the cellar by josh Campbell & Matt stuecken darkness and then -- a gunned engine -- blurred headlight flash across the screen -- tire squeal on asphalt -- a split second of unnerve silence and -- craaassssh ! lightn quick , close up snippet of -- glass shatter -- metal bending and ripping -- a vehicle come to rest -- a tire spinning upside down -- smash CUT to : black and silence . the soft , rhythmic hum of a distant generator fade in . follow by a deep , pain breath . a dim light flicker , then steady , revealing a -- Pov shot but everything be out of focus -- blurred shade of grey . the light fade as consciousness slip away , replace again by -- darkness the generator continue its rhythmic hum . a slow fade in -- dim fluorescent light illuminate -- a SMALL room a young woman lie on a sheet - less mattress on the floor . a thin blanket cover she body . her eye remain close . this be michelle burke ( 18 ) . classic mid-westerner -- attractive and smart with a slight edge that do little to mask she deep - roote wholesomeness . but right now she 's bandage , bruise and barely conscious . somewhere nearby -- the muffled thump of a close door . Michelle 's eye SNAP OPEN -- glassy but aware . she touch she temple and wince . her finger come away tinged with blood from the soak - through gauze that 's tape to she forehead . her eye adjust . take in she surroundings -- low ceiling . unpainted cinder block wall . cement floor . no window . a close door . she turn she head cause she to moan . and -- seemingly in response to she moan -- there 's a shuffling SOUND on the other side of the door . Michelle go silent . she wait , listen -- but the shuffle sound do not return . her eye flit around the room as she confusion build . she peel back the blanket -- she 's in she underwear and there 's a makeshift brace wrap around she knee . her shirt be crust with blood and tear at the collar . confusion quickly turn to panic . she move to swing she leg off the mattress but searing pain stop she . she grab the brace , struggle not to cry out . her jeans sit in a crumpled pile next to the bed . keeping she leg steady , she reach out and pull they toward she . a shaky hand dig she cell phone from a pocket . she ignore the display tell she she have new text . she punch 911 -- but there 's no signal . she hold up the phone , move it around -- still nothing . Michelle start to sob . stop . take a deep breath and -- roll off the bed . gritt tooth muffle she agony . she drag herself toward the door . a lone two-by - four rest against the wall . she use it to haul herself up onto she good foot , shock and adrenaline help she fight through the pain . steady herself on the wooden crutch , she turn the door handle . it do not budge -- the bolt be lock . Michelle look around the room for another escape . and then -- footstep on the other side of the door . get louder with each step . grow closer with each step . she hop to the side of the door , grip the two - by- four like a baseball bat ... and wait . the bolt lock slide -- the handle turn -- the door creak open -- a foot step into the room -- Michelle swing for the fence -- the two - by-four smashes into a man 's shoulder . a tray of food fly through the air as the man tumble to the ground . we will come to know the man as howard stammler ( 40s ) , but right now , he 's bat practice . Michelle lift the wood . Howard raise he hand . howard wait ! stop ! Michelle slam down the two - by-four with all she 's get . Howard 's forearm absorb the brutal blow . howard ( cont 'd ) just listen to I for a sec ! Michelle swing again , for he head this time . Howard roll out of the way . the two - by-four splinter against the cement floor . he reach back , latch onto the wood and jerk it from she hand . Michelle choke back panicked sob as she hop toward the open door . her knee crack against the frame . she cry out in pure agony , collapse hard to the floor . blood seep from under she bandage . Howard get up , he body block the doorway . he tower over Michelle , the two - by-four grip tightly . he stare down at she -- breathe hard -- he expression somewhere between surprise and anger . howard ( cont 'd ) I be only try to help you ! Michelle frantically crawl away from he , she bad leg drag limply behind . Howard step after she . michelle stay away from I ! Michelle struggle onto she good foot , scream from the pain . she hop toward a shovel that rest against the back wall . Howard drop the two - by-four . howard I be not go to hurt you . Michelle hop faster , stumble , fall . her bust knee hit the floor . she black out from the excruciate pain . Howard stand over she for a beat . then he walk to the back of the room and grab the shovel that rest against the wall . int . SMALL bedroom - later Michelle 's eye slowly open . she 's back on the mattress , the thin blanket cover she again . a tray of food sit on the floor next to the bed . the two - by - four and shovel be go . Howard sit on a fold chair by the door , he forearm be now wrap with a bandage where she hit he with the wood . she peer at he through the dim light . be he sleep ? she prop herself up . his voice cut through the darkness , startling she -- howard you should eat the egg . you ’1ll be dream of fresh food before long . Michelle look at the tray of food , then back to Howard -- detachment in he voice , intelligence in he weary eye . a combination that make he hard to read . howard ( cont 'd ) in a couple of week , everything 's go to be from a can . panic set in again . Michelle grab she cell . hold it up . michelle I call the police . they will be here any minute . let I go now . you will be in a lot less trouble . Michelle shoot he a defiant look . Howard shake he head -- howard you have get no idea what happen , do you ? Michelle lower she cell but do not respond . howard ( cont 'd ) there be a attack last night . some kind of bomb explode . the city 's destroy . Michelle look at Howard like he 's a lunatic . michelle yeah ... right . howard I be rush back here when I come across you wreck car . I could not just leave you there . michelle if you be such a good samaritan why the hell be I lock in this room ? howard I spend all night set you leg and close that wound on you head . I need some sleep and do not want you wander off . ( rub he bandage arm ) or crack my head open with a shovel . michelle you really think I be stupid enough to fall for this ? howard I think you be smart enough to know that if I be gonna do something , I would have do it already . michelle how do I know you do not ? I wake up in my underwear with no idea where I be or how I get here . that 's pretty fuck disturbing . howard I be a doctor . I have to take off you jeans to set you knee . michelle I want out of here . now . howard you can not leave . the entire countryside be blankete with ... with some sort of poisonous chemical . michelle you be out of you mind . howard you go outside , you die . but this place have a filtration system . it should protect we from whatever be float in the air out there . michelle what 's gonna protect I from you ? Howard shake he head , know he 's not go to convince she of anything right now . he stand up . Michelle pull the blanket tighter around she neck . howard you need to rest . ( point at the tray ) that 's ketamine in the small cup . it will help with the pain . I recommend you take it ... but I will leave that up to you . michelle special k ? we go clubbing ? howard I be a veterinarian . it 's the strongest painkiller I have . michelle think you say you be a doctor . howard a veterinarian be a doctor . he point to she leg as he try for a little levity . howard ( cont 'd ) hey . consider yourself lucky . if you be a horse , I would have have to put you down . Michelle 's not laugh . michelle thanks , doc. but I be not take a date rape drug while be hold prisoner . he take a step toward she ... and there 's a tiny shift in Howard , something stir beneath he calm exterior -- howard if I want to drug you , I would have crush it up in you food or hide it in you drink . or shot you up with it while you be already unconscious . and then I could have do what ever I want . Michelle look sick to she stomach . Howard take a deep breath , know he go too far . howard ( cont 'd ) this be a lot to take in . for both of we . you need to eat and you need to sleep . ( more ) howard ( cont 'd ) there will be plenty of time to talk when you be feel better . Michelle pull the tray onto she mattress and start pick at the egg . she 's not convinced of Howard 's story but realize that either way , she 's fuck . howard ( cont 'd ) call I if you need anything . I will be right outside . that do not make she feel any better . he exit the room , leave the door open behind he . Michelle wait a beat ... she set the food tray back on the floor . her hand linger , grab the butter knife . she try to pull herself up , but she weight shift to she bust knee . the pain be excruciate . Michelle grit she tooth , fall back onto the mattress , eye water . she can not take it . she grab the ketamine off the tray and drink it . she tuck the butter knife under she pillow and pass out . int . house party - basement - night - ( flashback ) ( note : all of the flashback be grainy and high contrast -- it 's hard to tell whether we be watch history , a memory or something altogether different . ) dozen of college student drink from plastic cup and bounce to hip hop music in the basement of a off-campus house . in a back corner Michelle stand across from patrick ( 19 ) . despite the raging party go on around they , the expression on they face say that they be not have fun . patrick lauren 's in my light class . we be just study ... michelle it take you ten minute to close you book and come downstairs ? patrick I do not hear you knock . I do not even know you be come . michelle I want to surprise you . God , I be such a idiot . Michelle take a long drink from she cup . patrick nothing happen . michelle I see the way she look at you ... the way she look at I . she lock eye with Patrick , dare he to lie . patrick okay . she kiss I ... but I do not kiss she back . michelle what the hell do that even mean ? patrick it mean you can trust I . michelle trust you ? why ? so you can hurt I ? patrick Michelle , I love you . michelle yeah ? you get a fuck up way of show it . Michelle chug the rest of she beer , throw the empty cup at Patrick and charge for the stair . he chase after she . patrick you can not go . you need to sober up . Michelle push through the crowd of body , ignore he . int . SMALL bedroom Michelle wake up . the fluorescent bulb be off but a bit of light bleed through the open door along with some noise -- hammering and sanding . it put a anxious look on she face . 10 . the food tray be go . she reach under she pillow . the butter knife be go too . a fold t-shirt and woman 's drawstring athletic short sit on the floor next to she cell . Michelle reach over , grab she cell and open up she text - - all six from Patrick . the last one at 2:42 a.m . -- '' sorry have to end this way . I wish we could be 2gether 4ever . '' be he refer to the attack ? she shake the think from she head . Michelle swap she tear , blood -crust blouse for the t- shirt . it 's skintight but it 's clean . she then gingerly pull the short on over she wounded knee . Michelle look around the empty room . she call out -- michelle hey , Doc ? this luxury accommodation come with a bathroom ? Howard enter carry crutch make out of some nail together piece of wood -- there 's material wrap around the top , sand hand grip and duct tape foot at the bottom . they be rudimentary , but nonetheless impressive . he set the crutch down by she mattress . howard my name 's Howard . Michelle do not say anything as she pull herself up onto the crutch . Howard reach for she arm to steady she . she instinctively pull away from he touch . he get the message , turn and lead the way out of the room . int . MAIN room Michelle enter the cramped live area . it 's windowless with the same low ceiling and cinder block wall . her eye dart around , study every square inch -- in the middle there 's a small table with two fold chair . to she right , there 's a kitchenette alongside a cupboard . next to the cupboard , a open door lead to another room . 11 . to she leave , a wear couch block a set of stair that disappear up into darkness . and on the far side of the room , there 's a fully stock , floor - to - ceiling wine rack that take up the entire wall but for one corner where there 's a close steel door with a deadbolt above the handle . Howard lead Michelle through the main live area into -- howard 's room a mattress on the floor . a small chest of drawer against a wall . in the back , two shower curtain come together to square off the corner . Howard pull one of the curtain aside to reveal a toilet , a sink , a small mirror , and a tub . Michelle crutch by he . int . bathroom Howard let the curtain go but stand right outside . michelle yeah , um , a little privacy , Doc . Howard head toward the door . howard let I know if you need any help . michelle you can help by close the door on you way out . through the slit in the shower curtain Michelle watch Howard exit . he close the bedroom door behind he . Michelle quickly crutch into -- howard 's room she hobble to the chest of drawer and start root through they . the top drawer be fill with woman 's clothes . the second drawer down contain man 's clothes . 12 . Michelle open the third drawer revealing a cornucopia of pharmaceutical , include the ketamine , antibiotic and a few syringe . Michelle grab a syringe . as she lift it , she notice a collection of old survival magazine underneath -- a headline on the cover of one of they catch she eye -- '' how to make a weapon out of anything . '' howard ( 0.s. ) you okay in there , Michelle ? Michelle startles at hearing she name . she drop the syringe and shut the drawer . hobble over and open the door . Howard all but tumble into the room , have have he ear against the door . Michelle tamp down she surprise and make she way around he back into the -- MAIN room lean on she crutch , she open the cupboard . every square inch be take up with can goods and dry food . Michelle turn to Howard . michelle how do you know my name ? howard I look in you purse , see you driver 's license . she work she way to the back corner . she try the steel door next to the wine rack . the deadbolt be lock . Howard watch she but do not say anything . Michelle take a seat on the couch , crane she head to look up the stairwell but she can not see where it end . she try to act calm and confident -- michelle okay . so where the hell be we ? howard near kenosha . 40 mile outside of milwaukee . underneath my farmhouse . 13 . michelle ( look at the wine rack ) where you just happen to have a fully stock dungeon . howard I convert this cellar into a fallout shelter right after 9/11 . the electricity come from solar panel mount on the barn roof . Water 's pipe in from a well underneath the house then it go through a reverse osmosis filter . completely self contain . Howard lean against the table . howard ( cont 'd ) start to think I go a little overboard , but figure , even if it never serve its purpose , it make a decent wine cellar . michelle how be you able to figure out what happen ? the tv and radio would have stop broadcasting the instant the bomb go off . howard the one from milwaukee do . but I be able to pick up a station from Chicago ... until that cut out too . but it be enough info to know I need to get here quick . Michelle lose a bit of confidence . michelle you say Chicago be hit ? howard all I know be that they be not broadcasting anymore . michelle that 's where I be from . that 's where my mom be . I need to call she . I need to make sure she 's okay . the look on Howard 's face say that she 's probably not . Michelle tear up . Howard 's not sure what to do , what to say . 14 . howard I have a daughter in Washington , d.c . I do not know if anything happen there . but , I mean , it 's Washington , d.c . he fight back he own emotion . howard ( cont 'd ) never should have let she go . michelle we need to go outside . find a cell signal . figure out what happen . Howard come over , reach out to comfort she . howard I be sorry . I know it 's hard , but I can not let -- she suddenly swing she crutch -- michelle get the hell away from I , you lie son of a bitch ! Michelle struggle to she foot , back against a wall . she keep Howard at bay with she crutch . michelle ( cont 'd ) you be full of shit ! there be no attack . you be just a sick pervert try to keep I down here . Howard look at she , he face a blank slate . and then -- a flash of anger . he pull the couch away from the stair . howard you want to see what 's out there ? ( motion toward stair ) go ahead . Howard keep he distance as Michelle cautiously crutch she way to the step , struggle to climb they . int . stairwell - evening Michelle arrive at the top of the stair and find a thick lead door with a small 4 x6 inch window . Howard come halfway up the stair behind Michelle . 15 . howard have a look . Michelle lean in and stare out the window -- michelle 's Pov - evening late afternoon . faint sunlight . a thin strip of the outside world be visible along the top of the exterior stairwell -- sunlight kick off the front end of a dent pickup which barely stick out from behind the corner of a rundown barn . outside the barn , there 's a fence in pen occupy by -- two dead pig . but not just dead -- they skin be completely go -- peel , slice or melt away . all that remain be two huge blob of blood - stain muscle and fat . int . top of stair - evening Michelle pull away . terror pulse through she body . howard believe I now ? Howard climb the stair as Michelle try to get she panicked breathe under control . howard ( cont 'd ) mild and Frank . they seem fine when we get here . I look out a few hour later . that 's what I see . michelle what happen to they ? howard I do not know . Howard flip a switch on a kluge together piece of electronic equipment by the door . a steady clicking SOUND emanate from the machine as the meter fluctuate slightly . howard ( cont 'd ) this be a geiger counter . a wire run from the device to a wand . Howard thread the wand through a small hole in the door . the click speed up and the meter move but only a little . 16 . howard ( cont 'd ) definitely radioactive fallout in the air , but not enough to do that kind of damage , not that quickly . michelle yeah . look more like the work of some twisted freak with a knife . howard ( to himself ) God grant I the serenity ... Howard pull the wand in . look up at Michelle . howard ( cont 'd ) there 's something else out there . some sort of chemical , like mustard gas ... or worse . Michelle subtly brace herself against the wall . howard ( cont 'd ) whatever it be , we sure as hell can not open this door . without warning -- Michelle shove Howard as hard as she can . he lose balance , tumble down the step , ass over elbow . Michelle grab the door handle , turn it . but it 's lock . howard ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) God damn it ! Michelle frantically pull at the door . Howard get to he foot -- he body fill the bottom of the stairwell , block the light from the room . Michelle bang on the small window . michelle help ! somebody help I ! Howard rub he shoulder as he climb the stair . howard what the hell be wrong with you ?! there 's real anger in he voice . 17 . Michelle smashes she crutch against the glass , against the handle , but it 's pointless . she begin sobbing , slide down the wall until she butt hit the stair . michelle please let I go . please . I promise , I will not tell anyone . Howard stop a few step below she . howard ( border on creepy ) there 's no one to tell . Michelle look up at Howard , horrify . michelle how long be you go to keep I here ? howard you be not a prisoner . michelle ( through she sob ) then open the fuck door . Howard lean in , breathe right in she ear . Michelle cower as he hand reach toward she ... then past she . he switch off the geiger counter . howard you be not think straight . probably have a concussion . then there 's the shock of all this info . Howard stand back up , tower over she . howard ( cont 'd ) you open that door and whatever 's out there come in here . be that what you want ? to end up look like my hog ? Michelle can not tell if it 's a warning or a threat . they stare at each other for a long moment . she finally shake she head ... surrender . Howard turn , lumber back down the stair . and as he go , the sun set outside , leave Michelle in near darkness . 18 . int . bathroom - later look in the mirror , Michelle peel the blood -crust gauze off she forehead . the cut be still gruesome , but the bleed have stop . she tape on a clean piece of gauze . int . MAIN room Howard sit at the table fiddling with a small radio but nothing 's be broadcast . Michelle crutch into the room . Howard look over . howard ( spin the dial ) see ? michelle I see a break radio . Howard shake he head as Michelle crutch by he . int . SMALL bedroom Michelle sleep restlessly . ext . house party - night - ( flashback ) Michelle push through party student on the porch as she storm out of the house toward she car . Patrick continue after she . patrick come on , Michelle . I make a mistake . give I another chance . michelle ( slurring slightly ) same thing my dad use to say . and my mom be stupid enough to believe it . until he leave she for good . patrick this be about you and I . not they . Michelle open she car door . 19 . michelle you be right . it 's about you and I . and lauren . and that 's one too many . she get in the car and slam the door . Patrick grab the handle but it 's already lock . patrick get out of the car . you be not alright to drive . seriously . Michelle peel away from the curb -- two student jump out of the way . she squeal around a corner and disappear into the night ... int . SMALL bedroom Michelle wake with a start . she look over to -- howard stand silently in the doorway . he turn and walk away without a word . int . bathroom Michelle inspect she damage knee . then she glance at Howard 's dresser drawer . she crutch toward they , keep a nervous eye on the door to the main room . howard ( 0.s. ) you alright in there ? she stop . michelle yeah . I be fine . int . MAIN room Howard and Michelle sit at the table , eat in silence . he look at she , but she keep she eye on she plate . howard ( try for small talk ) what be you do in milwaukee ? eye down , Michelle push she food around with she fork . 20 . michelle ( almost robotic ) visit a friend . ( a beat ) but he 's probably dead , right ? so what 's the point in talk about it ? so much for small talk . Howard bite he tongue as he push away from the table . fade to black . int . bathroom a few day have pass . Michelle look at herself in the mirror . she peel the gauze from she head . the wound be heal enough that she do not replace the gauze . she run water but sneak from the bathroom -- use the noise to mask she movement . she hobble into -- howard 's room she cross the room without she crutch , limping but move reasonably well . Michelle open a drawer and take the magazine with the '' how to make a weapon out of anything '' cover . int . MAIN room - moment later Michelle maneuver through the main room -- past Howard . she lean heavily on the crutch make it appear that she 's completely dependent on they to get around . int . SMALL bedroom use the sharp edge of a soup can lid , Michelle whittles away at the end of one of she crutch , slowly shaping it into a point . she hear Howard move outside and quickly rewrap the end with tape . int . SMALL bedroom - later Michelle lie on she mattress as Howard unwrap the bandage on she knee . Michelle wince as the last layer stick to she pus-cover wound . Howard tug it off . 21 . michelle ow ! damn it . that hurt . they both stare at the wound . it 's gruesome . michelle ( cont 'd ) I need to go to a hospital . I need a real doctor . Howard ignore the dig . howard where be you hide they ? michelle what be you talk about ? howard the antibiotic . Michelle do not answer . howard ( cont 'd ) think you will still be able to refuse medicine when this turn into gangrene ... and I have to see you leg off ? Michelle look from the wound to Howard . he 's serious . she reach into a small slit on the side of she mattress and dig out a dozen pill . she set they on the bed . Howard separate they into two pile . howard ( cont 'd ) ( point at one pile ) you be welcome to suffer through the pain all you want ... ( point at the other pile ) but you will take the antibiotic . Michelle pick up one pill from each pile . pop they both into she mouth and swallow . michelle happy ? Howard rewrap Michelle 's knee with a clean bandage then get up and head for the door . howard I be stick down here too , you know . 22 . he pull the door shut on he way out . Michelle reach over and grab she crutch . she unravel the duct tape and go back to work , sharpen it into a point . the painkiller kick in . she groggily tuck the lid back under the mattress then lie down and drift to sleep . int . / ext . michelle's car - night - ( flashback ) Michelle speed on a wind country road . a truck pull up behind she . its light glare in she rearview mirror . it seem to get closer and closer . Michelle swerve across the road drunkenly . the truck honk . she gun the engine , accelerate . the truck keep pace , tailgate she yet again . she glance at she rearview . the glare blind she ... int . SMALL bedroom Michelle jolt awake . the bedroom door be open , but she 's alone . she reach for she crutch , notice that the tape at the foot of one of they be unravel , the carve point clearly visible . she grab it and tape it up . but she have no idea if Howard be in the room to see it or not . she lie back on the bed for a moment , listen . nothing but the whoosh of air come in through the vent above she . Michelle stare up at the vent -- a idea come to she . she grab she crutch and limp out of the room . int . MAIN room Michelle peek into Howard 's room . he snore on he mattress . she quietly close he door then stare up at the ventilation system above the kitchenette where two air duct branch off from the main register and pipe into the bedroom . 23 . int . SMALL bedroom Michelle strip the cover from she pillow . she use the spear - point on she crutch to rip one end open and begin pull out the polyester stuff . int . MAIN room Michelle climb onto a fold chair beneath the main vent . she pull off the cover and shove the stuff into the ventilation system . when she have it all in , she take a crutch and push it as far into the duct as possible . she climb off the chair then reach up and bang on the vent with she crutch until Howard 's snore stop . she hear he move and quickly limp back into she room . int . SMALL bedroom - moment later Michelle catch a glimpse of Howard through the open door . she wait a beat then hobble out of the bedroom . int . MAIN room - continuous Howard be on a chair underneath the main duct . his ear and he hand be press up against the vent . Howard turn to Michelle -- deadly serious look on he face . howard the ventilation system be fail . Michelle 's face give nothing away . michelle what be you gonna do ? howard do not know . if it 's the solar panel we be screw because I can not go outside to repair they . he turn valve on the duct that lead into the bedroom . 24 . howard ( cont 'd ) I be shutting down the bedroom flow . we will have to limit ourselves to this room . keep the system from have to work so hard . he get down from the chair . michelle what about the bathroom ? howard I all keep a bucket in here . short of that , you will have to be quick . Howard seem to be stare at the tape on the bottom of Michelle 's crutch as he speak . int . MAIN room - later Michelle set two plate on the table , unidentifiable blob of can meat and pale vegetable on both . michelle two year worth of food down here and not a single piece of chocolate . Howard stand on a fold chair , he face against the vent . howard survive be about the essential . Michelle drop into a chair , exhaust . she stare at the wall of wine , look around the rest of the sparse room . michelle yeah , there 's no way a bag of chocolate would have fit in here . howard tell you what . next time I be plan for the apocalypse , I '1l make sure to buy candy bar . right now we have more press problem . he get down from the chair and join Michelle at the table . they both struggle to catch they breath . howard ( cont 'd ) ( somber ) we be not get enough oxygen . ( more ) 25 . howard ( cont 'd ) I might have to go outside and see if I can fix it . michelle think it be poisonous outside . howard it be . but we be face carbon dioxide poisoning down here . something have to be do . Howard pick up a fork and start eat . Michelle just stare at she plate . be she have second thought ? michelle if this crap be we last meal , we need something better than water to wash it down . she crutch over to the wine rack and grab a random bottle . howard you be not old enough for that . michelle feel free to call the cop . she set the bottle on the table , hobble over and dig through the utensil drawer . howard you be drink the night you crash . I could smell it on you . michelle ( laugh ) then drunk drive save my life . otherwise I have be a skinless corpse , right ? ( frustrated ) where 's the corkscrew ? howard I have never open a bottle down here . it 's just storage . guess we will have to make do with water . Michelle pull off she shoe . she grab the bottle and put the base of it in the bottom of the shoe then start gently bang it against the nearby door frame . howard ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? 26 . michelle most parent will not notice if a bottle of wine disappear , but they will notice a miss corkscrew . Michelle be breathe heavily from the lack of oxygen , but little by little the wine force the cork from the bottle . when it 's halfway up , she twist it the rest of the way out . she take a moment to catch she breath , then fill she glass . she go to fill Howard 's glass . he hold he hand over it . howard I do not drink . Michelle look over at the wall of wine . michelle that just decorative ? Howard look down at he dinner plate . howard I use to . I do not anymore . Michelle raise she glass . michelle more for I then . cheer . she take a big swig . int . MAIN room - later Michelle 's food be still uneaten but the wine bottle be half empty . the lack of oxygen mix with the booze have she tipsy . she refill she glass . howard you have have enough . Michelle pick up she glass and take a gulp . she look at the full wine rack . michelle why keep all that bottle if you do not drink ? howard it 's a long story . 27 . michelle ( sarcastic ) yeah , maybe you can tell I some day when we have more time . Howard shrug . howard maybe I ' 11 tell you some day when you be ready to listen . Michelle stare at the unappetize food on the plate in front of she . michelle I can not look at this shit anymore . Michelle , still tipsy , grab she plate and limp over to the sink without her crutch . Howard watch she intently as she make she way back to the table and sit down next to she forget crutch . howard ( suspiciously ) you knee 's get a lot better . Michelle take another drink of wine , play it cool . michelle guess the alcohol numb the pain . Howard nod dubiously . all of a sudden , he get up from he chair and walk to the back of the room . he dig a small key ring out of he pocket and open up the lock closet door . Howard pull out the shovel before close the door and lock it . michelle ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? howard wonder how I could be so naive . Howard walk underneath the main duct , tapping it with the shovel handle as he go . tap -- a hollow echo . tap -- another hollow echo . tap -- same hollow sound . Howard glance at Michelle . she fight to keep a disinterested look on she face . 28 . he walk a few more foot . reaches up , tap again -- and this part of the duct answer with a mute thump . Howard climb onto a chair . he push the shovel deep into the vent and start fishing around . Michelle surreptitiously unwrap the tape from the bottom of she crutch under the table as she keep she eye on Howard . Howard pull the shovel out , bring a big chunk of polyester pillow stuff with it . Air immediately start flow into the room again . Howard look at Michelle . he 's furious . howard ( cont 'd ) I pull you from a crush car . kept you safe from whatever 's in the air out there . I give you antibiotic from my limited supply . he climb off the chair , shake the edge of the shovel at she as he speak . he do not seem to notice she shaky hand work underneath the table . howard ( cont 'd ) you be a stranger . I owed you nothing . but I help you anyhow . and instead of thanking I , you try to kill we both . Howard take a step toward Michelle . she jump up from the table and thrust she spike- tip crutch at Howard . he knock it aside with the shovel . she pull it back , ready to strike again . michelle be that you plan ? lock I up and keep tell I how thankful I should be until I throw myself at you ? well , it 's never gonna happen . ( raise the spear higher ) I will not let you hurt I . howard that 's the beauty of it . I do not have to . he throw the shovel down . 29 . howard ( cont 'd ) I be gonna let you hurt yourself . he reach into he pocket and pull out he key ring . set it on the table . howard ( cont 'd ) it 's the small brass one . Michelle hesitates for a long moment , not sure if she believe he , not sure if this be some kind of a test . howard ( cont 'd ) you be free to go . Howard drag the couch away from the stairwell . keeping the crutch point in front of she , Michelle step forward , grab the key off the table . she limp toward the exit , crutch at the ready . howard ( cont 'd ) there 's just one thing ... Howard 's voice waver between menace and regret . howard ( cont 'd ) once you leave , you can not come back . you will be cover with whatever it be that melt the skin off my hog . go ahead and kill yourself if you like . but I be not go to let you kill I too . you choice . Michelle make she way into the -- stairwell - day she slowly climb the stair . daylight filter in through the tiny window above . she get to the top , fumble with the key ring -- she stick the small brass key in the lock -- she pause , look back down the stair . Howard 's nowhere to be see . but he call out -- 30 . howard ( 0.s. ) leave the key in the door . and be quick to close it . Michelle pause ... decision time . she hesitates -- and then the daylight from the window suddenly go dark . Michelle spin around -- a man in a hazmat hood press against the window -- look right at she . he bang frantically . man ( muffle ) open the door ! open the god damn door ! Michelle scream in terror . Howard rush to the bottom of the stair , see the figure on the other side of the window -- howard do not open that door ! Michelle panic , spin the key , unlock the door . before Howard can get up to she , the man pull open the door and enter , push into Michelle -- touching her -- the man block Michelle from get out . he spin back , shut and lock the door . then strip off he hazmat hood . man ( whisper ) shh ! we do not want they to find we . this be nate ( 20 ) , he matte hair and dirty face only enhance he rugge good look . michelle who ? nate ( whisper ) get back ! get away from I ! Howard disappear down the stairwell . Michelle hesitates ... maybe it 's the booze or the lack of oxygen -- or maybe it 's something in nate 's voice that convince she . but Michelle back down the stair , away from the door . 31 . nate look out the window one more time before he head down into the -- MAIN room Howard stand on a chair under the vent , turn the valve on the duct that lead to the bedroom . howard we need to get that suit clean off . right now . nate hurry past Michelle into Howard 's room -- he clearly know he way around . michelle what the hell be go on ? howard ( a concerned look ) that 's nate . michelle you know he ? Howard nod , but not happily . he get down from the chair and head for he bedroom . int . bathroom nate strip off the suit . underneath he 's only wear a pair of boxer and few tattoo . he throw the suit in the tub . Howard come in and start run the water over it . nate look back , see Michelle in the bedroom doorway . he hurry into -- howard 's room -- in just he boxer . Michelle can not help but notice nate be in great shape . nate you touch the suit . you need to get wash off right away . he reach for she . she do not resist . he lead she back to the -- 32 . bathroom Howard scrub the suit which be completely submerge . nate hold a towel under the faucet -- but the water flow have reduce to a drip . nate begin to put the towel in the tub . howard no ! Water might be contaminate . Howard close the faucet . howard ( cont 'd ) try the sink . nate spin the sink faucet . it sputter and a weak stream of water flow out . nate wet the towel as he turn to Michelle . nate that clothes have to go . throw ‘em in the tub with the suit . then wash yourself down . michelle what ? nate if you want to keep you skin , you need to lose you clothes . now ! Michelle take the towel , pause , look at nate then Howard , who 's pay no attention as he clean the hazmat suit . nate sigh , turn away from she . nate ( cont 'd ) no time to be modest . Michelle strip down to she underwear . nate keep he back to she , but turn enough to sneak a peek in the mirror as Michelle wash herself down with the towel . on howard he turn the hazmat suit inside out to scrub the rest . and he see -- write on the inside in permanent marker : property of JOHN bennett , pikeville FIRE dept . 33 . Howard stare at the name , he face tightening up . he glance at nate , who still have he back turn . int . MAIN room - later nate , now in a pair of Howard 's jeans and a t-shirt , sit at the table with Howard . they speak in tense whisper . howard get some nerve show up here now . nate you say I be always welcome . howard a lot 's change since then . and you know it . Michelle walk in , dress in a different set of clothes . nate eye she as she head for the couch . nate ( to Howard ) a little greedy want to keep this all for yourself . she sit on the couch and look at the man distrustfully . michelle ( to Howard , be : nate ) he be out there . he seem fine . howard because of the hazmat suit . ( stare at nate ) lucky you happen to have that . michelle ( to Howard ) this all part of the plan ? you could not convince I so you call for backup . nate what 's she problem ? howard not sure where to start . 34 . michelle you be both full of shit and now you be sit there try to get you lie straight . nate you seriously think I have be stand at the top of the stair in a hazmat suit for a week -- just wait for you to open the door ? when he put it that way , it do sound like a stretch . michelle I do not know what to think anymore . nate lucky you . this be one of that case where ignorance be bliss . howard ( under he breath ) then she should be ecstatic . nate get up from the table , walk over to Michelle . he offer he hand along with he most charming look . nate I be nate . I build this place -- howard you help . nate ignore he -- keep he focus on Michelle . nate what 's you name ? michelle Michelle . he reach out and she give he a half - heart shake . nate take a seat on the couch next to she still hold she hand . nate I be not expect to find anyone but Howard here . ( flash a magnetic smile ) guess my luck finally take a turn . nate squeeze Michelle 's hand . she pull it away guardedly . 35 . nate ( cont 'd ) Nice to meet you , Michelle . out of the corner of she eye , Michelle glimpsis Howard furrowing he eyebrow at the sight of nate next to she . Michelle turn , offer nate a force smile . michelle Nice to meet you too , nate . howard ( interrupt the moment ) so how be it out there ? nate something 's still in the air . not as bad as it be but ... ( a beat ) on the way here , I come across a guy that look like he have be drop in a deep - fryer . that would be I if I do not have a suit . michelle do everyone but I know the world be about to end ? Howard stand , move closer to they . howard so what happen ? who 's behind it ? nate well , there be a lot of talk ... but not a lot of answer . nate lean forward on the couch . Howard and Michelle stare with anticipation . this guy know how to tell a story . nate ( cont 'd ) it 's all just rumor ... but word be , Iran get hold of some Russian stockpile -- nuclear , chemical , the work . hire some fanatical whack job to hand deliver the bomb . then they explode the chemical stuff everywhere else . michelle Russians probably make it easy for they . 36 . howard hold on a second . I rescue you . keep you safe . and you refuse to believe a word I say . but this guy show up and tell we the obvious and you buy in ? nate I have a honest face . michelle I do not say I believe he . it 's just he story make sense . Michelle startles as the ventilation system groans ... then start emit a cyclical clunking sound . howard Christ . you little stunt must have damage the system . michelle can you fix it ? howard I would have to go out for that . michelle I all do it . nate howard no ! not a chance in hell . Michelle 's take aback by they adamant response . howard you have do enough damage already . nate and it 's not safe . there be people out there . not a lot , but a few . scavenger . they be desperate . michelle should not we try to help they ? howard the water pump 's stress . the ventilation system 's struggle . there be too many of we down here already . 37 . int . howard 's room Howard put on the hazmat suit . he do not pull down the mask yet . he walk out into the -- MAIN room Michelle and nate be on the couch -- and too close to each other . Howard look they over , grit he tooth . howard if I can not get it fix , then I be not sure we can support three people down here . nate what be we gonna do , draw straw ? howard it 's my cellar . I decide . nate get on out there . ( laugh ) you could use some fresh air . Howard exhales irritably , close the mask without respond . ext . farm house - late afternoon Dark and overcast . the modest farm house sit in the middle of nowhere . fallow field in front , thick wood in back . the dead pig rot in they pen . the cellar door open . Howard step out . he look back as the door slam shut . int . MAIN room - continuous Michelle stand by the table . nate come down the stair and take a seat on the couch . michelle you really think he have make you leave ? 38 . nate ( shrug ) he do not say it have be I . he just say he get to decide . Michelle walk over and sit down next to nate . michelle you would let he kick I out ? nate Howard 's shit when it come to people , but he 's good with machine . he will fix it . not exactly the answer Michelle be look for . michelle something happen between you two ? nate he hire I to help he convert this place to what it be now . about halfway through , he start change everything . but do not want to pay . so I walk . guess he 's still piss off about it . michelle and you think ... you think he 's alright ? nate do something happen between you two ? michelle no . it 's just , he seem off . nate everyone think he be nut when he build this place . but then again , I guess he be right . ext . barn roof - late afternoon Howard climb to the top of a ladder . as he step onto the roof , something catch he leg . he look back -- it 's a bent nail , tug at the hazmat suit , nearly cause it to rip . 39 . Howard carefully take a step back and release himself from the nail . he then move across the roof in the want light . his breath fog the plastic mask . he stop at the solar panel . a large tree branch have fall across the panel . two of the four be crack . Howard shove the branch to the side . the branch roll off the edge of the barn and land with a echoing whack ! Howard freeze , look around ... nothing but emptiness and silence . and then -- thwocka-thwocka-thwocka-thwocka . Howard spin around and -- howard Pov on the horizon , something in the air , way out in the distance -- maybe a helicopter ? Howard wipe the fog from he face mask ... his hand move away but whatever it be have slip behind a hill before Howard can make head or tail of it . cutting wide Howard stare at the horizon but it 's empty . he turn back to the roof , look over the rest of the solar panel . ext . farm house - late afternoon Howard head for the cellar door . he stop , turn and make for the front door of the farm house instead . int . farm house - bedroom - late afternoon Howard open the closet door in he bedroom . he pull out a small safe and set it on he bed . he unlock it -- the safe door open revealing a revolver and a box of ammo . 40 . int . farm house - back stairwell - late afternoon Howard come down the stair into the -- kitchen Howard grab a plastic trash bag from under the sink . he stuff the gun and ammo into it , then pull open a cabinet . int . stairwell - moment later Howard enter the cellar , lock the door behind he . he hurry down the stair , trash bag in hand . int . MAIN room Howard give nate and Michelle a thumb up as he rush past they toward he room . int . bathroom Howard step into the bathroom , take the gun out of the trash bag and quickly wrap it in a towel . he throw the bag in the tub . then he begin stripping out of the hazmat suit . Michelle pull aside the shower curtain . michelle ( 0.s. ) see anything out there ? Howard pause , consider he answer . howard nope ... nothing . Howard turn on the water -- a weak stream drip . nate step up behind Michelle . nate what 's in the bag ? Howard pull the bag from the tub , reach inside and pull out a seal bag of hershey 's miniature chocolate . he wipe it with a wet towel , then throw it to Michelle with a smile . howard dessert. 4l . int . MAIN room Howard and Michelle sit at the table as nate work at the kitchenette behind they . Michelle fill two glass to the brim with wine . Howard watch , a look of disappointment on he face . nate ( with flair ) the house special for the lady . nate set a plate down in front of Michelle . it 's the same can food but he 's arrange thing to look almost appetizing . Michelle smile . Howard roll he eye , turn a suspicious eye to nate . howard where do you get that hazmat suit ? Howard keep he eye on nate who pause before he answer -- nate I be a volunteer firefighter . when the attack happen , I go straight to the firehouse . we all suite up wait for order . but nothing come . land line , cell phone , radio -- everything be dead . do not take long before most of the guy go home to check on they family . when none of they come back , I figure I have take my chance and come here . howard I do not know you be volunteering at the fire department . nate just start a few month back . ( point ) if you come into town more often , you would know that . howard Charlie still run the show down there ? 42 . nate Charlie ? yeah . he sure be . Howard lock eye with nate . howard my old pal John bennett volunteer too . you must know John . a moment of tension -- nate 's eye say be careful . nate nope . must not have the same shift . Howard and nate stare each other down . nate turn to Michelle , take a sip of he wine . swish it in he mouth . nate ( cont 'd ) oh that 's nice . a little oaky with hint of raspberry . mmmm. smooth finish . Howard look up from he plate . howard do not know what you be talk about , do you ? nate hold he glass out to Howard . nate wanna show I how it 's do ? Howard ignore the question -- he just stare at nate. nate ( cont 'd ) ( turn to Michelle ) what do you taste , Michelle ? Michelle take a sip . swish it the same way nate do . michelle I do taste the raspberry . nate ( smile at Howard ) how can you argue with that ? Howard struggle to cover up he irritation . 43 . int . MAIN room - later empty dinner plate and crumpled candy wrapper . nate wash down the last of the wine . Howard push he dish and silverware toward nate . howard I buy dinner . how about you do the wash up . nate push the plate back toward Howard . nate I be still thirsty . Michelle , why do not you grab another bottle . ( still look at Howard ) it 's not like we have to drive anywhere . Michelle get up -- drunkenly wobble to the wine rack . howard ( quietly to nate ) remember , this be my cellar and that 's my wine . you be just a guest . nate ( lean in close ) then start treat I like a guest . Howard stand up , walk into he room and close the door . Michelle limp back over with a new bottle of wine . michelle what be that all about ? nate Howard use to have a drink problem . michelle I know . he tell I . nate he also tell you about he wife ? Michelle shake she head . 44 , nate ( cont 'd ) I guess he would not . about three year ago she be kill . he be not charge , but most folk around here figure it fairly suspicious . Michelle drop into she seat . michelle oh my god . that 's awful . then who have he daughter ? nate what daughter ? michelle he tell I that he have a daughter in Washington , d.c . nate Howard never have any kid . Michelle set the wine bottle on the table , suddenly she thought a jumble . michelle why would he lie about that ? nate take the bottle , start open it . nate ( ominous ) I do not know . maybe to gain you trust . but we ought to be watch out for each other . pressure seem to be get to he down here . nate fill Michelle 's empty glass with more wine . int . MAIN room - later nate sit on the couch , very close to Michelle . she hold a nearly empty glass of wine in she lap . her head bob . nate take the glass off she lap and set it on the floor . he turn and lean in for a kiss . michelle nooo ... mmmmmm . Michelle push he away clumsily . 45 . Howard open he door , come into the room . nate break off from he attempt make - out session . Howard grab some cracker out of the cupboard . he sit at the table and slowly go about open they , stare dagger at nate the entire time . nate stare right back as Michelle fall sideways on the couch and pass out . nate look at she , then back at Howard . nate get up off the couch . nate guess I 'il take the bed tonight . nate go into the small bedroom and slam the door . Howard eat he cracker while stare at Michelle . int . MAIN room Howard saws and hammer on a piece of wood . the bedroom door open . nate come out hold he head , look like complete shit . Howard whacks at a nail , notice nate wince with each strike . nate what the hell time be it ? Howard look around the windowless cellar . howard do it matter ? nate where 's Michelle ? howard she 's in the bathroom . throw up . you must be proud of yourself . nate settles into a chair as Howard go back to he hammer -- a big smile on he face each time nate wince . Michelle stumble in , hold she head with both hand . she collapse to the couch . her face be the same color as the cinder block wall . 46 . michelle I think that stuff be seeping in here . feel like my skin be peel off . howard so you finally believe I . Howard pound in another nail . nate can you stop hammer for a minute ! Howard stop hammer . he look over to nate . howard almost do . nate with what ? howard the frame on one of the solar panel be break . this should hold it for a while at least . nate when be you gonna take it out ? howard I be not . you be . nate why I ? howard because it 's time you start earning you keep . int . MAIN room - later nate climb the stare in the hazmat suit , hold the wooden corner . Howard wait until he hear the door close then he walk up the -- stairwell and lock the door behind nate. 47 . int . MAIN room - moment later Howard sit down next to Michelle on the couch . howard nate 's a liar . michelle what be you talk about ? howard the hazmat suit . it have someone else 's name in it . michelle so he grab the wrong suit in the panic . howard he also say Charlie Winston be still fire chief . but Charlie retire year ago . I be at the party . michelle what 's you point ? howard if he do not work at the fire department , how would he get the suit ? and what happen to the guy who 's name be on it ? michelle why do not you just ask he ? howard look , nate 's be in and out of trouble for as long as I have know he . spend some time in prison -- mostly small stuff . but he 's get a violent streak in he . you should be careful . just then -- pound from the top of the stairwell . Howard do not move . michelle let he in . 48 . howard do you hear what I just tell you ? he can not be trust . michelle let. him . in. Howard get up , head for the stairwell . int . MAIN room Howard and nate finish they meal . Michelle stand at the sink , watch water drip from the open faucet into she empty glass . michelle it 's get worse . howard we be use too much water . nate take he dish over to Michelle . toss it in the sink . nate leave ‘em . Howard will figure it out . he playfully slap she ass . she jump , swat at he -- michelle ( flirt ) can you please not do that ? nate it 's really hard not to . nate wink . Michelle smile . michelle God ... Howard 's stomach turn as he watch they . he push back he chair . it scrape loudly , grab nate and Michelle 's attention . howard fuck it . he cross to the wine rack , select a bottle . he turn back and hand it to Michelle . howard ( cont 'd ) go on , open it . 49 , Michelle go through the process . Howard pull out two wine glass , set they on the table . Michelle pull the cork out and put the bottle down . Howard pour two small portion into the glass . howard ( cont 'd ) 1986 montrachet . best bottle in the cellar . you do not want to know what it 's worth . but the idea of it sit down here , untouched , as the world end -- or worse yet , have you two heathen drink it on you own , without half a clue what 's on you lip -- well , that think be more than I can bear . Howard set one glass in front of Michelle , pick up the other himself . he swirl the wine , put he nose to the glass and inhale deeply . he smile . howard ( cont 'd ) cheer . Michelle do not touch she glass . Howard clink it anyway then take a mouthful of the wine . howard ( cont 'd ) that 's the stuff ! Howard pick the bottle up , fill he glass to the rim . and chug the entire glass as nate and Michelle watch in silence . nate do not you want to savor it ? Howard ignore he . howard ( to Michelle ) try it . she do not move . howard ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? that 's a few hundred dollar worth of wine in you glass . it 's oaky . with a hint of raspberry . Michelle watch as Howard pour himself another full glass . 50 . michelle maybe you should slow down . Howard pound the wine . howard ( glare at Michelle ) what 's the problem , princess ? you could not get enough last night . nate back off . howard I be not talk to you . ( back to Michelle ) be you visit you boyfriend in milwaukee ? Michelle do not answer . howard ( cont 'd ) pretty girl like you . you have probably have plenty of boyfriend . that poor sap . they do not have a clue what they be get into . nate ( growl ) I say , leave she alone . Howard 's gaze shift to nate . he lift he glass , but do not drink . howard you know what this be ? this thing I have do for both of you ? it 's call charity . and when someone provide you with charity , the polite thing to do be thank they . nate you would not have this place if it be not for I . howard I could have hire any old vagrant to do a half - ass job . ( a beat ) hindsight be what it be , I wish I have . nate pick up the wine bottle but keep he eye on Howard . 51 . nate you spend all you money on this cellar . and for what ? nate take a big swig straight from the bottle . he swishes it in he mouth , lean over , and spit it on the floor . nate ( cont 'd ) to protect a bunch of shitty wine . Howard 's expression turn dark and unhinge ... he jump up -- fling he wine glass at nate . it crash into the table . Glass and wine splatter into nate 's face . Howard charge -- howard you fuck ingrate ! nate wipe the wine from he eye as Howard slam into he . they collide into the wall . nate take the brunt of the hit in he back -- the oxygen rush out of he lung . michelle stop it ! Howard step back , throw a haymaker . nate duck the punch and swing a fist into Howard 's gut . Howard groans in drunken pain . and just like that , the fight have turn . Howard have lose the initiative . older , drunker and weaker -- he 's in trouble . nate come up with a crush upper cut -- Howard stumble backwards -- stunne . nate stalk forward , jab Howard , follow with a right hook -- smack ! full impact . Howard 's head snap back , he body careen into the wine rack and -- dozen of bottle shatter . wine explode in all direction . Glass rip through Howard 's skin as he tumble to the ground . nate kick Howard in the rib . hard . michelle ( cont 'd ) that 's enough ! Michelle grab nate around the stomach , pull he away . 52 . Howard groggily look up from the ground , encircle by break glass and cabernet . nate you fuckin’ come at I again , and I will not stop . hear I ? nate stomp into Michelle 's bedroom leave Howard and Michelle to stare at each other . int . bathroom Howard look at himself in the mirror , pick shard of glass from he back . int . MAIN room Michelle sweep up the mess . she look shake . whatever the hell be go on , it 's get worse and she 's start to lose she composure . int . howard 's room Howard be now bandage up . he listen to Michelle sweeping glass . then climb into he bed , each cut and bruise scream at he . int . MAIN room Michelle lie down on the couch with a blanket . her spike - tip crutch lie on the floor in front of she . int . MAIN room - morning a glass hold under the faucet , but no water come out . Michelle stand at the sink , a concerned look on she face as she stare at she empty glass . Howard walk out of he room . his revolver be holster on he hip . Michelle eye the gun . michelle it 's not work at all . 53 . Howard come over to have a look as nate enter from Michelle 's room . nate ( conciliatory ) listen , Howard , I gotta say ... but he word fade away as he see the gun . nate ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that for ? howard this cellar be mine . I be in charge down here . you either get in line or you get the hell out . nate release a blustery chuckle . Howard reach down , touch the butt of the gun . howard ( cont 'd ) you want to try I ? nate okay , Howard . whatever you say . Howard nod then turn he attention to the faucet . howard ( under he breath ) too damn many of we down here . Michelle eye both man , a uneasy look on she face . int . MAIN room - later Howard remove a throw rug from the floor . underneath , there 's a trap door . he pull it open , revealing a narrow crawl space . Howard nod to nate , hand he a flashlight -- howard you first . nate grimace , but climb down into the crawl space . Howard turn to Michelle . howard ( cont 'd ) I want you up by the door . if you see any water run through the yard , you come let I know . 54 . Michelle nod as Howard drop down into the crawl space . she climb over the couch and into the -- stairwell at the top of the stair , Michelle look out the window -- michelleas Pov the yard . the dead pig . the barn . and the front end of the pickup . this time it 's not obscure by reflect sunlight . close on michelle -- stare at the yellow paint and large dent on the old truck . suddenly she blood run cold as she memory kick in -- int . / ext . michelle's car - night - ( flashback ) Michelle be blind by the headlight glare in she rearview . she nearly veer off the road , wrench the steering wheel at the last possible moment . the truck behind she honk again and pull alongside she . Michelle look over at the truck -- dented , yellow , old . Michelle 's eye flit back to the road , but there 's a turn ahead and it 's too close . the truck swerve -- be it try to run she off the road , or be it just try to pass she ? Michelle overcompensate as she turn away from the truck , she car weave toward the edge of the road -- she slam on the break , twist the wheel -- the car squeal across the pavement -- Michelle know she will not make it . her eye open wide in pure terror ... 55 . int . stairwell - day Michelle stare at the old truck -- the same one as in the flashback . she hyperventilate , struggle to regain control of she breathe . she try the door handle . lock . a long beat of shallow breath and then she turn and head down the stair . int . MAIN room - continuous Howard and nate climb out of the crawl space . nate have a small pump in he hand . Michelle stand by the man -- a troubled look on she face . howard you alright ? michelle yeah . fine. ( change the subject ) what 's with the engine ? howard it 's a pump . and it 's bust . nate I can fix it . howard let 's hope you be right . int . MAIN room - night nate work on the pump . Michelle put together another meal . Howard walk in from he room . he do not say a word , just pull a bottle of wine off the wall and hand it to Michelle . she open it . nate fidget with the pump , do not look up . Howard pull out a single wine glass , set it on the table . Michelle pull out the cork . it drop to the floor . as Howard reach down for it , Michelle slip liquid ketamine into he glass . Howard come up with the cork , set it on the table . 56 . Michelle pour he a full glass of wine and force a smile . Howard nod , take a sip . howard a little off . might be cork . he spin the wine , sniff it . Michelle watch nervously . howard ( cont 'd ) but I guess we can not let it go to waste . especially , now that we reserve have be ... deplete . Howard take a big drink . int . MAIN room - later Howard be slump on the couch , unconscious . nate and Michelle stand over he . michelle it be he truck . he run I off the road that night . ( shiver ) he plan to bring I here . guess he figure he have at least have a plaything for the end of the world . nate he 's never be the most stable guy . and now that he 's drink again ... nate pull the gun from Howard 's holster . nate ( cont 'd ) best that we hold onto this for safe keep . michelle he 's gonna freak when he wake up . nate let he . not much he can do if I be hold the gun . michelle what about I ? 57 . nate I will protect you ... ( nod at the stair ) or we could just take care of it for good . michelle you want to throw he out ? he shrug . Michelle shift warily . nate he 's be talk about do the same to we . Michelle work this over in she mind , slowly shake she head . michelle I can not do it . nate Fine . without the gun , he can not hurt we . nate look deeply into she eye . Michelle produce a cautious smile . nate lean in for a kiss . and it 's decision time . Michelle balk , turn away . nate ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? michelle you 'il take care of I , right ? nate we will take care of each other . Michelle read between the line . she lean in , kiss nate . int . SMALL bedroom - moment later nate and Michelle naked on the bed , have the kind of wild , passionate sex that only happen with the world come to a end . Michelle moan in ecstasy . 58 . int . MAIN room - continuous Howard on the couch . his eye flicker open . he rub he face . Michelle 's moan echo from the other room . Howard 's brain slowly return to consciousness as Michelle work she way toward a orgasm . Howard reach down to he waist . his gun be miss . the look on Howard 's face be chill as he begin to piece together what 's happen . with one final squeal of ecstasy , Michelle 's noise die down . and then Howard hear someone come he way . he close he eye , feign like he 's still pass out . Michelle enter and head for the bathroom -- wear only she pantie . Howard 's eye open to slit . he covertly watch she pass . int . howard 's room - later Howard sit on he mattress , propped up on he pillow against the back wall . he drink from a open wine bottle . nate come into the bedroom , the revolver tuck into he waistband in clear view . howard give I back my gun . nate pass by he and walk into the bathroom . nate ( 0.s. ) not gonna happen . Howard take another slug of wine as he 's force to listen to nate pee in the toilet . nate step out of the bathroom , head for the door . howard guess you never plan on sleep again . nate stop , walk over to Howard , kick a empty wine bottle out of the way . 59 . nate good point . give I you key . howard fuck you . Howard take another drink . nate pull the gun , point it at Howard 's head . nate 's demeanor be darker and colder than we have see it . nate give I the fuckin’ key or you be go to be lie out there next to you dead pig . Michelle appear in the doorway of Howard 's room , surprised by nate 's tone . howard ( to Michelle ) this be who you decide to throw you lot in with ? after all I have do for you . Michelle march over . stands at nate 's side . michelle all you have do for I ? you mean like run I off the road and nearly kill I . Howard 's face shift through emotion -- land on anger . howard ( point at nate ) this asshole tell you that ? michelle I see you truck . it be you . howard you be unconscious , you do not remember shit . I save you . michelle you have a answer for everything . but why be there always so many question ? nate pull back the hammer on the revolver . 60 . nate I be only go to say it once more . give I the key . his finger tense on the trigger . he 's really go to shoot Howard . Howard reach into he pocket , pull out he key ring , hand it over . nate smile -- really enjoy this now . nate ( cont 'd ) the pump be fix . when you sober up , take it down to the well . int . SMALL bedroom nate and Michelle stand at the door . nate turn the key in the lock . nate this door require a key on either side . whenever we be in here , this stay lock . if you get up to use the bathroom , you wake I first . if this door 's unlock , I need to know about it . Michelle let out a small laugh . michelle first I be lock in a cellar . now I be lock in a room in that cellar . just keep get better . nate turn on she , a cold look in he eye -- nate you take this seriously or you could end up dead . Michelle be put off by he tone . she wipe away she smile and nod . int . MAIN room the trap door to the crawl space be open . Howard poke he head out , look at nate , who be near the sink . 61 . howard should be work . nate turn the faucet . Water pour in a thick stream . Howard pull himself up through the trap door and close it , drag the throw rug back over it . nate you be down there so long , I think you might have fall in . nate smile cheerfully . Howard sneer . howard you be one hell of a bastard , come in here , take over . nate shit . you do not give I any choice . but you be right about one thing . this place . it 's not big enough for three people . howard you be go to kick I out ? nate well , I be not go anywhere . and neither be Michelle . guess that only leave you . she need a little convincing , but she will come around . nate look over as Michelle enter from the bedroom . nate ( cont 'd ) hey , baby . michelle Morning ... ( a beat ) if it be morning . God I hate have no idea what time it be . nate open the cupboard . grab a can of bean . nate be that all we meal be basically the same , guess it really do not matter much . Michelle offer a weak smile . 62. Howard process nate 's word . his face be ashen . int . MAIN room - later nate , Michelle and Howard sit around the table finish they meal . Howard 's halfway through another bottle of wine . nate push he empty plate in front of Howard . nate clean that up , would ya . nate get up from the table , the revolver visible in he waistband . nate ( cont 'd ) this food be kill I . he pat he belly as he walk toward Howard 's room . nate ( cont 'd ) ( with a smile ) just remember , I try to get you to spend the extra money for a vent above the toilet . howard least you could do be close the door . nate swing Howard 's bedroom door close behind he . Howard lean in close to Michelle . he speak in a hushed whisper . howard ( cont 'd ) you be right . michelle about what ? howard this be all a put on . there be no attack . nate and I plan this from the start . he talk I into it . Said we could get a girl down here and nobody would ever know . Michelle be catch completely off guard . 63 . michelle why be you tell I this ? howard be not it obvious ? I be jealous . you be not suppose to be only for he . Michelle 's stomach turn . michelle you be lie . howard about there be a attack or about there not be a attack ? ( a wry smile ) you fall for it . now you be he little toy and I be lock down here to suffer until he tire of you ... and god only know what 's gonna happen then . he can not just let you walk out , can he ? michelle why would I believe you ? howard because you know it 's true . and you will never be safe as long as he have that gun . michelle give you the gun be not gonna make I feel any better . howard tell you what , just get I the key . i’1l find a phone and call the police ... what do you have to lose ? either you be rid of I for good , or else I will bring back help . Michelle look doubtful . howard ( cont 'd ) I can get you out of here , back to you family , to you life . but only if you help I . the toilet flush . Howard peer at Michelle . she do not say a word . 64 . int . howard 's room Howard sleep on the mattress . Michelle come in and nudge he awake . Howard 's eye open . Michelle 's kneel next to he . the key ring jangle softly in she hand . Howard shake off the cobweb and grab the key from she . int . MAIN room the door to the small bedroom be close . Michelle sit on the couch , anxiously pick at she fingernails . Howard come out dress in a hazmat suit . they whisper -- michelle if it 's all the lie , why be you wear the suit ? howard nate still have a gun . if he 's awake when I come back , we will tell he I have to check on the solar panel . michelle be you come back ? just then , the bedroom door whip open . nate come out , gun draw . nate where the hell you think you be go ? howard the electricity 's short out . I need to check the panel . nate see the key ring in Howard 's hand . he turn to Michelle , eye ablaze with rage . michelle he say it be a emergency . nate and you do not wake I ? 65 . michelle I be scared . I panicked . nate flick on the overhead light . it 's work fine . nate ( to Howard ) you be free to go . but the suit stay here . Howard turn and head back toward he bedroom . nate ( cont 'd ) the key . leave they on the table . Howard comply . nate step toward Michelle , a menace look on he face . nate ( cont 'd ) I think we be get somewhere , you and I ... he reach up and gently rub she chin with he hand that still hold the revolver . a shiver run through Michelle when the cold metal touch she face . int . SMALL bedroom nate sleep on the mattress . Michelle sit next to he , propped against she pillow , stare at the blank wall . she move to get out of bed but stop . shake nate . his hand whip from under the pillow , gun point at Michelle . she flinch . then gently push he gun arm away from she . michelle I gotta use the bathroom . nate sit up . he unty the key ring from he waistband , hand it to Michelle . int . howard 's room Howard snore loudly on he mattress . two empty wine bottle rest on the cement floor next to he bed . Michelle tiptoe by he into the -- 66 . bathroom she pull the curtain close . Howard 's snore stop . Michelle finish pee . she pull up she underwear , part the shower curtain to leave -- Howard stand there , leer at she with drunken eye . michelle it 's all yours . she move to slide by he . but he step in front of she . howard you be too good for I . but you 's 1ll lie down with that cretin . michelle get out of the way . howard you have give I nothing but trouble since you get here . I should have leave you in that ditch ... Michelle step around he into -- howard 's bedroom Howard match she step , block she path to the door . michelle get away from I ! howard ...- would have make my life so much easier . Howard step toward she . Michelle reach down , grab a wine bottle and swing it . Howard jump back , avoid the impact . howard ( cont 'd ) you bitch . he grab Michelle around the neck , a craze look in he eye . 67 . and then -- wham ! the revolver smashes Howard in the back of the head . Howard collapse forward into Michelle , knock both of they onto the mattress , leave Michelle underneath he limp body . nate stand over they both , look down at Michelle . nate you ready to deal with this problem for good ? Michelle look up at nate . he wait for a response . she stare at he a long beat ... and shake she head no . nate turn and leave the room as Michelle frantically struggle to get out from under Howard 's leaden weight . Michelle finally manage to push Howard off of she . she scurries for the door . int . howard 's room - later Howard come to -- reach to the back of he head and find it crust with blood . he wobble to he foot , stumble into the -- MAIN room Michelle stand at the sink pour out full wine bottle . judge by the dozen or so empty bottle on the counter , she 's be at it awhile . howard what be you do ? Michelle ignore he . Howard hurry over and grab a bottle out of Michelle 's hand . michelle do not touch I ! nate saunter into the room . he walk right up and hold the revolver against Howard 's skull . nate I have just about have enough of you . 68 . howard that 's my wine . nate can not drink it if you be dead . Howard let go of the bottle and back away . nate lock eye on Howard , a chill look on he face -- nate ( cont 'd ) you enjoy attack woman , do not you ? howard I do not attack she . I would never do that . I ... Howard reach a hand out to Michelle -- she back away from he . howard ( cont 'd ) look , I get emotional . I be sorry . but that 's not I . nate this whole set up have just about run its course ... Michelle , go in the other room . tear form in Michelle 's eye . howard wait , no . Michelle . do not go ! she turn away from Howard , walk into the bedroom and close the door . Howard back away from nate . nate grab he by the scruff of the neck with one hand , hold the gun to he temple with the other . nate up the stair . howard nate , please do not . nate get up the fuckin 's stair ! nate shove he forward . Howard stumble , fall at the bottom of the stair . tear form in he eye . 69 . nate kick Howard in the ass . nate ( cont 'd ) move ! howard please , please no . nate it 's not like I do not give you enough chance . Howard stumble to he foot . nate shove the gun barrel in he back , push he into the -- stairwell howard ( sobbing hysterically ) do not , nate . please . what do I have to do ? I 'il do anything ! nate pull out the key . int . SMALL bedroom - continuous Michelle stand with she ear to the door , listen ... howard ( 0.s. ) you can not do this ! it 's murder ... tear form in she eye . howard ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we can work this out . I will stay out of you way . you will not even know I be here . Michelle reach for the door handle ... hesitates . howard ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) please , nate ! please ...! Michelle pull open the door . rushes to the -- stairwell michelle no! stop ! 70 . nate keep he eye on Howard , who 's kneel on the stair . michelle ( cont 'd ) do not do it , nate . nate pause , consider ... Howard look up to he with plead eye . nate push Howard back down the stair . howard thank you . nate shut up . Howard stumble into the -- MAIN room nate follow on he heel . nate there be gonna be some change . you stay in you room . always . you wanna come out , you ask for my permission and you do it when she 's not out here . you do not go anywhere near she , no matter what . get I ? howard okay . however you -- nate and stop talk . I have hear enough out of you for a lifetime . so do we all a favor . and shut the fuck up . nate sneer at Howard . Howard return a empty look -- something have snap inside of both of they . int . howard 's room - later Howard sit at the edge of he bed . he do not move a inch . there 's a feral look in he eye . 71 . int . SMALL bedroom Michelle awaken -- next to nate -- from a bad dream . cold sweat run down she face . she shiver . nate ( half asleep ) you okay ? michelle yeah . she burrow into he arm . he push she away , pull off the cover . nate I gotta piss . nate climb out of bed and cross to the door . he unlock it , walk out , close it behind he . Michelle hear the sound of nate lock the door from the outside . she curl into she pillow , eye flutter close . int . MAIN room - morning Howard sit at the table , fiddling with the radio . Michelle walk in rub sleep from she eye , she scan the room , then walk into Howard 's room . a moment later she come back in -- wide awake . michelle where 's nate ? Howard look up , mull over he answer . michelle ( cont 'd ) where be he ? there 's a long beat before Howard respond -- howard Said he hear something outside . decide to go have a look . michelle how long have he be go ? howard a couple of hour . 72 . she stare warily at Howard . michelle think he 'il be back soon ? howard depend on what he find , I suppose . Michelle move to the cupboard . howard ( cont 'd ) I know this be gonna happen . michelle what ? Howard motion around the cellar . howard the attack . Way thing have be go in the world -- grow population , dwindling resource . too many rat in the cage . and a bunch of politician who only care about get a sound bite in the next news cycle -- it be not hard to see we be come to a crossroad . but that 's the problem with people -- they be so damn entitle , so insistent on believe in whatever it be that they want to be true , fact be damned . try tell they something they do not want to hear . might as well talk to the wall . Michelle nod , but do not respond . howard ( cont 'd ) but sometimes people need to hear the truth . michelle like what ? howard at the bottom of everything , people be selfish and brutal . we do what 's best for ourselves . we want to pretend like it 's logic or morality or religion . but it 's not . ( more ) howard ( cont 'd ) it 's darker than that . and if you be in denial ... Howard lock eye on Michelle -- howard ( cont 'd ) ..- if you be in denial , Michelle , then you be in danger . I know it 's hard to face fact , to admit it 's all a frenzy of selfish and desperate chaos . but if you do not face that fact , you be put yourself in a far worse , far riskier position . Michelle break eye contact , pull out some food she grow sense of unease . int . bathroom - later 73 . -- mask Michelle wash she face at the sink . she reach for a towel and notice splatter drop of pink on it . she look around . more drop of pink liquid remain in the bottom of the tub . could be water down blood . she stand there freeze , stare . int . MAIN room Howard be on the couch now , read . he look up as Michelle enter . michelle what really happen ? howard what do you mean ? michelle nate would not leave I down here with you . not after what you do . howard I tell you , it 'il never happen again . you make sure of that . Howard motion to the empty wine rack . howard ( cont 'd ) guess I should thank you . 74 . michelle ( stoic ) Howard ? howard yes . michelle I can not do it anymore . howard can not do what ? michelle whatever you be go to do to I , just get it over with . howard you get it wrong . nate be try to ... he will be back soon . you ’1ll see . Silent tear begin to roll down Michelle 's face . michelle you tell I the whole story be a lie . then you begge for you life when nate be go to make you leave . I can not live with the uncertainty anymore . or be that part of the game ? howard I be sorry . I lie to you earlier . I need the key . I need to get out . nate be go to kill I . michelle so what , you kill he first ? howard Michelle , I be not go to do anything to you . I have never hurt you . you be like my own daughter . michelle and you be like my father . he be a lie son of a bitch . Michelle 's lip quiver , she crumple against the wall . 75 . howard stop cry . I be try to help you . that 's all I have ever do ... Michelle heave . Howard aches for she , but know better than to approach . howard ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be alright . and then -- a rumble echoe from outside . gravel crunch under something heavy , something big . and it 's come closer . Howard flip off the light , leave only a weak beam of sunlight from the tiny window at the top of the stairwell . howard ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) do not make a noise . the vehicle stop above they . the engine cut out -- a unnerve silence . michelle ( whisper ) what if it 's help ? howard ( whisper ) what if it 's not ? Howard move toward Michelle who stand in near darkness look up the stairwell ... wait . michelle ( barely audible ) maybe it 's nate . Howard nod as he slowly , methodically move closer . Michelle gaze at the stairwell , unsure of whether to scream for help or heave silently . howard ( whisper ) if it 's nate , he ’1ll knock . a eternity pass . the rumble of the engine restarting break the silence . 76 . Michelle suddenly charge for the stairwell -- michelle help ! hel -- Howard tackle she , cover she mouth . the engine cut out again . Michelle bite Howard , pull free for a moment . but he pull she back and they struggle across the floor . and now there 's pounding on the stairwell door . louder and louder . Michelle squirm . Howard hold she down . he drag she toward a kitchen drawer and reach into it . she bite he again , but as she do so , he plunge a syringe into she arm . bang , bang , bang from the stairwell . Michelle stop struggle . bang , bang , bang ! her eye close . the pound stop . as Michelle fade into unconsciousness , she hear -- the engine firing up . the vehicle pull away . Howard watch Michelle , a sad look on he face . int . / ext . michelle's car - night - ( flashback ) Michelle 's car squeal across the road ... her eye wide in pure terror ... and the car careen over the ledge , the back tire catch and flipping it . it roll to the bottom of the ditch -- all broken glass and bending metal . then a sudden silence as it come to a rest . and the darkness be pierce by a set of headlight pull to a stop on the road above . 77 . someone climb out of the vehicle and step into the beam of light . then begin climb down the side of the embankment . int . michelle's car - continuous she 's upside down , belt into she seat , the door crush to she side , blood gush from she head , eye slit open in semi - consciousness . a sudden shriek from the door but it refuse to be open . another , louder shriek . and again . and again . the door be slowly pried open . and finally -- the door give , swing open , revealing -- howard , stand above Michelle , look down at she . the expression on he face be ... hard to read . howard do not worry . everything 's go to be alright . as Howard reach down for Michelle , she slip into unconsciousness ... int . SMALL bedroom Michelle wake up . alone on the mattress where it all start . she get to she foot , cross the room and pull on the door . it 's lock . she lean in , examine the deadbolt lock above the door handle . there be two flathead screw face she . she touch they with she finger ... a idea form . Michelle bang on the door . she wait . michelle come on ! I gotta use the bathroom . footstep approach . the lock click . the door open . howard Morning . Michelle walk by he without say another word . 78 . int . MAIN room - morning Howard sit at the table . he do not notice as Michelle slip a butter knife into she pocket . Michelle open the cupboard , reach to the very back and pull out five bottle of wine . Howard see they line up on the counter . howard where have that come from ? michelle nate have I hide some bottle . Said we should save they for special occasion . howard and what 's so special about today ? michelle it 's my birthday . Michelle start open the wine . Howard step over , take the bottle from she . howard still , kind of early for that , would not you say ? Howard look down at the bottle in he hand , clearly tempt . michelle you get some big plan that I do not know about ? she put she hand back on the bottle . her finger slightly overlap Howard 's finger . he let go of the bottle . Michelle finish open it . she pour herself some . Howard put he hand over he empty glass . howard I be good . michelle gonna make I drink alone ? Howard keep he hand over the glass , fight temptation . 79 . michelle ( cont 'd ) come on . one drink . that 's it . howard okay . one drink . and only because it 's you birthday . Howard move he hand away . Michelle pour he a full glass . int . MAIN room - later the second bottle have be open . Michelle and Howard sit at the table . michelle I do not really like this one . howard open another . Michelle cross , bring she glass with she . she grab another bottle off the counter and open it . while Howard be not look , she pour she full glass down the drain . Michelle stumble , nearly fall on she way back to the table . howard ( cont 'd ) careful . maybe you have have too much . michelle or maybe I have not have enough . she pour herself a full glass and top off Howard . howard normally , you do not mix chardonnay and shiraz . but hell ... he taste a bit . howard ( cont 'd ) make a half decent rise . Michelle offer a smile , clink glass with Howard . int . MAIN room - later Michelle be on the couch , eye barely open . there 's a fourth bottle on the table in front of Howard . 80 . michelle ( slurring ) I miss beer . wine 's too strong . howard well if you do not guzzle it down so quickly ... michelle and I miss pepsi and Starbucks and lasagna and chocolate chip cookie dough ... howard we have some freeze dry lasagna . somewhere ... michelle uh huh . she 's fade . her eye close and she slump on the couch . howard alright , missy . I think it 's time for a nap . Howard stand , a bit wobbly himself . he walk over to Michelle and pull she to she foot . she moan softly . Howard take Michelle to she room , keep she on a more or less straight line . int . michelle 's room Howard set Michelle down on she bed . she roll over and curl into a ball . howard there you go . nothing a bit of sleep will not sort out . he gently pull a blanket over she as she sink into the bed . Howard stand up and watch she for a moment -- a soft , wistful look on he face -- then he reach into she purse which lie next to the bed . he dig around , pull out she wallet . Michelle watch he anxiously through half - close eye . 81 . Howard pull out she driver 's license , stare at it a beat , then toss on the mattress next to she . howard ( cont 'd ) ( ice cold ) hope you hide some more wine . look like we will be do this again in six month . for you real birthday . Michelle 's eye pop wide open . Howard turn and walk out . int . MAIN room Howard close the door to Michelle 's room and lock it with he key . int . michelle 's room Michelle lie on the mattress , completely still , eye wide open -- sober and aware . she slip out of bed -- in complete control of she sense . Michelle pull the butter knife from she back pocket and approach the lock . the two flathead screw face Michelle . the butter knife be just thin enough to fit into the groove . she go to work loosen the screw . int . MAIN room Howard sit at the table and pour himself another glass of wine . he take a big gulp and shake he head disappointedly . int . michelle 's room - later the screw have be remove from the deadbolt . Michelle have she ear to the door , listen to -- int . MAIN room - continuous Howard -- face down on the table -- snoring . a fifth bottle of wine be half empty in front of he . 82 . the lock on Michelle 's door pop out of its hole . and the door swing open . Michelle hurry into the room and begin sifting through Howard 's pocket . she find the key and cross to the metal door , unlock it . Michelle pull open the door and find -- the hazmat suit , along with the gun and a set of car key . Michelle pocket the car key , tuck the gun in she waistband and grab the suit . int . bathroom - moment later Michelle pull on the hazmat suit . she check herself in the mirror and then exit . int . MAIN room - continuous Michelle walk by a pass out Howard , head up the stairwell . int . stairwell - continuous Michelle reach the top of the stairwell and go through the key ring . but the key to the door be missing . she frantically go through the key again . still not there . she try other key , but none of they work . int . MAIN room - moment later Michelle return to the bottom of the stair and scan the room , look for the key . Howard stir , readjust he head , but clearly he 's beginning to wake up . Michelle be grow frantic . she reach down and slide the carpet over , revealing the trap door . she pull open the door and climb down into the -- 83 . crawl space it 's only a couple of foot high . the well be at one dark end . Michelle glance around , find what she 's look for -- crack of daylight . she move toward the light , do she best not to scrape up the suit . at the far end of the crawl space , she find a old vent that have be board over . she pull at the board , but they be solid . so she roll over on she back , foot to the board , and kick as hard as she can . thump ! but the board hold . int . MAIN room - continuous Howard stir , lift he head at the sound of Michelle kick the board in the crawl space . he shake he head , still half asleep . int . crawl space - continuous Michelle kick the board again . they be start to crack and come loose , revealing the old metal vent behind they . crack , crack , crack ! int . MAIN room - continuous Howard shake himself out of he stupor . he see the trap door wide open . suddenly he 's fully awake . he move to the trap door , duck he head inside , spin around and find -- the kicked out vent . ext . farm house - day a steady rain fall . Michelle come around the side of the farm house in the hazmat suit , the mask be fogging from she breath . rain patter off she hood . 84 . int . MAIN room - continuous Howard scramble across the room , find the closet door wide open - gun and hazmat suit miss . howard fuck ! ext . farm house - day Michelle come around the corner of the farm house and freeze . nothing she have experience yet compare to the horror in she eye now -- michelle 's Pov mask fogged , but through it -- nate , face down in a puddle , raindrop bounce off the back of he head but it 's not enough to wash away the blood , skull fragment and brain matter . cutting wide Michelle lift the hazmat mask from she face and stare in shock . int . howard 's room Howard scramble in , throw the mattress into the air and find the cellar door key beneath it . he grab the key and rush out . ext . farm house - cellar entrance - day the lock click . the door fly OPEN . Howard climb out of the stairwell . he 's wrap head to toe in a blanket . he scan the yard -- his eye lock in on the two dead pig -- steady raindrop chew at they rotting flesh . Howard hesitates for a long moment ... 85 . ext . farm house - day Michelle stand in the rain , stare at nate 's body . she 's barely breathe . howard ( 0.s. ) Michelle ! Michelle jump at the sound of she name . adrenaline rush through she vein . howard ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we gotta get back inside . it 's not safe ! his voice be get closer . Michelle scan she option -- the wood -- fifty yard away . the barn -- twenty - five yard away . the farm house -- five yard away . howard ( cont 'd ) Michelle ! his voice just around the corner now . Michelle rush to the farm house 's back door , she foot churn up the muddy ground beneath she . she turn the handle . the door swing open . Howard come around the corner , catch a glimpse of the hazmat suit disappear inside the farm house . Howard glance down at nate 's corpse for a brief moment then he make for the house . int . farm house - mudroom - day Michelle spin the lock on the back door then peek out the small window next to it -- Howard approach , wrap head to toe in the wet blanket . Michelle reach down to she waistband for the gun . realize it 's on the inside of the hazmat suit . she grab the suit 's zipper when -- 86 . bam ! ext . farm house - back porch - continuous Howard throw himself into the back door again and again . the door hold . int . farm house - mudroom - continuous Zipper down , Michelle reach into the hazmat suit . she pull out the revolver . it slip in she glove hand . ext . farm house - back porch - continuous Howard stop , take a step back and kick hard just below the door handle . crack ! the door jamb splinter . int . farm house - mudroom - continuous Michelle try to thread she glove and shaking finger through the trigger . bam ! the back door fly OPEN . Howard stand in the doorway , he face all but hide beneath the wet blanket . Michelle spin -- the gun tumble out of she slippery glove , hit the ground near Howard 's foot . Michelle turn , bolt from the room . howard wait ! Howard pull the wet blanket from he face . he reach down and pick up the gun , shove it in he pocket . Howard push the door close behind he then follow Michelle 's muddy footprint out of the room . 87. int . farm house - kitchen - day Michelle rush into the kitchen , over to the counter where she start tear through the kitchen drawer . howard ( 0.s. ) ( yell from the hallway ) you be not safe ! michelle no shit ! Michelle fling aside a silverware tray -- she 's do with butter knife . she rip open another drawer . int . hallway - day down the long corridor , Howard close in -- watch Michelle move frantically in the kitchen with she back to he . howard I do not have a choice . you do not know nate like I do . he be dangerous ... I do it for we . int . kitchen - day Howard now visible in the hallway behind she . he move slowly , talk calmly . howard he be go to kill I . I have to protect myself . Michelle still root through drawer , look for something , anything she could use as a weapon . michelle you come to finish the job . Howard step into the kitchen . howard you do not have to love I . you do not even have to like I , but please . do not leave I . I do not want to be alone . i’1l never hurt you . you can trust I . michelle trust you ? you be a murderer . 88 . howard it be self - defense . michelle I do not believe you . Michelle stop search . she stand at the counter , freeze , but stay face the other way . michelleas Pov a refection in the rain -coat window -- Howard approach she from behind . int . kitchen - day Howard 's close enough to touch she . he reach out . howard I will not let you leave . Michelle spin -- a butcher 's knife grip in she hand . michelle you can not stop I ! the blade slice throw the wet blanket that cover Howard -- he stumble , fall to he ass , take the knife with he . Michelle bolt toward the rear stairway . Howard look down , a big slice through the wet blanket but the blade only graze he chest . Howard pull the gun from he pocket as he get to he foot . int . farm house - back stairwell - day Michelle race up the back stair . a cumbersome task in the oversize hazmat suit . she glance over she shoulder . Howard start up the stair behind she , revolver at he side . Michelle trip over the top step , stumble , steady herself on a large cabinet at the top of the landing . it wobble against the wall . 89 . Howard 's halfway up the stair behind she . she tug hard on the cabinet . it rock more . she pull on it again . it rock further . one more huge pull -- tipping point -- the cabinet crash down the stairwell , force Howard to retreat back down the stair . int . farm house - master bedroom - day Michelle hurry into the master bedroom . a cordless phone sit on the bedside table . she rip it out of its cradle -- but the battery 's dead . Michelle throw the phone . move to the window -- a two story drop to the ground below . her eye lock on the yellow pickup park against the barn . she open the window wide . rain blow in , patter off the carpete floor as Michelle lean out and look down at the muddy ground below . int . farm house - MAIN stairway - day Howard march up the main stairway , gun still in hand . int . farm house - master bedroom - day Howard stalk into the bedroom . he see the open window . he cross the room , look out the window -- no sign of Michelle . Howard turn back , look around the room -- the closet door be close . the bathroom door be half open . Howard slowly approach the closet -- he rip open the door -- it 's empty . Howard walk toward the bathroom . he push the door all the way open . 90 . he notice the shower curtain pull across the tub . he step into the -- bathroom Howard reach out , he grip the shower curtain -- he pull it aside and find -- michelle , a bottle of foam tile cleaner in she hand . she spray the cleaner into Howard 's face . he drop the revolver as he hand fly up to protect he eye , but the damage be do . he 's momentarily blind . Michelle lunge for the revolver . Howard grab for she but can not get a grip on the slippery hazmat suit . Michelle come up , gun in hand . she back toward the door as she get she finger through the trigger . Howard wipe he eye with the wet blanket that 's still wrap around he head . he squint , wipe some more . he manage to open they a bit . take a moment to focus -- Michelle stand in the bathroom doorway , gun train on he . Howard put he hand up . howard it 's not easy kill someone . pull that trigger be the hardest thing I have ever do ... Howard seem to get lose in a moment of think . howard ( cont 'd ) first real feel I have have since they take my daughter . Howard wipe he eye again . it 's hard to tell if the water drip from they be from the clean solution or from tear . michelle spare I you bullshit . I know you never have a kid . I also know you kill you wife . nate tell I . 91 . Howard stand there , a forlorn look on he face . howard and you believe he ? why ... michelle he do not run I off the road . he do not kidnap I and lock I in a cellar . he do not attack I . howard I save you . michelle stop with the fuck lie ! you be out here , walk around , breathe the air . you seem fine ... I mean , except for the fact that you be batshit crazy . howard it 's the rain . the rain must have wash that crap from the air . michelle you always have a answer . Howard stand there a beat , a torture look on he face -- howard Three year ago , I be drive home from a party . my wife be in the car with I . I be drunk . I lose control and hit a tree . my wife do not make it . his eye water up . howard ( cont 'd ) the state claim I be a unfit father . they fight to take my daughter , lily away . nate testify against I -- he lie , say he would see I hit she . all because he think I owed he some money . my in - law get custody . take lily with they to D.C. and I have not see she since . not sure I ever will again . Howard take a small step toward she . howard ( cont 'd ) I can not lose you too . 92 . Michelle raise the gun to he face . michelle stay the fuck away from I . another small step . howard you do not have it in you . Michelle start to lower the gun . Howard smile as he take another step . howard ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be okay . michelle I know it will . Michelle pull the trigger -- a bullet rip through Howard 's knee . he collapse , scream to the floor . Howard roll around in agonizing pain . Michelle turn and run out of the room . int . farm house - upstair hallway - day Michelle sprint toward the front stair . she slow when she see -- the entire stairway wall be fill with a collection of frame family photo from over the year -- different shot of Howard , a beautiful woman and a young girl . Michelle pause , stare at they , a million thought rush through she head . Howard 's scream snap she out of it . she continue down the step . ext . farm house - day Michelle run out the front door . she sprint across the muddy yard , past nate 's body . she reach the truck and pull open the door . she grab the key from a pocket on the inside of the hazmat suit . 93. Howard 's voice drift out the open window upstairs howard Michelle ! ... be careful . Michelle start to get in the truck , look over she shoulder and see the rotting pig flesh in the pen . she climb in the truck and close the door . ext . pickup - continuous the engine roar to life -- Michelle stomp on the gas -- mud fly across the yard as the tire spin . int . pickup - day the truck bounce along the pothole fill driveway . after a couple hundred yard , Michelle reach the road . she pull out onto the asphalt and floor the accelerator as rain splatter on the windshield . she reach down and turn on the old radio , scan the dial but only come up with static . maybe it 's bust . Michelle turn she eye back to the remote farm road as she pull up to a intersection . a sign direct she to chicago : 25 mile . ext . pickup - day the truck turn onto the two lane highway in the direction of chicago . the road be eerily empty . int . pickup - moment later Michelle come upon a fill station . she pull in , but it 's close . ext . filling station - continuous Michelle climb out of the truck and walk up to the fill station door , look in , knock . 94 . she walk around to the side of the building and see -- two pay phone . Michelle move to the first phone , lift the receiver . there 's no dial tone . she dial 9 - 1 - 1 anyway . nothing happen . she pick up the receiver on the second phone -- same problem . she flip the lever , try to get something . her gut be churn by this point . Michelle drop the receiver . she head back to the truck and climb in . int . pickup - later the rain have stop . Michelle have drive out of the storm . she speed up a hill , pass a road sign -- chicago : 10 mile . the road be still completely empty . just Michelle , the pickup and Michelle 's grow sense of forebode . the truck have almost reach the top of the hill . it 's clear there will be a vantage point as she crest . Michelle 's anticipation grow ... her heart thump ... her eye widen ... ext . pickup - continuous front angle the truck crest the hill . it slow , pull forward into a -- close up on michelle -- not breathe , a look of horror on she face . shock do not even begin to explain what she 's go through . michelle 's Pov the downtown chicago skyline - reduce to smoking rubble . 95 . int . pickup - day Michelle stare out at the decimation . her lip quiver . her heart pound . she slowly pull down the mask on the hazmat suit before take a breath . smash to black roll credit