ten thing I hate about you write by Karen mccullah lutz &amp ; kirsten Smith base on ' taming of the shrew " by William Shakespeare revision November 12 , 1997 padua high school - day welcome to padua High School , , you typical urban-suburban high school in Portland , Oregon . smarty , skid , preppies , granolas . loner , Lovers , the in and the out crowd rub sleep out of they eye and head for the main building . padua high parking lot - day kat stratford , eighteen , pretty -- but try hard not to be -- in a baggy granny dress and glass , balance a cup of coffee and a backpack as she climb out of she batter , baby blue ' 75 dodge dart . a stray skateboard clip she , cause she to stumble and spill she coffee , as well as the content of she backpack . the young rider dash over to help , tremble when he see who he board have hit . rider hey -- sorry . cower in fear , he attempt to scoop up she scattered belonging . kat leave it he persist . kat ( continue ) I say , leave it ! she grab he skateboard and use it to shove he against a car , skateboard tip to he throat . he whimper pitifully and she let he go . a path clear for she as she march through a pack of fearful student and slam open the door , enter school . int . girl ' room - day bianca stratford , a beautiful sophomore , stand face the mirror , apply lipstick . her less extraordinary , but still cute friend , chastity stand next to she . bianca do you change you hair ? chastity no . bianca you might wanna think about it leave the girl ' room and enter the hallway . hallway - day - continuous bianca be immediately greet by a admire crowd , both boy and girl alike . boy ( ador ) hey , bianca . girl awesome shoe . the greeting continue as chastity remain wordless and unaddress by she side . bianca smile proudly , acknowledge she fan . guidance counselor' office - day cameron jame , a clean - cut , easy - go senior with a open , farm - boy face , sit face miss perky , a impossibly cheery guidance counselor . miss perky I be sure you will not find padua any different than you old school . same little asswipe mother - fucker everywhere . her plastic smile never leave she face . cameron fidget in he chair uncomfortably . miss perky ( continue ) any question ? cameron I do not think so , mar 'am miss perky then go forth . scoot I have get deviant to see . cameron rise to leave and make eye contact with patrick verona , a sullen-look bad ass senior who wait outside ms perky 's door . his slouch and smirk let we know how cool he be . miss perky look down at she file and up at Patrick miss perky ( continue ) Patrick verona . I see we be make we visit a weekly ritual . she give he a wither glance . he answer with a charming smile . patrick I miss you . miss perky it say here you expose yourself to a group of freshmen girl . patrick it be a bratwurst . I be eat lunch . miss perky with the tooth of you zipper ? she motion for Patrick to enter she office and cameron shuffles out the door , bump into michael eckman , a lanky , brainy senior who will either end up a politician or game show host . michael you the new guy ? cameron so they tell I ... michael c'mon . I be suppose to give you the tour . they head out of the office michael ( continue ) so -- which dakota you from ? cameron North , actually . how would you ? michael I be kid . people actually live there ? cameron yeah . a couple . we be outnumber by the cow , though . michael how many people be in you old school ? cameron thirty-two . michael get out ! cameron how many people go here ? michael couple thousand . most of they evil int . hallway - day - continuous prom poster adorn the wall . Michael steer cameron through the crowd as he point to various clique . michael we have get you basic beautiful people . unless they talk to you first , do not bother . the beautiful people pass , in full jock / cheerleader splendor . michael ( continue ) that be you cowboy . several stetson -wear , big belt buckle . wrangler guy walk by . cameron that I be use to . michael yeah , but this guy have never see a horse . they just jack off to clint eastwood . they pass a espresso cart with a group of teens huddle around it . michael ( continue ) to the right , we have the coffee kid . very edgy . do not make any sudden movement around they . ext . school courtyard - day Michael continue the tour michael and this delusional be the White rastae . several white boy in dreadlock and jamaican knit beret lounge on the grass . a cloud of pot smoke hover above they michael ( continue ) Big marley fan . think they be black . semi-political , but mostly , they watch a lot of Wild Kingdom , if you know what I mean . Michael wave to derek , the one with the longest dread . michael ( continue ) derek - save some for after lunch , bub ? derek ( very stone ) Michael , my brother , peace cameron turn to follow Michael as they walk into the cafeteria . cameron so where do you fit in all this ? int . cafeteria - day - continuous loud music and loud student . Michael sit with a group of studious - look teens . michael future mbas - we be all ivy League , already accept . someday I will be sip merlot while that guy -- he point to the table of jock , as they torture various passer - by . michael ( continue ) be fix my saab . yuppie greed be back , my friend . he point proudly to the alligator on he shirt . cameron stop listen as bianca walk by , and we go slo mo . pure and perfect , she pass cameron and Michael without a look . cameron be smitten cameron that girl -- I -- michael you burn , you pine , you perish ? cameron who be she ? michael bianca stratford . sophomore . do not even think about it cameron why not ? michael I could start with you haircut , but it do not matter . she 's not allow to date until she older sister do . and that 's a impossibility . english CLASS - day a room full of bored senior doodle and scare off into space ms . blaise , the one-step - away - from-medication English teacher , try to remember what she 's talk about . mrs . blaise well , then . oh , yes . I guess that do it for we analysis of the Old man and the Sea . any other comment ? ( with dread ) kat ? kat , the girl we see as we enter the school , slowly cake off she glass and speak up . kat why do not we just read the hardy boy ? mrs . blaise I be sorry ? kat this book be about a guy and he fishing habit . not exactly a crucial topic . the other student roll they eye . kat ( continue ) frankly , I be baffle as to why we still revere hemingway . he be a abusive , alcoholic misogynist who have a lot of cat . joey dorsey , a well - muscle jock with great cheekbone , make fun of she from he row . joey as oppose to a bitter self - righteous hag who have no friend ? a few giggle . kat ignore he . a practice gesture mrs . blaise that 's enough , Mr. Dorsey . really get fire up now kat I guess the school board think because hemingway 's male and a asshole , he 's worthy of we time she look up at Ms. blaise , who be now fight with she pill box . kat ( continue ) what about Colette ? Charlotte bronte ? Simone de beauvoir ? Patrick , loung in he seat in the back row , elbow a crusty - look crony , identify by the name scurvy , embroider on he workshirt . patrick mother Goose ? the class titter . kat wear a expression of intolerance int . guidance counselor' office - day kat now sit before miss perky . miss perky katarina stratford . my , my . you have be terrorize Ms. blaise again . kat expressing my opinion be not a terrorist action . miss perky well , yes , compare to you other choice of expression this year , today 's event be quite mild . by the way , Bobby rictor 's gonad retrieval operation go quite well , in case you be interested . kat I still maintain that he kick himself in the ball . I be merely a spectator . miss perky the point be kat -- people perceive you as somewhat ... kat smile at she , dare she to say it . kat tempestuous ? miss perky no ... I believe " heinous bitch " be the term use most often . she grimace , as if she 's refer to a medical condition . miss perky ( continue ) you might want to work on that kat rise from she chair with a plastic smile match the counselor 's . kat as always , thank you for you excellent guidance . int . sophomore english CLASS - day bianca ignore the dron teacher as she write a note in big flow handwrite . teacher ( 0.s. ) I realize the language of Mr. Shakespeare make he a bit daunt , but I be sure you be all do you best . bianca fold the note and pass it behind she with a flip of she hair to chastity . chastity open the note and read : insert - " joey dorsey say hi to I in the hall ! oh ! my GOD ! " chastity frown to herself . teacher ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) Ms. stratford , do you care to comment on what you have read so far ? bianca look up and smile the smile of daddy 's little girl . bianca not really . the teacher shake she head , but let it go . mandella . a waif - like senior girl who sit off to the side try to slit she wrist with the plastic spiral on she notebook , look up and raise she hand . teacher mandella -- since you be assist we , you might as well comment . I be assume you read the assignment . mandella uh , yeah , I read it all teacher the whole play^ mandelia the whole folio . all the play . teacher ( disbely ) you have read every play by William Shakespeare ? mandella have not you ? she raise a challenging eyebrow . the stunne teacher do not answer and go to call on the next student . ext . school courtyard - day mandella and kat sit down in the quiet corner . they be eat a carton of yogurt with gusto . mandella you sister be so amazingly without . she will never read he . she have no idea . kat attack kat the fact that you be cut gym so you can t.a. sophomore English just to hear he name , be a little without in itself if you ask I . kat 's attention be catch by Patrick as he walk by with he friend , lighting up a cigarette . mandella notice she stare . mandella who 's that ? kat Patrick verona random skid . mandella that 's Pat verona ? the one who be go for a year ? I hear he be do porn movie . kat I be sure he 's completely incapable of do anything that interesting . mandella he always look so kat block E ? kat turn back to face mandella and force she yogurt into mandella 's hand . kat ( continue ) mandella , eat . starve yourself be a very slow way to die . mandella just a little . she eat . kat see she wrist kat what 's this ? mandella a attempt slit . kat stare at she , expressionless . kat I realize that the man of this fine institution be severely lack , but kill yourself so you can be with William Shakespeare be beyond the scope of normal teenage obsession . you be venture far past daytime talk show fodder and enter the world of that who need very expensive therapy . mandella but imagine the thing he would say during sex . thinks a minute kat okay , say you do it . you kill yourself , you end up in wherever you end up and he 's there . do you really think he 's gonna wanna dace a ninety pound compulsive who fail volleyball ? mandella 's attention be strike by bianca across the courtyard as she and chastity parade by joey and he cohort one of the cohort elbow joey . cohort virgin alert . joey look up and smile at bianca . joey lookin ' good , lady . bianca smile she coyest of smile . back to kat and mandella still watch . mandella tragic . do not respond another angle Michael and cameron observe joey 's leer at bianca from they bench in another corner . Cowboys eat cue of a can of bean linger on the grass behind they . cameron why do girl like that always like guy like that ? michael because they be breed to . they mother like guy like that , and they grandmother before they . they gene pool be rarely dilute . cameron he always have that shit -eate grin ? michael joey Dorsey ? Perma-shit-grin . I wish I could say he 's a moron , but he 's number twelve in the class . and a model . mostly regional stuff , but he 's rumor to have a big tube sock ad come out . the bell ring , and the cowboy stand and spit into they empty bean can . cameron and Michael rise as cameron try to catch a glimpse of bianca as she walk back inside . michael ( continue ) you know french ? cameron sure do ... my Mom 's from Canada michael guess who just sign up for a tutor ? cameron you mean I would get a chance to talk to she ? michael you could consecrate with she , my friend . cameron watch as bianca flounce back into the building . ext . school parking lot - day kat and mandella walk toward kat 's car . joey pull up beside she in he viper . joey ( be she dress ) the vintage look be over , kat . have not you be read you sassy ? kat yeah , and I notice the only part of you feature in you big kmart spread be you elbow . tough break . joey ( practically spitting ) they be run the rest of I next month . he zoom away as kat yank open the door of she dart . mandella tie a silk scarf around she head , as if they be in a convertible . kat the people at this school be so incredibly foul . mandella you could always go with I . I be sure William have some friend . they watch joey 's car as he slow next to bianca and chastity as they walk toward the school bus . on bianca and chastity joey need a ride , lady ? bianca and chastity can not get in joey 's car fast enough . he pull away with a smile . back to kat and mandella mandella lower she sunglass to watch . mandella that 's a charming new development kat do not answer , but reach over and put a tape in the tape deck . the sound of joyful punk rock fill the car . as they pull out , Michael cross in front of they on he mope . kat have to slam the brake to keep from hit he kat ( yell ) remove head from sphincter ! then pedal ! Michael begin fearfully , pedale as kat peel out , angry at the delay . cameron rush over cameron you all right ? he slow to a stop michael yeah , just a minor encounter with the shrew . cameron that 's she ? bianca 's sister ? michael the mewl , rampalian wretch herself . Michael putter off , leave cameron dodging Patrick 's grimy , grey Jeep -- a vehicle several year and many paint job away from its former glory as a regulation mail truck - - as he sideswipe several car on he way out of the lot . int . stratford house - day sharon stratford , attractive and focus , sit in front of she computer , type quickly . a shelf next to she hold several bodice- ripper romance novel , bear she name . kat stand behind she , read over she shoulder as she type . kat " undulating with desire , adrienne remove she crimson cape , revealing she creamy -- " walter stratford , a blustery , mad scientist - type obstetrician , enter through the front door , wear a doctor 's white jacket and carry he black bag . walter I hope dinner 's ready because I only have ten minute before Mrs. Johnson squirt out a screamer . he grab the mail and rifle through it , as he bend down to kiss Sharon on the cheek . sharon in the microwave . walter ( to kat ) make anyone cry today ? kat sadly , no . but it 's only four-thirty . bianca walk in . kat ( continue ) where have you be ? bianca ( eyeing walter ) nowhere ... hi , daddy . she kiss he on the cheek walter hello , precious . walter kiss bianca back as kat head up the stair kat how touch . walter hold up a letter to kat walter what 's this ? it say Sarah lawrence ? snatch it away from he . kat I guess I get in Sharon look up from she computer . sharon what 's a synonym for throbbing ? walter Sarah lawrence be on the other side of the country . kat I know . walter I think we decide you be go to school here . at U of 0 . kat you decide . bianca be there even a question that we want she to stay ? kat give bianca a evil look then smile sweetly at kat ask bianca who drive she home sharon swollen ... turgid . walter ( to bianca ; upset ) who drive you home ? bianca glare at kat then turn to walter bianca now do not get upset . daddy , but there 's this boy ... and I think he might ask ... walter no ! you be not dating until you sister start dating . end of discussion . bianca what if she never start dating ? walter then neither will you . and I will get to sleep at night . bianca but it 's not fair -- she 's a mutant , daddy ! kat this from someone whose diary be devote to favorite groom tip ? walter enough ! he pull out a small tape recorder from he black bag . walter ( continue ) do you know what this be ? he hit the " play ' button and shriek of pain emanate from the tape recorder . bianca and walter ( in unison , by rote ) the sound of a fifteen - year - old in labor . walter this be why you be not dating until you sister do . bianca but she do not want to date . walter exactly my point his beeper go off and he grab he bag again walter ( continue ) Jesus ! can a man even grab a sandwich before you woman start dilating ? sharon tumescent ! walter ( to Sharon ; as he leave ) you be not help . int . tutoring room - day cameron sit with a empty chair beside he . bianca arrive in a flurry of blonde hair . bianca can we make this quick ? roxanne korrine and Andrew Barrett be have a incredibly horrendous public break - up on the quad . again . cameron well , I think we would start with pronunciation , if that 's okay with you . bianca not the hack and gag and spitting part . please . cameron ( look down ) okay ... then how ' bout we try out some french cuisine . Saturday ? night ? bianca smile slowly bianca you be ask I out . that 's so cute . what 's you name again ? cameron ( embarrassed ) forget it . bianca seize a opportunity . bianca no , no , it 's my fault -- we do not have a proper introduction --- cameron cameron . bianca the thing be , cameron -- I be at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser . my sister . I can not date until she do . cameron seem like she could get a date easy enough ... she finger a lock of she hair . he look on , dazzle . bianca the problem be , she 's completely anti-social . cameron why ? bianca unsolved mystery . she use to be really popular when she start high school , then it be just like she get sick of it or something . cameron that 's a shame . she reach out and touch he arm bianca gosh , if only we could find kat a boyfriend ... cameron let I see what I can do . cameron smile , have no idea how stupid he be int . biology CLASS a frog be be tear asunder by several prong and pick . Michael and cameron go for the spleen . michael you be in school for one day and you ask out the most beautiful girl ? do you have no concept of the high school social code ? cameron grin away cameron I teach she french , get to know she , dazzle she with charm and she fall in love with I . michael unlikely , but even so , she still can not go out with you . so what 's the point ? cameron motion with he head toward Patrick , a few lab table away . he 's wear biker glass instead of goggle as he try to revive he frog . cameron what about he ? michael ( confuse ) you wanna go out with he ? the other at the lab table raise they eyebrow cameron ( impatient ) no - he could wrangle with the sister . Michael smile . like the intrigue . michael what make you think he will do it ? cameron he seem like he thrive on danger michael no kid . he 's a criminal . I hear he light a state trooper on fire . he just get out of alcatraz ... cameron they always let felon sit in on honor biology ? michael I be serious , man , he 's whacked . he sell he own liver on the black market so he could buy new speaker . cameron forget he reputation . do you think we have get a plan or not ? michael do she actually say she would go out with you ? cameron that 's what I just say Michael process this . michael you know , if you do go out with bianca , you would be set . you would outrank everyone . strictly a-list . with I by you side . cameron I think you hate that people . michael hey -- I have gotta have a few client when I get to Wall Street . a cowboy flick the frog 's heart into one of the coffee kid 's latte . cameron press on , over the melee . cameron so now all we gotta do be talk to he . he point to Patrick , who now make he frog hump another frog , with full - on sound effect . michael I will let you handle that . int . woodshop - day boy and a few stray girl nail they piece of wood Michael sit next to pepe , a coffee kid , who hold out he jacket like the man who sell watch in the subway . Inside several bag of coffee hang from hook . pepe some people like the colombian , but it all depend on you acidity preference . I ? I prefer East African and Indonesian . you start the day with a Sumatra boengie or maybe and ethiopian sidamo in you cup , you be that much farther ahead than someone drinkin' cosia rican or kona -- you know what I mean ? Michael nod solemnly . across the room Patrick sit at a table with scurvy , make something that look like a machete out of a two - by-four . cameron approach , full of good - nature farm boy cheer cameron hey , there in response , Patrick brandish a loud power tool in he direction . cameron slink away . cameron ( continue ) later , then . Michael watch , shaking he head . int . cafeteria - day joey and he pal take turn draw boob onto a cafeteria tray with a magic marker . Michael walk up and sit between they , casual as can be michael hey . joey be you lose ? michael nope - just come by to chat joey we do not chat . michael well , actually , I think I would run a idea by you . you know , just to see if you be interested . joey we be not . he grab Michael by the side of the head , and proceed to draw a penis on he cheek with the magic marker . Michael suffer the indignity and speak undaunted . michael ( grimace ) hear I out . you want bianca do not you ? joey sit back and cackle at he draw . michael ( continue ) but she can not go out with you because she sister be this insane head case and no one will go out with she . right ? joey do this conversation have a purpose ? michael so what you need to do be recruit a guy who will go out with she . someone who 's up for the job . Michael point to Patrick , who make a disgust face at he turkey pot pie before he rise and throw it at the garbage can , rather than in it . joey that guy ? I hear he eat a live duck once . everything but the beak and the foot . michael exactly joey turn to look at Michael . joey what 's in it for you ? michael oh , hey , nothin ' man purely good will on my part . he rise to leave and turn to the other . michael ( continue ) I have a dick on my face , do not I ? int . boy' room - day Michael stand at the sink , try to scrub joey 's artwork off he face as cameron watch . cameron you get he involved ? michael like we have a choice ? besides -- when you let the enemy think he 's orchestrate the battle , you be in a position of power . we let he pretend he 's call the shot , and while he 's busy set up the plan , you have time to woo bianca . cameron grin and put a arm around he cameron you be one brilliant guy Michael pull back , notice other guy filing in . michael hey - I appreciate gratitude as much as the next guy , but it 's not gonna do you any good to be know as New kid who embrace guy in the bathroom . cameron pull back and attempt to posture himself in a manly way for the other , now watch . int . kenny' thai food diner - day kat and mandella pick apart they pad thai . mandella be smoking . kat so he have this huge raging fit about Sarah lawrence and insist that I go to he male - dominate , puke frat boy , number one golf team school . I have no say at all . mandella William would never have go to a state school . kat William do not even go to high school mandella that 's never be prove kat neither have he heterosexuality . mandella reply with a look of ice . kat use the moment to stub out mandella 's cigarette . kat ( continue ) I appreciate you effort toward a speedy death , but I be consume . ( point at she food ) do you mind ? mandella do it matter ? kat if I be bianca , it would be , " any school you want , precious . do not forget you tiara . " they both look up as Patrick enter . he walk up to the counter to place he order . mandella lean toward kat with the glow of fresh gossip mandella Janice parker tell I he be a roadie for Marilyn Manson . Patrick nod at they as he take he food outside . kat Janice parker be a idiot int . miss perky's office - day Patrick sit before miss perky , eat he thai food miss perky ( look at chart ) I do not understand , Patrick . you have not do anything asinine this week . be you not feel well ? patrick touch of the flu . miss perky I be at a loss , then . what should we talk about ? you year of absence ? he smile he charming smile patrick how ' bout you sex life ? she tolerate he comment with she wither glance . miss perky why do not we discuss you drive need to be a hemorrhoid ? patrick what 's to discuss ? miss perky you be not abuse , you be not stupid , and as far as I can tell , you be only slightly psychotic -- so why be it that you be such a fuck -up ? patrick well , you know -- there 's the prestige of the job title ... and the benefit package be pretty good ... the bell ring . miss perky Fine . go do something repugnant and give we something to talk about next week . int . tutoring room - day several pair of tutor and student sit at the various desk . mandella sit with trevor , a White rasta . she attempt to get he to do geometry , but he stare at she , as if smitten mandella look , it 's really easy . trevor you be a freedom fighter . be proud , sister . mandella set down she pencil and close the book . mandella ( rotely ) it 's mandella with two l' . I be not related to Nelson mandela . I be not a political figure . I do not live in South Africa . my parent just spend a few too many acid trip think they be revolutionary . trevor but you freed we people mandella you " people " be white , suburban high school boy who smoke too much hemp . I have not freed you , trevor. ( grab he arm dramatically ) only you can free yourself . across the room bianca and cameron sit side by side , cozy as can be bianca c'esc mar tete . this be my head cameron right . see ? you be ready for the quiz . bianca I do not want to know how to say that though . I want to know useful thing . like where the good store be . how much do champagne cost ? stuff like Chat . I have never in my life have to point out my head to someone . cameron that 's because it 's such a nice one . bianca forget french . she shut she book and put on a seductive smile bianca ( continue ) how be we little find the wench a date plan progress ? cameron well , there 's someone I think might be -- bianca 's eye light up bianca show I int . hallway - day cameron and bianca lean against the wall - inconspicuously . bianca play it cool . bianca give I a sign when he walk by . and do not point . the bell ring . kid flood past . then Patrick saunter by with scurvy . cameron nudge bianca . cameron there . bianca where ? out of desperation , cameron awkwardly lunge across Patrick 's path . Patrick shove he back against the wall without a think . cameron land in a thud at bianca 's foot . cameron I guess he do not see I ( call after Patrick ) some other time -- bianca watch Patrick , a wick gleam in she eye . bianca my God , he 's repulsive . he 's so perfect ! int . gym CLASS - day several volleyball game be be play . joey and a member of he hulk entourage , approach Patrick , who still manage to look cool , even in gym clothes . they pull he aside roughly . patrick ( shrugging they off ) what ? joey point joey see that girl ? Patrick follow he line of vision to kat as she spike the ball into some poor cowboy 's face . patrick yeah joey what do you think ? kat win the game and high fives the other , who be scared of she . patrick two leg , nice rack ... joey yeah , whatever . I want you to go out with she . patrick sure , sparky . I will get right on it . joey you just say patrick you need money to take a girl out joey but you would go out with she if you have the cake ? Patrick stare at joey deadpan . his dislike for the guy obvious . patrick ( sarcastic ) yeah , I would take she to Europe if I have the plane . joey smile . joey you get it , verona . I pick up the tab , you do the honors . patrick you be gonna pay I to take out some girl ? joey I can not date she sister until that one get a boyfriend . and that 's the catch . she do not want a boyfriend . patrick how much ? joey twenty buck each time you take she out . patrick I can not take a girl like that out on twenty buck . joey Fine , thirty . Patrick raise a eyebrow , urging he up joey ( continue ) take it or leave it . this be not a negotiation . patrick fifty , and you have get you man . Patrick walk away with a smile ext . field hockey field - day kat and the rest of the team go through a grueling practice session . kat spare no one as she whip the ball all over the field . Patrick sit on the bleacher nearby , watch . a cigarette dangle from he mouth . his pal , scurvy be next to he . mr. chapin , the coach , blow the whistle . mr. chapin ( proudly ) good run , stratford . kat nod in response , and the girl leave the field . Patrick hop down to follow . patrick hey. girlie . kat stop and turn slowly to look at he . patrick ( continue ) I mean wo-man . how ya doin ' ? kat ( smile brightly ) sweating like a pig , actually . and yourself ? patrick there 's a way to get a guy 's attention . kat my mission in life . she stand there undaunted , hand on hip . kat ( continue ) obviously , I have strike you fancy . so , you see , it work . the world make sense again . Patrick 's eye narrow . he step closer . patrick pick you up Friday , then kat oh , right . Friday . patrick back up a little . he use he most seductive tone patrick the night I take you to place you have never be before . and back . kat like where ? the 7 - eleven on burnside ? do you even know my name , screwboy ? patrick I know a lot more than that kat stare at he . kat doubtful . very doubtful . she walk away quickly , leave he stand alone . patrick ( call after she ) you be no bargain either , sweetheart . scurvy appear at he side scurvy so I guess the Jeep will not be get a new blaupunkt . across the field cameron and Michael watch . michael he take the bait . stratford house / bathroom - night kat wash she face at the sink . bianca appear behind she , and attempt to twist kat 's hair into a chignon . she wack bianca away . bianca have you ever consider a new look ? I mean , seriously , you could have some potential bury under all this hostility . kat push past she into the hallway . kat I have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do not get out of my way . bianca can you at least start wear a bra ? kat slam she door in response . int . hallway - day Patrick , scurvy and some other random head for the exit scurvy you up for a burger ? Patrick look in he wallet . it 's empty . int . hallway - day kat stand at she locker , gather she book . Patrick appear at she side , smile . patrick hey kat do not answer patrick ( continue ) you hate I do not you ? kat I do not really think you warrant that strong a emotion . patrick then say you will spend dollar night at the track with I . kat and why would I do that ? patrick come on -- the pony , the flat beer , you with money in you eye , I with my hand on you ass ... kat you -- cover in my vomit . patrick seven-thirty ? she slam she locker shut and walk away ext . downtown STREET - night kat emerge from a music store carry a bag of CD in she tooth , and fumble through she purse with both hand . she find she key and pull they out with a triumphant tug . she look up and find Patrick sit on the hood of she car patrick Nice ride . vintage fender . kat take the bag out of she mouth . kat be you follow I ? patrick I be in the laundromat . I see you car . think I would say hi . kat hi she get in and start the car . patrick you be not a big talker , be you ? kat depend on the topic . my fender do not really whip I into a verbal frenzy . she start to pull out , and be block by joey 's viper , which pull up perpendicular to she rear and park . joey and he groupy emerge and head for the liquor store kat ( continue ) hey -- do you mind ? joey not at all they continue on into the store . kat stare at they in disbelief ... then back up her vintage fender crash into the door of joey 's precious viper . Patrick watch with a delighted grin joey race out of the liquor store . joey ( continue ) you fuck bitch ! kat pull forward and back into he car again . smiling sweetly . int . stratford house - night walter pace as kat sit calmly on the couch . walter my insurance do not cover pms kat then tell they I have a seizure . walter be this about Sarah lawrence ? you punish I ? kat I think you be punish I . walter why can not we agree on this ? kat because you be make decision for I . walter as a parent , that 's my right kat so what I want do not matter ? walter you be eighteen . you do not know what you want . you will not know until you be forty - five and you do not have it . kat ( emphatic ) I want to go to a East Coast school ! I want you to trust I to make my own choice . I want -- walter 's beeper go off walter Christ ! I want a night to go by that I be not stare a contraction in the face . he walk out , leave kat stewing on the couch . int . hallway - day Patrick shut he graffiti-encrusted locker , revealing joey 's angry visage , glower next to he . joey when I shell out fifty , I expect result . patrick I be on it joey watch the bitch trash my car do not count as a date . patrick I get she under control . she just act craze in public to keep up the image . joey see through the bluff joey let I put it to you this way , if you do not get any action , I do not get any action . so get you ass on hers by the end of the week . joey start to walk off patrick I just upped my price joey ( turn ) what ? patrick a hundred buck a date . joey forget it . patrick forget she sister , then . joey think for a frustrated moment , punch the locker , then peel another fifty out of he wallet with a menace scowl . joey you better hope you be as smooth as you think you be , verona . Patrick take the money with a smile . int . tutoring room - day cameron run a sentence past bianca . cameron La copine et I 'ami ? La diferance ? bianca glare at he . bianca a " copine " be someone you can count on . a " ami " be someone who make promise he can not keep . cameron close the french book cameron you get something on you mind ? bianca I count on you to help my cause . you and that thug be obviously fail . be not we ever go on we date ? he melt cameron you have my word . as a gentleman bianca you be sweet . she touch he hand . he blushes at she praise and watch she toss she hair back cameron ( appreciative ) how do you get you hair to look like that ? bianca eber 's deep conditioner every two day . and I never , ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment . cameron nod with interest . cameron you know , I read a article about that . bianca look surprised . bianca you do ? int . boy' room - day Patrick stand at the sink , wash he hand Michael and cameron cower in the corner , watch he . patrick ( without turn around ) say it michael ( clear he throat ) what ? patrick whatever the hell it be you be standin ' there waitin ' to say . cameron bravely step forward cameron we want to talk to you about the plan . Patrick turn toward they . patrick what plan ? michael the situation be , my man cameron here have a major jone for bianca stratford . patrick what be it with this chick ? she have three tit ? cameron start to object , but Michael hold up a hand . michael I think I speak correctly when I say that cameron 's love be pure . purer than say -- joey Dorsey 's . patrick Dorsey can plow whoever he want . I be just in this for the cash . cameron start choke at the think of joey plow he beloved bianca . michael that 's where we can help you . with kat . patrick so Dorsey can get the girl ? michael Patrick , Pat , you be not look at the big picture . joey 's just a pawn . we set this whole thing up so cameron can get the girl . Patrick smile . he like the idea of joey be a pawn in this game . patrick you two be gonna help I tame the wild beast ? michael ( grin ) we be you guy . cameron and he mean that strictly in a non - prison - movie type of way . patrick yeah -- we will see . he swing the door open and exit , leave Michael and cameron grin at each other . michael we be in . int . classroom - day cu on a party invitation as it get hand out . " future Princeton grad bogey lowenstein proudly present a Saturday night bash at he abode . casual attire " . Michael hold the invitation up to cameron . cameron this be it . a golden opportunity . Patrick can ask katarina to the party . michael in that case , we will need to make it a school - wide blow out . cameron will bogey get bent ? michael be you kid ? he will piss himself with joy . he 's the ultimate kiss ass . cafeteria - day Michael hand a jock the party invite as they pass each other at the trash can . int . gym CLASS - day the jock call a fellow jock int . math CLASS - day jock whisper to a cheerleader courtyard - day the cheerleader call a White rasta that she 's make out with , show he the invite . track - day the White rasta tell a cowboy as they run lap during track practice . int . shower - day the cowboy cell a coffee kid , as he shield he java from the spray of the shower . int . hallway - day joey stand ac he open locker with bianca . the locker be a homage to joey 's " modeling " career . cheesy print ads of he -- run in a field of daisy , petting a kitten , etc . -- adorn the locker door . joey which do you like better ? insert - headshot of joey . in one , he 's pout in a white shirt . in the other , he 's pout in a black shirt . bianca I think I like the white shirt joey nod thoughtfully . joey it 's more bianca expensive ? joey exactly ( beat ) so , you go to bogey lowenbrau 's thing on Saturday ? bianca hopefully . he give she he best flirtatious smile joey good , ' cause I be not gonna bother if you will not be there . he tap she on the nose and she giggle int . tutoring room bianca sit across from cameron , who 's transfix , as always bianca have you hear about bogey lowenstein 's party ? cameron sure have . bianca ( pout ) I really , really , really wanna go , but I can not . not unless my sister go . cameron I be workin ' on it . but she do not seem to be goin ' for he . he fish . cameron ( continue ) she 's not a ... bianca lesbian ? no . I find a picture of Jared leto in one of she drawer , so I be pretty sure she 's not harbor same - sex tendency . cameron so that 's the kind of guy she like ? pretty one ? bianca who know ? all I have ever hear she say be that she would dip before dating a guy that smoke . cameron furiously take note cameron all right . what else be she partial to ? int . dive bar - night Patrick play pool with some random deviant croney . he look up when he hear a commotion at the door . lou the bouncer be in the midst of throw Michael and cameron out . patrick Lou , it 's okay . they be with I . Lou look at Patrick , surprised , then reluctantly let we two non-deviant pass through . Patrick guide they to a table and sip from a beer . patrick ( continue ) what have you get for I ? cameron I have retrieve certain piece of information on miss katarina stratford I think you will find helpful . cameron pull out a piece of paper . michael ( to Patrick ) one question before we start -- should you be drink alcohol when you do not have a liver ? patrick what ?! michael good enough . cameron look up at Patrick . cameron number one . she hate smoker michael it 's a lung cancer issue cameron her favorite uncle michael Dead at forty -one . Patrick sit up patrick be you tell I I be a - ( spit the word out ) " non -smoker " ? michael just for now . cameron another thing . bianca say that kat like -- pretty guy . this be meet with silence . then : patrick what ? you do not think I be pretty ? Michael smack cameron michael he 's pretty ! cameron okay ! I be not sure cameron go back to the list . cameron ( continue ) okay -- like : thai food , feminist prose , and " angry , stinky girl music of the indie-rock persuasion " . patrick so what do that give I ? I be suppose to buy she some noodle and a book and sit around listen to chick who can not play they instrument ? michael ever be to Club skunk ? patrick yeah . cameron gigglepuss be play there tomorrow night . patrick do not make I do it , man michael assail you ear for one night . cameron it 's she favorite band . Patrick groan michael I also retrieve a list of she most recent CD purchase , courtesy of american Express . he hand it over . patrick ( smile ) Michael -- do you get this information " illegally " ? Michael put a finger to he lip . michael I prefer to think of it simply as a alternative to what the law allow . patrick I be likin ' you guy better he look down at the list of CD . patrick ( continue ) this be really music ? int . kat be room - night music blare in a room with minimalist decor splash with indie rock band poster and flyer . kat and mandella dance as they dress and apply make - up bianca enter , interrupt they fun . bianca can you turn down the scream menstrual bitches ? I be try to study . kat do not move , so bianca cross to the stereo , turn down the volume . bianca ( continue ) do not tell I you be actually go out ? on a school night , no less . kat shoot she a glare bianca ( continue ; excited ) oh my God , do this mean you be become normal ? kat it mean that gigglepuss be play at Club skunk and we be go . bianca ( disappointed ) oh , I think you might have a date ( beat ) I do not know why I be bother to ask , but be you go to bogey lowenstein 's party Saturday night ? kat what do you think ? bianca I think you be a freak . I think you do this to torture I . and I think you suck . she smile sweetly and shut the door behind she . kat do not bat a eye . she grab she purse and open the door kat let 's hit it . ext . club skunk - night a happy black and white neon skunk spray fine mist on the line of kid below . int . club foyer - night kat and mandella walk in , mandella nervously pull out she fake id . the giant , afroed bouncer , bruce , look typically mono-syllabic . mandella ( whisper to kat ) you think this will work ? kat no fear . they approach Bruce . kat put on she happy , shiny face kat ( continue ) hello ! we would like two for gigglepuss ! Bruce look the girl up and down . bruce I can count . he look at they id . mandella gently move kat aside , wear a face that could only be describe as " I am a Victoria 's secret model . " mandella I will bet you can .. she stick out she chest and lick she lip . Bruce stare at she deadpan and hand she back the id . bruce go ahead . ( to mandella ) and you mandella ( all come hither ) yes ? bruce take it easy on the guy in there . mandella wink at he and sashays inside kat : follow behind , shaking she head . ext . club skunk - night Patrick 's mail truck clatter to a stop out front . int . club foyer - night Patrick walk up to Bruce , who 's frisk a badly mowhawk pierce eyebrow boy . Bruce pull a switchblade out of the boy 's inside pocket . bruce next time , leave the bic at home , skippy . skippy it 's a bottle opener . Bruce push he inside the club , then see Patrick . bruce verona , my man . they shake . patrick always a pleasure , brucie . bruce do not have you peg for a gigglepuss fan . be not they a little too pre-teen belly - button ring for you ? patrick fan of a fan . you see a couple of minor come in ? bruce never patrick padua girl . one tall , decent body . the other one kinda short and undersex ? bruce just send them through . Patrick start to go in bruce ( continue ) hey -- what happen to that chick you bring last time ? the one with the snake ? Patrick laugh and go into the club int . club - night onstage , the all - female band gigglepuss be parlay they bad girl sass into a rip punk number . near the stage be a joyful mass of pogo- teens at the bar Patrick belly up and look around the club . gigglepuss finish a song . lead singer hello , out there . we be gigglepuss and we be from olympia . a teenage boy in the audience take the opportunity to scream . boy ( 0.s. ) Pet my kitty ! lead singer meow they rev into they next song . near the stage mandella and kat glow with sweat . when they hear the open chord of the song , they look at each other and scream with glee as they begin to dance . they could not be have a better time . at the bar Patrick signal to get the bartender 's attention and look across the bounce surge of the crowd . he spot kat and mandella sing along . he Pov the gleeful kat -- dance and look completely at ease . none of she usual " attitude " . Patrick be transfix . and most definitely attract . near the stage kat look at mandella . kat ( shouting ) I need agua ! she make she way through the crowd to the bar . at the bar she make it . she signal for the bartender and as she 's wait , look around . she spot Patrick a few foot away kat ( continue to herself ) shit she sneak a glance . he 's stare , but this time he look away before she can . despite herself , she 's miff . the bartender arrive bartender ( shouting ) what can I get you ? kat two water . she look at Patrick again . he 's completely absorb in the band . she scowl . the bottled water arrive and she march off , forget to pay . she walk up to Patrick . kat ( continue ) you be not fool anyone . Patrick look at she , surprised patrick ( yell ) hey . great show , huh ? kat ( yell ) if you be plan on ask I out you might as well get it over with . patrick ( yell ) Excuse I ? kat ( yell ) that 's what you want , be not it ? patrick ( yell ; gesture toward the band ) do you mind ? you be sort of ruin it for I . kat steam . and watch he watch the band kat ( yell ) you be not surround by you usual cloud of smoke . the band take a break , so they can stop yell now patrick I know . I quit . he lean back , make no attempt to hit on she . she move closer . kat oh , really ? he motion toward the stage patrick you know , this guy be no bikini kill or the raincoat , but they be right up there . kat you know who the raincoat be ? patrick why , do not you ? she 's completely take aback . he use the moment to he advantage and brushes she hair back as he speak right into she ear . patrick ( continue ) I watch you out there I have never see you look like that kat step away , brush the hair back that he just touch her cheek pinken . his cocky side be back in a flash patrick ( continue ) come to that party with I . at that moment , the band start another song kat ( yell ) what ? the bartender approach . bartender ( to kat , yell ) you forget to pay ! patrick ( yell ) I get it , Rick . he toss some bill on the bar Rather than thank he , kat simply watch he , try to figure out he motive . patrick ( continue ; yell ) nine-thirty then . a few people have get between they at the bar and she can not hear a word he 's say . she give he one last look and head back into the crowd . Patrick smile . she do not say no this time . ext . club skunk - night the crowd file out of the club , kat and mandella amongst they . a^ they be walk toward the parking lot , Patrick coast by in he truck . the gear grind . he yell out the window . mandella what would he say ? kat who care ? mandella watch kat as she stare after Patrick mandella have he importun' you with love in honourable fashion ? kat glance sharply at she . mandella ( continue ; off she look ) do not be cruella with I . I be in favor of romance . you be the one that want to march on Washington every five minute . kat poke she , then look back at the club dreamily . kat gigglepuss be so beyond . mandella nod . mandella they be . I only wish William could have be here to witness the rebirth of punk rock with we . kat link she arm through mandella 's and they head for the car . kat so true . int . hallway - day cameron and Michael be at Michael 's locker . cameron so , then she say that she almost do not wear the Kenneth cole with that dress because she think she be mixing , you know , genre . and the fact that I notice -- and I be quote here - " really mean something . " cameron look at Michael expectantly michael you tell I that part already . cameron Hell , I have just be go over the whole thing in my head and - joey appear over cameron 's shoulder . joey hey . dingo boingo cameron and Michael look at each other and turn around slowly joey ( continue ; to Michael ) I hear you be helpin' verona . michael uh , yeah . we be old friend * joey you and verona ? michael what ? we take bathes together when we be kid . it 's incredibly obvious that he 's lie . joey eye he then turn to cameron . joey what 's you gig in all this ? cameron I be just the new guy . joey turn back to Michael , grab the alligator on he shirt and twist it . joey you better not fuck this up . I be heavily invest . michael hey -- it 's all for the higher good right ? joey let go of Michael and shove cameron against a locker for good measure , as he walk away - cameron be it about I ? ext . miss perky's office - day kat sit outside wait for she appointment , bored and annoyed . the door open and miss perky escort Patrick out miss perky you be completely dement . patrick ( cheery ) see you next week ! kat stand and Patrick see she . miss perky watch in horror miss perky you two know each other ? patrick / kat yeah / no. miss perky grab kat and shove she into she office . miss perky ( to Patrick ) dear God , stay away from she . if you two ever decide to breed , evil would truly walk the earth . Patrick give kat one last look before the door shut , then smile - ext . stratford house - night the light be on , illuminate the yard int . stratford house / upstair hallway - night bianca and chastity stand outside kat 's room . music be blaring and the door be shut . bianca look at she watch bianca she 's obviously not go . int . live room - night across the carpet , two pair of teenage girl foot sneak past . bianca and chastity , teddy bear purse in hand . from the kitchen a rustling be hear . the girl freeze . walter emerge from the kitchen with a mile-high sandwich the girl be like statue . walter jump . bianca daddy , I -- walter and where be you go ? bianca if you must know , we be attempt to go to a small study group of friend . walter otherwise know as a orgy ? bianca it 's just a party . daddy , but I know you would forbid I to go since " gloria steinem " over there be not go -- she point to kat -- walkman blaring -- who come downstairs , wear a baby tee and batter Levis . her relax - at-home look be about 400 time sexier than she at - school look . she wander toward the kitchen . walter direct he attention toward kat . walter do you know about any party ? katarina ? kat shrug as she come back out of the kitchen with a apple bianca daddy , people expect I to be there ! walter if kat 's not go , you be not go . bianca turn to kat , eye ablaze bianca you be ruin my life ' because you will not be normal , I can not be normal . kat what 's normal ? bianca bogey lowenstein 's party be normal , but you be too busy listen to bitches who need prozac to know that . walter what 's a bogey lowenstein ? kat take off she earphone , ready to do battle bianca can not you forget for just one night that you be completely wretch ? kat at least I be not a cloute fen - suck hedge- pig . bianca toss she hair . bianca like I be suppose to know what that even mean . kat it 's Shakespeare . maybe you have hear of he ? bianca yeah , he 's you freak friend mandella 's boyfriend . I guess since I be not allow to go out , I should obsess over a dead guy , too . walter Girls kat stare bianca down kat I know about the goddamn party . I be go . bianca and chastity look at each other , thrilled , and burst into gleeful scream . a startle walter clutches bianca in a protective hug . walter oh , God . it 's start . bianca it 's just a party . daddy . walter look daze . walter wear the belly before you go . bianca daddy , no ! walter just for a minute he rush to a cupboard and pull out a padded faux - pregnancy belly . walter ( continue ) I want you to realize the weight of you decision . he hang the belly on she as she stand mortify . bianca you be so completely unbalance . kat can we go now ? scan by http://freemoviescripts.com format by http://simplyscripts.home.att.net walter ( to bianca ) promise I you will not talk to any boy unless you sister be present . bianca why ? walter because she will scare they away . kat stomp to the door , grab she car key off the hall table and a sweater from the coat rack . she fling open the door and ... there stand Patrick . patrick nine-thirty right ? kat 's in shock patrick ( continue ) I be early . she hold up she key kat I be drive . he peek in behind she . patrick who knock up you sister ? int . bogey lowenstein house - night bogey , a short future mba in a tux , greet he guest like a pro , hand out cigar and martinis . bogey Nice to see you . martini bar to the right , shot in the kitchen . the house be fill to capacity with padua High 's finest kat push through the crowd . Patrick saunter in behind she int . bogey' kitchen - night joey line up a row of shot amid much whooping and holler within the jock crowd . kat enter , then quickly try to make a about face . joey see she and rush over to block she , stand in the doorway . joey lookin ' fresh tonight , pussy - kat kat give he a death look and then stop and point at he forehead . kat wait -- be that ? -- do you hairline just recede ? he panic , whipping out a handy pocket mirror she 's already walk away . joey where ya goin ? kat away . joey you sister here ? kat 's face show utter hatred kat leave my sister alone . joey ( smirk ) and why would I do that ? a ruckus sound from the next room jock a fight ! the other jock rush to watch as two coffee kid splash they cupful on each other . coffee kid # 1 that be a New guinea peaberry , you folger 's - crystal - slurping - buttwipe . caffeinate fist fly . joey slither away from the door to watch , give kat one last smirk , just as bianca walk into the kitchen . joey just who I be look for . he put he arm around bianca and escort she out kat bianca bianca keep walk , ignore kat a guy pour shot hand kat one she downs it and accept another . guy drink up , sister . Patrick walk up patrick what 's this ? kat ( mock ) " I be get trash , man . " be not that what you be suppose to do at a party ? patrick I say , do what you wanna do . kat funny , you be the only one she downs another . int . bogey' live room - night cameron and Michael enter . cameron look , around for he beloved , while Michael schmoozee with all in attendance and dish dirt simultaneously . michael ( high -five a jock ) moose , my man ! ( to cameron ) ranked fifth in the state . recruiter have already start call . cameron nod intently michael ( continue ; grab he belt ) yo , clem. ( to cameron ) a patsy cline fan , but hate the new leanne rime . ( with a jamaican swagger ) Ziggy , peace , bra. ( to cameron ) prefer a water pipe , but have be know to use a bong . Michael spot bianca and chastity , watch the skirmish , and point cameron 's body in she direction . michael ( continue ) follow the love , man on bianca and chastity bianca crane she neck bianca where do he go ? he be just here . chastity who ? bianca joey . cameron walk over . cameron even , lady . bianca turn and grace he with a pain smile . bianca hi. cameron look like thing work out tonight , huh ? bianca ignore the question and try to pawn he off bianca you know chastity ? cameron I believe we share a art instructor chastity great bianca would you mind get I a drink , cameron ? cameron certainly pabst ? Old milwaukee ? raijieer ? bianca give he a tense smile . bianca surprise I . he head for the kitchen . joey walk up and grab she around the waist . she giggle as he pick she up and carry she off -- just as cameron return , a beer -- complete with a napkin and straw -- in he hand . chastity glare with a jealous fury after bianca and joey , then give cameron the once - over and walk away . Michael appear . michael extremely unfortunate maneuver . cameron the hell be that ? what kind of ' guy just pick up a girl and carry she away while you be talk to she ? michael buttholus extremus . but hey , you be make progress . cameron no , I ' m not . he smack himself in the head cameron ( continue ) she use I ! she want to go out with Dorsey . not I . I be a idiot ! Michael pat he on the shoulder . michael at least you be self - aware bogey' kitchen - night kat and a crowd of White rastas and Cowboys stand in a drunken group hug sing " I shot the sheriff " . kat have another shot glass in hand . Patrick be show a scar to a inebriated , enrapture cheerleader . he look up at kat and smile meet he eye then look away . int . bogey' live room - night bianca stand next to joey , sip from she beer joey so yeah , I have get the sear catalog thing go -- and the tube sock gig " that 's gonna be huge . and then I be up for a ad for Queen Harry next week . bianca Queen Harry ? joey it 's a gay cruise line , but I will be , like , wear a uniform and stuff . bianca try to appear impressed , but it 's get difficult . bianca neat ... joey my agent say I have get a good shot at be the prada guy next year . he look over she shoulder and wave at someone . bianca take the opportunity to escape . bianca I will be right back . int . bogey' bathroom - night bianca shut the door and lean on it with a sigh . chastity apply lip-gloss in the mirror . bianca he practically propose when he find out we have the same dermatologist . I mean . Dr. bonchowski be great a all , but he 's not exactly relevant party conversation . chastity be he oily or dry ? bianca combination . I do not know -- I think he would be different . more of a gentleman ... chastity roll she eye chastity bianca , I do not think the highlight of dating joey Dorsey be go to include door-open and coat-hold . bianca sometimes I wonder if the guy we be suppose to want to go out with be the one we actually want to go out with , you know ? chastity all I know be -- I would give up my private line to go out with a guy like joey . there 's a knock at the door . bianca open it to find a very drunken kat . kat bianca , I need to talk to you -- I need to tell you -- bianca ( cut she off ) I really do not think I need any social advice from you right now . bianca grab chastity 's arm and they exit int . bogey' kitchen - night - later Patrick try to remove a shot glass from kat 's hand . patrick maybe you should let I have it . kat be fierce in she refusal to let go kat I want another one joey enter , grab Patrick by the shoulder , distracting he from he task . joey my man as Patrick turn , kat break free and dive into the sea of dance people in the dining room . patrick ( annoyed ) it 's about time . joey a deal 's a deal . he peel off some bill joey ( continue ) how would you do it ? patrick do what ? joey get she to act like a human a very drunken kat jump up onto the kitchen island and start dance by herself . she let loose , hair fly . she 's almost burlesque . other form a crowd , clap and cheer she on she swing she head around banging it on a copper pot hang from the rack above the center island . she start to sway , then go down as Patrick rush over to catch she . the other clap , think this be a wonderful finale . Patrick set she down on she foot , hold she up patrick okay ? kat I be fine . I be she try to push he away , but stagger when she do grab she again , brace she . patrick you be not okay . kat I just need to lie down for awhile patrick uh , uh . you lie down and you will go to sleep kat I know , just let I sleep patrick what if you have a concussion ? my dog go to sleep with a concussion and wake up a vegetable . not that I could tell the difference ... she try to sit on the floor kat okay , I will just sleep but stay awake , okay ? he pull she back to she patrick c'mon , let 's walk int . bogey' dine room - night as Patrick walk kat through the dining room , cameron grab he arm . cameron we need to talk . patrick cameron , I be a little busy cameron it 's off . the whole thing . kat slide down to the floor and Patrick struggle to get h back on she foot . patrick what be you talk about ? cameron she 's partial to joey , not I Patrick do not have time for this . patrick cameron -- do you like the girl ? cameron sure patrick ( impatient ) then , go get she Patrick continue walk a oblivious kat outside . cameron stand there , unsure how to make use of this advice ext . bogey lowenstein house - night Patrick march kat around the yard , hold she up kat this be so patronize . patrick leave it to you to use big word when you be shitface . kat why be you do this ? patrick I tell you kat you do not care if I die patrick sure , I do kat why ? patrick because then I would have to start take out girl who like I . kat like you could find one patrick see that ? who need affection when I have get blind hatred ? kat just let I sit down . he walk she over to the swingset and plop she down in a swing , move she hand to hang onto the chain . patrick how 's that ? she sit and look at he for a moment with a smile . then fall over backward . patrick ( continue ) Jesus . you be like a weeble Patrick rush to right she , then start push she on the swing to keep she entertained . patrick ( continue ) why would you let he get to you ? kat who ? patrick Dorsey . kat I hate he . patrick I know . it would have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila . you do not seem like the type . kat ( hold up a drunken head ) hey man . . . you don ' t think I can be " cool " ? you do not think I can be " laid back " like everyone else ? patrick ( slightly sarcastic ) I think you be above all that kat you know what they say he stop the swing patrick no . what do they say ? kat be asleep , she head rest against the swing 's chain . patrick ( continue ) shit ! he drag she to she foot and start sing loudly . patrick ( continue ) jingle bell ! jingle belle ! wake up damn it ! he sit she down on the slide and shake she like a rag doll . patrick ( continue ) kat ! wake up ! kat ( waking ) what ? he sigh with relief . patrick I think you be ... they share some meaningful eye contact . and then she puke on he shoe . int . bogey' bathroom - night kat wash she face and grab a bottle of scope , take a big swig . a knock sound at the door kat go away bianca open the door and look at she sister with the smuggest of all possible grin . bianca dinner taste better on the way out ? give she a " do not even start " look . bianca ( continue ) I do not get you . you act like you be too good for any of this , and then you go totally apeshit when you get here . kat you be welcome . she push past she and leave the bathroom . kat be car - night kat 's in the driver 's seat . Patrick lean in and take the key out of the ignition . patrick cute bogey lowenstein house - night kid loiter on the lawn . bianca and chastity walk outside joey catch up to they . joey a bunch of we be go to jaret 's house . wanna come ? chastity look at bianca , who wear a pain expression . she look at she watch . bianca I have to be home in twenty minute . chastity ( eagerly , to joey ) I do not have to be home ' till two . joey then , c'mon. ( to bianca ) maybe next time -- they head back into the party , leave a astonished bianca cameron exit the party and stop when he see bianca stand alone . cameron ( slightly accusatory ) have fun tonight ? bianca ton he start to walk on bianca ( continue ) cameron ? he stop . she give he a helpless smile . bianca ( continue ) do you think you could give I a ride home ? int . kat be car - night Patrick drive as kat sit in the passenger seat , fiddling with the radio dial . she find a song she 's happy with and Patrick quickly change it . patrick I be drive , so I get to pick the tune . she change it back to she song . kat it 's my car . he change it back . patrick and I be in control of it . kat but it 's gigglepuss - I know you like they . I see you there . Patrick do not have a answer for this , so he let 's she listen to she song . kat ( continue ) when you be go last year -- where be you ? patrick busy kat be you in jail ? patrick maybe . kat no , you be not patrick then why would you ask ? kat why would you lie ? he do not answer , but instead , frown and turn up the music . she bob she head drunkenly . kat ( continue ) I should do this . patrick do what ? kat this . she point to the radio patrick start a band ? kat ( sarcastically ) my father would not approve of that that patrick you do not strike I as the type that would ask permission . she turn to look at he . kat oh , so now you think you know I ? patrick I be gettin ' there her voice lose it 's venom kat the only thing people know about I be that I be " scary " . he turn to look at she -- she look anything but scary right now . he try to hide he smile . patrick yeah -- well , I be no picnic myself . they eye each other , share a moment of connection , realize they be both create the same exterior for themselves . Patrick pull into she driveway and shut off the motor . he look up at she house . patrick ( continue ) so what ' 's up with you dad ? he a pain in the ass ? kat he just want I to be someone I be not . patrick who ? kat bianca patrick no offense , but you be sister be without . I know everyone like she and all , but ... kat stare at he with new admiration . kat you know -- you be not as vile as I think you be . she lean drunkenly toward he . they face grow closer as if they be about to kiss and then Patrick turn away patrick so , I will see you in school kat stare at he , piss . then get out of the car , slamming the door shut behind she . cameron be car - night bianca and cameron ride in silence . he finally break it . cameron I look for you back at the party , but you always seem to be " occupy " . bianca ( faux - innocence ) I be ? cameron you never want to go out with be , do you ? bianca bite she lip . bianca ( reluctant ) well , no ... cameron then that 's all you have to say . bianca but cameron you always be this selfish ? bianca think a minute he pull up in front of the house cameron just because you be beautiful , do not mean you can treat people like they do not matter . she look at he for a moment -- then grab he face and give he a kiss on the lip . he draw back in surprise , then kiss she back . she smile , then get out of the car without another word . cameron grin and drive away cameron ( continue ) and I be back in the saddle . int . english CLASS - day kat sit at she desk , bury she face in a book as the other enter . the White rastas be first . derek kat , my lady , you sway to the rhythm of my heart . he grab she hand and kiss it as she pull it away . clem , a cowboy , enter , high - five derek with new-found friendliness . clem yippe kai-aye , bra. ( to kat ) dance for I , cowgirl . he sit next to derek clem ( continue ) okay , now tell I again why he do not shoot the deputy ? derek because the deputy mean he no harm , my friend . it be only the sheriff that be the oppressor . joey saunter in and take he seat . joey kat , babe , you be on fire . Mrs. blaise enter and sit at she desk mrs . blaise well now , do everyone have a good weekend ? joey maybe we should ask verona Patrick enter , late , and slink to he desk . kat look up , down and around , everywhere but at Patrick . Mrs. blaise try to remember what she 's suppose to talk about . mrs . blaise okay then . well. ( beat ) oh , yes she clear she throat . mrs . blaise ( continue ) I would like you all to write you own version of Shakespeare 's sonnet # 141 . groan . mrs . blaise ( continue ) any form you would like . rhyme , no rhyme , whatever . I would like to see you elaborate on he theme , however . let 's read it aloud , shall we ? anyone ? the class be freeze in apathy . mrs . blaise ( continue ) derek ? Ms. blaise hand he the sonnet . he shift uncomfortably in he seat . then grin . derek ( read ; in he rasta stoner drawl ) in faith , I do not love thee with mine eye / for they in thee a thousand error note / but 'tis my heart that love what they despise / who in despite of view be plea would to dote . in the back of the room Clem raise he hand clem Ms. blaise , can I get the bathroom pass ? damn if Shakespeare do not act as a laxative on my person . int . kenny' thai food diner - day kat and mandella scrape the peanut out of they sauce . mandella you go to the party ? I think we be officially oppose to suburban social activity . kat I do not have a choice . mandella you do not have a choice ? where 's kat and what have you do with she ? kat I do bianca a favor and it backfire . mandella you do not kat I get drunk . I puke . I get reject . it be big fun . Patrick enter , walk to the counter to order . he see kat and smile . patrick hey she gather she thing and bolt out the door . Patrick look at mandella , who shrug and follow kat . int . biology CLASS - day cameron and Michael flank Patrick at he lab table michael so you get cozy with she who sting ? patrick no - I have get a sweet - payin ' job that I be about to lose . cameron what would you do to she ? patrick I don ' t know . ( beat ) I decide not to nail she when she be too drunk to remember it . Michael and cameron look at each other in realization , then turn back to Patrick . cameron you realize this put the whole operation in peril . patrick no shit . she will not even look at I cameron why can not you just tell she you be sorry ? Patrick 's expression say that this be not a possibility . Michael make a time out sign with he hand . michael I be on it int . hallway - day mandella be at she locker . drawing of William Shakespeare adorn the door . she look at they with a sigh , then tie she silk scarf tightly around she neck , in a attempt to cut off she air supply . Michael walk up . michael hey there . tire of breathe ? mandella ( shyly , as she loosen the scarf ) hi. michael cool picture . you a fan ? mandella yeah . I guess . michael rock . very hip . mandella you think ? michael oh yeah . she look at he suspiciously mandella who could refrain that have a heart to love and in that heart , courage to make ' B love know ? Michael think for a minute . michael macbeth , right ? mandella ( happily stunne ) right . michael kat a fan , too ? mandella ( puzzle ) yeah ... he lean in close to she , conspiratorially michael so , listen ... I have this friend ext . field hockey field - day cameron sit next to Patrick on the bleacher as they watch kat 's practice . cameron she hate you with the fire of a thousand sun . that 's a direct quote patrick she just need time to cool off I will give it a day . a puck fly at they from the field , narrowly miss they head . patrick ( continue ) maybe two . he look at cameron . patrick ( continue ) you makin ' any headway ? cameron she kiss I . patrick ( eyebrow raise ) where ? int . hallway - day chastity round the corner and bend down to get a drink from the water fountain . nearby joey stand talk to two jock cohort . the guy do not see she . joey do not talk to I about the sweetest date . that little halo bianca be gonna be prone and prove on prom night . six virgin in a row . the cohort chortle chastity keep drink from the fountain ext . parking lot - day joey lean against Patrick 's Jeep . Patrick be inside . patrick I do not know , Dorsey . .. the limo . - the flower . another hundred for the tux -- joey enough with the barbie and Ken shit . I know . he pull out he wallet and hand Patrick a wad of money joey ( continue ) take it Patrick do , with a smile , as he roar out of the parking lot . int . school courtyard - day kat and mandella deface a prom flyer . kat can you even imagine ? who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess ? mandella well , I guess we be not , since we do not have date . kat listen to you ! you sound like Betty , all piss off because archie be take Veronica . mandella okay , okay , we will not go . it 's not like I have a dress anyway kat you ' be look at this from the wrong perspective . we be make a statement . mandella ( unconvince ) oh , good . something new and different for we . ext . archery field - day Mr. chapin patrol as boy and girl shoot arrow at target joey swagger up to bianca , who be take careful aim . chastity watch from across the row . joey hey , sweet cheek . bianca ( not look at he ) hi , joey . joey you be concentrate awfully hard consider it 's gym class . she let the arrow go and turn to look at he . joey ( continue ) listen , I want to talk to you about the prom . bianca you know the deal . I can ' t go if kat do not go -- in the background , a rasta crumple to the ground . hit a casualty of gym . Mr. chapin scurries over . joey you sister be go . bianca look at he , surprised bianca since when ? joey take the bow and arrow from bianca 's hand . he draw back and take aim . joey I be take care of it . chastity look over from she spot on the field , but keep lip firmly shut . int . book store - day kat browse through the feminist light section Patrick appear , through a hole in the book . patrick Excuse I , have you see the feminine mystique ? I lose my copy . kat ( frown ) what be you do here ? patrick I hear there be a poetry read . kat you be so -- patrick pleasant ? kat stare at he , deadpan . patrick ( continue ) wholesome . kat unwelcome . patrick unwelcome ? I guess someone still have she panty in a twist . kat do not for one minute think that you have any effect whatsoever on my panty . patrick so what do I have a effect on ? kat other than my upchuck reflex ? nothing . she push past he and head out the ' door Pat look down at the book he 's be hold in he hand : taming of the shrew . int . cafeteria - day cameron and Michael flank Patrick as he shovel food into mouth . patrick you be right . she 's still piss . michael sweet love , renew thy force ! patrick man -- do not say shit like that to I . people can hear you . cameron ( exasperate ) you humiliate the woman ! sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score . michael best case scenario , you be back on the payroll for awhile . patrick what 's the worst ? cameron you get the girl . Patrick think for a minute patrick if I go down . I be takin ' she with I int . english CLASS - day kat and the other student sit at they desk , take a quiz Patrick 's seat be conspicuously empty . from outside , we hear the soft , unsure beginning of a song . kat look up , then out the window , horrified . the song grow louder until we realize it 's the partridge family 's " I think I Love you " . be sung by Patrick . patrick ( 0 . S. ) " this morning , I wake up with this feel , I do not know how to deal with , and so I just decide to myself - - " the student rush to the window . outside Patrick stand beneath the window , croon . scurvy be next to he , keep the beat on the bongo and do backup vocal 's . patrick " I would hide it to myself . and never talk about it . and do not I go and shout it when you walk into the room -- " he make quite a sarcastic show of it . in the classroom Mrs. blaise touch she heart , as if the song be for she . kat slowly walk to the window , peek below . outside Patrick smile at she as he finish the verse with a big finale . patrick ( continue ) " I think I love you I " inside the other student laugh , clap , cheer , etc . kat sink down , mortify , but with a slight smile int . detention hall - day Patrick and several other miscreant sit quietly , mull over they misfortune . miscreant Nice song , verona . patrick flog I . he make the appropriate hand gesture Mr. chapin , the gym teacher , sit at the desk in front , ignore they while he read a girly weightlifting magazine kat ( 0 . S. ) Excuse I , Mr. chapin ? Patrick look up at the sound of she voice and see kat stand in the doorway . she give he a smile and he perk up a little . kat walk into the room and address Mr. chapin again . he turn fully to face she . kat Sir , I would like to state for the record that Mr. verona ' 's current incarceration be unnecessary . I never file a complaint . mr. chapin you do not have to . he disrupt a classroom . kat glance over at Patrick and motion she head toward the window . Patrick shrug , not know what she ' 's talk about . she motion again , and look toward the window with a expression that say , " make a break for it , moron . " kat bring she attention back to Mr. chapin while Patrick inch out of he seat toward the window . the other miscreant watch with glee . kat but , Mr. chapin , I hardly think a simple serenade warrant a week of detention . there be far more hideous act than off - key sing be perform by the student body on a regular basis . Patrick be halfway out the window now . and none too happy about it , consider they be on the second floor . he eye a large tree a few foot away from mr . chapin . he start to turn away from kat mr. chapin you be not gonna change my mind , kat . rule stick . kat start to panic , as Patrick have yet to make the jump for the tree . kat wait , Mr. chapin . there 's something I have always want to show you . he turn back toward she again , the very second before he would have spot Patrick . kat glance toward the window . Patrick 's just about to make the jump . mr. chapin what ? kat this . from behind , we see she lift up she shirt and flash she bra at Mr. chapin , just as Patrick make the jump . the miscreant cheer , for both the dare ' escape and the flash of skin . Mr. chapin redden and try to be stern . mr. chapin I be go to let that slide , katarina . but if I catch you do that again , you will be in here with the rest of this guy . he motion to the remain detention prisoner , without notice Patrick 's absence . kat smile at he . kat thank you , Mr. chapin . kat bolt out the door . Mr. chapin go back to he muscle mag , wiping the sweat from he brow . ext . school campus lawn kat arrive at the tree . look around breathlessly , see no one . kat he leave ! I sprung the dickhead and he cruise on I . patrick ( 0 . S. ) look up , sunshine she do . he 's still in the tree patrick I guess I never tell you I be afraid of height . kat ( smile ) C 'mon . it 's not that bad patrick try lookin ' at it from this angle she assess the branch structure kat put you right foot there -- patrick forget it . I be stayin' . kat you want I to climb up and show you how to get down ? patrick ( voice tremble ) maybe . she sigh and dose so . when she get to he level , she perches on the branch next to he . he grin at she . then swing himself down with the grace and ease of a monkey , leave she sit there , realize she 's be dupe . kat you shit ! she climb down after he ext . outdoor arcade - day Patrick and kat walk amongst the game kat the partridge family ? patrick I figure it have to be something ridiculous to win you respect . and piss you off . kat good call . patrick so how would you get chapin to look the other way ? kat I dazzle he with my wit she stop and pick up a toy gun that shoot water at giggle hyenas and wail on it . the barker hand she a stuff animal as she prize . she hand it to the small kid next to she and they continue walk . patrick ( sarcastic ) a soft side ? who know ? kat yeah , well , do not let it get out patrick so what 's you excuse ? kat acting the way we do . patrick yes kat I do not like to do what people expect . then they expect it all the time and they get disappointed when you change . patrick so if you disappoint they from the start , you be cover ? kat something like that patrick then you screw up kat how ? patrick you never disappointed I . she blushes under he gaze patrick ( continue ) you up for it ? kat for. . . ? he motion to the sign for a paint- ball game . she grin series of shot : the two of they creep through the paint-ball course , stealthy and full of the desire to best the other . Patrick nail kat in the back with a big glob of red paint kat get he in the chest with a glob of blue . Patrick return fire with a big yellow splat to the side of she face . kat squirt a green shot to he forehead after a few more shot , they be both cover in paint she try to shoot he again , only to find that she gun be empty . kat ( continue ) damn it ! Patrick grab she in a victorious tackle . they land , laugh . it 's hard to even recognize they , as they hair and face be so smear with paint glob , but they still manage to find each other 's eye . he wipe a smear of blue paint away from she lip , as he go to kiss she . nearby the kid with the stuff animal , point kid look , Mom his mother hurry he away . what 's start as a tackle have turn into a passionate kiss ext . stratford house - night Patrick pull up in kat 's driveway . they paint wardrobe have dry by now and they look like refugee from some strange , yet colorful , war . kat State trooper ? patrick fallacy . kat the duck ? patrick hearsay . kat I know the porn career 's a lie . he shut off the car and turn to she . patrick do you ? he kiss she neck . it tickle . she laugh . kat tell I something true . patrick I hate peas . kat no -- something real . something no one else know . patrick ( in-between kiss ) you be sweet . and sexy . and completely hot for I . kat what ? patrick no one else know kat you be amazingly self - assure . have anyone ever tell you that ? patrick go to the prom with I kat 's smile disappear . kat be that a request or a command ? patrick you know what I mean kat no . patrick no what ? kat no , I will not go with you patrick why not ? kat because I do not want to . it 's a stupid tradition . Patrick sit quietly , tear . he can not very well tell she he be pay to take she . patrick people will not expect you to go ... kat turn to he , get angry . kat why be you do this ? kat all of it -- what 's in it for you ? he sit silently , not look at she , confirm she suspicion . kat ( continue ) create a little drama ? start a new rumor ? what ? patrick so I have to have a motive to be with you ? kat you tell I . patrick you need therapy . have anyone ever tell you that ? kat ( quietly ) answer the question , Patrick patrick ( angry ) nothing ! there 's nothing in it for I . just the pleasure of you company . he take out a cigarette . she break it in half before she slam the car door and walk into the house . Patrick peel out of the driveway . kat turn at the front door and watch he go ext . STREET - night Patrick pull up to a stop light and wait for . the green he glance over at a drunken homeless guy in the median , who have decide that he do not need to wear pants . Patrick pull out he wallet , take the wad of money joey give he and hand it to the homeless guy . patrick cover that up the light turn green and Patrick pull away int . stratford house / bathroom - night kat stand at the sink , scrubbing paint off of she face bianca tap on the open door . bianca Quick question -- be you go to the prom ? kat push the door shut with a slam int . study hall - day cameron and bianca sit together at they study cubby . she finger a strand of she hair . bianca then guillermo say , " if you go any lighter , you be gonna look like a extra on 90210 . " cameron no ... bianca stare at he for a moment . bianca do you listen to this crap ? cameron what crap ? bianca me. this endless ... blonde babble . I be like , boring myself . cameron thank God ! if I have to hear one more story about you coiffure ... he mock stab himself with a pencil as she giggle and smack he hand away . cameron ( continue ) I figure you would get to the good stuff eventually . bianca what good stuff ? cameron the " real you " . bianca like my fear of wear pastel ? he look stricken . bianca ( continue ) I be kid . ( beat ) you know how sometimes you just become this " persona " ? and you do not know how to quit ? cameron ( matter of fact ) no bianca okay -- you be gonna need to learn how to lie . int . hallway - day mandella struggle with the lock on she locker . finally , it open . hanging inside be a beautiful dress , inspire by the 16th century . mandella slowly unpin a note from the dress . insert - " 0 fair one . join I at the prom . I will be waiting . love , william S . " mandella 's agog . trevor walk by and see she hold the dress . trevor you be gonna look splendiferous in that , mandella . mandella look up sharply , shake from she reverie . trevor ( continue ) that 's cool to say . mandella grin it be mandella int . stratford house / den - day Sharon be at she computer , walter at he exercise bike sharon would you rather be ravish by a pirate or a british rear admiral ? walter pirate -- no question . bianca enter and walk over to walter bianca daddy , I want to discuss the prom with you . it 's tomorrow night -- walter the prom ? kat have a date ? bianca no , but walter it 's that hot rod joey , right ? that ' 's who you want I to bend my rule for ? bianca he 's not a " hot rod " . whatever that be . walter you be not go unless you sister go . end of story . bianca Fine . I see that I be a prisoner in my own house . I be not a daughter . I be a possession ! bianca storm out . walter ( call out ) you know what happen at prom ? Sharon stop she type and look up at walter sharon they will dance , they will kiss , they will come home . let she go . walter kiss ? be that what you think happen ? kiss be not what keep I up to my elbow in placenta all day . int . bianca' room - night bianca lie on she bed . MTV blare . a knock sound . bianca come in . kat enter and sit down on the bed , mute the tv . kat ( kindly ) listen , I know you hate have to sit home because I be not susie High School . bianca like you care . kat I do care . but I be a firm believer in do something for you own reason , not someone else ' 's . bianca I wish I have that luxury . I be the only sophomore that get ask to the prom and I can not go , because you win ' t . kat clear she throat kat joey never tell you we go out , do he ? bianca what ? kat in 9th . for a month bianca ( confuse ) why ? kat ( self -mock ) he be , like , a total babe bianca but you hate joey kat now I do . back then , be a different story . bianca as in ... kat take a deep breath . kat he say everyone be do it . so I do it . bianca you do what ? kat ( continue on ) just once . afterwards , I tell he I do not want to anymore . I be not ready . he get piss . then he break up with I . bianca stare at she , dumbfounded bianca but kat after that , I swore I would never do anything just because " everyone else " be do it . and I have not since . except for bogey 's party , and my stun gastro- intestinal display -- bianca ( stunne ) why do not you tell I ? kat I want to let you make up you own mind about he . bianca no. you do not ! if you really think I could make my own decision , you would have let I go out with he instead of help daddy hold I hostage . kat stand up slowly kat that 's not bianca I be not stupid enough to repeat you mistake . kat I guess I think I be protect you . bianca God , you be just like he ! just keep I lock away in the dark , so I can not experience anything for myself kat not all experience be good , bianca . you can not always trust the people you want to . bianca I guess I will never know , will I ? she rise and hold the door open for kat , then slam it behind she . ext . stratford house - day a sprinkler cruise the lawn . int . kat be room - day kat lie in bed , stare at the ceiling . she roll over and pick up the phone . bianca' room - day bianca , still in she pajamas , eat a bowl of cereal while watch " I Love Lucy " rerun . a knock sound bianca come in . kat open the door and peer in with a grin kat feel like shopping ? bianca look up , hopefully . live room - night walter and Sharon be in front of the television . walter have the tv guide in hand , glass on . walter what do you wanna watch ? we have get crap , crap , crap or crap sharon Dr. Ruth ? bianca walk into the live room . she 's wear a prom dress . bianca hi , mommy . ( look away ) walter walter scurries take off he glass and look from bianca to Sharon . sharon honey , you look beautiful ! bianca you like ? my date should be here in five . walter I be miss something . bianca I have a date , daddy . and he ' 's not a captain of oppression like some man we know . the doorbell ring . bianca run to open it . there stand cameron . he take in bianca 's outfit . cameron wow bianca let 's go . walter rise . Sharon pull he back down on the couch sharon ( to bianca ) have a great time , honey ! walter but -- who -- what --? the door slam . as Sharon look at walter with a grin , a blur rush down the stair and out the door . the blur have kat ' 's voice . kat hey , guy . I be go to the prom . see you in a few . the door slam again . walter and Sharon 'are alone walter what just happen ? sharon you daughter go to the prom . walter do I have anything to say about it ? sharon absolutely not . walter that ' 's what I think the doorbell ring again . walter open it to find joey on the porch , wear a tux . joey I be here to pick up bianca . walter late he slam the door shut ext HOTEL parking lot - night kat pull up in she car , emerge resplendent in a ice gown . Patrick sit on the step , wait . in a tux . kat how would you get a tux at the last minute ? patrick it 's scurvy 's . his date get convict . where would you get the dress ? kat it 's just something I have . you know patrick ( smile ) oh huh kat look , I be -- sorry -- that I question you motive . I be wrong . Patrick wince slightly , but cover it with a smile patrick no prob . he remain seat . kat fidget nervously . kat be you ready ? he rise and stare at she , take in she image appreciatively . she blushes and turn away . kat ( continue ) c'mon . let 's get this over with . int . prom - night a hotel ballroom transformed into a fantasy world . Patrick and kat enter , kat attempt to deny the romance of it . kat quite the ostentatious display a cowboy two -step by they , drag some poor girl around patrick look , Clem even wear he good boot kat step forward , look around and spot cameron and bianca dance cheek to cheek . she smile . across the room mandella enter nervously , in the long elizabethan gown , hair pile on top of she head . she spot kat and hurry over . mandella have you see he ? kat who ? mandella William - he ask I to meet he here . kat oh , honey -- tell I we have not ' progress to full - on hallucination . Patrick look toward the door and tap kat . she turn and point mandella the same way . Michael - in full shakespearean dress with a new goatee on he chin - bow in they direction . mandella 's grin could not be bigger . Michael swashbuckle over to they , take mandella 's hand and lead she onto the dance floor . michael mi ' lady . ( to Patrick ) good sir . Patrick roll he eye . int . prom - night - later kat and Patrick dance to a slow song . whatever he 's whisper into she ear be make she laugh . cam and bianca dance nearby , glow with happiness . she whisper something in he ear and head for the lady ' room int . lady room - night bianca walk in , positively radiant . chastity emerge from a stall . bianca ( surprised ) what be you do here ? chastity check she hair in the mirror , aloof . chastity you think you ' be the only sophomore at the prom ? bianca I do . chastity maintain she snooty tone . chastity and just so you know , my date be not plan on spend most of the night in he backseat . bianca what be you talk about ? chastity joey Dorsey be only after one thing - - you cherry . he practically make a public announcement . appall , bianca storm out . chastity try to backpedal . chastity ( continue ) I want to tell you int . prom - night joey , drunk , disorderly and piss off , walk in with a few stray jock - also dateless . he zeroe in on cameron , now consol a piss - off bianca . Patrick and kat continue to slow dance , oblivious to the evil about to erupt . patrick my grandmother 's . kat what ? patrick that 's where I be last year . she would never live alone -- my grandfather die -- I stay with she . I be not in jail , I do not know Marilyn Manson , and I have never sleep with a spice girl . I spend a year sit next to my grandma on the couch watch wheel of fortune . end of story . he take a breath and look away , not meeting she eye . kat stare at he for a moment and laugh a delighted laugh kat that ' 's completely adorable ! patrick it get worse -- you still have you freshman yearbook ? he 's interrupt by joey 's hand on he shoulder . joey what 's bianca do here with that cheese dick ? I do not pay you to let some little punk ass snake I . across the room Michael spot the altercation and dance mandella over to cameron and bianca . michael ( to cameron ) fece hit fan . c'mon Michael take cameron aside , leave mandella and bianca stare after they . across the room Michael and cameron approach joey as he continue to taunt Patrick who keep quiet , realize the weight of this situation . michael ( continue ) joey , pal , compadre . let 's take it easy . joey turn toward Michael and cameron . joey you two be in big trouble cameron face joey . cameron admit it . you lose . be a man . joey punch cameron in the face , take he by surprise cameron hold he nose as it bleed onto he tux the various clique descend angrily and joey be soon surround by seethe Cowboys , coffee kid and White rastas . derek very uncool , my brother joey I be not you brother , white boy . the other rastas gasp , as if stung by the realization that they be white . joey turn back to Patrick and kat . joey ( continue ) just so you know -- she will only spread she leg once . kat look from joey to Patrick , not sure what she 's hearing . joey push through the crowd but a hand drag he back . it 's bianca . and she belt the hell out of he bianca that 's for make my date bleed she belt he again bianca ( continue ) that 's for my sister . and again bianca ( continue ) and that 's for I . clique now descend on joey , punch he wildly . cowboy and that 's for the fourth grade , asshole . HOTEL - night kat run down the stair , Patrick chase she patrick wait I ... kat you be pay to take I out ! by -- the one person I truly hate . I know it be a set -up ! patrick it be not like that . kat really ? what be it like ? a down payment now , then a bonus for sleep with I ? patrick I do not care about the money . he catch up to she now patrick ( continue ) I care about -- she turn to face he with a countenance more in sorrow than in anger . kat you be so not what I think you be . he grab she and kiss she to shut she up . after a second , she jerk away and flee down the stair and out of sight . bianca stand at the top of the stair , watch . she 's never look more guilty . int . stratford house - day kat be sprawle on the couch in sweat , wrap in a blanket , watch " sixteen candle " . when Molly ringwald lean across the birthday cake to get a kiss from she dream date , kat change the channel disgustedly , settling for a infomercial the phone sit next to she . not ringing . bianca breeze in , bear a cup of tea . bianca be you sure you do not want to come with we ? it will be fun . kat take the tea and give a weak smile . kat I ' m sure . bianca sit down next to she bianca you look beautiful last night , you know . kat so do you bianca give she a squeeze , then jump up when the doorbell ring , open the door to a wait cameron . he peek he head inside . cameron she okay ? bianca I hope so . the door shut behind she as walter enter . walter be that you sister ? kat yeah . she leave with some biker Big one . full of sperm . walter funny . walter sit down on the arm of the chair and watch the infomercial with kat . walter ( continue ) I do not understand the allure of dehydrated food . be this something I should be hip to ? kat no , daddy . walter ( dread the answer ) so tell I about this dance . be it fun ? kat part of it . walter which part ? kat the part where bianca beat the hell out of some guy . walter bianca do what ? kat what 's the matter ? upset that I rubbed off on she ? walter no -- impressed . kat look up in surprise . walter ( continue ) you know , father do not like to admit that they daughter be capable of run they own life . it mean we have become spectator . bianca still let I play a few inning . you have have I on the bleacher for year . when you go to Sarah lawrence , I will not even be able to watch the game . kat ( hopeful ) when I go ? walter oh , Christ . do not tell I you have change you mind . I already send them a check . kat reach over and give he a hug int . cafeteria - day kat stand grab a box of cornflake from the food line . cameron ( 0 . S. ) katarina ? she turn and look at he cameron I would like to express my apology . kat for what ? cameron ( look down ) I do not mean for you to get -- when bianca ask I to find you a boyfriend , I have no idea it would turn out so -- ugly . I would never have do anything to compromise you - - - he trail off when he realize she 's throw she food tray against the wall and march off -- the old " kill , kill " look back in she eye . int . hallway - day kat stomp up the hallway , full of menace classroom - day bianca 's English teacher perches on the edge of a desk , open book in hand . teacher who can tell I at what point lucentio admit he deception ? the door of the classroom fly open and a angry kat stalk in , yanking bianca from she chair and drag she toward the hallway . kat ( to the teacher ) family emergency . hallway - day bianca try to pull away as kat drag she by the hair between two row of locker . bianca let go ! kat you set I up . bianca I just want -- kat what ? to completely damage I ? to send I to therapy forever ? what ? bianca no ! I just want miss perky walk up miss perky lady ? shall we take a trip to my office ? int . miss perky's office - day miss perky stare at both sister as they sit before she , then focus on bianca . miss perky so you be the real bitch bianca yes ! okay ? yes -- I be the real bitch . I want she to get a boyfriend so I could . apparently , this make I a horrible person . I be sorry . she turn to kat . bianca ( continue ) I swear -- I do not know about the money . I do not even know joey be involved . I would never intentionally hurt you , kat . miss perky ( to kat ) do you care to respond ? kat be I suppose to feel better ? like , right now ? or do I have some time to think about it ? miss perky just smack she now . bianca rise , take kat by the arm . bianca ( to miss perky ) we will be get back to you . miss perky what , no hug ? hallway - day and bianca leave miss perky 's office bianca be that woman a complete fruit- loop or be it just I ? kat it 's just you . english CLASS - day Mrs. blaise face the class mrs . blaise all right . I be assume everyone find time to compose , they poem . except for Mr. Dorsey , who 's still in icu . nerd in the back high - five each other . mrs . blaise ( continue ) would anyone care to read theirs aloud ? no one move . then kat slowly stand up . kat I '11 go Patrick look up . mrs . blaise oh , Lord . she downs a couple prozac mrs . blaise ( continue ) please proceed . kat stand , put on she glass , and take a deep breath before read from she notebook . kat I hate the way you talk to I / and the way you cut you hair / I hate the way you drive my car / I hate it when you stare . she pause , then continue kat ( continue ) I hate you big dumb combat boot / and the way you read my mind / I hate you so much it make I sick / it even make I rhyme . she take a deep breath , and look quickly at Patrick , who stare at the floor . kat ( continue ) I hate the way you be always right / I hate it when you lie / I hate it when you make I laugh / even worse when you make I cry / I hate it that you be not around / and the fact that you do not call / but mostly I hate the way I don ' t hate you / not even close , not even a little bit , not even any at all . she look directly at Patrick . he look back this time . the look they exchange say everything . then she walk out of the room the rest of the class remain in stunne silence . ext . parking lot - moment later kat walk to she car alone . when she open the door , she 's greet with a fender stratocaster guitar , recline in the front seat . she pick it up slowly , inspect every detail , then spin around . Patrick stand there , smile . kat a fender strat . you buy this ? patrick I think you could use it . when you start you band . she do not answer , but hide a smile , so he walk closer . patrick ( continue ) besides , I have some extra cash . some asshole pay I to take out a really great girl . kat be that right ? patrick yeah , but then I fuck up . I fall for she . blushes and look down . patrick ( continue ) you know -- it 's not every day you find a girl who will flash she tit to get you out of detention . look up . surprised and embarrassed that he find out he take she upturn face as a sign to kiss she and he do she let he this time . then break it off kat you can not just buy I a guitar every time you screw up , you know . he grimace . patrick I know he quiet she with another kiss which she break off again . kat and do not just think you can he kiss she again , not let she end it this time . stratford house - sunset we hear the sound of music and laughter . stratford house / backyard - sunset Patrick be at the barbecue grill , flipping burger . kat watch . kat why be my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill ? patrick because I like to torture you . kat oh , bianca ? can you get I my freshman yearbook ? patrick Don ' t you even dare . . . on bianca and cameron as they argue on the patio . cameron they do to ! bianca they do not ! rise to get the yearbook . cameron can someone please tell she that sunflower seed come from sunflower ? on michael and mandella severely make - out in a lawn chair . she come up for a breath . mandella I can not remember a word of Shakespeare right now . be not that weird ? Michael pull she back down for another round on kat and patrick she try to keep he from grab the yearbook that bianca now hand she . kat you be freak over this , be not you ? bianca hand she the yearbook bianca he 's more than freak . he 's froke flip to a page . kat I would like to call you attention to Patrick verona 's stun bad - ass look of 1995 --- insert - a horrifically nerdy freshman year picture glass , bad hair , headgear -- the work . she hold up the picture for all to view . Patrick cringe and throw a handful of pretzel at she . bianca Patrick -- be that - a. kat perm ? patrick ask my attorney . kat and bianca huddle over the picture , giggle -- as we crane up and hear a girly punk version of the partridge family 's " I think I Love you " . fade out : end