please copy and return | — — — _— — — — _ twelve angry men by reginald Rose the writing credit may not be final and should not be used for publicity or advertising purpose without first checking with the television publicity legal department . no portion of this script may be performed or reproduced by any means , or quoted or published in any medium without prior written consent . no one be authorized to sell , transfer or dispose of the script . if lost or destroyed , please notify script department at mgm worldwide television group , mgm plaza , 2500 broadway STREET , santa monica , california 90404-3061 first draft - february 14 , 1996 note : foreman : juror juror juror juror juror juror # 2 # 3 # 4 # 5 # 6 # 7 '' the note on character be extremely brief , since it be feel that what they be and who they be will be reveal in they dialogue and action ruing the course of the film . 35 year old . Assistant high school football coach . a small , petty man who be at first wary of , and then impressed with the authority he have . handles himself quite formally . not overly bright , but dogge . 38 year old . Bank clerk . a meek , hesitant man who find it difficult to maintain any opinion of he own . easily sway and usually adopt the opinion of the last person to whom he have speak . 40 year old . head of a messenger service . a very strong , very forceful , extremely opinionate man within whom can be detect a streak of sadism . a humorless man who be intolerant of opinion other than he own , and accustom to force he wish and view upon other . 50 year old . stockbroker . a man of wealth and position . a practice speaker who present himself well at all time .. seem to feel a little bit above the rest of the juror . his only concern be with the fact in this case and he be appal with the behavior of the other . constantly preen himself , comb he hair , clean he nail , etc . 25 year old . mechanic . a naive , very rightened young man who take he obligation in this case very seriously but who find it difficult to speak up when he elder have the floor . 33 year old . housepainter . a honest , but dull - witted man who come upon he decision slowly and carefully . a man who find it difficult to create positive opinion , but who must listen to and digest and accept this opinion offer by other which appeal to he most . 42 years'old . salesman . a loud , flashy , glad - hand salesman type who have more important thing to do than sit on a jury . he be quick to show temper , quick to form opinion on thing about which he know nothing . he be a bully , and , of course , a coward . juror # 8 : juror # 9 : juror # 10 : juror # 11 : juror # 12 : the judge 42 year old . architect . a quiet , thoughtful , gentle man . a man who see many side to every question and constantly seek the truth . a man of strength tempere with compassion . above all a man who want justice to be do , and will fight to see that it be . 70 year old . retired . a mild , gentle old man , long since defeat by life , and now merely wait to die . a man who recognize himself for what he be , and mourn the day when it would have be possible to be courageous without shield himself behind he many year . from the way he take pill whenever he be excited , it be obvious that he have a heart condition . 46 year old . garage owner . a angry , bitter man . a man who antagonize almost at sight . a bigot who place no value on any human life save he own . a man who have be nowhere and be go nowhere and know it deep within he . he have a bad cold and continually blow he nose , sniff a benzedrine inhaler , etc . 48 year old . watchmaker . a refugee from Europe who have come to this country in 1941 . a man who speak with a accent and who be ashamed , jumble , almost subservient to the people around he , but a man who will honestly seek justice because he have suffer through so much injustice . 30 year old . advertise man . a slick , bright advertising man who think of human being in term of percentage , graph and poll , and have no real understanding of people . a superficial snob , but try to be a good fellow . throughout the film he doodle on a scratch pad . the court clerk the . guard the two alternate juror and ( if desire ) the court stenographer seer aan first draft - 2/14/96 1 twelve angry men fade in : ext . n.y. court of general session - day a large , impose building , gray , impressive as a background for the coming and going of a number of ordinary people on a ordinary day . camera hold on step and building front from the distance and then dolly in slowly . dissolve to : int . the lobby - same seethe with activity , people of all kind walk swiftly , purposefully to and from elevator , newsttand , etc . other stand , wait . Guards station at various post . camera pan across lobby and then dolly into a bank of elevator . a number of people crowd into one . the door close . dissolve to : int . long corridor upstair - same the elevator on leave . many doorway to various courtroom on right . each door mark with a hang sign . the first sign read '' Court of General session . part I '' . the second sign read '' Court of General session . part ii '' etc . a elevator door open and a number of people exit and walk down the corridor . other people , man and woman , stand in the corridor talk . the whole feel be one of movement , activity , intense concentration . everyone have a purpose . - camera dolly down the corridor , follow a group of people who exite from the elevator . people peel off from the group at various door . at each door stand a guard . people move in and out of the door . camera reach the door mark '' part VI '' , and pan around to face the door . a guard stand in front of it , impassively . no one else be in front of the door , as compare to the knot of whisper people in front of all the other door . the case go on in '' part VI '' obviously have very little general interest . ' through the glass window of the door we can see , far in the background , the judge at he bench . he be face to he leave , and talk . we hear nothing . he stop and turn to he right . he raise he hand as if call the waiter . dissolve to : sn at first draft - 2/14/96 int . courtroom a empty water from the noise stillness of a - same glass on a tray . of the corridor we be now in the deathlike courtroom . a hand place a freshly - fill pitcher of water on the tray . a pair of hand fill a glass from the pitcher . camera pan with glass as it be raise . camera hold on close - up of judge , drink the water . he finish , put the glass down , and turn to he leave again . he clear he throat . then he begin to speak . close shot the a young Puerto judge ..- and that conclude the court 's explanation of the legal aspect of this case . and now , gentleman of the jury , I come to my final instruction to you . murder in the first degree - - premeditate homicide -- be the most serious charge try in we criminal court . you have listen to the testimony and you have have the law read to you and interprete as it apply to this case . it now become you duty to try and separate the fact from the fancy . one man be dead . the life of another be at stake . I urge you to deliberate honestly and thoughtfully . if there be a reasonable doubt -- then you must bring I a verdict of " not guilty " . if , however , there be no reasonable doubt , then you must , in good conscience , find the accuse guilty . however you decide , you verdict must be unanimous . in the event you find the accuse guilty ... accused rican man vulnerable and afraid . _. judge ( cont ) ... the bench will not entertain a recommendation for mercy . the death sentence be mandatory in this case . I do not envy you you job . you be face with a grave responsibility . thank you , gentleman . there be a brief pause . the juror file out . first draft - 2/14/96 3 int . jury room - day a very hot summer afternoon . it be a large , drab , bare room in need of painting , with three window in the back wall through which can be see the New York skyline . off the jury room be a washroom , with a lavatory beyond . a large , scar table be C with twelve chair around it . a bench stand against the wall and there be several extra chair and a small table in the room , plus a water - cooler , with paper cup and a waste basket and a electric fan over the bench and a clock over the cooler and row of hook for coat , with a shelf over it . there be pencil , pad and ashtray on the table . at night the room be light by fluorescent lighting with the switch next to the door . the juror enter precede by a Guard . he check he list . the 9th juror , a old man , cross , go into the washroom , and exit to the lavatory . the 4th juror begin to read a newspaper . several juror open the window . other move awkwardly about the room . there be no conversation for a few moment . the 3rd juror take out some note and study they . the 2nd juror cross to the water - cooler , get a cup of water . the Foreman tear a sheet from the notepad and tear up little slip of paper for ballot . the Guard cross to the 12th juror and check he name . the 7th juror cross to the 4th juror and offer he a stick of gum . the 4th juror shake he head . 7th juror ( turn to the 8th juror ) do you want some gum ? 8th juror ( smile ) no thanks . the 7th juror vigorously chew a piece of gum himself and cross to the 6th juror . 7th juror ( mop he brow ) y'know something ? I phone up for the weather . this be the hot day of the year . 7th juror ( cont ) ( the 6th juror nod and gaze out the window ) you would think they would at least air condition the place . I almost drop dead in court . guard okay , gentleman . everybody 's here . if there 's anything you want , I be right outside . just knock . first draft - 2/14/96 4 the Guard exit and in the silence the sound be hear of the door be lock . 5 th juror I never know they lock the door . 10 th juror sure they lock the door . what would you think ? 5 th juror I do not know . it just never occur to I . the 10th juror cross and pause beside the Foreman and indicate the. slip of paper . 10 th juror hey , what 's that for ? foreman well , I figure we might want to vote by ballot . 10 th juror great idea ! maybe we can get he elect senator . he laugh until he begin to cough . the Foreman look at he watch and compare it with the clock . the 3rd juror take a cup of water from the water - cooler , move to the 2nd juror and look around the room as he sip the water . 3rd juror ( to the 2nd juror ) how would you like it ? 2nd juror . ( mildly ) I do not know , it be pretty interesting . 3rd juror yeah ? I be fall asleep . 2nd juror I mean , I have never be on a jury before . oe — first draft - 2/14/96 3rd juror really ? I have sit on jury , and it always amaze I the way this lawyer can talk , and talk and talk , even when the case be as obvious as this one . I mean , do you ever hear so much talk about nothing ? 2nd juror well , I guess they be entitle . 3rd juror sure they be . everybody deserve a fair trial . that 's the system . listen , I be the last one to say anything against it , but I be tell you sometimes I think we would be better off if we take this tough kid . and slap them down before they make trouble , you know ? save we a lot of time and money . the 2nd juror look nervously at the 3rd juror , nod , rise , move to the water - cooler , refill he cup and stand alone , sip . 7th juror ( to the Foreman ) hey , how about get start here ? 3rd juror yeah , let 's get this over with . we have probably all get thing todo . foreman well , I be figure we would take a five- minute break . I mean , one man 's in the bathroom ... 5th juror ( to the Foreman , hesitantly ) be we go to sit in order ? foreman . what ? I do not know . I suppose so . the 8th juror be look out the window . 12th juror ( to the 8th juror ) not a bad view . ( the 8th juror nod ) what d' you think of the case ? first draft - 2/14/96 6 12th juror ( cont ) ( the 8th juror do not answer ) it have a-lot of interest for I . no dead spot -- know what I mean ? I [ '11 tell you we be lucky to get a murder case . I figure we for a burglary or a assault or something . that can be the dullest . ( he look out of the window ) say , be not that the woolworth Building ? 8th juror that 's right . 12 th juror funny , I have live here all my life and I have never be in it . the 8th juror gaze ' out of the window . the 12th juror look at he ~ for a moment then move away . the 7th juror , talk with the 10th juror , laugh ) . 10 th juror yeah , can you imagine , sit there for three day just for this ? 7th juror and what about that business with the knife ? I mean , ask grow - up people to believe that kind of bullshit . 10 th juror well , look , you have gotta expect that . you know what you be deal with . 7th juror yeah , I suppose so . . ( the 10th juror blow he nose vigorously ) what 's the matter , you get a cold ? 10 th juror and how . this hot weather cold can kill you . I can hardly touch my nose . know what I mean ? ( he blow he nose loudly ) yr first draft - 2/14/96 7th juror : well , you horn 's all right . now try you light . ( the 7th juror climb on to the bench and try the fan ) oh , that 's beautiful , the fan do not work . ( he step down ) somebody take a letter to . the mayor . " dear stingy ... " the 3rd juror move about the 4th juror , lean over and scan the 4th juror 's newspaper . the Foreman climb on the bench and examine the fan ) 3rd juror ( to the 4th juror ) I do not get a chance to look at the newspaper today . anything new go on ? 4th juror I be just wonder how the market close . 3rd juror I would not know . say , be you on the Exchange or something ? 4th juror I be a broker . 3rd juror really ? I run a messenger service . " the beck and call company . " the name 's by wife 's idea . I employ thirty - seven people ... start with nothing ... 7th juror ( look at he watch ) hey , Mr. Foreman , let 's go . what d ' you say ? foreman all right , gentleman . let 's take seat . er ET gf first draft - 2/14/96 7th juror ( to the 2nd juror ) this better be fast . I get ticket to a ball game tonight . yankee -- Cleveland . we get this new kid pitching , modjelewski , or whatever he name be . he 's a bull , this kid . ( he shoot he hand forward and out to indicate the path of a curve ball ) shhooooooom . a real jug handle . ( no reaction at all from the 2nd juror ) you be quite a ball fan , be not you ? ( he turn to the Foreman ) where do you want we to sit ? foreman well , I be think we ought to sit in order , by jury number . ( he point with each number ) two , three , four , and so on , if that 's okay with you gentleman . 10th . juror what 's the difference ? 4th juror I think it 's reasonable to sit accord to number . 10 th juror ( rise ) let it be . he move and sit on chair 10 . the juror begin to take they seat . the 8th juror continue to star out of the window . the 9th juror be still in the lavatory . 12 juror ( to the 11th juror ) what be you impression of the prosecute attorney ? 11th juror ( with a german accent ) I beg pardon ? 12th juror I think he be really sharp . I mean , the way he hammer home he point , one by one , in logical sequence . wy = wt os =a first draft - 2/14/96 12 juror ( cont ) it take a good brain to do that . I be very impressed . 11th juror yes , I think he do a expert job . : 12 th juror I mean , he have a lot of drive , too . Real drive . 7th juror okay , let 's get this show on the road . foreman ( to the 8th juror ) how about sit down ? ( the 8th juror do not hear the Foreman ) the gentleman at the window . ( the 8th juror turn , startle ) how about sit down ? 8th juror oh , I be sorry . he move he chair and sit . the 9th juror enter the washroom from the lavatory and wash he hand . 10 th juror ( across the table to the 4th juror ) it 's pretty tough to figure , be not it ? a kid kill he father . Bing ! just like that . 12th juror well , if you analyze the figure ... 10 th juror what figure , it 's that people . I be tellin ' you they let the kid run wild up there . well , maybe it serve ‘em right . know what I mean ? foreman be everybody here ? — vv ow '' oy first draft - 2/14/96 10 6th juror ( with a gesture towards the washroom ) the old man 's inside . foreman would you knock on the door ? the 6th juror rise and move to the washroom door . 7th juror ( to the 5th juror ) hey , you a yankee fan ? 5 th juror no. milwaukee . 7th juror milwaukee ! that 's like be hit on the head with a crowbar once a day . listen , who they get ... ( the 6th juror knock on the washroom door ) ... I be ask you , who they get besides great grounds - keeper ? the 9th juror enter from the washroom . foreman ( to the 7th juror ) we would like to get start 9th juror I be sorry . ( he cross to he seat ) 7th juror milwaukee ! 9th juror I do not mean to keep you wait . foreman all right . now you gentleman can handle this any way you want to . I mean , I be not go to have any rule . if we want to discuss it first and then vote , that 's one way . or we can vote right now to see how we stand . ( he pause and look around ) well , that 's all I have to say . slowly . first draft - 2/14/96 4th juror I think it 's customary to take a preliminary vote . 7th juror yeah , let 's vote . who know , maybe we can all go home . foreman it 's up to you . just let 's remember we have get a first degree murder charge here . if we vote " guilty " we send the accuse to the electric chair . that 's mandatory . 4th juror I think we all know that . 3rd juror come on , let 's vote . 10 th juror yeah , let 's see who 's where . foreman anybody do not want to vote ? ( he look around , the other be silent ) all right . this have to be a twelve - to -nothing vote either way . that 's the law . okay , be we ready ? all that voting " guilty " raise you hand . Seven or eight hand go up immediately . several other go up more everyone look around the table as the Foreman rise and begin to count hand . the 9th juror 's hand go up now , and all hand be raise except the 8th juror 's . foreman ... nine -- ten -- eleven . that 's eleven for " guilty " . okay , " not guilty . " the 8th juror slowly raise he hand . he resume he seat . foreman one. right . okay , eleven to one -- " guilty " . now we know where we be . 10 th juror boy-oh -boy ! there 's always one . } s=s — a T — — a first draft - 2/14/96 7th juror ( after a pause ) so what do we do now ? 8th juror well , I guess we talk . 10 th juror boy-oh-boy ! 3rd juror ( lean over towards the 8th juror ) well , look , do you really think he 's innocent ? 8 th juror I do not know . 3rd juror I mean , let 's be reasonable . you sit in court and hear the same thing we do . the man 's a dangerous killer . you could see it . 8th juror the man ! he 's sixteen year old . ' 3rd juror well , that 's old enough . he knife he own father . four inch into the chest . 6th juror ( to the 8th juror ) it 's pretty obvious . I mean , I be convinced from the first day . 3rd juror well , who be not ? ( to the 8th juror ) I really think this be one of that open and shut thing . they prove it a dozen different way . would you like I to list they for you ? 8th juror no . 10 th juror then what . do you want ? 8th juror nothing . I just want to talk . first draft - 2/14/96 . 7th juror well , what 's there to talk about ? eleven man here agree . nobody have to think twice about it , except you . 10 th juror I want to ask you something . do you believe he story ? 8th juror I do not know whether I believe it or not . maybe I do not . 7th juror so what would you vote " not guilty " for ? 8th juror there be eleven vote for '' guilty . '' it 's not easy for I to raise my hand and send a°boy off to die without talk about it first . 7th juror who say it 's . easy for I ? 8 th juror no-one. 7th juror what , just because I vote fast ? I think the guy 's guilty . you could not change my mind if you talk for a hundred year . 8th juror I be not try to change you mind . it 's just that we be talk about somebody 's life here . I mean , we can not decide in five minute . suppose we be wrong ? 7th juror suppose we be wrong ! suppose this whole building fall on my head . you can suppose anything . 8th juror that 's right . ss ST rs sp ET first draft - 2/14/96 7th juror ( after a pause ) what 's the difference how long it take ? we honestly think he 's guilty . so suppose we finish in five minute ? so what ? 8th juror let 's take a hour . the ball game do not start till eight o'clock . 7th juror ( smile ) okay , slugger , be my guest . there be a silence . foreman ( hesitantly ) well , who 's get something to say ? he look at the 2nd juror . 2nd juror not I . 9th juror I be willing to put in a hour . 10 th juror great . I hear a pretty good story last night . this woman come run into the doctor 's office , stripped to the waist ... 8th juror that 's not what we be sit here for . 10 th juror all right , then you tell I . what be we sit here for ? 8th juror maybe for no reason . I do not know . look , this boy 's be kick around all he life . you know -- live in a slum , he mother dead since he be nine . he spend a year and a half in a orphanage while he father serve a jail term for forgery . that 's not a very good head start . he 's have a pretty terrible sixteen year . first draft - 2/14/96 8th juror ( cont ) I think maybe we owe he a few word . that 's all . 10 th juror I do not mind tell you this , mister . we do not owe he a thing . he get a fair trial , do not he ? what d' you think the trial cost ? he 's lucky he get it . know what I mean ? ( he rise and look around at the other ) look , we be all grow - up here . we hear the fact , do not we ? now you be not go to tell we that we be suppose to believe that kid , know what he be . listen , I have live among them all my life . you can not believe a word they say . you know that . I mean , they be bear liar . 9th juror it suddenly occur to I that you must be a ignorant man . 10 th juror what do you mean ? what 's he talk about ? 9th juror do you think you have a monopoly on the truth ? 10 th juror what be you make a Federal case out of it for ? ( to the other ) how d'ya like this guy ? 9th juror ( to the other ) I think certain thing should be point out to this man . 3rd juror all right . it 's not Sunday . we do not need a sermon in here . 10 th juror Monopoly ! for chrissake . first draft - 2/14/96 16 the 9th juror half rise but then feel the 8th juror 's hand firmly on he arm , gently pull he down . the 12th juror doodle on he notepad . : . 4th juror I do not see any need for argue like this . I think we ought to be able to behave like gentleman . if we be go to discuss this case , let 's stick to the fact . foreman I think that 's a good point . we have a job to do . let 's do it . maybe if the gentleman who 's disagreeing down there could tell we why . you know , tell -us what he think -- we could show he where he 's probably mix up . 11 th juror ( look at the .12th juror 's doodle ) what 's that ? 12th juror mmm ? ( he hold up the doodle ) it 's one of the product I work on at the ad Agency . Rice pop . " the Breakfast with the built - in bounce . " I write that line . 11th juror ( smile in spite of himself ) it 's very catchy . foreman if you do not mind ! the 2nd juror rise , go to the coat-hook and take a package of cough drop from he jacket pocket ) 12th juror I be sorry . I have this habit of doodling . it keep I think clearly . foreman we be try to get some place here . y'know we can sit here forever ... first draft - 2/14/96 12th juror well , look , maybe this be a idea . I be just think out loud , but it seem to I it 's up to we to convince this gentleman -- ( he indicate the 8th juror ) that we be right and he 's wrong . maybe if we each take a minute or two . I mean it 's just a quick think ... foreman no , I think it 's a good one . suppose we go once around the table . : 7th juror anything . let 's start it off . foreman okay . . ( to the 7th juror ) how about you go first ? 7th juror not I . I think we oughta go in order . foreman that sound fair . okay , in order -- a coupla minute apiece . ( to the 2nd juror ) I guess you be first . 2nd juror oh. well -- ( he pause nervously ) well , it 's hard to put into word . I just -- think he 's guilty . I think it be obvious from the word go . I mean nobody prove otherwise . 8th juror nobody have to prove otherwise . the burden of proof be on the prosecution . the defendant do not have to open he mouth . that 's in the constitution . you have hear of it . first draft + 2/14/96 2nd juror ( flustered ) well , sure I have hear of it . I know what it be . I -- what I mean -- well , the man be guilty . I mean , somebody see he do it . he look around helplessly . 3rd juror okay . ( he refer to he note ) now here 's what I think , and I have no personal feeling about this . I be talk fact . number one . let 's take the old man who live on the second floor right underneath the room where the murder take place . at ten minute after twelve on the night of the kill he hear loud noise in the apartment upstairs . he say it sound like a fight . then he hear the kid shout out , " I be gonna kill you . " A. second later he hear a body fall and he run to the door of he apartment , look out and see the kid run down the stair and out of the house . then he call the police . they find the father with a knife in he chest . foreman and the coroner fix the time of the death at around midnight . 3rd juror right . I mean , there be fact for you . you can not refute fact . this boy be guilty . look , I be as sentimental as the next guy . I know the kid be only sixteen , but he 's still get to pay for what he do . 7th juror I be with you , pop . 4th juror ( remove he eyeglass ) it be obvious to I , anyway , that the boy 's entire story be flimsy . he claim he be at the movie during the time of the kill and yet one hour later he could not ge a first draft - 2/14/96 19 4th juror ( cont ) remember what film he see or who play in they . 3rd juror that 's right . do you hear that ? ( to the 4th juror ) you be absolutely right . . _ 4 th juror no- one see he go into or out of the theater . 10 th juror listen , what about that woman across the street ? if she testimony do not prove it , nothing do . : 11th juror that 's right . she be the one who actually see the kill . foreman ( half rise ) let 's go in order here . 10 th juror ( rise , handkerchief in hand ) just a minute . here 's a woman ... ( he blow he nose ) here 's a woman who 's lie in bed and can not sleep . she 's die with the heat . know what I mean ? . anyway , she look out the window and right across the street she see the kid stick the knife into he father . the time be twelve - ten on . the nose . everything fit . look , she 's know the kid all he life . his window be right opposite hers , across the el track , and she swore she see he do it . 8th juror through the window of a pass elevate train . 10 th juror right . this el train have no passenger on it . it be just be move downtown . the light be out , remember ? and they prove in court that at night you can look through the window of a el train when the light be out and see what 's first draft - 2/14/96 20 10 th juror ( cont ) happen on the other side . they prove it . 8th juror ( to the 10th juror ) I would like to ask you something . 10 th juror sure . 8th juror you do not believe the boy . how come you believe the woman ? she 's one of " they " , too , be not she ? 10 th juror ( suddenly angry ) you be a pretty smart fellow , be not - you ? he cross towards the 8th juror . several juror rise as if to ' intercept the 10th juror . the 10th juror foreman hey , let 's take it easy . 10 th jury ( angrily ) what 's he so wise about ? I be tell you ... 3rd juror come on . sit down . what be you let he get you all upset for ? sit . foreman let 's calm down now . let 's try to keep it peaceful in here . whose turn be it ? 12 th juror ( indicate the 5th juror ) his. foreman okay . ( to the 5th juror ) you have get two minute . first draft - 2/14/96 21 5th juror ( look nervously around ) I will pass it . foreman that 's you privilege . how about the next gentleman . 6th juror I do not know . I start to be convinced , uh -- you know , very early in the case .. well , I be look for the motive . that 's very important . if there 's no motive , where 's the case ? so , anyway , that testimony from that people across the hall from the kid 's apartment , that be very powerful . do not they say something about a argument between the father and the boy around seven o'clock that night ? I mean , I can be wrong . : 11 th juror it be eight o'clock . not seven . 8th juror that 's right . eight o'clock . they hear a argument , but they could not hear . what it be about . then they hear the father hit the boy twice , and finally they see the boy walk angrily out of the house . what do that prove ? 6th juror well , it do not exactly prove anything . it 's just part of the picture . I do not say it prove anything . 8th juror you say it reveal a motive for the kill . the prosecute attorney say the same thing . well , I do not think it 's a very strong motive . this boy have be hit so many time in he life that violence be practically a normal state of affair for he . I can not see two slap in the face provoking he into commit murder . first draft - 2/14/96 not not 4th juror ( quietly ) : it may have be two slap too many . everyone have a break point . foreman ( to the 6th juror ) anything else ? 6th juror no. * foreman okay . ( to the 7th juror ) how about the next gentleman ? 7th juror I ? . ( he pause , look around , shrug ) I do not know , it 's practically all say already . we can talk about it forever . I mean , this kid be oh for five . look at he record . he be in Chidren 's Court when he be ten for throw a rock at he teacher . at fourteen he be in Reform School . he steal a car . he 's be arrest for mugging . he be pick up twice for tyre to slash another teenager with a knife . he 's real quick with switch knife , they say . this be a very fine boy . 8th juror ever since he be five year old he father beat he up regularly . he use he fist . 7th juror so would I . a kid like that . 4th juror would not you call that beating a motive for he to kill he father ? a ST first draft - 2/14/96 he break off . embarrassed . 8th juror ( after a pause ) I do not know . it 's a motive for he to be a angry kid . I '11 say that . 3rd juror it 's the kid , the way they be mowaday . angry ! hostile ! you can not do a damn thing with they . just . the way they talk to you . listen , when I be he age I use to call my father . " Sir " . that 's right . Sir ! you ever hear a boy call he father that any more ? 8th juror father do not seem to think it 's important any more . 3rd juror no ? have you get any kid ? 8 th juror two. 3rd juror yeah , well I have get one . he 's twenty . we do everything for that boy and what happen ? when he be nine he run away from a fight . I see he . I be so ashamed I almost throw up . so I tell he right out . " I be gonna make a man outta you or I be gonna bust you in half try . " well , I make a man outta he all - right . when he be sixteen we have a battle . he hit I in the face . he 's big , y'know . I have not see he in two year . rotten kid . you work you heart out ... he have say more than he intend . he be 3rd juror all right . let 's get on with it . 4 th juror ( rise ) I think we be miss the point here . this boy , let 's say he 's a product of a filthy neighborhood and a break home . we can not help that . first draft - 2/14/96 24 4th juror ( cont ) we be here to decide whether he 's guilty or ' '' innocent of murder , not to go into reason why he grow up this way : he be bear in a slum . slum be breeding grounds for criminal . I know it . so - do you . it 's no secret : Children from slum background be potential menace to society . now I think ... 10 th juror ( interrupt ) brother , you can say that again . the kid who crawl outta that place be real trash . I do not want any part of they . I be tell you . 5th juror ( rise ) I have live in a slum all my life ... I nurse that trash in harlem Hospital six night a week . 10 th juror oh , now wait a second ... 5 th juror I use to play in a back yard that be fill with garbage . maybe it still smell on I . 10 th juror ( he anger rise ) now listen , sonny ... foreman ( to the 5th juror ) now let 's be reasonable . there 's nothing personal ... 5th juror ( loudly ) there be something personal ! the 3rd juror move to the 5th juror and pat he on the shoulder . the 5th juror do not look up . 3rd juror come on , now . he do not mean you , feller . let 's not be so sensitive . 11th juror this sensitivity I understand . first draft - 2/14/96 25 foreman all right : let 's stop all this argue . we be waste time here . ( he point to the 8th juror ) it 's you turn . let 's go . 8th juror well , I do not expect a turn . I think you be all suppose to be convincing I . be not that the idea ? foreman check . I forget about that . 10 th juror well , what 's the difference ? he 's the one who 's keep we here . let 's hear what he 's get to say . foreman now just a second . we decide to do it a certain way . l let 's stick to what we say . 10 th juror ( disgust ) ah , stop bein 's a kid , will you ? foreman a kid ! listen , what do you mean by that ? 10 th juror what d'ya think I mean ? k-i-d , kid ! foreman . what , just because I be try to keep this thing organize ? listen . ( he rise ) you want to do it ? here . you sit here . you take the responsibility . I will just shut up , that 's all . 10 th juror listen , what be you gettin’ so hot about ? calm down , will ya ? first draft - 2/14/96 26 foreman do not tell I to calm down . here ! here 's the chair . you keep it goin ' smooth and everything . what d'ya think , it 's a snap ' ? come on , Mr. Foreman . let 's see how great you would run the show . 10 th juror ( to 11th juror ) - do y'ever see such a thing ? foreman you think it 's funny or something ? 12 th juror take it easy . the whole thing 's unimportant . foreman unimportant ? you want to try it ? 12 th juror no. listen , you be do a beautiful job . nobody want to change . 7th juror yeah , you be do great . hang in there and pitch . 10 th juror all right . let 's hear from somebody . there be a pause . 8th juror well , if you want I to tell you how I feel about it right now , it 's all right with I . foreman ( softly ) I do not care what you do . 8th juror ( after a pause ) all right . I have not get anything brilliant . I only know as much as you do . accord to the testimony the boy look guilty . maybe he be . I sit there in court for three day listen while the evidence build first draft - 2/14/96 8th juror ( cont ) up . everybody sound so positive that I start to get a peculiar feel about this trial . I mean , nothing be that positive . I have question I would have like to ask . maybe they would not have mean anything . I do not know . but I start to feel that the defense counsel be not do he job . he let too many thing go . Little thing . 10 th juror what little thing ? listen , when this guy do not ask question , that 's because they know the answer already and they figure they will be hurt . 8th juror maybe . it 's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid , be not it ? 6th juror you sound like you have meet my brother - in- law . a few juror laugh . 8th juror ( smile ) : I keep put myself in the boy 's place . I would have ask for another lawyer , I think . I mean , if I be on trial for my life I would want my lawyer to tear the prosecution witness to shred , or at least to try . look , there be one alleged eye-witness to this kill . someone else claim he hear the kill and then see the boy run out afterwards . there be a lot of circumstantial evidence , but actually that two witness be the entire case for the prosecution . suppose they be wrong ? 12th juror what do you mean , " suppose they be wrong ? " what 's the point of have witness at all ? " first draft - 2/14/96 28 8th juror could they be wrong ? / 12th juror they sit on the stand under oath . what be you try to say ? 8th juror they be only people . people make mistake . could they be wrong ? 12 juror I ... no ! I do not think so . 8 th juror do you know so ? 12 juror well , now , listen . nobody can know a thing like that . this be not a exact science . . 8th juror that 's right . it be not . 3rd juror ( rise angrily ) all right . - ( to the 8th juror ) let 's try to get to the point here . what about the switch - knife they find in the father 's chest ? 2nd juror well , wait a minute . I think we oughta ... there be some people who have not talk yet . should not we ...? 3rd juror look , they can talk whenever they like . now just be quiet a second , will you . ( he turn to the 8th juror ) okay , what about the knife ? you know , the one that fine , upright boy admit buy on the night of the murder . let 's talk about that . 8th juror all right , let 's talk about it . let 's get it in here and look at it . I would like to see it again . ( he turn to the Foreman ) Mr. Foreman ? first draft - 2/14/96 9 the Foreman rise and cross to the door . 3rd juror we all know what it look like . the Foreman knock on the door . the Guard enter . the Foreman whisper to he . the Guard nod and exit . 3rd juror what be we gonna get out of see it again ? 5 th juror you bring it up . 4th juror the gentleman have a right to see exhibit in evidence . ( to the 8th juror ) the knife , and the way it be buy , be pretty strong evidence . do not you think so ? 8th juror I do . 4th juror good . now suppose we take this fact one at a time . one . the boy admit go out of he house at eight o'clock on the night of the murder after be punch several time by he father . 8th juror he do not say " punch " . he say " hit " . there 's a difference between a slap and a punch . 4th juror after be hit several time by he father , two . the boy go directly to a neighborhood junk shop where he buy a ... what do you call this thing -- ' 3rd juror switch -knive . 3rd juror/4th juror --a switchblade knife . first draft - 2/14/96 30 . 4th juror ( to the 3rd juror ) thank you : Three . this be not what you would call a ordinary knife . it have a very unusual carve handle . four . the storekeeper who sell it to he identify the knife in court and say it be the only one of its kind he have ever have in stock . five . at , oh , about eight - forty - five the boy run into three friend of he in front of a diner . be I correct so far ? 8th juror yes , you be . 3rd juror ( to the 8th juror ) you bet he be . ( to the other ) now listen to this man . he know what he 's talk about . 4th juror - the boy talk with he friend for about a hour , leave they at nine - forty - five . during this time they see the switch - knife . six . each of they identify the death weapon in court as that same knife . Seven . the boy arrive home at about ten o'clock . now this be where the storey offer by the boy and the State begin to diverge slightly . he claim that he stay home until eleven - thirty and then go to one of that all - night movie . he return home at about three - fifteen in the morning to find he father dead and himself arrest . now , what happen to the switch - knife ? this be the charming and imaginative little fable the boy invent . he claim that the knife fall through a hole in he pocket some time between eleven - thirty and three - fifteen while he be on he trip to the movie and that he never see it again . now this be a tale , gentleman . I think it 's quite clear that the boy never go to the movie that night . first draft - 2/14/96 31 4th juror ( cont ) no one in the house saw-him go out at eleven-thirty . no one at the theater identify he . he could not even remember the name of the picture he see . what actually happen be this : the boy stay home , have . another fight with he father , stab he to death with the knife at ten minute after twelve and fle from the house . he even remember to wipe the knife clean of fingerprint . the Guard enter carry a curiously design knife with a tag hang from -it . the 4th juror go to the Guard , take the knife from he . the guard exit . 4th juror ( cont ) everyone connect with the case identify the knife . now be you try to tell I that it really fall through a hole in the boy 's pocket and that someone pick it up off the ' street , go to the boy 's house and stab he father with it just to be amusing ? 8th juror no. I be say it 's possible that the boy lose the knife and that someone else stab he father with a similar knife . it 's possible . the 4th juror flick open the knife and jam it into the table . 4th juror take a look at that knife . I have never see one like it . neither have the storekeeper who sell it to the boy . be not you ask we to accept a pretty incredible coincidence ? 8th juror I be not ask anyone to accept it . I be just say that it 's possible . 3rd juror ( shouting ) and I be say it 's not possible . first draft - 2/14/96 : 2 the 8th juror stand for a moment in silence , then he reach into he pocket and swiftly withdraw a knife . he old it in front of he face and flick open the blade , then he lean forward and stick the knife into the table alongside the other . they be exactly alike . there be a burst of sound in the room . the 8th juror stand back from the table , watch . 6th juror look at it ! it 's the same knife . 7th juror what be this ? 12th juror where would that come from ? 2nd juror how d' you like that ? 3rd . juror ( look at the 8th juror , amaze ) what be you try to do ? 10 th juror yeah . what 's go on here ? who do you think you be ? 4th juror quiet ! let 's be quiet . ( to the 8th juror ) be d' you get that knife ? 8th juror . I be walk for a couple of hour last night , just think . I walk through the boy 's neighborhood . the knife come from a little pawnshop three block from he house . it cost six dollar . 4th juror it 's against the law to buy or sell switch - blade knife . 8th juror that 's right . I break the law . 3rd juror listen . you pull a real bright trick here . now suppose you tell I what you prove ? maybe there be ten knife like that . so what ? first draft - 2/14/96 33 8th juror maybe there be . 3rd juror so what do that mean ? it 's the same kind of knife . so what 's that ? the discovery of the age or something ? 11th juror it would still be a incredible coincidence for another person to have stab the father with the same kind of knife . 3rd juror that 's right ! he 's right . 7th juror the odd be a million to one . 8th juror it 's possible . 4th juror but not very probable . foreman listen , let 's take seat . there 's no point in milling around here . they begin to move back to they seat . the 8th juror stand watch . 2nd juror it 's interesting that he would find a knife exactly like the one the boy buy . 3rd juror what 's interesting ? you think it prove anything ? 2nd juror well , no . I be just ... 3rd juror interesting ! ( he point at the 8th juror ) listen , how come the kid buy the knife to begin with ? 8th juror well , he claim that ... first draft - 2/14/96 34 3rd juror I know . he claim he buy it as a present for a friend of he . he be gonna give it to he the next day because he bust the other kid 's knife drop it on the pavement . 8th juror that 's what he say . 7th juror baloney ! 9th juror the friend testify that the boy do break he knife . 3rd juror yeah . and how long before the kill ? Three week . right ? so how come we noble lad buy this knife one half hour after he father smack he and three and a half hour before they find it shove up to here in the father 's chest ? 7th juror well , he be gonna give the knife to he friend . he just want to use it for a minute . there be scattered laughter . 8th juror ( to the 3rd juror ) let I ask you this . it 's one of the question I want to ask in court . if the boy buy the knife to use on he father , how come he show what be go to be the murder weapon to three friend of he just a couple of hour before the kill ? 3rd juror listen , all of this be just talk . the boy lie and you know it . 8th juror he may have lie . ( to 10th juror ) do you think he lie ? first draft - 2/14/96 35 10 th juror now that 's a stupid question . sure he lie . 8th juror ( to 4th juror ) do you ? 4th juror you do not have to ask I that . you know my answer . he lie . 8th juror ( to 5th juror ) do you think he lie ? 5th juror I think maybe he ... he break off and look nervously around . 3rd juror ( leaping into the breach ) maybe ! now wait a second . ( to 8th juror ) what be you , the kid 's lawyer or something ? who do you think you be to start cross-examing we ? 8th juror be not that what 's suppose to happen in a jury room ? 3rd juror listen , there be still eleven of we in here who think he 's guilty . 7th juror yeah . what do you think you be gonna accomplish ? you be not gonna change anybody 's mind . so if you want to be stubborn and hang this jury , go ahead . the kid 's be try again and find guilty sure as he 's bear . 8th juror you be probably right . 7th juror - so what be you gonna do about it ? we can be here all night . 9th juror it 's only one night . a boy may die . first draft - 2/14/96 36 7th juror brother . anybody get a deck of card ? ~ 2nd juror ( to the Foreman ) I do not think he ought to make a joke about it . foreman what do you want I to do ? 10 th juror listen , I do not see what all this stuff about the knife have to do with anything . somebody see the kid stab he father . what more do we need ? I get three garage of mind go to pot while you be talk . let 's get do and get outta here . 11th juror the knife be very important to the district attorney . he spend one whole morning ... 10 th juror he 's a fifteenth assistant or something . what do he know ? foreman okay . I think we oughta get on with it now . this side argument only slow we up . ( to the 8th juror ) what about it ? 6th juror ( to the 8th juror ) you be the only one . 8th juror I have a proposition to make to all of you . I want to call for a vote . I would like you eleven man to vote by secret write ballot . I will abstain . if there be still eleven vote for guilty , I will not stand alone . we will take a guilty verdict in to the judge right now . but if anyone vote not guilty , we will stay and talk this thing out . not first draft - 2/14/96 37 8th juror ( cont ) ( he pause ) well , that 's all . i£ you want to try it , I be ready . 3rd juror well , finally you be behave like a reasonable man . 12th juror check . i'11 buy that . 7th juror okay . let 's do it . foreman that sound fair . some of the juror nod . the 8th juror move to the window . foreman ( cont ) anyone do not agree ? okay . pass this along . he pass out the slip of paper . the 8th juror stand watch the other . the juror pass the slip along . finally each of they begin to write . now some of they begin to fold they slip and pass they back to the Foreman . the Foreman stack all the slip on the table in front of he . he pick up the first slip of paper , open it and read : foreman ~ guilty . ( he open and read the other slip in turn ) guilty . guilty . guilty . guilty . guilty . guilty . guilty . guilty . not. guilty . there be a babble of voice . the 8th juror relax , move to he chair and sit . Foreman read the last slip . foreman guilty . 10 th juror Boy ! how do you like that ? 7th juror } and another chap flip he goddam wig ! first draft - 2/14/96 38 10 th juror all right , who be it ? come on . I want to khow . 11th juror Excuse I . this be a secret ballot . we agree on this . . 3rd juror secret ? what d'ya mean , secret ? there be no secret in a jury room . I know who it be . ( he. cross to the 5th juror ) brother , you be really something ! you come in here and you vote guilty like everybody else , and then this golden -voice preacher over here start to tear you heart out with storey about a poor little kid who just could not help become a murderer . so you change you vote . if that be not the most sicken ... why do n'tcha drop a quarter in he . collection box ? 5 th juror now wait a minute . ( the 3rd juror turn away ) you can not talk to I like that ! the 3rd juror turn to face he . the 4th juror slip in between they and take the 5th juror by the arm . 5th juror no. ( he shake off the 4th juror ) . where do he get the right to shout at I ? 4th juror all right . let 's calm down . 5th juror who do he think he be ? I mean , do you see he ? 4th juror just sit down . he 's very excitable . forget it . it do not matter . first draft - 2/14/96 39 3rd juror you bet I !m excitable . we be try to put a guilty man into the chair where he belong and all of a sudden somebody 's tell we fairy tale -- and we be listen . 2nd juror ( mildly ) take it easy . 3rd juror what do you mean -- take it easy ! d' you feel like see a prove murderer walk the street ? why do not we give he he knife back ? make it easier for he . foreman okay , let 's stop the yell . who 's get something constructive to say ? 11th juror please . I would like to say something here . I have always think that in this country a man be entitle to have unpopular opinion ... , 7th juror let 's stick to the subject . ( to the 5th juror ) what make you change you vote ? 9th juror he do not change he vote . I do . would you like I to tell you why ? 7th juror no , I would not like you to tell I why . 9th juror well I would like to make it clear , anyway , if you do not mind . 10 th juror do we have to listen to this ? 6th juror hey look ! the man want to talk . first draft - 2/14/96 40 9th juror thank you . ( to the 7th juror ) this gentleman -- ( he indicate the 8th juror ) have be stand alone against we . he do not say the boy be not guilty . he just be not sure . well , it 's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of other . he gamble for support and I give it to he . I respect he motive . the boy on trial be probably guilty . but I want to hear more . ( the 7th juror cross to the washroom ) for the time be the vote be ten to two . . ( the 7th juror enter the washroom , slam the door after he ) : I be talk here . you have no right to ... 8th juror ( to 9th juror ) he can not hear you . he never will . let 's sit down . 3rd juror well , if the speech be over , maybe we can go on . foreman I think we ought to take a break . one man 's inside there . let 's wait for he . the Foreman move above the table.to where the two knife be stick into it . he pluck the tag knife out and close it . 12th juror ( to 11th juror ) look like we be really hang up here . I mean , that thing with the old man be pretty unexpected . I wish I know how we could break this up . ( he suddenly smile ) y'know , in advertising ... I tell you I work at a ad agency , do not I ? the Foreman cross to the door and knock . the Guard enter . the Foreman hand he the knife . the Guard exit . first draft - 2/14/96 a 12th juror well , there be some pretty strange people -- not strange , really -- they just have peculiar way of express themselves , y'know what I mean ? ( the 11th juror nod ) well , it 's probably the same in you business -- right ? what do you do ? 11th juror I be a watchmaker . 12th juror really ? the finest watchmaker come from Europe , I imagine . the llth juror bow slightly . the 6th juror rise , go into the bathroom . 12 juror anyway , I be tell you -- in the agency , when they reach a point like this in a meeting , there 's always ' some character ready with a idea . and it kill I , I mean it 's the weirdest thing sometimes the way they precede the idea with some kind of phrase . like -- oh , some account exec will say , " here 's a idea . let 's run it up the flagpole and see if anyone salute it , " or " put it ona bus and see if it get off at Wall Street . " I mean , it 's idiotic , but it 's funny . 8th juror go into the washroom and hang he jacket on a hook . 3rd juror cross to 5th juror . - 3rd juror ( to 5th juror ) look , I be a little excited . well , you know how it be -- I do not mean to get nasty or anything . 5th juror cross away from 3rd juror without answer . 7th juror step away from the washbasin and dry he hand . the 8th juror cross to washbasin . 7th juror ( to 8th juror ) say , be you a salesman ? 8th juror I be a architect . first draft - 2/14/96 42 7th juror you know what the soft sell be ? you be pretty good at it . I will tell ya . I get a different technique . joke . drink . knock them on they ass . I make twenty - seven thousand last year sell marmalade . that 's not bad . consider marmalade . ( he watch the 8th juror for a moment ) what be ya get out of it -- kick ? the boy be guilty , pal . so let 's go home before we get sore throat . 8th juror what 's the difference whether you get one here or at the ball game ? 7th juror no difference pal ... no difference at all . 7th juror exit the washroom . 6th juror enter from the lavatory , go to the washbasin and wash he hand . 6th juror ( to the 8th juror ) Nice bunch of guy . 8th juror I guess they be the same as any . 6th juror that loud , heavy - set guy , the one who be tellin' we about he kid -- the way he be talk -- boy , that be a embarrassing thing . 8th juror yeah . 6th juror what a murderous day . you think we will be here much longer ? 8th juror I do not know . 6th juror he 's guilty for sure . there 's not a doubt in the whole world . we shoulda be do already . listen , I do not care , y'know . it beat workin’ . first draft - 2/14/96 43 6th juror ( cont ) ( 8th juror smile ) you think he 's innocent ? 8th juror I do not know . it 's possible . 6th juror I do not know you , but I be bettin ' you have never be wronger in you . life . y'oughta wrap it up . you be wastin ' you time . 8th juror suppose you be the one on trial ? 6th juror I be not use to suppose . I be just a work man . my boss do the suppose . but I will try one . suppose you talk we all outta this and the kid really do knife he father ? the 6th juror look at the 8th juror for a moment . then go into do the jury room . the 8th juror stand alone for a few moment and we know that this be the problem which have be torment he . he do not know , and never will . he switch out the washroom light , go into the jury room . foreman okay , let 's take seat . 2nd juror look like we will be here for dinner . foreman okay . let 's get down to business . - who want to start it off ? there be a pause , then the 4th and 6th juror start to speak at the same time . 6th juror/4th juror well , I would like to make a point ... 6th juror ( to the 4th juror ) pardon I . ' 4 th juror /6th juror maybe it would be profitable if we ... first draft - 2/14/96 44 4th juror ( t6 the 6th juror ) I be sorry , go ahead . 6th juror I do not mean to interrupt . 4th juror no. go ahead . it 's all right . 6th juror well , I be go to say , well , this be probably a small point , but anyway ... ( to the 8th juror ) the boy have a motive for the kill . you know , the beating and all . so if he do not do it , who do ? who else have the motive ? that 's my point . JI mean , nobody go out and kill someone without a motive , not unless he 's just plain nut . right ? 8th juror as far as I know we be suppose to decide whether or not the boy on trial be guilty beyond a reasonable - doubt . we be not concerned with anyone else 's motive here . that 's a job for the police . 4th juror very true . but we can not help let the only motive we know of creep into we thought , can we ? and we can not help ask ourselves who else might have have a motive . logically , this thing follow . ( he nod towards the 6th juror ) this gentleman be ask a reasonable question .. somebody kill he . if it be not the boy , who be it ? 3rd juror modjelewski . 7th juror you be talk about the man I love ! first draft - 2/14/96 45 4th juror if you have not get anything to add besides joke , I suggest you listen . 3rd juror okay . it 's just let off steam . I be sorry . go ahead . 4th juror ( to the 8th juror ) well , maybe you can answer I . who else might have kill the father ? _ 8 th juror well , I do not know . the father be not exactly a model citizen . the boy 's lawyer outline be background in he . close statement . he be in prison once . he be know to be a compulsive gambler and a pretty consistent loser . . he spend a lot of time in neighborhood bar and he would get into fist fight sometimes after a couple of drink . usually over a woman . he be a tough , cruel , primitive kind of man who never hold a job for more than six month in he life . so here be a few possibility . he could have be murder by one of many man he serve time with in prison . by a bookmaker . by a man he would beat up . by a woman he would pick up . by any one of the rough character he be know to hang out with . 10 th juror boy-oh -boy , that 's the biggest load of crap I ever ... listen , we know the father be a bum . so what have that get to do with anything ? _ 8 th juror I do not bring it up . I be ask who else might have kill he . I give my answer . 9th juror ( point at 4th juror ) that gentleman over there ask a direct question . first draft - 2/14/96 46 10 th juror everyone 's a lawyer ! 3rd juror look , suppose you answer this for I . the old man who live downstairs hear the kid yell out , " I be go to kill you . " a split second later he hear a body hit the floor . then he see the kid run out of the house . now what do all that mean to you ? 8th juror I be wonder how clearly the old man could have hear the boy 's voice through the ceiling . 3rd juror he do not hear it through the ceiling . his window be open and so be the window upstairs . it be a hot night , remember ? 8th juror 's the voice come from another apartment . it 's not easy to identify a voice , especially a shouting voice . foreman he identify it in court . he pick the boy 's voice out of five other voice , blindfolded . 8th juror that be just a ambitious district attorney put on a show . look , the old man know the boy 's voice very well . they have live in the same house for year . but to identify it positively from the apartment downstairs ... be not it possible he be wrong -- that maybe he think the boy be upstairs and automatically decide that the voice he hear be the boy 's voice ? 4th juror I think that 's a bit far-fetched . 10 th juror - brother , you can say that again . ~ — — og sss first draft - 2/14/96 47 10 th juror ( cont ) ( to the 8th juror ) look . the old man hear the father 's body fall and then he see the boy run out of the house fifteen second later . he see the boy . 12 juror check . and do not forget the woman across the street . she look right into the open window and see the boy stab he father . I mean , be not that enough for you ? - 8 th juror not right now . no , it be not . 7th juror how do you like he ? it 's like talk into a dead phone . 4th juror the woman see the kill through the window of a move elevate train . the train have six car and she see it through the window of the last two car . she remember the most significant detail . I do not see how you can argue with that . 3rd juror ( to 8th juror ) well , what have you get to say about it ? 8th juror I do not know . it do not sound right to I . 3rd juror well , suppose you think about it . ( to 12th juror ) lend I you pencil the 12th juror hand the pencil to 3rd juror who start to draw what be obviously a tic-tac - toe pattern on the pad . 8th juror I wonder if anybody have any idea how long it take a elevate train ... first draft - 2/14/96 48 he see 3rd juror and 12th juror play tic-tac -toe , snatch up the pad , tear off the top sheet , crumple it and drop it in the waste basket . . - 3rd juror wait a minute ! 8th juror this be not a game . 3rd juror ( shouting ) who do you think you be ? 12th juror ( to 3rd juror ) all right , take it easy . foreman come on now , sit down . 3rd juror I have get a good mind to belt he one . . foreman now , please ! I do not want any fight in here . 3rd juror do you see he ? the nerve ! the absolute nerve ! 10 th juror all right . forget it . it 's not important . know what I mean ? 3rd juror this be not a game . who do he think he 's deal with here ? foreman come on , now . it 's all over . let 's take we seat . 3rd juror what 's all over ? I want a apology . 6th juror o.k. , noisy . he apologize . now let 's hear what the man have to say . — — owe first draft - 2/14/96 49 8th juror thank you . I wonder if anybody have a idea how long it take a elevate train go at medium . speed to pass a give point ? 7th juror what have that get to do with anything ? 8th juror how long ? take a guess . 4th juror I would not have the slight idea . 8th juror ( to 5th juror ) what do you think ? sth juror I do not know . about ten or twelve second , maybe . 3rd juror what 's all this for ? 8th juror I would say that be a fair guess . anyone else ? 11th juror that sound right to I . 10 th juror come on , what 's the guess game for ? 8th juror ( to 2nd juror ) what would you say ? . 2 nd juror ten second . approximately . 4th juror all right . say ten second . what be you get at ? 8th juror this . it take a six car el train ten second to pass a give point . now say that give point be the open window of the room in which the first draft - 2/14/96 he laugh . 50 8th juror ( cont ) kill take place . you can almost reach out ' the window of that room and touch the el track . right ? 5 th juror right . 8th juror all right . now let I ask you this - - have anyone here ever live right next to the el track ? 6th juror well , I just finish painting a apartment that overlook a el line . I be a house painter , y'know . I be there for three day . 8th juror what be it like ? 6th juror - what d'ya mean ? 8th juror noisy ? 6th juror brother ! well , it do not matter . we be all punch in we business , anyway . 8th juror I live in a second - floor apartment next to a el line once . when the window 's open and the train go by , the noise be almost unbearable . you can not hear yourself think . 3rd juror okay . you can not hear yourself think . will you get to the point ! 8th juror I will . let 's take two piece of testimony and try to put they together . first , the old man in the apartment downstairs . he say he hear the boy say , " I be go to kill you , " and a split second later he first draft - 2/14/96 51 8th juror ( cont ) hear the. body hit the floor . one second later . right ? 2nd juror that 's right . . 8 th juror , second , the woman in the apartment across the street . she claim that she look out of she window and see the kill through the last two car of a pass elevate train . right ? the last two car . _ 3rd juror all right . what point be you make here ? . 8th juror now , we agree that a el train take about ten second to pass a give point . since the woman see the ' stabbing through the last two car we can assume that the boy fall to the floor just as the train pass by . therefore , the el train have be roaring by the old man 's window for a full ten second before the body fall . the old man , accord to he own testimony , hearing " I be go to kill you " and the body fall a split second later , would have have to hear the boy make this statement while the el be roaring past he nose . it 's not possible that he could have hear it . 3rd juror that 's idiotic ! sure he could have hear it . 8th juror ( to 3rd juror ) do you think so ? 3rd juror the old man say the boy yell it out . that 's enough for I . 8th juror if he hear anything at all , he still could not have identify the voice with the el rear by . first draft - 2/14/96 52 3rd juror you be talk about a matter . of second here . nobody can be that accurate . 8th juror well , I think that testimony which could put a human be into the electric chair should be that accurate . 5th juror . I do not think he could have hear it . 6th juror yeah . maybe he do not hear it . I mean , with the el noise ... 3rd juror what be you people talk about ? 5th juror well , it stand to reason ... 3rd juror you be crazy ! why should he lie ? what 's he get to gain ? 9th juror attention , maybe . 3rd juror you keep come up with this bright say . why do not you send one in to a newspaper ? they pay three dollar . 6th juror ( to 3rd juror ) hey ! what be ya talk to he like that for ? the 3rd juror look at the 6th juror then turn disgustedly away . the 6th juror reach out and turn the 3rd juror firmly around by the arm . 6th juror ( cont ) a guy who talk like that old man oughta really get step on y'know . 3rd juror get you hand off I ! first draft - 2/14/96 6th juror you oughta have some respect , mister . if you say stuff like that to he again -- I be gonna lay you out . ( he release the 3rd juror and speak to the 9th juror ) go ahead . you can say anything you want . why do you think the old man might lie ? 9th juror ~ it 's just that I look at he fora very long time . the seam of he jacket be split under he arm . do you notice it ? I mean , to come into court like that . he be a very old man with a tear jacket and he walk very slowly to the stand . he be drag he leave leg and try to hide it ' because he be ashamed . I think I know he better than anyone here . this be a quiet , frighten , insignificant old man who have be nothing all he life , who have never have recognition , he name in the newspaper . nobody know he , nobody quote he , nobody seek he advice after seventy - five year . that 's a very sad thing , to be nothing . a man like this need to be recognize , to be listen to , to be quote just once . this be very important . it would be so hard for he to recede q into the background when there 's a chance to be ... 7th juror now , wait a minute . be you try to tell we he would lie just so that he could be important once ? 9th juror no . he would not really lie . but perhaps he would make himself believe that he would hear that word and recognize the boy 's face . 10 th juror well , that 's the most fantastic story I have ever hear . how can you make up a think like that ? what do you know about it ? the 9th juror lower he head , embarrassed . a a first draft - 2/14/96 54 4 th juror gentlemen , let I remind you , this case be base on a reasonable and logical progression of fact . let 's keep it there . 11th juror fact may be color by the personality of the people who present . they . 2nd juror anybody want a cough drop ? 8th juror I will take one . ( 2nd juror offer the cough . drop to the 8th juror. 8th juror take one ) thanks . 12th juror say what you like , I still do not see how anybody can think the boy 's not guilty . 8th juror there 's another think I want to talk about for a minute . I think we have prove that the old man could not have hear the boy say , " I be go to kill you , " but suppose ... 10 th juror you do not prove it at all . what be you talk about ? 8th juror but suppose he really do hear it . this phrase , how many time have each of we use it ? probably hundred . " I could kill you for that , darling . " " te you do that once more , junior , I be go to kill you . " " ' come on , Rocky , kill he . " we say it every day . it do not mean we be go to kill someone . ~~ er first draft - 2/14/96 55 3rd juror wait a minute ! what be you try to give we here ? the phrase be , " I be go to kill you , " and the kid scream it out at the top of he lung . do not tell I he do not mean it . anybody say a thing like that the way he say it , they mean it . 2nd juror well , gee , I do not know . I remember I be argue with the guy I work next to at the bank a couple of week ago ; so he call I a idiot ; so I yell at he ... 3rd juror now listen , this guy be make you believe thing that be not so . the : kid say he be go to kill he and he do kill he . 8th juror well , let I ask you this : do you really think the boy would shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood would hear it ? I do not think so . he 's much too bright for that . 10 th juror Bright ? he 's a common ignorant slob . he 's do not even speak good English . 11th juror he do not even speak good English 5 th juror I would like to change my vote to " not guilty " . 7th juror now you have get to be kid . 5 th juror you hear . foreman be you sure ? 5 th juror yes , I be sure . a rf first draft - 2/14/96 56 foreman the vote be nine to three in favor of " guilty " : 7th juror well , if that be not the livin ' end ! what be you base it on ? story this guy make up . he oughta write for amazing detective monthly . he would make a fortune . ( to sth juror ) listen , there be fact stare you right in you face . every one of they say this kid kill he old man . for cryin ' out loud he . own lawyer know he do not stand a chance right from the beginning . his own - lawyer . you could see it . he . deserve the chair . 8th juror do he ? it 's happen before that someone 's be convict of a murder , .and execute , and year later someone else have confess to the crime . sometimes ... sometimes the fact that be stare everyone in the face be wrong . : 7 th juror : ( to 8th juror ) I be talkin ' to he -- ( he indicate to the 5th juror ) not to you . ( to the other ) Boy , this guy be really something . ( to the 8th juror ) listen , the kid have a lawyer , do not he ? the lawyer present he case , not you . how come you have get so much to say ? 8th juror the lawyér be court -appoint . 7th juror so what do that mean ? 8th juror well , it could mean a lot of thing . it could mean he do not want the case . it could mean he resent be appoint . it 's the kind of case that bring he nothing . no first draft - 2/14/96 57 8th juror ( cont ) money . no glory . not even much chance of win . it 's not a very promise situation for a young lawyer . he would really have to believe in he client to put up a good fight . as you point out a minute ago , he obviously do not . 7th juror sure he do not . who in hell could , except God come to earth or somebody ? ( he look at he watch then up at the clock ) come on already ! look at the time ! 11th juror pardon I , but I have make some note here . 10 th juror Notes yet ! 11th juror I would like please to say something . I have be listen very closely , and it seem to I that this man -- ( he indicate the 8th juror ) have some very good point to make . from what be present at the trial the boy look guilty , but maybe if we go deeper ... 10 th juror come on , will ya . 11th juror there be a question I would like to ask . we assume that the boy commit murder . he stab he father in the chest and run away . this be at ten minute after twelve . now , how be he catch by the police ? he come home at three o'clock or so and be capture by two detective in the hallway of he house . my question be , if he really have kill he father , why would he come back three hour later ? would not he be afraid of be catch ? first draft - 2/14/96 58 3rd juror look -- he come home to get he knife . it 's not nice to leave knife stick around in people 's chest . 7th juror yeah , especially relative . 4th juror I do not see anything funny about it . ( to the 11th juror ) the boy know that there be people who could identify the knife as the one he have just buy . he have to get it before the police do . 11th juror but if he know the knife could be identify , why do he leave it there in the first place ? 4th juror well , I think we can assume he run out in a state of panic after he kill he father , and then when he finally calm down , he realize that he have leave the knife there . 11th juror this then depend on you definition of panic . he be calm enough to see to - it that there be no fingerprint on the knife . now where do he panic . start and where do it end ? 3rd juror look , you can forget all that other stuff . he still come home to dig out he knife and get rid of it . 11th juror Three hour later ? 3rd juror sure , three hour later . 11th juror if I be the boy and I have kill my father , I would not have come home three hour later . I would be afraid that the police would be there . I would stay away , knife or no knife . — = first draft - 2/14/96 59 3rd juror listen , you vote " guilty " , do not you ? what side be you on ? 11th juror I do not believe I have to be loyal to one side or the other . I be simply ask question . 12 th juror well , this be just off the top of my head , but if I be the boy , and I would , you know , do the stabbing and everything , I would take a chance and go back for the knife . I will bet he figure no one have see he and that the body probably be not even discover yet . after all , it be the middle of the night . he probably think no one would find the boy till the next day . '' 11th juror pardon . here . be my whole point . . the woman across the street testify that a moment after she see the kill , that be , a moment after the el train go by , she scream and then go to telephone the police . now , the boy must certainly have hear that scream and know that somebody see something . I do not think he would have go back if he have be the murderer . 4th juror two point . one : in he state of panic he may not have hear the scream . perhaps it be not very loud . . two : if he do hear it , he may not have connect it with he own act . remember he live in a neighborhood where scream be fairly commonplace . 3rd juror right ! there 's you answer . 8th juror maybe . maybe he do stab he father , do not hear the woman 's scream , do run out in a panic , do calm down three hour later and come back to try to get the knife , risk be — — oe ee first draft - 2/14/96 60 8th juror . ( cont ) catch by the police . maybe all that thing be so . but maybe they be not . I think there 's enough doubt to make we wonder whether he be there at all during the time the murder take place . 10 th juror what d'ya mean doubt ? what be you talk about ? do not the old man see he run out of the house ? he 's twist the fact . I be tell you ! ( to the 11th juror ) do or do not the old man see the kid run out of the house at twelve - ten ? well , do he or do not he ? 11th juror he say he do . 10 th juror say he do ! ( to the other ) boy-oh - boy ! how do you like that ? ( to the 11th juror ) well , do or do not the woman across the street see the kid kill he father ? she say she do . you be makin ' out like it do not matter what people say . what you want to believe , you believe , and what you do not want to believe , so you do not . what kind of way be that ? what d'ya think this people get up on the witness stand for -- they health ? I be tell you man the fact be be change around here . witnesses be be doubted and there 's no reason for it . 5 th juror witnesses can make mistake . 10 th juror sure , when you want ‘em to , they do ! know what I mean ? foreman okay . let 's hold the yell down . first draft - 2/14/96 juror who be 61 10 th juror you keep - say that . maybe what we need be a little yell in here . this guy be go off every which way . do hear the scream , do not hear the scream . what 's the difference ? they be just little detail . you be forget the important stuff . I mean , all of a sudden here everybody ... 8th juror I would like to call for another vote . 10 th juror listen , I be talk here . foreman there 's another vote call for . now - about take seat . stand move toward they seat . 3rd juror what be we gonna gain by voting again ? foreman I do not know . the gentleman ask ... 3rd juror I never see so much time spend on nothing . 2nd juror ( mildly ) it only take a second . foreman okay . I guess the fastest way be to find out who 's voting not guilty . all that in favor of not guilty raise they hand . 5th , 8th and 9th juror raise they hand . foreman ( cont ) still the same . one , two , three not guilty 's . nine guilty 's . 7th juror so now where be we ? I be tell you , we can yakety - yak until next Tuesday here . where 's it get we ? cs — _ — be first draft - 2/14/96 62 11th juror pardon . ( hé slowly raise he hand ) I vote not guilty . 7th juror oh , brother ! 3rd juror oh , now listen ! what be you talk about ? I mean , we be all go crazy in here or something ! this kid be guilty . why do n'tcha pay attention to the fact . ( to 4th juror ) listen , tell he , will ya ? this be get to be a goddamn joke ! foreman the vote be eight to four , favor of guilty . 3rd juror I mean , everybody 's heart be start to bleed for this punk little kid like the President just declare it " Love you underprivileged brother week " , or something . ( to 11th juror ) listen , I would like you to tell I why you change you vote . come one , give I reason . 11th juror I do not have to defend my decision to you . I have a reasonable doubt in my mind . 3rd juror what reasonable doubt ? that 's nothing but word . ( he pull out the switch - knife from the table and hold it ' up ) here , look at this . the kid you just decide be not guilty be see ramming this thing into he father . well , look at it , Mr. reasonable doubt . 9th . juror that 's not the knife . do not you remember ? 3rd juror brilliant ! first draft - 2/14/96 he stick the knife into the table . 7th juror I be tellin ' ya , this be the craziest . ( to the 8th juror ) I mean , you be sittin’ in here pull storey outta thin air . what be we suppose to believe ? ( to the other ) I be tell you , if this guy be sit ringside at the Dempsey - firpo fight , he would be tryin ' to tell we firpo win . ( to the 8th juror ) - look , what about the old man ?. be we suppose to believe that he do not | get up and run to he door and see the kid tear down the stair , fifteen second after the kill ? he 's only say he do to be important . I mean , what 's the point of the whole .:.? . 5 th juror } i hold it a second . 7th juror and the milwaukee rooter be hear from . and pop-up be fall for base hit wherever we look . I tell you ... 5 th juror do the old man say he run to the door ? 7th juror ran. walk . what 's the difference ? he get there . 6th juror he say he run to the door . at least , I think he do . 5 th juror I do not remember what he say . but I do not see how he could run . eet entiaaaae ) 4 th juror he say he go from he bedroom to : the front door . that 's enough , be not | it ? — — =f as first draft - 2/14/96 he go to the 64 _ 8 th juror wait a minute . where be he bedroom , again ? 10 th juror down the hall somewhere . I think you remember everything . do not you remember that ? 8th juror no. Mr. Foreman , I would like to take a look at the diagram of the apartment . 7th juror why do not we have they run the trial over just so you can get everything straight ? 8th juror Mr. Foreman ... foreman I hear you . door and knock . the Guard enter . the Foreman confer briefly with he . the Guard exit and lock the door after he . 3rd juror all right , what 's this for ? how come you be the only one in the room who want to see exhibit all the time ? 5 th juror I want to see he one , too . 3rd juror and I want to stop waste time . 4th juror i£ we be go to start wading through all that business about where the body be find ... 8th juror we be not . not unless someone else want to . I would like to see if a very old man who drag one leg when he walk because he have a stroke last year can get from he bed to he front door in fifteen second . $ $ first draft - 2/14/96 65 3rd juror he say twenty second . 8th juror he say fifteen . - 3rd juror now I be tell you he say twenty . what be you try to distort ... 12th juror he say fifteen . 3rd juror how do he know how long fifteen second be ? you can not judge that kind of thing . . 9th juror he say fifteen second . he be very positive about it .. 3rd juror he 's a old man . you see he . half the time he be confuse . how could he be positive about anything . the Guard enter carry a large diagram of the apartment . the diagram be a layout of a railroad flat . a bedroom face the el track . behind it be a series of room off a long hall . in the front room be a " X " mark the spot where the body be find . at the back of the apartment we see the entrance into the apartment hall from the building hall . we see a flight of stair in the building hall . each room be label and the dimension of each room be show . Foreman take diagram . Guard exit . 4th juror I do not see what we be go to prove here . the man say he see the boy run out . 8th juror well , let 's see if the detail bear he out . as soon as the body fall to the floor , he say , he hear footstep upstairs run towards the front door . he hear the upstairs door open and the footstep start down the stair . he get to he front door as soon as he could . he swore that it could not have be more than fifteen second . now , if the killer begin run immediately ... first draft - 2/14/96 . 66 12th juror well , maybe he do not . 8th juror the old man say he do . 7th juror you know , you ought to be down in Atlantic City at the hair-splitter ' convention . 6th juror listen , baseball , why do not you stop make smart remark all the time ? 7th juror my friend , for you three dollar a day you have gotta listen to - everything . 10 th juror ( to 8th juror ) well , now that you have get that thing in here , what about it ? 8th juror ( to Foreman ) May I ? ( he take the plan and put it on a chair ) this be the apartment in which the kill take place . the old man 's apartment be directly beneath it and exactly the same . here be the el track . the bedroom . another bedroom . bathroom . live room . Kitchen . and this be the hall . here 's the front door to the apartment . and here be the stair . now , the old man be in bed in this room . ( he indicate the front bedroom ) he say he get up , go out into the hall , down the hall to the front door , open it and look out just in time to see the boy racing down the stair . be I right so far ? 3rd juror that 's the story , for the nineteenth time . first draft - 2/14/96 . 67 8th juror Fifteen second after he hear the body fall . : 11th juror correct . 8th juror his bed be at the window ... it 's ... ( he look closely at the plan ) ... twelve foot from he bed to the bedroom door . the length of the hall be forty - three foot , six inch . now , . he have to get up out of bed , walk twelve foot , open the bedroom door , walk forty - three foot and open the front door -- all in fifteen second . do you think he could have do it ? 10 th juror sure he coulda do it . 11th juror he can only walk very slowly . they have to help he into the witness chair . 3rd juror you make it sound like a long walk . it 's not . 9th juror for a old man who have a stroke it 's a long walk . the 8th juror move he chair and set the chair to indicate a bed . 10 th juror what be you do ? 8th juror I want to try this thing . let 's see how long it take he . 3rd juror what d' you mean you want to try it ? why do not the kid 's lawyer bring it up if it 's so important ? 5 th juror well , maybe he just do not think of it . first draft - 2/14/96 68 ' 10 th juror what d'ya. mean he do not think of it ? you think the man 's a idiot or something . it 's a obvious thing . 5 th juror do you think of it ? 10 th juror listen , smart 's guy . it do not matter whether I think of it . " foreman okay , now ... let 's hold it down . 10 th juror he do not bring it up because he know the answer would hurt he case . now what d'ya think of that ? foreman okay ... 8th juror it 's possible that he do not bring it up because it would have mean badger and bully a helpless old man , something that I do not think sit very well with a jury . most lawyer avoid that kind of thing if they can . 7th juror so what kind of a bum be he , then ? 8th juror that 's what I have be ask . all right . let 's say this chair be the old man' bed . I be go to pace off twelve foot , the length of the bedroom . he pace twelve foot . 3rd juror you be crazy . you can not re-create a thing like that . 11th juror I would like to see it . 8th juror someone hand I a chair . first draft - 2/14/96 69 the 12th juror pick sup he chair and take it to 8th juror . 8th juror put the chair where he be stand . 8th juror ( cont ) all right , this be the bedroom door . the hall be a little over forty - three foot long . I will pace over to that wall and back again . he pace count he step silently . 10 th juror look , this be absolutely insane . what 's the idea of waste everybody 's time here ? 8th juror ... twelve ... ( he stop and turn to the 10th juror ) accord to you it will only take fifteen second . we can spare that ... he resume he pace , count to himself , and reach the wall . the other watch silently . he turn and pace , count off the rest of the distance . 8th juror ( cont ) ... thirty nine , forty , forty - one , forty - two , forty - three . okay , pass I another chair , please . 6th juror pick up a chair and take it to 8th juror . 8th juror place it where he be stand . 8th juror ( cont ) this be the door to the outside hall and stairway . it be chain - lock accord to the testimony . who 's get a watch with a second hand ? 2nd juror I have . 8th juror when you want I to start , stamp you foot . that will be the body fall . time I from there . he lie down on the two chair . 7th juror -* bnyone for charade ? first draft - 2/14/96 70 3rd juror I have never see anything like this in my whole life ! 8th juror okay . I be ready . the 2nd juror stare at he watch , wait . 10 th juror come on , let 's go here . . 2 nd juror I want to wait until the second hand reach sixty . they wait . the 2nd juror suddenly stamp he foot . the 8th juror rise to a sit position , swing he leg to the floor and stand up . the 2nd juror keep he eye on he watch . the 8th juror hobble , drag one leg , towards the chair which serve as the bedroom door . he reach it and pretend to open the door . he then hobble along the simulate forty - three - foot hallway . 10 th juror come on . snap it up . he walk twice as fast as that . 11th juror . this be , I think , even more quickly than the old man walk in the courtroom . 8th juror ( still hobbling ) if you think I should go faster , I will . he speed up he pace slightly , reach the wall , turn and head for the second chair , the one simulate the door to the outer hallway . 3rd juror come on , will ya ! let 's get this kid stuff over with . they watch as the 8th juror reach the last chair . he pretend to open a imaginary chain lock and then open the imaginary door . 8th juror stop ! 2nd juror right . first draft - 2/14/96 7 8th juror what 's the time ? 2 nd_ juror Fifteen -- twenty -- thirty -- thirty -five -- forty -- forty - two second exactly . 6th juror forty - two second ! 8th juror I think this be what happen . the old man hear the fight between the boy and he father a few hour earlier . then , while lie in bed , he hear a body hit the floor in the boy 's apartment , and he hear the woman scream from across the street . he get up , try to get to the door , hear someone racing down the stair , and assume it be the boy . 6th juror I think that 's possible . 3rd juror assume ? now listen to I , you people . I have see all kind of dishonesty in my day -- but this little display take the cake . you come in here with you sanctimonious talk about slum kid and . injustice , and you make up some wild storey , and all of a sudden you start get through to some of this old lady in here . well , you be not get through to I . I have have enough . what 's the matter with you people ? every one of you know this kid be guilty . he 's get to burn . we be let he slip through we finger here . 8th juror slip through we finger ? be you he executioner ? 8th juror maybe you would like to pull the switch . first draft - 2/14/96 2 3rd juror for this kid ? you bit I would like to pull the switch . 8th juror I be sorry for you . 3rd juror do not start with I now . 8th juror ever since we walk into this room you have be behave like a self - - appoint public avenger . 3rd juror I be tell you now ! shut up ! 8th juror you want to see this boy die because you personally want it , not because of the fact . 3rd juror shut up ! 8th juror you be a sadist ! 3rd juror shut up , you son of a bitch ! he lunge wildly at 8th juror . the 8th juror hold he ground . the 5th and 6th juror grab the 3rd juror from behind . he strain against the hand , he face dark with rage . 3rd juror ( cont ) let go of I , God damn it ! I will kill he ! I '11 kill he ! 8th juror ( calmly ) you do not really mean you will kill I , do you ? the 3rd juror break from the sth and 6th juror , stop struggle and stare bitterly at the 8th juror . . there be silence . the 3rd juror cross to the window . the other juror move about the room . there be a awkward silence . the Guard enter . : first draft - 2/14/96 3 guard be there anything wrong , gentleman ? _ I hear some noise . foreman no . there 's nothing wrong . ( he collect the apartment plan , ~ from the table ) just a little argument . everything 's okay . . ( he hand the plan to the Guard ) we be finish with this . the Guard take the plan , look carefully around the room then exit . there be a pause . the other look at the 3rd juror . 3rd juror well , what be you stare at ? the other , embarrased , turn away . someof they take they seat . 12 th juror well , -- I suppose someone have to -- start it off again . 2nd juror it 's get late ( to the Foreman ) what do they do , take we out toa restaurant for supper ? foreman how do I know ? 2nd juror I wonder if they let we go home in case we can not finish tonight . I have get a boy with mump . he 's out of here . the wife say he look like khrushchev . the room begin to darken perceptibly now . 11th juror . pardon . this fight . this be not why we be here , to fight . we have a responsibility . this , I have always think , be a remarkable thing about democracy . that we be , uh , what be the word ? notified . that we be notify by mail to come down to this place and decide on the guilt or innocence of a man we have never first draft - 2/14/96 the 4th juror , heat at all . no- one answer 74 11th juror hear before . we have nothing to gain or loss by we verdict . this be one of the reason we be strong . we should not make it a personal thing . 12th juror um , if no -one -else have a idea , I may have a cutie here . I mean , I have not put much think into it . anyway , lemme throw it out on the stoop and see if the cat lick it up . foreman see if the cat lick it up ? ( laugh ) 12 th juror well , it be not much of a idea , anyway . : 5 th juror look how dark it 's get . we be gonna have a storm . Boy , it 's hot . in tie and jacket , be seemingly not bother by the 5th juror ( turn to 4th juror ) pardon I , do not you sweat ? 4th juror no .. I do not . 6th juror uh , listen , I be wonder if maybe we should not take another vote . 7th juror great idea . maybe we can follow this one up with dance and refreshment . 6th juror Mr. Foreman ? foreman it 's all right with I . anyone do not want to vote ? for a moment . first draft - 2/14/96 75 3rd juror I think we ought to have a open ballot . . call out you vote , y'know . let 's see who stand where . foreman that sound fair . anyone object ? the last vote be eight to four in favor of guilty . all right . I '!11 call off you jury number . I vote guilty . number two ? 2nd juror not guilty foreman number Three ? . 3rd juror guilty . foreman number four ? : 4 th juror guilty . foreman number five ? 5 th juror not guilty . foreman number six ? 6th juror not guilty foreman number Seven ? 7th juror guilty . foreman number eight ? 8th juror not guilty . foreman number nine ? first draft - 2/14/96 6 9th juror not guilty . foreman number ten ? 10 th juror guilty . foreman number eleven ? 11th juror not guilty . foreman number twelve ? 12th juror guilty . foreman six to six . 7th juror and we go into extra inning here . 10 th juror six to six ! I be tell you , some of you people in here be out of you mind . a kid like that . 9th juror I do not think the kind of boy he be have anything to do with it . the fact be suppose to determine the case . 10 th juror ah , do not give I any of that . I be sick and tired of fact . you can twist them any way you like . know what I mean ? 9th juror that 's exactly the point this gentleman . . ( he indicate the 8th juror ) have be make . I mean , you keep shouting at the top of you lung ... the 8th juror put he hand on the 9th juror 's shoulder . the 9th juror look at he and sit . first draft - 2/14/96 77 9th juror ( cont ) I would like to be a little young . that man ... ( he stop , unable to go on ) it 's very hot in here . 11th juror do you want some water ? 9th juror no , thanks . it have grow considerably darker in the room and its oppressively still . there be a murmur of voice at the cooler where the 7th , 10th , and 2nd juror be in various stage of get a drink . 2nd juror it 's go to rain . 7th juror no ! how do you figure that out , blue eye ? tell I , how come you switch ? 2nd juror well , it just seem to I ... 7th juror I mean , you have not get a leg to stand on . you know that , do n'tcha ? 2nd juror well , I do not feel that way . there be a lot of detail that never come : out . 10 th juror detail ! you be just let yourself get bull - doze by a bunch 'a what d'ya call ‘em -- intellectual . 2nd juror now that 's not so . 10 th juror ah , come on . you be like everybody else . you think too much , you get mix up . know what I mean ? rr te a , first draft - 2/14/96 78 2nd juror now , listen , I do not think you have any right to .... ( the 10th juror walk away . ) ( softly ) loudmouth ! it be now darker than before . there be no movement in the room . everyone wait for the storm . and suddenly it come .. we hear only the sound of the rain pour down into the silence . head turn toward the window . the rain pour down . the 4th juror go into the washroom and exit to the lavatory . the 8th juror step back from the window as the rain splashes in , close it . the Foreman rise , go to the light switch at the door and switch on the light . there be a flicker of harsh white light as . the fluorescent light come on . the rain , continue throughout the remainder of the film . the Foreman move to the 8th juror . foreman wow ! look at that come down , will ya . think it will cool thing off ? 8th juror . yeah , I guess so . ' foreman Boy ! look at it go ! remind I of the storm we have last -- November something . what a storm ! right in the middle of the game . int . washroom . - same the 3rd juror cross to the washroom , go in , switch on the light and wash he hand . - foreman ( cont ) we be behind seven -- six , but we be just startin ' to move the ball , off tackle , y'know . boom ! boom ! Boy , I will never forget that . we have this kid slattery . a real ox . wish I have another one like he . oh . I probably forget to tell you -- I be assistant head football coach at the Andrew J. mccorckle High School . that 's in queen . ( the 8th juror smile briefly ) so anyway , we be movin ' real nice . they line be comin ' apart . I be tellin ' ya , this slattery . Boy ! and all of a sudden it start to come first . draft - 2/14/96 . 19 : foreman ( cont ) down cat * and dog . in two minute it be mud practically up to you ass . I swear I almost bawl . we could not go nowhere . 7th juror hey , let 's try to get this fan goin ' in here . what d'ya say ? the 4th juror enter the washroom from the lavatory . the Foreman go to the bench , stand on it and start the fan . 7th juror ( cont ) it musta be connect to the light switch . 3rd juror and 4th juror be in the washroom together . 3rd juror ( to 4th juror ) some rain , huh ? ( the 4th juror nod ) well , what d'ya think of this thing ? it 's even-steven . ( 4th juror nod ) kind of suprise , be not it ? 4th juror yes . : 3rd juror listen , that business before , you know , where that guy be bait I . I mean , that do not prove anything . listen , I be a very excitable person , y'know . so where do he get off to call I a public avenger and a sadist and everything ? anybody in he right mind have blow he stack , would not he ? he be just try to bait I . 4th juror he do a excellent job . ( he move , to the towel ) Excuse I . ( he dry he hand ) 3rd juror okay , maybe he do . I tell you , I can not help that kind of thing . I 'ma certain type of person , I get move by this . but let I tell you , I be sincere . =swwrww at DS first draft - 2/14/96 80 4th juror Fine . we- all be . the 10th juror burst into the washroom , stride to the basin and wash he hand . 10 th juror well -- be not this the god-damnedest thing you ever see ? six to six . it 's a joke . 3rd juror what be we gonna do about it ? can not we break it somehow ? 10 th juror - that six bastard in there be not go to change they mind . 4th juror five of they already have change they mind . there 's no reason why they can not be persuade to do it again . 10 th juror how ? 4th juror just by use logic . 10 th juror logic ! Holy cow ! 3rd juror now just you listen to this man . he 's the only one in the room who know ... 10 th juror you want my opinion ? 4th juror go ahead . 10 th juror I think we should just quit . 3rd juror what the hell be you talk about ? first draft - 2/14/96 81 10 th juror that people in there be suddenly like it 's some kind of mission or something . look , they be not gonna switch , so let 's go and tell the judge -- we will be here all night . for chrissake let 's tell he we be hang . the hell with this . I mean , what be I gonna do , break my brain over scum like that ? 3rd juror well , that 's the most ridiculous think I ever ... you take a oath in the courtroom . you can not just quit . 10 th juror why not ? 3rd juror it 's dishonest . why do not you vote not guilty ? 10 th juror I vote guilty because I think he 's guilty . 3rd juror but you do not care what happen to he ? 10 th juror no . why should I ? 4th juror all right , let 's stop this . we be not go to get anywhere like this . 10 th juror well , what do he want ? I give my honest opinion . 4th juror I know . 10 th juror I suppose you do not think much of it ? 4th juror no , I do not . the Foreman open the washroom door . first draft - 2/14/96 82 foreman uh -- we would like to get go in here again , if you do not mind . the 4th juror exit the washroom . 10 th juror ( to the 3rd juror ) how about he ? be that something ? 3rd juror a hang jury do not mean anything . they just have to start the trial with another jury . that 's not what we be here for . 10 th juror what the hell 's the difference ? a hang jury be what you be gonna get . . foreman : look , would you please ... the 10th juror stride out of the washroom , the 3rd juror switch out the light and come slowly into the room . int .. jury room - same 10 th juror ' listen , I will tell you what I think . we be goin ' nowhere here . I be ready to walk into court right now and declare a hang jury . 7th juror I go for that , too . let 's take it into the judge and let the kid take he chance with twelve other guy . 8th juror I do not think the court will accept a ) hang jury . we have not be in here very long . 7th juror well , let 's find out . 11th juror I be not in favor of this . first draft - 2/14/96 7th juror ( to , 11th juror ) _ listen , this kid would not stand a chance with another jury and you know it . ( to the other ) come on , we be hang . nobody 's gonna change he opinion . let 's take it inside . 5 th juror you still do not think there 's any room for reasonable doubt ? 7th juror no , I do not . 11th juror pardon . maybe you do not fully understand the term " reasonable doubt ? . 7th juror what d'ya mean , I do not understand it ? who the hell be you to talk to I like that ? ( to the other ) how d'ya like this guy ? I be tellin ' ya they be all alike . he come over to this country run for he life and before he can even take a big breath he 's tell we how to run the show . the arrogance of the guy ! sth juror ( to the 7th juror ) you mean you be call he arrogant because he be not bear here ? Fine , I be call you arrogant because you be . how 's that ? 11th juror please , please . it do not matter . 7th juror look , sonny , nobody around here 's gonna tell I what word I understand and what word I do not . ( he point to the 11th juror ) especially he . because I will knock he goddamn Middle european head off . 83 first draft - 2/14/96 84 : foreman all right . let 's stop argue for two minute in here . can not we stick to the subject ? 8th juror I would like to go over something , if you gentleman do not mind . a important point for the prosecution be the fact that the boy , after he claim he be at the movie during the hour the kill take place , could not name the picture he see or the star who appear in they . ( he point to the 4th juror ) this gentleman have repeat that point in here several time . 4th . juror that 's correct . it be the only alibi the boy offer and he himself could not back it up with any detail at all . : 8th juror put yourself in the boy 's place , if you can , do you think you would be able to remember detail after a - upsetting experience such as be strike in the face by you father ? 4th juror I think so , if there be any special detail to remember . he could not remember the movie at the theater he name because he be not there that night . 8th juror accord to the police testimony in court he be question by the police in the kitchen of he apartment while the body of he father be lie on the floor in the bedroom . do you think you could remember detail under such circumstance ? 4th . juror I do . 8th juror under great emotional stress ? first draft - 2/14/96 85 4th juror under gréat emotional stress . 8th juror he remember the movie in court . he name they correctly and he name the star who play in they . 4th juror yes , he lawyer take great pain to bring that out . he have three month from the night of the murder to the day of the trial in which to memorize they . I will take the testimony of the policeman who interrogate he right after the murder , when he could not remember a thing about the movie , great emotional stress or not . , 8 th juror I would like to ask you a personal question . 4 th juror go ahead . 8 th juror where be you last night ? 4 th juror I be home . 8 th juror what . about the night before last ? 10 th juror come on , what be this ? 4th juror ( to 10th juror ) it 's perfectly all right . ( to 8th juror ) I go from court to my office and stay there till eight - thirty . then I go straight home to bed . 8th juror and the night before that ? 4 th juror that be -- Tuesday . I -- be -- oh , yes . that be the night of the bridge tournament . I play bridge . first draft - 2/14/96 86 8th juror and Monday night ? 7th juror when you get he down to New Year 's Eve , nineteen - fifty , lemme know . 4th juror ( try to remember ) Monday . ( he pause ) Monday night . ( he remember ) . Monday night my wife and I go to the movie . 8th juror what do you see ? 4th . juror the scarlet Circle : it 's a very clever who -done - it . 8th juror what be the second feature ? 4th juror ( strain ) the ... I will tell you in a minute . the -- remarkable Mrs. something . Mrs. -- uh -- mainbridge . no , bainbridge . the remarkable Mrs. bainbridge . 2nd juror Excuse I . I see that .. it 's call the amazing Mrs. bainbridge . 4th juror the -- amazing Mrs. bainbridge . yes . I think that 's right . 8th juror who be in the amazing Mrs. bainbridge ? 4th juror Barbara -- Long , I think . she 's a dark , very pretty girl . Barbara -- lang -- land -- something like that . 8th juror who else ? first draft - 2/14/96 87 the 4th juror take a handkerchief and mop he suddenly sweat forehead . 4th juror well , I have never hear of they before . it be a very inexpensive second feature , with unknown ... 8th juror and you be not under a emotional strain , be you ? 4th juror no , I be not . 9th juror I think the point be make . 10 th juror Big point ! : 9th juror I think it be a big point ? 10 th juror what ? just . because he can not remember the name of some two - bit movie star ? I suppose that prove the kid be at the movie . 9th juror no . but it indicate that no one can prove he be not . he might have be at the movie and forget what he see . it 's possible . if it 's perfectly normal for this gentleman -- ( he indicate the 4th juror ) to forget a few detail , then it 's also perfectly normal for the boy . be accuse of murder be not necessarly suppose to give he a infallible memory . first draft - 2/14/96 88 10 th juror ( the the 9th juror ) you can talk till you tongue be draggin’ on the floor . the boy be guilty . - period . know what I mean , my fiend ? who 's get . that cough drop ? 2nd juror they be all go , my friend . foreman y'know , there 's something we be forget here that I be just think about . well , that 's the whole business that drag out forever , y'k now with the psychiatrist , where he get all involved ... 10 th juror now do not start with all that phony psycho-what-ever -you-call - it stuff . what a racket that be ! fill people 's head with all that junk . listen , I have get three psychiatrist keep they car in one of my garage . the whole three of ‘em be crazy . foreman listen , there 's a point I be tryin' to make here . do you mind ? 10 th juror I would not give you a nickel for a psychiatrist 's testimony . 8th juror why do not you let the man talk ? you can take five minute on the uselessness of psychiatry when he 's finish . first draft - 2/14/96 89 foreman what I be gonna say be , the psychiatrist definitely state that the boy have strong homicidal tendency . I mean , that he be , what d'ya call it -- capable of commit murder . he describe all that test , inkblot and all that stuff , and he say the kid be definitely a killer - type . be I right ? 12th juror check . I think he say something about paranoid tendency if I be not mistaken . foreman right . whatever that be , he say it . let 's not forget , we be talk about a. boy who 's always have murder on he mind . 12th juror his unconscious mind . . foreman nobody else 's . 11th juror I beg pardon , in discuss ... 10 th juror I beg pardon . what be you so goddamn polite about ? 11th juror for the same reason you be not . it 's the way I be bring up . ( he turn to the other ) in discuss such a thing as the murder potential we should remember that many of we be capable of commit murder . but few of we do . we impose control upon ourselves to prevent it . the most this psychiatric test can accomplish first draft - 2/14/96 he stop . the 90 11th juror ( cont ) along this line be this : they can tell we that some day a particular person may commit a murder . that 's all . they prove nothing . 4th juror then how come they be admit in evidence ? 11th juror they have many use , of course . in this case they add to the general impression the prosecution be try to create . perhaps we would find that if we twelve man take the same test , one or two of we might be discover to have.unconscious desire to kill , and the potentiality of carry they out . yet none of we have . to say that a man be capable of murder do not mean that he have commit murder . 10 th juror but it can mean it . listen , if they say the kid be capable of kill , he could have kill , could not he ? 8th juror you be the one who say , and I quote , '' I would not give you a nickel for a psychiatrist 's testimony . 10 th juror Boy , I be tell you -- ( he cross to the 8th juror ) I would like to ... 8th juror do not look up at he . the 10th juror cross angrily away . 6th juror what time be it ? 7th juror it 's five of six . man , look at that rain . first draft - 2/14/96 or 12th juror there go you ball game . 2nd juror ( to the 8th juror ) say , could I see that knife for a second ? the 8th juror slide the knife across the table to . the 2nd juror who open and examine it . foreman well , we be still tie up six to six . who 's get a suggestion ? 12th juror I have . let 's get some dinner . 5th juror why do not we wait till seven ? give it another hour . 12th juror okay with I . 2 nd juror um -- there 's something I have like to say . I mean , it 's be bother I a little and as long as we be stick well , there be this whole busin about the stab wound and how it be make , the downward angle of it , you know ? 3rd juror do not tell I we be gonna start with that . they go over it and over it . 2nd juror I know they do , but I do not go along with it . the boy be five foot , seven inch tall . his father be six -two . that 's a difference of seven inch . it 's a very awkward thing to stab down into . the chest of someone who 's more than a half a foot taller than you be . first draft - 2/14/96 92 3rd juror ( crossing to 2nd juror and indicate the knife ) give I that . ° the 2nd juror hand the knife to the 3rd juror . 3rd juror ( cont ) look you be not gonna be satisfied till you see it again . I be gonna give you a: demonstration . somebody get up . there be a pause . no one move for a moment , and then the 8th juror rise and cross to the 3rd juror . they stand look at each other . . 3rd . juror ( cont ) okay . ( to the 2nd juror ) now , watch this . I do not want to ' have to do it . again . ( he turn to the 8th juror , look squarely at he , and squat to make himself short ) I be six or seven inch short than you . right ? 2nd juror that 's right . maybe a little more . 3rd juror okay . let it be more . he flick open the knife , change its position in he hand and hold it aloft , ready to stab downward . the 8th juror and the 3rd juror look steadily at each other , then the 3rd juror suddenly stab downward , hard . 2nd juror look out ! the blade stop about a inch from the 8th juror 's chest . the 8th juror do not move . the 3rd juror smile . 6th : juror that 's not funny . first draft - 2/14/96 93 5 th juror what 's the matter with you ? 3rd . juror now just calm down . nobody 's hurt . right ? 8th juror no. nobody 's hurt . 3rd juror all right . there 's you angle . take a look at it . down and in . that 's how I would stab a taller man in the chest and that 's how it be do . now go ahead and tell I I be wrong . the 3rd juror hand the knife to the 8th juror and cross away . the 12th juror cross to the 8th juror and use he close hand , simulate stabbing the 8th juror in the chest . 12th juror down and in . I guess there 's no argument . 5 th juror ( move to the 8th juror ) wait a minute . give I that . the 8th juror hand the knife to the 5th juror . he close the knife and hold it gingerly . 5th juror ( cont ) I hate this thing . I grow up with they . 8th juror have you see they use in fight ? . 5 th juror too many of they . on my stoop . in my backyard . in the lot across the street . switch knife come with the neighborhood where I live . funny , I be not think of it . I guess you try to forget that thing . you can not use this kind of knife that way . you have to hold it like this first draft - 2/14/96 94 5th juror ( cont ) to release the blade . in order to stab downward , you would have to change you grip . 8th juror how do you use it ? 5 th juror underhanded . he flick the knife open and hold it underhanded , swing round and slashes swiftly forward and upward . 5th juror ( cont ) like that . anyone who 's ever use a switch knife have never handle it any other way . 8th juror be you sure ? 5th juror I be sure . ( he close the blade and flick it open again ) that 's why they be make like this . 8th juror everyone agree that the boy be pretty handy with a knife , do not they ? 5th juror that 's right . 8th juror ( to the 5th juror ) do you think he would have make the kind of wound that kill he father ? 5 th juror not with the experience he have have with this thing . no , I do not think he would . he have go for he underhanded ... first draft - 2/14/96 95 3rd juror how do you know ? what -- be you in the room when the father be kill ? 5 th juror no , and neither be anyone else . he stick the knife in the table and cross away . 3rd juror - ( to the 8th juror ) you be give we a lot of mumbo-jumbo here . I do not believe it . 4th juror I do not think you can determine what type of wound this boy might or might not have make simply because he know how to handle a knife . 3rd juror that 's right . that 's absolutely right . 8th juror ( look at the 12th juror ) what do you think ? the 12th juror hesitates for a moment . he be confuse , but try to be honest . 12 th juror well -- I do not know ... 3rd juror what d'ya mean -- you do not know ? 12th juror I do not know . 8th juror ( to the 7th juror ) what about you ? the 7th juror look around the table momentarily . 4th juror just a minute . accord to the woman across the street ... first draft - 2/14/96 96 7th juror listen , I / 1l1 tell you something . I be a little sick of this whole thing already . all this yakkin 's gettin’ we nowhere so I be go to break it up here . I be change my vote to not guilty . 3rd juror you be what ? 7th juror you hear I . I have have enough . 3rd juror what do you mean -- you have have enough ? that 's no answer . 7th juror hey , listen , you ! just worry about yourself ! 11 th juror ( crossing to the 7th juror ) he 's right . that be not a answer . what kind of a man be you ? you have sit here and vote guilty with everyone else because there be some baseball ticket burn a hole in you pocket . now you have change you vote because you say you be sick of all the talk here . 7th juror listen , buddy ... 11th juror you have no right to play like this with a man 's life . this be a terrible and ugly thing to do . do not you care ...? 7th juror now wait a minute . you can not talk like that to I ! - we first draft ~ 2/14/96 97 11th juror I can talk like that to you . if you want to vote not guilty , then do it because you be convinced the man be not guilty -- not because you have have enough . and if you think he 's guilty then vote that way . or do not you have the gut to do what you think be right ? 7th juror now , listen ... " 11 th juror guilty or not guilty ? 7th juror I tell you -- not guilty . 11th juror why ? 7th juror God damn you . I do not have to ... 11th juror you do have to . say it . why ? 7th juror ( in a low voice ) I -- do not think he 's guilty . the 11th juror look disgustedly at the 7th juror then move to he chair . the 7th juror stand defeat . 8th juror Mr. Foreman , I want another vote . foreman okay , there 's another vote call for. ( the juror cross to they chair and sit ) I guess the quick way be a show of - : hand . anybody object ? ( there be no answer ) all that voting not guilty raise you hand . first draft - 2/14/96 98 the 2nd , 5th , 6th , 7th , sth 9th and lith juror raise they hand immediately . foreman ( cont ) one. two . Three . four. five . six . Seven . the 12th juror 's face be a mask of indecision , then he suddenly raise he hand . foreman ( cont ) eight . he stop count and . look around the table . slowly , almost embarrassed he raise he own hand foreman ( cont ) nine . ( he lower he hand ) all that voting guilty . the 3rd , 4th , and 10th juror raise they hand . foreman ( cont ) nine to three in favor of not guilty . 10 th juror I do not understand you people . I mean , all this picky little point you keep bring up . they do not mean nothing . how can you believe he story ? ( to the 11th juror ) you be a intelligent man . well , you be not gonna tell I you be not . - you know the fact of life . well , for chrissake look at what we be deal with here . you know he ! I mean , that guy -- ( he point to the 8th juror ) over there , well , I do not know what the hell be go on with he . all that talk about psychiatrist . maybe he ought to go to one . look , let 's talk fact . this people be bear to lie . now it 's the way they be and no intelligent man be gonna tell I otherwise . they do not know what the first draft - 2/14/96 the 5th juror the 5th juror 99 | +) 10 th juror ( cont ) truth be . well , take a look at they . they be different . they think different . they act different . well , for instance , they do not need any big excuse to kill someone . cross to the washroom door . 10 th juror ( cont ) well , that 's true . everybody know it . they get drunk on wine or | something cheap like that . oh , they be very big drinker . go into the washroom , slam the door behind he . 10 th juror . ( cont ) smart guy ! look at he for chrissake ! what do that mean , slamm the door ? and then they be drunk , and all of a sudden -- bang -- somebody 's lie dead in the gutter . okay , nobody 's blame they for it . that 's how they be , by nature , y'k now what I mean ? violent ! human life do not mean as much to they as it do to we . the 11th juror rise and cross to the washroom door . he follow the 11th juror . . 10 th juror ( cont ) where be you go . the 11th juror do not reply and go into the washroom . the 4th juror : 10 th juror ( cont ) while you be in there , clean out you ear , maybe you will hear something . rise and move to the window . first draft - 2/16/96 100 10 th juror ( cont ) look , you , listen to I now . this people be booz it up , and fight all the time , and if somebody get kill , so somebody get kill . they do not care . family do not mean anything to they . they breed like animal . father , mother , that do not mean anything . oh , sure , there be some good thing about ’em . look , I be the first one to say that . I have know some who be okay , but that 's the exception . 9th juror do you know that you be a sick man ? 10 th juror sick ? 9th juror why do not you sit down ? 10 th juror you old son of a bitch ! who the hell be you ? he move towards the 9th juror . the 12th juror step between the 9th and the 10th juror . 10 th juror ( cont ) ( to the 12th juror ) no . who the hell be he to tell I that ? sick . look at he - he can hardly stand up . listen , I be speak my piece here and you be gonna listen . the 9th juror move to the window . 12 th juror maybe if you just quiete down . first draft - 2/14/96 101 10 th juror . I will like hell quite down . there be not one of they , not one who 's any good . now do you hear that ? not one . now let I lay this out for you -- ignorant -- bastard . ( to the 9th juror ) you at the window , you be so god - damned smart . we be face a danger here . do not you know it ?. this people be multiply . that kid on trial , he type , they be multiply five time as fast as we be . that 's the statistic . five time . and they be -- wild animal . they be against we , they hate we , they want to destroy we . that 's right . ( to 6th juror ) do not look at I like that ! there 's a danger . for God 's sake we be live in a dangerous time , and if we do not watch it , if we do not smack they down whenever we can , then they be gonna own we . they be gonna breed we out of existence . 6th juror ah , shut up ! 10 th juror now you god - damned geniuse have better listen to I . they be violent , they be vicious , they be ignorant , and they will cut we up . that 's they intent . to cut we up . ( to 7th juror ) I be warning you . this boy , this . boy on trial here . we have get he . that 's one at least . I say get he before he kind get we . I do not give a god-damn about the law . why should I ? they do not . now I be tell you . -~ wr = first draft - 2/16/96 102 2nd juror I have hear enough . now you just stop all this . 10 th juror ( look angrily at the 2nd juror ) how would you like I to cave you head in for you , you smart little bastard ? where the hell do you get the gall ...? . the 4th juror step in front of the 10th juror and stop he firmly . 4th juror we have hear enough . sit down . and do not open you filthy mouth again . the 4th and 10th juror stare at each other . finally , the 10th juror turn away , cross to a chair and sit he back to the other . the other juror slowly cross to they seat . 8th juror it 's very hard to keep personal prejudice out of a thing like this . and no matter where you run into it , prejudice obscure the truth . well , I do not think any real damage have be do here . because I do not really know what the truth be . no one ever will , I suppose . nine of we now seem to feel that the defendant be innocent , but we be just gambling on probability . we may be wrong . we may be try to return a guilty man to the community . no one can really know . but we have a reasonable doubt , and this be a safeguard which have enormous value in we system . no jury can declare a man guilty unless it 's sure . we nine can not understand how you three be still so sure . maybe you can tell we . - ss ss first draft - 2/14/96 103 4th juror I will try .. you have make some excellent point . the last one , in which you '' prove '' that the boy could not have make the kind of overhand stab would that kill he father , be very persuasive . but I still believe the boy be guilty of murder . I have two reason . one : the evidence give by the woman across the street who actually see the murder commit . 3rd juror and how , brother ! as far as I be concerned that 's the most important testimony . in the whole case . 4th juror and two : the fact that this woman describe the stabbing by say she see the boy raise he arm over he head and plunge the knife down . into he father 's chest . she see he do it -- the wrong way . 3rd juror that 's right ! that 's absolutely right ! 4th juror now , let 's talk about this woman for a minute . she say that she go to bed at about eleven o'clock that night . her bed be next to the window -- and she could look out while lie down and see directly into the boy 's window across the street . ' she toss and turn for over a hour , unable to fall asleep . finally , she turn towards the window at about ten minute after twelve , and , as she look out , she see the kill through the window first draft - 2/16/96 104 4th juror ( cont ) of the pass el train . she say that the light go out immediately after the kill but that she get a good look at the boy in the act of stabbing he father . as far as I can see , this be unshakable testimony . 3rd juror that 's what I mean . that 's the whole case . 4th juror ( to 8th juror ) what do you think ? the 8th juror remain silent . the 4th juror look at the 12th juror . 4th juror ( cont ) how about you ? 12 juror well -- I do not know . there 's so much evidence to sift . this isa pretty complicated business . 4th juror frankly I do not see how we can vote for acquittal . 12 juror well , it 's not easy to arrange the evidence in order . 3rd juror you can throw out all the other evidence . the woman see he do it . what else . do you want ? 12th juror well , maybe ... 3rd juror let 's vote on it . foreman okay . there 's another vote call for . anybody object ? first draft - 2/14/96 105 12 th juror : I be change my vote . I think he 's '' guilty '' . 3rd juror anybody else ? the vote be eight to four . 11th juror ( to the 3rd juror ) what make you consider this one vote a personal triumph ? 3rd juror I be the competitive type . ( to the other ) okay . now here 's what I think . I think we be a hang jury . let 's take it inside to the judge . 4th juror you do not want a hang jury before . 3rd juror well , I want it now . 4th juror . I do not understand that . you think it be immoral to ... 3rd juror I do not any more . there be people in here who be so god - damned stubborn that you can not even ... we x11 never get this thing do . we will be here for a week . well , I want to hear a argument . I say we be a hang jury . ( he turn to the 8th juror ) come on . you be the leader of the cause . what about it ? 8th juror let 's go over it again . _- = worry os first draft - 2/16/96 _ 106 - 3rd juror we go over it again . ( he wave towards the 12th juror ) J. walter Thompson up there be bounce backwards and forward like a tennis ball ... 12th juror wait a second . you have no right to ... the 4th juror remove he spectacle and polish they . 3rd juror I apologize on my knee . ( to the 8th juror ) come on . l let 's get out from under this thing . 4th juror all right . maybe we can talk about set some kind of a time limit . still polish he spectacle , he turn and peer up at the clock . 4th juror ( cont ) the time be ... he squint and put on he spectacle . 3rd juror Quarter after six . 4th juror ( look at clock ) - Quarter after six . he remove he spectacle and lay themon the table . he look tired . he close he eye and clasp he finger over the mark leave by he spectacle at the side of he nose . he rub this area as he speak . 4th juror ( cont ) someone before mention seven o'clock . I think that 's a point at which we might begin to discuss the question of whether we be a hang jury or not . sa ea ee first draft - 2/14/96 107 the 9th juror look closely at the 4th juror and obviously have think of something tremendously exciting . 9th juror ( to the 4th juror ) do not you feel well ? 4th juror I feel perfectly well -- thank you . ( to the other ) I be say that seven o'clock would be a reasonable time to ... '' 9th juror the reason I ask about that be because you be rub you nose like ... I be sorry for interrupt . but you make a gesture that remind I ... : 4th juror I be try to settle something here . do you mind ? 9th juror I think this be important . 4 th juror very well . 9th juror thank you . I be sure you will pardon I for this , but I be wonder why you be rub you nose like that ? 3rd juror ah , come on , now , will ya please ! . 9th juror right now I happen to be talk to this gentleman here . ( to the 4th juror ) now , why be you rub you nose ? 4th juror well , if it 's any of you business , I be rub it because it bother I a little . veo os first draft - 2/16/96 ry 108 9th juror I be sorry . be it because of you eyeglass ? 4 th juror it be . now. could we get on to something else ? 9th juror you eyeglass make that deep impression on the side of you nose . I have not notice that before . they must be annoying . 4th juror they be very annoying . 9th juror . . i. would not know about that . I have never wear eyeglass . ( he point to -his eye and smile ) twenty-twenty . 7th juror listen , will you come on already with the optometrist bit . 9th juror ( to the 4th juror ) the woman who testify that she see the kill have this same deep mark on the side of she nose . there be a silence in the room and then a babble of ad lib conversation . 9th juror ( cont ) please . just a minute and then I x11 be finish . I do not know if anyone else notice that about she . I do not think about it then , but I have be go over she face in my mind . she have that mark . she keep rub they in court . 5 th juror he 's right . she do do that a lot . SE first draft - 2/14/96 109 9th juror this woman be about forty - five year old . she be make tremendous effort to look thirty - five for she first public appearance . heavy make - up . dyed hair . brand - new clothes that should have be wear by a young woman . no eyeglass . see if you can get a mental picture of she . 3rd juror . _ what d'ya mean , no glass ? you do not know if she wear glass . just because she be rub she nose ... 5th juror she have that mark . I see ‘em . 3rd juror so what ? what d'ya think that mean ? foreman listen , I see ‘em too . he as. right . I be the close one to she . she have this deep thing , what d'ya call ‘em , uh -- you know . he message the spot : on he nose where they should be . 3rd juror well , what point be you make here ? foreman she have that mark . 3rd juror she have dyed hair and mark on she nose . I be ask ya what do that mean ? 9th juror could that mark be make by anything other than eyeglass ? 4th juror no . they could not . 110 3rd juror ( tq the 4th. juror ) listen , what be you say here ? I do not see any mark . 4th juror I do . strange , but I do not think about it before . 3rd juror well , what about the lawyer ? why do not he say anything ? 8th juror there be twelve people in here concentrate on this case . eleven of we do not think of it either . - 3rd juror okay , clarence darrow . then what about the District Attorney ? you think he have try to pull a trick like that , have she testify without glass ? 8th juror do you ever see a woman who have to wear glass and do not want to because she think they spoil she look . 6th juror my wife . listen , I be tell ya , as soon as we walk outta the house ... . 8 th juror maybe the District Attorney do not know , either . 6th juror yeah , that 's what I be just gonna say . 3rd juror okay . she have mark on she nose . I be givin’ ya this . from glass . right ? she never wear ‘em out of the first draft - 2/14/96 le Mt 3rd juror ( cont ) house so people have think she be gorgeous . but when she see this kid kill he father she be in the e house . alone . that 's all . 8th juror ( to 4th juror ) do you wear you eyeglass when you go to bed ? 4th juror no , I do not . no one wear eyeglass to bed . 8th juror it 's logical to say that she be not wear they while she be in bed , toss and turn , try to fall asleep . 3rd juror i how do you know ? 8th juror I do not know . I be guess . I be also guess that she probably do not put on she glass when she turn and look casually out of the window . and she herself say that the murder take place just ass he look out , and the light go off a split second later . she could not have have time to put glass on then . 3rd juror wait a second ... 8th juror and here 's another guess . maybe she honestly think she see the boy kill he father . I say that she see only a blur . EST pf I first draft - 2/16/96 ' m12 3rd juror how do you know what she see ? how do he know all this thing ? ( to 8th juror ) you do not know what kind of glass she wear . maybe she be farsight . maybe they be sunglass . what do you know about it ? 8th juror I only know that the woman 's eyesight be in question now . 11th juror she have to identify a person sixty foot away in the dark , without glass . 2nd juror you cant send someone off to die on evidence like that . 3rd juror do not give I that ! 8th juror do not you think that the woman might have make a mistake ? 3rd juror no ! 8th juror it 's not possible ? 3rd juror no ! it 's not possible . . 8 th juror ( to the 12th juror ) be it possible ? 12th juror yes . I say not guilty . 8th juror ( to the 10th juror ) do you think he 's guilty ? first draft - 2/14/96 113 10 th juror yes , I think he 's guilty . but I could not care less . you smart bastard do whatever you want to do . 8th juror how do you vote ? 10 th juror not guilty . do whatever you want . 3rd juror you be the worst son a ... I think he 's guilty . 8 th juror do anyone else think he 's guilty ? 4th juror no , I be convinced . 3rd juror what 's the matter with you ? 4th juror I now have a reasonable doubt . 9th juror it 's eleven to one . 3rd juror well , what about all the other evidence ? what about all that stuff -- the knife -- the whole business ? 2nd juror you say we could throw out all the other evidence . 8th juror ( to the 3rd juror ) you be alone . 3rd juror I do not care whether I be alone or not . it 's my right . 8th juror it 's you right . first draft - 2/16/96 114 3rd juror well , what d'ya want ? I say he 's guilty . 8th juror we want you argument . 3rd juror I give you my argument . 8th juror we be not convinced . we want to hear they again . we have as much time as it take . 3rd juror everything -- every single thing that come out in that courtroom , but I mean everything , say he 's guilty . do you think I be a idiot or something ? you lousy bunch of bleed heart . you be not goin’ to intimidate I . I be entitle to my opinion . I can sit in this goddamn room for a year . somebody say something . ( the other watch silently ) why doncha take that stuff about the old man -- the old man who live there -- and hear everything . or take the knife , what -- just because he -- find one like it ? the old man see he . right there on the stair . what 's the difference how many second it take ? what 's the difference ? every single thing . the knife fall through a hold in he pocket -- you can not prove that he do not get to the door . sure you can hobble around the room all . you want , but you can not prove . it . I be tell you every single thing that go on have be twisted and turn in here . that business with the glass , how do you know she do not have they on ? first draft - 2/14/96 115 3rd juror ( cont ) the woman testify in court . well , what do / ya want ? that 's it . ( the other be silent ) that 's the whole case . ( the other be silent ) that whole thing about hearing the boy yell ? the phrase be '' I be gonna kill you . '' that 's what he say . to he own father . I do not care what kind of a man that be . it be he father . that goddamn rotten kid . I know he . what they be like . what they do to you . how they kill you every day . my God , do not you see ? how come I be the only one who see ? jeez , I can feel that knife goin 's in . 8th juror it 's not you boy . he 's somebody else . 4 th juror let he live . there 's a long pause . 3rd juror all right . '' not guilty . '' the. foreman move to the door and knock on it . the guard enter . foreman we be ready . guard all right , gentleman . bring you coat and come along . the Guard exit .. the foreman and the other juror collect they jacket etc. , and follow he off . the 3rd juror remain seat . finally only he and the 8th . juror remain in the room . the 8th juror put on he own jacket and bring the 3rd juror 's jacket to he . 3rd juror rise . 8th juror help he on with he jacket . 3rd juror exit . 8th juror follow , but pause at the door and look back at the empty jury room . the knife still stick into the table . the 8th juror exit . the rain have stop . first draft - 2/16/96 116 ext . courthouse - day the door to the courthouse building , shoot from outside . rain beat against it . it begin to turn now , and the juror start to emerge . one by one they walk into the rain , each reacting with he own maneuver . one turn up he collar . one pull down he hat . one hold a newspaper over he head . they begin to move down the step in group and singly now . # 8 be alone . he walk into close - up , rain bead he face . he raise he collar , look around and then walk off . the other begin to spread out now . some turn leave , some right , some go straight ahead . camera move back and up , end with a long shot , through the pelting rain , of the step and the juror spread out silently in all direction , never to see each other again . and finally they be go , and the rain beat down on the empty step . fade out the end