twelve monkey a original screenplay by David people &amp ; Janet people inspire by LA jetee , a Chris marker Film production draft June 27 , 1994 fade in : int . concourse / airport terminal - BAY close on a face . a nine year old boy , young cole , he eye wide with wonder . watch something intently . we hear the sound of the p.a. system dron Flight information mingle with the sound of urgent shout , run feet , exclamation . young cole's Pov : twenty yard away , a blonde man be sprawle on the floor , blood ooze from he gaudy Hawaiian shirt . a brunette in a tight dress , she face obscure from young cole be view , rush to the injure man , kneel beside he , minister to he wound . angle on young cole , flanke by he parent , they face out of view , as they steer he away . father' voice ( o.s. ) come on , Son -- this be no place for we . young cole resist momentarily , mesmerize by the drama . young cole's Pov : intermittently visible through a confusion of figure rush through the foreground , the blonde man reach up and touch the cheek of the kneel brunette in a gesture of enormous tenderness , a gesture of farewell , while the p.a. system continue its monotonous monotone ... p.a. system Flight 784 for San Francisco be now ready for board at inmate number 66578 , greely . int . prison dormitory / future - eternal night prison p.a. system -- number 5429 , Garcia -- number 87645 , Cole ... cole , late thirty , dark hair , come awake in a bunk cage , one of many stack four high along both side of a long dim corridor . he blink in the near dark , shake , disorient . then , as he " recover " from he very vivid dream , we get our first look at he environment ... a windowless underground world of eternal night sometime in the future ... a almost colorless " reality " of blurred edge and echoey sound , much more " dreamlike " than he dream . flashlight glare . in the half - light , cole see spooky figure , guard , move among the lock bunk / cage . cole turn and whisper to the occupant of the next cage , jose ... cole ssssst ! Jose , what 's go on ? jose 's face be almost lose in shadow . what there be of it be youthful . he 's just a scared Puerto rican kid ! jose " volunteer " again . jose immediately roll over and feign sleep as scarface , a menace guard with a jag scar run down he cheek , loom close to cole 's cage and unlock it . scarface " volunteer duty " . the prisoner in the other cage watch silently with narrow eye . cole I do not volunteer . scarface you cause trouble again ? cole ( control he temper ) no trouble . int . equipment room - eternal night cole 's alone , struggle to get into what look like a space suit in a room where suit hang like ghost with blank eye . title begin supere over the scene cole have the torso of the suit on now and be try to close it . offscreen voice ( o.s . ) all opening must be close . cole look for the source of the voice , a tiny grate in the wall . offscreen voice ( o.s . ) if the integrity of the suit be compromise in any way , if the fabric be tear or a zipper not close , readmittance will be deny . int . sealed chamber - minute later ( eternal night ) cole , wear the " space suit " and a helmet with a plastic visor , step into a tiny chamber , a kind of air lock . the heavy door clang shut behind he . he 's alone . cole be breath come quick now as he suck oxygen from the air tank on he back . on the opposite wall be another door with a huge wheel lock . cole turn the heavy wheel , open the door , step through it int . elevator - second later ( eternal night ) cole's in a ascend elevator that groan and creak . he look down at a crudely draw map he hold in he glove hand . the map show a series of tunnel and ladder . int . sewer pipe - minute later ( night ) cole pan a flashlight , probing the filthy sewer he 's wading through rat flee the blade of light , scurry across island of rusting junk . the flashlight beam settles on a ladder mount in the wall . reaching the rusted ladder , cole start to climb awkwardly . ext . CITY STREET / future - moment later ( night ) a scraping noise as a heavy man-hole cover be push up and move aside . cole be helmete head emerge from below . cole's Pov through he plastic - visore helmet : a city in moonlight ! a surreal image of abandon building . no people anywhere . the only sound be the wind and cole's breathing . ext . another CITY STREET - minute later ( night ) cole be light reveal abandon vine- cover automobile . move to the nearest car , cole search in the vine for something . find it . a insect . cole take the bug in he glove hand . as he clumsily insert it into a collection tube , something make he turn . there 's something across the street in the dark . something alive . cole point he flashlight and reveal ... a bear ! startle by the light , the animal blink , then stand on its rear leg and roar . angle on cole , stare wide - eye . then , the bear sink down onto all four and , try to avoid the flashlight , it pad quickly down the street . int . subterranean parking garage - night use the flashlight to see , cole reach down to the crack floor and get another specimen . dogshit ! the only sound be cole's labor breathing . then , a different SOUND . grrrr ! a dog. more grrrr . more dog . then , a yip . then , vicious growls . it 's a dogfight ! ext . STREET - night ( first light ) a giant owl , perch on a overhead traffic light , raise its wing and lift off ... rise higher and higher into the brighten sky . below , on the street , cole trudge along , pass desert building , window break , rusted sign dangle . int . department store - night ( first light ) cole be light reveal a spider web just inside the store . a large spider try to hide from the light . cole reach carefully into the web and pluck the spider and put it into one of he specimen tube . then , he shine he light all around the once elegant store . there 's nothing but aisle after aisle of molder consumer goods . ext . department store - dawn as cole come out of the store , the first ray of the sun hit the building . cole stop , squint into the light through he visor . cole's Pov : spray-paint on the wall a long time ago be a stencile logo of twelve monkey hold hand in a circle . over it be write , " we did it ! " cole look up . cole's Pov : high up on a building across the street , a lion patrol a ledge , pause , look out majestically over he world . tttles end int . first underground decontamination chamber - eternal night roaring water , powerful torrent gush from nozzle in the wall , pummel the still - suite cole . int . second underground decontamination chamber - eternal night Stark naked and shiver , cole be be scrubbed with brushes on long pole ( like the one use to wash car ) wield by two hulking figure in bulky decontamination suit , they personas lose in they window mask . it 's a grim scene in a grim cement room with damp , drip wall . from a unseen source come a amplified voice , amplified voice ( o.s. ) raise you arm above you head . cole lift he arm and the figure start scrubbing he armpit . int . tiny chamber - shortly ( eternal night ) still naked , cole be seat on a stool while a masked technician in a less elaborate , less bulky decontamination outfit draw blood from cole's arm with a old - fashioned hypodermic needle . cole glance toward a single , nearly opaque " window " of thick plastic in the rusty iron wall . vague figure seem to lurk behind the translucent aperture , study he . the technician slip the blood sample through a slot in the wall . int . engineering office / future world - eternal night ushere in by two guard , tiny and scarface , cole look around . cole's Pov : wail hide by old headline , article , map , chart ... a blackboard cover with elaborate , sophisticated formulae ... surface heape with crack monitor , gerry - rig computer hold together with string , laser lose in tangles of cable , ancient tube amplifier , a dilapidate cardboard reconstruction of a city , stack of molder book and tatter computer printout ... and , seat at a long conference table , stare at cole , six scientist : a astrophysicist , engineer , botanist , microbiologist , zoologist , and a geologist . they represent a " modern " science where brilliant new idea interface with crude , outdated , patch - together technology . tiny James Cole . clear from quarantine . microbiologist thank you . you two wait outside . scarface he 's get a history , Doctor . violence . cole be eye return to the wall . headline : " clock ticking ! no cure yet ! " scarface anti-social six -- do 25 to life . engineer I do not think he 's go to hurt we . you be not go to hurt we , be you Mr. Cole ? cole's head turn quickly to the engineer . cole no , sir . the guard exchange a look , shrug , exit , close the door . microbiologist why do not you sit down , Mr. Cole . cole go to the empty chair at the conference table , sit down . astrophysicist we want you to tell we about last night . cole I go to the surface and I collect specimen like I be tell . the scientist do not say anything . they just study he carefully . cole ( worried ) I mashed the spider , do not I ? microbiologist we will get to the spider later , Mr. Cole . right now , we want to know everything that you see . int . engineering office - a hour later ( eternal night ) cole , start to look very tired now , stand at the blackboard sketching a detailed map of exactly where he be last night . astpophysicist where you collect sample # 4 , what street be that ? cole uh ... botanist it 's important to observe everything . cole I think it be ... I be sure it be 2nd Street . as the scientist start to whisper animatedly among themselves , cole's eye drift across the newspaper clipping tape to the wall . one headline scream , " virus mutating ! " another feature a photo of a old man ( dr . mason , who we will see again later on ) and the word , scientist say , " it's too late for cure " . astrophysicist's voice ( o.s. ) Close you eye , Cole . startle , cole close he eye obediently . blackness . like cole , we see nothing . but we hear they voice . engineer' voice ( o.s. ) tell we in detail what you have see in this room . cole's voice ( o.s . ) uh , in this room ? uh ... microbiologist's voice ( o.s. ) how many of we be there ? cole's voice ( o.s. ) six ... seven , if you count I . astrophysicist's voice ( o.s. ) tell we about the picture on the wall ... cole's voice ( o.s . ) uh , you mean the newspaper ? a montage of overlapping voice ( o.s. ) tell we about the newspaper . can you hear my voice ? what do I look like ? what do he look like , the man who just speak ? how old be you when you leave the surface ? the voice blur into a cacophony and fade into the dron p.a. system at the airport . int . concourse / airport - day the dream again ! but at a earlier moment . young cole , flanke by he parent , whose face be out of view , be watch a plane land through one of the big glass window that line the concourse lead to the departure gate . p.a. system ( o.s. ) Flight 784 now board at gate ... suddenly , a shout , follow by raise voice , interrupt the monotonous airport routine . as young cole and he parent turn to see what 's go on , a man we will call mr . ponytail , he face avert , hurry past they , bump young cole with a Chicago hull Sports duffle bag . mr. ponytail watch it ! young cole see little more than the gaudy pants , the duffle , and the man 's ponytail flopping as he rush towards the gate . just then , a woman' voice cry out , " nooooooooo ! " young cole turn back toward the Security check Point just as traveler scatter madly , some diving to the floor , other run . a terrified traveler , hit the floor close by , look up at young cole with panicky eye , and ask .... terrified traveler just exactly why do you volunteer ? int . engineering office / future world - ( eternal night ) cole come abruptly awake . seat now , he 's face the scientist . astrophysicist wake up , Cole . cole uh , I do not hear the ... microbiologist ( tapping a pencil on the table ) I ask you , why do you volunteer ? cole well , the guard wake I up . he tell I I volunteer . the scientist react , whisper urgently among themselves . cole start to nod off again , then come awake with a start as the engineer speak to he . engineer we appreciate you volunteering . you be a very good observer , Cole . cole uh , thank you . engineer you will get a reduction in sentence . cole keep he face impassive . astrophysicist to be determine by the proper authority . engineer you do not want to jeopardize that reduction , do you , Cole ? have it take away ? cole no , sir ! astrophysicist we have a very advanced program , something very different , require very skilled people . microbiologist a opportunity to reduce you sentence considerably ... zoologist and possibly play a important role in return the human race to the surface of the earth . engineer we want tough minded people . strong mentally . we have have some ... misfortune with " unstable " type . astrophysicist for a man in you position ... a opportunity . botanist not to volunteer could be a real mistake . microbiologist ( tapping he pencil again ) definitely a mistake ! cole give away nothing . he 's in a box here . he have no choice . he stare at the tapping pencil . int . art gallery - night a strikingly " real " world of bright color . extravagant painting adorn the wall . a poet , tiny and ruddy face , squint over he glass as he read in a booming voice to a audience of thirty seat on fold chair . poet still among the myriad microwave , the infra-re message , the gigabyte of one and zeroe , we find word , infinitesimally small , byte-size now , tinier even than science lurking in some vague electricity where , if we listen we can hear the solitary voice of that poet tell we , " we be no other than a move row of Magic shadow - shape that come and go round with the sun-illumine lantern hold in Midnight by the master of the show . " as the poet read , we study the audience , mostly yuppie culture junkies or bohemian . among they , a light - haire woman of twenty - eight , soberly dress , wear glass . she 's kathryn railly . and it 's she beeper that suddenly beeps . beep ! beep ! poet' voice ( o.s . ) " the move finger write ; and , have writ , move on : nor all you piety nor wit shall lure it back to cancel half a line , nor all you tear wash out a Word of it . " beep ! beep ! scowl at the outrageous interruption , the poet look up from the text just as railly , tumble , shut off the beeper and rise , embarrassed . as she make she way to a exit , the glaring poet continue ... poet " yesterday this Day 's madness do prepare ; tomorrow 's silence , triumph or despair : drink ! for you know not whence you come , nor why : drink ! for you know not why you go , nor where . " int . corridor / police station - night detective franki lead railly past crowded hold cell . franki -- so they get there and they ask the guy real nice for some kind of i.d. , and he get agitate , start scream about viruse . totally irrational , totally disorient , do not know where he be , what day it be , alla that stuff . all they get be he name . they figure he 's stone out of he mind , it 's some kinda psychotic episode , so they be gonna bring he ... railly he 's be test for drug ? franki negative for drug . but he take on five cop like he be dust to the eyeball . no drug . you believe that ? franki pause , indicate a tiny observation window of thick meshed glass in a otherwise solid door , and railly look through it . railly's Pov through the window : a man , he back to she , in strait - jacket and prison denim , examine the wall of the padded cell with the distort intensity of a " mental case " . railly you have he in restraint . franki be you listen ? we get two officer in the hospital . yeah , he 's in restraint , plus the medic give he enough stellazine to kill a horse . look at he ! still on he foot . railly's Pov through the window : the man in the cell turn , look right at she . in spite of the cut and welt , it 's clearly cole . railly that would explain the bruise , I guess . the struggle . franki you want to go in ? examine he ? railly yes , please . you say he give a name ... franki ( unlock the door ) James Cole . that 's everything we get . none of the James cole on the computer match he . no license , no print , no warrant . nothing . you want I to go in with you ? railly ( enter ) no , thank you . franki I will be right here ... just in case . int . isolation cell cole stare at railly . the environment be intensely real ... vivid color ... each sound , however slight , very distinct , almost loud ... and yet she appear to he almost like a vision . railly Mr. Cole ? my name be Doctor railly . I be a psychiatrist . I work for the County -- I do not work for the police . my only concern be you well be -- do you understand that ? cole I need to go now . railly I be go to be completely honest . I be not go to lie to you . I can not make the police let you go ... but I do want to help you . and I want you to trust I . can you do that , James ? May I call you " James " ? cole " James " ! nobody ever call I that . railly ( frown , study he ) have you be a patient at County ? have I see you someplace ? cole no , not possible . listen , I have to get out of here . I be suppose to be get information . railly what kind of information ? cole it will not help you . you can not do anything about it . you can not change anything . railly Change what ? cole I need to go . railly do you know why you be here , James . cole because I be a good observer . because I have a tough mind . railly I see . you do not remember assault a police officer ... several officer ? cole they want identification . I do not have any identification . I be not try to hurt they . railly you do not have a driver 's license , James ? or a Social Security card ? cole no. railly why not ? most people have some id . cole you would not understand . railly you have be in a institution , have not you , James ? a hospital ? cole I have to go . railly a jail ? prison ? cole Underground . railly hiding ? cole I love this air . this be wonderful air . railly what 's wonderful about the air , James ? cole it 's so clean . no germ . railly you be afraid of germ ? cole I have to go . railly why do you think there be not any germ in the air , James ? cole this be April , right ? railly July . cole ( sudden panic ) July ?! railly do you know what year it be ? cole what year be it ? railly what year do you think it be ? cole 1995 ? railly you think it 's July of 1995 ? that 's the future , James . do you think you be live in the future ? cole ( slightly confuse ) no , 1995 be the past . railly 1995 be the future , James . this be 1989 . cole look stunne . int . police station corridor - morning cole , bound tightly by the strait - jacket , heavy manacle on he ankle , be be escort down the corridor by two surly policemen . cole where be you take I ? policeman # 1 South of France , buddy . Fancy hotel . you be gonna love it . cole South of France ?! I do not want to go to the South of France . I want to make a telephone call . policeman # 2 smirk as he unlock a heavy steel door . policeman # 2 Zip it , scumbag -- you fool the shrink with you act , but you do not fool we . then , policeman # 2 swing the steel door open and sunlight overwhelm cole , blind he in a dazzle fury of white light . ext . CITY STREET / mini - van - day a mini-van , the kind of vehicle use to transport a half dozen prisoner , crawl through a busy street . the Police Department logo be prominent on the side of the van beneath bar window . int . county hospital / shower - a hour later ( morning ) fierce spray recall the decontamination in the future . cole stand stark naked under the shower while two muscular attendant , palmer and billing , supervise . as palmer shut off the water , billing hand cole a towel and start inspect he scalp ... billing lemme see you head , jimbo , see if you get any creepy crawly . cole I need to make a telephone call . billing ( pull Cole 's head ) gotta work that out with a doctor , jimbo . can not make no call ' till the doctor say . cole it 's very important . billing what chew gotta do , jimbo , be take it easy , relax into thing . we all gonna get along fine if you just relax . cole get the hint of menace in the message and submit to the lice inspection , only he eye revealing he frustration . int . hospital / dayroom - half a hour later ( day ) cole stand in the doorway , stunne by he first sight of the large room . his eye go to the heavily - grill window where light pour in from outside . then , to the tv , where a cartoon commercial make raucous noise . patient , in k - Mart street clothes or ratty robe , stare gloomily at the tv , or play card , pace , or just stare blankly . billing be at cole be side , beckone to a patient , jeffrey mason , a twenty year old white youth dress in khakis and a plaid shirt . billing Jeffrey . yo! Jeffrey . this here be James . whyncha show James around ? tell he the tv rule , show he the game a ' stuff , okay ? jeffrey ( with a sly look ) how much you gonna pay I ? huh ? I would be do you job . billing five thousand dollar , my man . that enough ? I will wire it to you account as usual , okay ? jeffrey okay , billing . five thousand . that 's enough . five thousand dollar . I will give he the deluxe mental Hospital Tour . as billing walk away chuckle , jeffrey turn to cole . jeffrey kid around , kid around . it make they feel good , we be all pal . we be prisoner , they be the guard , but it 's all in good fun , you see ? cole nod and jeffrey indicate card table where patient be play card , checker , chess , or work on jig see puzzle . jeffrey here 's the game . Games vegitize you . if you play the game , you be voluntarily take a tranquilizer . cole see a partially complete puzzle of the well - know painting , the peaceable kingdom , depict a serene world of animal in harmony . jeffrey what would they give you ? thorazine ? how much ? learn you drug -- know you dose . cole I need to make a telephone call . jeffrey a telephone call ? that 's communication with the outside world ! Doctor 's discretion . hey , if alla this nut could just make phone call , it could spread . insanity ooze through telephone cable , ooze into the ear of all that poor sane people , infect they ! whackos everywhere ! a plague of madness . ( suddenly sly and confidential ) in fact , very few of we here be actually mentally ill . I be not say you be not mentally ill , for all I know you be crazy as a loon . but that 's not why you be here . why you be here be because of the system , because of the economy . ( indicate the tv ) there 's the tv . it 's all right there . commercial . we be not productive anymore , they do not need we to make thing anymore , it 's all automated . what be we for then ? we be consumer . okay , buy a lot of stuff , you be a good citizen . but if you do not buy a lot of stuff , you know what ? you be mentally ill ! that 's a fact ! if you do not buy thing ... toilet paper , new car , computerize blender , electrically operate sexual device ... ( get hysterical ) screwdrivers with miniature built -in radar device , stereo system with brain implanted headphone , voice - activate computer , and ... a woman orderly , terry , turn from the feeble patient she 's help . terry take it easy , Jeffrey . be calm . abruptly , jeffrey stifles he hysteria , take a deep breath and continue , completely calm now . but cole be not listen . he 's mesmerize by the tv . jeffrey so if you want to watch a particular program , say " all my Children " or something , you go to the charge nurse and tell she what day and time the show you want to see be on . but you have to tell she before the show be schedule to be on . there be this one guy who be always request show that have already play . he could not quite grasp the idea that the charge nurse could not just make it be yesterday for he , turn back time ha ha . what a fruitcake !! this last think actually penetrate cole's focus on the tv and he turn to jeffrey who 's pick up speed again . jeffrey seriously , more and more people be be define now as mentally ill . why ? because they be not consume on they own . but as patient , they becone consumer of mental health care . and this give the so-called sane people work ! ( hysteria again ) whooo ! SHOCK therapy ! group therapy ! hallucination ! therapeutic drug ! iggidy diggidy dig ! perfect ! the system in harmony like a big machine ... terry okay , that 's it , Jeffrey , you be gonna get a shot . I warn you ... jeffrey ( calming himself , smile ) right ! right ! carry away , heh heh . I get " carry away " . explain the working of ... the institution . just then , tj WASHINGTON , a somber- look African american in a bathrobe , tap cole on the shoulder . tj WASHINGTON I do not really come from outer space . jeffrey this be tj Washington , Jim -- he do not really come from outer space . tj WASHINGTON do not mock I , my friend . ( to Cole ) it 's a condition of " mental divergence " . I find myself on another planet , ogo , part of a intellectual elite , prepare to subjugate barbarian horde on Pluto . but even though it 's a totally convincing reality in every way ... I can feel , breathe , hear ... nevertheless , ogo be actually a construct of my psyche . I be mentally divergent in that I be escape certain unnamed reality that plague my life here . when I stop go there , I will be well . be you also divergent , friend ? the p.a. system interrupt , startling cole . p.a. system ( v.o. ) James cole. report to staff. James Cole ! jeffrey staff ! whoo ! time for staff . now the geniuse cure you . hallelujah ! int . psych ward conference room - minute later ( day ) cole be agitate , speak forcefully . cole this be a place for crazy people ! I be not crazy ! railly , four other psychiatric resident , include railly's best friend , marilou martin , and they chief , dr . owen fletcher , sit around a beat - up conference table , watch cole , who sit face the doctor , with billing loom behind he . ( some of the doctor bear a strong resemblance to the scientist of the future . ) resident # 1 we do not use that term ... " crazy " , Mr. Cole . cole well , you have get some real nut in here ! listen to I , all of you -- I have to tell you something that 's go to be difficult for you to understand , but ... dr . railly James ... please . this be all doctor here and we want to help you . dr . fletcher Mr. Cole -- last night you tell Dr. railly you think it be ... ( check a file ) 1995 . ... how about right now ? do you know what year it be right now ? cole 1989 . look , I be not confuse . there 's be a mistake , I have be send to the wrong place . suddenly , cole reach out and billing lunge forward , but cole be just grab a pad and pencil . cole hey , I be not go to hurt anybody . fletcher restrain billing with a hand signal . cole ( draw ) do any of you know anything about the Army of the twelve monkey ? they paint this , stencil it , on building , all over the place . cole wave a sketch of the dance monkey logo we see earlier . dr . casey Mr. Cole ... cole right . I guess you would not , this be 1989 , they be probably not active yet . that make sense ! okay . listen to I , three billion people die in 1995 . Three billion , get that ? almost the whole population . of the world ! only about one percent survive . doctor exchange know look . this be a old story , apparently . resident # 2 be you go to save we , Mr. Cole ? cole save you ? how can I save you ? it already happen ! I can not save you . I be simply try to get some information for people in the present so that someday ... ( see they eye ) you do not believe I . you think I be crazy . but I be not crazy . I be a convict , sure , I have a quick temper , but I be as sane as anyone in this room . I ... cole stop , see dr . fletcher tapping he pencil . cole be see that tapping before -- in the future ! it disorient he . dr . railly can you tell we the name of the prison you have come from ? cole do not answer . he 's stare at the tapping pencil . dr . fletcher do this bother you , Mr. Cole ? cole ( recover , new tack ) no ! look , I do not belong here ! what I need to do be make a telephone call to straighten everything out . dr . fletcher who would you call , Mr. Cole , who would straighten everything out ? cole scientist . I be suppose to report in to they . they will want to know they send I to the wrong time . dr . fletcher so you could talk to this scientist and they do what ? send you to the future ? cole no , no . I can not talk to they . it 's call , " voice mail " . I be suppose to leave message . they monitor it from the present . resident # 2 " from the present . " we be not in the present now , Mr. Cole ? cole no , no . this be the past . this have already happen . listen ... resident # 3 Mr. Cole , you belong in 1995 -- that 's the present , be that it ? cole no , 1995 be the past , too . look ... dr . fletcher this scientist , Mr. Cole ? be they doctor like ourselves ? two of the resident exchange quick know look . cole no ! I mean yes , but ... look , I have be give a lot of drug but I be still perfectly lucid . you have to let I use the phone . one call ! cole look desperately toward railly , plead eye meeting hers . int . low rent apartment - day four little kide scream and squabble while the phone chirp insistently in the tiny , cluttere apartment and a harry mother lunge for the phone , answer sharply ... mother yes ? ( listen , frown , then ) whaaaaat ? " Voice mail " ! I do not know what you be talkin ' about . ... be this a joke ? I do not know any scientist . James who ? never hear of you ! the mother slam down the phone . int . railly's office / county hospital - day a dismay cole still have the receiver in he hand . sympathetically , railly take it from he . railly it be not who you expect ? cole be clearly agitate , start to pace , upset . nut ? cole it be some lady . she do not know anything . railly perhaps it be a wrong number ... cole no . that 's the reason they choose I -- I remember thing . railly frown , study the distract man with intense interest . it 's clear cole be become a special patient and railly be cool , detach demeanor be give way ever so slightly . railly James , where do you grow up ? be it around here ? around Baltimore ? cole ( lose in think ) what ? railly I have the ... strangest feel I have meet you before ... a long time ago , perhaps . be you ever ...? cole wait ! this be only 1989 ! I be suppose to be leave message in 1995 . it 's not the right number yet . that 's the problem . damn ! how can I contact they ? railly recover she distance , she poise , as she take a bottle , pour out some tablet , and hold they out to cole . railly James , take this . ( watch he step back ) please -- I help you like I say I would . now I want you to trust I . int . airport concourse - day ( the dream ) mr. ponytail race past the startle young cole . mr. ponytail watch it ! be it jeffrey wear gaudy pants and a ponytail ? it be definitely jeffrey' voice . traveler dive for cover as a woman' voice cry out ... woman' voice noooooooooo ! the terrified traveler look up at young cole , make eye contact , but do not speak . the terrified traveler look a lot like dr . fletcher ! just then , young cole be distract by a run figure . it 's the blonde man in the Hawaiian shirt , but he 's not injure . he 's sprinting toward the gate , glance back over he shoulder , he moustache slightly askew ! a sharp crack of a gunshot ring out ! then , dazzling light . everything go white ! int . dormitory ( psych ward ) / county hospital - night cole's eye blink awake , blind by a flashlight . he 's lie in one of thirty bed in a darken ward . disorient . which world be this ? the room be full of breathing , snoring , occasional moan . he can barely discern the shadowy figure of a orderly and a nurse , make they round , check each bed . his eye adjust to the darkness , cole watch they exit . he turn and see a patch of moonlight come in a bar window . with a quick glance at the sleep patient , he slip out of bed , make he way stealthily to the window , peer out . cole's Pov : the moon , glow in the sky , illuminate a single tree . under the tree , in silhouette , a couple embrace , kiss . angle on cole , look out the window , absorb . voice ( o.s . ) it will not work . you can not open it . alarm , cole turn , see jeffrey in the next bed . jeffrey you think you can remove the grill but you can not . it 's weld . cole check the grill anyway . jeffrey see ? I toldja . and all the door be lock , too . they be protect the people on the outside from we . but the people outside be as crazy as we . cole have become preoccupy with a small spider creep along the window sill . he 's stare at it when he 's distract by a sudden SOUND . grabbing the spider , cole scramble back into bed just as the door open and a orderly probe the dark room with the blade of he flashlight . angle on cole , in bed , feign sleep . the flashlight click off and cole hear the door close . for a long moment the ward be silent except for breathing , snore , occasional moan . then , cole hear jeffrey be hoarse whisper , pick up right where he leave off . jeffrey you know what " crazy " be ? " crazy " be " majority rule " . take germ for example . although cole be preoccupy with the spider struggle to get out of he fist , he can not help reacting to the word , " germ " ! cole germ ?! jeffrey in the 18th century there be no such thing ! nobody would ever imagine such a thing -- no sane person anyway . along come this doctor ... semmelweiss , I think . he try to convince people ... other doctor mostly ... that there be this teeny tiny invisible " bad thing " call germ that get into you body and make you ... sick ! he 's try to get doctor to wash they hand . what be this guy ... crazy ? teeny tiny invisible whaddayou call them ?... " germ " ! as jeffrey warm to he subject , get excited , cole try to figure out where to put the spider . jeffrey ( cont . ) so cut to the 20th century ! last week in fact , right before I get drag into this hellhole . I order a burger in this fast food joint . the waiter drop it on the floor . he pick it up , wipe it off , hand it to I ... like it be all okay . no alternative . cole pop the spider in he mouth and swallow it as jeffrey prattles on ... jeffrey " what about the germ ? " I say . he go , " I do not believe in germ . germ be just a plot they make up so they can sell you disinfectant and soap ! " now , he 's crazy , right ? hey , you believe in germ , do not you ? cole I be not crazy . jeffrey of course not , I never think you be . you want to escape , right ? that 's very sane . I can help you . you want I to , do not you ? get you out ? cole if you know how to escape , why do not you ...? jeffrey why do not I escape , that 's what you be go to ask I , right ? ' Cause I would be crazy to escape ! I be all take care of , see ? I have send out word . cole what 's that mean ? jeffrey I have manage to contact certain underling , evil spirit , secretary of secretary , and assort minion , who will contact my father . when he learn I be in this kind of place , he will have they transfer I to one of that classy joint where they treat you ... properly . like a guest ! like a person ! sheet ! towel ! like a big HOTEL with great drug for the nut case lunatic maniac devil ... patient be waking up as the nurse and two orderlies burst into the dorm and head straight for jeffrey who 's struggle to calm himself . jeffrey sorry . really sorry . get a little agitate . the think of escape cross my mind and suddenly ... suddenly I feel like bending the fucking bar back , ripping off the goddamn window frame and ... eating they , yes , eating they , and leaping , leaping ... cole watch the orderlies grab jeffrey and haul he away . jeffrey you dumb asshole ! I be a mental patient ! I be suppose to act out . wait till you moron find out who I be . my father 's gonna be really upset . and when my father get upset , the ground shake ! my father be GOD ! I worship my father . int . ward dayroom - morning angle on tv screen/a video image of a lab monkey , convulse pathetically , a victim of shock from the numerous wire attach to he tiny , restrain body . angle on cole , sit , write intensely in a magazine with crayon , surround by dull - eye patient in pajamas and ratty robe , stare at the shudder lab monkey on the tv screen . jeffrey' voice ( o.s. ) torture ! experiment ! we be all monkey cole lock up , startle , as jeffrey , one eye bruise black , take the seat next to he . cole they hurt you ! jeffrey not as bad as what they be do to kitty . angle on tv , show a laboratory cat turn in mad circle , eat its own tail , while a news reporter narrate . tv news reporter ( v.o. ) this video tape be obtain by animal rights activist who work underground as laboratory assistant for several month . authority say there be little they can do until ... the video footage now show lab worker watch the result of they experiment passively . angle on cole , reacting angrily . cole look at that asshole , they be ask for it ! maybe people deserve to be wipe out ! jeffrey ( startle , turn ) wiping cut the human race ! that 's a great idea ! but it 's more of a long term thing -- right now we have to focus on more immediate goal . ( sudden whisper ) I do not say a word about " you know what " . cole what be you talk about ??? jeffrey you know -- you plan . as cole stare , befuddle , jeffrey see cole be magazine . jeffrey what be you write ? you a reporter ? cole ( shield the magazine ) it 's private . jeffrey a lawsuit ? you go to sue they ? just then billing loom over cole , extend a cup full of pill . billing yo , James -- time to take you med . int . day room / hospital - thirty minute later ( morning ) angle on the tv , a commercial play : a beautiful couple romp in the surf in slow motion while a eager narrator encourage ... narrator ( v.o. ) take a chance . live the moment . Sunshine . gorgeous beach . the Florida key ! angle on cole , very drugge , seat in front of the tv along with other drugge patient , stare at the screen . angle on the tv , show a picture of the marx Brothers . tv awnouncer ( v.o. ) we will return to the marx Brothers in " monkey Business " follow this message . jeffrey' voice ( o.s. ) monkey Business ! monk Key Business . cole see jeffrey slide into the next chair and smirk . jeffrey get it ? monk - key. monk ! ( big grin ) Key ! jeffrey flash he palm open for one quick moment . a key ! cole ( groggy ) what ....??? jeffrey wooooo , they really dose you , bro . Major load ! listen up -- try and get it together . focus ! focus ! the plan ! remember ? I do my part . cole what ...??? jeffrey not , " what " , babe ! when ! " when ??? " jeffrey ( press the key into Cole 's hand ) now ! voice / tv ( o.s. ) let we guide you to the stock and bond that will enhance you portfolio . jeffrey ( leaping to he foot ) yes -- now ! buy now ! stock and bond ! no more monkey business -- buy now . angle on tv , almost mimick jeffrey with a ad ... a bull and a bear and a computer screen show stock price fluctuate . voice / tv ( v.o. ) a portfolio tailore to you specific need and the need of you love one ... angle on cole , dumbfounded , watch jeffrey dance crazily . jeffrey yes , yes . enhance you portfolio now ! angle on billing , across the ward , reacting to jeffrey , let go of the old man he 's help as another orderly , terry , press a beeper , call for help . angle on cole , flabbergasted , as jeffrey cavort around the room . jeffrey buy ! sell ! seize the opportunity ! angle on a hand , insert the last piece into the peaceable kingdom jigsaw puzzle . just then , jeffrey' hand sweep the puzzle off the table , scatter it into a thousand piece . angle on jeffrey , dance away while the patient who just complete the puzzle stare , very upset . other patient be get agitate , too , as jeffrey avoid a lunge by billing and dance off , use patient as a shield . heavy woman patient i'm getting dizzy . make he stop ! skinny man patient here they come ! they 're coming ! old man patient five hundre dollar ! I got five hundre dollar ! i'm insure ! jeffrey opportunity ! definitely ! a window of opportunity ! open now ! now's the time for all good men to seize the moment ! yes ! yes ! mastercard ! visa ! the key to happiness ! angle on cole , realize through the haze of drug that jeffrey be send a message to he . cole look at the ward door . cole's Pov : the ward door open and two husky orderlies enter . one lock the door with a key , one of many on a key ring attach to he belt , as the other orderly rush to join the pursuit . jeffrey seize the moment ! get rich ! now's the time ! go for it ! billing ( miss a tackle ) God damn you , Jeffrey , quit play the fool . angle on cole , hesitate . he lock at the door ... blur in and out of focus . he look down at the key in he hand . angle on jeffrey , be grab by the orderlies . jeffrey resist wildly as they struggle to overpower he . jeffrey last chance ! last chance ! hey -- ow ! angle on cole , move to the door . he reach it and try to insert the key in the lock . angle on lock , as the key keep miss the hole . angle on cole , glance nervously over he shoulder . cole's Pov : orderlies swarm over jeffrey , do not notice cole . angle on cole , manage to insert the key . it will not turn . a patient , close at hand , startles cole , speak into he ear . patient place to go would be ... Florida . the key be lovely this tine of year . cole , unnerve , desperate try the key again . it turn . patient be careful . J. Edgar Hoover be not really dead . cole pause , stare , not understanding . then , he open the door . int . corridor / county hospital stepping through the door , cole find himself in a ante-room face several elevator . a uniform security man sit at a near - by desk do not even lock up from the magazine he 's read . barely dare to breathe , cole step toward the elevator so he back be to the security man . but he do not know how to control this elevator . what should he do ? security man' voice ( o.s . ) two 's not work today . use one . cole freeze , sneak a glance over he shoulder . cole's Pov : the security man continue he read . he 's a big guy with read glass perch on he nose . he look exactly like the menacing guard in the future ... scarface ! angle on cole , stunne ! just then , a elevator door slide open . the elevator 's empty . cole step into it . int . elevator / county hospital the door close , isolate cole in the elevator . cole find the down button , be about to push it when the elevator spring to life . the number on the indicator over the door start to rise . 7...8...9 . then , the elevator stop and the door open . two doctor and a aide stand in front of the door , wait . cole hesitates . they look at he . they seem to expect he to exit . avoid eye contact , cole exit the elevator . as they enter the elevator , the doctor look back at cole and frown . int . railly's office - morning railly have just arrive for work . she 's slip on she white doctor 's coat when ... dr . casey , one of the other resident , stick he head in the door wave a crayon message on a page tear from a magazine . dr . casey this be in my box , but I have a slight suspicion it be not mean for I . casey enter the room , read the scrawle word dramatically . dr . casey " you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . you live in a beautiful world . but you do not know it . you have freedom , sunshine , air you can breathe . " railly ( smile ) cole. James Cole -- right ? she reach for the note but casey move it out of she grasp . dr . casey " I would do anything to stay here , but I must leave . please , help I . " railly poor man ... casey be hand she the note when another resident , dr . goodins , stick he head in the door . he 's upset . dr . goodins hey , Kathryn , James Cole be one of yours , right ? railly and casey stare at he . dr . goodins he get out . take off . last see , he be up on nine . int . x-ray department / basement - day a patient be be swallow by a large tube , a cat scanner , while a doctor in a white coat speak reassuringly . doctor just relax -- do not fight it . we have to know exactly what 's there so we can ... the doctor stop , astonished , as the door burst open . it 's cole ! he stare at the patient and the cat scanner . the patient lift he head up and stare at cole . doctor eh , excuse I . can I help you ? cole turn and rush back out the door . int . corridor / county hospital cole step into the corridor , turn to he right , freeze . a posse of security guard be head in he direction . cole turn to he leave . four orderlies be come that way . cole be trap . a beat . he attack the nearest man . billing . int . tech room / psych ward - shortly ( day ) railly prepare a hypo , turn to cole who be strapped tightly on a gurney with billing and a rn stand on either side , tense for more trouble . one of billing ' eye be start to swell shut . railly it 's just a shot to calm you . cole no more drug . please ... railly I have to do this , James . you be very confuse . railly push the needle into cole be skin . int . conference room / psych ward - later ( day ) dr . fletcher face railly across the conference table . dr . casey , dr . goodins , dr . marilou martin be also there . dr . fletcher do not be defensive , Kathryn , this be not a inquisition . railly I do not think I be be defensive . I be just ... dr . fletcher he should have be in restraint . it be bad judgment on you part , plain and simple . why not just cop to it ? railly okay , it be bad judgment . but I have the strangest feel about he -- I have see he somewhere and ... dr . fletcher ( impatient , not interested ) two policeman be already in the hospital and now we have a orderly with a break arm and a Security Officer with a fracture skull . railly I say it be bad judgment ! what else do you want I to say ? dr . fletcher you see what I mean ? you be be defensive . ( to Dr. casey ) be not she be defensive , Bob ? but just then , billing stick he head in the door . billing uh , Dr. fletcher -- we get another ... situation . int . corridor / psych ward - moment later ( day ) dr . fletcher look into a empty padded cell as railly , martin , goodin , billing , palmer and the nurse crowd behind he . dr . fletcher he be in full restraint ? and the door be lock ? billing yes , sir . do it myself . dr . fletcher and he be fully sedate ? railly he be fully sedate ! dr . fletcher then be you try to tell I that a fully sedate , fully restrain patient somehow slip out that vent , replace the grill behind he and that he 's wriggle through the ventilation system right now ? dr . fletcher indicate a impossibly tiny vent high in the wall . int . concourse / airport - day ( the dream ) see through the glass window , a 747 take off , climb into the sky as the airport p.a. system drone ... p.a. system Flight 784 to San Francisco now board at Gate 38 ... young cole , watch the 747 , whirl at the SOUND of a commotion . mr. ponytail bump he . the blonde man sprint past . the woman' voice call out ! woman' voice noooooooooo ! traveler dive for cover briefly revealing the mysterious brunette run after the blonde man ! but this time , young cole catch just a glimpse of she face . she look a little like railly except for the dark hair , the make - up. and the flashy earring . she call out , she voice blend weirdly with the p.a. system ... brunette /p. A. system the freedom for animal headquarters now board on second Avenue . the Army of the twelve monkey ... engineer' voice ( o.s. ) Cole , you moron -- wake up ! int . engineering office - eternal night of the future as cole blink awake , the digitize monotone of the p.a. system continue to drine in a unearthly voice ... unearthly voice / p.a. system -- they be the one who be go to do it ... cole's eye seek the source of the sound and find it on the table in front of the panel of disapprove scientist face he . it 's a beat - up old tape recorder . unearthly voice / tape recorder I can not do anything more . the Police be after I . the tape end , run off the reel , flap ...flap...flap ... astrophysicist well ? cole uh , what ? engineer he 's drugge out of he mind ! he 's completely zone out . astrophysicist Cole , do you or do you not record that message ? cole uh , that message ...me ? microbiologist it 's a digital reconstruction of a message , Cole , from a weak signal on we contact number . do you make that call ? cole ( angrily ) I could not call ! you send I to the wrong year ! it be 1989 . scientist 1989 ! the scientist react , exchange look , whisper . then , zoologist you be certain of that ? geologist ( before Cole can answer ) what do you do with you time , Cole ? do you waste it on drug ? woman ? cole they force I to take drug . botanist forced you ! why would someone force you to take drug ? cole I get into trouble . I get arrest . but I still get you a specimen -- a spider -- but I do not have anyplace to put it , so I eat it . it be the wrong year anyway , so I guess it do not matter . the scientist stare incredulously , then turn , exchange know look , huddle , start whisper to one another . struggle to stay awake cole see , blurrily , the microbiologist stare at cole intently . for one moment , the face belong to dr . fletcher ! cole blink hard ... and the microbiologist have he own face , again . cole's head slump forward now ... and everything go dark . geologist's voice ( o.s. ) Cole ! int . engineering office - eternal night of the future cole come awake with a start . the room be dark now , except ... a slide be be project on a tear screen . it 's a picture of a stencile graffiti ... the logo of the Army of the 12 monkey . engineer what about it , Cole ? zoologist do you see it ? cole uh , no , sir . I ... another slide click into place . youthful protester , they placard feature slogan and image of Animal atrocity , confront police in riot gear . astrophysicist what about this people ? do you see any of this people ? Zoom in , pan , the scientist emphasize the face of the protester . the face be unfamiliar to cole ( though we will recognize some of they later on ) . cole ( o.s . ) uh , no , sir , I ...wait ! the image pan back to a much enlarge blurry face among the protester . in spite of the poor image , the expression of rage be clear , and it seem to resemble a somewhat older jeffrey mason . astrophysicist him ? you see that man ? cole uh , I think so . in the mental hospital . micro3iologist ( switch on the light ) you be in a mental institution ?! the scientist mutter disapprovingly among themselves . astrophysicist you be send to make very important observation ! botanist you could have make a real contribution . geologist helped to reclaim the planet ... zoologist as well as reduce you sentence . microbiologist the question be , Cole -- " do you want another chance ? " cole stare at they , try to figure out what they mean . int . concourse / airport - day ( the dream ) the brunette run up the concourse , she back to young cole , as frighten passengers duck for cover , shout ! raspy voice ( o.s . ) hey ! who 's that ? int . cell - eternal night cole open he eye . where be he ? silence as he examine the tiny cell . bare cement wall . High ceiling . same color and size as the isolation room at the county hospital . raspy voice ( o.s. ) hey , Bob ... what 's you name ? cole look around frantically . up , down . where be the voice come from ? maybe from that tiny vent high in the wall ... cole where be you ? raspy voice ( o.s . ) you can talk ! wah 'dja do , Bobby boy ? volunteer ? cole my name 's not " Bob " . raspy voice ( o.s . ) not a prob , Bob . where would they send you ? cole where be you ? raspy voice ( o.s . ) another cell . ... maybe . cole what do you mean , " maybe " ? what 's that suppose to mean ? raspy voice ( o.s. ) maybe . means " maybe " I be in the next cell , another " volunteer " like you -- or " maybe " I be in the Central Office spying on you for all that science bozo . or , hey , " maybe " I be not even here . " maybe " I be just in you head . no way to confirm anything . ha ha . where would they send you ? cole do not answer . raspy voice ( o.s . ) not talk , huh , Bob ? that 's okay I can handle that . cole 1989 . raspy voice ( o.s. ) 89 ! how be it ? good drug ? lotsa pussy ? hey , Bob , you do the job ? D 'ju find out the " big info " ?... Army of the twelve monkey ... where the virus be prior to mutation ? cole it be suppose to be 1995 . raspy voice ( o.s. ) Science be not a exact science with this clown . you be lucky you do not end up in ancient Egypt ! int . lab - eternal night of the future cole be strapped on a gurney . scientist hover near - by , whisper . the wall of the gloomy chamber be damp , sweat . geologist no mistake this time , Cole . astrophysicist stay alert . keep you eye open . zoologist good think about that spider , Cole . try and do something like that again . microbiologist just relax now -- do not fight it . we have to know exactly what 's there so we can fix it . the gurney be be wheeled into a crudely weld steel tube ... reminiscent of the cat scanner in County Hospital . cole's Pov : a last glimpse of anxious face , then the chamber door be clange shut . everything be black . a hum build . the blackness vibrate , the hum reach a deafening level , then dimuendos . we begin to hear burst of machine gun FIRE , voice shout in french , a sudden huge explosion ! then ... ext . trench / FRANCE - day drizzling rain . and scream . cole be in a deep trench , naked , eye wide with terror . what 's go on ? where be he ? soldier in gas mask push urgently past he rush toward they injure comrade who have be rip apart by the shell that just hit fifteen yard away . muffled voice shout through gas mask ... in french . cole do not know it , but this be World War I ! suddenly , a sergeant confront he , shouting in french . sergeant ( french , subtitle ) where 's you mask ?! and you clothes ... and you weapon , you idiot ?! cole what ? what ?? cole look around desperately . a horribly wounded man be be stretcher past they in the narrow trench . Machine gun chatter close at hand . aak aak aak . a grenade explode . reacting to the foreign word , the sergeant jam he bayonet into cole's rib ... sergeant ( french , subtitle ) Captain ! a kraut ! we get a kraut ! cole I do not understand . where be I ? the captain hurry over , snap at cole in german . captain ( german , subtitle ) how would you get here , soldier ? what 's you rank ? where be you clothes ? cole I ... do not understand . captain ( frown , german , subtitle ) german ! speak german ! what be you do here ? voice ( o.s. ) ( plead in English ) I gotta find them . I gotta find them . please , you gotta help I ! cole turn , see ... it 's he friend , jose , the Puerto rican kid from the next cell in the " underground " time . he 's be carry past cole now on a stretcher , blood all over he torso , horribly wounded . cole jose ! jose Cole ! oh , God , Cole , where be we ? jose reach out to cole just as a photographer take a flash picture of the kid be carry off on the stretcher . suddenly , shot ring out . cole go down . hit in the leg ! soldier in gas mask rush past he like giant insect . look to he leave , cole see the captain lie beside he , dead from a chest wound , he gas mask half off . cole be reach for the mask when ... a shell hit close by with a enormous explosion . ext . college campus - night stunningly quiet . we be on a placid campus look at the dignify architecture of breitrose Hall . moving in we focus on a large poster advertising " the Alexander Lectures , spring 1995 " . we skim the listing ( jon else on the nuclear agony , Dr. Andrew miksztal on biological ethic , etc. ) until we settle on ... dr . kathryn railly madness and apocalyptic vision may 17 int . auditorium / breitrose hall - night a large screen dominate the auditorium stage . on the screen be a slide of a engrave from the Middle Ages show a madman in apparent agony , he mouth shape to a scream , as he be restrain by peasant . the projector zoom slowly in on the agonize face of this madman as we hear railly's voice lecture . railly's voice ( o.s. ) accord to the account of local official at that time , this gentleman , judge to be about forty year of age , appear suddenly in the village of wyle near stonehenge in the West of England in April of 1162 . use unfamiliar word and speak in a strange accent , the man make dire prognostication about a pestilence which he predict would wipe out humanity in approximately 8 oo year . derange and hysterical , the man rape a young woman of the village , be take into custody , but then mysteriously escape and be not hear of again . we discover railly , six year older now , stand at a lectern in a pool of light . she 's dwarf by the giant screen where the engrave be replace by a series of slide of woodcut show scene of pestilence in the Middle Ages as she lecture to a audience of mostly scholarly type . railly ( cont . ) in 1841 , mackay write , " during season of great pestilence , man have often believe the prophecy of craze fanatics , that the end of the world be come . " obviously , this plague / doomsday scenario be considerably more compelling when reality support it in some form , whether it 's the bubonic Plague , smallpox , or aids . in addition to this " natural " contagion , there be now technological horror as well : besides radiation , consider we lurking fear of germ warfare and its close approximation , chemical warfare , which first rear its ugly head in the deadly mustard gas attack during the first World War . on the screen , a series of slide show image of world war I soldier in gas mask , in death throes , etc .. railly's voice ( cont. o.s . ) during such a attack in the french trenches in October , 1917 , we have a account of this soldier ... on the screen , a slide of a old deteriorate photograph show jose , the Puerto rican kid , strapped to a stretcher , be carry by soldier through the trenches during a attack . jose appear to be ranting madly as the projector zoom closer on he face until the image approximate munch 's famous painting . railly's voice ( cant. o.s . ) -- who , during a assault , be wounded by shrapnel and hospitalize behind the line where doctor discover he have lose all comprehension of french but speak English fluently , albeit in a regional dialect they do not recognize . the man , although physically unaffected by the gas , be hysterical . he claim he have come from the future , that he be look for a pure germ that would ultimately wipe mankind off the face of the earth in the year ... 1995 ! the audience give a nervous chuckle . on the screen , a different old photograph of jose . this time he 's in a military hospital , gaunt , haunt , very ill . railly's voice ( cont. o.s . ) although seriously injure , the young soldier disappear from the hospital before more data could be gather . no doubt , he be try to carry on he mission to warn other , substitute for the agony of war ... a self - inflicted agony we call the " cassandra complex " . as railly continue , we scan the audience and discover marilou martin , railly be friend , and marilou's husband , wayne chang , both listen attentively . further away , another man listen intently . a man with shoulder - length carrot-color hair . his name be dr . peter . railly ( cont . ) cassandra , in Greek legend you will recall , be condemn to know the future but to be disbelieve when she foretold it . hence , the agony of foreknowledge combine with impotence to do anything about it . int . reception room - a hour later ( night ) a stack of new book . the doomsday syndrome , apocalyptic vision of the mentally Ill by Dr. Kathryn railly surrounded by enthusiastic member of the audience , railly be seat at the table signing book but dr . peter have she ear . dr . peter I think , Dr. railly , you have give you alarmist a bad name . surely there be very real and very convincing data that the planet cannot survive the excess of the human race : proliferation of atomic device , uncontrolled breeding habit , the rape of the environment , the pollution of land , sea , and air . in this context , be not it obvious that " Chicken Little " represent the sane vision and that homo sapien ' motto , " let 's go shopping ! " be the cry of the true lunatic ? dr . peter smile self - importantly at railly as a elderly dishevel professor elbow in front of he . dishevele professor Doctor railly -- please ! I wonder if you be aware of my own study which indicate that certain cycle of the moon actually impact on the incidence of apocalyptic prediction as observe in urban emergency room and ... as the professor babbles , marilou martin and she husband , wayne chang , appear and whisper ... marilou you be great . railly you be leave ? marilou the reservation 's at nine thirty -- it 's get late . dishevele professor Doctor railly -- please -- this be very important ! wayne chang ( check the professor ) you sure you be gonna be all right ? railly ( smile , check she watch ) I will be there in twenty minute . dishevele professor Dr. railly , I simply cannot understand you exclusion of the moon in relation to apocalyptic dementia ... ext . parking lot / breitrose hall - night a full moon . colleague in a volvo pull out of the parking lot , call , " congratulation " to railly . she wave back as she hurry to she black acura , one of the last car leave in the lot . the outside light of breitrose Hall go off . railly seem to be alone in the lot as she fish key from she purse , unlock she car door , start to open it when ... suddenly , she 's grab from behind in a choke-hold by a large shadowy man loom out of the darkness behind she . man' voice get in ! unable to scream , she writhes and kick as he force she into the front seat . man' voice I have get a gun . railly freeze , terrify , as he open the rear door and scramble in behind she . int . acura / parking lot Fighting to suppress the quaver in she voice , railly say ... railly you can have my purse . I have a lot of cash and credit ... man' voice ( o.s. ) start the car . glancing in the rear view mirror , railly see penetrate eye peer out of the shadow , no other feature . half -turn in the seat , she hold out the key to he . railly here ! you can have the key . you can ... he grab she hair and yank she head back hard , speak fiercely into she ear , he face last in shadow . man start the car ! now ! ext . acura / parking lot the engine start , the acura back up , then head for the exit . int . acura steering fearfully , railly hear he speak more calmly now . man' voice ( o.s. ) I do not want to hurt you . but I will . I have hurt people before when ... when I have no choice . turn leave . as she make the turn , railly glance in the rear view mirror , see he unfold a tatter map . his face be lose in darkness but she glimpsis rag , tear clothing as he try to read the map by the intermittent glow of pass street light . railly where ... where be we go ' man I need you to drive I to Philadelphia . railly ( startle , horrify ) but that 's ... that 's more than 200 mile ! man that 's why I can not walk there . turn here ... I think ... railly obey . she glance in the mirror again , hesitates , then boldly switch on the dome light , hold she breath fearfully for he reaction . he grunt appreciatively . relieved , she look in the mirror again , try to get a better look at he , but now he feature be conceal by the map . railly if you make I go with you , it 's kidnap . that 's a serious crime . if you let I go , you could just take the car and ... man I do not know how to drive ! we go underground when I be nine , I tell you that . when you come to the corner , turn right . startle , railly whirl , look right at he . he 's lower the map . it 's cole ! haggard , unshaven , dirty . railly Cole ! James Cole ! you escape from a lock room six year ago . cole 1989 . six year for you . there 's the sign ! right here ! cole be indicate a freeway entrance . railly turn the wheel sharply . ext . freeway - night the acura veer up the ramp and onto the freeway . int . acura / freeway - night railly glance in the mirror , see cole settling back wearily against the seat . she say carefully ... railly I can not believe this be a coincidence , Mr. Cole . have you be ... follow I ? cole you tell I you would help I . I know this be not what you mean , but ... I be desperate ... no money ... bum leg ... sleep on the street . I probably smell bad . sorry about that . but then I see you book in a store window with a notice about you lecture . ( sudden pride ) I can read , remember ? railly yes , I remember . ( a beat , then ) why do you want to go to Philadelphia ? cole it 's the next step . I check out the Baltimore information , it be nothing . it 's Philadelphia , that 's where they be , the one who kill everyone . ( point suddenly , eagerly ) Zs that a radio ? do it play music ? railly turn on the radio and immediately we hear the SOUND of surf and the cry of gull , background to a ooze baritone commercial . commercial / radio ( o.s . ) this be a personal message to you . cole sit up , alert , listen intently . commercial / radio ( cont. o.s . ) be you at the end of you rope ? be you die to get away ? cole's eye narrow , concentrate on this personal message . commercail / radio ( cont. o.s . } the Florida key be wait for you . cole frown as the SOUND of break surf and cry gull fill the car . it 's confusing ! he blurt out ... cole I have never see the ocean ! observe he confusion in the mirror , railly assume she professional tone . railly it 's a advertisement , Mr. Cole . you do understand that , do not you ? it 's not really a special message to you . cole frown . he do think it be for he , but she 's probably right . cole you use to call I " James " . railly you would prefer that ? ... James ... you do not really have a gun , do you . cole ( cynical laugh ) everybody 's get a gun . in this city ... he break off reacting to the radio music ! fat domino sing " blueberry hill " ! cole grin , mouth agape , eye wide like a kid 's . cole can you ... can you make it louder ? I love hearing twentieth century music ! hear music and breathe air ! as railly crank up the volume , she watch the mirror incredulously , see he stick he head out the window into the wind , mouth open , " eat " the air hungrily . ext . freeway / acura - night " blueberry hill " blare as the acura , cole be head out the rear window , zip past a sign at 65 mph . the sign say , " philadelphia 233 mile . " int . acura / freeway - night railly glance in the mirror at the nut in the rear seat with he head out the window . what can she do ? just then , while she 's try to figure something out , a announcer's voice break in ... announcer / radio ( o.s . ) this just in from fresno , California : emergency crew be converge on a cornfield where playmate of nine year old ricky neuman say they see he disappear right before they eye . cole pull he head back inside with a frown , troubled now . announcer / radio ( cont. o.s . ) Young neuman apparently step into a abandon well shaft and be lodge somewhere in the narrow 150 foot pipe , possibly alive , possibly seriously injure . playmate claim they hear he cry out faintly but since then there have be no contact with ... cole " never cry wolf ! " railly what ? cole my father tell I that . " never cry wolf . " then people will not believe you if ... something really happen . railly " if something really happen " ... like what , James ? cole something bad . be that all the music ? I do not want to hear this stuff ... railly glance at he as she scan station . railly do something terrible happen to you when you be a child ? something so bad ...? cole ohhhh , that one ! can we hear that one ? it 's ivory joe hunter sing , " since I met you , baby " . ivory joe / radio ( o.s . ) " since I meet you , baby , my whole life have change ... ecstatic , cole stick he head out the window again . ext . acura / freeway cole's Pov : the heaven , glitter with a million star and a lover 's moon as ivory joe croon the achingly romantic lyric ... ivory joe / radio ( cont. o.s . ) " -- cause since I meet you , baby . all I need be you ... " angle on cole , wind in he hair , eye shine , gulp air blissfully . int . railly's apartment - morning two police officer and a anxious marilou martin listen to a answer machine 's message while a hungry cat cry plaintively . answering machine Dr. railly -- this be palmer from psych admit . there be a guy here this afternoon look for you . he seem very agitate . we try to keep he , but he refuse and I keep think , I know this guy . then , just a few minute ago , it come to I . it 's Cole ! James cole. remember he ? the paranoid who pull the houdini back in ' 89 . well , he 's back and he 's...cuckoo ... and he 's look for you . I think you oughta know . the machine switch off . the police officer exchange a look . marilou martin it 's just as I tell you -- my husband and I have go ahead -- she never show . that 's totally unlike she ! officer two ( pull out he notebook ) do you happen to know the make of she car ? marilou martin um ... acura ...'92 acura . ... also , that cat 's starve ! she would never neglect she cat ! ext . motel - morning the acura be park outside room 46 of the highway &amp ; byways motel , which have definitely see better day . int . motel room 46 the tv be on . a commercial be just start . a catfood jingle . the sound of heavy breathing . angle on cole , sweat , breathing heavily , sprawle on one side of the double bed , sound asleep . int . concourse / airport - day ( the dream ) gunshot ! young cole glimpsis the blonde man staggering , wounded . the mysterious brunette race past he toward the blonde man , and young cole again glimpsis the resemblance to railly , in spite of the dark hair , the make - up , the flashy earring . Close at hand , young cole's father , he face still out of view , say , father' voice ( o.s. ) Son , it 's important for you cat to have the nourishment necessary for healthy bone and a rich coat . int . motel room 46 cole come awake with a start . he stare , disorient , at the catfood commercial on the tv . railly's voice ( o.s. ) please untie I . I be very uncomfortable . cole turn to railly , beside he on the bed , frighten and helpless , she jacket arrange to restrain she like a strait- jacket . cole be instinct be to free she at once , but he control he impulse . he look away , get up , and , wince , limp to the dresser , step around empty fast - food carton . he pull a razor and shave soap from a paper bag , then go into the bathroom , leave the door open , and start to shave . cole you be in my dream just now . you hair be different , but I be sure it be you . railly we dream about what 's important in we life . and I seem to have become pretty important in yours . what be the dream about ? cole about a airport ... before everything happen . it 's the same dream I always have -- the only one . I be a little kid in it . railly and I be in it ? what do I do ? cole you be very upset . you be always very upset in the dream , but I never know it be you before . railly it be not I before , James . it 's become I now because of ... what 's happen . please untie I . finish shave , cole re-enter the bedroom , toweling he face . cole no , I think it be always you . it 's very strange . railly you be flushed . and you be moan . I think you be run a fever . what be you do ? cole be rummage through railly's wallet , pull out money . cole I will be back in a minute . he head for the door . railly no ! do not leave I here like this ! too late ! he shut the door behind he , leave she alone . angle on the tv screen , where a anchorman sit at a News set . tv anchorman and in fresno , California ... crew continue to attempt to rescue nine year old ricky neuman . angle on railly , twist and struggle on the bed , try to get loose , tear welling in she eye . tv anchorman ( cont. o.s . ) the boy be play ball with four other child when he literally disappear off the face of the earth . ext . motel corridor - morning cole puzzle over a junk food vend machine , insert coin tentatively . int . motel room angle on tv , the picture of railly fill the screen . ----------------------- page 52 missing ----------------------- cole my note . observation . clue . railly clue ? what kind of clue ? cole a secret army . the Army of the twelve monkey . I have tell you about they . they spread the virus . that 's why we have to get to Philadelphia . I have to find they -- it 's my assignment . railly what will you do ... when you find this ... secret army ? cole I just have to locate the virus in its original form before it mutate . so scientist can come back and study it and find a cure . so that that of we who survive can go back to the surface of the earth . railly maintain a professional deadpan , say nothing as they pass a pickup truck with a mother , father , and five kide in the back . cole stare at the kide , a sad look in he eye . cole you will not think I be crazy next month . people be go to start die . at first the papers will say it 's some weird fever , some virus . then they will begin to catch on . they will get it . radio newscaster ( o.s . ) we interrupt this program with a special bulletin ... railly and cole both react to the radio , suddenly alert . radio newscaster ( o.s . ) this report just in from fresno , California . Naval sonar specialist who be fly to the site ... cole I think it be about we . I think maybe they would find we and arrest I or something . railly stare at cole . cole just a joke . radio newscaster ( o.s. ) -- a hour ago have be unable to determine the location of the boy in the 150 foot shaft ... but a tv sound man who lower a ultra-sensitive microphone into the narrow tube claim he hear breathe sound come from approximately seventy foot down ... cole reach over and change station . music again . railly do that disturb you , James ? think about that little boy in the well ? cole when I be a kid I identify with that kid , down there alone in that pipe ... a hundred foot down -- do not know if they be go to save he . railly what do you mean -- when you be a kid ? cole nevermind . it 's not real -- it 's a hoax . a prank . he 's hide in a barn . hey , turn leave here . Left ! cole quickly check the map as railly stare , then turn leave . ext . skid row STREET / philadelphia - day a elderly evangelist with long stringy hair , wear a tatter bathrobe , stand on a skid row corner waving a wear Bible as he rant at disinterested derelict , wino , and bag lady . evangelist " and the wild beast of the island shall cry in they desolate house and dragon in they pleasant palace : and she time be near to come , and she day shall not be prolong . " angle on railly's acura , crawl down the street , railly drive , cole , beside she , stare out the window . int . acura / skid row STREET cole be scrutinize the crumble wall , board - up store front , tatter poster , decaye sign , miserable " resident " . cole where I come from we think of this as eden . if we could just see the sun , eat sun-grown food . eden ! look at they ! they do nut know what they have . they do not see the sky . they do not feel the air ! cole's Pov : a BMW speed toward they , pass , its radio blaring ! cole ( o.s . ) and the one who be not hungry be so smug they have not a clue . wait ! stop ! ext . acura / skid row on foot now , cole pull a astonished railly to a wall cover with graffiti , a hopeless tangle of symbol , word , and crude picture . clueless , railly stare at the wall , then at cole . cole touch a bit of red-stencile graffiti hide under gang insignia . we can just see twelve monkey hold hand in a circle . cole the twelve monkey !!! they be here . ( look around ) somewhere . come on ! he pull she along the sidewalk . no question , he 's insane . at the next alley entrance , cole stop abruptly . then , still keep a firm grip on railly be arm , he start rip down newly tack - up poster announce a Rap concert . railly stare at he , then turn and be look all around when , suddenly , cole pull she up tight and threaten ... cole look , I be warning you . you do anything , I be go to go crazy -- hurt people ! railly I be not go to " do " anything , I promise . but you need help , James . none of this be what you think it be . angle on cole , not listen , stare triumphantly ! he 's find another partially obscure stencil of the twelve monkey ! but just then , a raspy voice startles cole . raspy voice ( o.s ) you can not hide from they , Bob . cole whirl , see a derelict , louie , leer at he , speak in a voice eerily like the raspy voice from the next cell in the future . louie no , sir , Old Bob -- do not even try . ( conspiratorially ) they hear everything . they get that tracking device on you . they can find you anywhere . anytime . ha ha ! railly look from louis to cole , see cole be stunne reaction . louie ( touch he back jaw ) in the tooth , Bob ! right ? ( sudden triumphant grin ) but I fool them , old buddy ! he open he mouth wide . no teeth ' cole grab railly and pull she into the alley and down it . cole they be keep a eye on I . railly who 's keep a eye on you ? cole the man ... with the voice . I recognize he . he 's from the present . he ... cole break off , freeze as he see ... there on a brick wall be a stencil of the dancing monkey and further on , another red stencil ! ext . vacant lot - moment later ( day ) crackhead huddle against a building , suck they pipe , oblivious to cole pull railly past . cole scan the wall for message in the confusion of graffiti . railly be consider she surroundings dubiously when , suddenly , cole pull she toward the mouth of a dark and forbid alley . railly James , no -- we should not be here ! cole ignore she , yanking she after he into the alley . int . dark alley - day two tom cat face off , arching they back and hissing menacingly . cole avoid they as he pull railly into the gloom . angle on railly , see something alarming twenty yard ahead ! railly's Pov : two thug , stand over a man , kick he . railly try to stop , but cole , intent on the wall message , do not notice the thug . the two thug turn and spot cole and railly move toward they . this creep have mean eye , predator face . railly dig she heel in , force cole to stop . railly James ! we have to go back . that man ... too late . while cole turn and stare at she , uncomprehend , the two thug be approach . first thug hey , buddy . startle , cole turn to face they . the second thug lunge for railly be purse , yank it from she . cole reach to grab it back , but ... whack ! the first thug smack cole hard across the face with something metallic . bloody -face , daze , cole do not even have a chance to clear he head as the first thug shove the hard object against cole be cheek . it 's a cheap thirty - eight pistol . railly turn to run , get two step before the second thug knock she roughly to the ground . second thug stick around , bitch . loom over she , the second thug start to unzip he fly . railly look over to cole , sees ... cole drop to he knee , grovel at the first thug be foot . cole please ! please do not hurt I ! the first thug step close , kick cole contemptuously , cock he foot for a second kick when ... cole uncoil , lung , rise , he strong arm around the bigger man 's calve , lift he mightily , high off the ground . the gun fire wildly as cole stagger forward with the first thug in he arm and smashes the man into the brick wail behind he . the first thug go down in a heap , drop the pistol . Zipping he fly hastily , the second thug turn to deal with cole but cole attack he .... rock he again and again with savage blow that come one after another with lightning speed . the second thug stagger back , bloody and daze as railly watch , amaze . turn back to the first thug , cole see the man reach for the drop pistol . cole kick he viciously in the jaw . the first thug be head whip back . SNAP ! he collapse against the brick wall . cole turn back to see the second thug retreate down the alley as fast as he can stagger . railly stare up at cole . he look very dangerous . he glance in she direction as he pocket the pistol . cole be you hurt ? railly uh , no . yes . I mean , just some scrape ... as railly get to she foot , she see cole bend over the motionless thug and quickly go through he pocket . railly be he ... alive ? cole ignore the question as he pocket the man 's wallet and a handful of bullet , then turn and snap at railly . cole come a . we be run out of time . you can not help he . as cole yank she roughly away , she look back , see the first thug be sightless eye , wide open ... stare blankly . railly oh , Jesus , James ! you kill he ! cole I do he a favor . now come on . cole , pull she again , see more " 12 monkey " on the wall . railly you do not have a gun before , do you ? cole I have get one now . ext . second ave - day the evangelist , spot cole and railly hurry past he , point urgently at cole . evangelist you ! you ! you be one of we , be not you ? but cole have stop and be stare at ... a storefront office ... its window cover with poster . the sign over the office say , freedom for animal association . int . faa store - moment later ( day ) earnest young activist , fale , deathly pale , BEN , long haire , and teddy , muscular , be gather around a counter collate leaflet that demand a end to specieism . behind they , a large poster proclaim , " animal have soul , too " . just then , there 's a tremendous clap of thunder as the activist look up and see cole and railly enter . cole look startle . it sound like torrential rain pouring in here . maintain a tight grip on railly's wrist , he look around frantically for a explanation for the tropical downpour . bookshelve line two wall . the front window be blank cut with poster of Animal rights demonstration , newspaper clipping , photo of animal atrocity . the fourth wall feature the counter where the three activist face cole as a jungle bird scream in the downpour . fale uh , can we help you ? cole look confuse as the rain abate and a elephant trumpet a urgent warning . fale Excuse I . you look for something in particular ? railly it 's all right , James -- it 's just a tape . cole be eye follow she look . it 's a tape recorder underneath a sign advertising , " the true music of the world " . cole I , uh , I be look for the , ah , the Army of the twelve monkey . fale glance at BEN and teddy . " we have a problem ! " the look say . monkey start chatter on the tape as teddy come around the counter , bigger than cole , physically impose , menace . teddy we do not know anything about any " Army of the twelve monkey " , so why do not you and you friend disappear , okay ? cole back away , a firm grip on railly , as a lion roar . cole I just need some information ... teddy do not you hear I ? we be not ... teddy break off mid-sentence ... freeze . cole be point a pistol at they . a TIGER snarl . railly James , no -- do not hurt they . ( to the activist ) please , I be a psychiatrist -- just do whatever he tell you to do . he 's ... upset -- disturb . please -- he 's dangerous -- just cooperate . monkey chatter wildly as teddy back up . fale what do you want -- money ? we only have a few buck . cole be suddenly very much in charge and self - confident again . a baboon howl with laughter . cole I tell you what I want . ( snap at railly ) lock the door ! railly James , why do not we ...? cole lock it now ! railly hurry to the door to lock it as BEN say to fale , BEN I tell you that fuckhead mason would get we into something like this . fale shut up ! cole mason ??? railly Jeffrey mason ? BEN yeah , tucking , crazy Jeffrey mason . int . faa store basement - twenty minute later ( day ) the three activist be tie tightly together in the middle of the floor in this dimly - light , windowless basement . they be very frighten , eager to cooperate . fale then , Jeffrey become like this ... big star -- the media latch on to he because he 's picketing he own father , a " famous Nobel Prize win virologist " . you musta see all that on tv . cole no , I do not watch tv . cole , the gun next to he , rummages through box of papers while railly watch helplessly . suddenly , cole find something he think he 's see before . he hold it up . cole be this he -- Dr. mason ? it 's a photograph of dr . malcolm mason , be escort by a phalanx of riot cop through a mob of raging activist . fale that 's he . BEN ( very frighten ) what be you go to do with we ? cole ( stare at the photo , then ) tell I more about Jeffrey . fale ( a helpless shrug to he cohort ) Jeffrey start get bored with the shit we do ... picketing , leafleting , letter-write stuff . he say we be , " ineffectual liberal jerkoff " . he want to do guerrilla " action " to " educate " the public . cole hold up a clipping show horrify senator stand on they desk as rattlesnake slither along the Senate floor . fale yeah , that 's when he let a hundred snake loose in the Senate . teddy but we be not into that kind of stuff . it 's counter productive , we tell he . fale so he and eleven other split off and become this underground ... " army " cole the Army of the twelve monkey . BEN they start plan a " human hunt " . teddy they buy stun gun and net and bear trap . they be gonna go to Wall Street and trap lawyer and banker ... BEN but they do not do it . they do not do any of it . teddy yeah , just like always , Mr. Big shot sell he friend out ! cole what 's that mean ? fale he go on tv , give a news conference , tell the whole world he just realize he daddy 's experiment be vital for humanity and that the use of animal be absolutely necessary and that he , Jeffrey mason , from now on , be go to personally supervise the lab to make sure all the little animal be not go to suffer . cole ( hold up a rolodex ) what 's this ? ext . freeway - afternoon in the crawl traffic , we find a batter ford cover with bumper sticker and paint slogan . " I brake for animal " ... " free the animal " ... " would you let a mink wear you skin ? " railly ( v.o. ) you can not just barge in on a famous scientist . they will have security guard , gate , alarm system . it 's insane , James . int . moving ford / freeway a rolodex card with a address on " outerbridge Road " for " Jeffrey mason c / of Dr. malcolm mason " rest on a map spread across cole be lap . cole be in the passenger seat , railly be at the wheel , maneuver in heavy traffic . railly if that young man do not get loose , they could die in that basement . cole glance out the window , indicate the people in pass car ... commuter , family , trucker . cole all I see be dead people . everywhere . what 's three more ? railly ( a beat , carefully , a new tack ) you know Dr. mason 's son , Jeffrey mason , do not you , James ? you meet he in the County Hospital six year ago . cole be study the map again . cole the guy be a total fruitcake . railly and he tell you then he father be a famous virologist . cole be absorb in the map , he finger trace " outerbridge Road " . cole no -- he say he father be " God " ! ext . / int . ford / country highway - later ( day ) the radio blare a country song as the Ford zip along a open highway . cole have he head out the window , suck air , loving the music , but he bliss be feverish now -- he 's not well . as the song end , he pull he head inside . a announcer's voice intone over the radio ... radio announcer ( o.s . ) this just in : police be widen they search for Dr. Kathryn railly , prominent psychiatrist and author . authority confirm that Dr. railly have be abduct by escape mental patient , James Cole . the two be believe to be travel in railly 's 1992 black acura , license plate h-e-a-d-d -r . railly glance at he , see he 's in pain . she feel so badly for he . she want to help he . she say , tenderly ... railly this can not go on , James . you be not well . you be burn with fever . cole , refuse to succumb , instead , lean over to check the gas gauge . cole we need gas . railly I think you do not know how to drive . cole I say I be too young to drive . I do not say I be stupid . railly what 's the matter with you leg ? cole I get shot . look -- there 's a gas station up ahead . railly shot ! who shot you ? cole it be some kind of ... war . never mind , you would not believe I . turn off here . int . parked ford / gas station - minute later ( afternoon ) the gas station attendant check the oil while cole and railly remain in the car . she 's pull a gas card from she wallet . cole you be go to run out off gas on purpose , be not you ? railly no . I want you to turn yourself in , James -- it will go much better for you if you do -- but I be not go to trick you . cole ( see the credit card ) that have you name on it . give he cash . railly put the card back into she wallet and pull out cash as the gas station attendant slam the hood down . railly start open the door . alarm , cole try to stop she . cole where be you go ? she look he in the eye , then indicate the tiny convenience store append to the Gas Station . railly you can come with I . I have to get some thing . scissor , bandage , some alcohol or whiskey . ... I have to look at you leg , James . I be a doctor . cole look helpless , hesitant . she 's in charge ... for the moment . ext . clearing / wood - a hour later ( afternoon ) the sun dazzle through the canopy of leave . we hear the car radio but not the engine . radio announcer ( v.o. ) meanwhile in fresno , where mining engineer continue they desperate attempt to sink a shaft parallel to the ant in which nine year old ... cole , in he underwear , lean back on a large rock beside the Ford , he pants hang on the car 's open door . he 's stare up at the sun and the sky . railly finish bandage he thigh . railly you should not put you weight on it . you need stitches and antibiotic . lucky for you it be near the surface . railly wrap the bullet in some gauze and stick it in she pocket while cole continue stare up at the sky . cole I love see the sun . a beat . cole try to stand up . railly wait -- let I help you . railly put a arm around he and help he to he foot . a beat . they be very close . they do not move . railly look like she can barely breathe . cole ( lean closer , shut he eye ) you smell so good . railly ( try to concentrate ) you have to give yourself up , you know . a beat . the spell be break . he reach for he pants , then turn back to she , suddenly grim . cole I have to do something now . something I do not want to do . I be so sorry . railly react , sudden fear in she eye . he loom over she . he 's cold now , steel . cole I have a mission . it 's important . railly step back ... horrify , realize she 's go to die . ext . mason mansion - night a secret service agent amble vigilantly among the row of luxury car park beside the brightly - light rural mansion . encounter another agent , he pause . first agent they find he ? second agent who ?? first agent that kid . the one in the pipe . second agent you believe this ? they be drop a monkey down there with a miniature infra-re camera strapped on he and a roast beef sandwich wrap in tinfoil . first agent you be make that up ! angle under a parked mercede , where cole be hide , listen to the recede voice of the agent . second agent ( o.s. ) I shit you not . ... man , life be weird ! a monkey and a sandwich . wonder who think that one up . first agent ( o.s. ) probly give the sonafabitch a Nobel Prize ! quickly , cole roll to the next car and under it . he do not see ... the pistol fall out of he pocket , under the mercede . int . mason mansion / dine room - night a formal dinner for forty . Desert have be serve . dr . malcolm mason rise to the enthusiastic applause of the guest . dr . mason would that I could enjoy this opulent dinner and this excellent and stimulate company for itself , with no sense of purpose . but ala , I be " burden " with the sense that with all this excess of public attention and this cacophony of praise , there come great responsibility . indeed , I practically feel a soapbox grow under my foot whenever I stand for more than a few second . while guest laugh at dr . mason be last remark , secret service agent # 3 enter the room , scowling , look for someone . dr . mason ( o.s . ) the danger of science be a time wear threat , from prometheus steal fire from the god to the cold War era of the Dr. strangelove terror . agent # 3 spot who he 's look for . jeffrey mason ! dr . mason ( cont . ) but never before , not even at Los alamos when the scientist make bet on whether they first atomic bomb test would wipe out New Mexico , have science give we so much reason to fear the power we have at hand . angle on jeffrey , as agent # 3 whisper in he ear . jeffrey what be you talk about ? what friend ? I be not expect anyone . angle on dr . mason , reacting with irritation to the disturbance . dr . mason current genetic engineering as well as my own work with viruse have present we with power as terrifying as any ... angle on jeffrey , follow the agent out of the dining room , grumble loudly enough to disturb he father 's audience . jeffrey this be ridiculous . my father be make a major address . int . hallway / mason mansion the conversation continue as jeffrey and agent # 3 enter the hall . agent # 3 normally if we catch a guy sneaking around like this with no i.d. , we would bust he ass , excuse the french , but this one say he know you ... ( smirk , smirk ) -- and , since you seem to have have some ...uh...unusual ...uh... " associate " , we certainly do not want to arrest one of you , uh , close ... pal . int . library / mason mansion cole , smudge with dirt and car grease , sit in the shadow in a wingback chair , look up as jeffrey and agent # 3 enter the room . a FOURTH agent loom beside the wingback chair . jeffrey ( dismiss Cole casually ) never see he before in my life . go ahead and shoot he or torture he or whatever it be you do . cole ( rise ) you do know I . you help I once . jeffrey ( turn to leave ) that would be totally out of character . helping people be against my principle . ( to the Agents ) see , he definitely do not know I . now , I be go to go back and listen to my father 's very eloquent discourse on the peril of science while you torture this intruder to death . cole I be here about some monkey . halfway out the door , jeffrey freeze . a beat . jeffrey Excuse I -- what do you say ? cole monkey . twelve of they . jeffrey frown , turn , consider cole . then , suddenly , jeffrey rush to cole and embrace he . jeffrey Arnold ... Arnold . cole be astonished . the agent be , too . jeffrey ( step back ) my God , arnie , what 's happen to you ? you look like shit agent # 3 ( dubious ) you know this man ? jeffrey of course I know he . what do you think -- I act like this to stranger ? listen -- you fella be terrific . I think you be pull a number on I . what a terrible thing if you would throw old arnie out . I owe you guy the big apologia ! mea culpa , fella . ( turn to Cole ) Christ , arnie , it 's black tie ! I mean , I say , " drop by , " but , like , this be dad 's big " do " ... vip , senator , secret service , and ... and everything . jeffrey throw a arm around cole's shoulder and start lead he toward the door as the two agent exchange narrow - eye look . agent # 4 " arnie ? " jeffrey Arnold pettibone . Old arnie pettibone . use to be my best friend . still be . what have you lose , arnie -- forty pound ? no wonder I do not know you . you hungry ? lot of dead cow , dead lamb , dead pig . Real killer feast we be put on tonight . the agent watch jeffrey lead the limping , dishevel cole out . agent # 4 this people -- all of them -- be true weirdo ! agent # 3 ( move to the phone ) I be gonna call in a description of this " pettibone " character . you go keep a eye on he . make sure he do not do one of the guest with a fork . int . hallway / mason mansion guest pour from the dining room into the hall meet jeffrey and a very disconcert cole . jeffrey hey , nice to see ya. lookin ' good ! hi , there . yes , it have be a long time . in the b.g. , too far away to hear they , agent # 4 trail jeffrey and cole as they maneuver through the guest toward the grand staircase . jeffrey ( whisper to Cole ) County Hospital , right ? 1989 . the " immaculate escape " -- be I right ? ( smile to guest ) why , thank you -- you look wonderful , too . cole listen to I -- I can not do anything about what you be go to do . I can not change anything . I can not stop you . I just want some information ... jeffrey we need to talk . come on . upstair . ( to a guest ) I be a new person ! I be completely adjust . Witness the tux . it 's armani. ( whisper to Cole ) who chatter ? goine ? weller ? cole I just need to have access to the pure virus , that 's all ! for the future ! jeffrey study cole . cole do not just talk crazy . he look crazy ! jeffrey come on , follow I . you do not lock so good . jeffrey start guide cole up the grand staircase as cole , glance back , spot agent # 3 and agent # 4 , both keep a eye on he now . cole I do not have time to go upstairs . the police be look for I . I need to know where it be and exactly what it be . jeffrey ( brighten suddenly ) I get it ! this be you old plan , right ? cole plan ? what be you talk about ? jeffrey remember ? we be in the dayroom , watch tv , and you be all upset about the ... desecration of the planet . and you say to I , " would not it be great if there be a germ or a virus that could wipe out mankind and leave the plant and animal just as they be ? " you do remember that , do not you ? cole bulishit ! you be fuck with my head ! jeffrey and that 's when I tell you my father be this famous virologist and you say , " hey , he could make a germ and we could steal it ! " cole ( grab Jeffrey ) listen , you dumb fuck ! the thing mutate we live underground ! the world belong to the fuck dog and cat . we be like mole or worm . all we want to do be study the original ... agent # 4's voice okay -- take it easy . we know who you be , Mr. Cole . cole feel a firm grip on he shoulder , turn and see agert # 4 agent # 4 let 's go somewhere and talk this thing over . okay ? just come with I ... jeffrey you be right ! absolutely right . I 's a nut case , totally derange . delusional ! paranoid . he processor's all fucked up , he information tray be jammed . agent # 4 be wishing jeffrey would chill out even as the third agent be climb up the staircase to help . cole be like a trap animal . he 's be lead down the staircase now with jeffrey , right on he heel , yell so everyone can hear . jeffrey you know what it be , the " army of the twelve monkey " ? it be a collection of nature kook who run a store downtown . space - case do - gooder saving rain forest . I have nothing to do with that bozos anymore . I quit be the rich kid fall guy for a bunch of ineffectual bananas . so much for you grand plot ! cole stare back at jeffrey as both agent hustle cole down the stair . it sound true ! jeffrey be so confident . agent # 3 take it easy , Mr. mason , we have get he . everything 's ... jeffrey my father have be warning people about the dangers of experimentation with viruse and DNA for year . you 've " processed " that information through you addle paranoid infra -structure and lo and behold , i'm frankenstein and the " army of the twelve monkey " become some sort of sinister revolutionary cabal . this man be totally batshit ! you know where he thinks he come from ??? suddenly , cole , catch the agent by surprise , wrench free , shove they aside , and stumble down the rest of the staircase . int . foyer / mason mansion cole head for the front door , but there 's a agent there ! cole turn and limp madly toward the dining room , push he way through the crowd of amaze guest . int . dine room / mason mansion servant , clear the table , look up astonished as two agent burst into the room . agent # 4 do a man just come through here ... limping ? int . kitchen / mason mansion cook stare , amaze , as two other agent burst into the kitchen and look about urgently . int . den / mason mansion a large projection tv be on and a knot of guest be gather in front of it ... watch the spooky video image . tv reporter ( v.o. ) this picture we be see be come to we live from deep inside the pipe . you can just make out the metal wall behind that root and I guess that must be spider web . mrs . mccann , a guest , watch the tv , express concern ... mrs . mccann well , if you ask I , I think that monkey be go to eat the sandwich himself . just then , two agent burst into the de . the guest turn from the tv , startle , stare open -mouthed , but the agent have spot a open window and be hurry to it . agent Pov out the window : the row of expensive park car . on the tv screen , railly's photograph appear . tv anchor ( v.o. ) this just in : Police say that the body of a woman find strangle in the knutson state Park could be kidnap victim , Dr. Kathryn railly . as the agent run out of the room , a photo of railly be abandon acura come up on the tv screen . tv anchor ( v.o. ) earlier in the day , police locate railly 's abandon car not far from a building where three animal rights activist be find bound and gag ... ext . mason mansion - minute later ( night ) pistol draw , agent move cautiously among the row of park luxury car , check inside and under the vehicle . a agent voice ( o.s. ) come on out , mr cole -- we're not go to hurt you . int . parked GREEN jaguar cole , scrunch down on the floor next to the driver 's seat , spot the key dangle from the ignition , then lift he head slightly to study the shift mechanism , try to figure it out . ext . parked car / mason mansion agent continue to move cautiously among the park car . int . parked GREEN jaguar cole ease himself into the driver 's seat , tentatively slide the shift into " drive " , then turn the key . nothing happen . panic . cole study the shift again . ext . parked car /mansion agent # 5 approach the row where the jaguar be park . int . parked GREEN jaguar cole slide the shift from D ( drive ) to N ( neutral ) . he twist the key again . the engine roar ... seven thousand rpm ! ext . lawn / mansion agent # 5 whirl at the sound . smash . the jaguar clip the mercede park in front of it and accelerate right at he ! agent # 5 dive aside just as the speed jaguar whizze past he , slam into a park cadillac , bounce off , grind between two other park vehicle with a fierce scream of tear metal . int . moving jaguar caught between two car , cole can only lean on the gas pedal . the jaguar come free with a great scccreeeeech ... cole see the driveway ahead in the moonlight . steering madly , he plow through shrub and garden head for the driveway . ext . mason mansion - night light off , veer wildly , the jaguar reach the driveway . agent be leaping into car and a helicopter be come to life , its rotor whipping around . int . speed jaguar / outerhridge ? oad - night cole turn onto the road , careen crazily from one side to the other , unable to see ahead with no headlight . cole light ! light ! he start hit switch . the wiper come on , the radio blare . radio reporter' voice / radio ( o.s . ) --- when they pull the monkey out , it be still clutching the tinfoil wrap sandwich . rounding a bend , a oncoming car head straight at cole . cole yank the wheel as the other car , horn blaring , just miss he . recovering , cole lose the road , speed crazily along the shoulder . int . flying helicopter - night the pilot , a agent , steer the chopper while the co- pilot pan a spotlight over the two lane road beneath they . just then , the pilot see headlight below . pilot there ! he 's show light . int . speed jaguar - night cole can see the road now in he headlight as the windshield wiper scrape frantically and the radio blare ... radio reporter' voice / radio ( o.s . ) we do not know what to think . they do not locate he and they do not know how much longer he can last , that 's assume the boy be still alive . a spotlight hit the car and cole hear the sound of the helicopter as it lower over he ! ext . outerbridge road the helicopter maneuver over the speed jaguar . int . speed jaguar cole can see the underbelly of the helicopter a few foot above he front windshield . desperate , he yank the wheel hard , veer off the road . cole's Pov through the windshield : dense wood ahead . ext . helicopter / wood the chopper pull up sharply , avoid the tree , then level out . int . helicopter the pilot skim the top of the tree while the co- pilot rake the forest below with he spotlight . pilot goddamnit ! where be he ? the co- pilot get a brief glimpse of headlight through the leave . CO - pilot there ! over there . pilot where ? CO - pilot eight o'clock ! he be right there . the headlight be go . nothing but darkness below . pilot he musta turn he light of if . CO - pilot could not drive down there without light . we just can not see them . pilot maybe he 's not drive ! ext . wood - later ( night ) a weather forecast blare from the radio of the steaming jaguar , crumpled into a tree , the driver 's door open . a police officer , pistol draw , approach the car cautiously , as other officer and agent stay behind tree , weapon ready . the police officer lunge forward , point he weapon into the jaguar . he inspect the car , then turn and call out ... police officer he 's not in here . ext . wood / clearing - night limp , bleed from various cut , cole crash through underbrush as he follow a stream through the wood . suddenly , he see what he 's look for . the ford ... barely visible in the moonlight , park in the tree beside the stream . the car look empty . int . trunk / ford total blackness ! the sound of key in the lock . then , the trunk swing open and cole stand in the moonlight , look down railly be in the trunk , tear of rage and frustration in she eye . railly you bastard ! you total bastard ! ext . ford cole back away , as railly scramble out of the trunk , swinging . he slip , fall , and she start kick he as she rant hysterically . railly I could have die in there . if something have happen to you I would have die . cole be lie on the ground , look up , he lip cake with blood . cole I ...i ... I be really sorry . notice he cut and tear clothes , she stop kick he . railly what have you do ? do you ... kill someone ? cole ( get to he foot ) no! I ... do not think so . I steal a car and they chase I . I hit a tree . railly see -- you can drive after all ! cole yeah , sort of , I guess . I ... I be sorry I lock you up . I think ... I think ... I think maybe I be crazy ! she look at he . breakthrough ? very calm now , the doctor . railly what make you think that ? cole Jeffrey mason say it be my idea about the virus . and suddenly , I be not sure . we talk when I be in the institution , and it be all ... fuzzy . the drug and stuff . ( horrify ) you think maybe I be the one who wipe out the human race ? it be my idea ? railly nobody be go to wipe out the human race . not you or Jeffrey or anybody else . you have create something in you mind , James -- a substitute reality . in order to avoid something you do not want to face . cole I be ... " mentally divergent " . I would love to believe that . railly it can be deal with , but only if you want to . I can help you . cole react to the sound of voice in the wood , dog barking . cole I need help all right . they be come after I . railly first , it 's important that you surrender to they instead of they catch you run . okay ? cole ( brighten ) it would be great if I be crazy . if I be wrong about everything ... the world will be okay . I will never have to live underground . railly give I the gun . cole the gun ! ... I lose it railly you be sure ? cole ( show she ) no gun ! ( look up ) star ! Air ! I can live here . breathe ! railly start around to the front of the car . railly I be go to attract they attention , let they know where we be , okay ? railly get in the driver 's seat ... and start to honk the horn . railly ( call out ) they will tell you to put you hand on top of you head . do what they tell you . you be go to get better , James -- I know it ! angle on cole , spot something on the ground . a insect ! he reach down to grab it , but , instead , grin , grab some grass , stand , and start rub it happily all over he face . the horn blare as cole look up at the sky . angle on the night sky , the moon full , the sky rich with star . angle on cole , tear of joy run down he face . cole I love this world ! angle on railly , in the driver 's seat , hearing near - by shout from the wood . the police be almost here . she get out of the car , start around toward cole . railly remember , I be go to help you . I will stay with you . I will not let they ... she break off mid-sentence ... stare , stunne ! cole be go . disappear . int . police station office - morning railly be be " debrief " by police officer and FBI agent . railly then I say something to he about cooperate and he say he would do that , so I get in the car and start honk the horn . when I get out , he be go . lieutenant halperin you luck out . for a while we think you be a body they find down state ... mutilate . a cop enter , hand a photo to lieutenant halperin who study it . railly he would not do something like that -- he ... lieutenant ralperin ( interrupt , hand she the photo ) this the man he attack ? railly look at the photo , a 8 x 10 of the first thug , slump against the alley wall , obviously dead . railly I would like to be clear about this . that man and the other one be ... " severely " beat we . James Cole do not start it . in fact -- he save I ! lieutenant ralperin funny thing , Doctor , maybe you can explain it to I , you be a psychiatrist -- why do kidnap victim almost always try to tell we about the guy who grab them and try to make we understand how kind this bastard really be ? railly ( as if recite ) it 's a normal reaction to a life - threaten situation . ( suddenly animated ) he 's sick . he think he come from the future . he 's be live in a carefully construct fantasy world and that world be start to disintegrate . he need help ! int . airport concourse / the dream young cole stare , eye wide . he see the brunette , cradling the head of the blonde man as he sprawl on the concourse ... astrophysicist's voice ( o.s. ) wake up ! wake up ! geologist's voice ( o.s. ) I think we give he too much . microbiologist's voice ( o.s. ) wake up , prisoner ! int . scientist ' chamber - eternal night cole blink awake . all he can see be blurry face hover over he , hammer he with question . astrophysicist come on , Cole , cooperate ! geologist spit it out ... you go to the home of a famous virologist ... cole ( weakly ) you ... do not ... exist ! you be in my mind ... scientist ( in rapid succession ) what ? what 's that ? what do he say ? his brain 's fry . give he another shot ! speak up , cole . what did you do next ? int . railly's apartment - evening the tv show film of railly leave the police station . tv reporter ( v.o. ) the kidnap victim seem exhaust but apparently unharme by she 30 hour ordeal as she leave the police station in Philadelphia this morning . so far she have refuse to make a public statement . railly's friend , marilou and wayne , be watch the tv . a door open and kathryn railly , wear a robe , come out of she bedroom . she still look exhaust follow by she cat , she enter the kitchen area and turn on the kettle as wayne hastily turn down the tv . wayne sorry . railly no -- I be in a state of hyper - alertness . I can not sleep . marilou do you take the sedative ? railly I hate that thing . they mess my head up . the old mug shot of cole appear on the screen and railly remote the volume up . tv reporter ( v.o. ) along with the kidnap of the Baltimore woman , James Cole be now also want in connection with the brutal slay of rodney wiggins , a ex-convict from ... railly go to the window , push aside the drape , and see ... her Pov : across the STREET ... a cop keep watch . railly ( o.s . ) do they really expect he to come here ? railly return to the kitchen area where marilou be get the tea thing out . tv reporter on air and in fresno , California ... railly ( glance sadly toward the tv ) he 's dead , be not he -- that little boy ? wayne he 's fine . it be just a " prank " he and he friend pull . close on railly's face ... shocked . angle on the tv screen , show footage of a sheepish nine year old boy be lead out of a barn by the police . the cop look grim . tv reporter ( v.o. ) authority have so far be noncommittal about whether they will try to file charge against the family of the child involved in the hoax . railly stare at the tv , stunne . int . " hospital " room - eternal night voice ! singing ! cole blink awake , look around , confuse , then stare in disbelief .... crowd around cole's bed , the scientist be conclude a rag , out of tune , rendition of " blueberry hill . " scientist --- find my thrill on blueberry Hill ... see he 's awake , scientist break off the song and applaud . scientist well do , James ! well do ! Nice go ! congratulation ! good for you ! botanist during you " interview , " while you be ... " under the influence , " you tell we you like music ! cole , confuse , look around , see he 's in a one - bed windowless room adorn with cheap reproduction of 19th and 20th century landscape . the botanist respond to cole's obvious disbelief with a friendly smile and the other join in rapid fire , overlap . zoologist this be not the prison , James . botanist this be a hospital . astrophysicist but just until you recover you , uh , ... equilibrium . engineer you be still a little ... disorient . geologist stress ! time travel ! astrophysicist you stand up very well , consider ... geologist Superior work ! Superior ! botanist you connect the Army of the 12 monkey to a world famous virologist and he son ... microbiologist other will take over now ... zoologist we will be back on the surface in a matter of month .... geologist we will retake the planet . astrophysicist we be very close ! because of you ! engineer ( unrol a document ) this be it , James ... what you have be work for . botanist a full pardon ! microbiologist you will be out of here in no time . astrophysicist woman will want to get to know you ... cole I don't want you " women , " you brainless twit ! I want to be well ! unseen until now , two guard , tiny and scarface , suddenly break through the ring of scientist , push cole down , and tighten the loose restraint , already in place , but unnotice before . astrophysicist ( sympathetically ) of course you want to be well , James . and you will be ... soon . cole burst into hysterical laughter . cole you don't exist , you silly bozos ! you 're not real ! ha ha ha ! people don't TRAVEL in time ! you aren't here . made you up ! you can't trick I ! you 're in my mind ! i'm insane and you're my insanity ! int . psychiatrist's office - day close on kathryn railly , insist fiercely to someone , railly he not only use the word " prank " -- he say the boy be hide in a barn . railly 's talk to she former boss , dr . owen fletcher , psychiatrist sit across from she in he office , tapping he pen . dr . fletcher he kidnap you , Kathryn . you see he murder someone . you know there be a real possibility he would kill you , too . you be under tremendous emotional stress . railly for God sake , Owen , listen to I -- he know about the boy in fresno and he say three billion people be go to die ! dr . fletcher Kathryn , you know he can not possibly know that . you be a rational person . you be a train psychiatrist . you know the difference between what 's real and what 's not . railly and what we believe be what 's accept as " truth " now , be not it , Owen ? psychiatry -- it 's the latest religion . and we be the priest -- we decide what 's right and what 's wrong -- we decide who 's crazy and who be not . ... I be in trouble , Owen . I be lose my faith . int . " hospital " cell - eternal night alone in he " hospital " room , cole struggle without success to free himself from he restraint . raspy voice ( o.s . ) you sure fuck up , Bob ! startle , cole freeze , then ignore the raspy voice and continue he feverish struggle . raspy voice ( o.s . ) but I can understand you do not want you mistake point out to you . I can relate to that , old Bob . cole look around in spite of himself . nothing to see but the wall and the landscape painting . raspy voice ( o.s . ) hey , I know what you be think . you be think I do not exist except in you head . I can see that point of view . but you could still talk to I , could not you ? carry on a decent conversation ? cole ( blurt ) I see you ! in 1995 ! in the real world ! you be a bum ! you pull out you tooth . raspy voice ( o.s . ) why would I pull out my tooth , Bob ? they do not like that . that 's a no - no . and when do you say you see I ? in ...1872 ? cole fuck you ! raspy voice ( o.s . ) yelling will not get you what you want . you have to be smart to get what you want . cole oh , yeah ? what do I want ? raspy voice ( o.s . ) you do not know what you want ? sure you do , Bob . you know what you want . cole , agitate , rock back and forth . then ... cole tell I . tell I what I want . raspy voice ( o.s . ) to see the sky -- and the ocean -- to be topside -- breathe the air -- to be with she . ... be not that right ? be not that what you want ? completely shake , cole hesitates for a long moment . when he speak , it come out of he like air ... a whisper . cole more ...than ... anything . int . railly's bedroom - morning railly be in bed , asleep , have a very bad dream . suddenly , the bedside phone ring . her eye snap open . a beat to orient herself . ring . she reach for the phone . intercut lieutenant halperin' office / railly's bedroom close on halperin , at he desk , talk into the phone . lieutenant halperin Dr. railly ? Jim halperin , Philly p.d.. sorry to call so early but ... close on railly , eager , concerned . into the phone , railly you find he ? be he all right ? close on halpepin , note she reaction with raise eyebrow give a " I tell you so " look to the black plainclothes cop across he desk , then continue into the phone , lieutenant halperin au contraire , Doctor . no sign of you good friend , the kidnapper . however , the plot thicken . I have a ballistic report on my desk that say the bullet you claim you remove from Mr. Cole 's thigh be a antique ... and all indication be it be fire ... sometime prior to 1920 . angle on railly , reacting , stunne . angle on halperin , continue soberly now , lieutenant ralperin so what I be think be , maybe if I send a detective down there to talk with you , you could maybe revise or amplify on the circumstance .... hello ? hello ? Dr. railly ? halperin consider the dead phone , glance at the cop again . int . railly's bedroom / study her hand still on the receiver , railly look shocked . then , she hurry into she study and start frantically pull neatly arrange pile of papers and book from a bookcase until she find a copy of she book . she leaf through it hurriedly , locate the picture of the Puerto rican kid ( jose ) in wwi . peer closely , she try to see everything in the picture . then , she turn and reach for a research folder of old photograph and rummages through it until she find ...!!! railly no ! it 's a uncropped shot of jose be carry on the stretcher in the trenches . and there in the corner with no helmet , no gas mask , and just a bit of bare shoulder show ... it 's cole !!! int . scientist ' chamber - eternal night clean shaven , clear eye , cole sit before the frown scientist . astrophysicist the food , the sky , the certain , uh , sexual temptation -- you have not become " addict " have you , Cole ? to that " die " world ' cole no , sir ! I just want to do my part . to get we back on top ... in charge of the planet . and I have the experience , I know who the people be ... biologist he really be the most qualified ... geologist but all that ... " behavior " ... astrophysicist ( to Cole , a little hurt ) you say we be not " real , " Cole ... cole well , sir , I do not think the human mind be build to exist in two different ... whatever you call it ... " dimension . " it 's stressful , you say it yourselves , it get you confuse . you do not know what 's real and what 's not . microbiologist but you know what 's real now ? cole yes , sir . the scientist start to confer openly among themselves geologist he would have to bone up , catch up to we research , the latest clue ... zoologist he 's prove to be a quick study ... the astrophysicist fix cole with a sharp , penetrate look . astrophysicist you can not trick we , you know . it would not work . biologist and why would you want to ? it will be dangerously close to the end . cole I understand . there would be no point . astrophysicist we be go to think about it , Cole . among ourselves . we will get back to you . int . dr . mason's office - day stand in front of a wall of glass in he office , overlook a hi-tech lab below where worker in white " space suit " work methodically , dr . mason speak angrily into a phone . his male assistant , whose feature we do not see , stop write a formula on a blackboard and listen . dr . mason you have reason to believe that my son may be plan to do what ?!!! int . railly's apartment /study railly , try to stay calm , be talk to Dr. mason on the phone . railly please , I know it sound insane but ... int . dr . mason's office Dr. mason on the phone . dr . mason ( into the phone ) I be afraid this do not seem very professional to I , in fact it 's distressingly unprofessional for some - one who treat my son briefly ( if indeed you actually be who you say you be ) to take a sudden unsolicite interest in he mental health six year later , and to telephone a parent to express opinion that would be inappropriate ... ( break off , listen , then ) I do not know anything about " monkey army " , Doctor . nothing whatsoever . if my son ever be involved in ... ( listen , then , ) it would be doubly inappropriate to discuss matter of security with you , Dr. railly , but if it will put you at ease , neither my son nor any other unauthorize person have access to any potentially dangerous organism in this laboratory . thank you for you concern . dr . mason hang up angrily and glare . dr . mason's assistant ( o.s . ) Dr. " Kathryn " railly ???? dr . mason the psychiatrist who be kidnap by that man who break into my house . she seem to have be suddenly strike by the most preposterous notion about Jeffrey . dr . mason's assistant ( o.s. ) I attend a lecture once ... apocalyptic vision . we see Dr. mason 's assistant now . it 's dr . peter , the red - haire man who insisted to Dr. railly you do not have to be insane to think the world be come to a end . dr . peter ( cont . ) have she succumb to she own theoretical ... " disease " ? but dr . mason be lose in think , not listen . dr . mason give the nature of we work , we can not ever be careful enough . I think we should review we security procedure , perhaps upgrade they . int . scientist ' chamber - eternal night cole be face the botanist who 's use a pointer to indicate various fade photo and newspaper clipping tack on the wall . botanist let 's consider again we current information -- if the symptom be first detect in Philadelphia on June 28 , 1995 , that make we know that ...? cole it be release in Philadelphia , probably on June 14 , 1995 . botanist and it appear sequentially after that in ...? with a quick glance at the panel of scientist stare at he from behind the long table , cole reply like a good pupil , cole San Francisco , New Orleans , Rio de Janeiro , Rome , kinshasa , Karachi , bangkok , then Peking . botanist meaning ...??? cole that the virus be take from Philadelphia to San Francisco , then to New Orleans , Rio de Janeiro , Rome , kinshasa , Karachi , bangkok , then Peking . botanist and you only goal be ...??? cole to find out where the virus be so a qualified scientist can travel back into the past and study the original virus . botanist so that ...??? cole uh , so that a vaccine can be develop that will , uh , allow mankind to reclaim the surface of the earth . cole glance nervously at the suspicious scientist as the botanist switch on a slide projector and project ... a magazine photo of wall graffiti : " attention !!! police be watching ! be there a virus ? be this the source ? 3 billion die ? " botanist ( o.s . ) this be from a magazine print in late September , 1995 . the writer speculate that this graffiti might be related to the epidemic that by that time have already kill thirty million people world - wide and be get worse . he say , certain people , unnamed , be question , but what come of that be not know . but it be a clue you should pursue . cole stare at the picture . ext . faa storefront - day loud banging ! the storefront window , completely cover with poster , quiver violently . image of monkey cover with electrode , baby seal be viciously clubbed , dog jamme into tiny cage quiver as somebody beat on the window . it 's railly . railly be anybody in there ? hello ? be someone in there ? if you 're in there , I need to talk to you . int . faa store jeffrey , BEN , teddy , and two of jeffrey be youthful cohort , sandy and kweskin , wait motionless beside a heap of cardboard carton as fale peek out the front window through a slit between poster . fale it 's the kidnap woman -- the one who be with the guy who tie we up . BEN what 's she do ? fale she 's draw attention to we , that 's what she 's do . ... I do not know what you be up to this time , mason , but you be gonna get we in deep shit ! jeffrey whine , whine , whine . what about walkie talky ? we use to have walkie talky . ext . faa storefront from litter doorway , derelict sneak peek at railly as she , seemingly mad , shake the doorknob , then hammer on the door . railly I saw you ! I saw someone moving . I know you 're in there ! raspy voice ( o.s ) secret experiment ! railly whirl , see louie , the raspy -voice toothless derelict . louie that 's what they do -- secret weird stuff ! railly you ! I know you ! but louie be study the picture of the torture animal now . louie not just on they . do them on people , too -- down at the shelter . feed them chemical and take picture of them . railly have you see James Cole ? the man ...? louie they be watchin ' you . takin ' picture . railly follow he look . angle on a old chevy , park across the street , the plainclothes cop slouched at the wheel , pretend to read a newspaper . railly the police . I know . listen , I need to talk to James , but he have to be careful how he contact I . he must not get catch . do you understand I ? louis uh , yeah , sure . uh ... who 's James ? railly he be with I , he speak to you . several week ago . he say you be from the future ... watch he . louis give she a look that say , " I be outta here ! " but just then , railly spot two teznage punk surreptitiously " tagging " they way along the street with can of spray paint . railly stare at the punk . int . faa store fale watch jeffrey go over a check list while kweskin , sandy , and teddy organize material , and BEN peek out the small open between poster at the front window . jeffrey you get the bolt cutter ? kweskin one dozen . they be in the van . fale one dozen bolt cutter ! whadda you gonna do with one dozen bolt cutter ? jeffrey ( grin ) you really want to know ? fale no! absolutely not . do not tell I anything . BEN hey ! do you know what she 's do ? everybody freeze , look toward 3 en , who 's peek outside . then , except for jeffrey , they all crowd around BEN to get a look . Pov through slit : a glimpse of railly , spray painting the front of the store ! teddy what 's it say ? BEN I can not see it . jeffrey ( erupting ) why don't we forget my goddamn psychiatrist and deal with the task at hand . this be important . fale ( spin around ) you psychiatrist ? do you just say , " you psychiatrist " ? jeffrey ex-psychiatrist ! now , what about flashlight ? how many flashlight ...? fale that woman be ...was ... you ... psychiatrist ? and now she 's spray - painting we building ? ext . faa storefront / second avenue angle on slack plainclothes cop , across the street in the chevy , amaze , watch railly spray painting . he shake he head wearily . anglz on STREET type , inching closer , watch railly with amazement , too . they include ... a irish drunk , white haire , red -face , bloat ... a native american with torment eye and a mangle ear ... a african american with one eye ... the teenaged punk ... a white man , shabbily dress , join the knot of onlooker , reacting at the sight of railly . it 's cole ! he push toward she . cole Kathryn ! railly stop spraying , whip around at the sound of he voice . railly James ! with a quick glance toward the plainclothes cop , railly take urgent charge of the situation . railly James ! that 's a policeman . pretend you do not know I . if he see you ... cole ( turn , look ) no , I want to turn myself in . where be he ? ( place he hand on he head ) do not worry -- it 's all okay now . I be not crazy any more ! I mean , I be crazy , mentally divergent , actually , but I know it now and I want you to help I . I want to get well ... angle on railly , desperately pull cole's hand off he head as she try to block the cop' view of cole . railly James -- put you hand down and listen to I . thing have change ! angle on the plainclothes cop , check the mug shot of cole on he clipboard , then reach for he radio mike . angle on railly , reacting to the cop speak into he mike : she toss the spray paint can aside , grab cole and try to pull he along ... but cole be not move . he 's stare at the front of the faa store with disbelief ! railly James , come on ! we have to get out of here ! cole look from the wall to the can roll on the sidewalk , then back to the wall where railly have spray the huge word : attention !!! police be watching ! be there a virus ? be this the source ? three billion die ? it 's the graffiti cole see in the future , in the picture ! cole I have see that ... before . but railly be total attention be on they dilemma . railly James , trust I . we be in terrible trouble . we have to run . very confuse , cole let she drag he along the sidewalk , past onlooker . she look crazier than he do . angle on the chevy , make a sudden , urgent u-turn , almost collide with a pass car . brake squeal and a horn blare . int . faa store - day angle on BEN , peek out , reacting to the drama . BEN wow , a guy in a chevy be chase she and some other guy I can not see . fale hey , no problem , it 's probably just another kidnap feature Jeffrey 's shrink , pardon I , make that ex-shrink . ( indicate Jeffrey to the other ) this be you leader , a certifiable lunatic who tell he former psychiatrist all he plan for God know what whacko irresponsible scheme , and now who know what she 's paint out there on we wall ? jeffrey who care what psychiatrist write on wall ? ( move to fale , jab he with a finger ) you think I tell she about the Army of the 12 monkey ? impossible ! know why , you pathetically ineffectual and pusillanimous " pretend - friend - to - animal " ?! I will tell you why : because when I have anything to do with she six year ago , there be no such thing -- I have not even think of it yet ! fale ( triumphant ) then how come she know what 's go on ? jeffrey abruptly switch from rage to good humor , adopt a supercilious smile and a patronize tone . jeffrey here 's my theory on that . while I be institutionalized , my brain be study exhaustively in the guise of mental health . I be interrogate , x-ray , study thoroughly . then , everything about I be enter into a computer where they create a model of my mind . they all stare , mesmerize , at the strutting jeffrey . be he serious ? be he crazy ? do not matter -- he 's charismatic . jeffrey ( cont . ) then , use the computer model , they generate every think I could possibly have in the next , say ten year , which they then filter through a probability matrix to determine everything I be go to do in that period . so you see , she know I be go to lead the Army of the twelve monkey into the page of history before it ever even occur to I . she know everything I be ever go to do before I know it myself . how about that ? jeffrey smile smugly into fale' flabbergasted face . jeffrey now I have to get go -- do my part . you guy check all this stuff out and load up the van . make sure you have everything . I be outta here . jeffrey exit . the other stare at the door . fale he 's seriously crazy -- you know that . ext . skid row alley - day a overflow dumpster squat near the mouth of a alley . the unmark chevy crawl slowly past the alley , the plainclothes cop be eye search everywhere . trash stir in the dumpster and railly's eye peer up out of the tear cardboard box , rotting food , and styrofoam litter . her Pov : the police car pass from view . angle on railly , emerge from the refuse , hiss , railly James ! come on . a confuse cole emerge from the opposite end of the dumpster , bit of lettuce in he hair . cole I do not understand what we be do . railly ( climb out of the dumpster ) we be avoid the police until I can .... talk to you . cole ( climb out after she ) you mean , treat I ? cure I ? Kathryn , that word on the wall -- I have see they before ... i...i... dream they . but she 's not listen . she 's peek out the alley entrance . railly's Pov : across the street be a run-down skid row hotel , the globe , room weekly , DAILY . int . globe HOTEL / lobby - minute later the desk clerk , a old alkie who hate trouble but find it often , stare across the counter suspiciously at railly and cole . desk clerk twenty five buck a hour . railly a hour ?! desk clerk you want quarter hour , go someplace else . railly ( catch on , pull out she last bill ) here 's ninety eight . for the night . deal ? the desk clerk squint warily at this turn of event . then , he turn , get a key , turn back and hand it to she . desk clerk forty four . fourth floor , turn right . Elevator 's bust . railly turn , cole follow , and they walk quickly to the stair pass the stare of gloomy resident sit on tear sofa chair in front of a old tv with hideous color . angle on the desk clerk , watch railly and cole climb stair . as they disappear from view , he pick up the phone , punch a number , speak into the phone . desk clerk Tommy ? this be Charlie at the Globe . you know if wallace have a new girl ? sort of a rookie type ? blonde ? int . globe HOTEL room 44 - minute later ( day ) cole sit on the lumpy bed in the dingy room , watch railly pace back and forth like a mad woman . railly okay ... you be stand there look at the moon ... you be eat grass ... then what ? cole I think I be in ... prison again . railly just like that ? you be in prison ? cole no , not really . it 's ... it 's in my mind . like you say . railly you disappear ! one minute you be there , the next minute you be go . do you run through the wood ? cole I do not know -- I do not remember . railly the boy in the well . how do you know that be just a hoax ? cole it be ? I do not ... know . railly James , you say he be hide in the barn ... cole I think I see a tv show like that when I be a kid . where a boy ... railly it wasn 't a tv show ! it be real ! cole look at she . she 's really upset . cole well , maybe that kid see the same tv show and copy it . listen , you be right , it 's all in my head . I be mentally ill , I imagine all that stuff . I know they be not real , I can trick they , make they do what I want . I just work on they in my head and I get back here . I can get better . I can stay here . railly pull a photo from she purse , show it to cole . it 's the uncropped picture from she book , the photo of jose in wwi with a fuzzy image of cole on the edge of the frame , railly what do this mean to you ? cole ... I have a dream about ... something like that . railly you have a bullet from World War one in you leg , James ! how do it get there ? cole you say I have delusion -- that I create a world -- you say you could explain everything ... railly well , I can not . ... I mean ... I be try to . I can not believe that everything we do or say have already happen , that we can not change what 's go to happen , that I be one of the three billion people who be go to die ... soon . cole stand , move close to she . cole I want to be here . in this time . with you . I want to become ... become a whole person . I want this to be the present . I want the future to be unknown . railly ( sudden hopeful idea ! ) James ... do you remember ... six year ago ... you have a phone number ! you try to call and ... wham ! the door fly open , kick violently , the flimsy lock not hold . a menace figure stand in the doorway . wallace . a wiry biker - type with jail house tattoo and mean eye . cole and railly be too stunne to say anything as wallace look they over coldly , insolently , then advance on railly . wallace this be my territory , bitch ! cole ( confuse , turn to railly ) be this real -- or be this one of my delusion ? railly this be definitely real : ( to wallace ) Excuse I , I think we have a little misunderstanding here ... wallace smashes railly in the face . she fly back against the wall and onto the floor as wallace spin around to cole who be step toward he , but wallace be now hold a knife wallace what be you -- some kind of tough guy ? you wanna be a hero ? you gonna try and mess with I ? come on ... a beat . cole put he hand up placatingly as he back around wallace and move to railly , whose eye be already swell . wallace now that 's a smart boy . but you , honey , you think you can go 'round I and pedal you fancy ass in this part of town , you bet you life we get what I would call a major goddamn misunderstandin ' . railly reach a hand up to cole for assistance , but , he grab she purse instead , swing it around , smashes wallace in the face with it , then grab the pimp 's arm and snap it like it be a twig ! the knife clatter to the floor as wallace yelp in pain and cole slam he to the floor , straddle he chest , retrieve the near - by knife , and press it sharply against wallace be neck . railly jame -- don 't ! cole hesitates . wallace ( eye bulg ) you ...heard ...her . do not do it , man . railly ( get up , look around ) put he in the closet , ... but get he money first . cole ( amaze ) you want I to rob he ? railly I ...i ... we need cash , James . a shadow . railly turn toward the door and glimpsis a face disappear , then hear shout from the hallway ... shout ( o.s . ) they be kill he ! call the cop . be very careful not to move he neck , wallace reach into he pocket and produce a thick roll of bill , which railly grab . wallace you two be crazy . I get friend . you put I in a closet , they be gonna be really piss . cole move off wallace and , keep the knife close , yank he to he tooth while railly hurry to the window and look out . her Pov : a fire escape lead down into a alley . railly turn just in time to see cole shove wallace into the bathroom , follow he in , slam the door behind they , and lock it . railly James , no ! int . bathroom railly's voice ( from the other room ) ( rattling the door knob ) James , what be you do ? wallace cower back against the shower stall . wallace I have friend , man -- if you cut I ... wallace break off , bug -ey , reacting to something we do not see ! wallace what ... the ...fuck.. be you do ??? int . globe motel room 44 railly be pound on the bathroom door now as , suddenly , it open and cole step out , the knife in he right hand , drip with blood . railly oh , my God , James . do you kill he ? cole shake he head " no " as blood ooze from he mouth . cole just ... just in case . in case I be not crazy ... ( hold up two bloody molar ) that 's how they find we . by we tooth . ( a beat , eye contact ) I do not want they to find I . ever . I do not want to go back . railly 's astonishment turn to emotion as it dawns on she the choice he 's make . give up the future ( if it exist , and it 's look like it do ) ! risking he life to be with she ! for this brief time ! she 's overwhelm , lip tremble , tear welling in she eye . but just then , the sound of shout and foot thundering up the stair snap she back to reality . int . stairwell / globe HOTEL cop ' boot thunder up the stairwell . int . room 44 / globe HOTEL in between nervous glance toward the door , railly supervise as cole obediently block the bathroom door with the bureau . railly push it tight ! wallace's voice ( from the bathroom ) no problem ! i'll just stay in here ! don't worry about I . int . 4 th floor hallway / globe HOTEL police officer , lead by the plainclothes cop , make a cautious entrance onto the 4th floor , gun draw . seedy HOTEL resident point to room 44 , then cower back into they doorway . ext . globe HOTEL FIRE escape / alley - day cole and railly clatter down the fire -escape , cole in the lead . they come to the end of the metal stairway . it 's a long distance to the ground . cole jump down , turn , reach up to she . she let herself down to he . they eye meet . he hold she in he arm for a moment . then , reluctantly , he put she down . they start run down the alley . int . globe HOTEL FOURTH floor - day the plainclothes cop have he pistol out , he back to the wall alongside the open doorway to room 44 . the uniformed officer be back he up , weapon draw . plainclothes cop police ! throw you weapon out and come outta there ! no response . int . globe HOTEL room 44 the plainclothes cop charge into the room in a crouch , pistol extend in both hand . he pan the gun around the empty room . he Pov : the open window ... the blood on the floor . wallace's voice ( from the bathroom ) hey ! zat the police ! i'm a innocent victim in here ! I be attacked by a coked - up whore and a crazy dentist ! ext . bus stop / downtown - late afternoon a city bus disgorge a stream of passengers at a stop in the toney downtown shopping district . among they , railly look furtively leave and right , cole on she heel . she 's hide she bruise eye behind sun glass ; he 's hold a bloody handkerchief to he mouth . as he step to the sidewalk , cole be overwhelm by the bustling city , the tall downtown building . his eye go up . cole's Pov : a building , tower toward the sky . a building with a ledge . the same ledge the lion prowled in the future !!! angle on cole , shake , as railly usher he into the recess entrance to a store . railly wait here . I be go to try that phone number . let 's hope it 's nothing ! daze by he experience and the flow of shopper , cole watch she hurry to a pay phone twenty yard away , he view of she make intermittent by pedestrian stream past he , they face loom frighteningly close . a businessman jostle cole , force he back against the display window . turn , he face the angry jaw of a bear only inch away recovering from a jolt of terror , cole realize the bear be a life-size toy in the display window . relieved , he look back at railly . cole's Pov : railly , well out of earshot , speak earnestly into the phone . angle on cole , startle , as a businessman , mistake he for a panhandler , shove a dollar into he hand . confused , cole stare at the dollar , then turn to say something to the retreate businessman , but just then he see railly rush toward he , eye sparkling with happiness , laughing , ebullient . railly James ! James ! it 's okay . we be insane ! we be crazy ! cole do not know how to respond , but a passerby give they a look . railly it 's a carpet Cleaning company ... cole a carpet Cleaning company ? railly ( laugh ) no superior ! no scientist . no people from the future . it 's just a carpet Cleaning company . they have voice mail -- you leave a message tell they when you want you carpet clean . cole you ... you leave they a message ? railly ( impishly ) I could not resist . I be so relieved . wait will they hear this nutty woman tell they ... they better watch out for the Army of the twelve monkey ... look at she laugh face , cole be strike with horror as he realize the truth ! he start to recite ... cole " the Army of the twelve monkey -- they be the one who be go to do it . I can not do anything more . the police be watch I . " now she 's stunne . she glance back and see the phone booth twenty yard away . railly you ... you could not have hear I . cole they get you message , Kathryn . they play it for I . it be a bad recording ... distort . I do not recognize you voice . railly's eye fill with horror as she grasp the meaning . angle on a uniformed cop , stare out the window of a police cruiser as it inch along in the bumper to bumper traffic . notice something , he reach for he radio . angle on railly , spot the cruiser , grab cole , pull he into the crowd . railly come on . int . department store / men' department - 6:00 pm railly , whose sun glass do not really hide she bruise eye , add a man 's Hawaiian shirt to the pile of other man 's thing heape on a counter in front of a very suspicious clerk . railly and this . ( turn ) anything else ? but cole be not here . he 's a short distance away ... stare . cole's Pov : aisle after aisle of eager shopper and a bounty of brand new consumer goods . angle on cole , remember another department store , dark and full of molder merchandise . angle on railly , turn again to the clerk . railly I guess that 's it . clerk shall I put this on you account , ma'am ? railly ( produce wallace 's roll of bill ) no -- I will pay cash . the clerk stare at the huge roll of bill ! railly what floor be the wig on , please ? ext . pest control van - night surrounded by stripped and abandon vehicle , the van , with a pest control logo on its side , be park on a trash - litter street beside the massive pillar of a tower freeway . int . parked pest control van the van be pack with six activist , sandy and kweskin among they , all wear black . some of they have climb gear , tool belt , all sort of paraphernalia . kweskin be tell he story . kweskin so then he go into this incredible riff about how he shrink , like , replicate he brain while he be in the nut house . turned it into a computer . weller and fale believe it ? kweskin oh , you know fale ! he 's like , " if you guy get nail -- and I be sure you will -- I never see you before in nay life ! " laughter from all of they . then , there 's a sharp , rhythmic series of rap on the side door , a signal . pope quickly slide the door open . it 's jeffrey ... grin . Three other activist , goine , ichioka , and bruhns , stagger out of the darkness behind jeffrey , lug a huge , squirming garbage bag . the van occupant react with murmur of " awwwwwright " and " Far out " , then they help maneuver the writhe bag into the van . then , jeffrey and the other three scramble in , too . jeffrey let 's do it ! ext . van / freeway the pest control van lumber up a ramp and onto the freeway . int . pest control van /moving the garbage bag squirm and grunt as jeffrey hold a map under a flashlight and go over " the plan " with the other activist . jeffrey okay , that 's stage one . in stage two , monkey four be over here ... a loud groan from the bag distract the other . goine what 's the harm in open the bag ? his eye be tape . sandy yeah , it 's cruel leave he like that . jeffrey ah , but cruelty be he specialty . ichioka so why should we be like he ? shrugge cheerfully , jeffrey tear open the garbage bag revealing dr . mason , truss up , duct tape cover he eye and mouth . jeffrey want the full effect ? grinning wickedly , jeffrey rip the tape from he father 's mouth . dr . mason Jeffrey ? I know it 's you , Jeffrey . I recognize you voice . jeffrey put he finger to he lip , silencing everyone . dr . mason jeffrey ??? ... very well . you be out of you mind , Jeffrey . I know all about you insane plan . that woman -- you psychiatrist -- she tell I . jeffrey raise he eyebrow . this he have not expect . dr . mason I do not believe she -- it seem too crazy even for you . but , just in case , I take step to make sure you could not do it . I take myself out of the loop ! I do not have the code any more . I do not have access to the virus . so , go ahead -- torture I , but you can not extract anything of use to yourself . the activist be all exchange puzzle look . jeffrey what ... virus ? dr . mason ( spin he head toward Jeffrey ) she know about it , Jeffrey . she know you be go to try this . jeffrey what virus be we talk about , dad ? dr . mason you be insane , Jeffrey . jeffrey you " develop " viruse and you be call I insane ? typical . what do this virus attack ? do not tell I , you sick fuck , it do not matter . ( to the other ) have I ever " develop " a virus ? do I put helpless animal in cage and measure they reaction to electrical stimulus ? do I inject radioactive substance into live creature and examine they bowel movement ? wow ! and I be crazy ! dr . mason please tell I , Jeffrey , what exactly be you go to do ? I do not have to tell you I be afraid . jeffrey this be a fucking experiment ! you 're our helpless little test animal , daddy . got that ? now -- what fucking virus have you come up with , you demented fucking maniac ? int . movie screen / theater - night spooky bernard herrman music , giant redwood loom skyward . it 's daytime in muir Woods . scotty ( jame stewart ) and madeline ( kim novak ) walk toward a display of a cross cut section of a redwood tree . we be watch hitchcock 's vertigo . scotty ( up on the screen ) here 's a cross section of one of the old tree that 's be cut down . they look at the line of the tree mark with card that say , " birth of christ " , " discovery of america " , " magna carta signed " , " 1066 - battle of hasting " , and " 1930 tree CUT down " . angle on the theater audience , empty seat dimly visible in the flicker light , a few shadowy moviegoer scattered here and there . angle on the screen , madeline point , say with profound melancholy . madeline ( up on the screen ) somewhere in here I be bear . and here -- I die . there 's only a moment for you . you do not notice . angle on the audience , a shadowy couple near the back of the theater . we can't really see they , but we recognize they voice railly here , let I help you . the theater be briefly illuminate by a very bright scene on the screen , revealing enough of cole and railly for we to see she 's do something to he upper lip while he try to watch the movie . cole I think I have see this movie before . when I be a kid . it be on tv . railly ( fussing with he upper lip ) shh -- do not talk . hold still . cole ( move he head to see the film ) I have see it , but I do not remember this part . funny , it 's like what 's happen to we , like the past . the movie never change -- it can not change -- but everytime you see it , it seem to be different because you be different -- you notice different thing . railly if we can not change anything ... because it 's already happen , then we ought to at least smell the flower . cole Flowers ! what flower ? from the darkness , a movie patron make a sssshhhhh shound . railly ( whisper ) it 's a expression . here ... she 's pull something from a shopping bag at she foot , place it on cole be head , adjust it ... cole why be we do this ? railly so we can stick we head out the window and feel the wind and listen to the music . so we can appreciate what we have while we have it . forgive I , psychiatrist do not cry . there be tear in she eye . they discomfit cole . cole but maybe I be wrong . maybe you be wrong . maybe we be both crazy . railly in a few week , it will have start or it will not . if there be still baseball game and traffic jam , armed robbery and boring tv show -- we will be so happy , we will be glad to turn ourselves in to the police . shadowy moviegoer shhhhhhh cole ( whisper ) where can we hide for a few week ? angle on the screen , where scotty and madeline be in the foreground , the ocean behind they . railly you say you would never see the ocean ... ext . gorilla's pen / zoo - night close on a gorilla , by moonlight , angry , a true nightmare vision . urgent whisper off screen , rustling sound . then , metal on metal . only now be we aware that the gorilla be in a outdoor zoo pen with phony rock . stalk back and forth . huge . upset . clank . clank . metal on metal . grunt of effort , then , dr . mason's voice , plaintive , frighten . dr . mason's voice ( o.s . ) what be you do to I ? where be we ? Jeffrey , please ... sandy'' voice ( o.s . ) for God 's sake , put the tape back on he mouth ! the gorilla bellow angrily , beat he chest . jeffrey' voice ( o.s. ) forget the tape . the monkey 's louder than he be . you gonna tape the monkey 's mouth ? ext . panther ' pen / zoo - night under the full moon , panther pace back and forth , back and forth , uttering ominous guttural snarl . ext . lion' pen / zoo the king of beast give a deep , fierce roar . from the darkness , unseen elephant trumpet they response . ext . aviaries / zoo a pandemonium of wing rustling , the sharp metallic clinking of metal on metal , the mutter of human voice , then a cacophonous crescendo of frenzied screeching as parrot , cockatoo and other exotic bird careen madly in they cage . int . movie theater auditorium close on cole , doze fitfully , as the sound of scream bird continue . suddenly , he come awake with a start ... see the movie fill he field of vision . he Pov : the movie screen . tippi hedrin , overwhelm by screeching bird in a attic in hitchcock 's the bird . angle on cole , orient himself , look around . empty seat on both side of he . he 's alone . he panic . cole Kathryn ?! int . theater lobby a lobby poster boast " classics 24 hour a Day " and " hitchcock Festival " . panning off the poster , pass a snoring usher , dead to the world in a old velvet chair , we discover a brunette in a tight dress , just hang up the lobby pay phone . turn , she reveal heavy make - up , gaudy costume jewelry , and sun glass . she 's the brunette in cole's dream ! cross the lobby toward the auditorium , it 's a pleasure to watch she nice body undulate in the tight dress . just then , the auditorium door burst open and a blonde man in a Hawaiian shirt appear , the man from cole's dream , except this man 's moustache be fix firmly on he upper lip . the blonde man stop , stunne at the sight of the brunette . brunette we be book on a 9:30 flight to Key West . the brunette be railly , no longer the frazzle professional , reveal now by she disguise as a sexy babe . the blonde man be cole ! he 's confuse . cole you be in my dream just now . I do not recognize you . railly well , you look pretty different , too . cole I mean in my dream -- I do not realize it be you . then ... I wake up and I ... I think you be go . railly ( study he seriously ) I remember you ... like this . I feel I have know you before . I feel I have always know you . they eye lock . suddenly , she back up , gently maneuver he with she , past the sleep usher , to and through a unlock , unmark door , then close it behind they . int . storage room / movie theater railly and cole be in a dimly light cluttere storage room . she kiss he hungrily amid the broom , plastic trash barrel , other janitorial item . cole respond to she passion as they move deeper into the room , its wall cover with old movie poster . tearing at each other 's clothes , they collapse on a roll theater curtain among stack of ancient theater seat . ext . suburb - dawn the red rim of the rise sun be just become visible beyond the silhouett roof of a upper middle - class suburban neighborhood . the early light be so vague that when a huge siberian TIGER pad across a neatly - trim lawn , he 's more a shadowy vision than reality . do we really see he at all ? ext . construction site - dawn the rise sun flare behind the tower silhouette of a unfinish building , desert in the early morning light . High up , a monkey he head around a girder . four storey below , other monkey be climb . ext . shopping mall - dawn desert in the first light of dawn , the store face each other across a broad promenade with blank stare window . nothing happen . for a long moment . then , a african bull elephant appear , turn the corner , lumber toward we along the promenade , raise he trunk to trumpet triumphantly to the other elephant trot into view behind he . int . taxicab / CITY street - early morning a fiftyish woman cabbie with white hair and a Southern twang be at the wheel of the cab . woman cabble what time 's you flight , friend ? in the back seat , cole , in the blonde wig and moustache , look to he companion , the sexy babe in sun glass and heavy make - up , railly . railly nine thirty woman cabbie might be tight . railly ( startle , check she watch ) tight ? my watch say 7:30 . woman cabbie on you normal mornin' , okay , plenty a time , but today , gotta take inta account you army-of - the- twelve - monkey factor . railly what ? what do you say ? woman cabbie twelve monkey , honey . guess you folk do not turn on you radio this morning . cole and railly exchange a quick look . woman cabbie bunch a weirdo let all the animal outta the zoo last night . then they lock up this big shot scientist in one of the cage . scientist 's own kid be one a the one do it ! railly and cole stare at the cabbie , stunne . woman cabble now they get animal all over the place . buncha zebras shut down the thruway ' bout a hour ago and some kinda thing call a " e - mu " it 's get traffic block for mile over on 22 . flabbergasted , railly be eye suddenly fill with hope . railly that 's what they be up to ! freeing animal ! cole on the wall -- they mean the animal when they say , " we do it . " woman cabbie you can hear it on the radio all the station ... as the woman caebie switch on the radio , RA : lly point and cole follow she look . cole's Pov : two cheetah , sleek and magnificent against the cityscape , streaking past the cab at ninety mph ! announcer / radio ( o.s . ) in the meantime , numerous animal rights activist have join the chorus condemn what they be call the " loose canon " activity of Jeffrey mason and he Army of the twelve monkey . rights activist / radio ( o.s. ) can this fool seriously believe that release a captive animal into a urban environment be be compassionate to the animal ? it 's mindlessly cruel , almost as indefensible as hold the animal in captivity in the first place . railly and cole be watch flamingos cross the sky against a backdrop of skyscraper in silhouette . railly maybe it 's go to be okay . int . ticket counter / airport terminal - morning closy on copy of the mug shot of cole and a photo of railly while the airport p.a. system drone in the b.g.. reveal a detective , give the flyer to the uniform supervisor at one end of the ticket counter . detective tell you people if they spot either one of they , not to try and apprehend then . they should notify we and ... angle on railly and cole , thirty yard away , enter the terminal . p.a. system -- Flight 531 for Chicago be now ready for board at Gate seventeen . angle on cole , reacting to the p.a. , stop , see the bustling airport lobby . cole I know this place ! ... this be my dream . railly airport all look the same . maybe it 's ... ( turn , reacting ) James ! you moustache ! it 's slip . but cole be not listen . he 's look around , mesmerize . cole it 's not just my dream . I be actually here ! I remember now . my parent bring I to meet my uncle . about a week or two before ... before ... before everybody start die . railly glance around nervously . railly's Pov : two uniformed policemen , strolling through the lobby , they eye scan the face of traveler . angle on railly , pull a small tube from she purse . railly they may be look for we , James . ( place the tube in he hand ) use this . you can fix it in the Men 's room . cole ( confound ) I be here ... as a kid . I think you be here , too . but you ... look just like you look now . railly ( get desperate ) James , if we be identify , they be go to send we someplace ... but not to Key West ! cole ( snap out of it , hand to moustache ) right ! you be right . I have to fix this . railly ( indicate a sign ) I will get the ticket and meet you ... in the gift shop . cole follow she look , nod , then head for the Men 's room as railly , in sun glass , gaudy outfit , high heel , start clip clopping toward the ticket counter , she ass attract admire glance . int . telephone / lobby - day business traveler huddle over pay phone , talk earnestly , as cole walk past on he way to the Men 's room . see a unoccupy phone , cole hesitates , consider it . come to a decision , he reach into he pocket , pull out some change . int . tzcket counter / terminal close on the flyer of cole and railly tape under the counter , hide from the customer , but in clear view of the ticket agent who have just finish serve a portly gentleman . the gentleman walk away . angle on railly , step up to the counter , smile , look nothing like the railly on the flyer . railly Judy simmon . I have reservation for Key West . int . pay phone / terminal cole be speak into the phone very low , very private , very intense . cole listen , I do not know whether you be there or not . maybe you just clean carpet . if you do , you be lucky -- you be gonna live a long , happy life . but if you other guy exist and you be pick this up -- forget about the Army of the twelve monkey -- they do not do it . it be a mistake ' someone else do it . the Army of the twelve monkey be just dumb kid play revolutionary . it be someone else ! cole look around nervously , catch a businessman at the next phone look away quickly . cole touch he loose moustache as he avert he face and speak into the phone in a urgent whisper . cole I have do my job . I do what you want . good luck . I be not come back ! cole hang up the phone , look around , catch a few stare . avert he face , he head for the Men 's room . int . ticket counter - day the ticket agent be count out a stack of bill . ticket agent do not see a lot of this ... cash . railly it 's ... a long story . ticket agent ( smile , hand over the ticket ) they will begin board in about twenty minute . have a nice flight , Mrs. simmon . turn to go , railly fumble the ticket while try to put they in she purse and they flutter to the floor . as she kneel to retrieve they , we see the long line of wait traveler from the waist down . we see a familiar Chicago bull Sports bag rest on the floor beside sneaker and gaudy baggy pants . we have see this outfit before ... in cole's dream ...on mr. ponytail ! int . men' room / airport - day the p.a. drone as ccle , head down , linger at a sink , wash and rewash he hand while another traveler finish drying he hand , give cole a quizzical look , then leave . quickly , cole glance around , check the seemingly empty Men 's room , then take the tube of adhesive from he pocket , put some goop under the loose edge of he moustache and press it firmly against he face as he lean close to the mirror . raspy voice ( o.s . ) get yourself a prob , Bob ? cole whirl , look for the source of the voice . nothing ! until he spot shoe peek from drop trousers indicate a occupy stall . it must be he ! cole leave I alone ! I make a report . I do not have to do that . raspy voice ( o.s. ) Point of fact -- you do not belong here . it 's not permit to let you stay . a toilet flush in the " occupy " stall . cole be answer be loud and defiant . cole this be the present . this be not the past . this be not the future . this be right now ! a plump businessman emerge from the " occupy " stall , give cole a wary look and a wide berth as he head for a sink . cole I be stay here ! you get that ? you can not stop I ! plump man ( high pitch voice ) anything you say , chief . it 's none of my business . cole look dismay . this guy could not be " the voice " ! and there be no foot show under the other stall . do he imagine it ? int . ticket counter - day the Chicago bull bag ! it 's on the counter in front of the ticket agent who 's review a stack of ticket in awe ... ticket agent woooo-eeee . San Francisco , New Orleans , Rio de Janeiro , Rome , kinshasa , Karachi , bangkok , Peking ! that 's some trip you be take , sir , all in one week ! mr. ponytail ( o.s. ) Business . ticket agent ( hand over the ticket ) have a good one , sir . int . terminal lobby cole emerge from the Men 's room , shake , paranoid . he glance around nervously . then , keep he head down , he start walk toward the gift shop . before he get more than a few step , someone suddenly grab he shoulder from behind . familiar voice ( o.s . ) you gotta be crazy , man ! cole whirl , find himself face a Puerto rican youth in a L.A. raider jacket , a sideways baseball cap , and mirrore sun glass cole jo ... Jose ???? jose pull out the tooth , man , that be nut ! here , take this . jose try to slip cole a 9 mm pistol . astonish , cole resist ! cole what ? what for ? be you crazy ? frustrate , jose conceal the gun but keep a grip on cole be arm . jose I ? be you kiddin ? you be the one ! you be a hero , man . they give you a pardon ! and whadda you do ? you come back and fuck with you tooth ! wow ! cole how do you find I ? jose the phone call , man . the phone call . cole the call I just make ? five minute ago ? jose hey , five minute ago , thirty year ago ! yes , that phone call . I be in training for this a couple a month now -- ever since I get back from that ... " weird " war we be in . you remember that ? ( press the pistol on Cole ) here , take it , man ! you could still be a hero if you would cooperate ! int . gift shop / terminal - day railly take a travel book on Key West from a rack , consider it , include it with several magazine she 's hold . she do not notice mr . ponytazl enter the gift shop behind she ! the p.a. system drone flight info as railly check she watch and frown . it 's get late and where 's Cole ? she turn , head for the cash register to make she purchase . mr. ponytail , see from behind , be at the cash register already . he set a newspaper on the counter and search for change . the paper feature a banner headline ... " animal set free " and a sub head ... " prominent scientist found locked in gorilla cage " over a photo of dr . mason be release from the cage and another photo of a gorilla perch atop a park car . stepping in line behind mr . ponytail , railly check she watch again . then , mr. ponytail , have pay , turn to go and railly look up and see he face . though it be not visible to we . startle , railly frown . do she know this man ? mr. ponytail pause for a moment , consider the babe in the shade , gaudy earring , the tight skirt , and high heel . railly do not recognize the man , but we do ! he 's dr . mason's assistant , dr . peter ... the man who attend railly 's lecture ! smiling , dr . peter step around railly and exit the gift shop . still puzzle , railly put she purchase on the counter and the clerk start ringing they up as a delivery man come in and drop a bundle of newspaper at she foot . railly's Pov : the front page show a photo of three frighten giraffe in freeway gridlock under a headline proclaim , " terrorist create chaos " . further down be two more photo ... dr . mason in the gorilla cage and a file photo of dr . mason in he lab . close on the shot of dr . mason in he lab . there 's someone else in the picture . it 's a man wear a lab coat and a ponytail ! angle on railly , reacting , suddenly remember ! memory flashback ! int . reception room / breitrose hall - night railly look up from the book she 's signing and see dr . peter . dr . peter be not it obvious that " Chicken Little " represent the sane vision and that homo sapien ' motto , " let 's go shopping ! " be the cry of the true lunatic ? int . gift shop - day railly , stunne , stare in the direction peter / ponytail go . railly oh , my God ! p.a system -- flight 764 for San Francisco be now ready for board at Gate 36 . int . lobby - day in the confusion of traveler stream in different direction , cole hurry toward the gift shop while jose struggle to keep up . jose coma on , Cole , do not be a asshole . ( then , blurt it out ) look , I get order , man ! you know what I be spose to do if you do not go along ? I be spose to shoot the lady ! you get that ? they say , " if Cole do not obey this time , Garcia , you gotta shoot he girlfriend ! " cole stop in he track , blow away , too stunne to speak . jose I get no choice , man . this be my order . just take it , okay ? cole accept the gun this time , resign now . they have get he . cole this part be not about the virus , be it ? jose hey , man ... cole it 's about obey , about do what you be tell . jose they give you a pardon , man . whatdaya want ? cole who be I suppose to shoot ? just then , railly rush up to cole , not even notice jose . railly James ! thank God ! I think you would disappear . listen , I think I know who it be ! I see he ! it 's Dr. mason 's assistant . a apocalypse nut ! the next flight to San Francisco leave from Gate 38 . if he 's there , it have to be he . jose , have hear this , step back into the crowd as railly grab cole and pull he toward the Security check point . cole I love you , Kathryn . remember that . she do not hear he or see the look of doom in he eye . railly maybe we can stop he . maybe we can actually do something . int . security check point / terminal - day a young boy of nine pass through the magnetic arch grin . young cole ! exactly as he appear in the dream ! he join he parent , who be only visible from they chest down , and they continue along the concourse . we linger and discover two detective watch traveler as they pass through the magnetic arch and retrieve they bag from the x-ray machine , compare they face to photo of cole and railly . angle on a security officer , watch the x-ray monitor . angle on the monitor , show the x-ray image of a sport bag move along the conveyer belt . the bag contain some strange object . angle on the security officer , reacting . security officer Excuse I , sir . would you mind let I have a look at the content of you bag ? angle on dr . peter , come through the magnetic arch , reacting . dr . peter I ? oh , yes , of course . my sample . I have the appropriate papers . int . end of line / security check point railly and cole arrive at the very long suddenly stall line of traveler wait to pass through security . railly oh , God , we do not have time for this . angle on the security check point , where dr . peter unpack he bull bag , pull out six metal cylinder along with a change of clothes and a walkman . dr . peter biological sample . I have the paperwork right here . dr . peter produce a sheaf of official papers while the security officer examine one of the tube , turn it over in he hand . security officer I be go to have to ask you to open this , sir . dr . peter open it ? ( blink stupidly , then ) of course . dr . peter take the metal cylinder and start open it . there 's a SOUND of voice raised behind they . dr . peter pay no attention , but the security officer turn toward the noise . security officer be Pov : railly , try to explain something to a second security officer . angle on the two detective , nearby , show interest in the commotion . angle on dr . peter , oblivious to the fuss , pull a close glass tube out of the metal cylinder . dr . peter here ! you see ? biological ! check the papers -- it 's all proper . I have a permit . security officer it 's empty ! indeed , it look like a seal clear glass tube with nothing in it . dr . peter well , yes , to be sure , it look empty ! but I assure you , it 's not . angle on railly , at the end of the line , argue with the second security officer . railly please listen to I -- this be very urgent ! second security officer you will have to get in line , mar 'am . traveler we be all in a hurry , lady . what 's so special about you ? angle on dr . peter , produce the glass tube from the other metal cylinder as the security officer examine the papers . dr . peter you see ! also invisible to the naked eye . a beat . or . peter grin suddenly , open one of the glass tube , and wave it under the security officer be nose ! dr . peter it do not even have a odor . the security officer glance up , see what dr . peter be do , and smile as he hand the papers back to the scientist . security officer that 's not necessary , sir . here you go . thanks for you cooperation . have a good flight . hastily , dr . peter snatch up all the tube and cylinder and shove they back into he gym bag . angle on railly , raging as the second security officer jab she with he finger . second security officer who be you call a " moron " ? cole get you hand off she ! the second security officer stiffen for trouble . angle on the detective , watch the fuss , ready to get involved . suddenly , the first detective frown . first detective9s Pov : cole be moustache be slip . cole sense it , reach up to touch it , catch the detective be look . for half a second they eye meet , then cole look away . angle on dr . peter , hurry away . security officer's voice ( o.s. } hold it ! just a moment . dr . peter freeze , turn , ashen . the security officer be retrieve a pair of jockey short from the floor beside the search table . he wave they at dr . peter . dr . peter hurry back for he underpant . angle on cole , try to keep he head turn away as he confront the security officer . cole I say , get you hand off she . she 's not a criminal . she 's a doctor ... a psychiatrist . railly look alarmed at that . angle on the detective , come this way . the first detective have the photo in he hand . angle ow dr . peter , bag he jockey short , then start hastily down the window concourse toward the gate . angle on razzly , suddenly spot dr . peter ! railly there he be ! he's carrying a deadly virus ! stop he ! angle on cole , follow railly be look , see mr . ponytail , the man from he dream ! angle on dr . peter , frighten , glance back , walk faster . railly ( o.s. ) please , somebody -- stop he ! angle on detective , reach railly and cole . first detective ( raise he badge ) Police officer . would you step over here , please . angle on cole , spot something behind the detective ! cole's Pov : scarface , dress like a " businessman " ! he give cole a cold look . a beat . cole lunge at the second detective , knock he off balance , then sprint toward the magnetic arch and through it . the alarm go off !!!! the first security officer try to stop cole , but cole knock he aside like a rag doll . angle on dr . peter , fifty yard up the concourse , glance back . angle on cole , pull he pistol . angle on the second security officer . first security officer he's got a gun ! angle on the first detective , raise he pistol at cole . first detective stop or i'll shoot ! angle on cole , gun in hand , sprinting along the concourse toward dr . peter as frighten traveler scream and dive for cover . angle on young cole , stand at a concourse window , watch a plane land , flanke by he parent whose face we do not see . it's suddenly as if the dream be happening in real life !!! the same mokent interspersed with " new " moment from the Pov of young cole who , hearing the commotion , turn just as dr . peter hurry by . dr . peter bump into young cole and react by pull he bull bag close to he body and call ... dr . peter watch it ! angle on young cole , wide eye , watch ... young cole's Pov : a blonde man . dash up the concourse , he moustache slip over he lip , a pistol in he hand . young cole's Pov : the first detective aim , look for a clear shot in the crowded passageway . young cole's Pov : a brunette in flashy clothes , gaudy earring , high heel , and sun glass scream ... brunette ( railly ) n0 ooooo0o !!!!!! young cole's Pov : the first detective , fire ! crack ! young cole's Pov : the blonde man , shudder , staggering , fall . angle on young cole , stunne , as he parent try to shield he . mother' voice ( o.s . ) my God ! they shot that man ! mesmerized , young cole watch the brunette rush to the blonde man , kneel beside he , minister to he bloody wound . young cole's Pov : the blonde man , fatalistically reach up and tenderly touch the brunette's cheek , touch she tear . ( we've see this exact image in cole's dream , a powerful moment , unfolding unnaturally slowly , open like a flower . ) angle on young cole , not able to hear they word , but he can see emotion as the blonde man try to tell the sobbing brunette something . young cole's Pov : paramedics , break the spell , push the brunette aside as they crouch beside the blonde man . father' voice ( o.s. ) come along , son , this be no place for we . angle on young cole , as he father' arm drape over he shoulder , steering he . young cole turn to look back as he 's lead away . young cole's Pov : the paramedics , exchange glance , shrugging helplessly . it 's too late . the blonde man be dead . young cole see the brunette , she face streak with tear , suddenly turn and look around , scan the crowd , search for something . police officer approach she , say something to she . even as she respond , she eye continue to scan the concourse . angle on young cole , be hurried toward the lobby by he parent ( whose face remain out of view ) . he can not help sneaking another look back . young cole's Pov : police , handcuff a distract , unresist railly . even now , she continue to look around almost frantically . suddenly , she gaze fall on young cole and she react ... she 's find what she 's look for ! angle on young cole , reacting to the intensity of she look . angle on railly , she eye speak to the boy across the crowded concourse . angle on young cole , overwhelm by the look . father' voice ( o.s. ) hurry up , son . with a last linger look toward the mysterious brunette , young cole turn away , tear welling in he eye . we move in ... close ... close ... closer ... on he eye . we want to know what the tear means , but there be no way to tell . we don't know what he be thinking , but we know very well what he will remember ! mother' voice ( o.s. ) pretend it be just a bad dream , Jimmy . int . 747 cabin - day dr . peter close the door to the overhead luggage rack contain he Chicago bull bag and take he seat . next to he , a fellow traveler , unseen , say ... fellow traveler' voice ( o.s . ) it 's obscene , all the violence , all the lunacy . shooting even at airport now . you might say ... we be the next endangered species ... human being ! close on dr . peter , smile affably , turn to he neighbor . dr . peter I think you be right . sir . I think you have hit the nail on the head . dr . peter ' Pov : the fellow traveler , a silver haire gentleman in a business suit , offer he hand congenially . dr . peter do not know who this man be , but we do . it 's the astrophysicist ! astrophysicist Jones be my name . I be in insurance . ext . parking lot / airport as young cole's parent ( see only as sleeve and torso ) usher young cole into they station wagon , the boy hesitates , look back , watch a 747 climb into the sky . fade out :