12 year a slave written by John ridley card : 1841 fade in : 1 int . townhouse / study - day 1 - early april , 1841 - we be close on a pair of black hand as they open a finely wrapped packet of violin string . we CUT to the hand string a violin . it 's not a high end piece , but it be quite nice . we CUT to a wide shot of the study . sitting in a chair with violin in hand be solomon northup ; a man in he late twenty . everything about Solomon , he mien and manner , be distinguished . but he , too , seem a hardy individual . someone who have know manual labor in he time . Solomon begin to lightly play he violin , as if testing the string , they tuning . satisfied , Solomon begin to play vigorously . as he do , we make a hard CUT to : int . house / live room - evening we come in on a lively affair . a dinner party be be throw within the confines of a fairly stately house . in attendance be EIGHT couple . all be white and all be fairly young , in they early twenty . the man and woman be dress in very fine attire . we should get the sense that for the most part they be people of mean . the furniture have be set aside in the live room . at the moment the couple be engage in the dance of a reel . the music they be dance to be be play by Solomon , have cut directly from the tune he be previously play . he play with a light determination , and in no way seem possess with empty servitude . Solomon conclude the reel , and the dancer break into enthusiastic applause , which be follow by personal thanks and congratulation from all . it should be clear that despite they respective race there be much admiration and appreciation for Solomon 's ability . int . northup house / bedroom - morning it be a Saturday morning . clad in she finest attire be anne ; Solomon 's wife , a few year young than he . we see also the northup child : margaret who be eight , and alonzo who be five . they be handsome , and well groom kid . Anne straighten up the child . she finish , ( continued ) 2 . 3 continued : 3 she rise up and stand behind they , almost as if prepare to pose for a portrait . they all wait a moment , then Solomon enter the foyer . he stand and look admiringly at he family . admiringly stress . it be not that he do not have love for they , he do as well . but in the moment , he truly admire he great accomplishment : a family that be healthy and well and provide for . he go to he child , and hand each a coin , then go to Anne . give she a kiss on the cheek . the child giggle at the sight . ext . STREET - day Solomon and he family be out walk along the street and grove of Saratoga . the street be well populate this morning with many people out strolling . most be white , but there be black as well . they be freed black who mingle fairly easily - though not always completely - with the white . we see , too , a few black slave who travel with they white master . this pairing be largely from the south and - despite the fact the black be slave - they be not physically downtrodden , not field hand . they be well dress and " lead apparently a easy life " - comparatively speak - as they trail they master . as they walk , Solomon and he family arrive to a intersection well - wear and muddy from horse and cart traffic . Solomon and he child easily jump across the muck . Anne stand at the lip of the puddle , call for Solomon to help she across . anne Solomon ... Solomon , turn back to he wife with a broad smile wave she forward : solomon come , anne. jump . the child , now smile as well , egg they mother on . alonzo margaret jump . you can make it . I have do it . you can make it . anne I will not ruin my dress . catch I ! Solomon move close , hold out he arm . yet , there 's still just a bit of mischievousness in he eye . Anne give she husband a lightly stern look to which Solomon reply . ( continued ) 3. solomon I will catch you , Anne . ( beat ) I will . again , lightly stern : anne you will . and with that Anne take the leap . Solomon catch she , swing she around grandly and set she down lightly to the delighted applause of the child . that do , Solomon take Anne 's hand and lead she on . as Solomon and he family make they way , among the slave on the street , we see one in particular ; jasper . as he trail he master he can not help but note Solomon and he family as they enter a store . his intrigue of this most handsome and harmonious group should be obvious . with he master occupy , jasper move slyly toward the store . frozen on the spot , jasper look on admiringly . suddenly a voice bark out - a voice ( o.s. ) jasper ! come on ! int . store - later we be inside the store of mr . cephas parker ; a white man and a supplier of general goods . Solomon greet he with : solomon Mr. parker . parker Mr. northup . Mrs. northup . with money in hand the northup child move quickly about the store look for item to purchase . continued : Anne look over some silk and fabric . parker suggest to solomon : parker ( cont 'd ) a new cravat , Solomon ? pure silk by way of the french . solomon we be in need of a fresh carry all for the Mrs 's travel . parker a year 's pass ? off to Sandy Hill ? anne I be . use a long pole , Mr. parker fetch down a carry all from a upper shelf . parker something to suit you style , but sturdy enough for the forty mile round trip . handing the bag to Anne , she be immediately take by it . anne it 's beautiful . solomon ( cautiously ) at what price ? anne we will take it . Children , come see what you father have just purchase for I . as the child run over - chatter excitedly about the new gift - they run past jasper who have quietly enter the store . at the checkout counter sit a portrait of william henry harrison , the edge drape in black crepe . before the book sit a ledger . Mr. parker ask of Solomon : parker if you would sign we condolence book . my hope be to find a way to forward it to the widow Harrison . sad day for the nation . solomon yes , certainly . poor Mrs. Harris and she child . I hope brighter time ahead . ( continued ) 4a . 5 continued : ( 2 ) 5 jasper look scared , timid . it 's as though he would like to engage , but be unsure of as to how . noting jasper , parker say : parker a moment , sir , and you will be assist . solomon if we could discuss the price ... ( continued ) 5 . 5 continued : ( 3 ) 5 parker forgive I , Mrs. northup . a customer wait . welcome , sir . to jasper , with good nature : solomon shop well , but mind you wallet . parker ignore the gentleman 's nonsense . now , may I interest you in a new cravat ? pure silk by way of the -- before parker can finish , the door open . it 's jasper 's master , fitzgerald . he 's stern , clearly displease . fitzgerald jasper ! ( to parker ) my regret for the intrusion . solomon no intrusion . fitzgerald look to Solomon . it be a cold glare as though he be not speak to , and have no interest in a response from a black man . look back to parker : fitzgerald good day , sir . 6 6 int . northup house / dine room - evening Anne , busy in the kitchen , put the final touch to the meal , which be just about to begin . Solomon , in the meanwhile , sit at the head of the table read from a newspaper . he read to he child solemn news of the funeral arrangement for the recently decease President Harrison . solomon " thus have pass away from earth we late President . " Solomon start from the top of the article . solomon ( cont 'd ) " during the morning , from sunrise , the heavy bell have be peal forth they slow and solemn toll while the minute gun announce that soon the grave would receive its trust . we city as well as we entire nation have be call to weep over the fall of a great and good man . one who be by the wish of a large majority of we ( more ) ( continued ) 5a . 6 continued : 6 solomon ( cont 'd ) people raise to fill the high place of trust within they gift . William Henry Harrison . " a long moment of quiet , the family continue to eat . then , from Margaret : margaret will you read it again ? anne not just now , darling . Anne enter the dining room and place a large chicken at the center of the table . as she take a seat , all head be bow . margaret for food that stay we hunger , for rest that bring we ease , for home where memory linger , we give we thanks for this . all amen . solomon Margaret , that be wonderful . margaret thank you , papa . solomon alonzo , do you have something to say ? alonzo yes , I help momma make this . anne yes , and you be such a good help . especially make the gravy . margaret papa , I would very much like to learn how to play the violin . could you teach I ? alonzo I too ! margaret yes , but I ask papa first . solomon both of you , calm down . we will have we first lesson after this wonderful dinner . and on that note , let 's start eat . ( continued ) 5b . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 the family all tuck in to they meal . the scene be one of warmth and happiness . 6 . 7 int . northup house - night 7 Solomon and Anne have fun and difficulty put the unruly child to bed . they be tuck in , and each give a kiss good night . as Margaret lay down to sleep , Anne blow out the candle darken the room . silhouett in the doorway , Solomon take Anne in he arm , hold she tightly as they both luxuriate in the simple , beautiful gift that be they child . 7a 7a int . northup house - night now alone together , we see Anne and Solomon wrap in each other 's arm . Beyond be physically close , emotionally close , they be just so very comfortable with one another . they be the very representation of a couple who be make for each other . they look at each other for a prolong time . solomon ( comically forlorn ) Three week . two day . anne it be the custom . I wonder what you will do without I ? solomon I will not stay idle . solomon 's eye lower . anne darling , it 's good money . solomon if only I do not have to share you cooking with other people . anne hold he gaze . anne you do not . they kiss . 8 omit 8 7. 9 ext . northup house - morning 9 we be just outside the northup house . a carriage wait with a driver . Anne and the child be dress for travel - Anne sport her new carry all . the Driver load bag into the carriage . for she parting gift , Anne give she husband a kiss . solomon Travel safely . anne stay safely . Anne and the child load up , the Driver chide the horse and the carriage head off . Solomon wave a hearty good bye to he wife and child . 10 10 ext . park - day Solomon be now out for a stroll . he pass two man - two in particular - who stand outside converse with mr . moon himself : merrill brown and abram hamilton . Brown be about 40 , with a countenance indicate shrewdness and intelligence . Hamilton be closer to 25 , a man of fair complexion and light eye . both be finely , if perhaps a bit garishly , dress . Hamilton , as Solomon describe he , slightly effeminate . Moon , spot Solomon : mr. moon call the Devil 's name ... there he be now . Mr. northup ...! I have two gentleman who should make you acquaintance . messr . Brown and Hamilton . brown sir. mr. moon Mr. northup , this two gentleman be inquire about distinguished individual , and I be just this very moment tell they that Solomon northup be a expert player on the violin . hamilton he be indeed . solomon Mr. Moon be be overly gracious . ( continued ) 8. 10 continued : 10 brown take into consideration he graciousness and you modesty , may we trouble you for a moment of you time to converse , sir ? 11 11 ext . park / pavilion - later we make a jump to a green space . Solomon , Brown and Hamilton be sit at a bench . solomon a circus ? hamilton that be we usual employee . the company currently in the city of Washington . brown Circus too constrict a word to describe the talented and merry band with which we travel . it be a spectacle unlike most have ever witness . creature from the darkest Africa as yet unseen by civilized man . acrobat from the orient able to contort themselves in the most confound manners . hamilton and I myself in aide of Mr. Brown ; a internationally renowned practitioner in the art of prestidigitation . brown we be on we way thither to rejoin the company have leave for a short time to make a small profit from we own exhibition . hamilton the reason for we inquiry with Mr. Moon ... brown yes . we have just a devil of a time in procure music for we ( more ) ( continued ) 9 . 11 continued : 11 brown ( cont 'd ) entertainment . Men of true talent seemingly in short supply . solomon thank you sir ... brown if we could persuade you to accompany we as far as New York ... we would give you one dollar for each day 's service and three dollar for every night play at we performance . in addition we would provide sufficient pay for the expense of you return from New York here to Saratoga . solomon you understand this be all very sudden . hamilton consider it a opportunity to see the country -- solomon it 's intrigue ... hamilton if there be any way in which you would give consideration to the offer ... Solomon give the whole deal one last consideration . solomon the payment offer be enticement enough , as be my desire to visit the metropolis . hamilton we be delighted , sir . so delighted . though we would add that we travel plan -- brown we would like to depart with haste . ( continued ) 10 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 solomon as luck would have it , my wife and child be travel . I will write she of we plan . brown excellent ! I would beg you collect yourself , then we may proceed . 12 12 int . northup house / bedroom - later back in he house , we see Solomon pack : put some clothes in a travel case , and collect he violin as well . 13 int . northup house / study - later 13 Solomon sit down to write a letter ; pen poise over paper with already a few line write . but Solomon think better of it . with little thought he tear the paper and sets it aside . we should get the sense that the absolute value of be able to communicate by letter be lost on solomon . this fact will have great weight in the near future . 14 14 ext . solomon' house / int . cover carriage - later Solomon enter the buggy , carpet bag in hand . Brown and Hamilton be wait . they ride in a cover carriage lead by a pair of " noble " horse . hamilton no letter to post ? solomon no need . my return will coincide with my family 's . brown we be off then . 15 15 int . pub - evening - mid to late april , 1841 - we find ourselves in a roadside pub . it serve the purpose of drink and diversion , and little more . as Solomon play he violin , Brown and Hamilton perform a decent , pair magic routine before a sparse audience not of " select character . " 11 . 16 int . pub - later 16 after the show , the pub now fairly empty , Solomon , Hamilton and Brown sit down to eat . Hamilton and Brown drink , but again Solomon abstain . though Solomon remain cool , Hamilton and Brown put up a great show of be disappointed as Hamilton count out what little money be collect . hamilton not a additional tip from a one of they . they expect to be entertained for nothing . brown and not satisfied a bit despite give they more than what they pay for . solomon it 's the national mood . there 's too much grief to make room for frivolity . hamilton my sincerest apology , Solomon . you be promise opportunity , and you be give none . brown the opportunity be with the circus . a two man show poorly promote , what be we to expect ? but the circus bill itself . hamilton true . brown I have tell you of the circus with which we be connect . creature from the darkest of Africa . acrobat from the orient who -- solomon you have describe it , yes . brown yes . we need to return immediately to Washington . Solomon ... I believe we familiar enough now , but forgive I if I be bold ... would you consider make the trip with we ? Solomon give a bit of a laugh at the idea . ( continued ) 12 . 16 continued : 16 hamilton entertain at pub and inn have it 's place , but a man of you skill deserve better . brown hear , hear . hamilton and more importantly you would build you own name and follow . the circus tend to attract that with the high of reputation . a introduction here and there could amount to a lifetime of reward . now would be the time . with you family away , a opportunity present itself . brown Said as fellow artist as well as businessman . well worth the effort at least . solomon you present a flatter representation . as my family will be travel back shortly , perhaps I might commit only to one trial engagement . hamilton oh , very good , sir . very good . I can not recall be so excited . brown there be a practical concern . if you be to continue on with we you should obtain you free papers . solomon not necessary . brown here in New York , no . but we will be enter slave state and as a matter of precaution ... it 's to all we benefit we should not have to come to account for you well be . hamilton six shilling worth of effort could well save much trouble later . ( continued ) 12a . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 brown we will go to the custom House in the morning , then travel on . good business all around . 13 . 17 omit 17 18 ext . WASHINGTON - day 18 the city be a swarm of people . at the moment the populace be display both sorrow and anticipation . sorrow for the loss of the President . many be dress in black , and black crepe hang nearly everywhere . Black armband be frequently see , and the occasional american flag hang at half mast . as well , there be portrait of Harrison at vary location . have arrive in Washington , Solomon , Hamilton and Brown ride onward in there carriage . 19 19 int . gadsby HOTEL / dinning room - evening a decent though crowded , boisterous and smoke- fill joint . very lively . Solomon , Hamilton and Brown be among several party drink in the hotel 's bar . as with seemingly everywhere in the city black crepe accessorize the background . Brown count out $ 43.00 in coin on the tabletop . Solomon be astonished by the amount . brown forty - three dollar . all to you . solomon that ... it 's far more than my wage amount to . brown consider the remainder a advance from the circus . I can not tell you ... I honestly wish you have see the expression of we director when I describe you ability . he be fairly overcome with excitement . hamilton you should have invite he to sup with we . brown I do . I do , but so many preparation before the company be to depart . solomon gentlemen -- brown tomorrow we shall prepare for we Washington debut . but tonight , we thought be with the great man ( more ) ( continued ) 13a . 19 continued : 19 brown ( cont 'd ) for whom this city prepare solemn memorial . he have pass from the praise of man to receive the plaudit of he heavenly father . a fine man have pass . let we remember he with a drink . ( continued ) 14 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 both Hamilton and Brown hold up they tankard to drink . Solomon , a bit reluctantly , do the same . hamilton cheer . brown another . we depart President deserve all the salutation we can imbibe . Hamilton and Brown drink again , and Solomon do as well . 20 20 omit 21 omit 21 22 ext . alley - later 22 we make a hard CUT to Solomon outside of the pub , in a alley , with Brown and Hamilton in silhouette , back - light by the street light . he be violently ill , hunch over and retching horribly . hamilton that 's all right Solomon . no shame in it . no shame at all . 15 . a23 int . gadsby HOTEL - staircase a23 Hamilton and Brown help Solomon to lumber up the spiral staircase , pass the occasional bemuse guest . 23 int . gadsby HOTEL / solomon' room - night 23 Hamilton be place a spittoon near Solomon 's bed , where a prone and reeling Solomon lay . Hamilton sit on the bed . as he stroke Solomon 's sweaty face , Hamilton speak sweetly . hamilton I be afraid that Brown and I have not bring you much luck . but rough water bring smooth sailing . eventually they do . solomon .... so ... so sorry ... hamilton shhh . we will not hear it . we will not . brown let he sleep . hamilton hmm . a good night 's sleep . and tomorrow ... tomorrow you will feel as well and refresh as though the earth be new again . Hamilton linger a bit too long and a bit too close to Solomon for Brown 's taste . with more than a bit of signification : brown Hamilton ! nothing more we can do for he . hamilton such be the pity . display a odd sort of disappointment , Hamilton slink away from the bed . he cross to , and blows out a candle . the room go dark with a blackness more than night . Brown and Hamilton exit . Solomon lay in the dark and moan . his sound become more and more distressed . 24 24 int . burch dungeon - dawn ( continued ) 16 . 24 continued : 24 Solomon stir , then slowly awake to he new circumstance . he find himself in a nearly lightless room about twelve foot square with wall of solid masonry . there be a thick and well - lock door , a small window cover with iron bar and a shutter . the only furniture be a wood stool and a old fashioned , dirty box stove . as Solomon rise he see that he hand be cuffed - the chain run to a bolt in the ground - and he legs in irons . at first Solomon be incredulous . but that emotion be replace first by fury and then panic . he begin to pull on the chain , fight against they . he do so with increase desperation . Solomon flail about , the sound of the steel chain whipping and beat against the masonry . he grunt and scream without regard as the cuff and iron bite into he flesh , but he can not pull himself free . after several minute of intense effort , Solomon tire , slow , then finally he collapse . and in this collapse state he remain . 25 25 int . burch dungeon - morning Solomon again awaken . he hear sound beyond the door ... footstep . eventually the door open . enter jame burch - who run the slave pen - and ebenezer radburn who work as a turnkey and overseer . as the door open , this be the first light to seep into the otherwise near-black room . the shine be painful to Solomon 's eye . with no salutation whatsoever , burch asks : burch well , my boy , how yah feel now ? Solomon rise up as best he can . with all the resolve he can put together he state what he consider to be fact : solomon I be Solomon northup . I be a free man ; a resident of Saratoga , New York . the residence also of my wife and child who be equally free . I have papers . you have no right whatsoever to detain I -- burch yah not any -- solomon and I promise you - I promise - upon my liberation I will have satisfaction for this wrong . burch resolve this . produce you papers . ( continued ) 17 . 25 continued : 25 with confidence Solomon go to the pocket of he trousers . he search one , then the other , but they be empty . he feel quickly about himself , but clearly he papers have be lift . Solomon 's confidence shift , but to resolve rather than fear . paper or none , he will not be easily cow . still , burch assert : burch ( cont 'd ) yah no free man . and yah be not from Saratoga . yah from Georgia . a moment . not a word speak among the trio , but Solomon and burch do some serious eye fuck , neither man yield . burch say again : burch ( cont 'd ) yah be not a free man . yah nuthin' but a Georgia runaway . burch wait for Solomon to acquiesce . Solomon do not in any way . both man exchange a long and dare stare . the two be clearly at a intellectual stand off . burch , lean to radburn , say something which we cannot distinguish . radburn walk off - camera and return with a pair of " instrument : " a paddle - the flatten portion , which be about the size in circumference of two open hand , and bored with a small auger in numerous place . he also carry a whip . a cat -o- nine tail ; a large rope of many strand . the strand unravel and a knot tie at the extremity of each . burch say again : burch ( cont 'd ) yah a runaway nigger from Georgia . Solomon stand with a quiet stoicism . he will say nothing of the kind . as that be the case , Solomon be seize by both man . he be pull over the bench , face downward , shirt still on he back . radburn then step on he chain , hold Solomon down in a bent position . with no preamble , burch begin to beat Solomon about the back with the paddle . burch strike he wordlessly - no taunting , no sneering . Solomon scream against each blow . his back immediately swelling with welt and bruise . this beat continue on and on and on until quite literally burch wear himself out with the effort . dripping in sweat and panting : ( continued ) 18 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 burch ( cont 'd ) yah still insist yah a free man ? solomon ...i ... I insist ... burch regret hearing this . not from sympathy , but rather because he 's nearly too tired to go back to beat Solomon . yet , as if return to work , burch return to pummel Solomon . burch punctuate the blow with : burch yah a slave . yah a Georgia slave ! burch continue to strike , and strike ... this time until the paddle snap in half . burch then grab the whip . hardly miss a stroke , he whip Solomon relentlessly , the flail cut into Solomon 's back . again , burch 's arm tire before Solomon " break . " burch ( cont 'd ) be yah slave ? solomon ... no ... burch go back to whipping and whipping , and whipping ... solomon' back be now torn OPEN with laceration and oozing with blood . finally burch can whip no more . he pour sweat and suck air , leave himself just enough energy to take up he instrument and exit . radburn linger for a moment . he take the iron off Solomon 's leg . open the window some . as he make this gesture , in a patronize and confidential manner , one wringht with poor sincerity :: radburn I see a good many of the black kind just where yah be . sick . make I sick . often time the situation be resolve , and I think ; what be all the beatin' and abuse for ? thing end as they should , and the violence be for naught . so why cause trouble when they be not no cause for it ? be of a cooperative nature , and thing do not need be particularly unpleasant . ( beat ) or , yah can carry on like yah be , and I fear yah will not live to see Sunday next . with that think , radburn exit . Solomon rest . but to rest seem like give in to defeat . he begin pull ( continued ) 19 . 25 continued : ( 3 ) 25 on he chain . but for all he struggle , the chain loosen none . Solomon call out : solomon help I ! someone help I ! if anyone at all hear he , they do not respond . Solomon continue he plaintive cry for assistance . 26 26 ext . burch dungeon - continuous beginning with a tight shot on the shutter , bar window of burch 's dungeon - Solomon 's cry barely eking beyond the space - the camera pull back from the building , onto the city until clearly visible be the Nation 's capital . it 's icon 's of freedom - the white house , the capitol build - fairly mock Solomon 's captivity . simultaneously , barren at the early hour and cluttere with litter and the remain of previous day 's procession , the city be a bleak and forbode sight . 27 27 int . burch dungeon - day it be day now . the door to the yard be throw open . the harsh white light flood all over Solomon . 28 omitted 28 ( continued ) 20 . 28 continued : 28 29 move to sc . a32 29 21 . 30 ext . burch dungeon / yard - day 30 it be a yard just beyond burch 's . the yard be hemmed in by a brick wall . in the yard be two man , and a boy . the oldest be clemen ray a man of about 25 year of age . he be well educate . JOHN william be about 20 year old . he be bear and breed a slave , be lack in education , and overwhelm with fear of the situation . finally there be a child about 10 year of age who answer to the name of randall . Solomon , clemen Ray , John and randall all stand naked . though they try to cover they private a bit , they be all aware of the uselessness of modesty . radburn be present . he have before he a couple of bucket of cold water . he throw water on the naked man . radburn go on . warsh up . the man , soaking in humility as well as water , begin to scrub with a single bar of harsh soap pass among they . radburn ( cont 'd ) the boy , too . get he clean . Solomon take some soap and rub it over randall . radburn ( cont 'd ) scrub now . git them clean . Solomon scrub harder . randall - clearly cold and uncomfortable - appeal to Solomon . randall do you know when my mama will come ? radburn hush he up ! see Solomon have no answer for he , randall begin to cry . randall mama ..! mama ! be she go to come ? do all he can to spare the child from a certain beat : solomon quiet , please . randall be become nearly inconsolable . randall mama ! ( continued ) 21a . 30 continued : 30 say anything to keep the boy quiet : solomon you mother will come , I swear she will , but you must be silent . please . be silent ! on the seem strength of Solomon 's promise , randall go silent . Solomon look to radburn , who just throw water on the soapy man . 22 . 31 omitted 31 a32 int . burch dungeon - evening a32 radburn bring food in to Solomon ; a shrivel piece of meat and some water . just barely enough to sustain Solomon . radburn also have a shirt . radburn that old thing of yours be just rag and tatter . need something proper to wear . Solomon do not move for the clothing . radburn ( cont 'd ) go'won . put it on . with slow defiance , Solomon do as instruct . he remove what remain of he old shirt - the one he be wear when first kidnap - and put on the one radburn bring he . the shirt 's ill-fitting and dirty . despite that , radburn say : radburn ( cont 'd ) there . tha 's fine . tha 's fine . get no gratitude ? solomon ... thank you ... radburn yah keep bein ' proper , yah will see how thing work out . radburn start to take the old shirt . solomon no ! it be from my wife . radburn rags and tatter . rags and tatter . take the shirt , the " rag and tatter " as he call they , radburn exit , lock the door behind he . Solomon sit with the plate of food before he . he push the plate away rather than eat . 32 32 ext . burch dungeon / yard - day sitting together out in the yard be clemen Ray , John and Solomon . over time they have draw trustworthy enough to speak with one another . at the moment Solomon be still try to apply reason to the situation . ( continued ) 22a . 32 continued : 32 randall wander about in the background . as usual , he call out for he " mama . " by now , however , he call should feel like little more than background noise . solomon this can not stand . it be a crime . I believe now someone lay in wait for I . my drink be alter ... we be free man . they have ... they have no right to hold we . Solomon wait for a response from the other . they give none . solomon ( cont 'd ) we need a sympathetic ear . if we have a opportunity to explain we situation -- clemen who in you estimation be that sympathetic ear ? solomon the two man I journey with . I be certain they be make inquiry at this very moment . clemen I would be just as certain they be count the money pay for deliver you to this place . solomon they be not kidnapper . they be artist . fellow performer . clemen you know that ? you know for certain who they be ? ( continued ) 23 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) 32 the fact be , Solomon can not say for certain . clemen ( cont 'd ) how I reckon the situation : whatever past we have ... well , that 's do now . the reality to come be we be transport southward . New Orleans if I be to venture . after we arrive , we will be put to market . Beyond that ... well , once in a slave state I suppose there 's only one outcome . JOHN no . clemen I do not say that to give you empty agitation , John ... JOHN for y'all . for y'all they be not nothin ' but that ! but John be and kidnap . John bein ' hold as debt , tha 's all . massa pay he debt , and John be redeeme -- clemen Boy , we master will not come for we . John be nearly beside himself with panic . JOHN now John 's ... John 's sorry for y'all , but tha 's how it be . where y'all goin ' , yah goin ' witout John . massa take care of I . massa take care . randall mama ! all three man turn and look . at the moment randall do not call out emptily . at the door to the yard be burch along with two woman . one in she late twenty ; eliza . she be " array in silk , with ring upon she finger , and golden ornament suspend from she ear . " though a slave , eliza be a mistress and have - to this point - live well . this be reflect in she air and she speech . the other be a little girl , light in skin color , of about seven or eight . this be emily , randall 's half sister . as she enter the yard eliza squeal with high delight , then break into tear of both sorrow and joy . clearly this be mother and child be reunite . ( continued ) 24 . 32 continued : ( 3 ) 32 as burch lock the yard door , eliza clutches randall . she be overcome with emotion . eliza my darling . my sweet , sweet baby . 33 33 int . burch dungeon - evening later in the evening . Solomon now share he space with eliza and she child . as the child rest , eliza drop into a lament as if plead she case to Solomon who lend a sympathetic ear . both slyly , and with a bit of aggrandizement : eliza when I say I have my master 's favor , you understand . above even he own wife , I have it . do you know that he build a house for I ? built it on the sole condition that I reside there with he . the add promise in time I would be emancipate . and for nine year he bless I with every comfort and luxury in life . display the finery she still wear : eliza ( cont 'd ) silk and jewel and even servant to wait upon we . such be we life , and the life of this beautiful girl I bore for he . but master Berry 's daughter ... she always look at I with a unkind nature . she hate Emily no matter she and Emily be flesh of flesh . as master Berry 's health fail , she gain power in the household . eventually , I be bring to the city on the false pretense of we free papers be execute . if I have know what wait ; to be send south ? I swear I would not have come here alive . ( continued ) 25 . 33 continued : 33 eliza turn to she child : eliza ( cont 'd ) my poor , poor baby . 34 int . burch dungeon - night 34 it 's the deep of night , all be sleep . a key turn in the lock and the door open . burch enter with radburn beside he . both carry lantern with they . hardly give Solomon and eliza a moment to rouse themselves , burch demand : burch come on . get yer blanket . get up . sense that thing will not end well : eliza no , please do not ... burch I do not want to hear yer talk . get in the yard . eliza please ... radburn ai not no need for all that . put hand to randall 's head . radburn ( cont 'd ) jus takin ' a li'l trip , tha 's all . do not want to frighten the chil 'ren none over a li'l boat ride , do yah ? eliza give a shake of she head to the negative . radburn ( cont 'd ) alright then . git yerselve up . 35 35 ext . burch dungeon / yard - night we now have Solomon , clemen , John , eliza and the child . they be be cuffed together . as John be cuffed , he pull back . scare . he being in desperation : JOHN John 's massa gunna pay he debt . John 's massa gunna come for he . ( continued ) 26-28. 35 continued : 35 not want to hear any of this talk , burch strike John several time in the head with a sap- like instrument . weaken , but again : JOHN ( cont 'd ) John 's massa gunna -- burch again strike John until he 's quiet . curiously , Emily and randall do not even flinch . why would they ? they be quite use to see this kind of violence . burch not a word out of none a yah . not a word . burch and radburn begin drive the shackle slave from the yard . a36 a36 ext . burch dungeon / int . wagon / flat bed - later the slave be lead to a flat bed of the horse and carriage . they be make to lay down side - by-side . we stay with they as some sort of cloth be flung over they , obscure and black out they view . at that moment , the screen be blackened and we hear the sound of the cart move in haste . 36 36 ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. dock - night led by burch , the group of slave arrive to a dock . they be take quickly up a gangplank and onto the steamboat orlean as the captain , crew and a mulatto woman watch , but do not interfere . 37 37 int . orlean / hold - continuous the slave be hustle down one at a time into a dark , dank hold among barrel and box of freight ... and rat . burch come around and " check " the chain ; make sure they be all secure and lock . satisfied , he head up out of the hold . radburn follow . alone in the dark in the hold , John cry , as do eliza . Solomon stare down burch for as long as he can , as if wishing bad thing . as if want to exact some measure of revenge . but the great insult be that burch and radburn , engage in conversation , take no notice of Solomon whatsoever . he be that insignificant to they . that fact , that reality , make Solomon boil with a rage he can not express in word . 38 38 omit 26-28a . 38a int . steamboat - night 38a we be now in the engine room of the steamboat , piston pump , black oily cog turn , the power and the rhythm be both aggressive and hypnotic . a shovel come into view , feed the furnace . 38b ext . sea - dusk / dawn 38b the steamboat be en route between Washington and norfolk . we tilt up from the violent water foam to the power paddle of the boat . 39 move to 43a 39 29 . 40 omit 40 41 omit 41 42 omit 42 43 int . orlean / hold - later - night 43 down in the hold the slave eat , pray . the mulatto woman move among they , catch eliza 's eye . mulatto woman cheer up and do not be so cast down . clemen Ray and Solomon watch as the mulatto woman return to top deck , the trapdoor lock firmly behind she . clemen Ray turn to Solomon with a deadpan stern expression . clemen ray if you want to survive , do and say as little as possible . tell no one who you really be and tell no one that you can read and write . ( continued ) 30 . 43 continued : 43 clemen Ray turn away from Solomon , eye lose into the distance . clemen ray ( cont 'd ) ( slowly ) unless you want to be a dead nigger . Solomon 's face be one of a confuse despair . 43a ext . norfolk / port - day 43a we see a flat overhead view of the port of norfolk . sardine be laid out to dry in row , glitter in the day 's sun as if like silver penny . a chain of slave enter the frame and be lead one by one on to the dock vessel . more slave - about 15 in all , of various gender and age - be bring on board . Chief among they be ROBERT who fight viciously with he captor . " with all haste " be shove down into the hold . have take they cargo as far as they care or need to , burch and radburn depart . they do so without a word speak to Solomon or the other . with this new and sizable batch of slave on board , the crew again cast off , and the Orleans make its way again . 44 int . orlean / galley 44 Solomon be back clean in the galley . as he clean , he again watch Robert prep food . Robert 's skill with a knife be not lose on Solomon . 45 int . hold - later - day 45 the hold be pack tighter now . muzzle cover he face , Robert be shackle with he hand tie behind he back . Solomon and clemen Ray look on . a sailor descend the staircase and take off Robert 's muzzle , shoot he a forbid look . he leave . ( continued ) 31 . 45 continued : 45 CUT to : Solomon , clemen Ray and Robert , now in mid-conversation . ROBERT I say we fight . Robert deliver this in a hushed voice . solomon the crew be fairly small . if it be well plan , I believe they could be strong armed . clemen ray Three can not stand against a whole crew . the rest here be nigger , bear and breed slave . niggers be not get the stomach for a fight , not a damn one . ROBERT all I know , we get where we travel we will wish we would die try . clemen ray survival be not about certain death , it be about keep you head down . Solomon look at clemen Ray , agitate -- he voice now raise above the previous whisper . grit he tooth . solomon day ago I be with my family , in my home . now you tell I all be lose . " tell no one who I really be " if I want to survive . I do not want to survive , I want to live . 46 omit 46 47 omit 47 47a ext . sea - day 47a the steamboat paddle pound the water , fill the whole frame . the vessel plough on south . 32 . 48 omit 48 48a int . hold - night 48a the slave be asleep . a sailor descend the ladder approach eliza . he bend down and attempt to wake the daughter by caress she face . Solomon rouse , and look across to witness the scene . from he vantage point , we see eliza stand to interrupt the sailor . the sailor look at eliza , eliza look back at he . knowingly she lead he off into a corner of the hold . as she do so , eliza pass Robert who jump up to stand between eliza and the sailor . stretch out a firm hand to the sailor 's shoulder , Robert 's look say " no you do not . " clemen Ray be awake now , watch . there be a odd moment of stillness between the sailor and Robert , a impasse . we focus on the sailor 's face . slowly , a greasy smile erupt upon it . back now to Robert 's face , a look of incomprehension . Robert look down . we follow he gaze to the knife that have already be jabbe unseen between Robert 's rib . the sailor withdraw the bloody blade . a wide shot of the two man . Robert collapse to the floor like a sack of potato . clemen Ray and Solomon react . complete horror . 49 omit 49 50 omit 50 33. 51 ext . orlean / deck - day 51 we be back up on the deck of the ship . solomon and clemen ray dump ROBERT 's body over the side of the ship . Solomon watch as the body churn for a moment in the wake of the vessel ... then sink beneath the water . clemen Ray , with no sentimentality : clemen ray better off . better than we . 51a ext . new orlean harbour - day 51a Solomon 's Pov from the back of the steamship of Robert 's corpse slip gracefully into the water . 52 ext . new orlean / port - day 52 - mid may , 1841 - a white male , fairly smart , with broad shoulder , stand and bellows - ray clemen ...! clemen Ray ! we be in the port of New Orleans , one of the busy in the young nation . on the dock itself there be a bustle of activity as goods be load and unload from a various ship . it 's a bit of control chaos as a variety of language be speak and shout while slave be shuttle from the Orleans to a hold pen . Solomon , and all the slave be overwhelm by all that be happen around they . two man - among many - be await the arrival of the Orleans . they be jonus ray - clemen Ray 's master - and davis who be the solicitor of Mr. Ray . they both look like they mean business . the moment the gangplank be laid , Ray yell for clemen . clemen , see he master , be nearly crazy with delight . he be , uncharacteristically beside himself . ironically , he master now represent " freedom . " ( continued ) 34 . 52 continued : 52 clemen ... my master ... master Ray , sir ! master Ray ! clemen pull on he chain . as he do so , several other slave collapse in he effort to reach he master , like dominos . ray who be in charge of this vessel ? captain I be the Captain . ray I be Mr. jonus Ray . my solicitor have documentation verify that the negro name clemen Ray be my property . as he read paper hand to he by Davis : captain I know nothing of -- ray you be order by court to return that property immediately , or face charge of thievery . captain my duty be to transport goods . I be not responsible for they origin . ray remove this contraption ! to he mate : captain free he ! biddee do as order . once free , clemen hug and sob over he master as would a lose and then find child . ray it 's all well , now , clemen . you will return home with I . ( to the Captain ) consider this notice and warning . ( continued ) 35 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 Ray , Davis and clemen head away . Solomon seem both desperate and hopeful of some aid from clemen and Ray . but there be none forthcoming . Ray and clemen continue on - clemen not so much as even look back in Solomon 's direction . Solomon stand and watch as they fade into the environ and be go from sight . 53 53 ext . new orlean / port - later hour later . the slave sit off on one side of the dock , baking in the sun , await they fate . theophilus FREEMAN - a tall , thin - face man with light complexion and a little bent - move along the deck call out name from a list . the slave stand as they be call . FREEMAN oren. john. lethe. eliza . randall . Emily . Platt ... Platt ! Solomon do not respond . Freeman look around . he spot Solomon . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) Captain , who ship that nigger ? captain burch . Freeman step to Solomon . he give he a look over . FREEMAN stand up . Solomon do as tell . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) you fit the description give . why do not you answer when call ? solomon my name be not Platt . my name be -- Freeman strike Solomon hard across the face . FREEMAN you name be Platt , and I will teach you you name so that you do not forget . ( to the Captain ) shackle my nigger . get they to my cart . 36 . 54 I /e. cart - later 54 Solomon be carte off along with the rest of " burch 's stock : " eliza and she child , John and Solomon . as they move off from the port in a make - shift cart , it open up to the frenzic , busy port . for the first time Solomon see true and severe slavery . this be not visit servant , such as jasper be back in Saratoga . this be human hold in strict bondage - herde like cattle , chain together as if in a " chain gang . " slave be evident not merely by the color of they skin . the residue and accessory of slavery be everywhere . black almost universally display scar - thick and heavy dead tissue from laceration left untreated - brand , and be often miss limb . black be hold in all type of shackle , from simple chain to elaborate binding , to neck collar that be spike . some be muzzle or force to wear bit . one slave be attack by a dog and the slave owner . the dog pull and tear at the slave 's clothes . these image should be a constant and continual canvas to the piece . ever present , but not really commented on as they be the norm . they should be a reminder that not only be people be oppress , but that there be a entire system of oppression in place . 55 55 ext . freeman' slave pen - later " burch 's stock : " arrive at Freeman 's slave pen . they be lead in by Freeman and he house slave cape - a mulatto . the yard be enclose by plank , stand upright , with end sharpen instead of brick wall as with burch 's . include burch 's group there be about 30 slave in the pen . Solomon and the other look around and see nothing but downtrodden and despondent face . Three man sit next to each other with muzzle and quietly stare back at this new batch of arrival . one attempt to speak , but all that come out be a muffle , unintelligible sound . 56 56 ext . freeman' slave pen - later the slave be in various state of undress , man and woman alike . they clean themselves , scrubbing with soap and water . woman wash they hair . Men shave , skin be oile . Freeman walk among they , inspect they as they primp themselves . 57 57 int . freeman' slave pen - later the slave be give new clothes by cape . the man be give hat , coat , shirt , pants and shoe . the woman ( continued ) 37 . 57 continued : 57 frock of calico and handkerchief to bind about they head . 58 int . freeman' / great room - later 58 it 's a odd , ironic scene . the slave be in a large and fairly ornate room within Freeman 's house . cape plays a painful tune on a fiddle - background music - as Freeman try to line up a SMALL group of the slave , he become less patient , jittery and nervous , know that he livelihood be at stake , he want he slave to make a good impression . sometimes he patience get the better of he , and he hand move freely in direction of the slave . the business have the air of a etiquette class , though what Freeman be try to do be coach the slave into be more " sellable . " he work with they in group of five or so . FREEMAN tallest to smallest , understand ? be you taller than she ? then you would go before she . do it . move . ( to the group ) keep you head up . a sense of direction ; that 's how you look smart . none of that saucer eye . rid yourself of that smile . look like a goddamn grinnin ' monkey . put the least think in you head . c'mon , now . think of somethin' . weary of cape 's play , Solomon move to cape . he ask : solomon can you play a reel ? cape ( dismissive ) Nah . I do not know no reel . solomon if I may ...? cape look to Freeman : FREEMAN he sick of you caterwaulin' . let he play , boy . let 's see what he can do . cape reluctantly hand the fiddle over to Solomon . Solomon tune it a bit , then begin to play . his finger stiff at first , he take a moment to warm up . but as he warm up he be , despite the circumstance , masterful . ( continued ) 38 . 58 continued : 58 the slave all clap along . some dance along . all admire he work . Freeman chief among they . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) keep on . keep on . Solomon continue to play . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) a damn sight better than you , cape . a damn sight better . cape look bitter as Solomon play on . 59 59 int . freeman' / great room - day we come in on a odd sort of sight ; a jumble of activity . customer have come to see Freeman 's lot - the room all gussie up with flower . Freeman move among they , display they as a rancher would prize chattel . Freeman make the slave hold they head up - " look smart " as he previously admonish they . they be make to walk briskly back and forth while customer feel they hand and arm and body , turn they about and ask what skill they possess . the customer routinely make the slave open they mouth and show they tooth . at time a male or female slave be take off to the side , stripped and inspect more minutely . one of they , John , be stripped and inspect . cape , as he 's do previously , play he fiddle . a buyer - william ford ; a man of middle age , and a attractive nature in he tone of voice - consult a list he 's draw up and ask of Freeman : ford what be the price for the one Platt and eliza ? FREEMAN a thousand for Platt ; he be a nigger of talent . Seven hundred for eliza . my fairest price . ford you will accept a note ? FREEMAN as always , from you , Mr. Ford . eliza be beside herself as it seem she be about to be separate from she family . she beg of Ford : ( continued ) 39 . 59 continued : 59 eliza please , sir ... please do not divide my family . do not take I unless you take my child as well . FREEMAN eliza , quiet ! eliza you will have the most faithful slave in I , sir . the most faithful slave that have ever live , but I beg that you do not separate we . a buyer interrupt the skirmish and approach Freeman and deliver coolly , eyeing randall - buyer you price for the child ? FREEMAN you see how fit the boy be . like ripe fruit . he will grow into a fine beast . randall be make to run , and jump by FREEMAN - exhibit he activity and he condition . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) six hundred , and that 's fair and final . buyer done . he reach into he waistcoat and retrieve he wallet , count out six hundred dollar , place they into the already extend hand of Freeman . Ford see the distress and panic in eliza ; it visibly touch he . he now try to buy emily to console she . ford how much for the little girl ? you have no need for she . one so young will bring you no profit . FREEMAN I will not sell the girl . there 's heaps and pile of money to be make off she . she be a beauty . one of the regular blood . none of you thick -lipped , bullet head , cotton pick nigger . ( continued ) 39a . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 ford her child , man . for God 's sake , be you not sentimental in the least ? FREEMAN my sentimentality stretch the length of a coin . do you want the lot , Mr. Ford , or do you pass on they all ? ford I will take the one Platt and eliza . eliza grip she child tight . eliza I will not go without my child . you will not take they from I . ( continued ) 40 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 as if to prove she wrong , Freeman put a foot to eliza and harshly kick she away from Emily . eliza ( cont 'd ) please , do not . no ! Freeman , to cape : FREEMAN take she out of here . cape drop he fiddle , begin to pull eliza away toward the door of the room , but she scream and plead do not abate . it be clearly unsettling to the other buyer . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) keep she quiet . cape try to muzzle she with he hand , but eliza continue to scream for she child as Emily do for she mother . emily mama ... mama ! FREEMAN ( to solomon ) play something ! get the fiddle and play . as order , Solomon take up cape 's fiddle and begin to play lightly . FREEMAN ( cont 'd ) play ! Solomon play harder and more loudly . still , it be barely enough to drow out eliza 's cry . Freeman get the other slave to clap along with Solomon 's play . Emily frees herself and run back , cry but endeavor to be strong - emily do not cry , mama . I will be a good girl . do not cry . I will keep my head up and I will look smart . I will always look smart . FREEMAN make merry , all of you ! goddamn it , cape ! keep she quiet or it 's you damned hide I will take it out of ! cape pull a rag , stuff it in eliza 's mouth . clamp both hand over she mouth , he haul eliza from the room by the head . it be a ugly , ugly scene . 40a . 60 ext . ford plantation - later 60 drive in a horse draw wagon by Ford be Solomon and eliza . eliza be sullen to say the least . with the loss of she two child she have drop into a depression she will not be able to pull out of . ( continued ) 41 . 60 continued : 60 they arrive to the ford plantation . the main house of the plantation - the great house as they be commonly call - be sizable . two storey high with a piazza in front . in the rear be also a log kitchen , poultry house , corncrib and several slave cabin . the plantation be describe as " a green spot in the wilderness . " with the arrival of master Ford there be a flurry of activity - the " excitement " of a new delivery . mr. chapin , a white overseer , instruct a slave name SAM . chapin Sam , call to the mistress . SAM mistress ! mistress , they arrivn ' . mistress ford exit the house - along with she attend slave , rachel , who be a cook as well as sam' wife - and travel to she husband , kiss he , then laughingly inquire : mrs . ford do you bring all that nigger ? two of they ? you get two ? ford make I something to eat , dear . the day have take it from I . mrs . ford let I get a look at they ... ford Mr. chapin -- mrs . ford ( re : eliza ) this one 's cryin' . why be this one cryin' ? ford separate from she child . mrs . ford oh , dear . ford it could not be help . mrs . ford poor , poor woman . ford Mr. chapin , tomorrow you will take this two up to the mill and start they workin' . for now make they ( more ) ( continued ) 42 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 ford ( cont 'd ) adequate ; fix they a meal , and have they rest themselves . chapin yes , sir . ( to the slave : ) c'mon , now . c'mon . do not dawdle . mrs . ford ( to eliza : ) something to eat and some rest ; you child will soon enough be forget . a61a a61a ext . ford' work area - day John tibeat , stand before the slave . chapin hover to one side . tibeat my name be John tibeat , William Ford 's chief carpenter . you will refer to I as master . tibeat nod in chapin 's direction : tibeat ( cont 'd ) mister chapin be the overseer on this plantation . he be responsible for all of Ford 's property . you too will refer to he as master . this plantation cover many hundred of acre , and you will traverse the Texas road between the forest site and the sawmill in double time . any clever nigger on that path that get a little lightfoote , I will remind he that on one side man and bloodhound patrol the border and on the other the bayou provide a hard live , with alligator and little to eat or drink that will not kill you . no slave have escape here with he life . you be here to work nigger , so let 's commence . tibeat begin to sing the song " run nigger , run " mockingly . we cut to Solomon chopping log and into the montage of the slave do manual labor and arrive back to the sawmill . lyric for " run nigger , run " ( continued ) 42a . a61a continued : a61a oh run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away nigger run nigger fly nigger tore he shirt in two run run the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away nigger run , run so fast stove he head in a hornet nest run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away nigger run through the field Black slick coal and barley heel run nigger run the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away some folk say a nigger will not steal I catch three in my corn field one have a bushel ? and one have a peck one have a rope and it be hang around he neck run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away oh nigger run and nigger fly why in the devil can not a white man chew run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away hey Mr. pattyroller do not catch I catch that nigger behind that tree run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you ? run nigger run well you better get away nigger run , run so fast stove he head in a hornet nest run nigger run well the pattyroller will get you run nigger run well you better get away 61 ext . wood - day 61 - end of may through early JUNE , 1841 - we be in a wood area . there be a gang of slave chopping tree into timber . it be hard , laborious work make no more easy by the sweltering heat . Solomon be among they as well as Sam . 62 62 ext . wood - later the slave now load the timber onto a horse draw wagon . again , hard work do under the ever present sun . 42b . 63 ext . road - later 63 as Sam drive the wagon , the other slave trudge along side by foot . we should get the sense the travel be long and tedious . 64 ext . ford' work area - later 64 it be a sizable work area on the edge of indian Creek . there be much work be do , the slave primarily employ in pile the timber and chopping it into lumber . as before , there be little doubt about the rigor of the job at hand . work as a carpenter at the work area be JOHN tibeat . there be also various customer who move about place order . 65 65 ext . ford plantation - day - early to mid JUNE , 1841 - it 's Sunday morning . all of Ford 's slave be dress with they " finest " clothes - brightly color and as free as possible of defect . the slave be gather on ( continued ) 43. 65 continued : 65 the lawn just beyond the piazza . mistress Ford be present as well . as the slave listen , Ford read to they scripture . his tone be of a man try to preach by way of compassion . ford " but as touch the resurrection of the dead , have ye not read that which be speak unto you by God , say , I be the God of abraham , and the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob . God be not the God of the dead , but of the live . and when the multitude hear this , they be astonished at he doctrine . then one of they , which be a lawyer , ask he a question , tempting he , and say , master , which be the great commandment in the law ? Jesus say unto he , thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy mind . this be the first and great commandment . and the second be like unto it , thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself . on this two commandment hang all the law and the prophet . " despite the lightness with which Ford speak and the hope in he word , eliza sit off to the side - self-secluded a bit - weeping gently . we should be able to see in mistress Ford 's eye that eliza 's constant cry be unsettle . 66 66 omitted 67 omit 67 68 omitted 68 44 . 69 omit 69 70 ext . ford' work area - day 70 - mid JUNE , 1841 - the slave have break for lunch . they snack on smoke meat and drink water from gourd . as they lunch Solomon read from Sam 's Bible to the other slave . solomon but he that be great among you , let he be as the young ; and he that be chief , as he that doth serve . for whether be great , he that sitteth at meat , or he that serveth ? be not he that sitteth at meat ? but I be among you as he that serveth . a white customer - winslow - irate at the sight and sound of slave read scripture , cross over . he grab the Bible . winslow from where do you thieve this ? SAM suh , the book be my property . the White customer have no interest in Sam 's answer . with flail hand he start beat on SAM . Solomon try to stop he . that only make the situation worse , Solomon now the target of the man 's ire . winslow take you hand from I ! Ford come run over . ford what be the commotion ? winslow you nigger be either brazen or rebellious . this one be readin ' scripture , and this one claim it to be he . ford it be . a gift from he mistress . winslow you condone this ? ford I encourage it . as a Christian I can do no less . ( continued ) 45 . 70 continued : 70 winslow you can do no worse , Ford . a slave that read be dangerous . winslow move off . he yell back at Ford : winslow ( cont 'd ) and the man who would allow a slave to read be unfit to own nigger ! handing the Bible back to Sam , very matter of factly : ford pay he no mind . the word of God apply to all . in that you may take comfort . 71 71 omitted 72 ext . road - day 72 Sam be at the reign of the wagon carry the timber to Ford 's work area . slave trudge alongside , same as it ever be . only ... it 's not quite the same . Sam bring the wagon to a halt . he , and the slave look up the road ahead of they . stand in the middle of the road be a group of chickasaws indian . they be in they " usual " dress of buckskin breech and calico hunt shirt of fantastic color , buttone from belt to chin . they have with they dog and horse . they carry with they the carcass of a deer . the two group stare at each other for a long moment . 73 73 ext . field - dusk / end of day the group of slave and chickasaw be now intermingled . they " break bread " - actually they work on the carcass of the deer which be now roasting over a large fire . as well the group share a smoke on a pipe . one of the chickasaw be play a tune on a " indian fiddle . " the chickasaw perform a customary dance ; trot after each other , and give utterance to a guttural , sing -song noise . the slave enjoy the respite from work , Solomon particularly take by the music ... if not entirely enthralled by it . ( continued ) 46 . 73 continued : 73 after a bit , Solomon rights himself and head from the group . 74 ext . river bank - continuous 74 Solomon arrive to some tall grass at the edge of the river . lower he trousers , solomon squat to defecate . as he do , he stare out toward the flow water of indian Creek . after a few moment , as though a think far great than relieving himself have come to he , Solomon stand and replace he pants . oddly , Solomon stare out at the water as though he be a man possess . 75 75 ext . ford' work area - day just beyond the work area Solomon speak with Ford as tibeat listen . Solomon be draw in the dirt , make rough diagram for Ford as he explain himself . solomon the creek be plenty deep enough to sail , even with a boat full of load . the distance from the work area to the point on the latter bayou be several mile by water fewer than land . it occur to I that the expense of the transportation would be materially diminished -- tibeat " materially diminish ? " solomon if we use the waterway . tibeat it 's a scheme . plenty of engineer have scheme similarly . the pass be too tight . solomon I reckon they at more than twelve foot at they most narrow . Wide enough for a tub to traverse . a team of nigger can clear it out . tibeat and you know what of transport and terra formin' ? ( continued ) 47 . 75 continued : 75 solomon I labor repair the champlain canal , on the section over which William Van nortwick be superintendent . with my earning I hire several efficient hand to assist I , and I enter into contract for the transportation of large raft of timber from Lake champlain to Troy . ford ( to tibeat ) I will admit to be impressed even if you will not . ( to solomon ) collect a gang , see what good you can do . 76 76 ext . creek - day - end of JUNE , 1841 - we have a series of scene in which we see Solomon and a team of black work on the creek : chopping tree along the bank , widen out the shore ... it 's all just a trial for now . the work be diligent , but it be basic to this point . still , under Solomon 's direction , the slave go at it like they have get something to prove . and rightly they do . Solomon also work on a narrow raft of twelve crib with which he will transport the timber . once this be construct , he personally " sail " they up the creek with a test load . 77 77 ext . ford' work area - later Ford and a group of slave wait along the river bank just beyond the work area . all be expectant in they manner . a long moment pass with no sign of Solomon . then , from up river , we see Solomon 's raft of lumber wind its way . slave cheer , and Ford literally applaud the effort . tibeat look piss . he have just be show up after all . 78 78 ext . ford plantation / great house - day as we come into the scene , Ford be present Solomon with a fiddle . not as grand as the one he previously own in New York , but a fine instrument none the less . it be a gift of thanks for he hard work . Solomon 's gratitude be easily express . ( continued ) 48 . 78 continued : 78 solomon my great thanks , master Ford . ford my thanks to you , and it be the least of it . my hope be that it bring we both much joy over the year . follow the statement , Solomon 's not sure how to react . he remain grateful , but the think of " over the year " be just a reminder of the alter state in which he now find himself . 79 79 ext . ford planation / slave shack - evening - end of JULY , 1841 - the slave eat . all tired from a day work they conduct themselves in silence . all except for eliza who , slipping into permanent depression , as always weep . the sound of she sobbing edging he up - particularly after master Ford 's " over the year " observation . Solomon finally snap : solomon eliza . eliza , stop ! Solomon go to she , grab eliza . she do not stop . as if to force the misery from she , Solomon shake eliza violently . solomon ( cont 'd ) stop it ! stop ! eliza it 's all I have to keep my loss present . solomon you let yourself be overcome by sorrow . you will drow in it . eliza have you stop cry for you child ? you make no sound , but will you ever let they go in you heart ? solomon ... they be as my flesh ... ( continued ) 49 . 79 continued : 79 eliza then who be distress ? do I upset the mistress and the master ? do you care less for my loss than they well be ? solomon master Ford be a decent man . eliza he be a slaver . solomon under the circumstance -- eliza under the circumstance he be a slaver ! Christian only in he proclamation . separate I from my precious baby for lack of a few dollar . but you truckle at he boot -- solomon no ... eliza you luxuriate in he favor . solomon I survive . I will not fall into despair . woeful and crush ; melancholy be the yolk I see most . I will offer up my talent to master Ford . I will keep myself hearty until freedom be opportune . eliza Ford be you opportunity . do you think he do not know that you be more than you suggest ? but he do nothing for you . nothing . you be no better than prize livestock . call for he . call , tell he of you previous circumstance and see what it earn you ... Solomon . eliza use Solomon 's name quite pointedly as if to underscore he true self . Solomon get she meaning . yet he say nothing . again , pointedly : eliza ( cont 'd ) so , you have settle into you role as Platt , then ? solomon ( defensive ) my back be thick with scar from ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 solomon ( cont 'd ) protest my freedom . do not accuse I -- eliza I accuse you of nothing . I cannot accuse . I too have do so many , many dishonorable thing to survive . and for all of they I have end up here ... no better than if I have stand up for myself . Father , Lord and savior forgive I ... forgive I . oh , Solomon , let I weep for my child . ford ( v.o. ) at the same time come the disciple unto Jesus , say , who be the great in the kingdom of heaven ? 80 80 ext . ford plantation - morning - august , 1841 - it 's Sunday . the slave be again gather in the rise garden near the front of the house to hear the word of the Lord as read by master Ford . ford and Jesus call a little child unto he , and set he in the midst of they , and say , verily I say unto you , except ye be convert , and become as little child , ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven . the phrase seem to trigger eliza 's tear . she begin to sob uncontrollably . Mrs. Ford turn to Rachel in a hushed whisper - mrs . ford I can not have that kind of depression about . Solomon , pretend not to have hear , slowly turn to eliza with worry . Ford continue to preach over eliza 's keen . ford but whoso shall offend one of this little one which believe in I , it be better for he that a millstone be hang about he neck , and that he be drown in the depth of the sea . woe unto ( more ) ( continued ) 50a . 80 continued : 80 ford ( cont 'd ) the world because of offence ! for it must need be that offence come ; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh ! black 51 . 81 ext . ford plantation - day 81 - JANUARY , 1842 - season have pass . it be winter now , and very grey out along the bayou . Ford and tibeat - who we have see work around the work area - stand with Solomon , tibeat give Solomon a inspection . Ford carry much lament . tibeat raise yer shirt . Solomon do as instruct . tibeat look at Solomon 's back , at the scar from lashing he bear . tibeat ( cont 'd ) troublesome . ford he 's a good carpenter and quick - witted . tibeat I be familiar with he cleverness . ford you will not find a nigger more humble . tibeat ai not find a nigger yet I cai not humble . tibeat head off . Solomon , highly curious over the precede . solomon Sir , have I do something wrong ? ford not you concern , Platt . I say with much ... shame I have compile debt . I have long preach austerity , but find myself hypocritical in that regard . you will be in the ownership of Mr. tibeat . you be he now . serve he as you would serve I . solomon sir. ford and you faithfulness will not be forget . ( continued ) 52 . 81 continued : 81 solomon yes , sir . ford pride and want have be my sin . loss of you be but one of my punishment . 82 82 ext . ford planation - day - end of JANUARY , 1842 - [ over one day ] we see Solomon work as a carpenter , help to erect a weaving House that stand off to the side of the plantation 's great House . at the moment Solomon be nail on siding . tibeat arrive and be immediately dissatisfied with the work . tibeat make they board flush . solomon they be , sir . tibeat they be no such thing . Solomon run he hand over the board . solomon as smooth to the touch as a yearling 's coat . tibeat callin ' I a liar , boy ? solomon only a matter of perspective , sir . from where you stand you may see differently . but the hand be not mistaken . I ask only that you employ all you sense before rendering judgement . what 's tibeat to do when face with fact ? all he can do be spew invective . tibeat you be a brute . you be a dog , and no better for followin ' instruction . solomon I will do as order , sir . ( continued ) 53. 82 continued : 82 tibeat then you will be up at daybreak . you will procure a keg of nail from chapin and commence puttin' on clapboard . tibeat wheel away . Solomon go back to he work . after a few moment Solomon notice a bit of commotion in the drive of the great house . it involve a inconsolable eliza who be be herde by Sam onto a cart driven by a white man . mistress Ford and Rachel watch . Solomon can only watch as the last connection to he day as a free man be drive away to a location unknown . 83 83 ext . weaving house - morning it be day break . as order , Solomon be up and work . chapin be roll a keg of nail off a handcart for Solomon . chapin if tibeat prefer a different size , I will endeavor to furnish they , but you may use that until further direct . solomon yes , sir . 84 84 ext . weaving house - later as the day get on to mid-morn , the sun already baking in the sky , tibeat make he way over to Solomon . even before arrive to Solomon he mien be one of belligerence ; out of sort and something less than sober . tibeat I think I tell yah to commence to puttin ' on clapboard this mor n ' . ( continued ) 54 . 84 continued : 84 solomon yes , master . I be about it . I have begin on the other side of the house . tibeat walk around to look over Solomon 's work . he be picayune , as if purposefully look for fault . tibeat do not I tell yah last night to get a keg of nail of chapin ? solomon and so I do ; and chapin say he would get another size for you , if you want they when he come back from the field . tibeat walk to the keg and kick it . move toward Solomon " with a great passion : " tibeat goddamn yah ! I think yah know something ' ! Solomon , perhaps inspire by he moment with eliza , be in no mood for tibeat . solomon I do as instruct . if there 's something wrong , then its wrong with you instruction . tibeat yah black bastard ! yah goddman black bastard ! in a inconsolable rage , tibeat run off to the piazza to fetch a whip . Solomon look around . he be alone other than Rachel and mistress Ford who , shocked by that which she witness , run out to the field to fetch chapin . Solomon 's instinct be to run , but he stand he ground as tibeat march back whip in hand . tibeat ( cont 'd ) Strip yer clothes ! Solomon do no such thing . tibeat ( cont 'd ) Strip ! solomon I will not . with " concentrate vengeance , " tibeat spring for Solomon , seize he by the throat with one hand and ( continued ) 55 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 raise the whip with the other . before he can strike the blow , however , Solomon catch tibeat by the collar of he coat and pull he in close . reaching down , Solomon grab tibeat by the ankle and push he back with the other hand . tibeat tumble to the ground . a violent struggle take place as Solomon put a foot to tibeat throat , and then in a frenzy of madness snatch the whip from tibeat and begin to strike he with the handle again and again and again . tibeat yew will not live to see another day , nigger ! this be yer last , I swear it ! Solomon ignore the threat , continue to beat tibeat . blow after blow fall fast and heavy on tibeat 's wriggle form . the stiff stock of the whip wrap around tibeat 's cring body until Solomon 's arm aches . tibeat 's cry of vengeance turn to yelp for help and then plea for mercy : tibeat ( cont 'd ) murder ! it 's murder ! Lord , God , help I . God be merciful ! and then suddenly , tibeat shriek - tibeat ( cont 'd ) papa I be sorry ! chapin come riding in from the field fast and hard . Solomon strike tibeat a blow or two more , then deliver a well - direct kick that send tibeat roll over the ground . chapin what be the matter ? tibeat struggle up and try to present a air of dignity and control while he keep a demonic eye on solomon : solomon master tibeat want to whip I for use the nail you give I . chapin what 's the matter with the nail ? with a mix of shame , anger and embarrassment , tibeat say , as if be expose - tibeat they're ... they be too large . chapin I be overseer here . I tell Platt to use they , and ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 chapin ( cont 'd ) I shall furnish such nail as I please . do you understand that , Mr. tibeat ? tibeat answer be in the grind of he tooth and the shaking of he fist . tibeat this be not do by half . I will have flesh , and I will have all of it . tibeat move off toward , and then into the house . chapin follow . a long moment , Solomon stand alone . he look around , not sure what to do ; to stay or to flee . anxiety mount on he feature . a moment more , and tibeat exit the house . he saddle he horse and ride off to beat the devil . or , worse , to fetch he . chapin come run back out of the house . he be visibly excited , and when he speak he be quite earnest . though he try to project reason emotion he give off a air of impending trouble . chapin do not stir . do not attempt to leave the plantation on any account whatever . but if you run there be no protect you . solomon sir -- chapin if you run , Platt , there be no protect you . Rachel ...! chapin run off to join Rachel . the two converse at a distance from Solomon , then they head off for the log kitchen . Solomon be now very much alone , and he wait for what be to come . and we wait with he . and we wait , and we continue to wait ... moment by moment , the dread of the unexpected mount . Solomon 's eye begin to well . he have beat a white man , and he know that death await he . a slight prayer to the heavens begins to form in he throat , but he be too choke up to fully speak it . ( continued ) 57 . 84 continued : ( 4 ) 84 chapin have now return to the piazza . he stand and watch , but do not move to Solomon . Solomon wait , and wait ... we hear the SOUND of distant hoof which grow louder and louder in the manner of roll thunder . it 's tibeat . he return with two accomplice ; ramsay and cook . they carry with they large whip and a coil of rope . tibeat tha 's the one . tha 's he . dismount , they move with menace that be tinged with perverse pleasure and wordless malevolence . Solomon try to fight back , but he be strong armed and tie by tibeat - he wrist , and then ankle bound in the same manner . in the meantime the other two have slip a cord within Solomon 's elbow , run it across he back and tie it firmly . Solomon be then drag toward a peach tree . a lynching be in store . the naked horror of it intensely palpable . Solomon look toward the piazza , but chapin be now go . tear of fear flow down Solomon 's cheek . he be on the verge of panic ; a man head toward he own execution , he begin to struggle and fight . a rope go around Solomon 's neck , then be toss over the branch of the tree . the trio begin to hoist Solomon . he gasp and gag as spittle fly from he mouth and the life be choke from he . with suddenness , chapin come from the house brandish a pistol in each hand - colt paterson .36 caliber " holster " pistol with 9 " barrel . chapin move with determination toward the lynch mob . he be sharp and matter of fact . with the gun in hand , he really do not need to be much more demonstrative . chapin gentlemen ... whoever move that nigger another foot from where he stand be a dead man . I be overseer of this plantation seven year , and in the absence of William Ford , my duty be to protect he interest . Ford hold a mortgage on Platt of four hundred dollar . if you hang he , he lose he debt . until that be cancel you have no claim to he life . directing he attention to ramsay and cook : ( continued ) 58 . 84 continued : ( 5 ) 84 chapin ( cont 'd ) as for you two , if you have any regard for you own safety ... I say , begone ! ramsay and cook do not need to be tell twice . the pistol chapin 's grip make the situation real clear . without further word , they mount they horse and ride away . tibeat remain , and he anger with he . tibeat yah get no cause . Platt be mine , and mine to do with as I please . yah touch my property , I will ' ave yah strung up as well . tibeat mount up and depart . there be a surreal moment as chapin 's not sure what to do about Solomon . he choose to do nothing . Solomon be leave dangle by the neck from the tree as chapin call to Sam in the distance : chapin Sam ! get the mule . you must ride to master Ford . tell he to come here at once without a single moment 's delay . tell he they be try to murder Platt . hurry , boy . bring he back if you must kill the mule to do so ! SAM yes , suh ! Sam mount up and ride off , the mule demonstrate much speed . 85 85 ext . ford planation - later hour have passed . the sun be now at its apex . the sight and smell of the red rise bush be more than vivid as Solomon remain tie and dangle exactly where he be leave . the scene be both tranquil and horrific . life on the plantation continue . the other slave work in the field . child make they way playfully in the yard . it should all underscore the fact that a black , hang even partially from a tree , be nothing unusual in this time and space . ( continued ) 59 . 85 continued : 85 chapin walk back and forth with the pistol in he hand . clearly he fear tibeat return with more and better assistance . and yet , he do nothing to alleviate Solomon 's suffer . he heed tibeat word , and as though catch up in the middle of nothing more than a property dispute , he offer no further aid . Solomon 's head loll to one side . he look toward the sun . the bright light flare off the leave and branch of the tree from which Solomon hang . the glare in Solomon 's eye offer he more pain than solace , but he can not help but look upward . as he do , he eye flutter between life and lifelessness ... 86 86 omit 87 ext . ford planation - later 87 Solomon continue to hang . by now he be drench in sweat , and nearly delirious with dehydration . his lip dry and parched . he may not die from hang , but he may very well expire before the day be over . eventually Rachel come over - timidly , and as though she be act contrary to order - and offer a drink of water from a tin cup , pour it in Solomon 's mouth for he . she then take a small hand towel and dab at the water which cling to he lip . Rachel then retreat , and leave Solomon to hang . 88 88 ext . ford planation - evening the sun be just now arching for the horizon . Solomon remain , as though he torture will not end . Ford , trail by Sam , finally come riding up . he dismount , and move swiftly over to Solomon . with great heartache : ford Platt ... my poor Platt . Ford produce a blade and cut Solomon loose . Solomon attempt to carry himself , but he cannot . he fall to the ground and pass out . 89 89 int . ford planation / great house - night as we come into the scene , Solomon lay on a blanket on the floor . eventually , he eye flutter , then open . he be in the foyer of the Ford house . as he get he bearing , he look around the interior . the space be handsome , and well decorate . it be sharp contrast to the bleak surroundings , shack and dungeon Solomon have largely be accustom to during he time of slavery . it will be the " first and last time such a sumptuous rest place be grant " during he twelve year of bondage . ( continued ) 60 . 89 continued : 89 Solomon do not have much chance to luxuriate in he surroundings . he hear a dog barking just outside , and be unnerve . have tibeat return to finish what he start ? from a study , master Ford appear with a gun in hand . he go to the door , open it and look outside . he can see nothing . satisfied , Ford cross back over to Solomon . he be frank with Solomon regard the situation . ford I believe tibeat be skulkin ' about the premise somewhere . he want you dead , and he will attempt to have you so . it 's no longer safe for you here . and I do not believe you will remain passive if tibeat attack . I have transfer my debt to Edwin epp . he will take charge of you . solomon ( desperate , urgent ) master Ford , you must know ; I be not a slave . ford I can not hear that . solomon before I come to you I be a freeman . ford I be try to save you life ! and ... I have a debt to be mindful of . that , now , be to Edwin epp . he be a hard man . pride himself on be a " nigger breaker . " but truthfully I could find no other who would have you . you have make a reputation of yourself . whatever you circumstance , you be a exceptional nigger , Platt . I fear no good will come of it . 90 90 ext . master epps' plantation / back porch - day - end of JANUARY , 1842 - from the back porch , we come into the scene on edwin epps ; a repulsive and coarse man . his language give speedy and unequivocal evidence that he have never enjoy the advantage of a education . ( continued ) 61 . 90 continued : 90 epp read the Bible to he slave , eight of they altogether . abram ; a tall , older slave of about sixty year . wiley , who be forty eight . phebe , who be marry to wiley . bob and henry who be phebe 's child , edward and patsey . patsey be young , just 23 year old ... though in the era , 23 not as young as in the present day . she be the offspring of a " guinea nigger , " bring over to Cuba in a slave ship . she nearly brim with unconversant sexuality . mistress epps , epp 's wife , be also present . she sit with , hold quite lovingly , some slave child . with they she be very " motherly . " we also see epp 's overseer treach . treach constantly sport a load pistol . though epp read the word of the Lord , he lack the tone of compassion with which Ford read . epps " and that servant which know he Lord 's will ... which know he lord will and prepare not himself ... prepare not himself , neither do accord to he will , shall be beat with many stripe ... " D 'ye hear that ? " stripe . " that nigger that do not take care , that do not obey he lord - that 's he master - d'ye see ? - that 'ere nigger shall be beat with many stripe . now , " many " signifies a great many . forty , a hundred , a hundred and fifty lash ... that 's scripter ! 91 91 ext . master epps' plantation / field - day - august , 1842 - we start the scene with a pair of black hand pick cotton ferociously . as we move out , we identify patsey , a 23 year old strike black woman . the camera move out again to a wider shot . this reveal several line of slave pick cotton , with patsey way out in the lead . we cut to another pair of black hand . this time , revealing solomon , clumsy and unskill hand , pick cotton . a lash bear down on he . it be August , " cotton pick " season . we be look out over a cotton field in full bloom . it present a visual purity , like a immaculate expanse of light , new -fallen snow . the cotton grow from five to seven foot high , each stalk have a great many branch ( continued ) 62 . 91 continued : 91 shoot out in all direction and lap each other above the water furrow . there be a slave to each side of the row . they have a sack around they neck that hang to the ground , the mouth of the sack about breast high . basket be place at the end of the furrow . slave dump they sack of cotton in the basket , then pick until they sack be again fill . edward pick that cotton . move along now . the soundtrack to the scene be nothing more than the rustle of labor , the male cicadas bug " tymbal " in the heat and a spiritual sung by the slave . despite the heat , there be no stop for water . the slave be " drive " by Edward , who be himself " drive " by treach . treach c'mon . drive dem nigger . Edward move among the slave , apply the whip to they without regard . edward pick that cotton . move along now , hear ? 92 92 ext . master epps' plantation / gin house - evening the day 's work be do . the slave be now assemble in the gin house with they basket of cotton which be be weigh by treach . there be anxiety among the slave , the reason for which soon become apparent . treach two hundred forty pound for bob. epps what yah get for James ? treach two hundred ninety five pound . epps tha 's real good , boy . tha 's real good . treach one hundred eighty two pound for Platt . epp do not look happy . treach say again : ( continued ) 63. 92 continued : 92 treach ( cont 'd ) one hundred eighty two . epps how much can even a average nigger pick a day ? treach two hundred pound . epps this nigger be not even average . epp pull Solomon aside . treach five hundred twelve pound for patsey . epps five hundred twelve . yah man folk get no shame lettin ' patsey out pick yah ? the day be not yet come she swing lower than five hundred pound . Queen of the field , she be . treach two hundred six pou -- epps I be not do , treach . ai not I owed a minute to luxuriate on the work patsey do ? treach ... Sir ... epps damned Queen . bear and breed to the field . a nigger among nigger , and God give 'er to I . a lesson in the reward of righteous livin ' . all be observant to that . all ! ( beat ) now , treach . now speak . treach one hundred thirty eight pound for phebe . epps hit one forty five yesterday . pull she out . treach two hundred six pound for wiley . ( continued ) 64 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 epps how much he pick yesterday ? treach two hundred twenty nine pound . wiley be pull from the line , huddle with Solomon . 93 93 ext . master epps' plantation / yard - evening in the distance , a flog be go on . Solomon , phebe , and wiley be stripped , place in a stockade and now be give a perfunctory whipping deliver by another identified slave . 94 94 ext . master epps' plantation - evening even , but the day be not yet do . slave attend they various evening chore ; feed livestock , do laundry , cooking food . there be no respite from a slave 's charge . 95 95 int . master epps' plantation / slave shack - night a fire be kindle in the cabin . the slave finally fix they own dinner of corn meal . corn be ground in a small hand mill . the corn meal be mix with a little water , place in the fire and baked . when it be " do brown " the ash be scrape off . Bacon be fry . as the slave eat , abram go on in great length and with much emotion about General Jackson . uncle abram hold my word : General Jackson will forever be immortalize . his bravery will be hand down to the last posterity . if ever there be a stain upon " raw militia , " he do wipe away on the eight of January . I say da result a that day 's battle be of ' mo importance to we grand nation than any occurrence ' of or since . great man . great man in deed . we all need pray to heavenly Father da General reign over we always . 96 96 int . master epps' plantation / slave shack - night the slave be sleep . there be a loud commotion . epp enter , drunkenly , force the slave awake . ( continued ) 65 . 96 continued : 96 epps get up ! get up , we dance tonight ! we will not waste the evenin ' with yer laziness . get up . 97 97 int . master epps' plantation / MAIN house - night despite the lateness of the hour , the slave be up and now fully dress . they take up position in the middle of the floor . they wait , poise like actor . Solomon strike up a tune ; Henry join in with a pan flute and the slave dance . they do so very wearily . the whole of it certainly more torture than pleasure . epp , whip in hand : epps where 's yah merriment ? move yer foot . as the slave twirl about epp keep a attentive eye on patsey . it should be quite clear that he primary motivation for hold dance be so that he may view patsey twirl about the floor . this fact be not lose on mistress epp . a few moment of epp 's lust on display be all that the mistress can bear . jealousy mount , she snatch up a carafe . with all she might she throw it at patsey . it hit patsey square in the face . too thick to shatter , it leave her bloody and writhing on the floor . the dance , the music stop . the slave , however , react as though it be not the first time they have see as much from the mistress . mistress epp , scream like a hellion : mistress epps sell she ! epps c'mon , now . wha 's this ? mistress epps you will sell the negress ! epps you be talkin ' foolish . sell little pat ? she pick with more vigor than any other nigger ! choose another to go . mistress epps no other . sell she ! epps I will not ! ( continued ) 66 . 97 continued : 97 mistress epps you will remove that black bitch from this property , 'er I will take myself back to cheneyville . epps back to that hog 's trough where I find you ? oh , the idleness of that yarn wash over I . do not set yourself up against patsey , my dear . that 's a wager on which you will not profit . calm yerself . and settle for my affection , ' cause my affection you get . or , go . ' Cause I will rid myself of yah well before I do away with she ! mistress epp stand irate , lose in fury and unable to even think of what to do . eventually , optionless , she storm away . for a few beat there be only the sound of patsey sobbing . epps ( cont 'd ) that damned woman ! I will not have my mood spoiled . I will not . dance ! epp send the whip in Solomon 's direction . Solomon respond by play . treach literally drag the prone patsey from the floor , blood still spilling from she face . the slave , as order , return to dance . 98 98 ext . master epps' plantation - morning - august , 1843 - the sun have only just rise above the horizon . from the great house the horn be blown signal the start of another day . 99 99 ext . master epps' plantation / field - day slave be in the field pick cotton . they accompany they work with a spiritual . 100 ext . master epps' plantation / great house - later 100 as the slave make they way in from the field , the mistress call to Solomon . she have a piece of paper in hand . ( continued ) 67 . 100 continued : 100 mistress epps Platt ... solomon yes , mistress . mistress epps can you find you way to bartholomew 's ? solomon I can , mar 'am . handing Solomon a sheet of paper . mistress epps this be a list of goods and sundry . you will take it to be fill and return immediately . tell bartholomew to add it to we debt . solomon I will , mistress . Solomon look at the list . in a careless moment , Solomon read quietly from it . he catch himself , but not before the mistress note he action . with high inquisitiveness : mistress epps where yah from , Platt ? solomon I have tell you . mistress epps tell I again . solomon Washington . mistress epps who be yah master ? solomon master name of Freeman . mistress epps be he a learn man ? solomon I suppose so . mistress epps he learn yah to read ? ( continued ) 68 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 solomon a word here or there , but I have no understanding of the write text . mistress epps do not trouble yer self with it . same as the rest , master buy yah to work . tha 's all . and any more will earn yah a hun're lash . have deliver she cool advice , mistress head back into the house . a101 a101 ext . road - day Solomon walk along a well - wear path , shopping bag drape over one shoulder . we see he foot . as the walk slowly gather pace , Solomon suddenly turn leave into dense foliage . his tread be now a full blow sprint , tree flash past as Solomon attack he way through the wood . the sound of branch crack underneath . his foot , heartbeat and breath almost deafen . he be desperate . the violence of he advance abruptly stop , there be silence . we see in a clearance a posse of patroller , prepare for a lynching of two young man . Solomon 's eye meet theirs . the two man look back at Solomon with a look of fear as one of the patroller check the noose around they neck . suddenly the bloodhound start bark and the patroller turn in the direction of Solomon . Solomon 's whole body shake with anticipation . patroller ( aggressively ) Boy , where be you go ? solomon ( almost trip over he word ) to the store , Sir , to bartholomew 's . I be send there by mistress epp . the patroller reach out for Solomon 's free pass around he neck , yanking he forward . he look at it . patroller get there and get there quick . the patroller kick Solomon hard , send he on he way . Solomon walk on , look one more time at the two young man ; again there be a moment of connection . Solomon turn . the two man be hoist up , kick and spitting , behind he shoulder . Solomon find himself back on the trail walk towards bartholomew 's , he face now full of shock and ( continued ) 68a . a101 continued : a101 trepidation . he walk , fight to calm himself down . we move behind he as he continue he journey , a lonely figure . 101 int . bartholomew be - later 101 a general store in the township of holmesville . Solomon stand at the counter as bartholomew fill mistress epp 's order . among the item set before Solomon be a quantity of foolscap . the item be collect for Solomon and place in a sack . Solomon give little think to they other than get they back to the mistress . as he turn , he glimpsis the regalia of slave restraint , of all different guise ; chain , muzzle for sale . 102 102 ext . master epps' plantation / great house - later Solomon return and deliver the item to the mistress . mistress epps any trouble ? solomon no , mar 'am . no trouble . 103 103 omit - move to a105 104 ext . shaw' house - day 104 - JULY , 1844 - sitting on the Grand house 's piazza , patsey be have tea with mistress harriet shaw , who be a black woman . though once a slave , she be now comparatively refine though not wholly so . the table where they sit be adorn with white linen , and they be attend by a house nigger . it make for a tranquil surreal scene . master shaw , a white man , be on the lawn grooming a horse . 69 . a105 ext . road - day a105 Solomon be run flat out along the road . running as though he life depend on get to he destination in beyond a timely manner . b105 ext . shaw' house - day b105 still run , slick with sweat , Solomon come upon the shaw house . as Solomon arrive : master shaw Platt epp , good Sunday morning . solomon good morning , master Shaw . I have be send by master to retrieve patsey . May I approach ? master shaw you may . Solomon make he way over to the piazza . solomon Excuse I , mistress Shaw . mistress shaw nigger Platt . solomon my apology . patsey , master wish you to return . patsey sabbath day . I 's free to roam . solomon understood . but the master send I run to fetch you , and say no time should be waste . mistress shaw drink tea ? solomon thank you , mistress , but I do not dare . mistress shaw would you know massa epp 's consternation to be any lessen wit you timely return ? sit. sit and drink the tea that offer . ( continued ) 70 . b105 continued : b105 Solomon know better , but he sit and the mistress have tea pour for he . mistress shaw ( cont 'd ) what and be epp 's concern ? solomon ... I would rather not say ... mistress shaw l'il gossip on the sabbath be fine . all thing in moderation . Solomon be not sure what to say . he struggle to be as diplomatic as possible . solomon as you be aware , master epp can be a man of a hard countenance . there be time when it be impossible to account for he logic . you know he have ill feeling toward you husband . mistress shaw he do . solomon master epp have somehow come to believe , as incorrectly as it may be , that master Shaw be ... that he be something of a lothario and a unprincipled man . a misguide belief bear out of they mutual competition as planter , no doubt . mistress shaw no doubt ... if not bear outta truth itself . the mistress wave to Shaw . Shaw , unsuspecting of the conversation , wave back . solomon I be certain patsey 's well be be master epp 's only concern . mistress shaw nothin ' epp desire come outta concern . solomon I mean no disrespect . mistress shaw he be not hear you . ( continued ) 71 . b105 continued : ( 2 ) b105 solomon I mean no disrespect to you , mistress . mistress shaw ha ! you worry for I ? get no cause to worry for my sensibility . I be not feel the end of a lash in ' mo year than I cain recall . ai not work a field , neither . where one time I serve , now I get other servin ' I . the cost to my current existence be massa Shaw broadcasting he affection , and I enjoyin ' he pantomime of fidelity . if that what keep I from the cotton pickin ' nigger , that what it be . a small and reasonable price to be pay ' of sure . look toward patsey , speak with great empathy : mistress shaw ( cont 'd ) I know what it like to be the object of massa 's predilection and peculiarity . and I know they can get express with kindness or wit violence . a lusty visit in the night , or a visitation from the whip . and wit my experience , if and I can give comfort , then comfort I give . and you take comfort , patsey ; the good Lord will manage epp . in his own time the good Lord will manage dem all . yes , lordy , there 's a day comin ' that will burn as a oven . it comin ' as sure as the Lord be just . when his will be do ... the curse on the pharos be a poor example of all that wait ' of the plantation class . mistress Shaw turn she head to the side , catch a slave 's attention . as she do so , the slave , a young woman , commence to pour tea . as if to punctuate she think , the mistress take a sip of she tea . 105 105 ext . epps' plantation - later Solomon and patsey be return from Shaw 's . wait on the porch of the great House , a drunk epp beckon for patsey , he lewd intention obvious . ( continued ) 72 . 105 continued : 105 epps pat ...! patsey ! solomon do not look in he direction . continue on . epp do not care to be ignore . he lift himself and move toward the pair in a rage . epps patsey ...! Solomon move between epp and patsey , cut epp off as patsey continue on . play up he " ignorance " of the situation : solomon found she , master , and bring she back just as instruct . epps what would you jus now tell she ? what would you say to pat ? solomon no word be speak . none of consequence . epps lie ! damned liar ! saw you talkin ' with 'er . tell I ! solomon I can not speak of what do not occur . epp grab Solomon . epps I will cut you black throat . Solomon pull away from epp , ripping he shirt in the process . epp give chase . Solomon begin to run around the large pig sty , easily keep he distance . epp , however be undeterred . he move after Solomon as speedily as he can , which be not very speedily at all . and quickly he tire . epp be force to bend over and suck air . Solomon maintain he distance , barely breathe hard . his breath return to he , epp start up the chase again . Solomon run on out of reach . shortly , epp again stop , get he breath ... and now in what should be quite comical , epp again run after Solomon . again , epp 's vigor leave he before he can even get close to the slave . drop down to the dirt , in a show of regret and piety : ( continued ) 73. 105 continued : ( 2 ) 105 epps ( cont 'd ) Platt ... Platt , liquor fill I . I admit that it do , and I do over react . it 's the Lord 's day . ai not nothin' Christian in we carryin ' on like this . help I to my foot , and let we both pray to the Lord for forgiveness . epp extend a hand to Solomon . cautiously , Solomon move close , but not too close . as Solomon draw within strike distance , epp lunge for he . he chase Solomon on until he be again out of breath and once more drop down . and again offer a treaty : epps ( cont 'd ) I be all do in , Platt . I have meet my limitation , and I be not equal to them . I concede to yah , but in the name of valor , help yer master to he foot . Solomon cautiously move closer to help . again he be attack by epp - this time by knife . sort of . epp be too drunk and tired to fully open the fold blade - and chase far around the field by epp . all of the preceding should be more funny than shocking . a change of pace from the otherwise necessary bleakness of slave life . mistress epp come run from the house to the pair . mistress epps what ? wha 's the fuss ? solomon a misunderstanding be all . it begin when I be send to retrieve patsey from where she would take sabbatical at master Shaw 's . upon return , master epp believe patsey and I to be in conversation when we be not . I try to explain , but it lead to all this . mistress epps what be it ? ya cai not remain the sabbath without she under you eye ? ya be a no-account bastard . epps hold a moment ... mistress epps a filthy , godless heathen . my bed be too holy for yah to share . ( continued ) 74 . 105 continued : ( 3 ) 105 epps wha 's ... wha 's he be tellin ' yah ? mistress epps of yer misbegotten way . epps and he would know what of anythin ' ? I be not even speak with he today . Platt , yah lyin' nigger , have I ? have I ? discretion be the better part and all , Solomon remain silent . epps ( cont 'd ) there ; there 's all the truth he get . damned nigger . damn yah . epp push he way past the mistress . 106 106 ext . master epps' plantation / field - day - august , 1844 - with the sun yet again high in the sky the slave be work the field pick cotton . as before they sing a spiritual , the only thing that distract they from the tedium at hand . but there be no distracting from the heat . we see Henry begin to falter before it ... and eventually collapse right in the dirt . though the other slave take note , none move to help he . none dare . from treach rather matter of factly : treach get he water . Edward run to fetch a gourd . he carry it to Henry , dump the water on he , but doe not actually give henry anything to drink . rouse , Henry rights himself . edward go'won . git up . unsteadily , Henry lift himself and go back to pick cotton . he join in again with the spiritual , as if the song be all that can keep he go . 107 107 int . master epps' plantation / slave shack - night - october , 1844 - ( continued ) 75 . 107 continued : 107 the slave be asleep . epp arrive , again without knock , with he whip in hand . the slave stir . uncle abram asks : uncle abram we dance tonight , massa ? epp remain quietly focus on patsey . and it 's clear from she apprehensive expression just what it be he 's come look for . this time there be no escape it . as if to acknowledge the badness to come , phebe lightly cry . 108 108 ext . master epps' plantation / smoke house - night on top of a wood pile , in the back of the smoke house - epp shove patsey . he stop , stand as if gather he manhood , then he 's all over patsey . he be rough and clumsy . it look like something between a awkward rape and a virgin attempt he first sexual encounter . patsey do not respond in any way other than to continually turn she head from epp , but otherwise remain as still as possible . if there be such a thing , she be vicious with she passive aggressiveness . epp 's frustration mount until - as the mistress Shaw have caution - he cross the line from passion to violence . he begin slapping patsey to get a response from she . when that fail , he punch she which only lead to he take up he whip and lash patsey mercilessly . still , she give he nothing . beaten , patsey sit in the dirt among the cotton , epp deep breathe above she . the desire for sex now have leave he . epp head from the field . patsey be leave where she be . 109 109 int . bartholomew be - day - november , 1844 - as before , Solomon wait as bartholomew fill mistress epp order . among the item set before Solomon be another quantity of foolscap . 110 110 ext . road - day Solomon be make he way back to the epp plantation . he carry with he a sack fill with the goods from the store . as he walk , solomon look around casually . when he be certain he be alone , he set down the sack , open it and appropriate a single sheet of the paper which he fold and place in he pocket . that do , he cinch up the sack and continue on he way . 76 . 111 omit 111 112 int . epps' plantation / slave shack - day 112 Solomon take the slip of paper and hide it within he fiddle . perhaps the safest place he can think of . he act as though he 's hide away find gold . in reality it 's more than that . for Solomon the paper be a first step toward freedom . 113 113 int . master epps' plantation / MAIN house - night - december , 1844 - it 's another night of epp 's force revelry . come in quick from the previous scene , we go from Solomon hold he fiddle , to play it as the slave be again make to dance . mistress epp bring out a tray of freshly baked pastry . she set they down on a table . mistress epps a moment from the dance . come sample what I baked for y'all . the slave , thankful for the rest as much as the food , file toward the tray recite a chorus of " thank you , mistress . " as patsey move toward the pastry : mistress epps ( cont 'd ) there will be none for you , patsey . patsey merely turn away . her non responsiveness , however , serve only to incite the mistress . scream : mistress epps ( cont 'd ) yah see that ? do yah see the look of insolence she give I ? epps see nothin ' but she turn away . mistress epps be you blind or ignorant ? it be hot , hateful scorn . it fill that black face . yah tell I yah do and see it , then yah choose not to look , or yah sayin ' I lie . epps whatever it be , it pass . mistress epps be that how yah be with the nigger ? let every ill think fester inside them . look at them . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . 113 continued : 113 mistress epps ( cont 'd ) they foul with it ; foul with they hate . you let it be , it will come back to we in the dark a night . yah want that ? yah want they black animal to leave we gut like pig in we own sleep ? epp be not sure how to respond to the inchoate berate . it 's a invitation for the mistress to continue . mistress epps ( cont 'd ) you be manless . a damned eunuch if ever there be . and if yah will not stand for I , I would pray you would at least be a credit to yer own kind and beat every foul think from them . epp do nothing . the mistress let she anger loose . she move quickly to patsey , drive her nail into the patsey' face and draw they down across her feature . five deep and bloody gashes be left in patsey' skin , the moment mark with appropriate scream . patsey collapse on the floor , cover she bleed face . mistress epps ( cont 'd ) beat it from them ! thoroughly cuckold by the mistress 's action , epp take he whip and pull patsey out of the house . his intention be plain . all the slave remain silent . the mistress , however , display high satisfaction , entreat the other : mistress epps ( cont 'd ) eat . fill yourselves . ... and then we dance . the slave eat , but without a hint of levity . 114 114 int . master epps' plantation / slave shack - night we come up on the slave who lay sleep . all except for patsey . she rise from she bedding , go to a corner of the cabin and remove something from a secretive location . she then move over to Platt . patsey Platt ... Platt , you awake ? solomon I be . patsey I have a request ; a act of kindness . ( continued ) 78 . 114 continued : 114 patsey display what she take from hide . it be a lady finger ring . patsey ( cont 'd ) I secrete it from the mistress . solomon return it ! patsey it yours , Platt . solomon for what cause ? patsey all I ask : end my life . take my body to the margin of the swamp -- Solomon look at patsey as though she be insane . solomon no . patsey take I by the throat . hold I low in the water until I 's still and without life . bury I in a lonely place of dyin' . solomon no ! I will do no such thing . the ... the gory detail with which you speak -- patsey I think on it long and hard . solomon it be melancholia , nothing more . how do such despair even come to you ? patsey how can you not know ? I get no comfort in this life . if I cai not buy mercy from yah , I will beg it . solomon there be other . beg they . patsey I be begging you ! solomon why ? why would you consign I to damnation with such a un - godly request ? ( continued ) 79 . 114 continued : ( 2 ) 114 patsey there be God here ! God be merciful , and he forgive merciful act . wo not be no hell for you . do it . do what I be not get the strength to do myself . Solomon say nothing . clearly he 's not about to do the deed . with nothing else to do , know she be damned with every breath she draw , patsey crawl back to she spot on the floor and lay herself down . black 115 115 ext . master epps' plantation / field - day - JULY , 1846 - hard time on the planation . where previously the field in bloom be a carpet of white , it be now patchy and under grow . the slave move through the field pick not cotton , but rather cotton worm from the plant . the cotton worm have dine on the cotton and nearly destroy the crop . we see the cotton worm in extreme close - up , move among and destroy the cotton crop . epp be beside himself as he look out over he ruin field . epps it be a plague . treach ( o.s. ) cotton worm . epps a plague ! it 's damn biblical . two season God do send a plague to smite I . I be near ruination . why , treach ? what I do that God hate I so ? do I not preach his word ? treach ( o.s. ) the whole bayou sufferin' . epps I do not care nothin ' fer the damn bayou . I be sufferin' . epp look among he slave at work , he enmity grow . epps ( cont 'd ) it 's that godless lot . they bring this on I . I bring ' they ( more ) ( continued ) 80 . 115 continued : 115 epps ( cont 'd ) God 's word , and heathen they be , they brung I God 's scorn . craze , epp run into the field , take himself from slave to slave deliver a whipping to all he can lay he hand on . epps ( cont 'd ) damn you ! damn you all ! damn you ! 116 116 re-omit 117 ext . judge turner' plantation - evening 117 - october , 1846 - Henry , Bob , uncle abram and Solomon sit in the back of a cart . solomon have he fiddle with he . epp have deliver the man to judge turner , a distinguished man and extensive planter whose large estate be situate on bayou salle within a few mile of the gulf . epp and Turner stand off to one side engage in bargain as Henry , Bob , uncle abram and Solomon wait and watch . one of the slave whisper under they breath . epps ' slave I hear cut cane be twice as hard as pick cotton . bob but at least we will be away from master epp . uncle abram Boy , you two have no sense . epp return to he slave and give a parting salutation . epps yer judge Turner 's for the season . more if need be , until my crop return . yah will bring no disrespect to I , and yah will bring no biblical plague to he . be decent , ere mark my word , I will deliver a ungodly whippin' . 118 118 int . slave shack - night ( continued ) 81 . 118 continued : 118 slave be cramme into the shack - literally on top of each other - as they try to sleep . some lay , some sit up . pack in like cattle , there be barely room to move let alone draw a deep , clean breath . there be a real risk of suffocating in the mass . some cough and wheeze . a child cry ... among they be Solomon who must believe at this point that he life have reach its very lowest point . the odd of survival be slight , let alone the chance of actually ever return to he family . this clearly weigh on he as he struggle to find anything like comfortable space in the pen . 119 119 ext . cane field - day a overseer be explain to the new slave - solomon among they - how to cultivate cane . with a knife in hand he demonstrate the process : overseer draw the cane from the rick , cut the top and flag from the stalk , understand ? leave only that part which be sound and healthy . cast off the rest ... 120 120 ext . cane field - day - november , 1846 - about thirty slave be work the field . they be divide into three gang . the first which draw the cane , the next lay the cane in the drill , the last then hoe the row after . Solomon be among a gang that draw and cut , and he move with speed and skill . certainly more so than he display pick cotton . stand with he overseer , judge Turner watch . 121 121 int . slave shack - night again , the slave have be herde into the shack and press together . as he try to rest - sleep be nearly impossible - Solomon find himself face to face with a woman , anna . she be awake . for a few beat she avoid eye contact with Solomon . she seem , like Solomon , to be unaccustom to she surroundings and horribly frighten by they . eventually she eye meet solomon' . she make no sound , but great apprehension spill from she eye . whatever 's next , whatever horror await , she can barely stand to face . fear , proximity ... they drive she hand ( continued ) 81a . 121 continued : 121 to solomon' . after a moment of seemingly reacquaint herself with genuine human contact , the woman take ( continued ) 82. 121 continued : ( 2 ) 121 solomon' hand and presses it to her breast . Solomon try to jerk he hand away , but anna hold it in place . manipulate Solomon 's hand , she begin to massage she breast . Solomon take no real pleasure in the act - really , neither do Anna . there should be a true sense anna be just so very , very desperate for human contact , for the need to feel alive and like a person rather than a animal that emotionally she be willing to engage solomon . the need quickly compound . Anna press she lip to solomon' . eventually , she direct he hand beneath her dress and between her legs . Solomon , with slightly more compassion than a guy make union wage , begins to manipulate anna with he hand . the act remain more perfunctory than passionate . we can see Anna move toward climax and eventual release . but more - or substantially less - than joyous sex , it be really just a drug-like inoculation against reality . but the feel quickly fade . all that remain , as with most chance encounter , be regret . and there be shame , too . this be put on display as Anna turn away from Solomon . as quickly as it begin , it be as though the act have not happen at all . 122 122 omit 123 ext . judge turner' plantation / great house - evening 123 Solomon wait outside the house on the porch . a house servant - zachary - approach and admonish Solomon . zachary off the porch . get off . like a dog shooe away , Solomon step down . eventually judge Turner exit the house and cross to Solomon . solomon ... Sir ... judge turner Platt be it ? have you cultivate cane previously ? solomon no , sir , I have not . judge turner you take to it quite naturally . be you educate ? ( continued ) 83. 123 continued : 123 solomon niggers be hire to work , not to read and write . Turner give that a bit of consideration as he give Solomon a wary look over . judge turner you play the fiddle ? solomon I do . judge turner willard yarney , a planter up the bayou , celebrate he anniversary in a three week 's time . I will hold out you name to he . what you earn be yours to keep . solomon sir. judge turner mind yourself , Platt . solomon yes , sir . 124 ext . turner plantation - later ( move from 124 ) 124 work over , the slave congregate to eat . as Solomon eat , he take note of the juice from some berry on he plate . 125 ext . turner' plantation - evening ( move from 125 ) 125 Solomon play with a piece of cane , fashion it into some kind of write tool , testing it in the mud . he then brushes over the dirt with he hand . 84 . 126 ext . turner plantation - night ( move from 126 ) 126 secrete away out near the edge of the bayou and sit by a small fire , Solomon take the slip of paper from he fiddle . it be yellow , show age , but still usable . dipping the piece of cane - a quill - into the crush berry , Solomon attempt to write a bit on the paper . the berry juice , too free-flowing , be unusable as ink . Solomon return the paper to the fiddle . he have some scrap of food with he , which he snack on . a127 a127 omitted a127a int . slave shack - day a127a we see a sharp object scratch onto a surface . the tool move on to form another mark . the sound be repetitive and almost unbearable . as we move out , we see the name Anne , Margaret , alonzo . they be engrave onto the violin , in the hide area where Solomon would rest he chin . Solomon look at it for a moment , move he fingertip across the engrave . his face full of loss . sadly , he lift he instrument under he chin and lean he head to the side as if to play . 127 int . yarney' house - evening 127 a party have commence at the noble home of one mr . yarney . a group of reveler have gather and be on the dance floor , in fancy dress . they face be cover with a variation of decorative mask . the party be a feast of celebration . as entertainment , solomon accompanies a group of musician , no more than three . and as he do so , they all play with jovial liveliness . clearly a good time be be have by all . 128 128 ext . road - night his play do for the evening , Solomon be return to judge Turner 's on foot . there be only the moonlight with which to light the way . as he walk , Solomon eat from a hearty chuck of bread . obviously part of he haul from the evening . Solomon again hear noise come from the brush just up ahead of he . Solomon tear off some of the bread , kneel and hold it out before he . solomon c'mere . c'mon , boy . ( continued ) 85 . 128 continued : 128 this time , there be no dog . instead , from the dark and the brush step two black men . Solomon stand . he look the man over - they clothes tatter and they themselves cover in dirt . it become quite clear they be not just slave . a fact confirm when they step menacingly toward Solomon , one with a shiv in hand . at first it seem they want Solomon 's food or money . worse , they go for he fiddle . Solomon have but a moment to brace himself before he be attack , taking a CUT to the arm . Solomon fight back , picking up a pine knot and strike he attacker over the head . that take the fight out of he , and both man retreat back the way they come leave Solomon be . a129 a129 ext . turner plantation - night outside of the slave shack Solomon 's wound tend by uncle abram . as he work on it : uncle abram runaways I would expect . the bayou full with them . they nothin' 'mo dangerous than a nigger in flight . solomon they act out of desperation . uncle abram Act outta lunacy . head fulla storey ' bout life up north . yah ever be north , Platt ? solomon ... no ... uncle abram and never should yah be . I hope that yah never bear witness the sorry condition of the northern black . get neither no purpose , nor direction . they jus ... they jus fall about the street in search of sustenance of both body and spirit . solomon you know this to be so ? uncle abram two of my massas tolt I . ( continued ) 86 . a129 continued : a129 129 omit 129 130 ext . turner plantation - night 130 - february /march , 1847 - alone out on the edge of the bayou , Solomon be play a low air on he violin while snacking on scrap of bacon . as he play , something appear in the distance . from the edge of the bayou , come forth like a apparition arisen from the earth , be celeste . she be a young woman of about 19 year of age and far whiter than most black . " it require close inspection to distinguish in her feature the slightest trace of african blood . " Beyond that , she be pale and haggard , but still lovely . dress in a white gown , she emerge from the water . draped on she dress , she period . a line in she skirt . it 's very visible , but not shocking . a ribbon of red in she dress . celeste move to Solomon without fear or hesitation . as Solomon , startle , take she in , celeste say quite plainly : celeste I be hungry . give I food . solomon who be you ? celeste I be hungry . Solomon give celeste some of he food . celeste , famish , devour it . solomon what be you name ? celeste my name be celeste . solomon what be you circumstance ? celeste I belong to massa carey , and ' ave be two day among da palmetto . celeste be sick and cai not work , and would rather die in the swamp ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . 130 continued : 130 celeste ( cont 'd ) than be whipped to death by the overseer . so I take myself away . massa 's dog will not follow I . the patroller ' ave try to set dem on I . but dey a secret between dem and celeste , and dey will not mind the devilish order of the overseer . celeste lift she head from the food on which she gnaw . celeste ( cont 'd ) do you believe I ? solomon yes . celeste why ? solomon there be some whose track the hound will refuse to follow . celeste give I more food . I be starvin' . solomon this be all my allowance for the rest of -- celeste give it to I . almost as if compel , Solomon do as order . as she eat , celeste aggrandize herself : celeste ( cont 'd ) most slave escape at night . the overseer be alert for such chicane . but celeste trick dem and alight in the middle of the day wit the sun up at its high . the place of my concealment now deep in the swamp , not half a mile from massa 's plantation , and a world apart . a world a tall tree whose long arm make of ' a canopy so dense dey keep away even the beam of the sun . it twilight always in celeste 's world , even in the brightest day . I will live there , and I will live freely . the overseer be a cowardly lot . dey will not go where they dog show fear and where it always be night . other will join I in the twilight , and we be not gunna be slave no ' mo forever . ( continued ) 88. 130 continued : ( 2 ) 130 Solomon be not sure what to say . before he can say anything : celeste ( cont 'd ) celeste will come to you again in the night . you will have food for she . celeste depart the way she come ; as though she be a vision . 131 131 int . judge turner' plantation / food storage - night Solomon stealthfully make he way into the storage shed . dried and smoke meat be hang , and mill corn be about . take out a handkerchief , Solomon begin to load it with food . not too much . not so much he thievery will be readily notice , but he do avail himself . 132 132 ext . turner plantation - night Solomon play he violin , but play it with a anxious nature as he wait . then , as before , a figure appear in the distance . it be celeste come out of the night . she make she way directly to Solomon . with no greeting , she say : celeste I be hungry . Solomon give celeste the handkerchief he 's fill . she open it , and begin to devour the food . as she eat : celeste ( cont 'd ) I be rude , and do not even ask yo name . solomon Platt . ( beat ) Solomon . Solomon be my true and free name . celeste be you free ? solomon I be . I be . Solomon expose he wrist , display he tattoo as he announce : solomon ( cont 'd ) I remain free in my heart . ( continued ) 89 . 132 continued : 132 give a laugh as though it 's the silliest thing she 's heard : celeste free heart mean nothin if and yo body gunna die a slave . solomon I will not . celeste how ? celeste know you be not gunna run . celeste know it be not you nature . solomon I have a plan . I have a letter . celeste a letter ? how will yah mail da letter ? who yah trust to post it ? a nigger that can read and write be a nigger that will hang . there be a pause . Solomon can not answer this question . it be the glaring hole in he plan . have finish eat : ( continued ) 90 . 132 continued : ( 2 ) 132 celeste ( cont 'd ) celeste will come again in de night . you will bring she ' mo food . solomon I risk discovery to take more . celeste you will bring celeste ' mo food . and with that celeste again move back into the darkness . 133 133 omit 134 omit 134 135 ext . turner plantation - evening 135 Solomon be pick at the bark off a white maple . 136 ext . turner plantation - evening 136 in a tin cup , over a fire , Solomon boil the white maple bark in just a bit of water . 137 int . judge turner' plantation / slave cabin - night 137 as other sleep , by the light of die coal , Solomon use the quill to test the boil bark . the liquid hold as a form of ink . it be no ? t ideal , but it be legible on the page . armed with this , Solomon write he letter . 138 138 ext . turner plantation - night Solomon sit with celeste . he relate he news to she . solomon I have my letter . celeste yah have you freedom then ? solomon all that remain be to contrive measure by which the letter can safely be deposit in the post office . when celeste speak she be quite melancholy . ( continued ) 91 . 138 continued : 138 celeste I have resolve to return to my massa . Solomon give a unnerve look . this be not good news . solomon be it more food you need ? celeste I live in fear . solomon none will come after you in the swamp . celeste it be not the patroller I scared of ... at all season the howling of wild animal can be hear at night along the border of the swamp . at first they call be welcomin' . dey too be free , and I think dey greet I like a sistah . lately , dey cry have turn horrifyin' . they mean to kill celeste . solomon the solitude play trick . it 's you impression , nothing more . if you go back to you master you could face the same . celeste my freedom be nothin ' but a daydream . so be celeste 's thought of slave conjoinin ' in the bayou . solomon better the loneliness . you have be free most of the summer . return now and you master will make example of you . celeste it be lonely dwellin ' wait for other who will not never come . ( continued ) 92 . 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 solomon go north . make you way by night ... celeste it will only be worse if and celeste do not go back of she own will . solomon you will not be catch . the dog will not track you . you be ... you be unique . celeste ... celeste you get alternative , Solomon . solomon to return be to die ! celeste celeste get no one to write a letter to . as if to punctuate she resolve , without a word more celeste depart toward the swamp . Solomon start on into the swamp after she . solomon celeste ... celeste ! Solomon continue after celeste , wading deeper into the dark night and murky water . solomon ( cont 'd ) celeste , I will guide you north ! wait , and I will take you . celeste be too nimble . she outpace Solomon , continue on and disappear into the night . solomon ( cont 'd ) let I take you ! let I go with you ! Solomon run on , then splashes to a stop . he stumble around disorient , call into the blackness : solomon ( cont 'd ) celeste ... nothing . no answer . not a human one . there be sound and echoe - some in the distance , some perhaps move closer - which , moment by moment , become more and more frightening . soon , Solomon realize he be in quite literally over he head ; the water first chest deep , then neck deep . with no way to orient himself , no mean to guide he in the dark , Solomon 's reserve begin to crumble . he thrashes in the water try to find he way ( continued ) 93. 138 continued : ( 3 ) 138 back to shore . no longer try to save celeste , Solomon call to she - desperately - for assistance . solomon ( cont 'd ) celeste ! come to I , celeste ! in that moment Solomon be quite certain he be nearly do ; that he will not find land , nor aid and that this be he final moment . his panic should be that tangible . it be either force of will , or survival instinct ... or maybe just pure luck that carry Solomon on until he reach first muddy ground , then firm foot . hauling himself onto the swamp edge , Solomon finally collapse in a drench , wear heap . his life spare , but celeste never to be see again . black 139 139 ext . epps' plantation - day - may / JUNE , 1847 - we come up now outside of master epp 's plantation . epp stand in the drive . he 's in surprisingly good spirit as Solomon , uncle abram , Henry and Bob trudge they way wearily toward epp and he other slave who be gather . the cotton field be in full bloom , the crop fully return . epps a joyous day . a joyous day . Dark time be behind we . clean livin ' and prayer do lift the plague . indicating to the cotton : epps ( cont 'd ) as thick and white as New England snow . ' N now my nigger be return to I . ( to solomon ) Heard judge Turner give you favor . oh , do you beguile he , Platt , with you slick nigger way ? well , yah will not stand idle , boy . not on my land . much work to do . day of old long since , eh ? joyous ! joyous indeed ! throughout epp 's welcome , Solomon 's focus be on patsey who be line up with the other slave . she be now more haggard than when we last saw her . her face and arm display many new scar . it 's clear that in the intervene year she have quite literally be a whipping boy for epp and the mistress . 94 . 140 ext . epps' plantation / cotton field - day 140 - JULY , 1847 - the slave be out work on the field . White hand appear , pick cotton : armsby . he be wholly unskill at pick cotton , and he put little effort into the job . as we meet he he seem a decent sort if a little short on self- motivation . in anachronistic terminology , he would be call a " slacker . " he join in with the slave , sing a spiritual . 141 141 int . master epps' plantation / gin house - evening as epp say , it be day of long since . the slave be back to have they cotton weigh in the gin House epps wiley ...? treach two hundred sixty pound . epps Bob ? treach Three hundred forty pound for bob. epps patsey ? treach five hundred twenty pound . epps tha 's a girl . do not never let I down . Platt ? treach one hundred sixty pound . before treach be even do announce the weight , epp have pull Solomon aside to where uncle abram already await he fate . epps armsby ? treach sixty four pound . epp speak to armsby sternly , but nothing of the manner in which he would address the slave . ( continued ) 95 . 141 continued : 141 epps a good day labor would average two hundred pound . armsby yes , sir . epps I be sure in time y'll develope as a picker , but it take effort , boy . put some damn effort into it . armsby yes , sir . to treach , regard Solomon and abram : epps take them out . get to whippin' . no force be need . the slave understand the situation . they follow treach out of the gin house . 142 142 ext . epps' plantation / slave shack - night we come in after the punishment have be deal . patsey tend to uncle abram 's back as armsby apply liniment to solomon' . as he do , armsby muse : armsby it 's a tragedy . how do such come to pass ? work a field and pick cotton like a lowly hand . I be of a damn sight better station . and my desire never lack for a grandiose component , though I will admit they have at time be short on ingenuity . but only at time . I have work as a overseer , you know . solomon I do not , sir . armsby not " sir . " just armsby . not owed more than any other in the field . I work plantation from Virginia , down into Alabama . I could manage easy a hundred slave and have do so . but to toil in the field ? never think that would come to pass . never . but time be desperate . where once I have say " no " to epp and he merger offering , I return cap ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . 142 continued : 142 armsby ( cont 'd ) in hand . ... look at what I have become . solomon how do you arrive at such a place , if I may ask ? armsby ask . it 's just conversation . from a pocket armsby produce a flask . armsby ( cont 'd ) I become a little too dependant on the whisky , a little too undependable on the job . before you say I be just a sorry drunkard , let I state my case : as reliable employment as oversee be , it 's no easy chore on the spirit . I say no man of conscious can take the lash to another human day in , and day out without shredd at he own self . take he to a place where he either make excuse within he mind to be unaffected ... or find some way to trample he guilty sensation . well , I trample . armsby take a drink . armsby ( cont 'd ) and with frequency . solomon where be you place of birth ? armsby maryland . have you travel there ? solomon ... I can not say that I have . armsby Fine country . more seasonal than the bayou . a deal less humid . solomon why do you leave it ? armsby to make my fortune , of course . I give in to tale of wealth and prosperity that be the lore of the southern state : all that 's need be a patch of land and a few good grow season . cotton , ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . 142 continued : ( 2 ) 142 armsby ( cont 'd ) or tobacco . and then locating a proper bank in which to store you rich . but such profitable outcome be reserve for the plantation master . it 's the lot of the rest of we to serve . so I settle on be a overseer , and fail as well at that . in the meantime my dream give way to reality . now , I want nothing more than to earn a decent wage . ( beat ) and get myself home . armsby take another drink and lean back . 143 143 int . master epps' plantation / slave shack - morning - august , 1847 - we again hear the sound of the horn blowing signal the start of the work day for the slave . 144 ext . master epps' plantation / field - day 144 with the sun yet again high in the sky the slave be work the field pick cotton . as before they sing a spiritual , the only thing that distract they from the tedium at hand . but there be no distracting from the heat . we see uncle abram begin to falter and finally drop down to the ground . treach call to Edward : treach get he water . Edward run to fetch water which he carry to abram and dump on he ... but abram doe not rise . doe not move . at this point , the sound of the sing from the other taper off as they realize abram be not get up . 145 145 ext . master epps' plantation / slave cemetery - later we be beyond the main of the plantation , the cotton field in the background . we be at the slave ' cemetery , a mixture of crude cross and unsettle ground . Solomon , Bob and Henry , now much visually older than when we first see they , be digging a grave in the dirt . the uncover body of abram lay near . have dig down a appropriate distance , the three man take the body and , very unceremoniously , place it into the ground . holding ( continued ) 98 . 145 continued : 145 the shovel in he hand , and rest it by he foot , Bob tilt he head down and close he eye . the other do the same . almost stutteringly , not really know what to say -- bob I just want to say something about uncle abram . he be a good man and he always look out for we since we be little . God bless he . God love he . and God keep he . that do , they begin to cover it with dirt . it be all the more of a funeral that abram will receive . 146 146 omit 147 omit 147 a148 ext . master epps' plantation / slave cemetery - later a148 a female voice appear out of the blackness and begin to sing solo , " go down to the river Jordan . " a response of " oh yeah " quickly follow . again the singer continue , " where John baptize three . " the same face we have see on epp ' plantation , but now fill with rapture , appear . it 's as if the voice have create a new form of awaken and presence . it seem to transcend and translate in a strange way , joy . a joy which have un - yet be see on screen . a joy which have be hide , but a joy which be undoubtedly there . it 's captivate , infectious . this should be a move part of the film , which stir the audience and , for a moment , relieve they of the seemingly chastise environment . the singer continue , " well some say John be a Baptist , some say John be a Jew , but I say John be a preacher , because the Bible say so too , preach on johnny . " and with that , the rest of the congregation chant " I believe . oh , I believe . " 148 148 int . epps' plantation / wood - night Solomon go to retrieve the SMALL package from under a rock at the base of a tree . Solomon return the letter to hide . he take the money with he and cautiously move from the area . 149 149 omit 99 . 150 int . epps' plantation / armsby's shack - later 150 the door open . Solomon enter . armsby be surprised to see he . so much so , he be not sure what greeting to give . Solomon give a blunt introduction . re : the coin : solomon the proceed of my fiddling performance . a few picayune , but all I have in the world . I promise they to you if you will do I the favor I require . but I beg you not to expose I if you cannot grant the request . armsby what do you ask ? solomon first , you word , sir . armsby on my honor . solomon it be a simple enough request . I ask only that you deposit a letter in the marksville post office . and that you keep the action a inviolable secret forever . the detail of the letter be of no consequence . even at that , there would be a imposition of much pain and suffer be it know I be the author . a patron be what I require , sir . armsby where 's the letter now ? solomon ... it be not yet write . I will have it in a day . two at most , my skill with composition as poor as it be . armsby consider the request . armsby I will do it . and will accept whatever payment be offer . Solomon hesitates . in the moment , he 's not so sure he can wholly give himself over to trust . ( continued ) 100 . 150 continued : 150 armsby ( cont 'd ) to assist you , I put my own self at risk . I will do so , but fair compensation be all I ask . Solomon hand over the money . armsby ( cont 'd ) draw up you letter . we will meet again . in two day ? solomon in two day . ... thank you . Solomon exit . 151 151 ext . epps' plantation / cotton field - day Solomon and the slave pick cotton . armsby be conspicuously not labor in the field . as Solomon work he be watch by epp . watched more than he normally be . for a moment it seem it might just be a matter of perspective ; Solomon 's unease over he action . but soon epp be join by armsby . the two man stand and talk , they look lock toward Solomon . whatever it be that be occur between they continue for a long , long moment . but epp make no move toward Solomon . Solomon continue with he work . 152 152 int . epps' plantation / slave shack - night the slave be at rest . gripping he whip epp enter , without so much as a knock at the door . for a moment there 's curiosity ; be he there for a dance , for patsey ...? look right to Solomon : epps get up . Solomon do . epp head back out into the dark . he say nothing , but he directive be clear : follow I . 153 ext . master epps' plantation / slave shack - continuous 153 Solomon come out into the dark . nearly hide in the shadow be a bitter epp . despite the lack of light , epp 's malevolence be quite clear . his whip attach to he hip . as he speak , he stoke himself with swig from a flask . epp put he arm around Solomon , as if consol a friend , and guide he into the wood . ( continued ) 100a . 153 continued : 153 epps well , boy . I understand I have get a larn nigger that write ( more ) ( continued ) 101 . 153 continued : ( 2 ) 153 epps ( cont 'd ) letter and try to get white fellow to mail them . Solomon , hardly miss a beat , play this off . epps ( cont 'd ) well , armsby tol ' I today the devil be among my nigger . that I have one that need close watchin ' or he would run away . when I axed he why , he say you come over to he and wake he up in the middle of the night and want he to carry a letter to marksville . what have yah get to say to that ? solomon all I have to say , master , be all that need be say . there be no truth in it . epps you say . solomon how could I write a letter without ink or paper ? there be nobody I want to write to ' cause I hai not get no friend live as I know of . that armsby be a lie drunken fellow . you know this , just as you know that I be constant in truth . now , master , I can see what that armsby be after , plain enough . do not he want you to hire he for a overseer ? a beat . solomon ( cont 'd ) that 's it . he want to make you believe we be all go to run away and then he think you ' will hire a overseer to watch we . he believe you be soft soap . he 's give to such talk . I believe he 's just make this story out of whole cloth , ' cause he want to get a situation . it 's all a lie , master , you may depend of not . it 's all a lie . for a tense moment we be unsure which way epps'll go . increasingly it become apparent that , shallow minded and equally souse , Solomon have be able to fold epp 's thought . in a low curse that clearly state he ill intention . ( continued ) 102 . 153 continued : ( 3 ) 153 revealed be a pocket knife , which all through the conversation , unknown to we the audience , be push up against Solomon 's stomach . as epp speak , he close it and tap it on Solomon 's shoulder . epps I be damned . I will be god ... be he not free and white , Platt . be he not free and white . epp head off . Solomon be leave to exhale a deep breath . 154 154 ext . master epps' plantation / wood - night have find a lonely spot , Solomon have strike a SMALL FIRE . he have in he hand he letter . with no ceremony , he cast the letter upon the flame and watch it burn . and with it , at this time , seem all chance of he ever be free . he stand and look at it as if forever , as ash descend into the night sky . fade to black . a155 a155 ext . master epps' plantation / great house - day - MARCH , 1852 - the slave be now employ work on a extension to the great House . the slave work under the direction of mr. SAMUEL bass , a between forty and fifty year old , of light complexion and light hair . he be cool and self - possess , fond of argument , but always speak with extreme deliberation as well as a canadian accent . b155 b155 ext . master epps' plantation / great house - day as the slave continue to work , there be a conversation go on between epp and bass . bass much skilled in the art of sophistry , while epp 's argument be fuel mostly by emotion alone . though at first epp do little more than joke he way around the fact . Solomon , work still , can not help but overhear as epp offer bass a drink , which bass wave away . epps take it . you look unsettle . bass I be well . epps no shame in take respite from the heat ; drink , shade . it 's ungodly for traveler . hearty , or otherwise . ( continued ) 102a . b155 continued : b155 bass give a laugh . epps ( cont 'd ) I mean no joke . ( continued ) 103 . b155 continued : ( 2 ) b155 bass you humor be inadvertent . sense perhaps bass 's laughter might be at he expense , epp press . epps then share what 's funny . or what ill you . bass I be here to complete the work at hand . as request , and as pay . epps something rub you wrongly . before I take further offense , I offer you the opportunity to speak on it . bass you ask plainly , I will tell you plainly . what I find amusing : you worry about my well be in the heat but , quite frankly , the condition of you laborer -- epps " the condition of my ... " what in the hell be you -- bass it be horrid . it 's all wrong . all wrong , sir . epps they be not hire help . they be my slave . bass you say that with pride . epps I say it as fact . bass if the conversation concern what be factual and what be not ; there 's no justice nor righteousness in slavery . I would not own a slave if I be rich as croesus , which I be not , as be perfectly well understand . more particularly among my creditor . there 's another humbug : the credit system . humbug , sir . no credit , no debt . credit lead a man into temptation . Cash down be the only thing that will deliver he from ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . b155 continued : ( 3 ) b155 bass ( cont 'd ) evil . but this question of slavery ; what right have you to you nigger when you come down to the point ? epps what right ? I buy them . I pay for them . bass of course you do . the law say you have the right to hold a nigger , but begging the law 's pardon ... it lie . be everything right because the law allow it ? suppose they would pass a law take away you liberty and make you a slave ? epps ha ! bass suppose . epps that be not a supposable case . bass because the law state that you liberty be undeniable ? because society deem it so ? law change . Social system crumble . universal truth be constant . it be a fact , it be a plain fact that what be true and right be true and right for all . White and black alike . epps whoa , whoa , whoa . yah compare I to a nigger , bass ? yah might as well ask what the difference be between a white man and a baboon . now , I see one of they critter in Orleans that know just as much as any nigger I get . yah would call they feller citizen , I s'pose ? bass look here ; you can not laugh I down in that way . this nigger be human being . if they be allow to scale no higher than brute animal , you and man like you will have to answer for it . there 's a ill -- ( continued ) 105 . b155 continued : ( 4 ) b155 epps ahhh ! bass a fearful ill , rest on this nation -- epps you betray yourself a foreigner ! bass that will not go unpunish forever . there will be a reckoning yet . epps you like to hear yourself talk , bass , better than any man I know of . yah would argue that black be white , or white black if anybody would contradict you . a fine supposition if yah live among yankee in New England . but yah do not . ( pointed ) you most assuredly do not . 155 155 ext . master epps' plantation - day it 's the sabbath . the slave be leave to themselves to do they own chore . at the moment the female slave be wash they clothes in large cauldron , slapping they clothes against wash board and hang they up to dry near to they live quarter behind the plantation . it be a sight of ritual . miss from the field of labor be patsey , for whom epp holler . epps patsey ... patsey ! a drunk epp ask of the slave : epps ( cont 'd ) where be she ? where be patsey ? no one answer . epps ( cont 'd ) talk , damn you ! phebe we know nothin ' of she , massa . epps the hell you do not ! you know where she be ! she run off , be not she ? she 's escape , and you miserable black dog stand like ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . 155 continued : 155 epps ( cont 'd ) the deef and dumb . speak ! speak ! not a word speak . epps ( cont 'd ) my best cotton pick nigger ! my best . a beat . epps ( cont 'd ) I would give yah all up for she . where she go ? the slave say nothing . there be nothing for they to say . they do not know where she be . eventually epp drop into true sorrow . epps ( cont 'd ) she go ... my pat go . 156 156 ext . epps' plantation - later epp sit on the piazza look quite forlorn . he look up only to see patsey returning to the plantation . epp step up to greet she , with anger rather than relief . as they hear he angry voice , the slave step around from where they be hang they laundry to dry . treach be near as well . epps run off . run off , do you ? patsey massa epps -- epps you miserable wench ! where you be ? patsey I be nowhere . epps lies to you misdeed ! patsey the sabbath day , massa . I take I a walk to commune wit da Lord . epps bring the Lord into yer deception ? yah godless ... Shaw 's . comin ' from Shaw 's plantation be not yah ? ( continued ) 106a . 156 continued : 156 patsey ... no ... ( continued ) 107 . 156 continued : ( 2 ) 156 epps yah take yerself to pleasure Shaw . yah give baser passion to that unblushin ' libertine ! Solomon try to intervene : solomon master epps -- epps now yah speak ? now that yah want to add to 'er lie yah find yer tongue . epp go to strike Solomon , but patsey pull he arm back . patsey do not strike he . I go to massa Shaw 's plantation ! epps yah admit it . patsey freely . and you know why . patsey take soap from the pocket of she dress . patsey ( cont 'd ) I get this from mistress Shaw . mistress epp will not even grant I no soap to clean with . stink so much I make myself gag . five hundred pound 'a cotton day in , day out . more than any man here . and 'fo that I will be clean ; that all I ax . dis here what I go to Shaw 's ' of . epps you lie ... patsey the Lord know that 's all . epps you lie ! patsey and you blind wit yer own covetousness . I do not lie , massa . if you kill I , I will stick to that . epps I will learn you to go to Shaw 's . treach , go get some line . ( continued ) 108 . 156 continued : ( 3 ) 156 treach run quickly to the tool shed . in short order he return with the rope in hand . epps ( cont 'd ) Strip she . Strike she bare ' n lash she to the post . mistress epp have now come from the great House . she gaze on the scene with a air of heartless satisfaction . now tie to the post , epp stand behind patsey with he whip . epps ( cont 'd ) yah do this to yerself , pat ! epp hoist the whip to strike , hold it high ... but no matter he rage , epp can not bring himself to deliver the blow . he look to mistress epp who now stand gloat and spurring he on . mistress epps do it ! Strike the life from she . epp again hoist the whip . it tremble in he hand ahead of the act ... but he do not have it in he to deliver such a beat . turn to Solomon , thrust the whip at he : epps beat she . Solomon do not move . epp shove the whip into he hand . epps ( cont 'd ) give she the whip . give it all to she ! patsey , begging to Solomon : patsey I would rather it you , Platt . epps Strike she , or yah will get the same ! ( continued ) 109 . 156 continued : ( 4 ) 156 Solomon take a step back . he unfurl the whip ... he begin to whip patsey . lash after lash , patsey squirm before it . epp eye fill with tear , he be nearly too distraught to watch . but the mistress ... she be not satisfied with Solomon 's half - heart effort . mistress epps he pantomime . there be not barely a well on she . that 's what you nigger make of yah ; a fool fer the takin' . epp 's grief be replace by fury . epps grab the pistol from treach holster and draw down on the slave . epps yah will strike she . yah will strike she until she flesh be rent and meat and blood flow equal , or I will kill every nigger in my sight ! Solomon can not strike a blow , even if it mean he life . but from the ground , from patsey : patsey do it , Platt . do not stop until I be dead . what else can he do ? Solomon begin to whip , to truly whip patsey . her back welt , then tear ... patsey scream in agony . Solomon strike again and again ... after a full thirty lash Solomon look to epp , who be not satisfied . epps until I say no more ! I be not say nothing ! Solomon strike another ten to fifteen time . by now , as promise , patsey 's back have be reduce to little more than torn meat and blood . finally , Solomon hold low the whip . he can and will do no more . epps ( cont 'd ) Strike she ! Strike she ! Solomon will not . epp take up the whip and whip patsey with " ten fold " great force than he have . the painfully loud and angry curse of epp load the air . patsey by now be terribly lacerate , literally flay . the lash wet with blood which flow down she side and drop upon the ground . at length patsey cease struggle . her head sink listlessly on the ground . ( continued ) 110 . 156 continued : ( 5 ) 156 her scream and supplication gradually decrease and die away into a low moan . it would seem that she be die . Solomon , scream at epp : solomon thou devil ! sooner or later , somewhere in the course of eternal justice thou shalt answer for this sin ! though epp front rage , there should be underlying anguish for what he have do to he beloved pat . epps no sin ! there be no sin ! a man do how he please with he property . at the moment , Platt , I be of great pleasure . you be goddamn careful I do not come to wantin ' to lightenin ' my mood no further . by contrast to this horror , the field of cotton smile in the warm sunlight . the bird chirp merrily amidst the foliage of the tress . peace and happiness seem to reign everywhere . everywhere else . epp leave patsey to herself . he say not a word to the mistress as he pass . the mistress herself head back into the house . Solomon unty patsey , lift she and take she to the cabin . 157 157 int . cabin - later patsey be laid on some board where she remain for a long time with eye close and groan in agony . phebe apply melt tallow to she wound , and all try to assist and console she . in time patsey open she eye . she look to Solomon . she do not say a word . she just look at he ... and then she eye close again . 158 158 move to a155 159 move to b155 159 111 . 160 int . master epps' plantation / great house / addition - 160 evening - april , 1852 - Solomon and bass be work together alone on the extension . from the amount of work that 's be do on it , it should be obvious that day have now pass . Solomon make a cautious approach to bass . as casually as he can he inquiry : solomon master bass , I want to ask you what part of the country you come from ? bass no part of this land . I be bear in Canada . now guess where that be . solomon oh , I know where Canada be . I have be there myself . bass have you ? solomon montreal and Kingston and queenston and a great many place . and I have be in York state , too . buffalo and Rochester and albany , and can tell you the name of the village on the Erie canal and the champlain canal . bass give Solomon a long and curious stare . bass well travel for a slave . how come you here ? solomon master bass , if justice have be do I never would have be here . bass how 's this ? tell I all about it . solomon I be afraid to tell you , though I do not believe you would tell master epp if I should . bass every word you speak be a profound secret . ( continued ) 112-115 . 160 continued : 160 Solomon hold a moment . have not he hear the same promise before ? Prior to Solomon state he case , we fade to : 161 int . master epps' plantation / addition - day 161 hour have pass . bass reflect on the story that epp have tell in the intervene . bass how many year all tell ? solomon just nearly ... just pass eleven . bass you story be ... it be amazing , and in no good way . solomon do you believe , sir , in justice as you have say ? bass I do . solomon that slavery be a evil that should befall none ? bass I believe so . solomon if you truly do , I would ask ... I would beg that you write my friend in the north , acquaint they with my situation and beseech they to forward free papers , or take such step as they might consider proper to secure my release . bass look at Solomon , hold he gaze for more than a prolong beat . solomon ( cont 'd ) my daughter Margaret be possibly now 19 and my son alonzo , 16 . I miss they so . it would be a unspeakable happiness to clasp my wife and my family again . bass hand Solomon a end of a long plank of wood and look over he shoulder , as if to camouflage the conversation by work . they both lift it toward the floorboard . finally bass speak . ( continued ) 116 . 161 continued : 161 bass I have always forgone relationship and family . I do once have a sweetheart who I love deeply . bass point to a measure tool , which Solomon immediately hand over . bass ( cont 'd ) but that be a long , long time ago . I have be travel this country for the best part of twenty year . my freedom be everything . the fact that I can walk out of here tomorrow give I most pleasure . I see the aching in you eye , the pain of not be attach to you love one . my life do not mean much to anyone , but it seem you life mean a lot to a lot of people . what you have just say to I scare I , and I must say , sir , I be afraid . not just for you , but for I . they continue work , fix the floorboard in unison . Solomon , slightly confuse . bass ( cont 'd ) I will write you letter sir , for if I could bring freedom to you , it will be more than a pleasure . it will be a duty . now , would you be so kind as to pass I that nail , sir . we pull back to reveal the two man dwarf by the unfinish structure . they continue to work , as if the conversation have never occur . 162 162 omit 163 omit 163 164 omit 164 a165 ext . swamp tbd a165 Solomon walk a path he have walk a thousand time or more on he way back from bartholomew 's - sack familiarly sling over he right shoulder . drearily he walk . his eye acknowledge something we yet can not see to he leave . almost simultaneously , he eye retract back to the path ( continued ) 116a . a165 continued : a165 towards epp ' . as he pass out of shot , the evidence of what he be look at be reveal . feet hang at the top right hand corner of the frame . a woman , who have be lynched . 165 165 ext . master epps' plantation / addition - day - september , 1852 - slow dissolve to a now virtually complete , half - paint white gazebo . slave continue to work on it . as they do so , bass peel away from the structure to have a overview . he beckon Solomon toward he , out of earshot from the slave who be continue to work on the gazebo . as Solomon approach , bass shout - bass and bring that marker ! Solomon gather a clutch of marker in he hand and approach bass . bass ( cont 'd ) no letter yet . solomon you be certain ? bass take a marker from Solomon and slide it into the earth . bass I have inquire thoroughly . more than be safe for either of we . bass take another and poke it into the ground , improvise a pathway towards the gazebo . bass ( cont 'd ) Solomon ... I have a job or two on hand which will be complete shortly ... the work here have grow sparse . ( continued ) 117 . 165 continued : 165 bass do not need to spell thing out for Solomon . Solomon 's understanding of the finality of the situation should be very clear . bass ( cont 'd ) you must know , wherever I be I will press you cause . solomon five month . on top of this year . no cause remain . bass if there be any chance ... solomon Mr. bass ... bass I will continue to write you people -- solomon go home know you have try . the weight of defeat should hang very heavily with both man . nothing more to do , nothing more to say bass take solomon be hand , grip it firmly , but low and surreptitiously know full well he cannot be see make contact with a slave . but in the strength of they collective grip , in the emotion in which they hold each other 's eye , we should be able to easily see how greatly bass want to be able to help Solomon . equally , we can see the depth of regard Solomon have for bass . the moment be make all the more powerful by the fact neither man can openly speak he regret or thanks . a moment longer , and then bass release he grip and make he way march toward the gazebo , point instruction . Solomon be leave , marker in hand , alone . 166 166 omit 167 omit 167 118. a168 ext . road by epps ' plantation - evening a168 Solomon sit on a secluded part of the road , fiddle in hand . he stare across the expanse . his eye fix on something that be a million mile away . slowly Solomon tune he fiddle , turn the tuning peg tighter and tighter . as the string be taut , the sound be almost unbearable as Solomon tighten bit by bit , as if bone be be crack one by one . just beyond the break point of sound , there be a snap . he then repeat the action . Solomon hold the neck of the violin . slide he thumb and forefinger down the neck , he methodically crack it at the base . he carefully snap the neck and remove it from the body , then snap it in two , place it on the ground . he then start on the body . heaving it on the ground , it fall apart . methodically he break the violin into small bit - silencing the instrument with a hushed display of violence , rather than aggressive . seem almost to be , in a odd way , respectful . 168 168 ext . master epps' plantation / field - day - february , 1853 - the slave be sewing the heavily plow field , make they way in the try soil . Solomon , too focus to note the arrival of two man by carriage : parker and the sheriff . while the sheriff make he way to the field , parker remain with the carriage . the sheriff call : sheriff Platt ...? where be the boy call Platt ? solomon ... Sir ... the sheriff cross to he . sheriff you name be Platt , be it ? solomon yes , sir . point off to the distance . sheriff do you know that man ? ( continued ) 118a . 168 continued : 168 Solomon look toward the carriage . he have to shield he eye from the sun . recognition be slow come to he . but when it do , it hit he as a rush . solomon Mr. parker ...? ( continued ) 119 . 168 continued : ( 2 ) 168 Solomon start for parker , but he be pull back by the sheriff who be keen to determine Solomon 's true identity . sheriff say again ? solomon Mr. parker ? as he do , epp make he way over . sheriff that man receive a letter compile many accusation . you look I in the eye and on you life answer I truthfully : have you any other name than Platt ? solomon Solomon northup be my name . epps sheriff ... sheriff have you a family ? epps what 's all this ? sheriff it 's official business . epps my nigger , my business . sheriff you business wait . ( to solomon ) tell I of you family . solomon I have a wife and two child . sheriff what be you child 's name ? solomon Margaret and alonzo . sheriff and you wife 's name before she marriage ? solomon Anne hampton . I be who I say . Solomon push past the sheriff . as Solomon move toward parker , he pace quicken with each step until he ( continued ) 119a . 168 continued : ( 3 ) 168 personal velocity have he nearly at a dead run . the two old friend make contact with each other , wrap each other in a long and emotional embrace . it if finally break by epp , who have move over with the sheriff . ( continued ) 120 . 168 continued : ( 4 ) 168 epps Nah ... you will unhand them . Platt be my nigger ! parker he be Solomon northup . epps you say ... parker he belong to no man . epps you say ! you come here , unfamiliar to I , and make claim . sheriff not claim . I have no doubt . this be Solomon northup , a resident of Saratoga Springs , NY . epps to hell with that ! my nigger , and I will fight you for them ! parker as be you right . as it will be my pleasure to bankrupt you in the court . you decision . by this time , the slave in the plantation have overcome they fear of penalty , and leave they work and gather in the yard as witness . they stand behind the cabin , out of sight of epp . mistress epp also bear witness , stand on the veranda next to she house slave . her face be of a strange mix emotion . epp look to Solomon . Solomon icily , stoically hold he ground . he make it quite clear in he countenance that nobody own he . sheriff , hand on he gun , be there to back Solomon up . epp , with no other recourse than to back down : epps you think this be the last you ' will see of I , boy ? it be not . ( to parker ) whatever paper you hold about he freedom , it do not mean naught . he be my nigger - and I will have my day in court , sir . as God as my witness , I will have my day in court . take them ! epp call to Bob - ( continued ) 120a . 168 continued : ( 5 ) 168 epps ( cont 'd ) saddle my horse ! and bring she up here . epp walk back into the plantation . the trio start for the carriage . Solomon be pull back by the call of patsey 's voice : patsey Platt ... disregard parker , Solomon cross over to patsey . under the circumstance , neither really know how to engage . finally , suddenly , patsey throw she arm around Solomon and they embrace . epp , now mount on he horse , witness the encounter . kick the stirrup hard into the side of the horse , he ride off furiously . Calling from the carriage , mindful of epp : parker Solomon ... if we know what 's wise , we should depart . a moment longer Solomon and patsey hold each other . they separate , Solomon head back to the carriage . he and parker alight . the sheriff chide the horse and they ( continued ) 121. 168 continued : ( 6 ) 168 start up . as they move on , patsey sink down to the ground , where she remain in a weary and half - recline state , the other slave around she . we stay with Solomon as he travel further and further from the slave - who be diminish by distance . Solomon wave a hand to they , but the carriage round a bend and a thicket of tree hide they from he eye forever more . black a169 a169 ext . northup house - day - MARCH , 1853 - we now see Solomon in front of a door . a door we have see before at the very beginning of we story . Solomon , age significantly since then , stand nervously , swallow , and adjust he attire . he breath in and hold he breath . he blow out and close he eye . a tear fall from he cheek , but this be not the way he want he family to see he . he gather himself , and look to he right . there stand Mr. parker . he place he hand on Solomon 's shoulder . he say gently - parker be you ready ? Solomon swallow and nod . 169 169 int . northup house - later the door to the room open . Mr. parker enter , Solomon behind . we first see Anne , in she finest attire ; the northup child : alonzo , who be now seventeen and Margaret who be now twenty - she carry with her a bundle . also present be margaret' husband . the family wait patiently , dutifully ... but anxiously . Anne rise to greet he , but hold back . all around , the body language of the family be stiff and awkward . they be , after all - after twelve year - little more than familiar stranger . solomon I apologize for my appearance . I have have a difficult time of thing this past many year . Solomon look among he family ; try to recall they as much as they look to see familiarity within he . to he child : solomon ( cont 'd ) alonzo ... Margaret , yes ? you do not recognize I , do you ? do ( more ) ( continued ) 122. 169 continued : 169 solomon ( cont 'd ) you ... do you even remember the last time we see each other ? I put you on a carriage with you mother ... Margaret , tear , hug she father . Solomon almost break , but he keep himself together . look to the unknown man : solomon ( cont 'd ) and who be this ? margaret he be my husband . solomon husband ? margaret' husband it be very good to meet you , sir . solomon we have much acquaint to do . Margaret rise , she present she bundle to she father . margaret and this be you grandson . Solomon northup staunton . solomon ... Solomon ... the fact he grandson carry he name , be overwhelming . Solomon break down . emotionally , physically ... but anne be there to catch he . as she hold he , Solomon say to Anne with all he heart : solomon ( cont 'd ) forgive I . anne there be nothing to forgive . the pair , join now by the whole family , hold on to each other for life ... and one would think for all the rest of they life . fade to : black card : upon gain he freedom , Solomon northup locate and attempt to seek legal justice against the man who kidnap he . the case be try in Washington , DC where black be prohibit by law from testify ( continued ) 123. 169 continued : ( 2 ) 169 against white . the charge against the kidnapper be eventually dismiss . northup spend the rest of he life work as a abolitionist , and with the Underground railroad . Solomon northup most likely die between 1863 and 1875 . the exact date , place , and circumstance of he death remain unknown . - end -