127 hour written by Simon beaufoy &amp ; Danny boyle ext . crowd scene . various . a massive crowd , it could be a sport stadium , a u2 farewell show or new year 's eve on copacabana beach , but whatever it be there be thousand and thousand of we . a mexican wave erupt success , celebration , with so many involved it 's impossible to pick out anyone individually . critical mass cyclist , easter crowd at st . Peter 's basilica , nyc marathon , 4000 flash mobber do the silent disco at london 's victoria station , india 's kumbh mela , macy 's thanksgive day parade , rave , subway party , the daytona 500 . . . . gradually the screen split into 2 , and then 3 , though at time there appear to be no division at all . ext . freeway . night . a overhead shot of a cramme freeway give way to a single vehicle , a 98 Toyota Tacoma , red and white with a topper . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . cut inside as aron ralston , 27 cut off the freeway . triptych . open title be a series of triptychs featuring all the title card except the MAIN one . they blend , overlap and be intercut with advert some from the billboard aron' van pass , some from television and some from the radio . and , of course , all these intercut with aron and he truck . and the landscape . a title card read : ' Utah . the canyonland . the slickrock desert . the red dust and the burnt cliff and the lonely sky - all that which lie beyond the end of the road . ' Edward Abbey . Desert solitaire . CUT to : ext . road . night . eventually aron 's truck be now alone on a interstate road . 2 . int . aron' truck . night . at the southwest edge of Green River , aron ralston drive under the interstate into a landscape of obscurity . he look to he right and leave , not a single light perforate the absolute blackness of the San rafael Desert . CUT to : ext . aron' truck . night . from high above , three quarter of the screen be black and we see he truck 's light run parallel with the blackness . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . a sign flash by : next service : 110 mile America 's challenger for the Tour de France flash by in a pack of 15 or so neon spirit . night training . 10 pm . a blm sign indicate that horseshoe Canyon trailhead be 47 mile ahead through the desert darkness . CUT to : ext :. aron' truck . night . from even higher above again we see he turn leave into this black void . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . bang inside the truck now on a dirt road . Music at ear bleed level . a yellow triangular sign caution road may be impassable due to storm flash past . CUT to : int / ext . aron' truck . night . jackrabbit dart onto the road , racing he , darting leave and right as he chase they down . they finish the game darting back into the darkness . CUT to : ext . desert . day . 3. slowly , image from the great Gallery materialise on different part of the triptych - petroglyphs and pictograph ; dozen of 8 - 10 ft high superhuman hover over group of indistinct animal , dominate beast and onlooker alike with they long , dark body , broad shoulder , and haunt eye . CUT to : ext / int . various . commercial footage . billboards , tv , cinema , www : commercial America sell everything to we through every mean . as many brand name as we can get . CUT to : ext . desert . night . rushing across the desert groove , pull , snatching , hard leave and right , the rear of the truck fishtail madly . curve , swoops and sandy wash kick up dust cloud as everything in the truck fly all over the place . except he bike , lock down and brace solid . Music blaze on . another rabbit . another fence line . another curve . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . suddenly a small brown sign flash past . he kick down on the brake and reverse back . it 's the sign point out the road spur to horseshoe and Blue John canyon . aron nearly miss it ! CUT to : ext . high above aron' truck . night . the truck turn sharp leave . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . now a really bumpy road approach the dirt parking area . CUT to : 4. ext . parking area . night . ghostly , but there be three other vehicle and two encampment at the trailhead , despite sign prohibit camp . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . he turn off the music and wait for a head to pop out or a light to come on but they have all turn in . ghostly . he glide to a flat spot near the sign board welcoming visitor to the horseshoe Canyon quadrant of canyonland National Park . he whip into the back of the truck and fling everything out of the way of he sleep bag and pad . Black . end of triptych title sequence . CUT to : black . but no rest . CUT to : int . aron' truck . day . the door smash open to reveal a glorious day and aron 's bike career into it . CUT to : ext . desert . various . it 's still like a wild road movie , but now on a bicycle . have park he motorize transport he plough into the land like a ad for extreme sport . past biker , he vanish temporarily in they dust cloud , he wear a bandana across he face as the biker pass by ... a final telephone box , past remnant of that who try to settle or work this unforgive land ; aborigine , frontier settler , rancher ... all drive away from a heartland he plough into ....... CUT to : 5 . ext . desert . cu on aron . wearing a pair of beat - up run shoe and thick wool - blend sock , lycra bike short and a phish tee shirt he have a back pack with equipment but hydrate through a gallon of water store in a insulate three litre camelbak hydration pouch which he suck on without stop . CUT to : ext . desert . day . his bike pummel the canyon landscape and you get a sense of the exhilaration this man get from pitting himself alone against what nature can offer . he 's clearly a fit and dare young man and this be he kick . CUT to : ext . desert . day . even uphill he hammer he way up the sandstone . gasp for oxygen , he leg scream for rest , he push and push until the crest and then down , down , instant speed and he can suck on he water again . part of a massive clan who define themselves not by what they be , but by what they do . in a way , he 's a action movie personify and the open should be shot and cut to provide adrenaline in spadeful . until ... CUT to : ext . desert . day . suddenly , he hit a sand trap and hurtle forward over the handle bar , face first into the sand , he toe clip and momentum bring the bike with he . the bike have he trap on the desert floor like a takedown in wrestle . he submit , landing nose deep in the sand . he sit up , look around quickly to see if anyone see . pull out he camera from he bag and take a a self - portrait snap of the mess . CUT to : ext . desert . day . at what seem like the only tree for mile he u-lock he bike in the shade , pocket the key , scoff a muffin and head off into the desert . CUT to : 6 . ext . gulley crest . day . he approach the crest of a sand gulley and see below he , just 30 yard down the canyon , 2 fellow hiker . he look around . all of they in the middle of nowhere it seem . CUT to : ext . approach to blue JOHN canyon . day . he can see now it 's 2 girl pass a map back and forth between they . he rush towards they , initially above they as he walk along side . they be aware of he before he arrive : aron hey . be you do the east pike ? can I come along with you for a while ? the girl do not reply , just look at each other . aron ( cont 'd ) I be on my own . I be aron . CUT to : ext . approach to blue JOHN canyon . day . a vast arroyo . he slide / surf down so he 's on the same level as they , arrive in a haze of dust , hold out he hand for the shake . Big smile . kristi ( look at megan ) sure , I be kristi . megan megan . aron Nice to meet you . what a day . kristi it 's beautiful . aron do you bike or come straight from the trail head ? kristi we leave the car there . pretty quiet . aron I leave mine at the horseshoe Canyon and bike here . 7. megan you bike from horseshoe ? that 's 20 mile or more . aron 17 and windy . the girl exchange glance . aron ( cont 'd ) I do this a lot . they laugh . he 's crazy , but harmless . aron ( cont 'd ) be not expect to see anyone in the canyon today . megan yeah , you surprised we , sneaking up like that . aron sorry . megan it 's kind of nervy see a lone guy walk up to you in the middle of the desert . aron yeah , I know , I mean there 's no one around for 50 mile . kristi ... and suddenly there 's a guy right behind you and `wait a minute , why be he wear a hockey mask !' they all laugh . aron let I guess ... you be here for the painting or the Cathedral ? kristi the Cathedral ? we have get a bit disorientate and the map be not great . where be it ? aron the climb 's a little tricky but it 's worth it . kristi / megan we climb . 8. they all laugh . CUT to : int . cave . apparently smooth dome . day towards we come aron , upside down , like a tiny , fast spider , talk all the time , he voice echoing . aron there 's thousand of hold but you can not see they until you be almost upside down and then they just keep appear ... it 's a bit of a act of faith so I will go first ... take off as much as you dare as there 's a bit of a surprise at the other end ... megan ( o.s. ) you behave aron ralston or we will tell you mother all about where you lure girl ... aron I swear I will not look but I swear you will not care when you get out here ... we have be move towards he as he rush towards we , spider style . he 's stripped to he underwear . he 's lithe to say the least . we can not see the girl or what 's underneath we but there 's a feel of the vertiginous , as much from the weird echo and the sense of reflect light as from the scale of the dome . aron ( cont 'd ) ... and the thing be , when you get to the middle ... he let go . aron ( cont 'd ) ... there be not any more . we spin and watch he fall into the most exquisite emerald pool 60 foot below . kristi omg ! CUT to : int . cave . day . they can not see he . they can only hear the explosive crack of man on water . 9 . megan be you ok ? aron ! kristi of course he 's ok . listen to he . aron fill the cathedral dome with he version of a phish song at the top of he voice . kristi strip to she underwear and traverse away from megan . kristi ( cont 'd ) get to be there , meg . CUT to : int . cave . day . from the pool below with aron we see kristi in she underwear head out arachnid- style to the centre . before she get there megan appear too . she 's leave everything on except she shoe . they crash into the pool one after the other . they bob together in the centre , the light seem to come from beneath they and ripple over the heavenly ceiling . megan we have get to go again . and film it ! CUT to : ext . outside the cave . day ( later ) . eat and drying in the powerful afternoon sun . a little self consciousness have return but it 's sweet - nature and fun still ..... megan I really can not eat all this chocolate by myself ... never mind , yes I can ! kristi so have you get a girlfriend , aron ? aron well , there 's not really anyone special . megan ah , so there 's lot of girlfriend . kristi there 's always a girl , you just do not know it yet . 10 . megan yeah , we meet lot of guy and there 's always a girl . aron Long story . kristi with lot of character in it . CUT to : ext . snowy mountaintop . day . video footage . aron on top of a snowy peak . self shot . classic pose . breathtake backdrop . aron ( v.o . ) I have do 46 of the 59 winter solo ascent . megan wow , high person in Colorado . aron well I figure no one else be mad enough to climb in the winter . kristi ... you can be the high person on the continent ! CUT to : ext . still camera . image of `motel 6 ' megan show the image to aron . megan do not you see it ? aron what ? no. megan yeah , it 's a old cattle guardian 's house - the roof 's cave in and someone spray- paint motel 6 on the side . smell weird though . aron just like a motel 6 then ? CUT to : 11 . ext . outside the cave . kristi why be you on you own ? aron solitude . great tune . empty mind . he indicate the wilderness . aron ( cont 'd ) and I can sing phish song as loud as I like . megan phish ? kristi not that guy from ... aron yeah , I know , I know . ( laugh ) see , that 's why I be on my own . nobody like I or my band . they laugh as he goof for they . he gather all they package and stuff it in he backpack . aron ( cont 'd ) I will get this . leave no trace . CUT to : ext . blue JOHN canyon . day . they be walk again . aron ( cont 'd ) hey , but I like a beer like the next man . you know , end of the day . CUT to : ext . canyon . gulley . they be negotiate a steep gulley . aron be 1 / 2 way down , megan at the top , kristi on she way down to he . aron I be not certified yet but that 's what I want to do . megan a illegal instructor . 12 . aron it 's hard to get the hour to qualify . catch 22 . kristi well , we will sign you time - card today . aron great . now put you ass on my head . kristi okay but do not look and no grab now , if I do ... megan oh whatever , you love it . kristi shhh ! aron then quickly slip to the bottom . megan be way high , kristi half way . aron ( at he most instructor - ish , talk all the time as he make he way down ) you will have to chimney down a little way - like here , watch - one foot on each wall then squat onto you right heel , now you butt 's on the wall , so you can move you right foot across , now put you leave foot under you butt lower down and scootch you butt down - watch that black part , it 's slick , slime , try not to get it on you shoe - if you can get to this bomber handhold here it 's like a elevator shaft and just think friction to control the slide . this be a keeper so always have someone at the bottom to boost you out . he look up to they . megan I do not understand any of that . ext . conjunction of blue JOHN canyon , west fork , east fork . later in the day . 2pm-ish they come to a clear fork in the path . he watch they turn they map round and round . 13 . megan ( cont 'd ) kristi , I think this be we way back . aron why do not you come with I to the Big Drop rappel ? I can give you a lift back to you car . kristi how far be it ? he show they on the map . aron about another 8 mile or so , I think . megan you will never get out before dark . aron no , I really get to do this . anyway I have my miner 's lamp . megan you do not climb at night , do you ? aron no , it 's great for see snake in hand hold . can I get a picture then ? they pose with raven feather in they hair . aron ( cont 'd ) listen , my friend be have a party tomorrow night . you should come . kristi yeah , we would like that . what time ? megan where ? aron drive on the east road and about 40 mile out there 's a huge inflatable scooby doo . you can not miss it . turn off and it 's about 2 mile down that track . start late and it will go right through . lot of cheek kissing and he last picture of they ... 14 . kristi come on aron , hike out with we - we will go get you truck , hang out and have a beer . aron no , I really get to do this . kristi okay . scooby doo , yeah ? aron that 's the one . I will have 3 cold beer wait for we . megan 12 cold beer ! CUT to : ext . canyon fork . day . Pov various . and they separate down 2 different canyon shouting to each other ... ' hot dog !...' vegetarian hot dog !'.... ' so that 's 12 cold beer and 9 vegetarian hotdog !'...'.. I really can not eat all this vegetarian hotdog by myself ... never mind , yes I can !'... the last of the dialogue fade away as they lose earshot of each other and we pull up out high over the meander slit of sandstone ... CUT to : ext . MAIN blue JOHN canyon . day . aron alone ... they be go ... he pick up the pace as he check he watch ... he love they but now he 's behind schedule and he 's ruthless about he schedule ... CUT to : ext . high above aron . blue JOHN canyon . day . his sense of momentum be establish again and it 's clear he 's move downhill , into the fissure of the rock . CUT to : ext . blue JOHN canyon . day . without warning he foot suddenly slide forward from under he and he skate / snap-kick try to keep he balance on a floor of scatter pebble leave there by a flood . there 's a flash of the sky and dazzle sunlight . 15 . only he arm and the proximity now of the wall prevent he landing hard on he ass . CUT to : ext . c/u. day . a small snake slither away from he giant foot . CUT to : ext . blue JOHN canyon . day . aron easy aron , easy now . he keep move , descend still , but a little more circumspect . he let the change of pace allow he to whip round he pack and with the practice of thousand of time select and play a CD without stop , slip the headphone over he head . CUT to : int . rucksack . portable CD player . we see the CD begin to spin : the display tell we there 's 38:47 to play before 0:01 appear . CUT to : ext . c/u aron be ear . day . suddenly , louder than loud , the sound of fanatical 5,000 strong applause at the phish live concert in Las Vegas , fill he head and ours . he 's hear it many time as he alternatively anticipate / answer all the dialogue preamble mix over the applause ... CD recording good evening Las Vegas ... be you have a good time ? be you ready for phish ! whether we be or not , the first song begin on a wave of adoration from he fellow phish fan . he sing along . CUT to : 16 . ext . blue JOHN canyon . short slot entry . day . aron keep descend , the canyon wall grow taller and closer , into the narrowing slot canyon . CUT to : ext . blue JOHN canyon . s-shaped log . day . a dry waterfall , many month since it 's see rain . a drop of maybe 12/15 ft with no obvious climb down . Way beyond he reach and jamme into the wall of the canyon be a enormous s-shape log , sand bleach and wind dry it look like a massive reptile make its way down the canyon . Beyond it , aron can see he route down disappear into narrowing darkness . CUT to : ext . canyon wall . day . to reduce the drop he scramble down cling to the edge , push away and drop the final 6 foot or so landing in a fine cloud of sand . nothing to it , second nature . CUT to : ext . s-shaped log . day . phototime he snap the log now arching above he well out of reach . title . " 2:41 pm . Sat April 26th. 2003 " aron wo not be come back this way . CUT to : int . slot canyon . day ( note : from here on canyon shot int . ) he spin and continue , see the first huge chockstone , the size of van , they nose bury in the floor of the canyon like unexplode bomb . he easily scramble over one and around another - tight fit but he 's skinny . CUT to : 17 . int . deeper into the canyon . day . the slot be now just 4ft wide and as he stop to look at massive tree log jamme at strange angle high above he and silhouett against the blue cloudless sky , he drink deeply from he water bottle . CUT to : int . canyon rim . looking down . day . on we go and so do the concert . he pump the air unaware as we track above he - it 's like the canyon in Star Wars and he 's anakin feel the force . one set of chockstone lead to another and he rapidly negotiate they like a obstacle race - until there 's one the size of a big refrigerator which have be stop by the wall 18 inch from the floor . CUT to : int . canyon . chockstone . day . over or under ? he drop to he belly and squeeze underneath , ruck the sandy floor in front of he . he 's halfway , he chest rise out the far side when suddenly he can not move . the music jam and loop on 2 note like bad techno . he push but nothing . he reach back with he hand and release a part of he rucksack strap that 's snag . and the music release too . he squat - jump out and brushes off the sand . no panic -a nothing moment . CUT to : int . slot canyon . day . now it 's steeper . we be already 60ft below ground level and it 's fall away further in front of we . another drink and the map be out . CUT to : int / ext . silhouette profile . cross section of canyon . day . we see a section of the canyon and the tiny figure of aron move within it . we track in and elide into a graphic view of he chimney he way along the canyon now only 3 ft wide at most . it 's a chance to see he skill and thirst for climb . and to see how deep he 's go . 18. he use he leg , back and natural body weight to body walk along and down the tower wall . CUT to : int . slot canyon . day . he 's move towards a final chockstone below he jamme in the gap . you can see the way he 's think : it 's about the size of a bus wheel and use as a platform will help he reduce the 10 foot drop and get quickly down into the next section . CUT to : int . slot canyon . day . he reach it at the same time we do and kick fiercely , automatically , to make sure it 's solid . aron yep . and across he step onto it . it hold . CUT to : int . canyon from underneath silhouetted against sky . day . as before he squat and clamber down the back side of the stone to reduce he drop down . CUT to : int . canyon . day . c/u tight on aron . just as he dangle there 's a scraping sound , small but close , too close and the stone judder towards he , pull by the torque of he weight on he side , rotate . instantly and instinctively he let go and drop . like he 's try to detach a mine drag he to the sea floor . CUT to : int . canyon . on chockstone . day . but it follow he down , somehow he 's release its latent energy . CUT to : 19 . int . canyon . tighter on aron . day . he watch the chockstone follow he - not look where he 's go . CUT to : int . canyon . aron' Pov . day . the backlit chockstone fall towards he consume the sky . CUT to : int . slot canyon . day . his arm rise to protect he head but he eye remain open and through he finger we see the next 3 second . the rock 's face and he . it grab he leave hand and fling it against the leave wall . he pull it away as the rock ricochet against the canyon and career towards he right arm which he raise , to compensate for withdraw the leave , and to protect he head . the rock smashes the right hand and wrist against the wall and drag it down the remain distance . like a cheese grater it tear the skin from the back of the hand and the forearm , decorate the wall . aron be powerless to stop its force and he land on he foot allow the rock to jam in front of he with he hand hold against the canyon wall by the stone . all this happen too quickly . we can hardly register what 's happen as everything stop . CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . silence . he 's stand behind the rock . like he 's in a line for a bus . like he 's shaking someone 's hand . a hand shake with the canyon . silence . CUT to : title : 127hour CUT to : 20 . int . canyon floor . day . adrenaline , searing , roaring pain and panic . aron fuck , get you hand out of there ! pull and pull , yank until he shoulder will dislocate , but nothing move . sweat , anxiety flaring , hot pain . aron ( cont 'd ) shit , shit , shit , shit ... push with he leave hand desperate to reverse the action ; so simple to undo the moment , to reverse gravity for a split second and pull he hand out ... nothing . again and again thrust up with knee , thigh , pelvis , leave arm , head , neck ... nothing . CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . then slam upwards , harder than ever as though he 's run at it from a hundred yard and it 's a door that will surely burst open . aron yeearkgg ... unnnhhh Air explode out of he lung . and then a quiet hollow sound of the boulder shifting fractionally . a howl of phenomenal pain - aron ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , no , fuck . he reverse the fraction and collapse in sweat and blood , knee bleed , good finger lacerate . but he remain upright , attach . unable to physically collapse . grab he shirt and wipe sweat away and go to drink . he hula-hoop out of he backpack to get access to the water , gulp down 3 full throatfulls - stop mid 4th and backwash as much as he can into the bottle - aron ( cont 'd ) no , no ... more water . he cap the lid tightly and drop it into he pack . aron ( cont 'd ) relax . stop. come on . he breathes and breathes , take stock for the 1st time . CUT to : 21 . c/u : wristwatch time check. 3.14 pm . stare at it until it change to 3.15 pm - the watch be work . CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . he examine the boulder at each point he can reach , stretch and contort to see into he crush and wretch hand where he thumb be visible above and he little finger below . no matter how much he touch they , there be no feel . he prod up and down to see what feel be leave and where it stop . Comparing leave hand to where the right hand be trap to measure the width of he right wrist - now smaller than the width of he little finger on he right hand . he can barely get the little finger of he leave hand in the gap . we reverse back on he at each contortion . he realize - aron fuck ! what the fuck ? how the fuck do you get you hand trap by a fuck boulder ? its crush , it 's fuck die man ! he reach up and touch the trail of blood , hair and skin leave on the canyon wall as the rock push he to where he be . look under boulder , no blood - check . [ he hear the crowd cheer on he headphone . it 's be play throughout . he switch it off ] he look above for the first time . aron ( cont 'd ) help ! hello ! CUT to : int / ext . pull out of canyon . day . ... to see the slot canyon , back and back and back , nothing more than a dry crack in the surface of this massive land . gradually he cry for help become inaudible . CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . he unpack everything with great energy , like a stocktake , and lay it all out on the surface of the rock ; 22. chocolate bar wrapper and bakery bag with crumb of chocolate muffin inside that he volunteer to take away on behalf of the girl , 2 small bean burrito , cd player , ces , extra aa battery , mini digital video camcorder , small multi - use tool and 3 LED headlamp . CUT to : big c/u : various . ... of all this element - this be now he only companion and they Pov of he reflect that as he test each one for its potential , open all the blade and lay they out to look at they ; sunglass - scratch , bike ulok key , rock climb harness , cloth goggle bag , rapelling equipment , water bottle , car key , plastic grocery bag , empty de - hydration pack , money , credit card , green and yellow climb rope in black zipper bag , a stick , stone and sand . everything . pause . he stare at it all and it all stare back at he . CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . 3.28 , change to 3.29 hard ENERGY CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . Inside the tiny gap we see ... he headlamp flick on to let he assess the rock and the wall and he hand in between it . he pick a point and begin to chip away with the knife . he 's back - energy , movement , purpose , action make he happy . he occasionally stop to look at he leave hand , swollen and puffy and constantly in need of flex . he get into a rhythm of ' tick , tick , tick ' , flex and back again , `tick , tick , tick ' CUT to : tighter c/u : digital numeral . 4.19 pm , change to 4.20 CUT to : 23. int . canyon floor . day . in a huge close up of this eye he can see in the foreground that there 's a pile of steel filing from the knife itself , almost as big as the dust from the ground - aron not good . he blow the whole lot into we face with a mighty gust . aron ( cont 'd ) when in a hole .... alternative ; he start digging away at the wall instead , same result . aron ( cont 'd ) fuck . it 's hard as iron . pause . you be gonna have to cut you arm off . as if to answer that idea we ... CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . tapping a rock in he hand onto the top of the knife as he balance it against the wall or with he mouth . weird close angle as he almost tap the side of he eye socket . suddenly , he hammer down with ten time more force onto the handle of the knife , the rock explode in he hand , shower pick dust over everything , and bounce the knife off the rock . once again , gravity take over . the knife hit he short and as he move to grab it , he miss it and knock it further round the back of he leg . he pivot and turn to try and catch it but gravity be quick than he restrict twist and it fall into a hole between the round rock near he leave foot - aron no , no ! CUT to : int . canyon floor . day . the knife be visible in the crack below and behind he right leg but he can not twist to get anywhere near it . he try to pull the canyon wall off balance to get closer . no chance . 24 . aron shit ! he pull off he right sock and shoe and try to squeeze he foot into the hole . too big . size 10 . he look upward . he can not believe he 's do it . aron ( cont 'd ) shit !!! CUT to : int . beneath canyon floor . we be on a level with the knife in the little hole beneath he foot . a enormous overhead light switch on ( aron 's headlamp place above to let he see ) . the stick enter from top of screen and nudge the knife in a semi circle . it 's a bit punch and Judy if it be not so fuck serious . huge shadow . no success . the knife remain where it be . maybe a ant race across it . pause . the stick withdraw . pause : the stick re-enter with the top of it almost break off , act like a hook , we push in on the knife as the stick hook through the little ring at the end of the knife . it lift . CUT to : int . aron in canyon . day . look down onto the ground , around he leg , he toe hold the stick like a chopstick lift the knife out and up tremulously , breathlessly , towards he good arm . he pick it off the stick gently . Big smile . first one . aron sweet . CUT to : 25 . title over wide int canyon . night : " saturday night " : we pass through the transparent title on we way along the canyon . half dark . we be on a wind blow dust through the canyon wall , to find a miner in the distance digging into the rock . it 's aron of course , and he head - lamp be fill with the dust swirl through . he 's use the short file from the multi tool and have tie a shoe lace to he wrist and looped through the ring at the end of the tool . he pull he cap down , to keep most of the dust out of he eye . his lip be cake but he keep blow on he arm , to keep it clear . CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . night . the watch , now luminous , change to 00.00 . CUT to : int . aron in canyon . night . Midnight be celebrate with a tiny , careful , sip of the water . he hold it in he mouth . puff he cheek , circulate the precious fluid around . CUT to : ext . extraordinary landscape . dazzling daylight . day . daylight , a lunar landscape almost , though with patch of green and giant boulder , aron whom we sense only by be around he shoulder be out walk with he friend , Mark von eeckhout through this field of boulder . they come upon one the size of a house bury nose deep in the field . MARK wow , look at the size of this one . there 's no cliff or mountain anywhere near . we look at Mark 's pleasant , unremarkable face for far too long as he look around - MARK ( cont 'd ) how the fuck do this get there ? it 's like we be on the moon look over buzz aldrin 's shoulder at Neil armstrong ; it certainly sound like that ... hard CUT to : 26 . int . canyon floor . night . chip , chip , chip ; stretch he arm , flexe he leg , tick , tick , tick . he change the blade , prise suddenly at a section of the rock with he file . it bite and a dime size shred chip of rock arc through the night light . he catch it perfectly on he right elbow . aron cool . he pick it off he arm and place it on top of the rock next to where he 's work . it 's a grain of sand on the seashore but it 's something . Boy , he arm and he leg be aching now . CUT to : int . above aron , looking down into canyon . night . he 's step into he harness and be throw 30ft of rope up towards we . there 's a tangle of knot and carabiner look for purchase close to camera . each time it fall back all the way . he persist , each time , vary he line of attack fractionally . finally it catch . he pull gently at first , then fiercely , it hold and we slide softly and slowly down the rope and as we reach he he gently take the weight off he foot finally . aron aahhhhh . Lovely relief for he , light off , he eye close . CUT to : int / ext various . day . a re-run of the accident . he can now witness it in detail as though it be plan and he role be to point we where to look . 3 second become 30 ... we fall with he face in high definition slow motion watch he future . we fall with the rock pitilessly chase he down to the floor of the canyon . as he land ... CUT to : 27 . int . canyon . pre dawn . ... his eye open and he stand unsteadily rub at he leg , the lack of circulation have force he up . do not think about the dream , start chipping again . CUT to : int . canyon . time - lapse . dawn . lit only by he lamp , the black shift to grey and then there 's light . he watch it arrive . a rush of wind . something flap and he look up sharply - raven caw-caw . CUT to : ext . sky . day . a black raven fly symmetrically the length of the canyon slit above he . Blue , blue sky . CUT to : int . canyon . day . aron caw-caw . as he stretch he neck to follow the path of the only other live thing , he freeze stock still . the bird have go . nothing move . not he .... nothing . time pass . he switch he light off . CUT to : ext . nevada desert . black rock CITY . pre dawn . on top of some 4 x 4 vehicle be 8 - 10 ft huge Easter Island - like mask , multi-coloured . multiple bike be strapped to the back of the vehicle too . more of aron 's friend , include Mark v.e. mill around they 4 x 4s . there be multiple light in the distance but it 's unclear what it might be . the vehicle ' own headlight illuminate rana , a stunningly beautiful red-haire woman in she mid-20 , effortlessly organise the 15 or so group . as before , we remain behind aron . by the camera 's virtually complete concentration on rana it 's clear he 's a fan . 28 . rana ok - light off and line up alongside I . they turn off they vehicle ' headlight as she draw a long line in the sand and they join she stand on one side of it . rana ( cont 'd ) on the other side of this line , everything will be different . as they all hold hand and together step cross the line ( aron 's keen and ever so slightly ahead of everyone across the line ) the sparkling light of the crescent- shape `tow n ' of vehicle and camp that be Burning man be replace by a astonish sunrise in the nevada desert . they hoot and holler as rana smile beautifully at aron . rana ( cont 'd ) and remember , stick together , the desert want to kill you . CUT to : int . canyon . dawn . aron be very still , look at the rock and the open blade lie on top of it . suddenly he look over he shoulder to see ... CUT to : int . canyon . morning . a dagger of sunlight appear behind he . his win sunrise . c.u. watch . 9.30 be CUT to : int . canyon . dawn . he look at ithe sunbeam as though it 's he prey and it might run away . it make it 's way along the canyon wall towards he . he 's very still . but it shift across the floor and it 's go to miss he . he whip off he leave shoe and sock and push it towards the come light . slowly it climb and caress he ankle and lower calf . he pull the other sock off and alternate the foot . he look like he 's do yoga . as it leave he pass overhead it suddenly burst into the open in front of he . 29 . it 's a beautiful sight as the color of the canyon reawaken but we can see from above that he appear to be behind a door with a room of life beyond he . CUT to : title : " sunday " : CUT to : int . canyon . day . video message one . aron it 's three - oh-five on Sunday . this mark my twenty - four-hour mark of be stick in Blue John Canyon above the Big Drop . my name be aron ralston . my parent be donna and Larry ralston of Englewood , Colorado . whoever find this , please make a attempt to get this to they . be sure of it . I would appreciate it . he take long blink and seem to avoid look at himself though the screen be face he . he look alarmed and wide eye , startle , in contrast to he slow slur delivery . aron ( cont 'd ) so ... I be hike Blue John Canyon yesterday ... and this happen . he pull the camera round to show where he forearm and wrist disappear into the horrifyingly skinny gap between the chockstone and the wall . as he do that we intercut with : int / ext . various . canyon . day . flashes of the accident - almost in silhouette - like a animatic side view . it freeze just before the moment of entombment . CUT to : int . canyon . day . video footage . aron what you be look at there be my arm , go into the rock ... and there it be , stick . it 's be without circulation for 24 hour . ( more ) 30 . aron ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty well go . if the colour do not come across on the video , it 's grey and blue . aron ( cont 'd ) unnhhhhh ....... I be in deep stuff . aron ( cont 'd ) so I have very little water . he can not help look in the camera towards that who know what that mean in this place . aron ( cont 'd ) yeah , I have about a third of a litre leave . he pick up the water bottle and shake it for the camera . intercut with : int / ext . various . canyon . day . different angle on the freeze-frame . CUT to : int . canyon . video footage . aron so the way I see it ... there 's kind of four thing happen here ... I try to move it with some rigging ... useless ... and I try chipping away at the rock ... I think part of the problem be , be that my hand be actually support the rock . which mean every time I chip away the rock move a bit and settles onto my hand again . I can not feel it happen but microscopically , it seem to be , because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seem to be get smaller . and this chockstone be the hardest thing here . CUT to : 31 . int . wide . moving through canyon . realtime . a breeze slide through the canyon and he shudder involuntarily for five second . CUT to : int . canyon . day . video footage . aron so the third thing leave be to cut my arm off . pause aron ( cont 'd ) I do not know whether I could do that but it 's pretty much suicide . it 's four hour to my vehicle that way and with very difficult climb with one hand and the bike be like two , two and a half hour , that way but the climb ... fourth class climb ... which I think will be probably impossible with one hand ... between the blood loss and the dehydration I think I would die if I cut off my arm . aron ( cont 'd ) which mean I be wait for someone to come along . he summon up the gut to let the evidence out . aron ( cont 'd ) I do not tell anyone where I be go and I do not leave a note on the truck . aron ( cont 'd ) Dumb . the video whirr on until he suddenly look straight into the lens . CUT to : int . canyon . day . realtime . he hear voice . 32 . CUT to : int . canyon . day . video footage . we see he reaction to this sound through the video message . CUT to : int . canyon . day . realtime . he put the camera down and listen . people descend at the S log ! he can hear they . he scream and scream and scream and then he stop . he listen again . CUT to : int . canyon . day . aron' Pov back up the canyon . the noise be there still . again he scream and scream . CUT to : int . canyon . day . breathe hard , heart racing he listen again . the noise be still there unchange . he know now it 's not people . they would have hear he . CUT to : int . canyon . day . aron' Pov . he look above and behind and see a kangaroo rat disappear , scuffling , behind a chockstone . CUT to : int . canyon . day . he stop , stare at the camera still recording . he pick it up , rewind and ... CUT to : int . canyon . day . video footage . ... re-run the sound of he scream for help . 33. aron ( scream ) help !!! help !!!! over here !!! heeelllpp !!! freaky . we just see a arbitrary view of the rock and sky on the video camera , maybe with a bit of elbow , but we hear he desperation , scream at no one , distorting on the tiny speaker . CUT to : int . canyon . day . realtime . he stop it . the sound of he absolute helplessness and need freak he out and threaten absolute despair . snort . aron no one 's come aron . he rewind to the end of the message and erase he futile call for help . CUT to : ext . aron' truck . day . aron 's truck . we sense he in the cab but we be not inside with he yet . Music loud and pulsing as we travel towards the inflatable scooby doo . it 's 12ft tall , power by a mini- generator . CUT to : int . aron' truck . day . aron swerve to affect the figure which buckle and flap in he after-draft . CUT to : ext . road . day . we stay with the dance figure as he truck drive away into the landscape . the generator fan rattles on as the booming bass of the truck fade . CUT to : int . canyon . day . you can see he think . will the girl go to the party ? 34 . ext . google -earth satellite shot of wilderness . dusk . we be now high above the desert , and in the time - lapse we see the soft , grey , endless line of darkness cross right to leave bring - CUT to : title : " night two " : CUT to : int . canyon . night . a flash , strobe-ing light - aron 's head - lamp bounce back and forth off the canyon wall - but also , as he continue to chip away ... intercut with : int . canyon . night . ... jump -cutting , strobe-lit as though by flash , of aron madly dress for the night . intercut with : c/u : watch we see the thermometer on he watch fall down and down from 70 =&gt ; below 50 . CUT to : int . canyon . night . the whole thing be almost like stop-frame animation . he cannibalize everything he can , use he knife , he tooth , he tear hole in a cloth camera bag , he 's frantically pace to occupy himself , to pass time , to create heat from energy , but he have to be careful not to stab himself in the eye . he thrust he leave arm into the newly fashioned sleeve , pull it up with he tooth . purple webbing around he right arm , the insulate camelbak protect he upper arm from the chill canyon wall . yellow webbing wrap a grocery bag ( that hold the burrito ) round he upper right bicep . 35 . the dirty green and yellow rope be curl round he leg like python . finally he put he head inside the rope bag . CUT to : int . rope bag . black . it 's plastic inside and although it 's black the light from he head - lamp suddenly light he up alarmingly as we go inside with he . CUT to : ext . rope bag . night . he look like a multi-coloured version of the michelin man , only much thin . CUT to : int . rope bag . night . he laugh , as though he can see how ludicrous he look . we return to normal speed as he turn the light off . CUT to : int . rope bag . night . black - but we can hear he breathe close as in a space suit . long pause . aron God , I be praying to you for guidance . I be trap in Blue John Canyon - you probably know that - and I do not know what I be suppose to do . I have try everything I can think of . I need some new idea . please show I a sign . pause - just he breath . he switch on the head lamp and the inside of the bag explode with light . there 's enough light for any kind of heaven but it 's just aron in Blue John Canyon . he look around he bag . he stop . silence . only he breathe to listen to . heart rate ... fast ... too fast . Light off . pause . 36 . aron ( cont 'd ) ok , then , God , since you be apparently busy : Devil , if you be listen , I need some help here . I will trade you my arm , my soul , whatever you want . just get I out of here . you want I never to climb again , I can give that up . just show I the dot line . pause : aron ( cont 'd ) ungg-gggu-ggga-gggngh ! his throat uncontrollably shudder and splutter as he tooth rattle with cold suddenly . it do sound like a demonic fit from the multi-coloured headless man . aron ( cont 'd ) yeah . not very funny . CUT to : int . aspen store . day . aron leave work : at no point do we see aron . he 's there , you sense he in reflective surface , he arm , particularly he right one and he foot occasionally come into shot . it 's not a strict p.o.v , more like ' over the shoulder ' but without much shoulder . q what you doin ' ? aron still not sure . I will see you Tuesday . q have a good one . aron always do . CUT to : black . CUT to : 37 . c/u : digital numeral 11:59 =&gt ; 00.00 in huge , luminous figure . CUT to : int . canyon . night . he pull he bag off and pull he water bottle out of the ground where he have half - bury it . it will not open . he can not unscrew it . he mutter , cursing himself for tightening the lid too much . he put it between he tooth and lever with he head , but nothing . be he strength vanish so quickly ? he look at he puffy leave hand ... there 's a tremble in it . he shake it to get rid of the tremble and jam the bottle between he leg . he use a bit of cloth to give he hand better purchase on the top . we be tight on the neck of the bottle as it release , finally and he lift it , slowly , almost ceremonially . control the tilt , a half - mouthful of water slide onto he tongue . he tilt the bottle back towards upright but not the whole way . he wait . circulate the splash of water around he mouth . CUT to : int . canyon . c/u : bottle neck the bottle neck stare at aron . CUT to : int . canyon . c/u : aron ... he eye stare at the bottle neck . CUT to : int . canyon . night . he still hold the water in he mouth as he rewind the top onto the bottle and rebury it in the sand to stop any evaporation . he move to pop he contact lense into he mouth and wash they in the moisture . first one then the other as we ... CUT to : int . aron' apartment . day . the image shift with the lens change back to he apartment , daylight , we sense he though he 's probably in the shower . his ansaphone click in . 38 . ansaphone ( mom ) aron , it 's mom. hope to catch you . nothing urgent . dad 's in New York so it will be a quiet weekend . aron be clearly there but can not answer . ansaphone ( mom ) ( cont 'd ) call I . lot of love . CUT to : int . aron' apartment . day . in front of he bathroom mirror he 's slip he lense in for the day . it look like the man who fell to Earth . CUT to : int . c/u : various . aron &amp ; mirror . day . huge close - up that freak people out who have never wear lense . Mirror shot and lot of short soft focus . CUT to : int . aron' apartment . day . we hear a girl and a guy somewhere in the apartment . he close the door . girl shout : girl that be you Mom ! and you dad call . call he . we be go . see you next week . oh , and rana call . CUT to : int . canyon floor . pre dawn . he be absolutely still . almost absent . fly buzz around he . indeterminate time pass . CUT to : 39 . int . canyon floor . pre dawn . massive c/ U of a ant . huge , high -definition image , more like a jcb - digger than a insect , and then more of they , and all move towards the mosquito which hover and land near the real giant , aron . CUT to : ext . canyon . pre dawn . he watch they devour he and then he clear they away from he hand . suddenly break and he 's busy now well before sunrise . in the grey -white , soft morning he be involved in recycle he overnight insulation gear into a crude lift and pulley . obsessive , inventive , analytical , he constantly adjust and add and subtract , and cannibalize . undoing and tie knot with he tooth and hand . each time nothing happen to the rock . but each time he do not stop . he try again and again and again ; looping and re-looping throw and catch rope ; create foothold and bounce in they with he foot , he knee , he ass . finally he stop . he look down . for a moment it 's as though he will cry . he look up to where he come from and CUT to : int / ext . various . canyon and beyond . day . ... suddenly we be move , retrace he journey at increase and eventually staggering speed . through the slot canyon , up and into the blaze light across the desert path , past he chain - up bicycle and back to he truck wait at the side of the road . but we do not stop ... slam CUT to : int . aron' truck . day . we crash into the back of the truck and there , lie on its side be a almost - full bottle of gatorade , and then there 's a grapefruit , and another one , and they have get sparkly condensation on they - like advertising spritzer mist - all over they . and a water bottle , and a orange . and high energy snack bar and another orange . the fruit seem to roll around the empty truck . 40 . the gatorade lie on its side and the liquid slap slowly backward and forward like a lava lamp . the liquid literally bulge with wetness , moisture texture , and we ... CUT to : int . canyon . day . ... snap back to aron 's face . CUT to : title : " monday " : CUT to : video message two . intercut with live footage . aron try not to look at himself : aron it 's freaking I out look at myself so I hope you guy be ok with this pause CUT to : realtime : we can see 2 image of he when we go behind the balanced video on the rock , as he have deliberately turn the screen away from himself . CUT to : video : aron it 's Monday - all day - bummer . I spend the morning try to create a 6:1 system ration and lift the boulder but friction between the rope and carabiner be dissipate every bit of force I apply . ( more ) 41 . aron ( cont 'd ) all it 's good for be sit in ... CUT to : realtime : we see a more objective view of he morning 's activity as he describe they . we see he below we as the raven fly between we and he . CUT to : video : aron there 's a raven fly overhead , I clocked it at 8.15 . I will bet it 's there tomorrow too . I will film it for you tomorrow CUT to : realtime : ext . sky . day . we see the raven and we see he check he watch . sure enough , 8.14 slide to 8.15 . CUT to : video : aron I have about one hundred and fifty millilitre of water leave . that 's four ounce . I can not believe it but I peed twice today , within a few minute of each other . how be this possible ? it 's two day since I peed , I be dehydrated and I have to go so quickly I forget to save the first . I save the second in the camelbak . will I drink it ? it smell foul , and hot but it will settle . and I can chill it in the sand in the night . it 's like polar winter here for nine hour . CUT to : 42 . realtime : we see he precious bottle of water . it look back at he . next to it be the camelbak of he store urine . CUT to : video : aron no number twos . which will disappoint my insect friend . they be gonna have to wait . the sunlight appear down here for a few hour . I get 15 minute of it at 9.35 ... and apart from chipping away uselessly at this rock that 's pretty much my morning routine . CUT to : realtime - time - lapse : aron be deathly still as we travel towards he with the dagger of light . his leg be stretch out and the only movement be the change of leg halfway through . he stay in shot throughout get bigger and then smaller as the light approach and recede ; the sliver of light leave the canyon . CUT to : video : aron I keep chipping at the rock but just to generate warmth and give I something to do . I think it 's make it worse . I know it 's settling more on my arm as I remove material from it . the area where I chip flake off yesterday have already rotate down onto my arm . pause . I can not feel anything . pause . so I make a great tourniquet and I try to cut it off . CUT to : 43. realtime : we see he pull the elastic neoprene tub insulation from the camelbak . it 's stretchy , supple and strong and emerge like a thin snake . it 's perfect . he wrap the black neoprene around he right forearm 2 inch below he elbow . simple overhand knot tightened with he tooth . 2nd knot , 3rd knot , clip the neoprene with a carabiner and twist 6 time tight . aron owwwww now real pain in he right arm . weird smile at the success . the skin colour separate ; fish belly white below the tourniquet and bright red bunched up crush of flesh between the elbow and the tourniquet . aron ( cont 'd ) oh yeah . that aches . he take out the multi-tool and switch to the long blade . look at it . then he press the blade and draw it quickly across he forearm . nothing . repeat it harder . nothing . no cut , no blood , nothing . he switch to the short knife and saw viciously at the same point . aron ( cont 'd ) shit ! he release the tourniquet and as the blood flow return a series of angry red line establish themselves where he be saw . he look at they . aron ( cont 'd ) pathetic , aron , pathetic . CUT to : video : aron the blade be too blunt even to break the skin . I guess that 's the chipping . it 's not even a proper leatherman . it 's a knock - off one we get free in a gift pack with a torch ... Mom give it to I . long pause . sis. sonja , I be very proud of you . ( more ) 44 . aron ( cont 'd ) I do not get to hear firsthand how you championship go , but I hear from Mom that you place very well at the national competition , that you be tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation . hot damn , girl . I be very proud of you . not just for that but for who you be . he look directly in the lens for the first time . aron ( cont 'd ) I can imagine you in you live room look back at I . CUT to : int . canyon . day . we see he sister on she live room sofa . the sofa sit in the open section of the canyon . CUT to : int . canyon . day . video footage . aron I have be think about what my friend Rob in aspen say to I several ... frequently .. several time that , confusingly , ' it 's not what you do but who you be '. I kind of get hang up on that a lot , because I always think who I be , be very much wrap up with what I do . that I be happy because of the thing that I do that make I happy . if thing you do make you happy , then they can also make you unhappy . I think that 's why I find myself be as ambitious and energetic - the wind interrupt he and he shiver . aron ( cont 'd ) ( mutter , bitterly ) it 's cold ... this place be a ice - box at night ... and kill wind . 45 . pause aron ( cont 'd ) ( he struggle to complete the sense of the sentence ) " - to do all the outing that I do " . pause . as he lose track of what he 's say and then catch up , the canyon have become noticeably darker . he 's oblivious . aron ( cont 'd ) I do want to say , on the logistical side of thing , I have some american Express insurance that should cover cost of the recovery operation when that do happen . Bank account balance should take care of my credit-card debt . you will have to sell my house , Mom and dad . possession - wise , I do not know if sonja can use my computer and video camera ... CUT to : int . canyon . day . he 's interrupt by a sudden realization as he look first one way up the canyon and then the other . he look up at the sky above . CUT to : ext . slot canyon . day . aron' Pov . there 's a angry look black motherfucker of a cloud . CUT to : huge c/u of : a massive crack of noise like the land have split . his eye stare up , unblink , the corridor of light above he reflect in be contact lense like mirror . suddenly a drop of water hit he eye like a invisible bomb drop from the sky . CUT to : 46 . ext . desert . day . we be many mile away , the dust spit as though hit by silent bullet tracer fire . raindrop gather and multiply , soaking and bounce off the desert floor , they skim and slip into a groove and then another , the slit instantly fill and water drop crash on the new surface . the spillage spread and fill everything near it . we tilt up , the sky be furious black , and murderous . lightn arc across hundred of mile . CUT to : int . canyon . day . aron 's sky darken above he . instantly plunging he into a dark , violet nether -light . he look up the canyon as he pull at he arm in panic and try to gather he laid - out possession into he backpack . simultaneously he open he mouth to gather any drop he can into he parched throat . CUT to : ext . desert . day . a channel fill now as the groove spill and multiply . the water pour from above appear everywhere , visibility be virtually go , whether it 's through mist or darkness it 's impossible to tell . CUT to : ext . desert . day . another channel explode like a volcanic surging mass in every direction . the camera literally slip and slide as the water now seem to take a direction towards deeper gulley , look for something to fill , for somewhere to escape to . the floor of the desert become a river career towards the slot canyon . CUT to : ext . desert . day . now carry debris with it the water cascade into the natural pipe-work of the desert . CUT to : 47 . ext . blue JOHN canyon s-log . day . we see the S log from below as someone seem to pour unimaginable ton of water over the lip of the canyon above it . the wall glisten with force as the canyon become a 6ft wall of churn mud , hurtle towards the chockstone . the smaller one be pick up and toss downstream , smash and break on the bigger one . CUT to : int . canyon . day . wide . we can see aron in the distance pull at he arm . without time to watch it 's journey towards he , it seem to skip time and hit he like a tsunami under - surging the initial push of water on the floor . CUT to : int . canyon . day . closer . in a instant it smashes into he chest , scatter all of he possession as he still try to grab they . he push and pull , try to gain height but be underwater almost immediately . he try to take a huge suck of air before he 's submerge but even that be compromise by water . we hear he choke and he disappear into the liquid wall of mud . CUT to : int . canyon . day . underwater footage . we be with he underwater . he 's try to switch he light on . we can see almost nothing in this wash machine of churn slush and debris and malevolent water . the light flick on . he can see he arm and the rock . suddenly the water lift the chockstone and he arm release . he pull it towards he , luminous deathly white in the mud , and flat , and too big . CUT to : int . canyon . day . underwater footage . we be close on aron 's face , at last free but now suffocating in darkness . CUT to : 48 . int : canyon . night . aron gasp and throw he night bag off he head and to the floor . he 's sweat and gasp ; thumped alert but ... CUT to : title : " night three " : CUT to : int . canyon . night . ... the canyon be dry as Mars . he try to control he breathe . head down , sweat drip onto he arm - he lick it off and lift he head - a sudden shiver - look at he watch . CUT to : C /u. watch : the display change from 20.29 =&gt ; 20.30 CUT to : int . canyon . night . he can not believe so little time have pass . he 's only just close he eye . it 's go to be a long night . the two bottle stand look at he . he go back in the head bag and we go with he . CUT to : int . rope bag . night he hold the video camera at waist height and switch it to playback . he rewind through he message . stop , switch off playback and rewind the blue lcd screen to save battery . the light be surreal , soft lcd hell . CUT to : huge c/u of : battery time . time rewind , hurtle backwards . 49 . stop . Plays back . CUT to : int . cathedral cave . day . video footage . megan and kristi . the Cathedral . they clamber out in wet clothes - it 's from after they first jump . we see all three of they climb and fall and get out of the water and climb and fall , smash into the azure water . they face be drip wet , beam mad , scream and howling , completely natural , child really , on they first helter - skelter / Big dipper . he rewind this time in vision . kristi 's bra and pants be soaking . megan 's top cascade water as she rise out of the water . CUT to : int . rope bag . night for aron the volume of he and they shouting be deafen and the first human sound he have hear for day . he watch , stare , laugh ; not laugh , stare , eye tear in self - pity . CUT to : c/u : video camera he stop it in vision there 's water , joy , 2 beautiful girl , happiness , sensuality , company , freedom ... CUT to : int . rope bag . night . he look at the picture and then into the bag . his breathe be hard , pronounce . he carefully tell himself .. aron no. no. do not . he see the moisture on the inside of the bag , condensation . he lick it with he sticky tongue , twice , three time . he look back at the lcd screen . CUT to : 50 . int . rope bag . night . the lcd look back at he . CUT to : int . rope bag . night . he kill the image and snap it shut . CUT to : int . canyon . night . he emerge from the bag . 21.05 and look at the bottle . he take the camelbak and say ... aron see you later ... ... swallow quickly 2 ' spoon ' of urine without disturbing the sediment . tangy and bitter , the saltiness make he wince . CUT to : int . aron' truck . dusk . we be in he truck again but this time over he shoulder and we can see the scooby doo figure dance in the distance . it 's now light up too , as night be fall , and we be come at it from the other direction . as he get to it he swerve and follow its guide to the party . jump CUT to : ext . driveway . night jump cut , pull up at the party . jump CUT to : int . party . night . jump cut , inside it 's nice , full of ordinary decent people , though no one acknowledge aron as we stay attach to he shoulder . there 's a mini-scooby doo dance in the main room and there 's a light , early party atmosphere . aron search for the girl , approach any cluster to see which girl they contain . rana be there but do not acknowledge he . 51 . there 's no megan or kristi anywhere and we finally settle on the bar / drink table where there be a ocean of all kind of drink . and melting ice in huge bucket with bottle of beer float around in they . and orange juice , and popsicle . and melon , and lemon and lime . and grapefruit and orange for margarita be fill frost glass . during the ritual we ... CUT to : int . canyon . night aron duck out of he head - bag and shake he water bottle . something he always do - to check the sound of real water . to make sure he have not drunk it all without know . he open , tilt and hold as always and then ritualistically remove he contact lense and wash they in he mouth . suddenly a shiver tear across he like a attack dog . he cough a lens out and as he try to catch it before it go into the sand he tip the bottle in he lap . he have not put the top on fully . it go horizontal on he short and a leak of the sacred fluid darken he tan short . he whip it upright . aron ( furious at himself ) fuck a nut , aron . pay fuck attention - look what you do ? he stare at the stain - with all the dirt on he short it 's already paste . he screw the lid on slowly and can barely be bother to lift he lens into he mouth . CUT to : huge c/u of : with difficulty he put the murky lens back in he bloody eye . dissolve to : int . unknown . night . the image shift with the lens to night , everything short focus . only one thing at a time clear , everything else diffuse . no idea where we be . we come over aron 's shoulder and he 's clearly in the deep background of a vehicle . in front of he a half a dozen of he friend ( boy and girl ) ... and rana , excitedly chat . though we can hear nothing . 52 . gradually it become clear it 's night outside . they be all undress in they seat until all be butt naked . the tone ( we can not hear ) be clearly more infantile than sexual . we be beginning to see there 's a ferocious blizzard outside . and we appear to be badly expose to it . up a mountain , on the crest of a high road ... snow , hail , swirl savagely around all side of the truck . we remain inside . it 's warm , the heater blow . they prepare themselves for a mutual signal , press they window button . all the window open and a blizzard explode inside the vehicle . CUT to : ext . mountain . night . one shot outside - pove naked arm out the window shaking and salute the storm . they crazy , happy face through the windscreen as the weather invade the vehicle . CUT to : int . canyon . night . aron very still , listen to they scream . he look at he knife dangle from he wrist by the shoelace . CUT to : ext . canyon . sunrise . hundred of mile of canyon - sunrise . the inner canyon change from dark umber and black shadow to immense band of pastel yellow , white , green and a hundred shade of red , a hallucinogenic movement towards light . v.o. ` good morning America ! ' etc . there 's a chorus of ' good morning ' from american tv &amp ; radio show . literally dozen of they from Texas to Oregon , Massachusetts to the carolinas . CUT to : title : " tuesday " : CUT to : 53. int . canyon . morning . video footage . aron join the morning chorus . aron good morning everyone ! it 's 6:45 Tuesday morning in BJ Canyon . the weather be great ! I figure by now that leona , my housemate - hi leona ! - have miss I hopefully since I do not show up last night . another hour and a half they ' will miss I for not show up for work . hi brion at work ! best case scenario be they notify the police and after a 24 hour hold they file a report , a miss person report . which mean noon tomorrow it 's official that I be go . I do still have the tiniest bit of water leave . well , actually , I have resort ... I have have a couple pretty good gulp of urine that I save in my camelbak . I sorta let it distill ... it taste like hell . so it 's 70 hour since I leave on my bike from horseshoe trailhead during which time I have consume 3 liter of water and a couple mouthful of piss . pause . do I say the weather be great ? well , it be . though flash flood potential be still present . there 's 4 - prong major canyon upstream from I that all converge in this 3 foot wide gap where I be . the rock I pull down on top of I , it be put there by flood . pause still , I would get a drink . he shudder , it 's ridiculous . then compose himself during a long blink and look straight at the camera . aron ( cont 'd ) Mom , dad , I really love you guy . I want to take this time to say the time we have spend together have be awesome . I have not appreciate you in my own heart the way I know I could . Mom , I love you . I wish I would return all of you call , ever . ( more ) 54 . aron ( cont 'd ) I really have live this last year . I wish I have learn some lesson more astutely , more rapidly , than I do . I love you . I will always be with you . CUT to : int . canyon . morning . switch off the camera . he charge into set up the 6:1 haul system again . much quick this time . he clear the rope - the rock - of he possession and put he sunglass on . aron ready for lift-off . he bounce he full weight in the stirrup and pull on the haul line . it look a better set up . aron ( cont 'd ) come on , move , dammit . nothing . he stop . and stare directly at the knife below he . absolute stillness . nothing move . not he . not even the insect . CUT to : int . canyon . morning . the knife stare back . CUT to : int . canyon . morning . without warning he suddenly tourniquet he arm again . twice around the fore arm , knotted twice and clipped with a carabiner that he twist 6 time . he secure the fix by attach the purple webbing . look to he watch CUT to : c/u : digital numeral 7:58am . CUT to : 55 . int . canyon . day . he fold open the knife , grasp it in he fist and pick a spot just above the rock 's grip on he right wrist , he hesitates and then violently plunge the blade into he arm up to the hilt . he let go leave the knife embed . he swoon and stare at it . he slowly grasp the tool more firmly and wriggle it slightly , the blade connect with something hard . he tap the knife down and feel it knock on the radius of he upper forearm bone . he put he ear close and we can hear the little thock sound . aron whoa , that 's the bone . he pull the knife out open the wound more . there 's barely any blood . he poke at the gash with the tool . aron ( cont 'd ) ouch ! he can see the epidermis , thick and leathery rough . yellow fatty tissue under the skin in a membrane layer around the muscle . he thock , thock again and some blood finally seep out and block he view . he pull the knife out and think . he 's sweat and put the tool on top of the chockstone . he immediately pull up he water bottle and stare into it . with a little shake he open it and drink it all gulp open throat . he shake any last drop down and run he tongue up into the neck . he screw the lid back on and loosen the tourniquet . there 's no discernible increase in blood loss . he pick up the video again . CUT to : video footage aron ( cont 'd ) this next part may not be for all viewer at home . it 's a little after eight . at precisely eight o'clock I take my last sip of clean water ... and ... hide you eye , Mom ... he pan across the boulder and zoom in on the wound , smatter with bright red blood . 56 . aron ( cont 'd ) I make a attempt - a short career in surgery , as it turn out - that knife be just not anywhere close to the task . I have get about a inch - wide gash in my arm that go about a half inch deep . I cut down through the skin and the fatty tissue , and through some of the muscle . I think I cut a tendon , but I be not sure . I will never see through the bone with this knife . I try , anyways . it really just do not go well . the tourniquet be relaxed at this point . which actually be a little bothersome , consider I be not bleed that bad , barely at all . it 's so weird . you would expect to definitely see more pulsing and bleed , but oh well . pause I be really fuck now . I be out of water . CUT to : int . canyon . day . stop the video and rip a section of he t-shirt to make a impromptu bandage to cover the wound . as he tie it with he tooth there 's a rush of someone else 's noise : the swat of wing . he grab the camera just in time to catch the very end of the raven 's flight 70 ft above he head . aron shit miss it . 8:31 am . he 's late and I still miss it . we can hear he heart racing . he hold he leave hand to it hope to calm it down . CUT to : ext . stadium . crowd . like the beginning there be thousand of fan fill the screen , people everywhere , maybe hold lighter . and again like the beginning the screen split into 2 ... 57 . title : " night four . wednesday . night five " CUT to : int / ext . various . the rest of Tuesday and night , and Wednesday and night play out through the triptych . repetition be use to create a trippy sense of lose coherence - sometimes there 's 3 aron do the same thing . it could be consecutive day or he 's forget . at key moment it resolve to one image and then back again . thing seem to loop and he close - up almost seem to watch the loop happen again and again . this be particularly true inside the head bag at night . when he light be switch on it 's bleach and monstrously overlit , like cruel hd close - up - he disintegration be terrifying . when it 's off we establish a night vision , of green , of blue , that allow we to witness he in hide . the image , sometimes of himself also , play out on the interior surface of the bag . the effect be like wraparound imax , multi-screen technicolor . int . canyon . day . diptych . aron have he headphone on ext . stadium crowd listen to the live concert again . the laser in the CD the crowd smear , skip . drag and distort . it 's be damage by the time in the number skip on the the sand . display . as they stop ... CUT to : int . canyon . day . aron fall into the canyon . 58 . Beyond the foot 11.32 =&gt ; 11.33 in the sunlight aron fall again into the huge figure . dagger . we do not canyon replay in slower see above waist motion v.o : here he be height . someone aron lift a carry 2 huge huge rock onto office water he shoulder dispenser by and heave it they neck walk to crash on into the canyon the chockstone he walk up to aron it shatter and put they down into dust . he side and leave . it 's like aron : quarry mining . ` thanks ' he find a black shot - advert - 7 up , etc . some putt size televise , some billboard rock and some radio , pull tab can begin split and spit , slurpe hammer with grapefruit juice , oj that - popsicle . aron : `owwww ! ' but he carry on . shuddering so violently with temperature 57 - shiver , like 56 - 55 ( huge a fit tooth figure ) chatter , racking he a figure start body with a a small fire to furious comfort aron. vengeance . perfect for bacon and bean . he piss again 02.02=&gt;03.03=&gt;04.04 aron : huge luminous figure on there 's the " I can not believe the inside of the black interior scooby this ... " bag . doo wave at a decant the table in front sediment out of v.o : there you be of it pile to camelbak . the creak point stench of the with margaritas sediment make the excess run he retch and jerk down the table away . where be all leg . this come from ? aron : ` fuck aron 05.05 we see it reflect that shit stink ' on he eyeball the eyelid rustle back and forward . finish he tuck back in but video footage : during this we there 's a small [ aron : rambling on video see picture , 59 . bloom . aron : only sometime coherent ] unremarkable ` you can shake Tom , thanks for the lovely , natural and you can dance fire last night ... but the last my friend Rob in aspen one of Erik + drop be in the say to I several ... jon + kristi + pants ' - of pee frequently ... several Matt + Brent + on he short . time , confusingly , Gary + judson + bryan + mike + int . rob in canyon on sofa . Rachel + Angie rob : ` it 's not what you do [ some take but who you be ' . there turn on + Erik + rana + the sofa in sonja + Jean Marc the canyon ] + chad + keller + soha + Craig + aron fall brandon + chip + one of the thing again - the norm I be learn here be that I accident do not enjoy people 's re-run in company that I be with silhouette enough , or as much as I could have . a lot of really good people have spend time with I . very often I tend to ignore or dismiss they presence in seek the he eat the essence of they presence . last bite of burrito washed do that make sense ? down with a swig of urine , he switch off and apply wince and lip balm . swallow somehow . aron : he look at it and bite a ` that 's it . bit off . masticate it on I be on the and on ... chew . urine diet now . well , the chockstone it 's no wait and aron 's slurpee ... ' foot kick and then land and they fall together . the raven fly . =&gt ; the accident run in aron watch reverse the raven int . store room . day . reflected on the inside of the night head bag . aron chipping away desultory a slit of light in blackness reveal jon in work clothes . aron lick a light switch flick on and moisture thin metal shelf full of condensation clean supplies appear he take shot from inside the on 3 side , industrial mop , of himself bag . his head - aron in he canyon gear , with he still 60 . lamp blink right arm out of focus . camera and of unreliably . tries to knock on door with he hand and leave arm . jon stop he and of the light indicate it will not do any in the canyon . v.o : where be good . he take one you go ? with the flash video footage : at night in aron : I be hold on but the canyon . it 's really slow down , and one inside the time be go really the bag slow but my heart rate be blind int . garage . day . go like crazy [ we hear himself . the we be in the it pounding in contrast spot in he doorway of a to he slurring delivery ] eye bleed garage with I swear it 's like 3 x what across into friend in the it should be ... other shot background gather and change around rana who colour . be work on one rewinded video - of the giant megan and kristi Easter Island mask and back through for Burning man. he life in the she chat away , canyon and then carefree , some of he she 's in baggy climb in snow dungaree or that exist on overall with she the tape - triumphant hair fall around pose on top of the icy she face out of its wonder . all ice pick hairband . she brushes and Gore - tex . it back and fleck of plaster of Paris dust she skin . she notice aron. v.o : he 's over here rana : there you be . she shout to someone : rana : here he be . mum and dad sit on sofa . sofa sit in canyon he imagine in front of he - flash - flood he head in of light the dagger of sunlight . he head turn always rana 's face be remain in huge on the inside the light . a of he head bag , smile accelerate at he . her face in huge carousel of scale compare to he head . yellow warmth . CUT to : all the screen go black . 61 . int . rope bag . black . breathe close but shallow and rasp . aron God , it 's aron again . I still need some help . it 's get bad here . I be out of water and food . listen . give I the strength not to do anything against myself . I want to see this through , whatever . a rumbling thunderous sound grow and the inside of the bag begin to bear the image of the top of the canyon at dawn but crumpled like paper , crease like the bag [ but stretched across 2 screen ] . the noise grow and grow ... CUT to : int . canyon . day . int . canyon . day . aron' upward Pov . when it can get no louder obscure the light on a horse leap the 6 ft gap he face once they have at the top of the canyon . go and only dust it 's follow by dozen of fall lightly be horse stampede across he evidence then ... roof .... CUT to : ext . sky . day . ... the raven beat its wing across the canyon . CUT to : int . canyon . day . single screen . we tilt down the wall ( still reflect on inside of bag ) to see aron complete he obit . scratch on wall of canyon : aron Oct 75 =&gt ; apr 03 rip . as we reverse back on aron in the canyon there 's a burst of light and color beyond he and on the sofa in the canyon a little boy sit . he 's blond , about 3 and in a red polo shirt . he look like aron . aron walk towards he , the sunlight hit he face like a train and aron look up to it but keep move towards the boy , walk downhill towards the sofa . the boy leap off the sofa and come run to aron . 62 . he scoops the boy up with he leave arm and balance he around he shoulder with he right hand stump . the boy hold aron 's arm in he little hand and they prance around the sofa , they giggle and shout play bull , giraffe , elephant , jousting knight , pretend to walk downhill behind the sofa . like any father in any park . [ a perfect pop song , blondie maybe , plays in the distance ] . like any father in any park . aron watch the image begin to fade . he switch on the light but its low and feeble . as the image on the inside of the bag fade so too do aron 's lamp . he try to warm it up but it fade to black . he hold he breath . CUT to : int . canyon . day . it 's strangely still even by the canyon 's standard . he peek out from he head bag ; he contact be cloudy and sore to blink . you can hear he blink . Eye socket rasp against eyeball . the head loll like he 's lose control of the neck muscle . his tongue rasp as he flexe he mouth to prevent sealing . CUT to : title . " thursday may 1st " . CUT to : int . canyon . day . he look at he obituary on the wall . aron . oct 75 =&gt ; apr 03. rip . aron out of date . May Day . not dead . he smirk . 8:15 wait for the raven . no sign intercut with : C /u. digital numeral . 8:30 . nothing . 63. 8:45 no raven . CUT to : int . canyon . day . video footage . it 's tough look at he . so long without water . the dehydration be frightening . aron no raven today . everything 's fuck . sonja ... if you still want I to play at you wedding ... there 's a tape in a box in the basement of Mom and dad 's Lounge . it 's I 1993 or 1994 . we hear the music . mozart , Beethoven , bach , chopin - he can hear it as he play it until ... aron ( cont 'd ) there be a little boy , and he look like my cousin Charlie but he be too young . and I do not want to die ... but I really do not know what to do . pause . quietly , deadly : voice I do this aron . I create this . the boulder do what it be here to do . it be wait for I but it do the only natural thing it could do . I choose to come here , I choose to do this descent by myself . I choose not to tell anyone where I be go . I choose to turn away from the woman who be there to keep I from get in this trouble . I want it to be like this . look how far I come to find this spot . it 's not that I be get what I deserve - I be get what I want . he 's empty now . he click the camera shut and put it away . that 's over . CUT to : 64 . int . canyon . day . he look at he ' good ' hand . it 's swollen and angry red like a inflate prosthetic on top and around of he real hand . he take off he shoe and pull the sock over he hand to cushion he palm and pick up the black round hammer rock again . ignoring the pain he start hammer at the rock surface . smash . mad now . aron I hate this rock . the rage bloom purple in he mind . aron ( cont 'd ) I hate it . his face swell with anger , nostril flaring . aron ( cont 'd ) I hate this fuck canyon . a small mushroom cloud of pulverize grit and dust erupt each time . aron ( cont 'd ) I hate this cold slab press I against this damp fuck wall . smash , smash , smash . aron ( cont 'd ) I know there 's water near cause of this fuck mosquito . the sock quickly disintegrate with friction as he hammer and hammer . aron ( cont 'd ) I hate this fuck mess . finally he stop but he finger be paralyze , fuse rigid around the rock . he pull they off with he tooth and the stone drop to he foot . there 's a thick layer of dust across the top of the stone and he right arm . he try to blow it away . he fail . tire , it 's too thick and he 's too dehydrated . he pick up he knife and use this start sweeping the grit off he thumb . as he clean up he accidentally rip away a thin piece of decaye flesh . it peel back a long way like a skin of boil milk . the insect start to gather . aron ( cont 'd ) shit . 65 . he poke the thumb with the stubbed point of the blade . on the second prod the blade puncture the epidermis like soft butter . there be a clear hiss as gas escape . the stench be death . he look at the gangrene attach to he , poisoning he . aron ( quiet , clear ) ( cont 'd ) get rid of it aron , it 's dead , it 's garbage . he drop to he haunch but the webbing stop he at he waist . he detach it and drop down again , almost able to squat . his trap arm be the only thing prevent that . his face be suddenly open . he push and push with he leave hand under the boulder to create maximum downward force on he right arm . hard , harder , harder . it look insane , unnatural and painful , but he say nothing . pow like a gunshot in the canyon , the bone break . the sound ricochet . he rise and see the bone push up violently against the skin . he feel it . it 's a serrate , but clean , successful break . still he say nothing . now he hump he body up and over the chockstone , smear he foot , one with a shoe , one without , against the wall , he push grab further and further round the dark side of the chockstone , pull with a silent , furious intensity . hard , then harder , and harder . bang a second gun shot smashes around the canyon . he 's sweat heavily and yet euphoric , possess . he check the underneath of the arm . it 's break too . around the same place . he can rotate he forearm like a shaft inside a housing . give himself no time to wake up he grab the knife , look at the watch - CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . 10:32 CUT to : 66 . int . canyon . day . he mutter ... aron ok aron , here we go . you be in it now . he push the knife hard , to the hilt , in between 2 vein on he wrist . fuck know where the sweat be come from but it 's pour out of he . sawing downward he make as large a hole as he can without tear any of the noodle like vein . he put the knife in he tooth and poke he leave forefinger and thumb inside he right arm . like a mechanic he look to analyse and then he work by feel only . his sweat fall on he knife mixing with the blood . he pull muscle nearer the surface allow he knife to slice and pare away at a pinky ' finger -size ' fragment bit by bit . it take a dozen action , each time the knife go back to he tooth . sort. pinch . rotate . slice . there 's not a lot of blood . but he keep work and work . once the blood increase he put the knife down on top of the rock and swiftly tie he tourniquet . he 's silent , refuse to verbalize the pain . CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . 10.53 CUT to : int . canyon . day . he can not cut the tendon , no matter how hard he slice . but nothing will stop he addiction to surgery now . he fold in and swap the blade for the plier . he use they to bite into a edge of the yellowy tendon . then squeezing and twist he tear away a fragment . grip. squeeze . twist . tear . 67 . finally he finish the tendon . CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . 11:16 CUT to : int . canyon . day . he return to the knife . finally all that remain inside be a pale white strand . like swollen angel hair pasta . the nerve . he touch it with the knife edge . aron aaaaarrrrrgggghhhh ! he explode internally with vocal pain , through gritt tooth . the first time he have make any sound during the surgery . but it 's like he 's be taser -ed , he 's stunne still for a minute CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . 11:17 CUT to : int . canyon . day . he look at it ... the nerve . CUT to : int . canyon . day . ... and the thin , swollen wire of he own nerve look back at he . for the final time , he ask himself , ` can you do this ? ' CUT to : int . canyon . day . he put the knife in and pull it toward he , a inch , two inch , it lengthen like pull a guitar string . unimaginable pain build in he whole body , like he 's push he arm into a cauldron of magma ... 68 . ( it 's difficult to tell because everything be so tight and claustrophobic but maybe the boy be there intermittently riding he shoulder slip across and around he , or obstruct by the boulder and stop from get to aron ) ... until it break . he shudder in shock and drop everything for minute . his head loll forward drip . his mind swarm with trauma . and then he 's back on the last action stretch the skin of he outer wrist tight and saw the blade into the wall . it 's a piece of gristle on a cut board . everything now be force we towards the boulder , cramping we in with he impossibly close , he 's sweat and heaving , he vision blur with tear , he contact fail , he breath impossibly dry and rasp and then , as simply as this all begin , he shoulder open and he 's free ...... he stagger back , one , two , three step away from he arm ... his head swarm with colour , swoon , overpower . he stare at he obituary as he 's bear again . his foot stagger under he like a new foal , a involuntary dance , we see colour bleed and blend in he p.o.v.s and the colour invade we shot of he . aron ( spitting out this declaration at the rock ) I am not go to die .... here . CUT to : c/u : digital numeral . 11.34 be CUT to : int . canyon . day . he 's busy package he stump in the plastic grocery sack and then wrapping that with the yellow webbing he wear as a chocker to keep he neck warm in the night . he stuff the repackage arm into the empty camelbak backpack and throw the strap over he neck to hold the arm in a makeshift sling . pack he bag , water reservoir , full bottle of shiny urine , video , pocket knife . grab he climb rope , messy and knotted from its use as insulation , and head off down the canyon . stop almost immediately and hesitates for a beat . he return 69 . to take 2 photo on he still camera of the rock and he hand . Goodbye . CUT to : int . canyon . day . and now the motion and energy and life force of the action movie return ... it 's like Ray liotta 's final day in goodfella ; relentless , frustrating , pressure of life again now he 's free from he tomb . deeper and deeper , down and down into the swirl scoops of the sandstone . couple of difficult manoeuvre , lot of slip and bump , despite he best effort occasionally he right shoulder take the brunt and he stop , wince and grunt through the pain . but on he go , 100 ft of the rope trail behind he . as we follow its progress snake after he we see specs of blood on the lower wall . the canyon become a chute increasingly steep in which he ignore the shrink daylight above because he have another target ; the twist and turn of the curricle of sediment sandstone lead to a soft glow , red , translucent , grow and grow in intensity . he push forward , the tail of rope whipping faster and faster along the wall and floor . CUT to : int / ext . rock shelf . day . finally , we burst into the dazzle midday sun on a rock shelf halfway up a sheer wall amphitheatre , 200ft high . the scale of the slate cliff face opposite be breathtaking , the dazzle sunlight poach the air he suck in and burn he dry eye . he see , for the first time in he new life , green . the deep green of a healthy 50ft tree below he and to he leave , and he know . he look for the bolt drill into the rock , and he know . now he can look down . right to the edge of vertiginous drop and there below be a puddle of shallow turgid water . life itself . he want it to be there and now he 's mesmerize by it . a pair of swift leave the tree and zig zag up and around he . he wobble and have to stop himself lung head first over the precipice . instead he drop to the bolt and kiss they like the pope arrive in a foreign land . unravell the rope of its knot , he 's baking in blaze 70 . light . he can not go yet , every knot must be undone pull open between he tooth and he hand . but he will die if he can not have moisture . he tip the save urine over himself and lick and retching simultaneously he suddenly stop and listen . he can hear a shuffle , a zip -zip ... the rope be uncoil over the ledge . he put it down to drink . pick up speed the more it fall , there 's only a few foot leave . he lunge across the ledge and catch it just in time . that be he future disappear over the ledge . CUT to : ext . canyon . day we be far below - 6 storey - and see he inch over the edge . something 's not right . it 's a difficult overhang and he 's awkward and vulnerable with only one useful arm . his bad arm catch horribly on the lip of the ledge . suddenly he start come fast , faster and then hideously , much too fast , accelerate out of control and smash into the water with deadly force . CUT to : int . underwater . day . we be underneath , deep in the pool , and he crash in a explosive cascade of air force into the water . CUT to : ext . c/u : day . his foot gently touch the sandy floor , 10ft to the side of the pool ... CUT to : ext . pool . day ... he 's a great climber and even in he present condition have perfectly execute the descent . and the pool be a puddle , swim with dead leave and insect , 2 inch deep at most . he fall on it with he bottle , fill they and dip he mouth into the water , he wash he head , drink and fill , drink and gargle , and drink again - insect , leave , tadpole , everything . blood splashes in beside he so out come he map again as he plot he way out . he see a great goose - neck avenue before he bend to the right . 71 . check the map ... there 's a long way to go and he 's small , nothing in this landscape . CUT to : ext . ( various ) canyon . day . he walk shed any weight that might reduce how long he can keep go ; he equipment , carabiner , headphone ; he harness leave like a spend snake skin behind he . he keep to the shadow of the huge monument Valley - like cliff when he can . CUT to : ext . horseshoe canyon . day . finally , he come to the great gallery that we see in the open title . a 300ft huge wall with dozen of broad shoulder figure paint to enormous scale in all shade of tan and maroon . they seem to stare back at he . he salute they in he own way and continue . he bank leave beneath a colossal alcove high up in the cliff face and make to the flattest ground - there 's no shade to hide in here . CUT to : ext . horseshoe canyon . day . 70 yard ahead , 3 alien be walk away from he . 2 tall , one short . all with elongate body and tiny head , shimmer in the heat . he go to shout but he voice catch . then a feeble effort be lose in the vast scale of the canyon . the figure walk on bend and disappear in the light . he dig deep . aron help ! and the figure turn . there 's a terrible pause of uncertainty on both side and then he push out another heartbreaking - aron ( cont 'd ) help I ! I need help ! the figure begin to run towards he . we watch he face in close up as they come . if tear come , then now they come at the sight of human . he mutter to himself . 72 . aron ( cont 'd ) hang in there aron . at they get closer he summon a surge of energy from somewhere . aron ( cont 'd ) my name be aron ralston . I be trap by a boulder on Saturday and I have be without food and water for 5 day . I cut my arm off this morning to get free and I have lose a lot of blood . I need medical attention . there 's a pause as they look at this refugee from a low budget horror movie . he hungrily eye the water bottle attach to they waist band . this give they a way in to he world . the moment be break by they offer he they water . it pour down he throat bypass the swallow mechanism . CUT to : int . tv studio . day . erik mejer testimony ( Erik 's English be almost perfect , although accented and without humour . his family sit beside he on comfortable chair in a tv studio . they be very pleased to be there ) erik we be the mejer from Holland . at the start of the trailhead we talk to a ranger who tell we about a car that be park in the area already for several day and that the owner might be miss in the canyon . we joke that we would keep we eye open and that we would try to find he . after a hike of 5.3 kilometre to the great Gallery ( indian rock art ) where we take some picture , we return and suddenly hear a noise behind we , and after that a voice that cry " help , I need help " . monique and I immediately realize that this have to be the miss person . ( more ) 73. erik ( cont 'd ) we do not find he , he find we ! we give he we water and oreos . CUT to : ext . horseshoe canyon . day . back now live as aron wolf down the cookie and organise the mejer in a series of jump cut push we through the final stage - he 's brutally practical . erik we be the mejer from Holland . you should stop and rest . aron no , we need to keep hike . we need a helicopter - who can run fastest ?- you , go now fast . take he . monique run ahead with Andy , she son . erik they tell we you be here . aron who ? who tell you ? erik the police at the parking lot aron do you have a phone ? erik there 's no signal for mile . nobody for 6 day and then like London bus another couple appear . they too be confront by : aron do you have a cell phone ? wayne no. I be Wayne . I have some medical training . aron be it ok for I to drink so much water ? 74 . wayne sure so long as it do not make you vomit . aron drink more and more , he overhear ... wayne ( cont 'd ) ( to erik ) make sure he do not pass out . aron I gotta stop and empty my shoe . you will have to tie my shoe lace . as he sit he head slump forward . he 's absolutely motionless . Wayne and Erik try to talk to he but he can barely hear they . a pop song spin round and round distantly . he strain to pull he head up , and , stare , drop forward to he knee . there it be . fill he vision like a god . whirl scream in front of he , dust blast he as he kneel . a helicopter . CUT to : ext . helicopter . day . a strange slightly formal man pop out of the helicopter . he almost look like he 's part of the matrix . pilot be you aron ? aron yes I be . can I get a lift ? CUT to : ext . helicopter . day . aron look at the beautiful white leather seat before he get in the back of the helicopter . surreal . it 's a startling contrast to he frankenstein , and even now it 's not lose on he . aron I be gonna make a terrible mess of you seat . pilot just get in buddy . we be all look for you . the helicopter suck upwards into the sky leave Wayne , monique , Andy and Erik far below . 75 . _____________________________________________________________ 1000 hour later CUT to : int . underwater . day . underwater . a figure dive in , pull strong breast stroke down and towards we . its aron , fully recover after surgery . eye open , he pull and pull down through crystal clear , oxygenate water . intercut with : ext / int . hospital room . day . as the helicopter and gurney staff transfer he into the medic room he 's surround by vertical giant as he lie horizontal for the first time in 6 day . aron thank you for bring I back . the most senior of the burly man say , burly man that 's all you miracle day use up kid . you need to rest . you can stand everyone a beer later . aron be greet by medic . Needles . care. machine . tube . aron will you look after this for I please ? he open he fist and there be the small fold up knife . CUT to : int . underwater . day . he pull again release a huge chunk of air into a metallic bubble . CUT to : 76 . int . hospital room . day . a very soft voice read . voice ( mom ) ...his love , the peace that passeth all understanding ... aron Mom . mom my boy . my only one . there you be . she stroke he head so gently . aron hey Mom . mom how be you feel ? aron ok . be you okay ... mom you have be asleep for 2 day . we be so lucky ... she 's a decent woman and a devote mum . she look weary , wear out with worry and love for she boy . aron Mom , I be sorry I scared you . very soft voice ( again ) - aron hear the same word as he drift back into drugge rest . voice ( mom ) ...his love , the peace that passeth all understanding ... CUT to : int . underwater . day . face underwater . pull and kick . wanting oxygen now . intercut with : int . PRESS conference . day . ( all of this without SOUND ) flash of celebrity . his first press conference . and boy , be there a lot of press there ! 77 . aron , of course have he camera with he as he walk out and take a snap of the noise and light . we see he still , it 's floor to ceiling , wall to wall journalist . CUT to : ext . pool . day . we can see he beneath , swim along the floor of the pool , like a diver building lung capacity . CUT to : ext . vast crowd . stadium . night . the vast crowd again , floodlit , ready to begin they evening . CUT to : int . aron' truck . night . in aron 's 4 x 4 somewhere in the endless parking lot outside the stadium . rana be wear glass , read a sms she 's just receive . rana ok - he 's get 3 vegetarian hotdog and the ticket and he will be outside Gate 6 in 5 . aron so be you guy ok with I ? rana yeah . we split up a while back when you be in hospital . aron christine tell I . rana ( always to the point ) be that what this be about ? aron yeah . she laugh at he . rana what about the climb ? aron reach in he bag and pull out he scary look prosthetic arm / axe . he clink the point together . she do not laugh , maybe a smile . 78 . rana ( cont 'd ) solo ? aron I be gonna finish the 49er this winter or next . rana ( to change it ) well , all I can not figure out be what take you so long to cut it off and get one of this . they both laugh . but he also answer . aron rana , before I do it I be hallucinate , I see this child , a little blond boy - rana ( over she glass ) not Jesus please ... aron no , he look like my cousin Charlie but way too young ... and I do not know why but I know he be mine and that this be what lay in front of I . he look at she . pause . she do not say anything . aron ( cont 'd ) but it 's not go to be you , be it ? rana no aron , it 's not . aron ( he know ) ok . rana lean over and tenderly kiss he cheek . rana you know , everyone who care for you , a little bit of they die each time you go back . before he can work out how to answer she break the door open . 79 . rana ( cont 'd ) let 's go hero . if they do the fly first and we miss it we will never be forgiven . ext . concert . night . the concert explode into life . the pop song plays over : ` a man will rise , a man will fall ... int . underwater . day . his face push for the surface . he surge up and out of the water , to cling by he elbow on the side of the pool . no prosthetic . song continue over : ... from the sheer face of love like a fly from a wall ' CUT to : ext . pool . day . there in front of he on the grass by the pool be the same sofa as in the canyon . on it and around it , he friend and family , include rana . there 's so many of they they fill the screen . tucked deep into the sofa , be he son giggle away . they smile , simple , silent support for he . he look right back at they . the end