13/13/13 written by James Cullen bressack 5/15/13 teaser fade in : wide -ext . jack house -afternoon jack drive up to he house and park out front of it . he sit there for a few moment . int . jack 's car - afternoon Jack be look at himself in the rearview mirror of he car . it 's night time and he look wear from a long day at the office . ext . jack 's house - afternoon - continuous he slowly exit he car , attempt to brush off the stress of the day by plaster on a smile . he walk up the walkway to he house and open the front door . int . jack 's house - live room - afternoon - continuous the house be dark but candle light in a sensual and romantic way . jack honey , sorry I be late ! Long but productive day at work ! Jack try to sound positive . a laugh be hear come from up stair . jack ( cont 'd ) kendra , be that you babe ? Jack think the laugh belong to he daughter , kendra [ 12 ] . there be no response from upstairs . he notice rise petal on the staircase and start put two and two together . he begin walk up the stair while take off he suit jacket and tie . jack ( cont 'd ) hun , you do not tell I you get a sitter for kendra ! you really outdid yourself this time . ( continued ) continued : Jack reach the top of the stair case and see a tv flicker in he daughter 's room behind the slightly ajar bedroom door . there be giggle behind the door . confused , he push the bedroom door open only to find he wife , marcy , sit indian style on the floor wear a face mask make out of the skin from kendra 's face . sitting next to she be kendra , whose face be completely skinned off but still fully function , play with she toy . she turn to look back at she father . kendra come play doll House with we daddy . the tv make a loud noise and a 13 flash on it . Jack 's watch display a 13:13 on it . suddenly marcy scream and lunge at Jack violently . Jack fall back try to avoid he rabid wife . his watch start beep . hard CUT : act 1 int . tent - morning Jack be breathe heavy . Jack turn to take in he surroundings . he be in a sleep bag inside of a tent . he begin to remember where he be ( on a camp trip with he close friend ) . he shake off the dream and exit the tent . ext . campfire - morning outside of the tent , joe , trevor and quentin be see huddle around a camp fire . they be all drink beer . they all seem to be in a good mood . Jack approach the group . quentin hey there sleepy head . you want a beer ? ( continued ) continued : jack but it 's morning ... quentin toss he a beer . quentin look alive , bud . Jack catch the beer and open it up . it froth up a little bit at the top . he take a sip and sit down next to everyone at the campfire . jack thanks ... quentin do not mention it . joe so ... where be i? trevor the dog have kill the neighbor rabbit . joe oh yea . so the dog have kill my neighbor 's rabbit . so after I panicked a little , my girl say that we could cover it up . see the neighbor be out of town and they just have this generic white rabbit . so I rush to the store and get another and put it in the cage . figure they would be none the wiser . trevor start laugh . encourage by trevor 's laugh Joe continue with more excitement . Jack seem to be drift off . joe ( cont 'd ) so that 's not the best part . the best part be , a few day later , Mr. and Mrs. come home . I hear a blood curdle scream , like the wife be be attack or somethin’ . so I rush on over only to find she stand in front of the cage point at that damn replacement rabbit and just sobbin . ( continued ) continued : a giant grin come across quentin 's face . Jack be still shake from he dream . trevor so what happen next ? joe I be gettin to that . so anyways I ask she husband what 's wrong . and he tell I that shes upset cause the rabbit die right before they go on vacation and they bury it , but there it be now just sit in that cage . Joe , trevor , and quentin all start laugh , but Jack be silent . trevor no way ! joe ai not that the craziest story you ever hear ? quentin yeah , it be even crazier the first time I hear it , on Oprah . joe Oprah tell my story ? how have she hear it ? I do not remember tellin she nuthin . quentin it 's a urban legend , dumbass . Jack look down at he wrist and notice that he digital watch read 13:13 . suddenly Jack become a bit uneasy . joe but it actually happen to I . Jack jump into the conversation abruptly . jack who mess around with my watch ? quentin what do you mean ? ( continued ) continued : jack someone change it to army time and set the wrong time on it . joe ai not no body mess with you watch there , sleep beauty . Joe , quentin , and trevor laugh . Jack be visually displease . jack it 's not 13:13 . who mess with my watch ? quentin Jack no one touch you damn watch . why 's it matter anyway ? just change it back . anyway Joe , you story have be tell a thousand time . joe fuck you quentin . Jack look upset . ext . campfire - day Jack , Joe , quentin , and trevor be pack up the pack gear into quentin 's car . Jack be a little out of it . he do not sleep much last night . quentin come on guy ! get the lead out . joe well maybe if you get off you high horse and carry more this would be do quick . trevor he have a point , quentin . quentin hey man , ya will gotta work now , I gotta work later . after its all pack up you guy get to rest for a while and I have to drive . joe I would gladly drive . ( continued ) continued : quentin not a option . Joe stuff some camp gear into the trunk of the car . trevor there 's only a little bit leave . let 's just get it do while the princess get he beauty rest . quentin turn and look at Jack who be do nothing . quentin Jack what be you do ? Jack look up at quentin . jack sorry buddy . I just kind of zone out . I do not really sleep last night . quentin laugh . he step down from he car and walk towards Jack . quentin be you kid I bud ? all you do be sleep last night . jack I do not get back to sleep after I wake up . I have a nightmare , man . quentin next thing you be gonna do be tell I you be wetting you bed . nightmares ... ha ! jack quentin , shut up ... quentin survey jack face and see he be not happy . he try to cheer he up . quentin Jack , you be a cop , buddy ! no nightmare can scare you that bad . we see much worse thing on the force together . I know you do , killer . quentin nudge Jack with he elbow and chuckle . ( continued ) continued : Jack be visually displease . his facial expression read disgust . he push quentin 's arm down . jack just stop . quentin what 's the matter , jacky boy ? quentin smile . jack let 's just finish pack and go . Jack start to walk away from quentin and help with the pack . quentin let 's get a move on . Jack , Joe and trevor all roll they eye as they finish pack the last of the car up . quentin walk up to the driver seat and honk the horn . quentin ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! joe that 's everything . the guy start walk to get into the car as Joe close the trunk of the car . Jack climb into the passenger seat as trevor get into the back seat . Joe get into the back seat shortly after . the car drive off . ext . desert - day we see a wide shot of the car drive through a bare desert . int . quentin 's car - day quentin be drive he car . Jack be riding shotgun . trevor and Joe be in the back seat . the car be pack up with all the camp gear . ( continued ) continued : quentin I be glad we all have time to go on this trip and spend time together . it 's be a while . jack eh , you know how it be . go through a divorce be not the easiest of thing . especially if you have a kid . joe yup , before you two split up marcy never would have let you come out to hang with the boy . jack oh and why be that ? quentin make a whip sound effect with he mouth . jack ( cont 'd ) very funny . trevor how old be kendra now ? jack she 's 12 . trevor she be the sweetest little girl . jack take after she mom . quentin make a whip sound effect with he mouth . Jack shoot he a glare . quentin smile a stupid grin . trevor and Joe laugh . Jack turn he head away from quentin . jack ( cont 'd ) let 's put on some music . quentin sure thing . go for it , dj . ( continued ) continued : Jack reach to turn on the radio . his hand freeze . he notice that the clock on the car read 13:13 . joe you gonna put on some music or what ? jack Super funny guy . who keep mess with all the clock ? trevor what do you mean ? jack it 's just in some type of weird time again . joe yeah , it 's 13:13 brotha , so what ? jack I dunno , it 's just a little odd , man . same time as on my watch at the campfire . quentin Law of attraction . Jack notice some road kill on the road . jack Road kill . look out . quentin good call . quentin swerve the car and hit it . quentin ( cont 'd ) two point ! Jack look disgust . Joe and trevor laugh . ext . jack 's house - day Jack , trevor , Joe and quentin walk towards the house carry camp gear . kendra be see outside sit in the grass , cupping she hand together . ( continued ) 10 . continued : jack hey , darlin . whatcha get in you hand ? kendra nothing . jack be mommy inside ? kendra nod . the guy all say hi to kendra while pass by . trevor hey kendra . joe howdy kendra . quentin kendra . kendra smile at everyone . she look tired . the guy all walk into the house . kendra open she hand . Inside she hand be a spider . she look at it crawl on she hand for a couple second before squashing it in she hand . she then take the dead spider and eat it . int . jack 's house - kitchen - day Jack and the guy enter the kitchen . the guy take a seat at the table in the kitchen . marcy be stand at the sink , it look like she be wash dish . she be mutter to herself . jack hey honey ! marcy do not acknowledge he . Jack be visibly upset but quickly shake it off . jack ( cont 'd ) you guy want anything ? quentin I will take a brew . jack alright , anyone else ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : trevor yup . joe right here . Jack start walk towards the fridge and open it up . jack you guy want a lager ? quentin yessir . Jack toss quentin a beer . trevor same here . Jack toss trevor a beer and Joe a beer . joe thanks brotha . Jack walk back to the table with the guy and sit down . jack marcy , come join we . there be no answer from marcy . Jack turn to look back at marcy . she be still do what look like wash the dish . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy come sit down with we . there be still no answer . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy ? marcy in a minute ! just get to finish this . it just will not come off . jack it 's okay , hun . Jack turn to look at the guy . jack ( cont 'd ) she 's a bit of a workaholic . be ya will stay for dinner ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : the guy all look at each other . quentin fuck yeah we will . if you 's 1ll have we . joe quentin , we get a long ride ahead of we back home . quentin Joe , lock it up . Jack begin to tune out Joe and quentin 's bicker . Jack be zone out just stare at they . quentin shove Joe and it knock over Joe 's beer . Jack look down at he arm rest on the table . his wrist watch read 13:13 again . the beer spill across he arm slowly . jack what the hell , guy . joe I be real sorry Jack . let I clean that up for you . jack it 's fine . I will go get some paper towel . Jack start walk towards the sink where marcy be . jack ( cont 'd ) hun , where do we keep the paper towel ? his wife be mutter to herself louder . Jack pause and look at she . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy , what be you say ? she mutter again . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy ? she continue mutter . jack ( cont 'd ) marce ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : he start walk towards she . marcy it just wont come off ! Jack stop walk . jack what wont come off , sweetie ? marcy it just wont come off ! she go back to mutter '' it just will not come off . '' to herself over and over again . Jack start walk towards she again . jack marcy it 's fine , leave the dish alone . i’1l do they . she continue mutter to herself . Jack come up behind she and grab she by she waist and kiss she on she cheek , never once look down . jack ( cont 'd ) do not worry about the dish marcy , everything be go to be fine . marcy it just wont come off . jack what wont ? Jack look down over marcy 's shoulder into the sink . horrify , he see that she have completely scratch off all of the skin on she arm . he let go of she and gasp . she continue scratch she arm and mutter '' it just wont come off . '' to she self . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy , stop ! quentin what 's wrong ? Jack quickly try to pull marcy 's unaffected arm away from she bloody arm in a attempt to make she stop scratch herself . he quickly grab a nearby wash cloth and wrap it around the wound . ( continued ) 14 . continued : jack call a ambulance ! joe what happen ? jack just call a fuck ambulance ! marcy start thrashing and struggle try to make Jack let go of she . Jack wrap he arm around she and hold she tight so she can not struggle anymore . smash CUT : act 2 int . hospital hallway level 1 - day Jack be chase after a hospital gurney carry marcy . doctor be huddle around the gurney check she vital . a Doctor turn around and look at Jack . gurney doctor Sir , you be go to have to wait here . jack but that 's my wife . gurney doctor I understand , sir , but you be go to have to wait here . someone will come and get you in a moment . the doctor wheel marcy away as Jack be leave stand in the hallway watch they push she away . int . jack 's house - live room - day trevor , quentin , and Joe be all sit in the live room . trevor shit ! who be watch kendra ? joe methink you should be ! ( continued ) 15 . continued : trevor methink you be a asshole . trevor get up and start walk towards the front door . quentin methink you should grab I a fuck beer while you be up . trevor look annoyed . joe what the fuck ?!? quentin shoot a glare at Joe . quentin no one ask you Joe . quentin turn to look at trevor . quentin ( cont 'd ) just get I a god damn beer ! trevor no ! quentin go get I a mother fuck beer before I smash you fuck face in . trevor frown . int . hospital waiting room - day Jack be sit in the wait room . many people be wait for injure friend or family member . a young man , alex , be get rowdy in the wait room . orderly # 1 talk to he as security # 1 stand close by . alex just let I go see my fuck brother ! orderly # 1 Sir , the hospital be very busy right now . we will take you to see you brother when thing calm down and we know he be stable . ( continued ) 16 . continued : alex you do not understand . I do not want to know if the bastard be stable ! I just need to see he now ! Jack turn to look at the situation . security # 1 Sir , you need to calm down ! alex fuck this ! Alex try to push past the orderly , but the security guard restrain he . suddenly , orderly # 2 , tap Jack on the shoulder . startle , Jack jump . orderly # 2 room # 13 . she be heavily sedate . Jack seem confuse . again he notice that number . jack wait . what ? orderly # 2 she be in room 13... you wife . this time the information register with Jack . jack do not you think it 's bad luck to have a room 13 in you hospital ? the orderly look very angry . off to the side we see the security guard drag alex out of the wait room . orderly # 2 look , buddy . I have have enough fuck bullshit for one day . just go see you god damn wife . she be in room fuck 13 . or do not . it 's up to you . just get the fuck out of my sight . jack no need to be so rude . Jack push past the orderly and walk out of the wait room . 17 . int . hospital icu - day Jack be walk through the icu . Jack see a few people with more violent injury then other within different room of the icu . some , suffer from gunshot to the head or sword through the torso be see be wheeled by . one man suffer from 3rd degree burn over he entire body grab Jack 's arm as Jack pass by . burned guy help I ! the burn guy let out he last breathe and then collapse in the gurney , dead . doctor pappas who be wheeling the burn guy 's gurney stop and take a deep breathe . jack be everything okay , Doctor ? doctor pappas that 's the 13th guy I lose today . this be the busy day we have ever have at this hospital . Jack perk up when he hear the number 13 again . jack do you have any idea why ? doctor pappas do I look like a fuck scientist or a news reporter ? I be a god damn mother fuck doctor , damnit . you do not think I be qualified to be a doctor ? then you wear my jacket ... here . Doctor pappas take off he doctor jacket and try to hand it to Jack but Jack back away . while back away Jack bump into a gurney behind he . Jack turn around to see a dead woman with the number 13 carve into she forehead . the doctor that be attend to she pull the cover over she lifeless face . Jack keep walk . he see another doctor leave a room . this be doctor palumbo . jack Excuse I doctor . ( continued ) 18 . continued : doctor palumbo what do you need ? I be really busy ... jack where be room 13 ? Doctor palumbo survey Jack . doctor palumbo why do you need to know ? jack my wife ... she be badly injure . she 's in room 13 . doctor palumbo what make she so special ? jack what ? doctor palumbo what the fuck happen to she ? I do not get all day . jack she scratch off all the skin on she arm . Doctor palumbo laugh . jack ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny ? doctor palumbo you be on the wrong floor , jackass . this level be for critical patient , not suicidal retard . jack Excuse I ? Jack be do he best not to get angry . doctor palumbo floor three . take the elevator to you right . or you can take the stair . up to you . now get out of my sight . I get work to do , dumbass . ( continued ) 19 . continued : Jack put he head down and quickly walk to the elevator and enter it . int . hospital elevator - day Jack press level three in the elevator . he stand there as the elevator go up . he be in the elevator alone . he be do he best to hold himself together and remain strong but be visibly upset . the elevator get to level three and open . Jack exit the elevator quickly . int . hospital hallway level 3 - day Jack walk out of the elevator into level 3 of the hospital . there be a bunch of hospital room but it look a lot more calm . Jack walk through the floor look at the door number . he then spot a female receptionist . Jack walk up to the receptionist . she be write on something at she desk . Jack stand in front of she . jack my wife be in room 13 . do you know where that be ? the receptionist look up at Jack and point to room 13 . Jack turn to look at where she be point and see room 13 . room 14 's door be slightly open , just enough that you can see inside . receptionist its right over there . the receptionist go back to look at a schedule on she desk that she be write on . jack thanks . I be beginning to think everyone in this hospital be a asshole . the receptionist look back at Jack and glare . receptionist only you be sir . she then look back down at she schedule . ( continued ) 20 . continued : jack never mind . everyone in this hospital be a asshole . Jack turn and walk to he wife 's room . he stand in front of it for a moment and take a deep breathe . Jack turn to look at the slightly open door of the room next to he . Inside the room he can see a a beautiful woman , candace sit down next to a hospital bed and lean on it . in the bed be a unconscious young boy , jimmy [ 9 ] . Jack look at they for a couple of second . he then turn back to the door of he wife 's room . Jack stare at the 13 on the door for a couple of second then put he hand on the doorknob . he shake he head and enter the room . the door close slowly behind he . int . hospital room 13 - day Jack walk into the room , lock the door behind he . in the hospital bed , marcy be lay there heavily sedate . she be motionless . Jack turn around and lock the door behind he . he then walk over to he wife and kiss she on the forehead with a long and linger kiss . he then walk over to the armchair next to she and sit down . tire and overwhelm by everything he have see today , Jack begin to drift off into a light sleep . int . jack 's live room Joe and quentin both crack open a brand new beer as they sit in front of the television laugh . over they shoulder , through the window , trevor can be see outside watch kendra . quentin turn around and look back at trevor . quentin he 's a regular Mary poppin be not he ? Joe laugh . joe yup. 21 . int . hospital room 13 - day jack Pov : Jack open he eye a little and see he wife still asleep in the bed in front of he . he slowly close he eye make the screen go black . he have drift off into full slumber . int . jack 's live room - dream world Jack slowly open he eye . he be no longer in the hospital bedroom . instead he be stand in he live room , however it do not look like he live room . the paint on the wall be slightly peel and smear in blood . on the wall be three giant 13's . the strangest thing Jack see be candace , the woman who be in the room next door , stand in the center of he live room and cry . the wall around she as well as the floor be beginning to deteriorate as if the house have be set on fire . Jack be draw to she . he start to walk towards she . he reach out he hand to she . candace help I , Jack ! Jack keep reach for she but it seem like something be hold he back . his leg be stick in the ground and the room be stretch . Jack turn to look at the window . a mob of people run towards the window and start bang on they loudly . int . hospital room 13 - day Jack wake up in the hospital room . there be a bang on the door . someone try to turn the doorknob . when it do not turn , because it be lock from the inside , they begin jiggling it . marcy be start to stir in she bed . Jack look uneasy . he get up and start walk towards the door to see who it be . he approach slowly . doctor # 1 ( 0.s. ) Sir , that be not you room ! the jiggling of the doorknob stop . relieved , Jack return to he seat by marcy . 22 . ext . jack 's house - day trevor watch kendra as she sit outside on the sidewalk . Joe and quentin be see inside the house , through the window , watch tv . kendra have chalk in she hand . trevor hey there , kendra , what be we play ? kendra do not respond . trevor ( cont 'd ) kendra , what be you play ? kendra do not answer trevor . trevor be visually upset . kendra begin to draw a large circle on the cement in chalk . she continue draw smaller circle within that circle as they talk . trevor ( cont 'd ) well , what be you draw ? kendra none of you fuckin’ business . shock , trevor stare at kendra with he mouth wide open . she continue draw . after a few second , trevor decide to respond . trevor where do you learn that kind of language ? kendra do not respond . she just keep draw . she have grow pale and quiet . trevor ( cont 'd ) why do you think it 's okay to talk like that ? kendra keep draw vigorously . trevor ( cont 'd ) kendra ? kendra start draw even faster . trevor ( cont 'd ) Fucking answer I ! ( continued ) 23 . continued : kendra stop draw . by this point she have make 13 circle around each other out of chalk on the ground create a target . trevor ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , kendra . I do not mean to yell at you . kendra begin respond as if she be possess . kendra it 's okay . daddy already tell I about you . trevor he what ? kendra he tell I not to fuck talk to you . confused , trevor respond cautiously . trevor now why would you daddy say that ? kendra he say you be a fuck pervert . trevor be flabbergasted . trevor what ? kendra he say you like little kid . trevor be shocked by what he be hearing . he try to respond but do not know how to . trevor I do not think he mean ... kendra cut he off . kendra do not think he mean that you like to fuck little kid ? trevor be beside himself , but very nervous . trevor how would he ... ( continued ) 24 . continued : kendra cut he off again . kendra well , do you want to fuck I , trevor ? trevor grind he tooth . he quickly slap kendra in the face . she be shocked . he then slap she again , and again , and again . with each slap he slip deeper and deeper into a violent rage . his hand slowly begin to morph from a slap to a fist . suddenly he realize what he be do and he stop . trevor I be so sorry , kendra . as if in a trance , kendra move over to be position right in front of she circle target . she look up at trevor . kendra I can play too . she suddenly start vigorously bang she head into the center of the target on the concrete . shock , trevor try to stop she . trevor kendra , no ! he grab she from behind and try to drag she away . she seem a lot stronger then she should be . trevor have trouble pull she away . trevor ( cont 'd ) kendra , stop ! trevor try to even harder to stop she . she throw she hand back at he and scratch he in the face . he get she to stop . her forehead be bloody from bang it on the concrete . she head butt he in the face , busting he nose open . trevor ( cont 'd ) fuck you , you little whore ! she climb on top of he sit on he chest . his head be lay in the center of the target of circle on the concrete . she slam he head into the ground . it bounce off the concrete . 25 . int . jack 's live room - day quentin and Joe be still watch tv . joe you be kind of hard on trevor , man . quentin ' spose you be right . maybe I should give he a beer or somethin’ ? joe yea ... maybe . Joe laugh . act 3 ext . jack 's house - day quentin and Joe walk outside to give trevor a beer only to find kendra sit on top of trevor , continuously bashing he head into the concrete on the circle that she have draw . blood be everywhere . she have obviously be bashing he lifeless head on the concrete for a long time . quentin Holy shit ! joe trevor ! quentin run over to kendra . quentin get off of he ! kendra do not respond . quentin attempt to pull kendra off of trevor but she begin thrashing and try to attack he . she jump on top of he in a frontward ' piggyback ride ' . quentin ( cont 'd ) get this crazy kid off of I ! joe I be on it ! ( continued ) 26 . continued : kendra start scratch quentin 's face . she try to bite he neck but Joe rush behind she and grab she and pull she back . Joe have to throw she off of he . once kendra hit the ground quentin begin attack she . joe ( cont 'd ) stop it ! quentin why ? this little bitch be attack I ! kendra be trash on the ground . quentin punch she in the face . joe that 's Jack 's kid ! quentin the bitch try to kill I . hold she down then . take a cue from quentin , Joe grab kendra and begin to hold she down . quentin run over to he car and get in it . quentin ( cont 'd ) she be not nothin but road kill now ! hold she steady , Joe ! joe holding she steady ! kendra no ! Joe put he hand over kendra 's mouth . quentin start back up he car slowly . quentin what be you do , Joe ? everyone know the best part of roadkill be hearin’ its yip as you run over it . Joe take he hand off of kendra 's mouth . she start scream again . she begin thrashing vigorously try to escape . the car approach kendra . Joe begin laugh like a hyena . the car back towards kendra , suddenly , a concerned neighbor come out of he house in a panic . quentin stop drive and fixate on the concerned neighbor . ( continued ) 27 . continued : concerned neighbor help I ! Joe let go of kendra . joe Sir , be you okay ? kendra get up and run away . quentin do not let she get away you idiot ! joe shit . concerned neighbor please ! help I ! he be barely able to limp a few step from he house . a craze woman emerge from the house . she lunge at the man and jump on top of he . she use she thumb and push in he eye ball as hard as she can . blood begin to emerge from he eye socket as he scream in pain . quentin fuck this ! quentin quickly switch the car into drive and floor it . he run over both of they with he car kill they instantly . quentin ( cont 'd ) ten point ! you see that , joey ! I get ten point ! joe that 's a whopping ten point on the score board for quentin ! quentin I be go for a high score . quentin jump out of he car to talk to Joe . joe wanna go back inside ? quentin sure . quentin and Joe start walk towards the house as if they be in a trance . 28 . int . jack 's house - continuous quentin and Joe go back inside the house as if nothing have happen today . they seem to be in some sort of trance . they pass by a sticky note calendar , that every day you rip off a new page to show the next day . the calendar reveal that today be January 13th 2014 . quentin go grab I a beer , man . let 's watch some tv . joe on it . Joe walk into the kitchen and grab a beer for quentin and one for himself . he hand the beer to quentin . quentin take out he pocket knife and open the beer with he knife , he then smile and look at joe. quentin start laugh . joe ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny ? quentin this . quentin suddenly stab Joe in the stomach . quentin start laugh hysterically , Joe be in pain and shock . suddenly Joe begin laugh . infect by quentin 's laughter , Joe 's pain disappear . quentin reach out to Joe 's stomach and get he hand soak in Joe 's blood . Joe do the same . quentin and Joe both start smear the blood on the wall of the house painting the number 13 over and over again . act 4 int . hospital room 13 - day Jack be sit watch he wife lay in bed . she wake up . excite , Jack sit up more in he seat . jack baby , you be awake . marcy look at he . ( continued ) 29 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) you give I such a scare . the doctor have not say anything yet but the emt in the ambulance think you might have have like a heat stroke or something . marcy reach she arm up towards Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) just relax baby ! Jack lean in and kiss she on the lip . jack ( cont 'd ) do not worry , kendra be back at home with , quentin , Joe , and trevor . I be sure she be worried sick about you . Jack reach into he pocket and pull out he cell phone . marcy groan a little bit . jack ( cont 'd ) I be just go to call the guy and get kendra on the phone . I be sure she want 's to talk to she mommy . Jack dial and put the phone up to he ear . Jack go up to the window and wait as the phone ring . behind he we see marcy slowly get out of she bed . she begin to gain speed . marcy have snuck up behind he . the phone call be cut short however when marcy go into a murderous rampage and try to kill Jack . marcy begin claw at Jack . Jack try to defend himself . he throw he hand up to block she scratch . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy , stop ! marcy become more violent and start throw punch at Jack . Jack move forward and she connect with a punch to he cheek . Jack quickly wrap he arm around she in a bear hug , immobilize she arm . jack ( cont 'd ) baby , calm down ! why be you do this ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : marcy then try to bite he on the neck . Jack note she try to bite he so he move he hand to block she bite , freeing she other hand . she grab he by the throat and try to choke he . Jack push marcy away from he with force send she body into the window . the window shatter behind marcy . she turn around to look at the break glass . jack ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , baby . I do not mean to push you that hard . we need to get you some help . she look back at Jack for a few moment and smile . she then jump out of the window . jack ( cont 'd ) marcy no ! Jack run towards the window but it be too late . devastate , Jack look out of the window and see he wife dead on the ground , three floor down . Jack collapse onto the floor . he be a mess . he start scream and hit the ground . tear be roll down the side of he face . suddenly the doorknob to the room start jiggling again . Jack pull himself up off of the ground . jack ( cont 'd ) who be it ? there be no answer . Jack wipe off the tear on he face with the sleeve of he shirt . some blood come off on the shirt as well . marcy must have connect with he face harder then he remember . he stare at he sleeve for a few moment puzzle . the doorknob start jiggling more vigorously . jack ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? there be still no answer . jack ( cont 'd ) they can not hear I . of course they can not hear I . Jack begin calming himself down and walk towards the door slowly . the jiggling of the doorknob suddenly stop . puzzle Jack move towards the door even quick . he slowly grab the knob and turn it . 31 . int . hospital hallway level 3 - day Jack open up the door . a horrify expression come across on he face . the door quickly close behind he and lock . the camera pull back to reveal blood on the hospital floor and wall , people dead on the ground and a mob of crazy people quickly approach . one of the people in the mob stab another person in the mob . jack Holy shit ! Jack quickly turn around to barricade himself back in he room but it 's lock . panicked , Jack turn around only to see the violent mob of crazy people be briskly approach . he slowly back away , inching to the side . Jack pick up speed and get in front of another patient room door . jack ( cont 'd ) help ! the mob be very close by now . suddenly , a arm reach out and grab Jack from behind and immediately pull he into another hospital room . she lock the door and the people start bang on it . int . candace 's hospital room - day Jack spin around from the door and see candace stand behind he . he quickly grab a stool from the ground to try and fend she off . a dead body of a young boy , Jimmy be lay on the hospital bed in this room . candace do not worry . I have not lose my mind like everyone else . Jack get less tense . candace ( cont 'd ) you can put the stool down . Jack slowly lower the stool and then stop . jack well what about he ? Jack point to the dead body in the hospital bed . ( continued ) continued : candace do not worry about he . he 's dead . be dead for a few hour . Jack slowly lower the stool and place it on the jack how do he die ? candace try to think . candace people be go crazy and kill each other . jack I can see that . but why ? Jack recognize she from he dream . jack ( cont 'd ) wait ... do I know you ? like have we meet before ? candace no . why ? jack because I see you in my dream . candace 's eye flicker . candace you dream ? jack yeah , my dream . candace what happen in you ... Jack cut she off . jack oh no ... kendra . candace who be kendra ? jack no kendra , shes my daughter . she be back at my house . 32 . ground . ( continued ) 33 . continued : candace alone ? jack no , she will be safe . some of my friend be watch she . candace look upset . candace safe with some of you friend ? do I not just get finish tell you that everyone have go completely insane . Jack begin to look worried . jack then I need to go to the house and rescue she . candace I be not go anywhere ! she be probably affect and so be you friend . jack what make you say that ? candace because it seem like we be the only people unaffected by this epidemic and it seem to have affect young people faster . Jack look confuse . jack what make you say that ? candace because of my nephew . candace look very upset . jack what happen to you nephew ? candace I bring he to the hospital today because he have fall out of he tree house . ( continued ) 34 . continued : candace start to cry . Jack go to comfort she . candace ( cont 'd ) I be suppose to be watch he !.... int . candace 's hospital room —- flashback candace be sit on the bed with she nephew , Jimmy . he be fidget . candace nurse ! there be no answer . candace ( cont 'd ) nurse !! there be still no answer . candace get up and dart to open the door to call a nurse . when she open the door , instead of see a nurse , see everyone outside attack one another . horrify she close the door . as she back away from the door horrify , Jimmy be behind she . he be hold a scalpel . he slashes she arm . candace scream in pain and spin around . when she see Jimmy she be shocked and confuse by he action . candace ( cont 'd ) what be you do ! put that down ! Jimmy lift the knife up into the air . candace ( cont 'd ) Jimmy put that down ! Jimmy walk closer with the knife as candace circle away towards the bed . candace ( cont 'd ) James ! Jimmy scream and run at candace . she dodge he and he fall onto the bed . he slashes at candace again mark she other arm . Jimmy try to stab she again but candace deflect he arm . he look at the blood on the tip of he knife . ( continued ) 35 . continued : jimmy I be go to kill you , auntie candace . candace hit he arm in a attempt to knock the weapon out of he hand but instead end up make he stab himself in the face . jump CUT : candace be on the floor cry jump CUT : candace be put a blanket over she nephew 's dead body . int . candace 's hospital room - day candace have finish talk about what have happen with she nephew . she cradle a makeshift bandage on she arm as Jack listen to she speak intently . candace he try to kill I , what be I suppose to do . he have go crazy . I have to defend myself . Jack turn to look at the dead boy in the hospital bed . jack that be not you fault . candace yes it be . because of the choice I make , and the path I set forth , my nephew be no longer with I . and he will never be with I again . and that be not gonna change . not today . not tomorrow . not ever . jack then you understand that I have to go get my daughter . candace you know she 's probably affect right ? Jack pause for a moment . ( continued ) 36 . continued : jack what kind of father would I be if I do not try ? I have to do this . candace I understand . jack what 's you name ? candace candace . Jack outstretch he hand to candace . jack well , candace , I be Jack . candace grab he hand and shake it . jack ( cont 'd ) thanks for save my ass back there . candace no problem . I be sure you would have do the same . Jack smile . candace ( cont 'd ) if we be go to save you daughter we be go to need a plan . jack I agree . candace how many friend do you leave she with ? jack Three . candace and do they have access to any weapon ? a worried look come across Jack 's face . 37 . int . jack 's live room - day quentin and Joe be sit in Jack 's live room . the tv be on . both guy be drink beer . Joe still have a knife in he stomach . quentin you think Jackie Boy have any weapon ? joe he have a couple gun upstairs . quentin well fuckin’ get ‘em then . joe why , quentin ? quentin because be go fuckin’ hunt , damnit . joe do not tell I what to fuckin’ do . quentin do not fuckin’ talk to I like that . quentin punch Joe in the face . Joe start laugh . quentin ( cont 'd ) now go get the mother fuck gun . we gotta catch we some dinner . joe well what be we gonna hunt ? quentin start laugh . quentin what be we gonna hunt ? quentin smile . act 5 int . candace 's hospital room - day candace be sit in the chair in the room while Jack pace back and forth . ( continued ) continued : 38 . jack well how do you know they be crazy ? candace because absolutely everyone be affect . I do not even know if you be not crazy ! Jack start walk towards candace . jack I be not ... candace cut he off . candace get away from I ! jack I be not crazy ! I just know we need to get out of here . we need to make a plan . I need to get my daughter . candace I be not go anywhere . it 's not safe out there . jack well how do you know it 's not just the hospital ? we can escape this and be fine . candace because it 's everywhere . it start this morning , for all I know it will end tomorrow morning . I do not wanna take any risk . I just want to stay here . we be safe here . jack we need to get out of here . now ! candace it 's not safe ! everyone be crazy ! jack who be you to define crazy ? candace do not you watch the news today ? 39 . int . jack 's live room - day quentin be sit in front of the tv . Joe walk in with a arm full of gun . quentin do you get the fuckin’ gun ? joe yes I do . Joe point a gun at quentin . quentin you be not gonna fuckin . shoot I . joe and how do you know that ? quentin because you be not get no fuckin’ bullet . Joe start laugh . quentin ( cont 'd ) quit laugh like a idiot and help I load this . quentin hold up a box of bullet . Joe sit down next to quentin and help he start load the gun . quentin turn on the tv . a male news anchor be give the news . completely drench in blood . male news anchor in other news , people be become extremely violent and even suicidal . there be riot in the street . people be just go fuck crazy ! the male News anchor have a huge grin on he face . suddenly the female news anchor run up to he and brutally stab he in the neck . blood spurt everywhere . she scream ! then all television broadcast cut off and the tv go static . ( continued ) 40 . continued : quentin have finish load he gun . furious about the look of the static on the tv and annoyed by the sound , he point he gun at the tv and shoot it . int . candace 's hospital room - day candace be sit down as Jack pace back and forth throughout the hospital room . candace it affect everyone differently at different speed . some go full crazy , some be only crazy for a few moment at a time . I be all for go to try and rescue you kid but it affect child the quick . jack the news be full of shit anyway . I be not crazy so obviously it do not affect everyone . candace I do not know that you be not crazy . jack if I be crazy I would have kill you by now , right ? candace right . jack so at least we know you and I be not crazy . maybe there be other . my daughter be probably one of they . candace shiver . jack ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? candace yeah , just cold . Jack 's eye drift over to the thermostat for the room . it be 13 degree Celsius , which be about 54 degree Fahrenheit . Jack 's eye flicker . ( continued ) 4l. continued : jack that number ... candace what number ? Jack walk over to the thermostat and fix it while talk . jack 13 . everywhere I fuck look I see a 13 . clock , dream , wall , room number , and now a freaking thermostat ? we do not even use Celsius in America ! candace eye flicker . candace that 's because today 13/13/13 jack it 's what ? the doorknob of the room start to jiggle . candace shit! jack what do you mean it 's 13/13/13 candace you wont believe I if I try to explain . jack at this point , I have believe just about anything . the crazy people start bang on the door even more . candace do you think that door be go to hold ? jack it 's not go to hold long . we need to figure out how to get out of here . candace any idea ? ( continued ) continued : 42 . jack well , we be three storey up , we cant climb down through the window . we be go to have to make a break for it through the door . candace look very displease by this response . the crazy people outside be still bang on the door but it be not as hard . Jack nod . candace well , there be too many people on the other side of that door . jack we be go to have to fight we way through . candace or we can wait they out . jack you be right . at least until we know they be not on the other side of that door . the bang on the door slow down . candace but there be no way we can know that . there be no way to see through the door . jack they be slow down . we need to get out of here ! I need to get to my daughter . candace we have to wait until they stop bang . it 's get less and less often . jack do you see anything that we can use as weapon ? candace I can go rummage through the drawer . ( continued ) 43 . continued : candace go towards the drawer and start digging through they . the bang on the door stop . jack hurry up and find a weapon for we . they stop bang ! candace I be look . Jack notice a mirror on the wall . he look from the mirror to the door . he notice that the door be slightly off of the ground . candace ( cont 'd ) I find this ! candace hold up a bunch of medical supplies that could be use as weapon such as scalpel and other point object . Jack pick up the stool he have pick up when he first come into the room and smashes it into the mirror . candace jump . Jack quickly try to silence she by put he finger up to he own mouth make the '' shh '' motion . candace ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Jack grab a break piece of mirror . jack get a piece of the mirror . candace why ? Jack lay on he belly next to the door . jack to see if the coast be clear . Jack slide the piece of mirror underneath the door . in the reflection he see nothing . it look like the coast be clear . suddenly a crazy person walk by the mirror and stop . the crazy person be cover in blood and look directly into the break piece of mirror . a loud crash be hear in the distance . crashmaker ( 0.s. ) that 's 13 mother fuck kill ! ( continued ) 44 , continued : the crazy person cover in blood turn to look in the direction of the crashmaker . after a few linger second they scream loudly and run after the crashmaker . Jack turn back to candace and look at she . jack Coast be clear . let 's go . candace look nervous . candace I do not know ... it 's ... Jack cut she off . jack I be leave this room , if you want I to protect you , you have to come with I . I need to save my daughter . I do not want to leave you behind , but I will if I have to . int . jack 's live room - day Joe be pace around the live room scratch he head with the gun . quentin be peer out of the window . a few crazy people be see walk around outside in the distance . quentin the whole fuck world have go crazy . joe do you see the news ? people be just kill each other . he pause . joe ( cont 'd ) my stomach hurt , why do my stomach hurt ? he grab he side . joe ( cont 'd ) why the fuck be I bleed ? quentin whirl around and look at Joe . ( continued ) 45 . continued : quentin shit ! you be bleed . what happen ? go in the kitchen and bandage that up . Joe take he hand off of he stomach and look at the blood on he hand . quentin ( cont 'd ) Joe , go bandage it up . you be bleed bad . Joe just stare blankly at he hand . quentin lift he gun and point it at Joe . quentin ( cont 'd ) Joe ! Fucking respond to I when I goddamn talk to you , you fuck ! go bandage that shit up before I fuck shoot you . Joe shake himself out of stare at he hand and look at quentin . joe keep it the fuck down ! we do not want that crazy fuck to hear you . and it 's fine . i’1l bandage it later . it 's not a big deal . just shut you mouth . quentin cock he gun . quentin Boy do not you ever tell I what to do ! I know you be my brother but you do not get a pass for that . you understand ? Joe nod . quentin ( cont 'd ) we clear ? joe Crystal . there be a awkward pause as quentin start to shake with anger . joe ( cont 'd ) be you go to put the gun down ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : quentin not until we be clear . joe I just say we be clear . quentin I be not pay attention . say it again ! joe no ! quentin say it the fuck again ! joe keep it down . they 's 1ll hear we . it 's like you do not even care . quentin you know what ? you be right ! I do not even care . quentin spin around and fire he gun through the window . in the distance a crazy woman hear the gunshot and start walk towards the house . quentin turn around and look at Joe . quentin ( cont 'd ) look alive , soldier ! Joe rush up next to quentin . suddenly on a different window , off to the side , a woman start bang she head on one of the window repeatedly until it break . Joe quickly turn and shoot she in the head , blow the top of she head clean off . joe I get one ! quentin I be proud of you , private ! joe really ? quentin I be about as proud of you as you girlfriend be the day you get you redwing , soldier . ( continued ) 47 . continued : joe just happy to be in the battalion , captain . Joe do a salute . quentin turn to look at Joe and quickly turn back to peer through the blind in the window outside . he wave Joe 's hand down without look . quentin at ease , soldier . more people be see run toward the house in the distance . quentin ( cont 'd ) we have a group of hostile try to ambush we base . now we right and leave flank be protect but we have to guard the front . we do not know what they be capable of . one of the crazy people , whom be quickly approach , fire a gun and it miss . quentin ( cont 'd ) and they have weapon . we gotta board this window up and protect the club house ! quentin and Joe begin to start the process of board up all the window . act 6 int . candace 's hospital room - day Jack be press up against the wall on one side of the door with candace press up against the wall on the other side of the door . jack okay ... on the count of three I be go to open this door . if anyone come in you slam the door behind they . we get to take they out one by one . candace and what if no one come in . ( continued ) 48 . continued : jack then we have to make a break for it . there be three level of this hospital we have to clear . candace look nervous . Jack do not look much better but he be try to hold it together to be a leader and get they through this . jack ( cont 'd ) okay . you ready ? candace will I ever be ? jack good point . candace frown . jack ( cont 'd ) do not worry , I be go to protect you . candace why ? jack because you save my ass back there . candace smile . candace thanks , Jack . jack okay . one . candace tense up . jack ( cont 'd ) two . Jack lean in towards the door and put 's he hand on the knob . he shiver . his eye dart back to the thermostat . it 's 13 degree Celsius again . he pause . jack ( cont 'd ) I just fix that thing . ( continued ) continued : 49 , candace what thing ? jack the thermostat ! it 's fuckin 13 degree again . I be tired of all this fuck 13 's everywhere ! candace start back away from Jack . jack ( cont 'd ) why be you back away from I . candace you be go crazy . Jack take a moment to calm himself down . jack I be sorry . I just be tired of see all this 13 's everywhere all the time . candace I know why you be see 13 's everywhere . jack I know . you tell I . it 's 13/13/13 . candace it 's important . jack why ? candace 13/13/13 . the end of the world . it exist only due to a problem within the Julian calendar , leap year be not mean to add a extra day to the month of February but ever 120 year it be mean to add a extra month , ' murtembre 's to the entire calendar . by mathematics , today be 13/13/13 the real prediction in the mayan calendar of the end of the world . jack how do you know all that ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : candace I be kind of a calendar nerd , because of my birthday . Jack laugh . jack well it 's not like I be gonna get a better explanation from anyone else anyway . candace smile a little . jack ( cont 'd ) so , you be tell I that February 29th be never suppose to exist ? candace yep . jack just my luck , my birthday be never suppose to exist . candace you be bear on leap year ? jack yes , I be . I be only 10 year old . candace laugh . candace well I be young . jack be that right ? candace yea . I be bear on leap year too . jack I have never meet another leap year baby before . candace I either . they both smile . jack do you think that 's why we be not affect by this ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : candace I think so . jack single ... coolest ... birthday ... ever ! they both smile again . candace okay , I be ready . Jack nod . jack Three ! Jack swing open the door . they wait a few second . nothing happen . Jack peek he head outside of the door and look around . nothing be out there . he turn back to look at candace . jack ( cont 'd ) alright . Coast be clear . let 's go . suddenly a hand reach and grab Jack by the hair . Jack jump and pull the person into the room with he , revealing it be the young man , alex , from earlier . Alex be hold onto Jack . Jack fall backwards onto the ground and Alex get 's on top of he . Jack turn to look at candace who be terrify . jack ( cont 'd ) candace , close the door . she try to close the door but Alex 's leg and Jack 's leg be in the way . candace I can not . alex I be go to fuckin’ kill you for what you make I do to my brother , you bastard . jack candace , close the door ! candace you leg be block it . ( continued ) 52 . continued : Jack try to move he leg but Alex punch Jack in the face . Jack reach up with he hand hold the scalpel . he swing he arm try to connect with Alex 's throat or head . Alex quickly block Jack 's arm knock the blade onto the ground . Jack reach for it but it be just out of reach . alex naughty naughty ! that 's just no fun . I do not like gun or knife , my hand be more personal . jack candace ... a little help ! Alex wrap he hand around Jack 's throat strangling he . candace run up behind Alex and stab he in the back with a scalpel . Alex reach behind himself to grab the scalpel . alex you stab I , bitch ? Alex reach down and grab candace 's leg , make she fall to the ground . she bump she head a little but nothing serious . Jack have manage to wiggle loose while Alex 's focus be on candace . he have get he knee up to he own chest . jack leave she alone . Alex pull the scalpel out of he back and raise it in the air like he be about to stab candace . alex this be for stabbing I , bitch ! jack leave she alone or I 'il kill you ! Alex whirl he head around to Jack . alex what do you just say to I ? Alex lean in close and put the scalpel towards Jack 's face . Jack smile . jack that if you do not leave she alone I be go to kill you . ( continued ) 53 . continued : Alex look furious . he make a motion like he be about to cut Jack . but Jack have prepare for this and launch Alex back with he knee that he have tuck under Alex 's chest . Alex fly backwards and fall on he back . Jack scramble after he . Jack push Alex down while get on top of he . Alex have the scalpel in he hand still , but be slightly stunne . Alex 's head be right in the middle of the doorway . his arm with the scalpel be pin down by Jack but be wiggling to get free . Alex 's arm manage to get free . he swing he arm towards Jack but Jack block it , wrist to wrist , and grab the door . Jack take the door and slam it on Alex 's head . Alex 's arm fall to the ground . Jack repeatedly slam the door on Alex 's head until it be smashed entirely open . blood have spurt up and drench Jack in it . candace he 's dead , Jack . Jack stop slamm the door on Alex 's head and turn to look at candace . jack you okay ? candace yeah , I be okay . jack good . candace look forward and see this floor of the hospital look empty . candace let 's go . Jack stand up , he grab the drop weapon and leave the room with candace closely follow behind . 54 . int . hospital hallway level 3 - day blood drench the hallway . some scream be hear throughout the hospital , echoing and bounce off the wall , no way to triangulate its origin . one of the overhead light be flicker . Jack and candace slowly walk out of the room . jack keep close behind I . candace okay . Jack and candace tiptoe through the third floor of the hospital . some dead body litter the scenery . the receptionist be dead with she throat cut . Jack walk slowly as he approach the first open door . he wave for candace to hold position and not follow he in . he press he body against the side of the doorway and poke he head around the corner to see if the room be clear . he turn he head and survey the room . other then a dead body on the ground the room be clear of people . Jack take a deep breath and detach himself from he wall cover . he turn to look at candace . jack this room be clear . Jack turn away from candace and start move through the hallway more . he wave for candace to follow he and she do , stick close to he heel . she clutches the scalpel tightly in she hand . in front of Jack , one room ahead , he see a fire axe . jack ( cont 'd ) I need a better weapon . after I clear this room , cover I and I '1l get that axe . candace okay . Jack slide he body up against the doorway of the next room . he peer around the edge of the doorway into the room and survey it . the room be still , but dark . all the blind be close . Jack turn he head slowly . the room be clear much to he surprise . ( continued ) 55 . continued : jack clear . Jack and candace rush up to the fire axe . Jack grab the axe and move to the next door . it 's close . Jack breathes a sigh of relief . jack ( cont 'd ) this one 's close . only a few more till we get to the elevator . Jack and candace move to the next door . it be slightly ajar . Jack press he body up against the wall next to the doorway . Jack use the axe to push the door open . he look in and survey the room . there be a lot of blood on the sheet but no body . Jack turn he head and check the corner of the wall . stand there , press up against the wall , much like Jack , be meredith , she have a amazing body but be wear the face of some man she have kill as a mask . she scream and lunge at Jack . Jack take a step back and swing the axe but miss meredith . she knock Jack over and get on top of he . he drop the axe . she be hold a pocket knife in she hand that be already bloody . she take off the face mask revealing she own face , which be cover in blood . meredith I be go to make myself a new mask . she move she knife towards Jack 's face . jack get off of I . Jack start to wiggle . meredith hold still ! it 's not go to come out right if you keep move ! suddenly meredith get hit in the back with a fire axe . candace be reveal stand behind she . she let go of the axe which be still lodge in meredith 's back . meredith stand up slowly . she try to reach the axe on she back but can not . her arm flail , try . Jack stand up and look at she for a few moment . ( continued ) 56 . continued : Jack walk towards meredith who be still try to get the axe out of she back . she be scream in pain . Jack put he foot on she back and press forward while pull the axe out . meredith fall to the ground when the axe dislodge from she back . Jack quickly swing the axe and hit she in the back of the head with it , kill she instantly . a pool of blood surround she . Jack pull the axe out of the top of meredith 's head . he then pick up meredith 's knife and put it in he pocket . Jack then turn to look at candace , who seem a bit queasy from what she have just see . jack thanks for save I . candace we be in this together , right ? jack right . let 's get in the elevator and get out of here . Jack and candace quickly approach the elevator and press the button . it open up and they get in . int . hospital elevator - day Jack and candace be stand in the elevator . candace well , what floor ? jack Ground level . candace reach to press the button and press it . jack ( cont 'd ) wait ! Jack hit the stop button for the elevator . a loud buzz be hear and the elevator stay still . jack ( cont 'd ) we need a plan first . ( continued ) 57 . continued : candace Ground level ? jack yeah . jack ( cont 'd ) where be you car park ? candace I come here in a ambulance . jack shit. Jack look upset . candace what ? what 's wrong ? jack so do i. candace grimace . candace then how be we go to get out of this hospital and over to you house ? we sure as hell can not do it on we foot . jack I know that . candace well ? jack let I think . candace stand there eagerly wait . jack ( cont 'd ) I get it . we need to get a bag . and collect the car key from all of the dead doctor 's pocket . candace look confuse . candace why 's that ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : jack because if they be doctor then that mean they drive to work . they car must be in the parking garage . candace alright . sound good to I . candace reach to turn the elevator back on . jack hit floor 3 . candace pause and turn to look at Jack very confuse . candace why ? jack because we should take the stair . not only do we have a lot of key to collect but also I think we should go through the hospital on foot . candace um , why ? that 's crazy . jack no crazier then go onto a level we have not even check out . what if the door open and there be over a hundred people down there ? we would be trap . we have to sneak through the hospital and avoid they . candace level three it be . candace hit the stop button and unstop the elevator . she then hit level 3 on the elevator and the elevator door open . Jack and candace slowly exit the elevator . int . hospital hallway level 3 - day Jack and candace emerge from the elevator . Jack turn and look around . he see 's the staircase . he hold for a second and then turn back to where the receptionist be . ( continued ) continued : jack I be go to get the key out of that receptionist 's pocket , then we be go to the stair . candace look for a bag over there , just in case we need to grab a bunch of they . jack good think . here , hold on to this . Jack hand candace the fire axe . candace why . jack I already know that side of the hospital floor be safe . if anyone come you way , you be gonna need to be able to defend yourself . candace or save you ass for the third time . Jack smile . jack or that . anyway , if too many of they come get into the elevator and put it on hold like I do before . you will be safe in there . candace smile . candace well , what about you ? jack I will be fine . I get the knife that woman drop . Jack reach into he pocket and pull out the knife . jack ( cont 'd ) see . candace smile while clutching the axe . ( continued ) 60 . continued : candace you sure you would not rather have a scalpel ? Jack laugh . jack alright . I be off . Jack run over to the dead body of the receptionist sit at the desk . he grab the receptionist and pull she back . jack ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about this . he then reach into the pocket , he feel nothing . he reach into the other pocket . there be still nothing . Jack look back towards candace . Jack shake he head . candace think for a moment . candace well , do you check she purse ? Jack feel like a idiot , as if he should have think of that . jack no. I do not . candace well , check it . jack well , where would she purse be ? candace under she desk maybe ? Jack look underneath the desk . there be a trash can . jack there 's only a trash can . candace think for a moment . candace well , be there any drawer ? Jack see a drawer on the desk and open it up . it just have a bunch of papers in it . he close it back up . ( continued ) 61 . continued : there be a second drawer underneath the first drawer . Jack open it up . sure enough , there be a purse . Jack grab the purse and empty out the content of it . among the thing that fall out of the purse be a set of key and some mace . Jack grab the key and put they in the purse . he also grab the mace and tuck it into he pocket . he run back over to candace . jack let 's go down stair . candace alright . Jack and candace make they way towards the door of the staircase . they approach the door . Jack reach and put he hand on the doorknob and then pause and turn to look at candace . jack stick behind I . I will go in first . Jack open the door and enter . candace follow close behind . int . stairwell - day Jack and candace slowly walk into the staircase . Jack close the door behind candace . he then look up the staircase . it look clear . Jack and candace start slowly march down the stair . they take a few step down the stair and Jack peer over the ledge . nothing below . candace we be home free . jack look like it . staircase insane leader ( 0.s. ) we be home free ! we be home free ! Jack turn to look above he to where the scream come from . he start to hear a stampede of footstep . jack candace , run ! ( continued ) 62 . continued : Jack and candace start run down the stair . staircase insane leader ( 0.s. ) candace , run ! run , girl ! a hyaena- like laughter be hear echoing from the top of the stair . staircase insane leader ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and they be off ! with candace take a early lead follow closely by random douche bag with mellow yellow hot on the tail . Jack look back while run . he see a group of five crazy round the corner and gain on they . they be push each other to get ahead . staircase insane leader ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and it look like number 13 be gain on mellow yellow and start to break away from the pack . Jack and candace have run down multiple flight of stair and be just about to hit the ground level . Jack see that the crazy people be very close to they . jack candace , open the door ! candace grab the door to level one and open it . Jack grab the pepper spray out of he pocket and cover he face . he spray it back at the crazy and run out through the door take candace with he and quickly close it behind he . the five crazy people start scream and cough . they fall down the flight of stair . one crack he head open on the concrete staircase . another fall and break he neck . Jack effectively immobilize all of they staircase crazy # 1 my eye ! int . hospital lobby / level 1 - day candace and Jack be stand on the other side of the staircase door with they back press up against it . there be a wall block the main lobby . ( continued ) 63 . continued : Jack hear some whistling . Jack press he body up against the wall and start walk with it , candace do the same . Jack get to the edge of the wall and turn he head to look into the lobby . in front of he the lobby be dilapidate . it look as if a train have hit it . trash can be overturn . Dead body litter the ground . there be many body of doctor on the ground . there be one live woman . Jack quickly stick he arm out and hold candace against the wall . the woman be whistling while in the middle of stabbing a doctor repeatedly in the face . she look in Jack 's direction for a long hard stare , then she stab the doctor in the face one more time and skip away . she go to the elevator and enter it . Jack get off of the wall and walk into the lobby . jack grab all the car key from all the doctor 's pocket and toss they in the purse . candace then what ? jack then we be go to have to get out of here through the front . Jack start walk towards a dead doctor to grab the key from he pocket . candace and run to the parking garage ? jack exactly . we cant go back in the staircase . I spray mace in there . it have not ventilate . I may have immobilize all that guy but we sure as hell can not get through that cloud of mace . Jack pull out some key from the doctor 's pocket and toss it to candace . candace catch the key and put they in she purse . jack ( cont 'd ) Nice catch . Jack walk over to the next doctor 's body and start digging through he pocket . ( continued ) 64 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) anyway we gotta do this quick . the pepper spray be only go to last on they for ten minute . Fifteen if we be lucky . Jack find some key in the doctor 's pocket and pull they out . Jack toss candace the key from the dead doctor 's pocket . candace how do you know that ? Jack and candace keep go from body to body grab key out of the dead doctor pocket as they talk . jack I use to be a cop . candace pull key out of a dead doctor 's pocket and put they in she purse . Jack walk over to a different dead doctor . candace you mean before all this ? jack no , I leave the force a few month ago . candace and why be that ? Jack pull some key out of the dead doctor 's pocket and toss they to candace . she miss they but pick they up and quickly place they in she purse . jack Nice catch . candace do not try to change the subject . just talk about it . jack it 's a rough subject to talk about . my wife leave I because of it . candace I be sorry to hear that . jack it 's okay . ( continued ) 65 . continued : candace please tell I . I want to get to know you . Jack pause and look at candace . candace pause as well . jack look lady . the world be end around we . you say it yourself . 13/13/13 , mayan calendar , the whole shabang . why be you try to get to know I ? candace for all I know you might be the last person on earth other then I that be not crazy . jack would not it be easier if we do not know too much about each other ... just incase ... you know ... candace grimace . candace look if something happen , I do not know if I would want to live alone in a world full of insane people anyway . jack honey , I have be live in one my entire life . candace very funny . Jack laugh . candace be visually displease . she try to have a moment with Jack but he reject she . Jack survey candace 's face as she go back to digging through the pocket of a doctor in front of she . jack excessive force . candace what ? jack I be kick off the force due to excessive force . ( continued ) 66 . continued : candace what happen ? jack I dunno . it 's a long story . candace tell I the short version . clip and picture from Jack 's story be intercut throughout he speech . jack my partner quentin and I have be stake out this meth lab . I sawa guy come out of the meth lab wear a hoodie . the perp then hook around the corner of the house and go through a gate into the backyard . flash of a clip of the perp walk through the gate into the backyard . jack ( cont 'd ) I think nothing of it at first . figure it be a cigarette break or something , but then I hear it . a faint scream of a woman yell '' stop it '' . I get out of the car and go to check it out . quentin tell I not to , tell I I be blow we cover , but I do anyway . I run towards the house as he radioe in for backup . flash of a picture of quentin on the radio in the background with Jack closer to camera walk away . jack ( cont 'd ) I get to the house and open the gate to the backyard , gun draw . there be nothing . but I could hear a woman cry more clearly . I keep walk and get to the edge of the house and hugge the wall . I turn the corner and see the perp . flash of the perp on top of the woman . ( continued ) 67 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) he be on top of this woman . her clothes be all tear to shit and she face look like it have be smashed in , but she be still cry . her eye be swollen shut but she be still cry . sound of the woman cry be hear . jack ( cont 'd ) I could hear she . ( pause ) I grab the perp and pull he off the woman . then all I see be red . next thing I know . I be on top of he and I have beat he face in with my bare hand . I kill he . she be only 17 year old . girl life , sick fuck die , I loose my job and my wife , fair trade . candace smile . candace you do the right thing . jack I think we have enough key . let 's get to the garage . Jack toss candace one more pair of key and she put they in she purse . they then start walk towards the exit . Jack and candace get close to the exit and a door open next to they . a man come run out towards Jack and candace . jack ( cont 'd ) you have get to be shitting I . suddenly the stair door open and the three survive crazy people from the staircase start run towards they . they scream . candace swing she axe at the guy run at they near the exit . she connect with he neck but not with enough force to chop he head off . the axe be lodge in the side of he neck . candace quickly pull the axe out of the side of he neck and some blood spurt out of the wound . the man collapse to the ground , dead . Jack whirl around to look at the three crazy from the stair come to they . they be very close . ( continued ) 68 . continued : jack ( cont 'd ) candace , run ! through the door ! come on , let 's go ! candace and Jack run through the door . the three crazy follow they shortly after . ext . hospital - day Jack and candace run through the outside of the hospital with the three crazy on they tail . Jack knock over thing in he path in hope that it will slow down the crazy but it do not . Jack see the parking garage and begin run towards it . candace notice Jack 's change of direction and run after he as well . Jack turn around and spray mace again . the three crazy stop before the cloud of mace can reach they . they just stand there shield they face and wait . jack this way ! Jack approach the parking garage and duck into it , candace follow . int . parking garage - day Jack enter the parking garage in a panic . candace run in after he . Jack and candace continue run . jack hit the clicker on the car . let move to the close one . Jack duck between two car . candace do the same . the three crazy people now run into the parking garage look for Jack and candace . they stop to look around and then slowly start walk . staircase crazy # 2 I know you be in here ! staircase crazy # 3 we know you be in here , man ! we see you come in . ( continued ) 69 . continued : staircase crazy # 4 yeah ! candace start hit the clicker on all the car . alarm go off above they , but nothing on the same level as they . the crazy people that be chase they stop . they be confuse by the car sound go off . staircase crazy # 2 come on out ! we only want to talk to you ! staircase crazy # 3 yeah ! we just want to have a god damn conversation with you ! Jack motion to candace to hit more car key button to make more car make noise . the three crazy people keep walk . staircase crazy # 2 look . I do not understand why you keep run from we . we just want to help you . staircase crazy # 3 we only want to help . staircase crazy # 4 yeah ... only want to help ! candace hit another car clicker . this time it go off on the car she be hide behind . Jack shake he head . one of the crazy people look at the close by car . candace quickly lie on she belly . the crazy person walk over towards that car . staircase crazy # 2 look . be it a fair fight you want ? Jack be intently stare at the crazy slowly approach candace . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) look , I promise that if you come out and fight I , my friend wont join in . right boy ? staircase crazy # 3 that 's right . ( continued ) 70 . continued : staircase crazy # 4 you betcha . they hold for a long silence . staircase crazy continue to slowly move towards candace 's position . candace roll herself underneath the car as much as she can . she put she hand over she mouth so she can not be hear at all . staircase crazy # 2 what ? my fuck word be not good enough for you ? be I not trustworthy ? staircase crazy # 3 get to the car candace be hide at . he stand there for a brief moment and then swing down and grab candace . staircase crazy # 3 peek a boo ! candace scream . staircase crazy # 3 ( cont 'd ) I get the woman ! the two crazy start laugh . Jack be try to devise some sort of plan as he survey the situation . staircase crazy # 2 we even have you fuck woman ! now you have to come out ! Jack be about to move out from behind the car . staircase crazy number # 3 be drag candace as she scream . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) still can not entice you ? he hold for Jack to respond . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) look ... I will make it fair then . I all give you a guarantee two on two . staircase crazy # 2 pull out a knife from he pocket . he hug staircase crazy # 4 and ram the knife repeatedly into he body . staircase crazy # 4 fall backwards on to the ground dead . staircase crazy # 2 start look for Jack again . ( continued ) continued : 71 . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) see ! I kill my own friend ! I 'ma man of my word ! staircase crazy # 2 start laugh . candace scream . staircase candace you bastard ! staircase crazy # 2 bastard ? bastard ? bastard ! pass I the girl . staircase crazy # 3 no . this bitch be mine . staircase crazy # 2 pass I the fuck bitch or I will kill you ! crazy # 2 pull a knife on staircase crazy # 3 and motion with the knife for he to throw candace over to he . staircase crazy # 3 pause for a second . Jack watch this with he knife grasp tightly in he hand . staircase crazy # 3 throw staircase throat . staircase staircase staircase candace at staircase crazy # 2 . staircase crazy # 3 Fine ! take the bitch . I do not even want she . crazy # 2 grab candace and put a knife up to she candace Jack , help I ! crazy # 2 smile . staircase crazy # 2 yeah , Jack . help she ! crazy # 3 start laugh . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you laugh at ? crazy # 3 walk towards he . staircase crazy # 3 nothing . just what you say be funny . ( continued ) 72 . continued : staircase crazy # 2 look at staircase crazy # 3 for a moment . staircase crazy # 2 can you wait right here for a second , darlin’ ? candace look at he . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) I will take that as a yes ! staircase crazy # 2 let go of candace and walk over to staircase crazy # 3. Jack emerge from behind the car and start walk towards candace . candace notice he and start inching towards he . staircase crazy # 2 be fixate on staircase crazy # 3 . staircase crazy # 3 notice Jack move towards candace . he be about to say something and take a step forward towards staircase crazy # 2 . staircase crazy # 2 stab staircase crazy # 3 repeatedly in the chest and then in the head before he be able to tell he that Jack be get candace . staircase crazy # 2 ( cont 'd ) do not you ever invade my personal space again ! staircase crazy # 2 keep stabbing staircase crazy # 3 . Jack slowly approach he knife at the ready . Jack sneak up behind staircase crazy # 2 while he be stabbing staircase crazy # 3 . Jack throw he arm hold the knife around the neck of staircase crazy # 2 and cut , slice open he neck . blood ooze out . Jack back up . staircase crazy # 2 grab he throat try to stop the bleed but be unsuccessful . he spin around and reach out with a bloody hand towards Jack before collapse face first onto the ground dead . Jack grab the knife of staircase crazy # 2 and put it in he pocket . candace I guess we be even . jack no way . you save I twice . ( continued ) 73 . continued : candace half smile . jack ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . candace rummages through the purse and grab a set of key . she use the clicker to unlock the car that she have be hide behind a little earlier . candace do you wanna drive or should I ? jack toss I the key . I be a cop . i’1l get we there faster . candace throw Jack the key . Jack catch the key . they get into the car . Jack turn on the radio and reverse . her run over one of the dead body of one of the staircase crazy . he then drive towards the exit of the parking lot . the camera hold on the dead body in the parking lot for a brief moment . int . parking lot car - day Jack and candace be drive in the car . Jack be speed . the radio be play . people on the road be drive like maniac . jack this be worse then rush hour . ext . parking lot car -day - continuous Jack swerve the car to avoid hit another car . candace Jesus ! people be drive on the wrong side of the road . int . parking lot car - day - continuous Jack swerve the car again . jack we be not too far from my house . once we get there we grab kendra and head out of here . ( continued ) 74 . continued : Jack ext . wide int . Jack candace and what if she ... cut 's off candace . jack we can not think like that ... I can not think like that . candace I understand . parking lot car -day - continuous shot . Jack swerve the car again . parking lot car - day - continuous continue drive . candace Jesus ! jack the guy be go to hit I ! candace after we get kendra , then what ? jack then we go to the next town over . maybe they be not affect . candace and what if they be ? jack then we head out to the desert or the mountain or something . somewhere where people be not . we stock up on supplies and wait for this to blow over or for everyone to kill each other . candace sound like a plan . jack as good as any . there have to be some type of safe zone for all this . there just have to . ( continued ) 75 . continued : Jack swerve the car and jam on the break . candace why be we stop ? jack be here . candace where ? jack my house . candace and Jack turn to look at he house . the window be all board out . people be bang on the door . jack ( cont 'd ) I do not see she . candace what the fuck happen to you house ? jack look like people be hold up inside . I bet my daughter be in there . candace it 's also surround . jack we can sneak around back . Jack and candace hear a gunshot . one of the people surround the house fall down dead . they be all scream and clammer as well as fight amongst themselves . some of the crazy people outside of the house be kill each other . it 's pandemonium . jack ( cont 'd ) kendra ! candace what be you do ! do not call attention to we . jack I need to get my daughter . Jack and candace get out of the car slowly . 76 . act 7 ext . jack 's house - day - continuous Jack begin walk slowly around he house follow closely by candace who be grip the fire axe tightly . Jack keep he eye continuously shifting from where he be walk to the crazy people bang on he house . he notice on the ground chalk drawing of the number 13 . Jack get to the side of the house with candace undetected . through a crack in one of the window , which be now board up , Jack see that quentin and Joe be inside the house . jack ( whisper ) my friend be in the house . they look like they be alive . Jack quickly duck down and start walk around the back of the house . he open up a small gate and go into the backyard , knife draw . ext . jack 's backyard - day - continuous Jack walk through the back yard with candace follow close behind . the back yard seem empty . Jack turn to completely survey it as the gate close behind they . Jack turn around when he hear the noise of the close gate . stand by the gate be a young homeless man jake wear a hoodie and talk to himself . he be hold a gun . Jack approach cautiously . homeless man jake ( golem voice ) where be we going ? homeless man Jake point a gun at Jack . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( regular voice ) do not ask they where they be go . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( golem voice ) why not ? ( continued ) 77 . continued : homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( regular voice ) it 's none of you business . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( golem Voice ) they pass through we gate it 's of course we business . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( regular voice ) just leave they alone . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( golem Voice ) why ? homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( regular voice ) have not you hurt enough people already ? homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( golem voice ) Jake ... homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( regular voice ) no ! homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( golem Voice ) Jake ... we have to kill they . jack Jake ? homeless man Jake turn to look at Jack . homeless man jake ( regular voice ) look man . I do not want he to hurt you . you be go to have to kill the gate keeper to be safe . homeless man Jake ( golem voice ) start cry . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( golem voice ) why would you say that about we Jake ? Jack hold he knife tightly and raise it . homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) ( regular voice ) look mister . I be try to help you . ( more ) ( continued ) 5/10/13 78 . continued : homeless man jake ( cont ’d ) you be go to have to kill he or he be go to kill you . jack but , you be the only person there . homeless man jake ( regular voice ) what ? candace you be he . homeless man jake ( golem voice ) I told you I only ever do this to protect we ! homeless man Jake start run at Jack at full speed . candace swing the axe , connect with Jake 's head and chopping it completely off . Jack walk over to a formation of rock on the ground in he backyard . candace what be you do ? jack just give I a second . he grab a rock that look like a slightly different color then the other rock . he lift it up and reveal that it be not a rock but a hide - a- key case . jack ( cont 'd ) get it ! Jack take the key out of the bottom of the rock and walk over to the back door of the house . Jack put the key in the back door and pause . candace everything okay ? Jack turn to look at candace . jack yeah , everything 's fine . candace wink at Jack . the hold a linger stare . Jack smile back at she . ( continued ) 5/10/13 79 . continued : Jack open up the back door of the house and enter . candace follow he in . the door close behind they . the sun be start to go down a little int . jack 's live room - day - continuous Inside of the live room quentin and Joe lean up against a couch that quentin have overturn . the window be all board up . the crazy people outside be hear bang on the front door . quentin be put pressure on the wound on Joe 's stomach . quentin stay with I , buddy . Joe groan . quentin ( cont 'd ) man down ! we have a man down ! joe quentin , I be loose a lot of blood here , man ... I do not think ... quentin nonsense ! joe quentin ... quentin take he gun and point it at Joe 's head . quentin you never give up before . you be wounded worse in the past . Joe knock down quentin 's gun from he head but quentin reposition it back to he head . joe I be ? quentin smile and nod . quentin sure you be . when we be in the Korean war together . stare down the double barrel of a shotgun . next to you a Korean boy 's head be blow off . you know you be next . ( more ) ( continued ) 5/10/13 continued : quentin ( cont 'd ) woman and child dead everywhere . and when that american pull the trigger on you and you head explode you go down a proud Korean . joe I be asian ? quentin we be all a little bit asian . 80 . Joe start cough . Jack and candace walk up to Joe and quentin , weapon at the ready . candace Jack be careful . they be affect . jack they look okay . candace just be careful . quentin hear they come and whirl around and point gun at Jack . quentin jacky boy ! jack quentin ? quentin who 's the broad ? jack eye fixate on the gun quentin be hold . jack her name be candace . quentin point the gun at candace . quentin hiya , candace ! candace look nervous . jack uh ... quentin ... you wanna put down the gun ? he ( continued ) 5/10/13 81 . continued : quentin pause for a second and he eye dart back and forth between Jack and candace . quentin no ... jack quentin . just please put the gun down . quentin lower the gun . quentin how do you get into we base ? jack quentin , it 's my house . I come in through the back door . quentin do you lock the back door ? jack of course I do . quentin well , that 's good . jack you guy be not crazy ? quentin you guy be not crazy ? Joe start cough . jack what happen to Joe ? joe oh I ? I be fine . quentin we base be under siege . I be just tell Joe this be not half as bad as what he and I face in the Korean War . Jack look concerned . jack quentin , you guy be not ever ina war . ( continued ) 5/10/13 82 . continued : quentin look upset . quentin we be not ? joe quentin swore I be a Korean . jack that do not make any sense . there be a bang at the front door like a gunshot . candace how long have you guy hold they off ? quentin we have hold they off all day . it 's how we keep safe . board up the window and stuff . Jack 's eye survey the room . he notice the 13 's paint in blood all over the wall . jack how do that get there ? quentin what ? Jack point to the 13 's on the wall . jack that . quentin turn to look at they and stare at they for a few second . he then turn back to look at Jack . quentin absolutely no clue . jack no clue ? Joe start cough . quentin comfort Joe a little bit , put pressure on he wound again . quentin hang in there , joey . jack be everyone okay ? ( continued ) 5/10/13 83. continued : quentin well , I be fine . Joe be not doin’ too hot . jack what about kendra ? quentin kendra ? jack Jack be but have quentin candace my daughter ? quentin oh . she run away . a deserter ! jack where do she go ? quentin she get the crazy , Jack . ai not nothin I could do about it , soldier . she smashed private trevor 's head open , kill ‘em . very upset . he be do he best to keep it together a little bit of a break down . jack I need to find my daughter ! point he gun at Jack . quentin pull it together , soldier . we do not have any room for sissy in this battalion . she will be take care of when reprimand . try to comfort Jack but he push she off . jack my daughter ... candace Jack ... I be so sorry ... quentin pull it together or I will shoot you . jack shut up , quentin ! ( continued ) 5/10/13 84 . continued : quentin there 's no cry in warfare ! Jack reach out quickly and snatch quentin 's gun away from he . quentin ( cont 'd ) do not you take my thing ! do not you ever fuck take my thing ! Jack point the gun at quentin . jack you be go to need to calm down . quentin snatch Joe 's gun from he and point it at Jack . candace Jack , he 's completely insane . quentin Jack be completely insane ! I have to protect myself . jack look quentin , if you do not put that gun down I be go to have to kill you . quentin kill I ? kill I ? kill I ! you crazy fuck what the fuck be wrong with you ! I be just try to protect myself and this goddamn house . i’1l fuck kill you ! suddenly the front door be kick open . a flood of people start run in . Jack 's eye dart to the front door . jack shit ! the front door ! quentin spin around to see the people charge in . he quickly point he gun away from Jack and towards the intruder . quentin Fire ! quentin and Jack begin shoot the intruder . Jack shoot one of the intruder in the face . ( continued ) 5/10/13 85 . continued : quentin fire and miss . quentin fire again and hit a intruder in the chest , knock he off of he foot . a woman run towards Jack . Jack fire at she , shoot she through the throat . jack we gotta close that door ! candace I will do it ! jack it 's too dangerous . candace well , you just make sure that crazy asshole with the gun do not shoot I . quentin too busy shoot home intruder , bitch ! jack i‘1l lay down some cover fire . Jack and quentin continue lay cover fire as candace make she way to the door . she clutches the axe in she hand . she be hunch while move in order to duck , but she be right in the line of fire . Jack shoot another crazy man in the face and he hit the ground . quentin unload two round into a approach crazy guy 's chest . quentin woo ! get they ! quentin jump over the couch cover and approach he kill . Jack go to fire he gun but he be out of ammo . jack candace , get back here ! candace what happen to the cover fire ? jack I be out of bullet . ( continued ) 5/10/13 86 . continued : Jack turn to look at quentin who be stand over a dead body . he unload the rest of he clip , about three round , into the dead body . jack ( cont 'd ) quentin ! quentin turn he head to look up at Jack . quentin I be out of fuckin ammo too ! Jack grimace . jack shit ! candace keep walk towards the door . there be only one crazy person leave inside the house but more be see in the distance outside . candace I be almost there . jack candace get back here ! Jack run towards candace . the crazy person start run towards candace . candace loose she foot due to trip on something on the ground and drop the fire axe . quentin go back to behind the couch to hide with Joe . jack ( cont 'd ) candace , duck ! candace duck down and Jack throw he knife hit the crazy person in the head with the knife and lodging it within they brain . candace Holy shit ! jack okay ... now we be even . Jack grab he knife and press down with he foot on the dead person face to counterweight . he remove the knife from the dead person face and wipe the blade clean on he shirt . ( continued ) 5/10/13 87 . continued : Jack then turn to look at the front door . he see crazy people approach . jack ( cont 'd ) shit ! Jack kick the front door close . candace we gotta put something in front of the door . it 's not gonna hold . Jack turn to look around . he notice some nearby furniture and point to it . jack that ! candace and he go over to the furniture and start push it . the crazy people be quickly approach from outside . jack ( cont 'd ) we gotta push faster . candace I be try ! jack quentin , help we ! there be no answer . jack ( cont 'd ) quentin ! there be still no answer . the crazy people outside be run up the walkway . candace do not ask he to help we , Jack ! you be gonna have to put he down ! he 's affect . jack then try harder ! be run out of time ! the crazy people be about to get to the door . candace and Jack move the furniture in front of the door just in time . some crazy people start bang on the door but be unable to get past the furniture . ( continued ) 5/10/13 88 . continued : candace that be close . jack too close . Jack look around for quentin . jack ( cont 'd ) quentin ? there 's no answer . jack ( cont 'd ) quentin , where be you ? there be still no answer . suddenly Jack hear Joe yelp from behind the couch . jack ( cont 'd ) Joe ! act 8 Jack rush over to the couch to see what be wrong with Joe . candace follow . when Jack get 's behind the couch he see quentin sit next to Joe brandish a bloody knife . it look as if Joe be bleed more . Joe be cough . jack ( cont 'd ) what happen ? Joe cough . quentin he 's not do too well . joe you guy get out of here . just leave I behind . jack be not go to leave you behind . Joe keep cough , now blood be come out of he mouth . Jack go to put pressure on the wound . jack ( cont 'd ) what happen ? ( continued ) 5/10/13 89 . continued : quentin raise he knife to Joe 's throat . jack ( cont 'd ) quentin , stop ! quentin it 's time to put Old yeller down , jacky Boy ! quentin cut Joe 's throat . Joe slowly bleed from the neck . he die slowly with he eye open . Jack lunge at quentin but quentin slashes he on the arm . quentin ( cont 'd ) get off of I ! quentin push Jack away . Jack cradle he wounded arm and look at it . the cut be deep . jack I be sorry about this , quentin . quentin laugh . quentin sorry ? sorry ? you be fuck crazy ! you be try to kill I ! Jack take out he knife and start walk towards quentin . quentin back away from Jack . quentin ( cont 'd ) get the fuck away from I ! jack quentin , put down the fuck knife . quentin I do not want to hurt you anymore then I have , Jack . get away from I ! quentin back up into a wall . jack it do not have to be like this . quentin laugh . ( continued ) 5/10/13 90 . continued : quentin do not have to be like what ? you be out of you mind and try to kill I ! jack quentin , you out of you mind ! you just fuck kill you brother ! quentin no , you kill Joe . not I ! you come into my fortress and kill my brother , you bastard ! quentin be get very angry and pump up . jack quentin , you be delusional ! quentin so what if I be ! and so what if I do ! he be wounded ! it be the humane thing to do ! you tell I to kill he ! jack I do no such thing ! quentin well somebody fuck do ! jack put the knife down or I will be force to take you out . one of the board on the window fall down . behind quentin . stand at the window be kendra . Jack freeze . jack ( cont 'd ) kendra ! quentin whirl around to see kendra at the window try to climb in . quentin I find the deserter ! jack kendra , baby it 's go to be okay . suddenly quentin pull out he gun and shoot kendra in the head . killing she instantly . ( continued ) 5/10/13 continued : jack ( cont 'd ) no! quentin guess I be not out of bullet after all . 91 . Jack start walk towards quentin . quentin point he gun at Jack and Jack freeze . jack you kill my fuck daughter you bastard ! quentin you calm down soldier ! she be a deserter and a murderer ! she have to pay the punishment of she crime . jack she be 12 year old ! quentin come on , tough guy . why do not you put that knife down and beat my face in just like you beat that boy 's face in ? jack quentin , I be go to kill you ! quentin suit yourself ! quentin pull the trigger but the gun be out of ammo . quentin ( cont 'd ) shit ! guess it 's go time ! Jack run at quentin . quentin ( cont 'd ) Atta boy ! quentin run at Jack and tackle he . Jack hit the ground hard . he swing he knife quentin block it knock Jack 's knife out of candace get off of he ! at quentin . he hand . ( continued ) 5/10/13 92 . continued : quentin poor form ! quentin quickly stab Jack in the stomach . Jack groan . quentin ( cont 'd ) squeal like a stick little piggy boy . candace start approach quentin . quentin ( cont 'd ) oh , you wanna play too ? jack leave she alone ! quentin why ? quentin get off of Jack and run towards candace . candace prepare the fire axe and swing it but quentin duck and it miss he . quentin get on top of candace and start punch she in the face . jack get off of she ! candace start cry . Jack can hear the cry . Jack have a strong emotional response to this . candace try to struggle but quentin hold she down . he rip up she clothes and continue punch she . jack ( cont 'd ) stop ! Jack try to get up but he cant . he hear the cry of candace and it will he up , but barely . Jack stumble towards quentin . he grab quentin and throw he off of candace . quentin so it 's a brawl you want , eh , Jack ? Jack look down at candace . her face be beat but not too bad , she be still breathe . ( continued ) 5/10/13 93 . continued : jack you okay ? candace yea .. I ’1l1 be alright . quentin we gonna do this or what , Jack ? jack bring it . quentin run at Jack . this time Jack grab quentin by throw he arm over quentin 's head and fall backwards with he . quentin 's face hit the ground . Jack quickly roll on top of he . Jack be about to punch quentin in he face when quentin dig one of he finger into jack wound . Jack scream . jack ( cont 'd ) fuck ! quentin how 's that feel ? quentin start laugh hysterically . Jack swat quentin 's hand away from he wound . a flash of red go on the screen . Jack be see red . he start punch quentin in the face repeatedly . Hand over hand . each punch with more force then the last one . his knuckle be start to bleed . he continue punch . blood splashes up into he face . Jack have completely smashed quentin 's face in , but he keep punch quentin 's lifeless face . candace get up and put she and on Jack 's shoulder . candace he 's dead , Jack . Jack whirl around to look at candace . he be cover in blood and panting like a crazy animal . he calm himself down and look back at quentin 's dead body . there be a knock on the door . ( continued ) 5/10/13 94 , continued : crazy person at door ( 0.s. ) open up ! candace we need to get out of here . jack I know . Jack try to stand up but can not . he groan and topple over onto the floor . candace come on , big guy . candace help Jack stand up . jack I be just go to slow you down . candace smile . candace nonsense . there be another bang on the door . they whirl around to look . the crazy people be start to break past the furniture . Jack groan in pain . jack we need to get out of here quick . candace okay . let 's go . Jack throw he arm around candace and she help he walk . Jack notice the axe and the knife lay on the ground . jack grab the axe and the knife . we be gonna need they . candace then I be go to have to let go of you . jack that 's fine . I think I can stand . candace let go of Jack and go to pick up the axe and the knife . ( continued ) 5/10/13 95 . continued : Jack fall over back onto the ground . he be very weak and have lose a lot of blood . candace hear he fall and look at he , very upset . candace oh my god ! jack I be fine . just grab the weapon . we do not have any time to spare . candace grab the weapon and rush over to Jack . she help he back up . he be a lot slower and heavier this time . he groan as she pull he up to he foot . candace do not worry . I get you . jack I guess we be not even anymore . candace laugh . Jack try to laugh but it hurt he stomach and he groan instead . Jack turn around to look at the front door . the crazy people be push on it hard . almost wedge it open enough to get into the house . candace come on Jack . they walk as fast as they can out of the room . ext . jack 's backyard - night - continuous Jack walk through he back yard on candace 's support . it 's night time now . the back yard be very still and serene . jack you should just leave I here . I be just slow you down . candace do not be silly . jack I be . candace no one get leave behind , remember . ( continued ) 5/10/13 96 . continued : Jack and candace push through out of the back yard and pass through the gate . ext . jack 's house - night - continuous the crazy people break into Jack 's live room and all start run inside . luckily it work out perfectly timing - wise as Jack and candace emerge from the backyard . they hobble over to the car undetected . when they get to the car they pause for a moment . candace lean Jack against the car . candace where be the key ? jack you be not drive . candace if you have not notice you be in no shape to drive , buddy . Jack think about it for a second and then reach into he pocket . jack here . he grab the key from he pocket and toss they to candace . she unlock the car and then come around and open Jack 's door for he . candace let I help you . jack it 's fine . candace I insist . jack thanks ... candace help lift Jack into the car . int . parking lot car - night Jack sit in the back of the car so he can lay down . ( continued ) 5/10/13 97 . continued : candace run around to the driver side of the car and get in . suddenly the crazy people in the house see they at the car and start run towards they . candace try to start the car but it wont start . candace shit . jack candace , let 's go ! candace I be try , the car wont start . jack give it another try , or like a jiggle or something . they be quickly approach the car . candace try again to start up the engine but it just wont start . jack ( cont 'd ) candace , they be gain on we . candace turn to look at the people run towards the car . she quickly lock all the door so they cant get in . candace it wont work ! jack try again ! candace try one last time as the crazy people get close to the car . luckily the get the car to turn on just in the nick of time . candace yes ! it 's work . candace start drive . candace start laugh . Jack cough a little . candace ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? jack I will be fine . ( continued ) 5/10/13 98 . continued : they speed off as the crazy people run behind they . Jack turn to look at they as the get leave in the distance . Jack 's eye move from the crazy people to he house and he be fill with the memory of the life he leave behind . candace who know ... maybe tomorrow no one will be affect anymore . Jack think the idea over in he head and then slowly respond . jack what do you mean ? candace well tomorrow wont be 13/13 /13 anymore . it will be 13/14/13 . maybe it be all just for one day . jack God I hope not . candace why would you hope that it be not just for one day ? jack because then I would have just kill my wife , my best friend , and countless other people for no reason if a day later they be all go to be okay . candace think about Jack 's response and nod . candace but it be self defence . jack more like be impatient . we could have just wait . candace so you want it to be like this forever ? jack you say it yourself , the mayan calendar , the end of the world , be all bound to die some day . some sooner then other . ( continued ) 5/15/13 99 . continued : candace nod . candace well , where to ? Jack think for a minute . candace ( cont 'd ) well ? jack absolutely anywhere but here . candace laugh . candace you wanna try the next town over ? jack sure . maybe it 's unaffected . candace true . jack smile a half smile and stare out the window of the car . Jack be breathe hard . he begin do something with the window . jack I guess ... candace who know . maybe they at least have some leap year baby over there . Jack laugh . jack maybe .... candace notice Jack draw something on the window . candace be gonna be okay now Jack . Jack stop move . candace ( cont 'd ) we make it . there be no response . ( continued ) 5/15/13 100 . continued : candace ( cont 'd ) Jack what be you do back there ? candace turn around to look into the back seat of the car . Jack look like he be sleep in the back seat . candace survey he . he look pail and be clutching the wound on he stomach . he have lose a lot of blood . candace ( cont 'd ) Jack ! there be still no answer . candace ( cont 'd ) Jack , wake up ! Jack do not respond . candace reach over to shake Jack . she shake he body a little . candace ( cont 'd ) Jack ! there be still no response . she reach over to check he vital . she hold for a couple second . a look of pure anguish strike she face . she can not get a pulse . she begin to cry . candace ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry , Jack ... her eye trace Jack from he wound up to he face . behind he head be some smudge on the window . she look at they . it 's a stick figure family draw in blood , of a man and a little girl . candace ( cont 'd ) oh Jack .... candace begin to scream in agony and have a complete meltdown in the car . after a few moment she manage to pull herself together . CUT to black