1408 written by Scott Alexander & Larry karaszewski * fade in : ext . highway -~ day a dull highway . a crappy sedan rear by . int . crappy car ~- day + the wheel , drive this piece of shit , be mike enslin , 35 , a grizzle , weary soul . he stare glassily at the road , a cigarette behind he ear , a styrofoam cup of exxon coffee at he mouth . a sign drift by : " woodfin , rte 251 N - asheville , interstate 240.e , Hwy 40 , next right , thru traffic merge '' heh ? Mike frown . ext , country road - dusk rain pour down on a unpave country intersection . Mike stand outside he car , soak , check a wet map . he 's confuse and annoyed . ' there be no road marking at all . he check he watch . se ext . country inn - night a qaaint rural inn , dark of night . the ambiance be picturesque , but off-putte . Porch lantern glow . shadows be deep . a ancient elm tree frame the bang weathered sign : " the camden Inn " then , finally ~~ headlight . Mike 's car pull up in the mud . int . inn - night Mike trudge into the homey , wear lobby . mire hi. Mike enslin , check in -- the gregarious innkeeper jump up , excited . they be country folk , beam . mr . innkeeper oh , Mr. enslin ! we be so worried you be not gonna show ! mrs . innkeeper it 's such a honor to have you here . , % a! mike ( disinterested ) yeah . great . uh , if I could just get my key -- they ignore he exhaustion . mr . innreeper you probably want to hear all about we haunt history ! well , that rear staircase be where the may reputedly hang herself in 1870 . mrs . innkeeper phere 's a picture -~ mike can we do this in the morning ? mrs . innkeeper ( rummage through drawer ) wait ! it 's print in we brochure ! insert - brochure she thrust out a brochure that say " haunted ! " there 's a bhoto of the lobby , and a faint white shape in a window . mrs . innkeeper do you see she ? mike uh -- mrs . innkeeper a guest take that photo in 1986 . you can sort of see syivia 's '' ethereal apparation '' reflect in the window . Mike stare , unimpress . mr . innkeeper at least , sylvia be what we call she . mike terrify . ( pause ) I be ready to hit the sack . in you letter , you mention the scariest room be in the old attic ? mrs . innkeeper phat 's right . the third floor be the former servant 's quarter . people say all sylvia 's c xen die up there of tuberculosis . ( more ) + ete mrs . innkeeper ( cont 'd ) ( spooky ) right up there . right above where you and I be stand , right now ... mr. innkeeper guest have report strange sound . at the stroke of midnight , there 's be weird noise . creak . moane. ( mysterioso ) qur best advice ... be to lock you door from the inside . int . inn ~ mike' room - late night Mike lie om the antigue bed , on a quilt , drink mini-bar booze . he have a army of tiny scotch , gin , vodka . he 's bored out of he mind . dissolve to : later the booze be empty . somewhere , a grandfather clock chime midnight . dong , dong , dong ! Mike groggily glance at a bedsiae clock . wait . listen . alert to anything ... suddenly -~ 2 loud crash ! Mike jerk , startle . he jump up , concerned ... then realize it 's only thunder . oh. dissolve to : later Mike be snore , drool , pass out . we . crappy car - drive - day ie iike be pack in the car , drive another endless interstate . he speak flatly inte a pocket mini -recorder . mike people speak of the spectral presence of sylvia ... though I personally never encounter she . ( beat ) in any case , the egg benedict '' ous , and Mrs. Clark say if you have a party ef four , she will make she famous flourless chocolate cake . ( beat ) mike ( cont ' D} mar shiver scale of 1 to 10 , I award he camden Inn seven skull . & t Mike click the recorder off . he put it down -~ then have a think and turn it back on . mike fuck ‘em , six skulis . z B cet . barne & noble ~ night beh a mall bookstore . the marguee shout " ghost survival guide author M. enslin tonight ! 7 b.m . '' int . barne & noble - night Mike enter , dishevel . the store be sad and generic -- a air of listlessness hang over the shelf . Mike tiredly approach the busy cashier . mike Excuse I . I be Mike enslin . cashier sorry ? mike iim , uh ... the " star " of you booksign tonight . cashier ( a dawn awareness ) oh , right . right ! okay then ! the cashier finish he order , then flick on a small B.A. system . he grab a microphone and read off a xerox flyer : assistant manager attention , book lover ! in the author 's corner tonight , we have note cccult writer Mike enslin ! he 's the author of the bestsell ghost survival guide , with such title as " ten haunted hotel , " " ten haunted graveyard , '' and " ten haunted lighthouse " ! around the store , peeple lock up . Mike lean inte the cuyv . p mike you get a bathroom I can clean up in , first ? CUT to : int . barne & noble ~ later it 's depress -- the sad reality of the back of the store have 30 or 40 fold y five spectator . Mike 's paperback , discoursing . the event . bpooksignings . chair , but there 's alongside a pile of mike sure , this place have colorful historias . that 's the hook : the wedding night murder . the caretaker who leap the he death . the runaway horse that trample the old lady . the war widow who go crazy and throw the baby down the well ... the people go wide - eye . Mike let this hang ... then deflate it . mike but there 's never any documentation ! if you do one icta of research , the tragic event never happen ! it 's just a marketing hook invent by desperate hotel when the interstate get build too far away . the crowd do not get it . one emphatic man raise he hand . emphatic man have you ever see a poltergeist ? mike ( he react ) see ? that 's exactly what I be talk about . you do not hear one word I just say . I can type myself sick debunk this place , shoot arrow in the legend , and it only make people want to stay there more . lady ( she raise she hand ) well , my family 's plan a trip this summer . would you say there 's a higher concentration of ghost in New England or in the South ? Mike wipe he face . mike i say nowhere , but no one 's ening . L prebably want to + k - up my '' ten haunted antebellum ansion . " eo 3 later Mike be si no paperback , rote , the same autograph over and over : " stay scare ! Mike enslin " '' stay scare ! Mike ensiin '' mike of course , I try to be scientific . if travel with a emf meter , a infrared camera ... a full~range spectrometer . but I have never have to use they , because there 's nothing to record ! then -- a hardback enter frame . he look up , surprised . a nervous woman hold the book . it 's a dusty , fade copy of Mike 's early novel , " the Road back nowhere . '' the artwork be heartfelt : a watercolor of a boy hold a surfboard . mike Jesus . what rock do you find that under ? nervous woman Ebay . mike wow . have not see one of this in year . ( awkward ) how much do it ... go for ? the woman bite she lip , prefer not to say . nervous woman well , there be not many bidder . ( she smile ) but it 's a lovely book . be you go to write another one like this ? he glance at the back cover : a dacade - old photo of himself -- young and optimistic . fh Mike 's face fall . mike nope . that be a different guy . ext . florida beach - dawn the sun be peek over the horizon . the pink sky be lovely , break over a rocky inlet . Mike drive into a beach parking lot . he glance over -~ spot a cluster of park car . across the sand , a group of dedicated surfer in wetsuit ride the early morning wave . Mike stare -- then keep drive . a surfboard stick out of he car . he go to the far end of the parking lot , off by himself , then pull over . ext . ocean - later Mike ride a wave , it 's exquisite . for he , this experience be not about adrenaline , but tranquility , the weariness that usually hang over he be go . he 's alone and perfectly serene . happy . Mike enjoy the spray in he face . until -- he hear a strange buz . he look around , then up . above a small airplane fly over , towing a banner . Mike squint , try to read it . the sky be too bright . the banner be silhouett ... Mike focus harder ... distract ... when -- bam ! a monstrous wave suddenly pound he ! crash ! Mike get slam underwater . underneath Mike get pull down . he scream out , but only bubbles emerge . the water batter he . everything swirl . he spin , lose track of which way be up . Mike struggle , desperate ... try to reach for sky ... get suck deeper toward the darkness ... when -~ _ , @ vty I angle ~ he surfboard suddenly appear from above . like a godsend . grab for it -- when -~ it unexpectedly pitch im in the head . cur to : ext . beach ~ later ecu - mike' face Mike lie mutely on he back , on the sand . hyperventilate . wind . eves glassy . but alive . CUT to : ext . mailboxe , etc . ~ day a overlit , bleach - white fluorescent hellhole . a anonymous storefront of mailbox , pack supplies , and key-cutte . Mike enter and go over to he mailbox . he unlock it , remove a startling amount of mail . the friendly mailbox guy nod . mailbox guy you have be go awhile . mike ( disinterested ) yeah . int . palm coffee shop - day Mike sit in a corner booth , alone . his breakfast sit abandon , runny egg yolk congeal . he sip he eighth cup of coffee . the table be spread with month of open mail . dozen of brochure for hotel , inn , B & B 's . Mike flip through they . some have macabre marketing -- " spirit ! strange ? " a few have even photoshop transparent phantom into they antique - laden lobby . Mike glance at a Post - it : '' dear Mr. enslin , please consider cur Motel for you next ghost guide . " he stare ~- then toss it . he rummages through more mail : bill from a nursing home . skeptical Enquirer magazine . he weekly World News . he slashes a envelope with he fancy letter opener . Inside be a childish greeting card -- a cartoon tiger say " you be terrrrrrr-ific ! happy birthday ! " bb Mike frown , then throw it in the trash pile . he reach for a postcard . insert ~ postcard the back have but three scribble word : " don't enter 1408 " on mike hm . he gaze , then flip over the card . [ it 's a generic giveaway HOTEL postcard . a montage of photo : elegant 1920 exterior . classy room . a overstuff lounge fill with smile , attractive rich people . a scrolling font say : '' when in New York City , visit the dolphin Hotel ! '' Mike fixate on the word '' New York . '' his face darken , and he toss the card in the junk pile . he start to move on -- when something catch he eye . he peer back at the cerd , .. tight - postcard again , '' don't enter 1408 . " we push in on the numbere , until they fill the screen . 1408 ... 1408 ... Mike think . he click a pen , then scribbles the digit as a math column : 1 + 4 + 0 + @ =........ 13 . a smile flicker across he face . mike cute . Mike be amused . he consider the card , then suddenly open he laptop computer . angle - computer Mike spin the mouse , click '' Internet . '' he wait patiently , while the green wi -fi icon scroll , search ... search ... until ~- " no signal available " Mike groan . mike goddamn corner booth . wide ink , Mike grab the computer . he jump from he beoth and start meander around the coffee shop , eyeball the computer screen like a hungry hawk . a few step -- ahl a glimmer ef green , then red . as '' oe ect he march toward the door -- eye glue to the screen , the diner shoot he lock , but he be indifferent to other people . he lift the laptop over he head , try different position . ext . coffee shop -~ same time Mike exit the building . suddenly , he find a signal . ah - ha ! the Internet open . the web page speak : internet lady voice good morning , Mike . mire ( he smile ) good morning , Fake Voice Lady ! he guickly sit on a cinderblock wall and start expertly typing . insert ~ computer Mike go to " google . " he type in '' dolphin HOTEL new york '' beat . a page of text appear . Mike click on a link to the dolphin . a millisecond pause -- then the dolphin HOTEL 's stylish homepage appear . it be exactly what one would expect : chandelier . clink champagne flute . link to '' spa " " dine " " banquet facility " '' reservation '' ... Mike know this be a dead end . he click back to " google , " then try '' dolphin HOTEL ghost '' the computer respond , " no result '' Mike backspace and try again : '' dolphin HOTEL supernatural " the computer respond , '' no result * Mike backspace and try yet again : " dolphin HOTEL haunting " the computer respond , " no result " Mike stare . unbow , he face darken . he try a different approach : " dolphin HOTEL deate '' the computer pause -- then the screen fill with entries . mike suddenly gasp , horrify , # mike Jesus Christ ... gupt pos int . research library ~- day Mike sit in a musty library basement , screlling through microfiche roll . on the amber screen be a ancient New York Herald - tribune : the headline scream '' factory owner leap from HOTEL . " there be a portrait of a stuffy - look rich man , then underneath a gory weegee - like photo of a bloody mess on a New York sidewalk , the cop dourly clean up . for the first time , Mike seem affect . truly bother . shaken , he scribbles note on a4 legal pad , under the word " dolphin , " we see the pad be fill with item ... a spooky pause ... when suddenly -- ring !! it 's he cellphone . Mike jump , startle . embarrass by the noise , he quickly answer it . mire hello ? but , nothing . Mike frown . mike helle ! this be Mike enslin . be anybody there ? no response . just -~ a faint crackle static . Mike struggle to hear ~- when click . the line go dead . weird . Mike look back at he list of death ... int . mike' office - night cU on a jumble of old newspaper article . a blizzard of word and headline : '' suicide '' ... " drowning " ... " electrocution " ... " heart attack . " we slowly pull out , revealing dozen of dolphin article , tack on a corkboard . a blur of photo , nasty death image and old - fashioned formal portrait . the victim lock like solid early 20 th - century citizen : a walrus - moustach man in a bowler . '' a prim woman in round spectacle . we conpinue pulling out , find Mike on a ratty couch . surrounded by this horror . hé hold the dolphin postcard , stare . agitate . suddenly he downs a shot of bourbon , then dial the phone number . he wait . ring . ring ~- e a 12 . operator ( '' good evening , delphin see 's I direct you call ? how may mix ling about room 1408 . operator ( v.0.3 i do not believe we have such a room . mike ( leng beat ) do not you ...? another pause . operator ( ¥.0 . ) er , one moment , please . Mike get put on hold . sprightly music kick in , and a recorded announcement . smcoth recording '' when stay at the dolphin , be certain to enicy New York 's finest dining , at the fable Blue Mar Restaurant on we mezzanine lev - ~ - " HOTEL voice ( cut in ) May I help you ? mike yes , I would like to stay in room 1408 . _ HOTEL voice that room be unavailable . Mike raise a eyebrow . how ' bout Saturday ? HOTEL voice it 's unavailable . het ww HOTEL voice unavailable . mike ( tick off ) next month ? unavailable . next summer ! HOTEL voice ( beat ) thank you for call . click . the man hang up . Mike be stupefy . int . manhattan literary agency - day a busy New York agency with million - dollar view . SAM farrell , a@ gregarious old - school gentleman agent , yell out . SAM } where 's good chinese , near th ? I gotta have lunch with that iot from random House . secretary ( on the phone , gesture ) it 's Mike enslin , call from Florida again . Sam wince . he look around , then hail a bookish lawyer . SAM clay ! you get a sec ' for Mike ensiin lawyer uh -- sure -~ SAM great . be pull he into he leather - bound office . faa ) not . sam' office 4 Sam slam the door and lower he voice . SAM now look , this guy tend to get 4 dittle morose , so try to keep the energy up . otherwise , he stew in he own funk . Sam punch he speakerphone . SAM mikel ! ) mike ( v.0 . ) Sam -- SAM read the first five chapter last night . spooky shit . conld not sleep a wink . it 's gonna make a bundle -- mike ( v.0 . ) so do you -- SAM you better believe I didi and I get we top lawyer here right now ! ( he wink } Mike , clay . clay , Mike . Mike , talk fast . this guy 's $ 400 a hour . mike ( v.0 . ) so , about the dolphin -- SAM yes , the dolphin ! that stick-up-it - ass relic on 61st . too posh for a free plug ! well , you be gonna love what clay cook up : he dig arcund and find you a Federal Civil rights law ! bi not thet a hoot ? {he chuckle } like somebody would discriminate against you : a well - to - do white man ! ( amused ) but the law 's the law : if the room 's not occupy , they have to give it to you . mike ( ¥.0 . ) good . clay $c we will beok it , and if they refuse , we will rattle we saber and file suit . a pause . Sam turn quiet , lean into the speakerphone . of un SAM es but Mike ... on a more personal note : be you really sure you want to come here ? mike ( ¥.0.3 ( tentative ) s-sure . it will make a solid close chapter for the -- SAM yeah yeah . = know the routine . ( sincere ) but seriously ... buddy . it 's New York . all that happen ... ( pause ) De you really want to put yourself through that ...? closeup - mike his face cloud . he consider he past , then whisper . mike I will be quick . and it 's a different S part of town ... SAM be you gonna call lily ? mike n- no . it 's a job . ( he voice crack ) T will be in , and out . we hold on Mike , brim with uncertainty ... then -- a loud shrieeeeek ! ext . sky - day a airplane descend into New York . int . airplane ~ day Mike look out the window . the grid of New York be below , neatly geometric , until -- the plane suddenly bank , swoop in . he whole view spin . Mike recoil , nauseate . he a bet . new york - day blackness . then -- a taxi emerge into the light . we have be look into the Holland tunnel . int . cab - drive a carve crucifix swing from the mirror . Mike ride in back . face want . New York 's a jumble . he peer about -- everything seem discordant . Canal Street be a collection of unsettle image : smoke curis from a grate . [ it clear , revealing a man lie motionless on the sidewalk . spark arc inside a open factory door . a snarling dog bark behind bar . seafood decompose in a fish market . {he cabbie honk furiously at the congestion . / cabbie this traffic 's a fuckin’ nightmare . I be gonna cut up eighth . mike ( woozy ) n- no. please . do not go that way ... Canal 's fine ... cabbie just lemme drive . the cabbie hook leave . Mike blanch back . the cab drive uptown , and the sense of dread grow . crumble building block out the sun . Mike grimace , anxious . know something be approach ... out the window a old brick school come into view . on the playground , child run around . Mike shudder . distraught , he avert he eve . ext . dolphin HOTEL ~ night a sumptuous refugee from the Jazz Age . a statue of a smiling dolphin deminate the portal . it leer a happy greeting . 17 . Mike 's cab arrive . he get out , carry a duffel . int . dolphin lobby - night swanky and archaic , but beautifully maintain . the last time it be hip , dorothy parker get drunk in the coatroom , the doorman open the deor for mik Mike 's sweat , he usual imsouciance rattle . he glance around the small lobby : on the mezzanine , a pianist play gershwin . chic guest in evening wear cavort . a rich old couple walk a poodle . a beautiful woman in a gown casually breastfeed a baby . Mike go up to reception . the desk clerk smile formally . desk clerk welcome to the dolphin , sir , be you check in ? mike yes . Mike enslin , stay for cone night . hmphh ? the desk clerk suddenly tighten up , awkward . desk clerk uh ... could you excuse I one moment ? she hurry off . Mike raise a eyebrow . we follow the clerk as she scurries down the counter . she reach a rigid assistant manager and whisper . he listen , give Mike a discreet glance . the Assistant manager whisper something back , then rush out a rear door . beat . Mike wait . bide he time ... pause ~~ then the rear door open , and out glide the manager , mr. olin . olin , 60 , be a precise man of european air , he tailore suit , carefully - parte hair and manicure nail only make bearable by he clipped dry wit . tight - olin he nod professionally and extend he hand . olin Mr. enslin , iim Gerald olin. the manager of the dolphin . £ there 's any way I can be of assistance while you be here -- dinner reservation , i at all -- please I be delighted to be at you service . ie . mike uh , that 's great . iocan just get my key to 1408 , il stay out of you hair . beat . olin 's eye narrow . olin you would not prefer a upgrade ? a executive suite with complimentary breakfast ? mike ( hostile ) 1408 , please . olin so insistent . ( nis voice lower ) Mr. enslin , could you humor I with a more ... private conversation ? int . olin' office - night a impeccable edwardian study . oak panele . Fine book . a antigue desk with a lozenge - shape green lamp . olin open a humidor . olin cigar ? mike no , thank you . I do not smoke . olin 's eye shift to the cigarette behind Mike 's ear . Mike see this . mike I quit year ago . ( he start to explain ) the cigarette behind the ear be ... 1 dumne . habit . part affectation , part superstition . a writer thing . . olin well , then , do you drink ? mike of course ! I just say I be a writer . olin smile thinly . he open a liquor cabinet and remove a fine bottle of cognac . olin remy 1939 . exquisite . run about oo bottle , when you can find it -- mike ( he raise he hand ) I appreciate the bribe , but it intend to stay in that room . olin ( put off ) how long ? mike . how leng ? er , my usual be overnight . olin oh . I see . ( he purse he lips} nobody have ever last more than a hour . Mike take this in , then crack up , parodying olin with a silly transylvania accent . mike oooo ! bleh ! '' nobody have ever iasted more than a hour . when the cloud d> pass over the moon , the spirit rise from the family graveyard to haunt the ballroom . " olin stare , unamuse . olin it do not know why you be mock I . I be genuinely , to the best of my ability , try to help you . mike no , you be just play a little game , which frankly I find tiresome . you be '' sell the mystique . '' but eventually , we both know you will give I the key , I will write my story , and you booking will go up 50 % . olin be repell . Mike smirk and pull out he mini-recorder . mike bo you mind if I record we conversation ? the wait ; beat} good . fI 'li take that as a yes . a of Mike 's '' record . '' the LED glow red , like a eye , and the little wheel start spin ... olin glare , he politeness fade . olin Sir , you completely misunderstand the situation . the dolphin may not have the cachet cf the plaga or the carlyle ... but we run 90 % occupancy . ( emphatic ) this be not about my concern for the hotel , or about my concern for you . frankly -- selfishly -- I do not want yon to enter 1408 , because I do not want to have to clean up the mess . olin let this chill think hang . Mike 's eye widen . olin hotel be all about presentation and creature comfort ... though behind the scene , we witness quite the bit of nastiness . ( heavy ) but my training be as a manager , not & a coroner ! under my watch there have be four death . four ! after the last one , I say snough . I forbade any guest from ever enter again . mike and that last suicide be ... randolph hyde ? 1996 ? a orthodontist who slit he wrist and cut off he genitals ? olin yes . you have do you homework . grievously , since the hotel open 95 year ago , there have be seven jumper , four overdose , five hanging , three m -- mike Three mutilation . two strangling : ( inte the mintrecorder ) " manager Gerald olin be well - verse in the hotel 's tragic history , dryly recite the docket of carnage like a bookkeeper discuss he ledger . '' olin ( he frown ) you think you be clever ?! ( more } olin ( cont 'd ) well in you investigation , do you discover the twenty - two natural death ? Mike lean forward , interest mike '' Natural 's ? uh , no . what ~~ olin you do not find they , because they be not report in newspaper . but all tell , 58 people have die up there . Mike be momentarily speechless . olin pull out a small key and open he desk bottom drawer . he remove a bulging file and bring it around to Mike . olin stare a moment -- then sit next to he . olin you know nothing . 1408 's quest have die of heart attack , stroke , drowning +- mike " drowning " ? olin yes . Mr. grady Miller die drown in @ bowl of chicken soup . mike ( take aback ) h-how ? olin how indeed ? be not that interesting ? well , it 's all in the file : ( he pat the folder ) and you be welcome to read all of it . every word ! I will even give you my office ! you can peruse the material to you heart 's content . you can take note . put it all in you book ! ( pause ; he turn somber ) in return , my only condition ... be that you do not stay in the room . Mike eyeball the file . consider . then -~ mire to never get that drink . 22. olin amile a flicker , then get up fer the cognac . he take out a crystal snifter , wipe it clean , carefully pour ... Mike notice a silver desk frame . he furtively crane around ... to check out who 's in it . and -~ *s a calendar . @ the drink . Mike gratefully snort it , olin hand muu ; laver , the spread warmth . then , he look up . enjoy the mike no . olin dammit to hell ! olin blows up and angrily throws the file at Mike . olin Fine ! read the blast file ! read it anyway ! ( livid ) once you see it , you will not want to go in the room ! Mike be stunne et this outburst . hesitant , he open the top folder . Inside be a pile of wrinkle yellow newsprint . olin testily narrate from memory . olin the first victim ! Kevin o' malley . a sewing machine salesman who check into the hotel open week , October 1812 : mike ( he wince at the photo ) he ... cut he own throat ? olin yes . but that 's not the horrific part . afterward , in a fit of insanity , he try to stitch himself back up with a sewing needle before he ble to death . Mike make a face . mike Jesus ... olin Mr. enslini no one need to know you do not go in . I will give you a fake ceceipt ! you can take photo graph in 1404 : the layout be identical , nobody will know the difference ~- mike hey , my reader expect the truth -~ olin no , you reader do not expect much of anything -- except grotesquerie and cheap thrill : ( snide , from memory ) " the headless ghost of Eugene rilsby , forever walk he desert farmhouse . the barking phantom of mount hope Cemetery ~ ~ " mike nsurprise ) how do you know that ?! olin I have do my own research ! you book be easy to find -- in the cheap paperback section . ( beat ) and they be completely cynical . the work of a talented , intelligent man who do not believe in anything but himself . Mike react , piss . mike where the fuck do you get off --~-! ( hurt ) this meeting 's over ~- olin oh please . quit act like a sore schoolgirl . ( calming ) io say you be talented . there be that first book ... I -- I rather enjoy that . it be popular . hardback . er ... what be it call ? " the Road to nowhere '' --? mike ( uneasy ) " the Road back nowhere . '' olin that be sort of ... a gild memoir ? fravel of a young man -- mire ( defensive ) only part of it be true -- i olin oled B fhe father seem like a real s.o.b. -~ Mike seethes . he hit " stop " on the recorder . he jump up . mike give I my key . olin Mr. enslin -- mike give I my key ! do you know why I can walk inte any spooky old room ? because I know that ghouly and ghosty do not exist . ( dark ) and that 's good , because I also know there 's no God to protect we from they , if they do . int . dolphin lobby - night behind reception , a wall of old - fashioned mail slot . olin carry over a little stool . he step up to 1408 's mailbox , reach he hand far ... far back into the shadowy recess . '' he fiddle around , then pull out a tarnished key on a long brass paddle . emboss be the number 1408 . Mike react , surprised . mike you still use actual key ? that 's a nice touch . antiquey . ( beat ) most hotel use magnetic card . olin so do we. 1408 be the exception . {beat} Electronic device do not work properly in there . Computers ... celiphone ... wristwatch ... ( pause ) you do not happen to have a pacemaker , do you , Mr. enslin ? Mike shoota he a look . he speak into he mini-recorder . mike phantom in room # olin I do not say '' phantom . '' uh , '' spirit . '' olin you misunderstand . what 's in 1408 de not that kind of presence . mike then what be it ? wide olin pad away . he cross the recoco lobby , guide Mike to the elevator . he press " up , " then turne and whisper . olin it 's a evil fuck room . Mike 's eyebrow raise . ding ! the elevator arrive . the shimmery door open . olin gesture : after you . Mike enter . olin start to follow -- when a maitre 'd in a tux come run over . he interrupt olin and quickly mutter something in french . olin nod and mutter back . he scribbles he signature on a form . the maitre would bow and run off . int . elevator - same time iin enter . it 's a old - fashioned cage . olin hit " 14 , " and the door rattle close . they stand in silence . olin do you enjoy travel alone ? Mike ignore this . he stare at the panel : row of button , with the customary lie : 12345 6789 1011 12 ... 14 15 16 mike why do hotel think they can just make the number 13 disappear ? olin chuckle . they lurch upward , light tick : 5...6...7. mike how filthy 's the room ? the sheet have not be change in a decade . olin no , no , no . this be a professional establishment . we maid give 1408 a light turn once a month . {more } olin ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but I supervise , and they work in pair . we treat the room as a chamber fill with poison gas . we stay only ten minute , and I insist the door be keep open . olin 's face tighten , regretful . olin even then ... last year , a young may from El salvador find herself lock in the bathroom . dust for a moment . when we pull she out , she be -- mike Dead ? olin stare . olin no. blind . she have take a pair of scissors and carve out she eye . ding ! the elevator hit 14 . the door open . int . 14 th floor - same time Mike peer out it 's a perfectly uneventful corridor -~ red ~ and - gold carpet , drab end table , old - tyme light fixture . olin you floor . Mike wait for olin to take a step -- but the man be immobile . olin i'm afraid this be as far as I ge . the room be at the end of the hall to the right . Mike nod , a tad apprehensive . he exit ~- on leg that seem heavier . Mike take a few step , then turn . at the end clin stand frame in the elevator , a ordinary man in a plain suit . hand clasped , face withdraw , he sigh . good luck . startle , olin pull out the bottle of door shut . Mike catch it . he start olin be go ad my mike be now alone . he hoist he duffel , then walk slowly down the hushed hallway . past 1401 ... 1402 ... Mike examine olin 's file . insert ~ file a grisly photograph mark " kevin o'’malley .* he lie dead in sly the bathtub . hie eye be wide , he throat gash open , a sewing needle protrude from raw flesh . mike grimace . he walk past 1404 ... past a mol tray . on the plate be remain of a beef b ketchup . a fly buzze ... older room service urger soak in red insert - file back to the photo . Mike flip to a nasty half - cover body in bed . the sheet be soak . in the hall Mike be get rattle . he make a turn . 1406 go by ... 1407 ... wood - panele door and elegant wallpaper ... Mike find a scratch note on hotel stationery . inser ? p - file frantic write : '' my brother be eat by wolf on the Connecticut Turnpike '' in the hall Mike stop , consider this oddity . he look up -- and realize he 's in front of 1401 . buh ? Mike look around , confuse . somehow , he 's back at the elevator . mike what the fuck ? Mike slowly shake he head . then , he pack up the file and Marches away . pay attention ! 28. wide Mike watch the number go by . get to that room ! 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 . he swing around a corner . and there , unassume and anonymous , be 1408 . finally . Mike pull out he brass key . he start to insert it -- when , he 's startle by whimpering . at the next room be a young mother turn away from we . she hoid a sobbing baby . she fumble with she mag card , then disappear inside . back on mike at the door okay . he take a breath , then insert the key in the lock . micro -closeup - inside the lock the vintage mechanism look like a gigantic dark chamber , fill with crazy angle of cold steel . the key enter like a medieval batter ram . it slowly turn . the tumbler rumble with echoing clink and crick . the sound rise ominously loud ... back to mike ~ normal perspective and , the sound become a teeny click , the door unlock . Inside the next room , the Young mother 's voice leak out : . young mother ( C.S. ) ( sing softly } " mama love she baby , baby , baby ... '' the knot in Mike 's stomach grow . he grip the doorknob . he lift up he recorder . '' it 's 7:52 p.m. , and I be about to enter room 1408 of the dolphin Hotel . if something happen to I , I , Michael enslin , be of sound mind , do hereby leave all my earthly belonging and what not to my ex- wife lily . " he hit stop . 29 . then , he slowly turn the knob -- a the tension build ~- fe the wooden door open ~~ and ... int . 1408 - same time it 's -- just a hotel room . a two -room er : pleasant and banal . pastel sit area , beige carpet , forgettable furniture . Mike see this -~ and gasp , relieved . he start laughing . mike that 's it ? ( he laugh harder ) that 's friggin 's it ?! astonish , he enter and throw he stuff down . he defiantly slam the door shut and shout . mike all right , olin !! you win round one ! nannoy with himself ) you have I goin ' ! where 's the spiderweb , the lightning , the river of blood ?! this be just ... a Zoom ! Mike give himself a tour . there 's a couch . a coffee table . a desk with various item : a fax machine . a glass ashtray . a old - fashioned rotary telephone . a book '' of match , with a norman rockwellish sketch of a smile doorman at the hotel on the wall be three frame painting . in the carpet below be a water stain . the wall thermostat say 80 . mika click the '' down '' arrow . int . bedroom there 's a queen-size bed with fluffy piliow . atv . a nightstand Bible . Mike pick it up . -. then toss it aside int . bathroom Mike flick on the bathroom light . it 's bright and sparkling -- a pleasing glow of luxury . there 's a tub . a bidet . basket of soap . the toilet paper roll be fold in a fancy little triangle . Mike tear off a sheet and wipe he nose . int . live room Mike open a armoi and find the mini - bar . he peruse the soda , booze and chip . he glance at the price sheet . mike ; eight dollar for corn-nut ? this be a evil fuck room . cur to : int . bedroom - later Mike lie on the make bed , eat corn -nut and swigging olin 's cognac . he narrate into he recorder , from memory : mike " the live room have two chair , a sofa , a write desk , and a faux - antique armoire . the carpet be beige and unremarkable , except for a stain beneath a thrift - store painting of a sailing ship . '' tight - the painting we focus on the painting , as Mike describe it from memory . mike ( 9.s . ) '' the work be execute in the always dull currier & ive fashion -- sailor on a white schooner . " we move to the second painting -- a old lady in a rock chair . mike ( 0.8 . ) " the second painting be a old woman , @ la whistler 's mother , smile down as small child play at she foot . " we move to the third painting -- a british hunt scene . mike ( 0.8 . ) '' the third and final , painfully - dull painting be the ever popular " the hunt " ~~ horse , hound , and constipate british lord . ( beat ) '' this painting have be here leng time . lift they , it sure I would see light patch . ( more ) a m mike ( .5 . ) ( cont 'd ) no bug , like when you turn back on mike mike '' the bedroom have a queen-size bed , two nightstand , and butterfly wallpaper . ( beat ) '' some smartass speak cf the banality of evil . if that 's so , then we have enter the seventh ring of Hell . " Mike get up and walk to the window . he open the drape . outside , another building completely fill the view . below be car and a huge light -up bank clock . Mike open the pane windew . traffic noise rise in . mike '' the panorama be a typical cramped New York view of nothing : a gray building , and honk traffic below . " the clock outside click from 7:59 to 8:00 pm . suddenly , loud music . Mike jump , startle . behind he the clock radio have go off . the carpenter sing : _ the carpenter ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) '' we have only just begin ... " Mike laugh . he turn it off , flick the alarm switch . mike silly ... Mike turn -- then suddenly freeze . the bed be turn down . the mint chocolate on +. 's t be fold , and there be little he pillow . '' d ww kr Mike blink , 4s if this will make the mint disappear . but they do not . he stroll over and pick up a mint . he peer ... mire bravo , olin . that be very unsettle . Mike open the candy , then eat it . he think , £ spin . until -- he suddenly stop , mid-chew . mike that mean someone 's in the room ..: Mike whirl . wide emboldene , Mike run the the closet . he slam open the door ~~ and ~- it 's empty . hm . Mike look around . ah! suddenly he drop to he knee and peer under the bed . but ... there 's nothing . hm ! Mike think . he bolt into the bathroom . he grab the shower curtain , take a breath , then yank it aside . and -- nobody . huh ? i Mike wrack he mind . tantalize . mike come out , come out ... detective - like , he start rapping on the drywall . rap ! rap rap ! he rap he way toward the door ... when ... something catch he eye . tight ~ toilet paper the toilet paper roll have return to its original state . once again , it have a fold triangle . angle ~ mire his eye bulge . mike whoa. bizarre . ( peat ) a ghost that offer turndown service . '' he gawke at it . then , he pull out he recorder . click ! mike " okay , let 's encyclopedia Brown this fucker . I be face the window . then I see the mint , run the the closet , which would leave time for houdini to get in the bathroom , do the paper trick ~~ ( he stop ) " no , I would have see he -- ( beat ) " no . unless he start in the bathroom , so when I turn my back , he do the mint and escape into ... the live room ! " Mike barrel into the int . live room he lope around -- search ... search . until , he spot -- the AIR vent up in the ceiling . ahi Mike run up -- and think he see movement inside . or , do he ? '' he stand on he tiptoe and shout up into it . mike helloce ! hello , asshole ! you be gonna have to try harder ! ( he smirk ) Nice and hot up there ?? Mike wipe he brow . he realize he 's sweat . Mike run to the thermostat and check it . it 's now 84 . mike oh , for God 's sake . Mike push the '' down '' arrow again . nothing . he bang it . inked , he grab the clunky telephone , peer at the archaic dial , then stick he finger in the hole and dial " 0 . " tt spin . click-click - —c k-click -click . then -- mike hello ! this be Mr. enslin in room 1408 . operator ( V. good evening . be you be out ? '' tete ws a mike " check out " ? ( he chuckle mordantly ) why would I do that , when there 's such wonderful may service ? ( beat ) and so discreet ! {beat} no , I just need someone to fix my thermostat . this room 's on fire . operator ( v.0 . } of course , sir . we will send a engineer right up . mike thanks . Mike hang up . beat . through the wall , the baby cry . waaah ! waaah ...! Mike consider it all . he sit on the sofa , then start he recorder . mike '' Hotel room be naturally creepy . I mean , how many people have sleep in that bed before you ? how many be sick ? how many lose they mind ? {beat} " how many die ? '' Mike think . he unzip he duffel , slide over he laptop , and carefully remove a small equipment case . Inside be assort gear : a emf meter , microphone , a UV black light . across the room Mike dim the room . then , he turn on the UV light . it hum , emit a weird blue glow . he hold the tube over the carpet stain , and it glow , vivid and brackish . hm . Mike wave the UV light around the room . thing be reveal , the past become ctherworldly and phosphorescent : spatter on the drape . multicoler blotches on the couch . drip across the wall . soil puddle in the bed . 35 . mike be repell . ugh . he feel sick . unable to bear any more , he flick on the light . normalcy be restore , Mike rub he eye , then return to the live reom . he glance at the three painting which be ... askew . just slightly ... tilt . the ship 's crooked horizon be unpleasantly vivid ... cu - mike a strange , sealike sensation . he stagger , a bit nauseous . a SOUND of pound wave . the paint water seem real ... Mike be lose he equilibrium . mike God , I feel like I smoke some cheap dope . he straighten the three painting , then turn away . Mike take a step ~~ then -- suddenly get a look . he spin ! the painting be still straight . hm . Mike queasily sit , put he head between he leg . overheate , he fumble for he recorder . / mike what do olin say ? ( dizzy ) something about poison gas ...? a woozy , unclear contemplation .... when -- bzzzz ! wide Mike jerk . bz2z22z ! it 's the door . he pop from he trance . mike wewho be itp ? . . grufp voice Engineering . you get a problem with you heat ? 36 . Mike scurries to the door . he peer through the eyehole . distorted Pov through the glass , a hairy New York engineer in overall . back on mike good snough . he go to open the decor . he pull -~ and it 's stick . it will not budge . Mike struggle with the handle . mike the door 's stick ! can you give it a shove ? gruff voice ( beat ) I be not touch it . Mike react , irritate . he tug harder , wrenching with all he might -- when , it suddenly release and slam open . bam ! Mike tumble , off -balance . the door open wide . revealed be the engineer , a huge , heavyset man . he carry a steel toolbox . engineer ts it tee hot or too cold ? mike oh , it 's definitely too hot . c'mon in . he box be right here -- Mike stride over to the thermostat , he start to gesture to the panel -- when he realize -- he 's ... alone , confused , Mike turn . the guy be still stand in the doorway . Mike gesture again , for emphasis . ; mike iosaid ... the box be here . engineer i know where the fuck it be . but I be not go in that room . what ! Mike glower , put-out . mike you just have to walk seven or eight foot ~~ engineer I say I be not goin ' ini you know what happen in there ? mike yes , I be quite aware -- engineer look , I will talk you through it . any jackass can fix that thing . ( beat ) just remove the panel . the engineer wait , foot plant . Mike stare in disbelief . then , beat , he pull off the thermostat panel . Inside be spring and lever . engineer okay . now -~ inside , you see a coil ? mike yes . engineer good , now above that coil be a little tube fill with mercury . that 's suppose to activate the contact switch , but this hotel 's so old , half the shit do not work . ( beat ) just give the tube a little tap . Mike glare , unsure . engineer dust tap the thing ! Mike relent . he flick the tube . the mercury suddenly emit a blue spark , then roll downward . the system churn , then the air-condition blows on . Mike smile , relieved . mike you be a genius . let I get you a tip -- Mike turn to thank the man -~ and he 's gone . huh ? bewildere , Mike run the the door . he peer out . he poy ~ down the corridor the hall be empty . the elevater door glide close . mike frown . odd ... a discombobulate beat , then he pull he head back in , haltingly , he shut the door . int . room Mike 's alone . he pace about , convincing himself he 's okay ... when ~~ sudden jarring music . the carpenter ( 0.8 . ) " we have only just begin ... " Mike whirl ! the clock radio have turn back on . the carpenter ( 0.8 . ) '' po live ... '' mike Christ , you again !? at the radio Mike march over . he once again click off the radio . the digital clock flicker , then switch to " 60:00 . " suddenly , it start count backward : " 59:59 ... 59:58 ... " Mike lean closer , mesmerize . " 59:55 ... 59:54 ... " closeup ~ mike a dawn awareness . slowly , he guip . no , he remember clin 's warning from before ... olin' voice " nobody have ever last longer than a hour ... '' em . Mike glance worriedly at the clock tick down . silence . he realize something odd . the silence be absolute . the traffic molse be go . perplex , Mike walk to the window . he stick hie head out . 39 . outside it look exactly as before . the New York street be fill with a crush of traffic , bus , pecple . except , disconcertingly , there be literally no sound . Mike can not hear anything . it 's as if we be watch a tv show with the volume turn off . fire engine race by , light flash . Dead silent . mike be confound . the lack of noise be highly disturbing . he stare , then pull he head in ... when crash ! the window violently slam down on mike 's hand ! mike aaragghhreh ! Mike scream , agonize . a animal catch in a trap . mike goddamn !! fucki !! Mike struggle , fight to use he good hand to crack the window open . finally he tear he break hand out . tight - hand it 's a mess . the skin be rip , bleed . panicked , Mike run into int . bathroom he turn on the sink . Water stream out , as he put he wounded hand under the flow . but then -- the faucet sputter and die . Mike angrily turn the handle . nothing . livid , he punch the sink . mike you son-of - a ... fwooocoosh ! suddenly scald hot water spew out ! yeowlill it burn Mike 's hand . Mike cry out . he yank away he hand , now bloody and burnt . the radio go off . 40 . the carpenter '' we have only just begin ...* Mike shrier . mire puck you , radioll int . bedroom incense , Mike lunge in , grab the electrical cord , and pull it from the walii and -- nothing change . the song keep play . the timer keep click down : " 56:24 ... 56:23 ... " Mike gasp in disbelief . flummox , he stagger back to int . bathroom he grab a towel and wrap it around he bleed hand . int . bedroom a gust of wind blow in , ruffling the curtain . we follow the breeze across the room ... to the bible on the nightstand . the wind flutter the page . they flip by ... then stop . closeup - bible the page be cover with scrawled , manic word : '' don't let I die here '' wide suddenly , ringggggii ! Mike jump . surprise , he run to the phone . he grab it . mike yes ? ? if HOTEL voice Sir , I be sorry , but there be a miscommunication in the kitchen . there 's go the be a ten-minute delay on you sandwich . 's bug out . Mike 's ii '' mike pi X do not order a ( more } be . mike ( cont 'd ) feraze ) but as long as we be on the phone , let 's talk about the window that just break my hand , and the water that burn I alivell a leng pause . then -- HOTEL voice I be sorry . you be welcome to substitute a side dish for you french fries . we have cottage cheese , macaroni salad -- mike be you goddam listening to I ? i my hand need stitch — ~- HOTEL voice iunderstand . if you leave you dry clean out by 10 a.m. , we will have x press and return by 5 the same ay . Mike gape . mike fuck ! fuck you ! I want you to call I a cab to the nearest hospital ! the Hotel Voice turn sour , ruffle . ; ; HOTEL voice Sir , I will not tolerate you speak to I in that tone of voice -~ mike you be a fuckin ' idiot ! HOTEL voice if you wish , connect you to we manager , Mr. goop ! olin it be ! put he onl ! pause -- then the line go on hold . sprightly music kick in . the recorded announcement we hear before repeat : smooth recording '' when stay at the dolphin , be certain to enjoy New York 's finest dining , at the fable Blue marlin Restaurant on we mezzanine level . '' Mike wait , stewing . 42 . he watch he blood drip cut of he hand . the red droplet hit the carpet ... smooth recording '' muscle tense ? then make a appointment to visit we deluxe spa , on the coral level . with full massage , facial , and aromatherapy facility , it all leave vou feel relaxed and revitalize . " Mike 's hand keep bleed . his temper be grow . smooth recording '' you call be important to we . please stay on the line - - " click -- beeeeeeerp ! it 's a dialtone . Mike have be disconnect . he stare in amazement . mike you be kid . furious , Mike throw the phone . he grip he wounded hand and stomp into the int . live room Mike 's feed up . he rush to the door , go to open it -- and ... the deadbolt 's lock . huh ? uncertain , Mike fumble in he pocket for the big room key . he angrily gem it inte the lock , thrust it through the oversize hole . and -- plip ! ths key slip from Mike 's finger -- plunging into the door ! [ it disappear , go , mike wha --?i Mike fiddle with the keyhole , try to find the key . frustrate , he slam he eye up against the hole . ris pov blackness . hollow . a gentle whisper inside ... mike '’s eyeball bulge , peer up ... down ... wide ~ mike he scowl . he spin and look around ... think . Mike run to he bag , unzip a pocket , and pull out he letter opener . Mike jam the metal blade into the keyhole . he wiggle it ... try ... desperately ... to engage the mechanic ... mike c'mon ... he struggle to pick the lock . force it around ... when ~- lunk ! the deadbolt unlocks !: mike yeah ! Mike smile victoriously . he triumphantly turn the handle -- and -~ crack ! the door handle break off in he hand . closeup - mike his face go ashen . this be unconceivable . the door be now unopenable from the inside . wide Mike go rabid , furiously kicking the door ! he punch it with he bruise hand . he claw crazily at the handle stump . he 's trapped . lose it , Mike whirl and careen across the room . pass the thermostat which now read 75 degree . 74 ... at the window Mike run to the pane and throw it open . he scream . mike hello ?! 44 . outside it 's utterly silent , like before . not a sound from the busy traffic . louder . Mike scream up Mike 's voice echoes , the only noise in the world . echo help ... help ... help ...t this be very disturbing . Mike peer around ~- then spot a light window across the street . there be a silhouetted man . Mike gasp , a ray of hope . mike hey ! sirti no reaction . he scream louder . mike can you see I ?! over here , in the dolphin ? ? Mike wave he right arm . across the STREET the man wave he right arm . mike mike yes , here ! I need you to call the police ) ! Mike jump , excited . across the STREET the man jump , toc . a exact rhyme movement . the man freeze . mike slowly ... worriedly ... shifte from side to side . the man mirror-like , shift from side to side . meke tremble . fearful , shaking , he lean toward the lamp . the man lean toward a lamp . revealing ... he ... be ... Mike . mike freeze , stunne . he ig watch himself . closer view - the man be Mike , stand in a parallel version of the hotel room . stare blank - eye at we . a chill beat ~- and then a insane maniac with a clawhammer come rush into view . he swing the hammer straight at the doppelganger 's head , angle ~- mike he scream and spin in fear . wide and -- the maniac be not there . Mike be alone . Mike 's chest heave , overcome . panicked , whirling about . off - balance , ha spin back to the view outside . across the way the man be go . the light window be go , it 's just darkness . Mike be befuddle . mike he stare , shaking and impotent . then , he notice the people below on the street . Silent , but -- real . 46 . desperate , Mike suddenly go derange . he pick up a lamp ~- mik bs help mel : wide — the window Mike unplug the lamp and throws it ! tt fly out the window and soar outward ! Mike lurch out , to watch what happen -- the lamp drop . down ... down ... mike wait eagerly , wild - eye . the lamp drop closer to the street ... then ... like mist , it just ... disappear . the lamp be go . mike' eye bug out . mike Jesus , I be lose my mind . I be hallucinate . int . live room unsteady , Mike collapse . he feel helpless , like the wall be close in ... then -- a ethereal little girl ‘s voice . wispy , faint ... girl voice daddy ... daddy .....-. we suddenly push in to mike . clutch for breath . all color bleed from he face . he hold he head , gasp . mike stop it . get ahold of yourself you be let you mind run to place that be not real . ( he work to calm himself ) it 's just a classic haunte power of suggestion : gaslit fixture . ( more ) se a7 , mire ( cont 'd ) fade rug . like that motel in be 's a yeason for the radio continue its ominous countdown : 46:25 ... 46:24 . Mike peer around , scoping -- then see something . maddened , he hopble up to the airvent . angle - vent there be ... something inside the vent . a tiny black tube ? mike be that a camera ? a spycam ? ( accusatory ) hello ?! who be you , the pervert owner of the hotel ? some rich sadist , enjoy my terror ? ( beat ) or perhaps it 's just punctilious Mr. olin , whack - off in he leather chair . angle - mike he be crack . paranoid . mike wait a second ..! he give I booze . ntry to focus ) be it lace ? do olin take a sip ...? can not remember ... Mike eye be glaze . he spot the cognac bottle . he run over and uncork it , take a sniff ... hm . something else catch he eye . on the nightstand be the mint wrapper . Mike gasp , remorseful . mike aghi the mystery chocolate . shit ! never take candy from a stranger . Mike 's mind ratchet into overdrive , freaking . until ~- girl '’s voice daddy , pay attention ! Mike whirl . angle - tv the ty be on . onscreen be a flicker old home video : Mike 's daughter gracie , 5 , sit on the carpet play doll . she laugh and motion urgently . gracie ( on videc ) daddy , sit down ! back to ~ mike he gape in disbelief . mike Gracie ...? in the home video ab younger mike enter frame . cheerful and buoyant . he sit on the floor with Gracie . she hand he a rotund little doll . gracie ( on video ) okay , you be the daddy , and I be go to be the mommy . young mike ( on video ) but I do not want to be the daddy . I want to be -- the dog . gracie ( on video} ( outrage ) that 's silly ! you can not be the dog ! you have to be a person ! back to - mike he shudder , disturb . ' mike w-where would this come from ...? in the home video Mike 's former wife lily , 30 , enter . she 's pretty , aloof . lily ( on video } hey , what be you scoundrel up to ? gracie ( on video ) we be busy . daddy and I get marry . lily ( on video ) ( feign shock ) young mike ( on video } I be very popular around here ! angle - mike his face fall . sad and traumatize . wanting to hang onto this memory , he slowly reach out the the sereen ... wishing ... in some way ... he could touch it -- zappp !! it violently shock he . ow ! Mike tumble back . the screen blaze , then go the static . Gracie be go . wide - the room Mike be alone , hurt . not understanding . he sense something , then turn ... angle - nightstand sitting there be the two little doll from the video . mike be eye widen with fear . the figure be a tiny man and woman . here in the room . Mike gulp , then pick they up . yes , they be real . Mike be overcome with feeling . he tenderly cradle the doll . stare into they paint face ... until -- he glimpsis movement in the room . he turn . at the window a quick flash of the rich factory owner who kill himself : he step to the ledge and jump . mike be stunne . at the window another apparition . a portly lady in a 1950 's flower dress . she sob , then pull a chair to the window . she lash out at the air , then leap . mike cry out , shocked . Mike cradle the dolle closer . wanting to cling to something good ... when -- a faint SOUND . Soft and muffle . Mike freeze . from the next reom over be the SOUND again . a baby crying . then , the gentle murmur of the mother . what ? i wide Mike jump to attention . he drop the doll and frantically run to the wall . he knock on it . mire ma'am ? ma‘am ! can you hear I ?? the baby cry louder . drown he out . mike quiet , kid . {he bang harder ) ma'am ?! please ! I need you help !i! the baby cry harder . Mike realize she can not possibly hear he . frenzied , he grab a nearby chair . Mike swing the chair , then smashes it into the wall ! bam ! bami ! the baby scream louder . Mike swing harder , brutally . crash ! the chair split apart . mike hello ?! suddeniy -- shrrrrritiieeeeerk ! the baby scream like it 's be burned alive . agh ! Mike pull back , hold he ear . ts magnified , louder , like the volume on 2 stereo Mike wince , shutting he eye , try toe block it out -- b when , it suddenly spop . open he he sit mike »+- be not there anyone ? slowly , a shadow cross he face . above a quick flash : a natty man in Jazz Age suspender hang himself from a noose on the chandelier . mike grimace . he yelp and back away . frightened , he make he way to the bathroom . int . bathroom Mike enter -- then shudder . & the bathroom be transformed . it 's no longer the lush , comforting boudoir of duxury -- but a sterile , fluorescent -lit nursing home bathroom . sitting in a wheelchair be a decrepit old man . he peer up , eye rheumy and lose , then shout : old man I wish I be dead ! Mike freeze . a endless pause . then , he whisper . mike dad ? pather where 's my garden ? ( foggy ) I can not smell anything ! Mike be shaking . mike S I -~ Michael , dad , it 's father mire g ) {trenb you ... son . father ( suddenly loud ) I hate this place ! ( enraged , confuse } how would I get here ? Mike start cry . mike I be sorry ...! Mike drop to he knee and hug he . holding the old man tight , he face against he Father 's scratchy , unshaven cheek . wide overhead we look down on weep Mike . mike Z be so sorry ... we slowly pull out ... revealing that Mike be back in the hotel bathroom . he 's on he knee , hugging the toilet . there 's no Father . Mike moan , shake . he look around in bewilderment . mike he be so real . ( upset ) as real as I . wobbly , Mike stand . he look in the mirror , examine he haggard face . then -~- he peek back at the imagine camera in the vent . hm . oe mike this be more than special effect . Mike take out he mini -recorder . he speak into it : mike '' maybe I be not real . maybe I be ... just have a dream . a incredibly vivid , lucid dream . '' he pace around , think . mike '' when 's the last time I remember go to bed ? '' mike '' today I fly in . or ... be that yesterday ? ( onsure ) " God , what happen yesterday ? can not vemember anything . be I on a train ? ( wrack he brain ) '' ez must have wake up and have breakfast . somewhere . but ... where be I ? where do I eat ...? " Mike be get nervous . he glance at the wall he bashed , then do a take . the wall crack have grow . the crack have spiderwebbed larger . clear , fluid seep out ... Mike grimace , afraid . he shiver and back away . mike '' people say you can not die in you sleep . be that true ? ? " the thermostat now read 60 degree . 58 . 58 . mike cub himself . panic grow across he face . mike '' they say the shock wake you up . if you mind think you be about to die ~ ~ " viscous freaking , Mike make he way to the window . he click off the recorder , then start to climb ont -- outside the wind blows . Mike shudder and prepare to jump . down -- mike' pov a dizzying , spin view of the STREET . he look 54 . mike suddenly , 4 slap of reality . re gasp and tumble inside . mike what the fuck be I do ? ( dawn ) this be what the room want ! Mike 's eye shift about , wary . a shadow . he spin . behind a chair , a man peek over the pillow . Mike gasp and crawl away . mike there 's gotta be a way outiil wide Mike look for option -- then notice the floor map on the inside of the door . ah ! he dart over and scrutinize it . tight — map it indicate the building layout . room , hall , exit ... mike okay , okay ! look at we option ..! Guest room on both side ... emergency exit ... stairwell ... Mike 's eye gleam manically . suddenly ~- mike the next window ! he look back fearfully , then heedlessly calculate . mike this room 's fifteen foot across , so the next window ... be just ... five foot past that wall ! Mike dash across the room . he pace toe~ - to-heel , measure . yes ! hope return to he face . he run back to he window , then climb back up . invigorate , he click on the recorder . mike '' if I slip and fall , and this tape get find among my splatter remain on 6lst Street , let it he know that it be a accident . {beat } '' the room gid not win . it do not possess I to lea iwas just a arrogant self - hat bastard who -~ suddenly , he stop . puzzle by this word . mike why do I just say that ? a strange dislocation . then , he pocket the recorder . mike this fuckin ' room . it 's poliute my mind ! defiant , he step out . mike but I can do this ! ext , build ledge ~ same time Mike gingerly climb cutside , the wind blow he clothes . he peek downward , then -- stifling he fear , tentatively lower one foot onto the ledge . his finger claw the brick , then find a decorative cornice to grab onto . he take a breath ... then gingerly swing out he other leg . both foot be out . he guip , then glance down . he Pov busy traffic , thirteen storey down . mike try to stay calm . mike just ignore it . do not worry ... he press he face to the wall , then ... carefully , start to inch along the ledge , he slide he leave foot . beat . he slide he right ... he doss not dare lean back . he blindly reach out , grip the next section of cornice . okay . he slide he leave foot . then he right . his face be sweat . he reach ... finger slip ... then , he hand find the next cornice . good . he slide again . he reach -- and still no window . cU - mike cheek press to the dusty brick , he be confuse . mike where the hell be it ? Mike slide he leave leg over . his right leg over . start to jitter , he reach again . and ~~ no window . mike ( get worried ) where be it ?! he reach further ... strain ... then slide again . nothing . mike where be it ??! daring gravity , he lean back , to get a look -- superwide - the build and , there be no other window . the entire build ts one continuous surface of brick , except for mike and 1408 . Mike scream , horrify . mike nooooolli he flounder , stunne . Mike slip . mike agghhi Mike fall , banging he face on the wall . he drop , about to plummet , desperately clamber , scratch he finger into the old brick , when -~ bam ! one hand snag the ledge as it pass by . chest heaving , hysterical , Mike catch he breath - the wind pelt he . Mike whimper . then , he resignedly start shimmy back to 1408 . slowly , then , faster ... he expression despondent ... tight - mike' hand pull he along . struggle to return to the hell he be escape . at the window Mike finally reach he room . quivering , suck in all he strength , he lift himself up onto the ledge . a shaky beat ~- then , he look back inside . fast zoom across the room , right up to the map on the door . zooming tighter , until the map fill the frame . and -- it 's alive , the black line slithering around like worm . the map rearrange itself , deor and wall move about . mike go pale . suddenly -- the portiy Lady step out into the window . she be sobbing . portly lady May Jesus forgive I ... ( beat ; she scowl hatefully and fuck you , henry smith ! - a bizarre hing at he she start to jump ~- when she suddenly see M. discombobulation , then she lash out at he , p like the movement we see earlier . freak out , she leap . portly lady abhhbhh ! she hurtle past . Mike gasp and jerk away . scare , ha tumble back inside . 58. int. 1408 - same time Mike land on the room floor , cover in sweat , terrify . shake , huddle in a fetal position . he rock back and forth ... then hear a 's e clinking sound , click -clack click ~ clack click - cla 3 a the room darken ... wearied , he look up ~~ and freeze . the window have be bricked - up . completely solid . mike moan , unnerve . he peer in disbelief , then run and pound on the brick . it 's old . like it 's be there forever . despair , Mike tear into the int . bedroom and -- the bedroom window be gone . the wall be solid drywall . no trace there ever be a window . Mike start hyperventilate . mike no -- that 's impossible -- he start feel the wall . search for anything ... mike tt can not ... I know ... Mike be lose it . on the edge of sanity . he grapples for he minirecorder and hit rewind . we hear Mike 's voice spse by , chipmunk - like . he hit play : . mike' recorded voice '' what do clin say , something about boison gas ~ ~ " Mike speed further . play . miken recorded voice '' Hotel room be naturally creepy -- " no . he speed further . then : 53. mike' recorded voice " the bedroom have a queen -size bed , two nightstand , and butterfly wallpaper . ( beat ) " the room have no window . " hua ? a chill beat . nowss shake , he hit rewind . play . mike' recorded voice " the room have no window . " Mike cry out , scared . he hit rewind . play . woman' recorded voice ( whisper ) " you daughter be eat by wolf on the Connecticut turnpike . '' mike ahh ! Mike drop the recorder , like he 's be electrocute . he tremble , pain . closeup - clock be he unplugge clock continue tick down : 32:14 ... 32:1 mike shut he eye . until -- a tormented sobbing . what now ? he open he eye . the sobbing be in the next room . it sound like two people ... afraid of what he will find -- he peek into the next room . int . live room there be a vision . a flashback from the past : a man and woman be lock in a tight embrace , in a doctor 's office . we can not see they face . they both cry , the man hugging and comforting the woman . gin 60 . 5 mike i £ stare , anguish . all color drain flashback vision : the couple look up -~ - and they be Young Mike and lily . both have tear~streaked face . lily ioca not accept it ... young mike ( bereaved ) but he say -- lily maybe he 's wrong ! doctor do not know everything ! ( beat ) there be experimental treatment ... Young Mike shake he head . young mike she 's doom . lily do not say thati we reveal Gracie in a hospital bed , listen behind a curtain . she 's nine , pallid and thin . lily ( 0.8 . ) she will only get through this if she believe . we need to give she hope ! young mike ( 0.8 . ) why ? so she can spend the and of she life be lied to ?! Gracie 's eye widen . angle ~ mike he recoil , shocked she hear this . he 's crush . mike Gracie ... Mike feebly extend he arm -~ when -- with e 61 . blackness | the room go completely dark . Mike gasp , confuse . h-hey -- he stumble . crash ! a lamp fall and break . mike ( v.0 . } owl we hear Mike 's breathe accelerate , get heavy . suddeniy , a terrifying voice . the voice of the room , rasp , non-human , come from everywhere : voice of the room be you a meat eater , mr. enslin ??1 ! mike ( ¥.0 . ) ( furious ) wewhat ? who be you ? i! how the fuck do you know about my daughter ?? we hear Mike trip around . he reach for the light switch . he frantically flick it -- up down , up down ~- int . live room - normal blink ! the light go on . the room be back to normal . Mike be gasp , heaving . look about . okay . okay . everything seem alright ... he turn -- and , aghh ! he pov a terrifying skinny lady lunge at he ! grabbing he throat ! mike scream , startle . Fighting she off . the skinny lady grip harder , snarling . mike stagger back , try the push she bony hand away --~ when he glance sideways inte a mirror . in the reflection , he be alone . stagger back , choke himself . bray oo what ?! pe and release he own grip . he cough , struggle Mike yelpe 1 . for breath . he peer around . he be alone . mike Jesus ... he shiver , stupefy . suddenly ~- voice of the room ready to leave ? 111 mike ( he jump , startle ) not you wayl ! daze , Mike rub himself for warmth . the thermostat click to 56 . mike run to he duffel . he rummages for a coat and quickly put itoon . underneath be he cellphone . desperate , he flip it open -- but it flash : " battery low " what ?! Mike growl , livid . suddenly he glimpsis something else -- he laptop . hmm ..! his eye light up . he nervously glance back , then quickly cover the computer . Mike grab a shirt . a ? the vent Mike run to the vent , cool air blow down . suddenly , he push the desk over . whump ! everything on it crash down . Mike drag the desk to the wall , then climb up . he glance suspiciously at the little black tube inside the have +. then hook the shirt over the grate , block it . Mike jump down . he run to he computer Mike grab it and snap it open . the screen light up . 63 . mike >» good , good ... ke spin the mouse , click '' Internet . * mike c'mon , this crappy old hotel must have pop for wireless ~- he wait patiently . the wi - FI icon scroll . search ... search ... then -- '' no signal available '' Mike groan . wide irked , he grab the laptop and start stalking around the room . holding it over he head . hunting for a sweet spot . the icon flash red ... green ... red . Mike glance at the brick - over window , mike maybe there 's a signal outside ... Mike stand on a chair , hold the laptop up against the '' brick . amd ... with a little jiggling -- the icon turn GREEN . mike 2 tibd the screen flash . a internet window open . internet lady voice good evening , Mike . mike good evening , Fake Voice Mike gleefully dance about . he flip the Bird . mike and fuck you , Mr. scary room Voice guy ! I be connect !! insert - computer Mike go to he contact . he quickly click on '' buddy list . " and -~ one name be there : " lily _enslin 's mire ah , shit . on ae Mike wince ~~ he have no choice . he steel himself , then type into the instant message box : " lily , I need help '' no response . Mike type again : '' emergency ! '' Long baat . then , a window open up as a real - time webcam link . a woman 's face stare back at we : Mike 's ex . webcam cu - lily she 's more weary than pretty this day . just hang on . she look dryly at Mike . lily ( over videclink ) lock what the internet drag in . ; mike lily ! thank God -- lily ( over videolink } how about '' hello . '' mike I do not have time -- lily ( over videolink } yeah , well neither de I . she go to sign off . mike wait ! wait ! please --) she stop . mike i need you call the cop , send ‘em to West 61st and -~ over videclink ) ( have {over videolink ) you be in the City , and you do not tell I ?! mike i... uh , I be only suppose to be here a few hour ~~ a or lily ( over videolink ) jesusi since the divorce , you have be like a phantom ! now suddenly you show up , you need @ favor -- {ike lily , shut up ! i! Zim in danger . lily freeze , shocked . lily ( over videoline } what ? mike I be lock in a hotel room ! there 's someone ... something ... try to kill I . lily ( over videolink ) Mike , back up ! who ?! mike I can not explain . just call the cop ! teli ‘em dolphin Hotel ... suddenly , a unexpected hissing . Mike look up . above the emergency sprinklers go off ! Water rain down upon Mike and the computer ! mike no -- no ! Mike try to cover the laptop , but it 's too late . Water fall through the key and into the electronics . lily 's image over the screen begin the break up . ; lily ( over videolink ) Mike ... I ... can not hear ... nike ; oh Christ ! lily , dolphin Hotel ! 1408 ! bust down the door ! pssstttt ! the computer screen go black , mike fuck ! fuck fuck fucki Li raining droplet be everywhere , fall into the electric lamp . the light begin to flicker , create a slow strobe effect . 8 of 66 . flash of light illuminate the painting of grandma in the rock chair . darkness . then flash ! the painting change : grandma be now stand , stare out . flash ! the old lady turn into the beautiful woman from the lobby . her breast be bare . blood drip from she nipple , down inte she baby 's open mouth . the baby 's face be blue , dead , flash ! the painting of the satlor turn into a rotting ghost ship . they sail into a roiling sea , cover in black cloud . the seamen 's face be pale , starve , stare hopelessly . Mike turn , shaky . flash ! the painting of the hunt the british man in red coat and hat get pull off they xse by the dog . the dog rip the man apart , tear they whimper . around he , rain pour harder . whooosh ! a tornado - like SOUND roar . a liguid churn , grow louder ... Mike cover he ear and careen through the sopping mess , shiver , look for a way out . his foot smoosh in the soaking carpet . Mike pass the thermostat . it 's drop to 48 degree . he pound on the close - up window . he tug on the door . find blows fiercer . a blast of cold gush from the AIR vent , blow the shirt down . . Mike 's eye narrow , think . intrigue , he take a step closer to the vent ... mike Ho ho . that go some ean just pull a Bruce Mike clamber up onto the desk . he 's right beneath the grate . he take out he penlight and shine it up through the open . inside the vent it 's dark , forebode . in the shadow ie the black tube . Mike put he face up the it . angle - mike mike hello , perv . I be come to get you . he tug the grate ~- it 's fastened with four bolt . Fine . he hurriedly pulis out he trusty letter opener and start to use it as a screwdriver ... mike okay . here go nothin’ . Mike unscrew the first bolt . it fall to the ground . a anxious pause ~~ then he quickly unscrew the second bolt . the third . the fourth . wary , Mike reach and slowly pulis the grate off the ceiling . he drop it , watch it hit the floor with a clang . beat -~ then he slowly turn back to the now-open vent . suddenly , he lunge at the tiny black tube and grab it . mike haiil Mike squeeze it im he fist -- then react , surprised . closeup - mike' hand he 's hold a roll of duct tape . that 's all , angle ~ mike a bewilder silence . mike there 's ... nobody watch I ??! {long pause ; confuse ) why be I disappointed ? a halting moment . he gather he wit , then stare inte the open vent . 68 , inside the vent it 's metal darkness . Air whooshes sinisterly . Mike gulp , then wave he pathetic letter opener . he shout . I have get a kni no response . Mike steeis himself , then painfully lift he body up inte ... int . AIR - conditioning vent - same time Mike clang onto the hard cold surface . he pull he leg up . Inside , it 's black . we can not see a foot ahead . Mike aim he penlight , but it 's just 4 dull glow . shadows and rat dropping . Mike take a breath , then squirm forward . it 's murky and unsettle . the air blast . Mike slither along ... unsure , creepe -out . until , he penlight reveal a junction ahead a " T " split . shaft go leave and right . Mike stop -- not sure where to go . he shine the tiny light both way ... but the beam disappear into dimness . then -~ faint voice . Mike 's eye bulge . he voice be from the right . Mike get excited . other people ! he scramble down the vent . mire hey ! heyil wot far , he see light . it 's come from a grate in the floor of the shaft ! Mike hustle faster . he reach the grate ~~ than look down . below ~ HOTEL room it 's the next Hotel room . from above , we see the Young mother hold she crying baby . young mother shh , shh . mama love she baby ... the baby watl harder . the mother turn -- revealing she' lily . Young lily , from the past . dilly c'mon , Gracie . stop ary . ( frazzle ) no , I do not know where vour daddy be . probably boog it up ... mike go ashen . mike nen-no.. , ! honey , I be here ... young lily can not hear he . she carry baby Gracie into the next room . mike be torment . he scurries to follow she . he rush along the vent . bang himself on the sharp metal -~ mike ow ! wait -- he spot the next grate . brace , he rush over to it -- then gasp . below be a park . tree , a path . then two man walk by . Young Mike from the past , argue with he Father . Father be young , healthy . father Mike , doe not do this ! she need you . ( reticent ) she lose a child , toc . young mike fenrage ) why do you a 's lecture I ? I father I be not -~ 70.6 young mike I be a adult ! for F can make my own decision ! Mike storm away . mike in the vent his face collapse . pain by the memory . he stare mutely , then feel something strange . icky . he turn the penlight on he hand ... and crawl across he finger be a cockroach . mike ugh ... Mike brushes away the bug . the penlight ' 's beam swing ~- revealing hundred of roaches . the vent be festering . mike yeogghi gross -out , Mike hurriedly back up , rushing backwards through the vent . hurry ! the beam roll , graze across skitter bug . Mike rush faster . his breathe echoe through the claustrophic metal . suddenly , he reach a junction -- and drop . agghi ! he 's plunge down a vertical shaft Mike plummet intc blackness , fall backwards ! he flail , then slam he hand , just catch the edge . hanging on for dear life . Mike glance down . [ it 's absolutely black below . with a of adrenaline , Mike struggle to pull himself out . strain muscle clenching ... he lift himself up . okay . Mike suck in air . resclved , he whirl about to race forward -- closeup pasty kevin o'malley be face - to- face with he ! Kevin 's eye ave Wild , he skin bloat and blue . Mike scream , startle . Kevin gaze crazily , he mouth a pinch grimace . mike Kevin ...? ( tremble ) Kevin o'malley ?? Kevin stare , unspeak . his breathe 4 horrible wheeze . then ... he slowly lift he head . revealing he . throat be slice OPEN , ear to ear . his bloody windpipe be visible , raspy . Kevin 's mouth open and shut , puppetiike , but only a moist gurgle come out . Mike recoil , terrify . on the men Kevin o'malley raise a 6- inch needle and thread . he point and gurgle a barely intelligible phrase . then , again : '' fix it .° yikes ! Mike pull back in disgust and fear . Kevin o' malley suddenly lunge forward . help ! Mike spin away . Kevin chase . freakily gurgle , '' pix iti fix it i '' mike barrel through the tiny space . rushing for he life . Kevin o' malley skitter after he . Mike race , reach the t-junction he squirm down the right vent . he make it a few foot , when -- crunch ! the giant hand = vent collapse right in front of he !! as if a S squeeze 1t like @ Coke can . Mike yelp and jolt back . the vent continue crushing in , move closer ! he turn -- down the left vent come Kevin , he face a horrible rictus , wave the needle . mire crawl like hell ! faster , towards the MAIN vent where in the distance he can see the open to 1408 ! a slim square of light -- the other vent keep crushing ! Metal smashing closer -- mike' feet scurry as fast as they can . slam ! Kevin o' malley stab he needle into Mike 's leg . Mike scream , pain . he kick backward . his foot smushes through Kevin 's head , like a sponge . Kevin o' malley collapse , the crushing vent squeezing he out of view . Mike speed faster . room 1408 visible -- the crushing , twisting metal be now inch away ~- as Mike hurl himself forward ... int . 1408 ~ same time ».. and fall through the vent into the room . lami ! he bounce off the desk , hit the ground -- '' a as the sheet metal vent buckle close . bam ]! tight - mike he lie there , overwhelm . breathe in fit , face drench in sweat , absolutely dumbsetruck . he look up at the ceiling ... then around the room . beat . mike I need a drink . inside the mini - E S wing Mike grimace , what be you ( vex ) where 's my booze ?! olin smile , unruftled . olin T be just check , sir . be you accommodation exceed you expectation ? mike you know goddamn well they be : what do you want from I ? olin no no no . what de you want ? what do want , Mr. ensiin ? you seek this room . mike twas do my job ! : olin ( like he misheard } 7a. ar collage of tearful voice ... sorrowful voice # 1 she 's in a better place , Mike ... sorrowful voice # 2 she be in so mich pain ... sorrowful voice # 3 I be sure she 's smile down at we eight now ... Mike wince , agonize . olin how many spixit have you break ? mike araabah ! enrage , Mike slam shut the mini-bar . mike I want my drink !! wide Mike spin . he look around , then spot the cognac in the bedroom . ahi he beeline for the bottle , then snatch it up . he uncork it and thirstily chug the drink . pause -~ then he calm . he glance down at the hotel Bible . curious , Mike pick it up , then flip through . insert - bible the page be all now blank . weird . mike frown . then , a faraway voice ... gracie ( v.0 . ) why be we bible purple ? Mike look up . there be a spectral flashback vision : the enslin family 's old apartment , set - up as a grim hospice . Gracie lie in bed , in a pink butterfly nightgown , in the final , terrible stage of cancer , she 's skeletal . waxen . lily site by she , grip a purple bible . she laugh awkwardly . lily I - ~- XI dunno . it be a wedding present . { she caress it ) but it 's nice . the cover be real leather ... gractie be there people where I be go ? lily you be not go anywhere . gracte that be not what daddy say . we reveal Young Mike sit in the window , smoking a cigarette . he stub out the smoke . young mike daddy say a lot of stupid thing . {he come over to the bed ) you be too young to understand , but when you grow up and become a adult ... ( he force a smile ) you will realize I be crazy . Gracie giggle . Mike gently brushes she cheek . gracie daddy , everyone die . a tense pause . lily glance at Mike . he struggle to be consol . syoung mike '' y - you be right . everyone die ... lily ( she jump in ) and then you will go to a better place . and lot of psople will be there ... the voice crack ) all you fxriend .... and you will be able to run around again ... play ... Gracie look up at Mike . gracie bo you believe that , daddy ...? a profound silence . he stammer , stick . young mike dt ... tees Gracie etare pleadingly . wait . then ~~ young mike yes . I do . gractie ( she break into a smile ) good , then I do too . we hold.on she hsartfeit face . cur tos another vision flame rage . it 's a cremation . a tiny coffin enter the burn fire . present - mike he sob , pain . wincing at this memory . flashback vision the crematorium glow white , then blaze pliercingly hot . the casket disappear into the heat . cur to : another flashback young Mike sit on Gracie 's bed , wee g . he 's unshaven , distraught , cling to she old pink nightgown . Gracie be go . lily can not even look at he . young mike she could have hang on . but we have to fill she head ! with all that fuck storey about the glorious afterlife ... . lily . _ nery ) . why do you have to blame anyone ?! '' ad ~ Mike throw down the nightie . young mike zi gotta get out . he jump up and charge out of the apartment . slam ! CUT tos int . 1408 — present Mike break down , devastate . he slump back against the wall , whisper to himself . mike Gracie ... Gracie ... he hold he gut , a terrible ache that will never leave . a sorrowful silence ... a emptiness ... until -- click . Mike turn , startle . his mini~recorder have click into play . its wheel spin ... mike' recorded voice '' hey , there 's nothing to feel guilty about . when a couple lose a child , 80 % of the time , they end up divorced ~~ " mike no ... I should have stay -— - mike' recorded votce " and that bad doctor be not you fault . you work freelance . you could not help if you be stick with @ crappy hmo ... mike stop -- mike' recorded voice '' and that b.s. about second - hand smoke ? c'mon ! it 's not like puffing a couple cigarettes give you daughter cancer ... " mike Jesus ! shut up ! e grab the recorder and hit stop . insert — recorder 72 . a pause ~- then the wheel suddenly lurch into motion , by themselves . the grate , scary Voice cf the room screech out . voice of the room ( over tape recorder ) shut up yourself , asshole ! you walked out , like a sniveling little pussy ! walked out on you wife , you father , you friend ... mike ( bitter ) iowas spare they -~ voice of the room you 're a miserable liar ! Mike stare desolately . mike i -- I be search ... voice of the room searching for what ? for something that could prove you wrong ? mike Mike sigh . beaten , mike yes . suddenly -~ ritiiiinngg ! he spin . the fax machine start whirring . it 's lcd screen say , " receiving " paper begin feed . Mike peer , confuse . tight - fax machine something begin come into the output tray . not 4 plece of paper . os oo but he daughter 's pink butterfly nightgown . stain with mucus , blood , all the liquid of she die . shoom ! it 's eject from the machine , into Mike 's hand . mike ahhbehi !! Mike try to push it off , freak , but the mucus on the nightgown cling to he hand . Mike shake it , revulse . he desperately race away ~- int . bathroom into the bathroom . Mike throw the nightie in the sink , violently turn on the water . fwocsh ! Water pour out , everywhere . Mike shudder to tear the nightgown away . it come loose , discolor fluid float in the sink ... frightened , Mike back out , slamming the door . int . live room Mike bolt back in , shiver . he can see he breath . the thermostat have drop to 32 degree . Water droplet ere frozen around the room . a weird , almost Christmas - like atmosphere . Mike blink . he stare up . the wall crack have grow . the fissure cover the wall , ceiling and floor . like a spiderweb . the clock keep tick down . 16:41 ... 16:40 ... 16:39 ... mike seem lose . eye blank . surrender , he lie on the floor , spread he arm in the frost like a child make a ice angel ... then , a distant veice , like a dream .. sily ( 0.8 . } can you hear I ...? be. Mike bolt up , daze . he wheel around . angle - he compin be work again ! lily 's glitchy image be on the screen ! mike Mike rush over , astonished . she smile to see he . lily ( over videolink ) Mike ! Jesus ! I have be try you to get through ... mike do you call the police ? lily ( over videolink ) they be at the hotel . mike they're ... w- why be not they here ? ' y y lily ( over videolink ) do not you say the dolphin -- mike right ! yes -- lily ( over videolink } you be sure ? mike of course I be sure ! please ! send they to 1408 ! lily bite she lip , scared . lily ( over videoline ) Mike , they be in 1408 . the room 's empty . we push in to mike . his blood freeze , terrify . mike th -- that 's impossible . lily ( over videolink ) Mike , where the hell be you ?! Mike look all around . suddenly everything in the room look more menace . jag . Mike 's face collapse to a whisper . bl . mike t... do not know . lily ( over videolink } do not panic ! we can figure this out . Mike blanch . hand shaking , he pick up the room file . vintage photo of grisly 1408 death scene : a military man . young executive in a derby . a cute woman . all bleody and go . mike no , we can not . ( morose ) I be go to die . on the computer uily go frantic . lily ( over videolink ) you be freaking ! look , do not move ! I can get there in fifteen minute -- Mike glance at the clock . 14:51 ... 14:50 ... he shudder . mike that will be too late . lily ( over videolink ) no it won 't ! I will check evary room ! m-maybe you get the number mix - up . you be in 1480 , or 1804 ... mike . ( emphatic ) lily , please stay away ! I do not want anything the happen to you ~~ this admission catch they both by surprise . beat -- then she flash a tender smile . lily ( over videolink ) well ... I feel the same way . see you goon . he shake the computer ... a when suddenly -- whump ! i the entire room shake , as if by a huge EARTHQUAKE . wide plaster fall from the ceiling . Furniture and lamp crash . the entire floor begin to buckle and crack . Mike lose he foot and stumble to the ground . his head strike the floor with a sicken crack ! closeup - mike thud . his eyea shut -- then reopen , daze . he look up , discrient and childlike . above a light frost be fall . ice crystal form on he hair . then , the armcire swivel into view ... and come down . yikes ! i Mike lurch out of the way , as -- smash ! -- the massive cabinet crash to the floor , splintering . mik groggily leap to he foot . he gaze around . the suite be a complete wreck . Broken furniture , collapse ceiling and wall . the floor have bowed around the bed , which lie at a slant . Mike 's foot be in liquid . a sludgy half - freeze muck . his eye follow the source of the water . puddle in the corner ... then up ... trickle down the wall ... lead to the painting of the ghost ship which be now photo-realistic and alive . toss in the wave ! the jaundice , starve face of the sailor be moving . they scream , frenzied . they be all now the victims from 1408 : the natty man in suspender . the Factory owner . and most prominently , Kevin o'malley , hand on the tiller , he eye boring straight at we . . chill , Mike turn ~~ , 9 al the painting of the hunt the dog be ravenous , barking ! tearing they master to piece . the man moan . the horse run off . the painting of mother and child the blue baby 's mouth be twisted , tooth file to razor sharp point . the mother weep with despair , as the baby hiss and attack she . Mike cover he eye , unable to take it . on the painting the cry grow louder , more insistent . the ship rock harder . the ocean pound . the shrieking grow . mike stop ! stop ! unhinge , Mike slam he fist at the painting , try to stop it . his knuckle break the glass , rip the canvas . suddenly -- flocoocoosh ! sea water blast from the painting : like the force of a hundre FIRE hose . mike get slammed against the wall . the room fill with water , at a incredible speed . Higher , higher ~- wide Mike struggle to float above . Furniture bang around -- Mike fight the current . debris swallow he up . fatigue , delirious , he start mutter the Act of contrition : mike " o my God , I be heartily sorry for have offended thee , and I datest all my sin ... " Mike 's will give out . he get pull under . int . 1408 ~ underwater all be grim , like slow-motion . murky and green . underwater , Mike turn , and see the back wall have vanish . b4 . in its place be the ghost ship . sinking downward toward a black abyss . Mike gape , he eye bulg from lack of air . everything swirl . he spin , get suck deeper ... his arm tire . bubbles pop from he mouth , as he begin to breathe in water . Mike 's body go limp . he 's pull into the ocean 's darkness ... all seem lose ... the end imminent , when ~- a strange object unexpectedly appear . foggy , Mike look up . then -- he gasp . it's mike' surfboard hover above he , like a godsend . Mike be startle , confuse -~ but grateful . he lurch and grab it -- hang on —- he last chance for life . when , it unexpectedly pitch and hammer he in the head . cur to : ext . beach ~ day ecu - mike' face Mike lie mutely on he back , on the sand . hyperv wind . eye glassy . but , alive . he 's back in the beach scene from the beginning . then ... a faint buz . Mike look up . in the sky the small airplane fly overhead , towing the banner , it pass through the brightness , in sharp silhouette , Mike squint , try to read it . the plane cross a cloud , and the banner become readable : " cheap auto tnsurance call 1-800-222-1408 " m you '' mike be eye widen . tight - the banner the four number : " 1408 ° mike tremble , everything spin , he memory collapse . nothing make any sense ... his chest tighten . his brain fesis like it 's go to explode . then -- a wet lifeguard thrust he head into view . lifeguard Sir ! can you breathe ? be there any water in you lung ? {beat} can you focus ?? Mike 's jaw quiver , but form no word . utterly drain , he pass out . S dissolve to : ecu ~ mike his head be bandage and he face draw , but he breathe be even . slowly , he open he eye . int . hospital room ~ day Mike be lie in a hospital bed , hook up to a iv . a tree be outside the window . lily ( 0.8 . ) he 's alive ...! Mike turn . sitting in a chair , watch he , be lily . she stand , relieved . smiling anxiously . mire w-w-where be I ? lily you be in a hospital . Mike wipe he eye , confuse . 86 . mike in New York ? lily New York ?? ( puzzle ) Ho -- Miami . you get hit in the head with you board , you have be out for a day . Mike try to take this in , uncomprehend . she come over . lily they call I , so I fly down . ( awkward shrug} guess I be still list as you next of kin ... mike so I be not in New York ? lily no ! why do you keep say that ?! mike because I think ... God , it be so vivid . I must have get bang in the brain so hard , all my circuit bd fry . ntry to focus ) I be trap ... I be die ... in this weird hotel . the dolphin -- the what ? mike the dolphin . the one on the southeast corner of 61st and 8th . lily . ( beat ) Mike , that 's @ banana Republic . his expression falis . she tremble , then start weep . mike you cry ? lily because -~- T have not see you for so long . and then -- we be here , like this : ( cont 'd ) ( soft ) in another hospital . his eye get watery . she get emotional , then suddenly hurry into the bathroom . in the bathroom lily grab @ tissue and wipe she face . she stare in the mirror . a final sniffle , then she tentatively return . back at the bed lily do you know it 's be three year ? mike since -- lily since ... they both trail off . she peer at he , still terribly hurt . her voice drop to a hush . lily Mike , why would you leave ? mike ( somber , he whisper ) because ... every time I look at you , I see she face . lily shudder , silent . ike reach out ... strain ... and take she hand . mike i be sorry . sorry I blow it ... sorr '' '' for everything ... lily everything ? mike for -- Gracie ... lily you have nothing to do with Gracie . he look in she eye , see the truth of he life . mike then -~ I be sorry for run away . for make mistake . for sbandon everyone ... b8. closeue -— lily she nod , acceptingly - lily you should get some rest . CUT tos int . hospital corridor - later lily huddle by herself , talk on a cellphone . lily ( on cellphone } I think I be gonna stay a couple extra day . ( beat ; embarrassed ) no , nothing 's go on . but Mike have a concussion and he 's talk kind of strange . almost hallucinatory ... ( beat ) he might need a little help . cur to : int . rental car - drive - day lily drive a white rental car . Mike sit in the passenger seat stare , a large bandage across he temple . the boulevard be quite uninspire : overgrown palm tree , graffity Cuban market , fade pink motel . lily remind I again . why do you live here ? mike I can be anonymous . she laugh . ext . beach parking lot - day lily drop Mike off at he car . it have two parking ticket . he peer out at the turquoise water . in the distance , a dolphin jump in the wave . cur tgs J ext . matlboxze , etc . - day the same fluerescent craphole we see before . the scene play just like last time : Mike enter and go to he mailbox . he aniock it , remove a startling amount of matl . the mailbox guy nod . mailbox guy you have be go awhile . mike yeah . a disinterested beat -- then Mike react , offput . int . palm coffee shop ~ day Mike sit in he corner booth , alone . he 's go through month of opened mail . the table be spread with brochure from haunt hotel and inn ... a bill from Saint Joseph 's nursing Home ... the weekly World News ... Mike slashes a envelope with he letter opener , remove a childish greet card . it have a cartoon monkey say " no monkey around ! happy birthday ! " Mike react , strangely . the oddest sensation ... he frown -- then suddenly wade through all the hotel mail . franticaily digging through photo , flyer ... search ... search ... int . mailboxe , etc . - day the door slam open . Mike barge back in , a bit frenzied . mire do I drop a postcard ?? the mailbox guy stare . matlbox guy uh ... nope . perturb , Mike scan the floor . then he eye drift ... up , up ... the the ceiling . up there be a AIR vent . Mike be bother . ext . mailboxe , etc . - second later Mike run out , punch " 411 " into he cellphone . he pace the sidewalk , bristle with nervous energy . mike yes ! in New York city , can I have the number for the dolphin Hotel ?? leng beat . then : operator ( v.0 . } I have no such list . not accept this . mire be you sure ? operator ( v.0.3 Sir , ihave no such list . cur to : int . research library ~ day Mike run up to the research desk . he flag down a librarian . int . library microfiche room Mike frantically scroll through microfiche , page blur by . suddenly , he find the ancient New York Herald - tribune front page . he lean in -- but the headline have change . now it say " factory owner leap off bridge . '' underneath be a photo of some cop at a riverbank . Mike gasp , disturb . mike no way -- a moment of dislocation ... when he remember something . Mike whip out he legal pad , but -- now the page be all empty . a spooky pause ... when suddenly ~- ring !! it 's he cellphone . Mike jump , startle . quickly , he answer . the screen say " lily . " 7 mike h- hey . , lily ( v.6.3 i'm just check up . how be you ? mire uh ... tell you the truth , I be questionable ... curt to : int . beach restaurant - night Mike and ildly have dinner at a nice beachfront cafe . wave crash in the b.g. mike it 's fuckin ' weird . this hotel thing feel so real ... lily maybe I should drive you back to the hospital -- mike no , no -- I be not ill . it 's just ... this powerful sense of deja vu . the feel of something so immediate -- yet you know it do not happen . he stare , entrance . ; mike I can not believe I be sit here with you . she slowly smile . a woman in a flower dress pass by . Mike glance --~ and for a flash she 's the portly Lady from 1408 . huh ? Mike turn -- and now she 's 4 cuban lady . he wipe he eye , on edge . questioning himself . he lean i ) to lily , he voice tremulous . we move in on the couple . mike do I tell you that Gracie be there ? dilly ( off-guard ) noee mike can you imagine how strange «-» the sensation that I see she just a few hour ago ? lily blink back tear . she grab for she wine . 92 . lily s-sound like one of you book . mike io know . except usually , I have to pretend the haunt house be scary . ( beat ) this time , my trip be imaginary ... and it 's the most terrifying place i've ever be . at the next table Left on a plate be the remain of two guy get up and leave . a fly buzze ... a beef burger soak in red ketchup . Mike do not notice . lily '' you should write about it . mike what ? the dream ? lily ( she slowly nod ) if it mean something to you . maybe , you have be give a second chance . D Mike think . click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! int . mike' office - day tight on Mike , rapidly typing away at he computer . click ! click ! click : the computer screen fill with word . Mike be on fire , idea pour out . his face ablaze ... mike '’s voice '' T grab my overnight case . ' Mr. olin , I have never see a ghost , and ft do not believe I ever will . ' ( beat ) . " olin smirk . '' I be afraid you do not believe in anything . but in 1408 , you unbelief wiil only render you more vulnerable . '* dissolve to : 93. later it 's dark outside . the desk be litter with potato chip bag . miee 's voice " the man wear 4 1920 's brown wool suit . suspender . he pull the noose round hig neck ~- then jump ... " Mike type faster . miken voice " the window vanish . ll evidence of its existence erase ... " click ! click ! click ! mike' voice " Kevin o'malley 's throat gush a sickly rich red ... " Mike slurp a coffee . mike' voice " my narration on the tape recorder become fragmentary , a loop of unease . no longer the voice cf a man at work ... but of a perplex individual lose he hold on reality . '' int . sam' office - day Sam grin at he speakerphone . he shout . SAM mikey ! you sound happy . mire ( v.0.} ( giddy , on phone ) ioca not believe it ! the work 's just pour out of I ! I think I have invent some new literary form : the fiction memoir . Autobiography of a nightmare . it 's sort of like Capote meet whitley strieber . SAM ez love it ! " in cold blood '' with alien ! ( gleeful ) iowanna put it out to auction -- start a bid war ! when can I read in ? a mike af ? yo i it the you the a ba ext . miami airport - day Mike be drop off lily . she have she bag . a tender smile between they . mike ' ll see you soon . a awkward pause -- and then they kiss . int . mike' office - day the laser printer be whirring . page come speed out , crisp and clean . Mike read they proudly . later Mike neatly stack the sheet . he slide they into a fat manila envelope . int . crappy car - day Mike jeuntily climb in he car , gush the _ Package . he sweep a pile of junk eff the seat , onto the floor . a shred of paper catch he eye -- the nursing home biil hmm . he think ... int . saint joseph' nursing home ~ day a airless lobby . very cld people sit unmove , some in wheelchair . orderlies silently clean . a tv play unwatch . Mike burst through the door . he look around , lose . all the women look alike -- wrinkle emaciate figure with big glass and white hair . all the men be huddle in bathrobe , face unshaven , syss vacant . Mike study the man , try to decide if one be he father . but then ... he notice he dad in a wheelchair , roll over by a window . a shell of a man , gaze cut ... Mike 's face fall . then , he gird himself and hurry over . mike dad ? 95 . father do not react . Mike gently approach . mike / T have not ... see you in awhile ... no response . Mike pull up a chair . he take he father 's vein hand . mike be you do okay ? nothing . no reaction at all . Mike whisper . mike well ... I be actually pretty good . I be speak to lily again ... the old guy keep stare out the glass . mike and ... I have write a new book . ( a careful beat ) I think you would like it . a beat . then -- a brief flicker cross Father 's face . his eye widen . pather Michael ...?? cU - mike he tremble , touch . a pang of emotion , this briefest of connection meaning so much to he . CUT to : int . mailboxe , etc . ~ day Mike stride back into the mailbox store . the place be cluttere , workmen busy on ladder . the clock say 4:55 . Mike slam the big envelope down on the counter . hil overnight . the mailbox guy be turn away from we . he do not move . Mike glance nervously at the clock . mike um -- where be the form I have get to fill out ? I really need this in New York tomorrow . mailbox guy voice I be sorry , we be close . mike huh ? wol that 's wrong . {he point at the clock ) it 's only five of . I -- still have five more minute ! the mailbox guy turn ... revealing he be actually mr. olin . olin smirk , omniscient and all-powerful . he take the package . olin I be sorry , Mr. enslin . you time be up . Mike gasp , stupefy . mike wha ...? it a workman scrape away some drywall , revealing butterfly paper underneath . mike spin , bewilder . mike noooo ...! olin oh come , Mr. enslin . you do not really think it be just a dream ?! wide another workman turn , revealing he 's the engineer from the hotel . he slam the floor , unveil beige carpet underneath . on mike' face all color drain . his expression go from fear ... to realization ... to madness . the room start spinning . ST . bround he , the SOUND of construction build . louder , louder , a crush of ac ity . the room spin faster . every revolution transform we back the 1408 . the wall all become wallpaperad . a workman leer , in a blur become Kevin o'malley . Mike stagger , terrify . the room spin faster . the mailbox store be vanish . the ceiling tile crash down , revealing 1408 's vent . the furniture appear around we . the whir build to a high -pitch , painful shriek -- and then -- int . 1408 - same time the howl suddenly stop . and Mike be leave , collapse onto the carpet of 1498 . curle in a fetal position , whimper , confuse . he slowly lift he head ... and a horrible guttural moan pass from he lip . he 's back . the room be jus ? as he left it . ravaged . drenched . like a hurricane blew through . the unplugge clock keep tick down : 4:55 ... 4:54 ... Mike unsteadily rise . he shout plaintively . mire no , noi I be out -- voice of the room wrong ! you never left ! Mike jerk , startle . the voice be behing he . unnerve , Mike slowly turn . and back there ... be ... 38 . a door stand all by itself in the middie of the room . tentative , shaky , he cross closer ... the door wait . Mike force himself . sweating . heart pound crazy . valiantly , hand tremble ... he reach to the handle . grimace with dread , he start to turn it -- when ~- he courage let out . he let go . the voice snicker . voice of the room michael ..! you 've be looking for something to believe in . for a life after death : well , here I am . the door handle start turn by itself . Mike shudder . the door slowly open . through the crack , we see a deep , black space of a place that exist somewhere other than 1408 . mike seige up , aghast . a dark shadow falis over he ... we don't see what be reveal behind the door . but Mike do . his face behold a horror no sane person can endure . his eye widen , his mouth open in a silent scream . his leg buckle under he . mike goddddddddppddi ii beat. 99 . voice of the room you satd GOD doesn ’t exist ! Mike crumple in on himself , finish . he 's cower , beat . he cover he head , prepare for a fatal blow . we move closer ... closer ... until he face be in tight close -up . readying himself for a unimaginable fate . the tension of the moment build to a climax . the end imminent . and then -~ a melancholy music . ; _ karen carpenter' voice ( sing ) " we have only just begin ... '' huh ? Mike look up . in front of he the door have disappeared . in its place be gracie dress in she dirty pink nightgown . she 's pale , skeletally thin , she hair fall out . she lock at Mike and smile . a smile that make she face lock even more skuli-like . gracie daddy ...? mike ( anguish ) you be mot reall ! he back away . hurt , she weakly reach the touch he .. gracie I need help . mike you be not graciel ! gracie ( soft ) I wet myself . tear spring to Mike 's eye . Fighting this , he step back . Al e Mike can not stand this . she shiver , she little body wispy ... gracie seo cold ... Mike 's face cave . suddenly overpower by feeling , he rush forward and grab she tightly . mike ; oh Gracie , Gracie , Gracie ... tight - mike and gracie his eye be shut , cling to she tiny body . the most electric thing he 's ever feel . she speak , barely a whisper . gracie it will not let I stay . he look up , as she convulse violently . her face damp with sweat . he touch she forehead -- it 's burn up . mike nol honey , no one 's gonna take you . her eye brim with tear of pain . gracie do you love I , daddy ? mike you know I do ! gracte I wish we could stay together . you , I , mommy -- mike we can ! I promise we can ! happy , she brushes she hand to he cheek . close on - mike' cheek as she withdraw she hand , it leave a trail of ash . fet co os gracie unexpectedly collapse , like a balloon that 's lose all air . mike Gracie ? he falle back , eye freeze . she 's stop breathe . wa mike 4 gracie ?! Mike shake she , but she be still . mike noli : Mike immediately begin cpr . he put he mouth over hers , breathe air into she lose lung . mike not againi goddammit , not again : he furiously begin cpr . he beg , between breath . mike stay ... stay ... mire keep press on she chest . through he face , we see vain hope . despair . and finally ... loss . shaken , he pull he hand away . they be ccvere in ash . above Gracie 's body have turned to dust . she be go . Mike be immobile . hand gray with the remain of he child . his heart be empty . absolute sorrow . grieving , eye sink , he look up . just want it to end . tick down . oo :10 ... 00:09 ... 00:08 ... mire slowly react , sobbing . the clock 00:02 ... 06203 ... 00:00 . 3 ° o 0 we reach the finish : aad -- mike' eye start flickering . the LED number flash randomly ... mike wait despondently . around he , the ash disappear . the gray dust dissipate , like a dream , into nothingness . Mike stare , uncomprehend . until he peer up -- and gasp . wide view of the room 1408 have return to its open state . no water damage . window back . everything restore to when we first enter . the clock radio reset to 60:00 . it begin count down again : 59:59 ... 59:58 ... 59:57 ... mike go into shock . dumbstruck . his voice crack . mike why do not ... you just kill I ? voice of the room because all thing come down to choice . Mike tremble , utterly desolate . voice of the room you get to relive the same hour . again and again and again . the thermostat start rise : 85 ... 90 ... 95 ... Mike 's skin get clammy . he stagger , lighthead . voice of tee room unless , you choose to end it . something fall right behind he . Mike turn -- a rope noose hang , attach the the ceiling . below it be a chair . pet o uo mike nod , acquiescing . ey the temperature be get hellish : 118 ... 120 ... 12 Mike be weep . confused . unable to think clearly , he step onto the chair . hse slowly draw the rope around he neck . Mike stand there , eye glassy . ponder he fate . but -- not jump . emotion and regret pound through he body . he grip the rope tight ... then suddenly pulis it off , cry . mike I ... can not. ( distraught ) I be sorry ! I just ... can not do it . the voice boom , furious . voice of the room then you leave I no option ! the tv suddeniy turn on . on the tv screen we see lily , guilelessiy enter the dolphin lobby . mike' face face fall , horrify . mike lily ...? voice of the room ( mock ) yes , " lily " ! i'll take her in trade . mike n-no ! on the tv lily 's celiphone sharply ring . she answer . lily hello ? we hear mike' simulated voice . mike' voice ( over cellphone } lily , it 's I . lily Mike ? miken voice hurry ! come up to my room . the real mike gape in horror . mike leave she out of this !! on the tv lily enter the elevator . the door shutting ... mike start freaking out . he spin , then notice he cellphone on the floor . its screen flicker . ahi Mike look around , paranoid , then grab the phone . its power blink . frantic , he hurriedly dial lily . he bite he nail . ring ! ring ...! on lily she ride up the elevator , oblivious . on mike mike c'mon , c'mon ... more ringing . then ~~ a man answer , through garble static . man ( v.0. } hello ? a discombobuiate beat . it 's a wrong mumber , but ... strangely familiar . mike hello ?! who -- who be this ??? 108 . '' int . research library - the past tt 's Mike back in the microfiche room , in the past , the call . ail he hear be static . hello ! this i anybody there ? CUT back to : int . 1408 - present Mike blanch , realiging . he shout deliriously . mike my God ! do not come to the dolphin ! stay out of 140 - ~ his phone suddenly SPARKS , short . it flame , burn he . he cry out and drop it . Mike turn worriedly to the tv lily be still in the elevator , rise . floor go by : 8 ... 9 ... mike es get a galvanize look . mire iwo not let you have she . incense , he run toward the door . crazy angle suddenly -- the room pivot , slant to 45 degree ! Mike trip , fall . slam ! the floor be crazy . Mike try to get up , attempt to climb . his naked hand fall on hot carpet , singeing he . Mike scream in pain . but he keep go . voice of the room you can't save her . she' doomed : on the tv the elevator open on the 14th floor . lily step out ... wide -— the room Mike crawl upward , he squilibrium reeling . the slant be now insane . ' the floor be practically vertical . Mike hang onto the furniture , like a rock climber . use all he might , he hoist himself . the thermostat keep rise . 140 . 145 ... Mike struggle to move . he can barely breathe through the sweltering heat . he look up -- and the live room have lengthened . the door now seem a football field away . just a speck . mike moan . his foot stick to the hot melting carpet . he want to move , but collapse . the fabric burn into he hand . the door be hopelessly far away . in anguish , unable to crawl , he weakly glance at the tv . on the tv lily walk down the hall . approach ... closeup - mike in a final gasp at salvation , Mike whisper . ; mike lily . go ... on the tv lily take & step , then suddenly stop . like she hear he . she contemplate this sensation , she face a mix of strange emotion . then ~~ she suddenly turn and leave . mike sob , relieved . et ao = 's overwrought . volatile , rapturous . he slowly lock up ... and then he expression darken . mike ived the life of a I know I have selfish mar {pause} but I doe not have to die that way . Mike reach for the fall book of match . he stare -- then rip out_a match and strike it against the cover , with its funny little doorman . a instant , tiny flame . mike maybe this room be not real . maybe Tim not even real . ( wheeze , desperate ) but this fire ... be real . Mike crawl across the floor . holding the match out , strain to touch it to a curtain ... when -~ whoosh ! a hush of wind from the air conditioning vent blow it out . voice of the room you'd just be killing yourself . Mike consider this ... then nod . mike as long as I kill you too , it can rest in peace . suddenly , Mike grab olin 's cognac bottle Mike pop the cork , then light the entire book of match . the flame blaze bright , a crazy glow under he face , Mike shove it in the bottle , lighting the flammable liquid . Mike spin and hurl the molotov cocktail . blammmm !! the entire room explode in flame . wide the FIRE instantly spread , ignite the carpet and furniture . fssst ! the sprinklers come on -~ the room 's desperate attempt to save itself . Mike laugh manically . mike too late ! you will never hurt anyone again . the curtain flare up , blindingly orange . the blaze sear , the wall erupt . Mike stand inside the inferno , seethe . in a final act , he click on he recorder : mire " the decor be tatter and the staff surly ... but on a shiver scale , I award the dolphin Hotel ten skull . '' the flame congeal , then detonate , ext . HOTEL window ~ same time kaboom ! a thunder fireball blast out the window . int . 1408 ~ same time Mike be obliterate from view . the raging flame scorch the ceiling , then get suck into the AIR vent . int . vent pulse FIRE course through the vent . split in all direction . int . HOTEL corridor - same time Fire alarm go off . Hotel door start slamming open . frantic guest rush toward the exit , scream , push each other . i ext . dolphin HOTEL - upper stories - same td flame pour out of the top storey . smoke fill the sky . ext . dolphin HOTEL - at the STREET ~ same time siren wail . guest come fly sut the door , many in pajamas , furiously racing for the street . flame ripple . in the broiling heat , the room begin to melt . the wall sag , sink into strange , unpleasant curve . the painting begin the bend . moan cry out . the chandelier droops like a glob of spit . fhe clock radio meite into the floor . the yellow - orange light brighten almost painfully hot -~ and then , for a final setend -~ we glimpse Mike . gracie' voice daddy , everyone die . Mike 's eye glisten . a brief , satisfied smile ... and then he 's swallow by the fire . int . dolphin . lobby - same . time the ceiling collapse , burn . shout and scream , as the last guest shove they way out . we move through the blaze debris . past the ash , through the char furniture , toward the reception counter ... int . olin' office - same time the beautiful oak panele be ablaze . shelves fall , rare book crumble into dust . sitting amid the devastation , perfectly calm at he desk , be olin . like the captain of the Titanic , he be unruffled . he lean back in he chair , at peace , enjoy a cigar . a amber brandy in he hand . olin well do , Mr. enslin . well do ! he swirl the brandy in its snifter , then take a slow sip . ae until , oddiy ~- ring ! [ it 's a interrupt phonecall . olin stare quizzically , then begrudgingly put down he brandy . insert - the snifter it get place on the desk upon a pile of postcard . the same dolphin Hotel postcard that Mike receive . angle ~ olin he answer he phone , crisp and professional . _ olin good evening . dolphin Hotel . nm listen , then shrug . be for oo oltn no , I be so sorry . we be not : accept reservation at this time . olin gentiy hang up the phone . then he take a puff of he cigar . behind he , the wall cave in . cur to : ext . dolphin HOTEL ~ later the FIRE department be in front , spraying the building down . hook -and - ladder fill the street . policemen hold back the shiver guest . we track past they bewilder face ~- cold , frighten , tired ~- until we land on one woman , off to herself . lily . she gaze up at the Hotel . then , she sadly speak . lily Goodbye , Mike . dissolve to : ext , cemetery - day a smail funeral , under gray sky . a dozen people be huddle around a fresh grave , watch the coffin get lower into the ground . lily 's face be withdraw . not overwrought ... but utterly drain . she stare , then drop a flower on the casket . Sam give she a supportive hug . cur to : int . mike' office - day the grubby office be fill with box . Sam and lily be silently pack up Mike 's belonging . there be hundred of hook . cameras . a sound meter . a chip Edgar Allen poe award . lily sigh . lily you live a life , and ail that 's leave behind be box of junk . Sam clase a box . he ee a SAM at least he go out in a blaze . . lily hat 's not funny . et SAM no , I be sorry , I -- I be not try to be funny . ( genuine ) what I mean be -- he go out like one of he character . ( he sigh } it 's just a shame he will not be around on the desk be a cute frame photo of lily , Mike and Gracie in happier time . lily stare , then take it for herself . CUT to : ext . midtown manhattan -— day a bustling New York street . Sam shuffles up , look a bit weathered . he enter a gleam office building . int . literary agency - same time Sam enter he office , in a haze . his Secretary lock up . secretary how be the trip ? SAM ( he shoot she a lock ) tt be a funeral . Sam go to a overflow inbox on she desk , pile with mail . he grab the mail and drift aimlessly away . he flip through the papers . publisher weekly ... catalog ... New York Review of book . Sam goas into he office -- int . sam' office suddenly he reach a big and wade to the end of the mai manila envelope -- and freeze . insert - envelope the return address be '' enslin " angle ~ SAM a&a moment of dislocation ... struggle he gape in disbheli S means ... then he kick the door shut . to process what thi shake , Sam site at he desk . he stare at the package , then slowly , with utmost care , unseal the flap . he tremblingly reach inside ... and pull out Mike 's complete page . Sam gasp , overcome , and drop they . we slowly push in to the pile of laser - print page , crisp and elegant . the cover page be simple : " 1408 " by Mike enslin fade out . the end