1492 : conquest of paradise by roselyne bosch revised September 23 , 1991 fade in : credit and music over : int . audience room - granada - day we start on a man 's elegant slipper . he be seat in a splendid chair . move up the stock leg , we pass the garter of castile , come to rest on a pair of delicate hand . his fore finger impatiently play with a large topaz ring . over this , we hear distant footstep , echoing on marble floor . CUT to : a castilian face : aquilaine profile , olive complexion , dark eyebrow and meticulously sculpt beard . this be treasurer sanchez . a door slam somewhere , the footstep get closer . we can now here a subdued conversation . treasurer sanchez stand up as : the door open at the far end of the large gild room . a women , magnificent in somber taffeta , enter . queen isabel of spain move towards he . he bow slightly as she sit at the end of the large table . she be follow by a priest , brother buyl , and three dignitary of Church and State . all sit beside she . treasurer sanchez take a document and start to read aloud . on screen the word : granada - spain - 1500 sanchez you majesty would wish to know the true fact concern the island of hispanola , we first settlement in the New World , and the activity there of you servant , Christopher Columbus , Admiral of the Ocean Sea , Governor of that Island . you will remember with what hope and promise he beguile we -- the truth be that he now preside over a state of chaos , degradation and madness beyond imagine . sanchez punctuate each word carefully . sanchez from the beginning , Columbus prove himself incapable of manage the affair of the island . he appoint he brother to important position , at once injure the pride and dignity of the noble who have go with he . he promise to build a city , the City of isabel , name after you majesty . what he actually build be nothing but a collection of hut , and that in the wrong place , for all of it be easily sweep away by rain and mud . be that not so , brother buyl ? the priest nod . brother buyl yes , you honor . sanchez he promise gold . not find the easy quantity he promise , Columbus command each indian to pay a annual tribute . most be unable to , they be barbarously punish , against the express wish of you Christian majesty ... isabel lower she eye . sanchez since provocation and injustice never cease , many of the Indians have fle to the forest , or have begin to slay the Christians . isabel look over at brother buyl . isabel could it be so ? brother buyl yes , you majesty . sanchez but there be worse . from the beginning , he force the noble to undergo physical labor , treat they equally with the Indians , all of they reduce to slavery . when the nobleman adrian de moxica protest against such treatment ... ( he pause ) ... he be execute . ( pause ) be that not true also , brother buyl ? brother buyl yes , you honor . it be all true . all of it . I see it with my own eye . sanchez he have lose control . his great arrogance have lead he into depravity . he encourage we soldier to marry the native woman . he promise a paradise , but he have make a hell full of all its horror . silence . isabel be that the man I know , treasurer sanchez ? sanchez yes , you majesty . CUT to : int . hut - island - day close on the face : columbus be stretch on a bed , sweat heavily in fever , clearly delirious . insect crawl over he face , he make no effort to swat they away . there be a drip sound of water . fernando ( v.o . ) of all the word my Father write and there be many , I remember this the most . " nothing that result from human progress be achieve with unanimous consent ... " rain be fall into the room over document spread on a table . columbus stand up and move to the table . some of the wall have be blacken with smoke and flame . a lizard scuttle into the shadow . fernando ( v.o. ) " and that who be enlighten before the other be condemn to purse that light in spite of other ... " columbus stare down at the document , move they away from the rain drip . he stare out by the window , and we see : a devastate landscape . flooded road , half - destroy hut , break tree ... a dog pick its way through the mud . fernando ( v.o. ) there be a time when the New World do not exist ... dissolve to : ext . ocean - day a vast stretch of ocean . it fill the screen . unbroken , infinite , luminous , mysterious -- it stretch away , meeting and blend with the sky in pale ribbon of pearl and misty light . fernando ( v.o. ) ... the sun set in the west on a ocean where no man have dare to venture . and beyond that , infinity ... pull back , we discover : a ten -year-old boy and a strongly build man in he middle thirty , be riding a mule . the man' weather - beat face frame unusually bright eye . on the screen this word : andalusia , 1491 columbus and he son be follow a windthrash path at the top of the hill . columbus hum a song , and fernando look up at he in adoration . fernando ( v.o. ) once I ask my Father where he want to go . and he reply : " I want to travel all over the seas . I want to get behind the weather ... " fernando laugh . he then start to hum along with he father . CUT to : ext . hillside approach to LA rabida - day a rugge landscape , remote and steep , with line of stone wall and thousand of sheep . fernando , rush down a slope , bark like a dog , chase the sheep who fan out in drove in front of he . High - spirite and wild , fernando laugh and tumble over . columbus ride he mule along the narrow track , watch he son be antic with amusement . in the distance , the solitary figure of a monk shepherd . columbus call out to he son : columbus Fernando ! fernando run over . columbus lift he up onto the mule . as they move along the track we now see , perch on a distant hill , isolate and austere , the monastery of La rabida , they destination . ext . cloister - LA rabida - day as they dismount and walk into the quiet cloister , fernando suddenly spot a familiar figure , stand under the roman arch . fernando Diego ! he rush over , full of joy , to kiss he brother -- a adolescent dress in the novice - robe , with a solemn , delicate face . diego be response be constrain . columbus Diego ! be not you go to kiss you brother ? diego smile a little , and kiss fernando -- who be immediately distract by a procession of hood monk , hurry to the refectory , as a bell begin to chime . the monk all turn to greet ANTONIO do marchena , a white - haire , elderly man -- and a monk cosmographer . marchena be gesture be broad and elegant as he open he arm to greet columbus . he pat fernando be head and turn to diego . marchena Diego , take Fernando to the dining hall . he must be hungry . diego yes , Father . both child leave under the arched roof . columbus and marchena begin to walk across the cloister . marchena Diego be a bright boy -- a pleasure to teach -- but so serious ... Brothers should be raise together , colon . even brother from different mother ... columbus Father , I be do what I think be the best for he . and he have the teacher I would have choose for myself . marchena laugh at the compliment . marchena just be careful you do not lose he . they have cross the cloister . marchena push open a door . int . a huge library - LA rabida - day hundred of book line up on the shelf , display the miracle of printing , a recent german discovery . several monk , perch on high stool behind lectern , be busily " illuminating " some of this massive volume , delicately painting around the letter in bright color and gold leaf . Ray of light fall diagonally through high opening , project geometric pattern on the tile floor . as marchena and columbus move forward they conversation be punctuate by light and shadow . marchena ( fumble in a pocket under he robe ) I have something for you . almost casually , he hand columbus a letter . marchena you will be hear at the University of salamanca ... columbus stop dead in he track . almost frantically he tear open the letter , hardly able to believe he eye . columbus God ... that 's in a week ! marchena that 's what it say . columbus how do you manage it ? marchena ( smile ) with some difficulty . I have to promise they you be not a total fool . marchena push open a second door , hide behind a wooden panel . int . study - LA rabida - day marchena be not a tidy man . book be pile up on the floor , the desk , on every shelf , along with map , instrument of astronomy ... the visible evidence of a inquire mind . with practice familiarity , as if they have do this a hundred time -- which indeed they have -- marchena sit behind he desk , and columbus opposite he . marchena light a candle and consider the mess . then methodically , he slowly sweep it from in front of he with he sleeve , expose a large map underneath . when he look up again , there be a new severity in he expression . he turn over a hourglass . marchena why do you wish to sail west ? columbus to open a new route to Asia . at the moment there be only two way of reach it ... he lean forward , and point to the map spread out on the desk . columbus by sea , sailing around the African continent -- the journey take a year ... his finger trace the journey , from west to east . columbus or by land ... we be close now on the map , as we watch he finger trace a line between Europe and the Far East . columbus ( o.s. ) ... but the Turks have close this route to all Christians . Trading with the orient have become arduous , if not dangerous . ( he pause ) there be a third way ... we notice that the outline of the european continent be familiar . but we also notice that , in that great expanse of ocean , the whole american continent be miss . columbus by sailing West across the Ocean Sea . close on marchena's face , touch by the mystery . marchena how can you be so certain ? the Ocean be say to be infinite . columbus ignorance ! I believe the indie be no more than 750 league west of the canary Islands . marchena how can you be so certain ? columbus the calculation of toscanelli Marin de tyr , esdras ... marchena ( interrupt ) esdras be a Jew . columbus so be Christ ! marchena throw he quill in the air in frustration . he glance at the hourglass : marchena two minute ... and already you be a dead man . do not let passion overwhelm you , colon . columbus ( mockingly ) I will try to remember that , marchena ... marchena Father marchena ! columbus ( ignore this ) Passion be something one cannot control ! marchena ( heatedly ) you get so carry away when you be be contradict ! columbus I have be contradict all my life ... eternity ! marchena ( amused ) only God know the meaning of such word , my son . ext . courtyard - LA rabida - evening diego and fernando wait in the courtyard . columbus appear and lift fernando onto the mule . diego turn to go . columbus Diego . columbus walk over to he , squat down so they eye meet . he look at he son for a moment . columbus would you like to come and stay with we ? uncomfortable with the proposition , diego cannot find a answer . columbus I will do whatever make you happy . diego I be happy , Father . columbus reach out -- and touch he shoulder . he climb up behind fernando , who wave back to he brother as they ride off . ext . cadiz - street and cathedral square - night columbus lead the mule , carry the sleep fernando , through narrow street . there 's a clamorous noise in the air . suddenly a large group of young men , shouting with excitement , run up the street and brush past they . then more people . fernando sit up straight . the noise grow , rowdy , rumbling , sharp with excitement and violence . huge crowd have thronge the massive old square outside the cathedral . holding the mule by its rein , columbus try to push he way through ... suddenly , as a gap open in the crowd , we see the cause of the excitement : in the center of the square stand three pyre , already alit . hooded executioner be busy around the fire . fernando look , Father ! before columbus can stop he , fernando have slip off the mule and into the crowd . columbus Fernando ! but the boy have be swallow into the mass of people . columbus try to follow he . flame leap into the night sky with a terrible crackle , lighting up the square with a lurid glow . prayer be be chant somewhere . fernando have elbow he way to the front of the crowd . a priest brandish a crucifix in front of the face of a man bound to a post . the heretic wear the " sambenito " , a robe make of coarse fabric on which he sin have be crudely illustrate -- we see cabalistic sign , indicate that the man be jewish . the man be eye be mad with fear . but he refuse to kiss the crucifix , as a sign of he repentance . fernando be transfix by the scene , but still do not realize what be happen . he be too close to the platform to see what be in the flame of the other pyre . columbus Fernando ! he motion to he son , take the boy' hand , and drag he away from the scene . but fernando look back . the distance now allow he to see inside the flame . a half -charred figure -- the man be face be distort in a silent scream ... the neck snap like burn wood , and the head fall on one shoulder . then the whole body collapse into the fire . int . beatrix be house - hallway and stable - night columbus and fernando lead the mule into the white - wash , stone - floor hallway of the modest house . fernando be mute , shocked by what he just witness . columbus take the mule into its stall , and as he do so , he mother , beatrix , appear from the kitchen to greet they . she be a beautiful woman in she twenty , a calm , strong , domestic personality . columbus tousle the boy' hair . fernando glance at he mother but look subdued and do not say anything . int . beatrix be house - kitchen - night columbus join beatrix in the kitchen , where a maid be cooking . he explain Fernando 's subdued manner . columbus execution . in the square . beatrix nod . he go to the stone butt and pour water on he hand . columbus they have agree to see I in a week . beatrix put the candle on the table . her face light up with a smile . he walk to she , and kiss she . columbus I could be go for year . beatrix I know . columbus I have not give you much of a life . beatrix ( amused ) well ... that 's true . I have a child by a man who will not marry I ! who 's always leave ... columbus be we go to argue ? beatrix I would love to argue with you sometimes . but you be never here ! they laugh and kiss . columbus perhaps I be never mean to live with a woman ... beatrix ( still kissing he ) I find that hard to believe . dissolve to : int . beatrix be house - kitchen - night they be eat around the table , and fernando be unusually silent and thoughtful . columbus pour a little wine into fernando be water , to distract he . fernando look up at he , surprised . columbus smile , then look over at beatrix . columbus Fernando , do not you think we be lucky to live with such a beautiful woman ? he wink at fernando . beatrix smile . int . beatrix be house - bedroom - night the room be dark . as columbus approach the bed with a candle , it illuminate the naked body of beatrix . beatrix look up at he intently . a drop of wax fall on she skin . she flinch , murmur ... they make love . ext . salamanca university - day a medieval " campus " . student - novice be play " pelote " , with basket - glove and a hard ball . they run with they robe tuck around they waist , revealing white leg . other be study , read , hurry to they class . we find columbus watch the game from the step above the court . other be wait with he . a monk come from a door , and look around the group . monk ( hesitant ) Christopher Columbus ? int . audience room - university of salamanca - day a El greco painting . a tableau of twenty men sit on dark , sculpt seat . candle throw a gloomy light on they face . some be churchman , other be dress in bourgeois outfit . only one of they be richly dress in the grand Spanish fashion -- he be sanchez , treasurer of the House of aragon . a monk ( Don arojaz ) hold a stick with a ivory claw at the top . languidly , he scratch he back -- he off -hand manner only make he more impressive than he peer . arojaz you say Asia can be find by sailing west ? columbus yes , you eminence . the voyage should not take more than six or seven week . arojaz unfortunately , Don colon , that be precisely where we opinion differ ... ( pause ) be you familiar with the work of aristotle ? erathostene ? ptolemeus ? columbus I be , you eminence arojaz then you cannot ignore that accord to they calculation , the circumference of the Earth be approximately ... ( he lean forward ) 22,000 league or more . which make the ocean ... uncrossable . he lean back , satisfied , and pause for effect . arojaz but you may have find new evidence prove that this man of knowledge be totally mistaken ! a ripple of mirthless laughter . columbus you excellency be aware of the statement of Marin de tyr ? hernando do talavera we be . columbus then you be also aware that he theory contradict ptolemeus ... De tyr believe the Ocean to be only 750 league ... a murmur of protest spread among the member of the Commission . but Columbus be determine to press he theory . columbus the florentine toscanelli and the french cardinal Pierre d' ailly both think that Marin de tyr be accurate in he calculation . and therefore , that the ocean can be cross . indignant and amused murmur . diego do deza raise he voice to quiet the assembly . diego do deza gentlemen , let we suppose Marin de tyr be right ... ( the laughter subside ) be we here to examine this proposal or not ? silence . diego do deza ( to Columbus ) in you opinion , how long would the voyage be ? columbus Seven week . six , during the summer month . the murmur increase . arojaz Marin de tyr be wrong -- and have be correct many time over the century by the finest geographer . you voyage , Don colon , would take a year ! a man of simple bear , that columbus identify as be a seaman , interrupt . vicuna how would the crew survive without be able to land for fresh water ? Water be undrinkable after six week ! you would never be able to turn back ! columbus we would not have to turn back ! we would find land at this point ! arojaz senor colon , a experience captain such as yourself will understand we concern with the crew . I be not willing to have on my conscience the loss of man who would have relied upon we judgment . columbus excellency , you be right . instantly , the protest stop . columbus I be a seaman , not a scholar ... but as a simple man craving for knowledge , I have read all the work of this renowned geographer and discover that none of they could agree on the exact width of this ocean ... he pause , and start walk in front of the expert , as a lawyer before a grand jury . columbus therefore , as a modest man , I wonder : who be right ? the expert listen . close on sanchen' face , impressed by the boldness . columbus who be right ? this question remain unanswer . he walk and stop before talavera , and catch the look of sanchez , sit just behind he . columbus you eminence , there be only one way to settle the matter . and that be to make the journey . ( to the assembly , with passion ) I be ready to risk my life to prove it possible . arojaz you life , and that of other ! columbus if they agree to follow I , yes . sanchez ( o.s. ) suppose you cross this ocean . suppose you reach Asia . what would Spain do there ? conscious of a friendlier voice , columbus see the treasurer sanchez , a impose man in he fifty . columbus Trade , you excellency . accord to Marco polo , the Kingdom of China be one of the richest of the world . even the meanest building be roofed with gold . arojaz ( interrupt ) be that all that interest you ? gold ? columbus no . the portuguese have already discover black -skin people . I , too , will find other population -- and bring they to the word of God . the monk smile thinly . arojaz Christopher -- christo feren -- the bearer of the Cross ! monk ( ironic ) and colon -- the one who populate ! another small rill of laughter . arojaz if God intend we proximity to Asia , do you believe he would have wait for you to show it to the world ? columbus do he not choose a carpenter 's son to reveal himself to the world ? a hum of interest . close on sanchez -- watch columbus intently , a hint of a admire smile on he lip . arojaz so you consider yourself the choose one ? a pause . arojaz do not you realize you word could be consider heretical ? columbus ( calmly ) blind faith be what I consider heresy ! the murmur turn to a audible gasp . arojaz get to he foot and lean forward , threateningly , the flame of a candle only inch from he face . there be absolute silence . columbus meet the monk be gaze unflinchingly . columbus ( quietly ) Asia can be find to the west -- and I will prove it . arojaz if -god -will -it ! ext . terrace - university - day the jury be alone to deliberate . food and wine have be laid out on table . in the distance , student ' cry carry over the conversation . sanchez approach . arojaz the treasurer of Spain honors we with he presence . sanchez bow slightly . sanchez the State have some reason to be interested in this man 's proposition , you eminence ... arojaz the judgment be ours ! sanchez naturally . but I would really deplore the loss of such a potential opportunity for Spain for a ... dispute over a point of geography . sanchez help himself to some grape , look round at the other member of the committee , who pretend not to be listen . arojaz ( interrupt ) he be a mercenary ! do he not already try to convince the King of Portugal of he absurd notion ? sanchez indeed . the world be full of mercenary -- and state often make use of they , when it benefit they . ( casually ) my only concern be the welfare and prosperity of Spain . arojaz understand the hint , and stop smile . arojaz you would use you influence to assist this ... intriguer ? sanchez reach for a decanter of sherry . sanchez you know , you eminence , the fascinating thing about power , be that what can be give so effortlessly ... he offer the decanter to arojaz , who automatically lift he glass . but instead , sanchez pull back the decanter , pour himself a drink , and replace it on the table , leave arojaz stare at he own empty glass . sanchez ... can so easily be take away . and he drink with a smile . int . LA rabida - marchena's study - evening marchena read aloud the Commission 's letter . marchena ... and therefore nothing could justify the participation of you highness in the venture that rely upon such feeble assumption , and which any man of knowledge would take to be impractical ... if not impossible . he shake he head , put the letter down . columbus look appal ; devastate . columbus they do not listen . they do not want to listen ! he pace about the book -line room . marchena you must not give way to despair . you must wait . columbus wait ! I have wait seven year already ! how much longer do you want I to wait ? marchena if God intend you to go , then you will go . columbus ( angrily ) damn God ! marchena be shocked . marchena colon ! columbus damn all of you ! you all set up theory base on what ? you never leave the safety of you study ! go out ! find out what the world be about and then tell I something I can listen to ! he seize a beautiful book from marchena be desk . columbus this do not mean anything ! they be full of assumption ! out of the head of old man who have never be past the end of they garden ! he hurl the book across the room . marchena be horrify . marchena no ...! my book ...! columbus seize more book from the shelf , just sweeping they to the floor . columbus all of they ! just lie ! marchena colon ! do not ! marchena try to stop he . in he fury , columbus accidentally knock the poor old man to the ground . his cry bring three monk rush into the room . as columbus continue to rage and scatter book everywhere , they try to stop he , struggle with this big , powerful man -- to almost comical effect . finally , a short , muscular monk deliver a quick punch that send columbus crash to the floor . int . chapel of LA rabida - evening columbus lie face down on the stone floor . he be dress in a homespun robe . his arm be stretch out in penance . fernando and diego look down at he . fernando Father ? diego sssshhhh ...! one can not speak to a man do penance . fernando what can you do ? diego nothing . that 's the point , Fernando . a pause -- and then fernando lie face down on the floor beside he father , and stretch out he arm in the same way . diego be leave look on , unable to bring himself to join they . ext . cloister - LA rabida - day along the cloister , map be drying , hang like laundry in the light breeze . columbus pin up a new addition . another monk work nearby , in silence . pinzon ( o.s. ) senor colon ? columbus turn , to see a small , stocky man approach : a middle - class gentleman . he nod . pinzon ah , thank God ! I have be look all over Seville for you ! never expect to find a sailor in a monastery , eh ? he laugh . columbus smile , but do not say anything . pinzon be clearly a little surprised . pinzon name 's pinzon , by the way . Martin alonzo pinzon . I be a ship owner from palo ... columbus glance around cautiously , and walk a little way down the cloister , away from the other monk , gesture for pinzon to follow he . pinzon be yet more surprised by this strange behavior . pinzon ( indicate the monk ) be he a spy ? columbus shake he head . pinzon stare at he , perplex . pinzon what be it ? be you a trappist ? columbus shake he head again . pinzon vow of silence ...? penance ? columbus nod vigorously . pinzon Jesus ! just my luck ! he take off he hat , wiping he forehead with a silk cloth . pinzon listen . I will do the talk for both of we . you just nod . agreed ? just as I do with the wife . columbus nod . pinzon I know that the Commission turn you down , right ? what do you expect ? you be a foreigner ... but I want to help you . columbus give he a glance like one throw a question in the air . pinzon you wonder why I believe in you ? hey , I be a seaman . and we do not like to be tell where to go , and where not to go . columbus look at he , and burst out laugh . the other monk look round severely . columbus duck behind a map , pinzon follow he . pinzon lower he voice . pinzon I do not look like it , but I have friend at the Court . the treasurer of aragon , for example . he finances I . his name 's santangel . ever hear of he ? columbus shake he head , but look increasingly interested by what he 's hearing . pinzon he can get you a audience with the Queen ! you know why ...? she owe he money . that 's how it be . you -- I -- the Queen -- the world and he mistress -- agree ? columbus nod . pinzon so . what do you say ? columbus look around , catch the disapprove face of the monk , cross himself , then speak : columbus where can I meet this man ? pinzon ( indicate with a nod ) immediately . columbus turn and see a elegant Lord in he fifty , examine the map . ext . street of granada - day a huge Islamic Crescent be pull down from the minaret of a mosque . soldier be hold back a crowd at the foot of the tower . to the ecstatic cry of the crowd , a Cross be hoist up in its place ... astride horse , columbus and the treasurer santangel be watch the scene . they push through a extraordinary scene . the city of granada have just be reclaim from the moor after several year of siege . all around they , spanish soldier be herding , bedraggle column of the defeat moor , bear only a few possession . ragged , half -starve man , woman and child . santangel this people build granada ... Centuries ago ! it be a great victory over the moor , Don colon -- and yet what a tragedy it be ! the three horsemen pass a procession of grateful penitent , who be crawl on they knee , chant psalm and flagellate themselves . at the head of the procession , hooded priest carry a statue of the virgin Mary swathed in silk and lace . the gate of the alhambra Palace be in sight . columbus be this a good time to meet she ? santangel it could not be better . Victor can not say no . bell be peal triumphantly . the noise be tumultuous . they ride towards the magnificent palace . ext . alhambra palace - garden - day fabulous moorish garden : pond fill with golden carp ; exotic bird cage hang from lemon tree ... the distant sound of victory . santangel and columbus walk through the garden , escort by halberdier . soldier pass by , carry coffer or pile of document . as they approach the inner sanctum , however , there be fewer people . they stop by the lion 's Fountain , where several dignitaries be wait patiently for a audience . sanchez appear . they bow . santangel approach to murmur a compliment . santangel you excellency ... truly grateful ... you help ... as ever ... sanchez protest softly , and look over at columbus , a half - smile form on he lip . then a duena appear , and motion for columbus to follow . int . alhambra palace - throne room - day a ornate moorish door be push open by the duena be hand . we enter the throne room -- sculpture colonnade , mosaic ... at the far end , window open onto a view of granada 's rooftop . against this dazzle light , the delicate silhouette of queen isabel of spain . the light in she blonde hair create a halo around she head as she turn . columbus fall to he knee . isabel rise ...! come forward ! he approach the window , stop close to she . isabel scrutinize he quickly . isabel I should not even be listen to you , since my council say no . but santangel tell I you be a man of honor and sincerity ... and sanchez , that you be not a fool . columbus ( bold ) no more than the woman who say she would take granada from the moor . isabel smile , enjoy the lack of obsequiousness . isabel the ocean be uncrossable ? columbus what do they say about granada before today ? isabel ( a beat ) that she be impregnable . isabel smile again . isabel I cannot ignore the verdict of my council . columbus surely you can do anything you want . a direct challenge . she do not know what to make of this man . isabel how little you know . this little hint of vulnerability subtly reverse they position for a moment . now we sense columbus scrutinize she . columbus May I speak freely ? isabel ( with a smile ) you show no inclination to speak otherwise ! columbus I know what I see . I see someone who do not accept the world as it be . who 's not afraid . I see a woman who think ... " what if ? " ... isabel ( amused at he familiarity ) a woman ? a slight pause . columbus forgive I ... but you be the only Queen I know . she burst out laugh . isabel then we be equal ... since you be the only sailor I know ! a beat . isabel how old be you , senor colon ? columbus thirty seven , you majesty ... and you ? once again take off guard , isabel flush , and turn away slightly to hide it . isabel thirty eight ... a pause . isabel you will be inform of we decision . columbus bow and go to leave . as the duena open the door for he , he turn back . columbus actually , I think you be young than I ! and he go out , leave she stunne . ext . sanchen' estate - tree - line road - day a chalk white road , line with tree . two livery servant be walk down the road , one carry a large silver tray , the other a smaller tray . they be overtaken by a administrator who hurry along the road , with document under he arm . ext . sanchen' estate - stable block and paddock - day the clerk enter a impose stable block . in the paddock , sanchez be training a magnificent young horse , make it step sideways , bend it to he will . the administrator watch he , unable to interrupt . behind he the two servant can be see bring in the silver trays , with cover dish of food , a decanter of wine . they begin to lay they out on a table . ext . sanchen' estate - stable block and paddock - later sanchez pour himself some wine , tuck into he he food , while the administrator , clearly work himself up into a frenzy , read from a document . administrator ... and he demand ... he demand to be make a knight , with the right to bear the Golden spur ! he will receive the title of Don cristobal colon -- which will be extend to he descendant for ever more ... the administrator look up . he be read the contract that columbus have propose . sanchez , he mouth full , gesture for he to continue . sanchez go on ! administrator he will be name great Admiral of the Ocean Sea . viceroy of the West indie ... Governor of all island or land discover or as will be discover with he help ... the administrator look up again . administrator the high title of nobility , you excellency ! to a immigrant shelter by monk ! sanchez gesture for the document . wipe he mouth . continue read , calmly : sanchez furthermore he will receive one eight of all wealth or money , precious gem , pearl , metal , spice and other lucrative source conquer within the boundary of he admiralty ... he smile , hand the document back . sanchez it 's very underdone . administrator ( explode ) underdone ! it 's monstrous , excellency ! sanchez no , the pheasant . it 's almost raw . and he carry on eat . sanchez you worry too much , carvajal ... the man will have to lower he demand . believe I , he will ! int . alhambra palace - a reception room - day Close up on columbus . columbus I won 't ! a woman' hand quietly , carefully open a cover of a spy hole in the wall . two beautiful eye peer through a grille , into the next room . what they see : sanchez and columbus together . columbus be visibly upset . sanchez ( calmly ) we have consider you -- demand very carefully , senor colon ... you expectation be ... excessive , in every way . columbus tighten he fist , try to remain calm . columbus if I be right , my request be fair ! sanchez hold up a document . sanchez we have prepare we own contract ... he offer the document to columbus , who take it , scan it quickly , shake he head . columbus no ... sanchez no ? columbus no ...! I have wait too long , fight too hard . now you expect I to take all the risk while you take the profit ! no ... I will not be you servant ! the eye behind the screen -- the mouth , form a little smile . sanchez I remind you , senor colon , that you be in no position to bargain with I . columbus I be not bargain ! sanchez ( steely ) then you be too ambitious . columbus lean over the table , face he . columbus and be you never ambitious , excellency ? or be ambition only a virtue among the noble , a fault for the rest of we ? sanchez ( abrupt ) if you will not accept we proposal , we will simply find someone who will . columbus smile . columbus if you can do that , excellency -- I will become a monk ! he turn , stride towards the door . we hear a woman be muffle laughter . as columbus go out , isabel appear through a secret door . sanchez bow . isabel go over to the window and look out . isabel you be right , Don sanchez ... his demand could never be grant . sanchez never , you majesty . although ... she turn , questioningly , towards he . sanchez ... although one may always renegotiate a contract . especially sign by Royal hand . ext . alhambra palace garden - Pov - day sanchez join isabel at the window . they see columbus stride out and away . int . alhambra palace - a reception room - day back to sanchez sanchez ( quietly ) ... into a monk ... isabel ( with a smile ) yes . it would be a pity , would not it ? ( turn to sanchez ) call he back ! ext . STREET - evening teeming life . columbus push he way through crowd . he be expressionless and distract . he look around he , stop walk . and then , unexpectedly , shout . columbus yeeeeees ! all head turn as if he be totally insane . he walk on as if nothing happen . int . beatrix be house - night columbus be sit at the kitchen table , by himself , with a glass of wine . there be a movement behind he . beatrix be stand at the foot of the stair , in a night -shirt . columbus turn and look at she , almost sad . columbus she say yes . beatrix ( move ) thank God ... she smile . but he seem to be unable to share she happiness . columbus if I ever come back , I swear I will ... she cross to he quickly , place she hand gently on he mouth . beatrix ( softly ) I be not ask you to swear to anything . columbus I do not want you to wait for I . beatrix ( smile ) that 's something you can not decide . columbus kiss she . int . corridor - beatrix be house - night strange , unearthly music ... a flicker light in a dark tunnel . fernando , hold a candle in front of he , walk slowly down the dark corridor . quietly open a door , he walk into columbus ' study . int . columbus ' study - night close on : a huge illustrate map of western Europe and Asia . fernando be candle move slowly across the Atlantic Ocean , to the edge of the map . there , the illustrator 's imagination have create monster : terrifying demon ; creature half -human , half -animal . sitting at he desk , columbus be look at the map . fernando ( o.s. ) you can not go there ! turn , columbus find he son beside he . columbus why not ? fernando point at the monster . he pull the boy to he . columbus there be not any monster , Fernando . the only monster be in here ... ( he tap he own forehead ) watch ! he take a pen , and draw a smile on one of the terrible monster , transform it at once . fernando laugh immediately . fernando I want to go with you ! columbus there will be a time . fernando you promise ? ( Columbus nod he head ) do you swear on St. Christopher ...? fernando pull the chain with the St. Christopher medal from under columbus ' shirt . fernando do you swear on all the Holy Saints in heaven ? columbus ( laugh ) yes ... yes , I do ... on all of they ! and he hug he son tightly . ext . hillside and gate - pre-dawn a luminous procession pass through a moorish stone gate , down to the harbor . we see the face of the sailor and they family -- columbus , pinzon amongst they -- we sense the fervor and apprehension of the departure . the procession be lead by marchena and four young novice carry the madonna . all hold long , burn taper , say the rosary . a sailor push through the crowd , and kiss the madonna 's foot . ext . palos harbor - dawn hundred of candle flicker in the pre-dawn light , hold by the family and friend of the sailor . the santa maria the pinta and the nina nestle against the quayside . dwarf by the hull , a flotilla of smaller fishing craft , return from night fishing , accidentally witness this event . ext . makeshift confessional - dockside - dawn marchena sit on a barrel and cross himself . behind a curtain sit columbus . marchena in nomine patris et filius , et spiritus sancti . columbus forgive I , Father . for I have sin . marchena recognize columbus ' voice . marchena I be listen , my son . columbus Father , I have betrayed my family . I betrayed my man . and I betrayed you . marchena what be you say ? columbus I lie . the journey will be longer than I say . marchena how long ? columbus I be not sure ... it could be twice the distance . a pause . marchena May God forgive you ...! you must tell they ! you must tell you man ! columbus if I tell they , they will not follow I . you know that I be right , Father . you trust I ... marchena my son , my son ... ( he shake he head ) you certitude be sometimes frightening ... ( pause ) Christopher , you must speak to they . and if you do not I will . columbus you be bound by a oath , Father . a long silence . marchena I believe in you ... columbus give I absolution . no response . columbus give I absolution , Father ! devastate , marchena reluctantly make the sign of the cross . ext . harbor and ship - palos - dawn columbus walk over to where beatrix and fernando be wait . he kiss and hug fernando . marchena ( o.s. ) ispo Te absoluto . May God forgive you and have mercy on you soul , Christopher Columbus . go in peace . dissolve to : ext . harbor and ship - dawn - later the crowded quayside . columbus stand in front of fernando . columbus be good to you mother , Fernando . do you promise ? fernando nod , tear in he eye . then columbus embrace beatrix tightly . she whisper into he ear . beatrix speak to Diego . but columbus and diego be unable to find word , and instead they clumsily hug . someone tap columbus ' shoulder . he turn around to see santangel . wordlessly , they hug . CUT to : activity on the ship , order be be shout , rope fore and aft be cast off , splash into the water ... now the ship be slowly move parallel to the quayside . the crowd start walk abreast to the vessel . women hold up baby , blow kiss , old parent cry ... beatrix , her son , and santangel be among they . columbus suddenly unty the chain around he neck , and throw it at diego . columbus Diego ! here ! diego catch it . open he hand he look at the medallion . then look up at he father , elate . the santa maria be now two meter from the quay . santangel be now opposite columbus . santangel ( casually ) take care of my investment , wherever you be go ! columbus ( ambiguous ) I have to tell you santangel . I do not know where on earth I be go ! they both laugh . a fisherman , stand in he shrimp - boat let he hand slide gently along the gigantic hull . he stare up at the sailor lean on the rail . sailor vaya con dios ! ( go with God ! ) they wave back . CUT to : marchena walk towards the moorish gate . he finally turn , sad and distraught . he see : CUT to : ext . ship at sea - whale - day three ship on a boundless ocean . the sea resembling a dormant monster , hold its breath . a live be , all powerful , capable of unpredictable metamorphosis . Music reflect the loneliness , the anxiety of the crew , the fear of the unknown ... enormous whale move slowly alongside , surging majestically through the wave . sinking back , disappear , they cry take precedent over the music . ext . deck - day a ship' boy be throw bucket of water on the deck . a sailor be busy clear the rope around the mast . a cook be blow life into a brazier , in preparation of the evening meal . ten men heaving on a heavy rope , raise the top sail , punctuate they effort with a sailor 's chant . ext . santa maria - night the crystalline north star -- as if see through a instrument . columbus ' silhouette , by a oil lamp , stand at the prow . holding a quadrant he be aim at the star . some sailor be watch with curiosity . one of they be alonso , a rough , stocky basque . near columbus , on a tressel , various book and chart . he make a entry in the log . then go back to he quadrant . he sense mendez stand next to he . columbus ( softly ) due west , Captain mendez . and may God be with we ... mendez God be with we admiral . mendez do not move , continue to observe columbus . columbus what be it mendez ? speak ! mendez be hesitant . he nervously clear he throat . mendez well ... it 's the man , Sir . they wonder how you know we position . we have lose sight from land day ago ... columbus ( still take reading ) and what do you think mendez ? mendez well , I surely know what a quadrant be ! but I have never see it use at night before . columbus come over here . mendez hesitates , then motion to columbus . the sailor be watch , and some approach to hear the conversation . columbus now , find the North Star . do you have it ? CUT to : the picture swim across the heaven , until we see the north star . columbus ( o.s. ) steady yourself ...! keep the plumb line vertical ... the picture steady . CUT to : mendez nod -- and lose equilibrium . the plumb line swing . columbus do not move ! a mistake of one degree and we will be off 6,000 league ! mendez try again . columbus what do you read ? mendez twenty eight . mendez turn to columbus . columbus that 's it . the twenty eighth parallel . and we will follow it until we reach land . alonso do not seem convinced . alonso how do you know land be on the twenty eighth parallel ? ext . santa maria - deck - day a blaze sun . the ship be like a furnace , its brass fitting too hot to touch , the blister heat make the air shimmer over the deck . desperate for shade , sailor be shelter under the sagging prow sail . the ship' boy throw a empty bucket attach to a rope over the side and haul it back up again , brim with water . as he turn , we see he face , disfigure by a hair lip . he drench himself ... from the shade , alonso watch he . alonso Chicken - ass face ! the other laugh . the boy , ashamed , try to ignore they . alonso be hand accidentally touch a brass fitting ; he react like he be burnt . alonso shit ! he suck he blister finger . alonso I never see heat like this ! not even in Las minas ! sailor the water 's go putrid in the barrel . alonso you will be drink you own piss ... for the glory of Spain ... and Admiral colon ...! bastard ! the ship' boy glance round at they . alonso what be you listen to , chicken ass ? sailor ah , leave he alone . he 's do no harm . alonso with a face like that ? ( to boy ) I do not want you look at I . you hear ? the boy turn away , drop the bucket back into the sea . alonso he 's the devil 's child ... sailor we will all go crazy ... the boy throw more water over the deck . a sailor take he guitar , and start sing a improvise song . sailor culo de galina es el hijo del demonio ... ( Chicken ass mouth be the devil 's child ... bear from the loin of a stinky old goat etc ... ) they all laugh . the boy , hearing this , climb to the crow 's - nest like a monkey . ext . santa maria - rigging and crow be - nest - day we experience a sense of vertigo as we near the top of the main mast , high above the roll deck . the boy curl like a fetus in the swinging crow 's - nest , exhaust by the heat , and scared . his eye be turn white . he begin to piss himself ... CUT to : ext . santa maria - deck - day piss be drip on the deck . the sailor do not seem to care . the cook take a chicken from a cage . he break its neck , and start pluck it . the other continue they bitter conversation . alonso we should have see land . sailor we leave three week ago , alonso . can not be that near . alonso can not be that far , I say . also , I do not like the smell of the sea around here . smell like a cunt . bad sign ... the cook start laugh . they turn to he . cook ( shaking he head ) of course it smell like it ! that 's why sailor take to the sea ! they all laugh . alonso look up at columbus stand on the poop deck , scrutinize the horizon , wait for the land to appear . alonso and why do this one take to the sea ? nobody know . never say a word ... mendez have sense the danger of this lack of respect . he approach they . mendez to you post ! at once ! they split in silence . ext . santa maria - deck - night the ship be plow on , push by a hot wind -- sailor sleep on deck . the ship' boy be sing to himself . despite he hair lip he have a pure , melancholy voice ... columbus , lean over the prow rail , stare ahead , hear it carry over the darkness . ext . santa maria - deck - day close up on a hour -glass , nearly through its time . the ship' boy throw a " ampoulette " over board . we follow the bulb attach to a rope , pass the full length of the hull . as it reach the poop deck , another sailor shout " MARK " . a very primitive system of calculation for distance and speed . sitting near the ship' boy , columbus be make entry in a log-book , watch the hourglass . ship be boy Mark . twenty nine , Sir ! the hour -glass run out . columbus convert the mark into a daily average for distance and speed . columbus six hundred and twenty nine . the ship' boy cup he hand to he mouth to shout . CUT to : ext . pinta - day pinzon , he officer beside he , look across at the santa maria . ship' boy six hundred and twenty nine ! a officer turn to pinzon to repeat the message . officer six hundred and twenty nine , Sir ! pinzon do not seem too pleased . pinzon I hear . the officer examine he own calculation . officer Captain , I do not understand . pinzon I think I do . he go back to he cabin . CUT to : ext . ship - sargasso sea - day absolute stillness . a furnace . the three ship like dot , on what seem to be a prairie of weed . the caravel be be tow by three row boat . close on the men , row , drench with sweat . from the prow , columbus be stare at the horizon . alonso pull at he oar stare at columbus ' distant figure with hate and resentment . alonso suddenly ship he oar , throw the whole boat into disarray . Chaos . total silence . mendez and alonso stare at each other . mendez continue row ! alonso to where ? alonso defiantly stare at mendez . he then start to beat a rhythm on the hull with he fist , follow by the other . in the two other boat , the men begin to follow suit , beat a rhythm of protest on the hull . mendez look up to columbus , in panic . on board pinzone ship , a officer cup he hand to he mouth . officer Captain pinzon request permission to board . CUT to : ext . santa maria - day columbus grant . int . columbus ' cabin - day pinzon enter . he look furious . pinzon you lie ! you cheat ! we be way past 750 league ! columbus ( calmly ) six day ago , yes . pinzon you must be mad ...! columbus we have to keep the hope of this man alive ! pinzon we be on the verge of a mutiny , colon ! columbus you think I do not know that ? pinzon we be lose ! columbus the land be there . I know it ! pinzon you do not know anything ! listen colon , this be my ship , right ? so I be tell you we be turn back ! columbus and then what ? half of the water have go , the rest be nearly putrid ! you know that ! pinzon ( apoplectic ) Jesus Maria ! I should have never listen to you ! columbus you never do . you do all the talk for both of we , remember ? pinzon you bloody ... columbus pinzon , pinzon ... all we can do now be go forward ! think about that ! pinzon you tell that to they ! columbus you be right . let the man decide . columbus move to the door . as a afterthought , he take he scarlet - embroider jacket from a hook . ext . santa maria - deck - day most of the man be now back on board . they go silent as columbus appear . he walk slowly over to they . all , include alonso , be surly , threaten ... columbus who give you the order to come on board ? he look up and down the line , finish on alonso . they stare at one another . alonso God do not want we to cross the ocean ...! this voyage be curse ! some of the men murmur they agreement . columbus curse ? alonso we set sail for greed . God have abandon we . the voyage be curse . there be sign ... alonso glance towards the ship' boy , with he hair lip . the boy lower he eye . columbus move towards he , pull he forward , stand he in front of alonso . columbus this boy have the voice of a angel . what come out of he mouth be bless , alonso . what come out of you be evil . some of the man laugh at this statement . alonso be ill at ease . columbus pause , look around at all the men . columbus listen to I ! every man be afraid who do something for the first time . but that who overcome they fear , will find they reward . I do not know if it be God 's will that we cross this ocean -- but I be certain it be the devil who put fear into we heart ... the men be listen . we sense a subtle change of mood ... columbus this jacket to the first man who sight land ! I want a man up that mast day and night . columbus point at the ship' boy . columbus you start first . the ship' boy rush up the mast . as he climb , the mainsail start to fill with wind . the deck begin to move under they foot . this movement under they foot seem to imperceptibly erase the fear and the anger . mendez alonso ! Jaime ! do not let this wind escape we . cry from the other ship , as the sail snap taut , fill with wind . men rush to they post . pinzon stare at columbus , shaking he head in disbelief . pinzon ( murmure ) you lucky bastard ... columbus walk away to he cabin , then turn back to pinzon . columbus pinzon , the more I sail , the luckier I get . turn abruptly , he enter he cabin . ext . santa maria - prow - misty night columbus be seat , isolate at the prow , wrap in he cape , struggle against the sleep . mendez approach he with a bowl of soup . mendez shall I take my turn ? columbus shake he head no , and start drink from the bowl . CUT to : columbus ' head nod lower and lower to he chest . he be asleep . we become aware of a sharp buzzing sound . it become louder as we move closer to columbus ' face . a mosquito land on he temple . columbus reflexively slap it . he wake up , and look at he finger -- a spot of blood , a crush mosquito . he stare at it for a moment . then slowly get to he foot . ext . santa maria - deck - night in the luminous moonlight , columbus be stand , stare up at thousand of insect that wheel around the mast lantern . we hear the flutter of they wing and see the bat as they swoop and dive in a feed frenzy . columbus turn , stare into the darkness , desperate to see the land that must be close . he kneel by mendez , wrap in a blanket . he touch he shoulder . columbus ( murmure ) mendez ! mendez ! mendez grimace , and open one eye . columbus land ... CUT to : ext . ship - dawn a opaque dawn . columbus , rivete , stare forward as if to pierce the mist . the entire crew be cling to the rail , and stand on the shroud . suddenly , the ship boy' voice crack with emotion . ship' boy tierra ...! tierra ! columbus strain he eye ; he still can not see anything . the entire crew stand and stare , silent , hold they breath . as the sun begin to rise , the fog dissipate -- slowly , exquisitely , revealing a single palm , so close it seem almost as though they could touch it . then a white slash of beach . near columbus , a sailor fall to he knee and burst into tear . other laugh with joy . columbus watch this vision in disbelief , he mouth open as if it be difficult for he to breathe . tear come to he eye . he close they . then open they again . the land be there -- a green paradise . on screen the word : october 12 , 1942 . guanahan island ext . boat - day Three row boat plunging through the surf towards the beach . columbus stand in the prow of the first boat . mendez be in the second . pinzon the third . they stare entrance at the lushness of the foliage , and the blue clarity of the water ... as the first boat beach , columbus leap out and wade ashore . behind he the rest of the landing party splash through the sun-dazzled water , carry the banner of castille and aragon . ext . beach - day they stand on the beach , almost in a dream . there be silence . the royal notary , ludicrously overdress , now wet through , stumble over to columbus and hold out he contract and a pen . columbus scrawl he name . the men stare at he , fill not only with new respect , but with something amount to awe . columbus turn to they , try to speak . columbus by the ... by the Grace of ... God ... he swallow . tear have sprung to he eye . he be so move he cannot continue . come to he rescue -- the ship' boy start to roll the drum . he then stop . columbus ( pull himself together ) in the name of they gracious majesty of castille and aragon , and by all the power vested in I , I claim this island and name it San salvador . the men cheer as the flag be ram into the sand , flap in the wind . columbus start to walk towards the jungle , and in silence the rest follow . ext . jungle - day immediately they be meet by a incredible wall of SOUND ! the jungle be fill with noise . the impossibly - loud cry of exotic bird , the chatter of monkey . the spaniard be overwhelm . they move forward . Ray of sunlight pierce through the high canopy of leave , like the roof of a magnificent cathedral . the sound and smell intoxicate they sense . they be fill with wonder . then pinzon stop . he have see something . another stop , then a third , stare ahead of they ... mendez ( whisper urgently ) arquebuse ! several of they raise they weapon to they shoulder , point they into the jungle . from columbus ' Pov we slowly scan the face of the thick jungle ahead . for a moment we do not see anything -- and then , with a shock , we see the first indian . nake , paint like a idol , carry a hunt lance . as if they have materialize from nowhere : the rest of the hunting party , with they bow and spear . Silent . watchful . they stare back at we . the spaniard nervously finger they weapon . columbus slowly lift he hand into the air : a clear signal not to fire . then , remove he sword , he drop it on the ground , and start to walk forward , fix he gaze upon the first indian he see . pinzon ( warningly ) colon ! columbus ignore he , even though some of the indian have raise they weapon . he stop in the no-man 's land between they . the indian do not move -- but something excite they . the ship be boy , wear columbus ' embroider jacket and the drum , have follow columbus and now stand close to he . he be the cause of they interest . columbus put he arm around the boy , and this gesture of affection seem to put the indian at they ease . they start talk and point . they come forward slowly , start to tentatively touch the boy' jacket . then , now laugh , they touch columbus , pull at he beard . columbus laugh too . sense they innocence , the rest of the men lower they weapon . some of they laugh . a apparition : a beautiful young indian girl , totally naked , walk out of the jungle . she be pregnant and hold a child . we begin to hear indian music , play on a flute . CUT to : ext . indian village - day a large post be lift from the ground by two spaniard pull on rope . the post be fix into position -- and then we see that it be a large wooden cross ... the indian villager watch the ceremony with some interest and amusement . columbus look over at the man and gesture at the indian . columbus we have come here in peace , and we will behave with honor . they be not savage and neither will you be . treat this people as you would you own wife and you own child . neither be you free to take what you will ; for a seashell you give a bandana . you will respect they belief . pillage will be punish by the whip . rape by the sword . ext . village - sunset the smoke from fire . laughter . Music play . the indian have prepare food for the spaniard , who be drink and enjoy themselves in this strange world . columbus sit with mendez , pinzon , the indian chief , elder of the village . other indian stand around , smile , curious . the indian talk among themselves . the elder smoke primitive cigar -- and offer they , with good humor , to they guest . the spaniard cough and choke at first ... and laugh . in return , they offer the indian wine ... dog roam around the campfire . the women openly suckle they baby . the men be entrance . pinzon draw out attention , for the first time , to a small gold ornament on the nose of one of the indian . he point to it , indicate he interest in it . pinzon gold ...! gold ! the indian say the word in he own language , laugh . we see that some of the other indian also have small gold ornament . pinzon repeat the indian word for gold . the indian remove the ornament from he nose , give it to pinzon , who indicate that he want to have it . the indian nod -- but point to pinzon be dagger , indicate that he want it in return . pinzon shake he head , stop the indian from take it . columbus ( to pinzon ) give it to he ! pinzon look at he , about to argue -- but columbus insist . pinzon take out the dagger and offer it to the indian . pinzon ( irritate ) by God ! that 's the worst trade of my life ! his friend laugh . innocently , the indian have take it by the blade . he yelp , look down at the blood welling up ... a moment of tension ... then mendez laugh at he clumsiness , and the elder laugh too ... and the indian laugh . just outside this circle , we see the first indian we see , squatting on he haunch , watch . this be utapan . int . tent - dawn the first light outside -- the strange , wonderful sound of the jungle all around . columbus write in he journal . columbus ( v.o. ) October 21st , 1492 . I think we have return to eden . surely this be how the world once be , before the beginning of time . I believe no man will ever see this land again as we do , for the first time ... he look up . utapan be squatting in the doorway of the hut . he 's be there all night . columbus take more ink on he quill and begin to sketch utapan be face in the margin of he log-book . he draw well . he get up and walk over to utapan and show he the draw . it 's a electrify moment . utapan be shocked and amaze . at first he be rather frighten of he own image ... then he be happy , and laugh ... and columbus laugh with he and put a hand on he shoulder in a gesture of friendship . utapan get up , and indicate that he too have something he wish to offer . ext . jungle - morning utapan expertly scamper through the jungle . columbus follow he . utapan order columbus to sit . columbus obey . utapan look up at the top of the tree . the sun be rise , and filter through the foliage . as if the time have come , utapan stand up , and columbus do the same . a gap in the dense vegetation . something be glitter . gold . a mass of gold . as they approach , columbus discover -- a large pool of fresh water . the morning sunlight have turn the water into liquid gold . the surface ripple with the breeze . utapan smile . it the stranger satisfied ? be not this what he come for ? columbus plunge into the pool . as he emerge , he fill he palm with liquid gold . dissolve to : ext . river - day Wide shot -- a flotilla of canoe be go upstream . indian and spaniard be travel together in the canoe . utapan lead the expedition in columbus ' craft . the ship boy be cranium be shave like utapan be , and we notice that some other crew member be beardless , some even wear tribal pattern . ext . riverside - day indian villager confront the spaniard , utapan talk to a elder man , watch by columbus , mendez and pinzon . utapan repeat several time the word for gold , show some artifact . the old indian shake he head no , indicate another distant place . old indian Cuba ! Cuba ! the old man nod , point into the distance , chatter away to utapan . utapan say not here ! Cuba ! columbus what be it ? a tribe ? a island ? utapan Island . far. ext . santa maria - deck - day stand at the prow of the ship , he long dark hair float in the wind , utapan rejoice at the speed . ext . thick jungle - cuba - day led by utapan , the spaniard hack they way through thick jungle . it 's hard work . the men sweat . this be inhospitable terrain . even the noise of the jungle seem somehow more sinister ... CUT to : resting place - alonso be seat under a tree . he take off he boot , and grab he foot , examine the blister on he toe . as he put he foot back into the boot , he jump scream in pain . alonso yelp , grasp he ankle . close on a snake slide out of the empty boot . while he companion rush to he , a sailor spot the snake , and decapitate it with he sword . utapan glance at the dead snake . he then go and kneel -- he see the bite on alonso be ankle . columbus help he ! alonso be quiet and silent . his eye be look around at he companion . utapan shake he head . there be nothing he can do . alonso be now lean back , support by one of he friend . he have grab the forearm of a sailor . his look be already far away . his companion shout at utapan . sailor do something ! help he ! utapan he dead . alonso start convulse . he friend hold he , desperate in they helplessness . other simply move away , horrify . one of they cry . ext . river - day stand in the stream up to he thigh , a spaniard ( a gold expert ) examine some stone . he then look up at columbus and pinzon and just throw the stone back into the water without a word . the group of spaniard be rest , exhaust by the humidity . some be drink from the river , other soak bandanas , and tie they around they neck ... one after another , they stand up slowly -- they look discourage , tired , and beat . ext . mountainous jungle - day utapan and the spaniard be trekk in the hill . fully armed , they be now suffer intensely from the heat and the vicious insect bite . columbus doggedly keep up with utapan , who tirelessly trot forward . finally , columbus turn around and see ... nobody . he call out to utapan . columbus utapan ! wait ! utapan stop obediently , and rush back to columbus with comical energy . on they way back , they find one soldier sit , lean against a tree . he have remove he helmet . his hair stick to he forehead . as columbus and utapan walk back , they find another sailor , then another , then the whole group gather around pinzon . ashen , he burn with fever . he attempt a smile . pinzon well ... you will have to continue without I ... columbus look around he -- what he see : exhaust man and jungle , as far as one can see . columbus no . it 's enough . what would you say to a drop of jerez , pinzon ? pinzon grin . pinzon and a nice slice of Santa Fe lamb ! I would sell my soul for it . ( to he officer ) help I up . I have get to piss , gold . they all laugh as the officer help pinzon to he foot . pinzon walk a few yard into the jungle -- start to urinate . it be red . suddenly dizzy , he reel and collapse . ext . jungle - day a line of spaniard and indian thread they way down a mountainside . pinzon be be carry on a makeshift stretcher . his eye be close , he face thick with sweat . they enter a village , to the surprise of the indian . utapan once again at the front as the ambassador . int . hut - night a indian shaman be force a milky fluid into pinzon be mouth . columbus attempt a gesture to prevent he . but utapan stop he . utapan he cure . columbus nod -- he obviously trust utapan . int . chief guarionex be hut - night in the half - light , figure wreathe in smoke -- columbus , mendez and utapan watch the chief guarionex put a Spanish helmet on he head . the helmet be too big , almost cover he eye . the elder appraise the gift with solemn wonder . in return , guarionex hand columbus a parcel make of leave . columbus unwrap they . Inside : a gold grimace mask . the first real piece of gold . columbus be unable to conceal he excitement at this first real evidence of the metal . he wait for the chief to speak , but the chief only look at he . on the ground , we see other present offer by the spaniard -- trinket , and necklace ... utapan ( to Columbus ) you come ! you speak first ! columbus tell the Chief we thank he . utapan Chief know . columbus tell he he country be very beautiful . tell he we be leave man here -- to build a fort . utapan translate . columbus tell he we will return very soon . many of we . utapan translate . the chief guarionex ask a simple question . utapan Chief say -- how many ? columbus thousands . utapan why ? columbus do not seem to understand the question . for the first time he seem to be catch short . columbus to bring the word of God . utapan Chief say -- he have a God . columbus ( pursue ) ... and also to bring medicine . utapan Chief say ... columbus ( interrupt ) he have medicine . ( pause ) tell he we admire he people . utapan translate . utapan Chief say he know you like he ... ( search for the word ) woman ... and the chief get up , award columbus with a smile , and walk out of the hut , the elder follow , leave columbus alone . columbus ( with a little smile ) that 's a beginning ... ext . shore - day watched from the shore by the indian and by about forty of the spaniard , who be stay behind , the boat pull out towards the two remain ship . pinzon be laid out in the bottom of the boat . columbus , utapan , and four other indian be in the same boat . columbus ( v.o. ) March 1493 ... thirty nine of my man volunteer to stay behind . God willing we will be back in less than a year ... the boat continue to pull away , the figure on the shore grow smaller . CUT to : ext . columbus ' cabin - night close on : a golden mask ... the lamp in the cabin swing violently back and forth , create strange shadow , as if the mask be alive ... columbus be write with difficulty in he log-book . columbus ( v.o. ) ... several man be ill . we do not find sign of civilization . no city , no temple ... nothing that resemble Marco polo 's description . my ship be not fill with the spice and the gold that Spain be hope for . but this land intoxicate the sense like the strongest of perfume ... and all I can think of , be to return to this untamed land ... suddenly the cabin seem to lurch over . thing fall from the table , smash on the floor ... columbus nearly fall . ext . sea - night we be in the middle of a violent storm -- of terrifying proportion . the thunder be deafen . Light irradiate the darkness . we see the two caravel , dwarf by the massive seas . ext . deck - night five men be struggle to lash down the tiller . the deck jump and roll . it rise five meter into the air then fall into space and hit the water with a terrible crack . wave sweep over the deck . we hear desperate cry for mercy from the terrify crew , loud enough to be hear above the storm . columbus and mendez be crawl towards the mast , along a lifeline . columbus ( scream to the sailor ) get below ! all of you ! go ! the men start to scramble below deck . columbus ( to mendez ) stay with I ! the ship roll again . columbus and mendez crawl towards the mast . another gigantic wave crash over they , ton of water fall like cement . they reach the mast . the wood groan . columbus we may have to cut it ! mendez nod ... columbus grab some rope . the ship rise into the air again , crash down , the deck disappear beneath they for a moment . columbus ( scream out ) I will stay here -- to decide if we cut it . help I ! with mendez be help , columbus be tie to the mast : one rope under he arm , the other around he waist . mendez hand he a horn . columbus ( scream ) now go ! mendez seem to hesitate . columbus scream at he again . columbus I say -- below deck , mendez ! mendez crawl away . another huge wave wash over columbus . he emerge , almost suffocate . the storm rage , its eerie light make it seem at time like bright daylight . but as the lightning flash , columbus begin to count : columbus one ... two ... three ... four ... there 's a enormous thunderclap on " four " -- it indicate how close they be to the eye of the storm . the ship keel over again , drop down and down , seem never to rise ... columbus lift he head to the heaven , scream out : columbus damn you ! as if in answer , another flash of lightning that illuminate the sky and the sea . columbus start count again . columbus one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... another terrible clap of thunder on " five " -- columbus start laugh , know the storm be move on . then , in the strange light , something seem to move through the air towards he ; it look like some kind of projectile , a craft , with a trail of vapor . columbus stare up at it ... amaze . we start to hear the " Te deum " , majestic and heavenly . CUT to : int . cathedral of cordoba - spain - day columbus look up at the vast roof , to see a incense burner , swinging , glide swiftly across the ceiling , trail a think vapor of incense . a magnificent " Te deum " be be sung -- in honor of columbus ' achievement and return . the whole cathedral be pack with noble and dignitary in they gorgeous robe . beatrix , fernando and diego be stare in fascination at columbus ' triumph -- somewhat separate by the grandeur of this occasion . columbus pass by , walk proudly down the long central alley , beside king ferdinand and queen isabel and other grandee . he turn to he family , keep he eye on beatrix until she be out of he vision . the procession be follow by utapan , and other indian in tribal regalia ... as they move through the crowd , all eye be upon columbus . CUT to : int . room - seville ( pinzon be death ) - day in a simple room , a priest finish give the last rite and a sheet be pull over the head of martin pinzon . his wife and child weep at the bedside . CUT to : int . cathedral - day a stool pass from hand to hand . it be place at the Queen and King 's side . columbus sit on it -- a supreme privilege . to one side sit arojaz and sanchez . arojaz lean over to whisper to he . arojaz it will not be easy to get rid of you prophet now , Don sanchez . sanchez ( whisper ) on the contrary , you eminence . it seem to I the man be prepare he own cross . int . alcazar' palace in seville - dine room - night close on : the face of a young , spanish nobleman , adrian do moxica . hesitantly , he bring a light cigar to he lip -- then pause . we discover other people around the magnificent candle - light table . noble men and noble women . sanchez . columbus . queen isabel . columbus take the cigar from moxica . the rest watch he with rapt curiosity . columbus inhale deeply then , to they astonishment , blow out the smoke through he nose . columbus you must not inhale , but simply allow the palate to enjoy the flavor of the tobacco ... he hand the cigar back to moxica . with a casual air , moxica himself inhale deeply -- almost choke to death . he gulp down a glass of wine ... much to the amusement of the other . moxica ( deeply embarrassed ) and you say this be a indian vice ? by God ! I do not see any kind of pleasure that would make this a sin . columbus the Indians have no such word , Don moxica . isabel do they have such thought ? columbus they come and go as naked as the day God create they ... isabel blushes slightly . columbus they do not see sin in they nakedness . they live accord to nature , in a never end summer . the island be cover with tree , fill with blossom and fruit . and ... sanchez ( interrupt ) forgive I , Don colon . but what about gold ? columbus nod , turn and whisper something to a servant stand just behind he chair . the servant go to open the door -- and in come utapan , dress as a tribesman , carry a casket . the women around the table fan themselves furiously at the sight . utapan put the casket down in front of the queen , and step back . columbus this be gift for you majesty . isabel open the casket , revealing the gleam of gold inside . she take out some of the little golden ornament ... a bracelet and then the mask . she hold it , somehow move by its crude beauty . isabel raise the mask to she face , look across at columbus . the image be somehow powerful enough to reduce even the aristocrat to silence . she speak from behind the mask . isabel we be more than gratify . the guest laugh obsequiously . columbus bow a little -- look up and meet the eye of sanchez , who be stare at he , coldly . int . rotunda - day a sword master advance towards we with determination , he sword flash . he be fight a adversary we do not see , and comment he movement . master si! si! muy bien ! excellente ! ( yes ! yes ! good ! excellent ! ) we discover the sword master be fencing with columbus . a dozen duellist be practice in the magnificent rotunda , surround with a two - tiere colonnade . out of breath , columbus stop the exercise , and remove he protective canvas pad . he bow at he teacher , who salute he in return . columbus walk to a tressel laden with food and beverage . sanchez , in a fencing outfit and boot , be have a glass of wine . upon see columbus approach , he hand he a glass . sanchez you defend yourself admirably ... columbus ... for a commoner ? sanchez laugh and raise he glass . sanchez to you second expedition . they drink . a short , somewhat ugly man , with some kind of impose energy , approach they . sanchez Don colon -- Don alonso de bobadilla . a man who know we law . bobadilla bow . bobadilla I understand that you will soon be appoint governor for the island ? be it not so ? columbus forgive I , Don bobadilla -- that position have already be take . bobadilla ( disappointed ) May I ask by whom ? columbus bartolome and giacomo colon . sanchez look at he in surprise . bobadilla redden . bobadilla I trust they be man of quality . bobadilla glance at sanchez . columbus but we do have a lack of notary . you should contact my administration . sanchez ( amused ) Don bobadilla be already a judge , my dear Don cristobal . columbus good ! we be also in need of judge . except there be no thief ! a grin disfigure the face of bobadilla . bobadilla ( to sanchez ) I see I be mistaken . Don colon have no need for my service ... and he walk off . sanchez fill he mouth with a slice of ham . sanchez ( amused ) you seem to have a special talent for make friend . columbus what ...? do I have so many already ? sanchez ( seriously ) to rise so high , in so short a time , be a dangerous occupation . ( kindly ) a little hypocrisy go a long way . int . room - administration - day columbus with two men : the oldest , around thirty , be a strong - look man . the youngest , no more than twenty five , be thin and fit . there be obvious tension in the room . this be bartolome and giacomo colon , columbus ' brother . bartolome be angry , and giacomo thoughtful . bartolome you might have give we a choice ! giacomo bartolome be stronger , more capable than I will ever be ... columbus I need both of you . what be you afraid of ? we be live what we always dreamt of . giacomo you know I never share that dream with you . columbus be you say you refuse to help ? columbus look at they with such pain surprise ... bartolome ( amused ) you bastard ... you always have you own way ... columbus let I show you something . he open the door to a terrace . CUT to : ext . gallery - day the large gallery courtyard be crowded with people -- applicant for the voyage . as columbus appear , they all press forward , call out he name , try to get he attention , touch he sleeve as if he be a saint . they crowd around columbus and he brother . columbus nod , murmur vaguely , here and there ... columbus of course ... of course ... we will see to it ... yes ... thank you ... soon ... soon ... Fighting they way through , the bother press they way , reach the other side of the gallery . we get glimpsis of the incredible activity down below . administrator , militaries , merchant be busy around tressel cover with document , plan , map ... prepare the second expedition . columbus put he arm around they . columbus ( indicate the applicant ) now -- you tell I . who can I trust ? ( almost amused ) we be brother ! we must be a House . a bloodline ! in this country one can not exist alone ! I need you ...! both of you ! he walk then to the balustrade . the cry from the courtyard down below subside ... some of the applicant begin to look up , aware of he presence . soldier where be the Admiral ? have anyone see the Admiral ? everybody laugh . columbus he be here ! what be it ? he lean over the balcony . in the middle of the overcrowded courtyard , the soldier who be shouting be brandish a document . man Admiral ! the horse have arrive . columbus I know . I see they ! who do we hire today ? another assistant raise he eye . assistant thirty blacksmith , twenty eight halberdier , twenty carpenter , a hundred farmer , twenty miner ... and Doctor chanca , the royal surgeon . columbus the royal surgeon ? then we can count on royal health ! the whole courtyard burst out laugh . ext . orangery - viceroy' house - day utapan be lie in he hammock . fernando turn he over . utapan fall to the ground . columbus walk beside beatrix . columbus ( look at he son ) he 's grow up ! beatrix smile , nod . they walk on . columbus beatrix , I want to ask you something . beatrix ( with a smile ) you do not usually ask . columbus ( after a pause ) I can arrange for the Queen to take Fernando and Diego into she service . beatrix stop in she track , look at he . columbus it be a great honor . we could not hope for anything better . beatrix nod , but bite she lip , and look back at fernando . beatrix for once I wish you be not right . columbus put he arm around she waist , pull she closer , they move away . ext . far end of the orangery - day fernando be now swinging expertly in the hammock . utapan be push he gently . he slowly straighten up to watch columbus and beatrix disappear , somehow sense there be a dilemma . fernando notice utapan be reaction , turn to he parent . the arbor be empty . fernando become pensive . we become aware of the rustling of the jungle . slow dissolve to : ext . beach and edge of jungle - day fifteen hundre men spread along the beach , look towards the jungle . columbus stand beside he brother , and mendez , and utapan . moxica , astride a magnificent black horse , prance back and forth across the sand . all be wait . a signal cannon be fire from one of the ship . bird scatter into the air from the jungle -- but then silence , complete and ominous . columbus stare into the jungle . nothing . no one to greet they -- no welcoming party from the men they leave behind . columbus glance at mendez . mendez look at he , but can not answer . moxica suddenly spur on he horse , and guide it into the tree . the order be give for the rest to follow , fan out as they do so , weapon at the ready . ext . clearing - jungle - day ruin . the camp have be burn to ash . a strange sight : arrow be stick vertically into the ground , each with a molder tuft of human hair attach to the flight . in silence the soldier pick they way through the devastation . the ground be litter with coconut . kick one over with he shoe , a soldier discover that he coconut be actually a human skull . the gape mouth have be fill to the brim with gold . but of the live , there be no sign . moxica be this you new world , Don colon ? columbus look around in dismay . a young nobleman , hernando do guevara , take out he sword . guevara this animal should be show what savagery can be ! other spaniard join in , repeat this last word . nobleman Three head for every life take . no mercy before God ! guevara no mercy ! let 's find they . columbus no guevara . there will be no revenge . silence . everyone look at columbus . moxica we lose cousin , friend . we will wash this in blood . columbus if you want to keep you head on you shoulder , you will do as I say . they be all listen . columbus moxica , I lose friend too ... thirty nine brave man who trust I . he walk among they . columbus you want a war ? Fine . we be a thousand . they outnumber we by ten ! who will you kill ? which tribe ? moxica we do not need to know . columbus we come here to stay ! to build ! not to start a crusade . in this forest , there be enough danger to sweep we away in day ! so we will be brave and swallow we grief . and in the name of that who die , we will accomplish what we come for . ext . indian village - day moxica mount on he magnificent black stallion canter to the edge of the desert village and enter the village . utapan be terrorize by the absence of anything live . all we can hear be the breathe of the horse . the animal , a impressive mass of muscle , prance nervously . utapan call out in dialect . utapan they here . slowly , they begin to appear , one after the other -- materialize from the jungle . shy and scared . they stare at this " centaur " ( the horse and the horseman seem to be one -- a God ) . to impress they even more , moxica make the beast move sideways and backwards , rear , its front hoof paw the air . the indian retreat in terror , except for one , who stand he ground , brandish he lance . utapan encourage the young warrior to approach the centaur . he place he hand onto the shoulder of the animal . the muscle shudder . the indian jump back comically , accompany by the rest of the tribe . without warning , moxica climb down from the saddle . more indian step back in fear and absolute astonishment . now more have venture from the jungle . the bravest of they approach moxica , dare to touch he , and the horse , retreate then touch until they fill the compound . at this moment , columbus and he soldier appear all around they , point they musket , and they crossbow . a moment of tension . columbus walk forward , towards the chief ( guarionex ) we meet before . columbus ask the Chief what happen to my man ? the chief answer . utapan another tribe make war on they ... come by sea ... take they away ... brother buyl God have mercy on they soul ... moxica the monkey be lie . a pause . the spaniard shifting , eager for blood . moxica we should kill they , Don colon . utapan look anxiously at columbus . columbus no ...! you will do it my way . ( to utapan ) tell the Chief we will not harm he people , even though we have the power to do it . utapan translate . the chief listen in silence . columbus we will work with he people . we want peace . ask the Chief if he understand ? utapan he understand . columbus ask he if he will help . CUT to : ext . watermill and dam under construction - day it be raining hard . columbus be floundering in the mud , supervise a mix work - force of spanish and indian . they be attempt to raise the huge wheel of a watermill . despite columbus ' shout of encouragement , it 's clear the wheel be far too heavy and the mud too deep . Close by , on horseback , moxica watch the scene . columbus , plaster with wet mud , clamber out of the pit and approach he . columbus Don moxica -- we need you horse . moxica look down at the sodden , dirty figure . columbus we can not raise the wheel without it . moxica my horse do not work . a beat . columbus wipe some mud from he eye . columbus Don moxica -- we all have to work . moxica you do not hear I , Don colon . not my horse . he start to turn away ; columbus grab hold of the rein . columbus forgive I , Don moxica . but it be you horse I be talk about . a beat . moxica stare down at a equally determine columbus . then , in front of everyone , moxica have to dismount , and suffer the disgrace of it . columbus thank you , Don moxica . columbus lead the horse away . CUT to : ext . watermill and dam under construction - day harness , the horse pull , with columbus and the men . the wheel be raise into position . CUT to : ext . watermill and dam - day Water thunder into the new canal . the huge wheel begin to turn . the men cheer and congratulate each other . moxica look at he mud-splatter and foam horse , he eye full of hatred . ext . CITY of isabel - twilight a wide , high shot of the new " City " , dominate by a huge wooden cross -- no more than a muddy main street border by a hundred bamboo and stone shanties , with candle burn in the doorway . a main square with the Governor 's mansion , and the foundation of a church . in the twilight , columbus and the other worker return , dirty and tired . ext . veranda of moxica's house - twilight moxica and guevara sit out on the " veranda " , watch the men return . moxica raise he glass in a ironic salute . moxica to the Governor of the mosquito ! they laugh . we see the smoke and flame from a fire . four or five indian be squatting on the earth nearby , cooking for they , talk quietly in they own language . moxica call out something in they language , and a naked young indian girl come out of the house , bring more wine . guevara stare at she lasciviously . moxica , let he hand casually brush against she flank , smile at he . moxica do you want she ? he turn the girl round so that guevara can admire she properly . guevara nod . moxica let the girl go with a peremptory order , and she disappear back inside . guevara suddenly stand up -- unsteadily -- and sweeping he arm round in a broad gesture , say ironically : guevara to the new world , my friend ! to the new world ! int . dine room - governor's mansion - night in a already Spanish - colonel dining room , columbus be have dinner with he brother , bartolome and giacomo , serve by a indian woman -- nima . giacomo eat with gusto . giacomo ( as nima pour the wine ) nima 's a good cook ! bartolome she 's more than that ! see giacomo be sudden blush and discomfort , as nima smile at he , the other brother laugh . to cover he embarrassment , giacomo return to the topic of the food . giacomo what be it ? columbus eat ! I will tell you later . as he see bartolome stifling a laugh , giacomo pause . giacomo I would like to know what I be eat . columbus eat a mouthful , glance at bartolome . columbus iguana . a look of horror cross giacomo be face ; he wretch slightly , put down he fork , and gulp down some wine . the brother laugh again . columbus what wrong with it ? the Indians eat it ! giacomo I be not a indian . bartolome he wish he be back in the seminary . Priests always eat well . ( taste he wine , grimace ) and they have very good cellar . giacomo nothing grow here ! everything rot in the ground . the wheat and vine wither before we can harvest they . columbus we have get to learn to live like the Indians . ( pause ) eat you iguana ! reluctantly this time , giacomo go back to he dinner . ext . balcony - governor's mansion - night they be drink and smoking cigar . from the balcony they can see the dark mass of the jungle stretch away . giacomo be already doze in he chair . bartolome see it , and elbow columbus . they both smile at they young brother 's exhaustion . then columbus get up and lean on the balustrade , look down at the city , the jungle beyond . columbus how much gold have we find ? bartolome not enough to justify a single shipment . columbus perhaps it do not exist anywhere but in my imagination . bartolome then let 's hope not ... ( pause ) what will happen if we can not find enough gold ? they begin to hear the sound of a flute -- a melancholy sound . columbus look out over the jungle , and kill a mosquito by slapping he arm . columbus ( jokingly ) then I be Governor of the mosquito . CUT to : int . infirmary - CITY of isabel - night a indian be play the flute . in the gloomy interior of the long hut , in the most primitive condition , dozen of spaniard lie sick . on a segregated part of the room be the indian , several cough . they be attend by a doctor , doctor chanca , brother buyl , and other novice . a novice attend to a indian , gently lift he head , help he to drink -- there be so little they can do . brother buyl look down at the body of a spaniard , cover in open sore . the novice join he . brother buyl what kind of disease be this ? doctor chanca I do not know . it seem almost as if we have exchange disease with the Indians . they die of we most common cold , and we of they plague . brother buyl God forgive we ! CUT to : ext . royal hospital - courtyard - spain - day a man cover with sore be scream , thrashing in he agony . he be hold down , he voice muffle . isabel turn away , shocked . she be in a ward full of patient , attend by a doctor , sanchez and other member of she court . the patient be emaciate , they face and body cover with virulent sore . nun move between the bed . doctor it seem to be cause by intimacy with the native woman , you majesty . isabel will he survive ? doctor no , you majesty . they go mad -- then they die . there be nothing we can do . isabel look around at sanchez , appal . sanchez every ship return with a cargo of sick and die . but with no gold ! the new world prove expensive , you majesty . isabel we be not expect immediate profit , be we ? we must have faith . we must give time for time . sanchez bow in acknowledgement . but isabel , despite she word , look distress . ext . mine - new world - day excavation carve into a hillside . it be a blisteringly hot day . at the foot of the hill , giacomo sit at a table beneath a awning , with moxica and several clerk . one hundre fifty indian stand in line at the table . in turn , they hand over a small quantity of gold . the clerk weigh it on a scale , and note down each contribution . moxica impatiently gesture the indian to move faster with a thonge crop . a indian approach the table . he be nervous . he do not produce anything . the indian shake he head , gesticulates , start to speak rapidly . translator he say he have not find any ! moxica he 's lie ! again the indian plead and gesticulates . moxica hit he across the face with the thonge crop . the indian try to run away -- but be hold by a spanish soldier . moxica bring he here ! the frighten indian be bring back to the table . one of the clerk slip away . moxica tell he to put he hand on the table . like this ! CUT to : ext . other side of the site - day at the other end of the site , the clerk sprinting to giacomo , who be talk to a foremaster . clerk Don giacomo , you would better come at once ! ext . mine - day moxica turn , look back at the long line of indian , still passively wait . moxica tell they I want they to watch this ! the terrify translator speak to the indian . clerk do not moxica ! you can not ... CUT to : giacomo and the clerk run to the scene . CUT to : moxica ( to the clerk ) I can not ? I can not ? with a single swift action , moxica draw he sword and cut off the indian be hand . all hell break loose . the indian flee , disappear into the jungle . giacomo arrive at this moment . he stare at the dismember hand in horror . int . governor's mansion - evening a tribunal . sitting behind a table with he brother , and flanke by he council , columbus preside . moxica stand before they . columbus in one act of brutality , you have create chaos . tribes who be fight each other be now join force against we ! all that because of you criminal savagery ! moxica ( casually ) savagery be what monkey understand . columbus you will be hold in detention , deprive of you privilege and possession . until you be return to Spain where you will be judge . have you anything to say ? moxica ( with exquisite insolence ) you will regret this . he stroll to the guard at the back of the room . ext . barracks - night everything be quiet on the mine site . on the terrace , two soldier be drink in turn , and crack joke . one of they lean against the wooden wall . he laugh as he hear repeat bang behind he . CUT to : int . barracks - night a third soldier be fuck a indian woman against the wall . CUT to : ext . barracks - night on the terrace , he two companion laugh and encourage he effort . a whoosh sound . a arrow embed itself in the chest of the soldier who be lean against the wall . he be nail to the wood behind he . the other soldier stare at he , transfix , until a arrow pierce he throat . he collapse , unable to cry out for help . int . barracks - night four indian in full warrior outfit , they face paint , burst into the room . still busy with the woman , he eye face the wall , the soldier believe the intruder to be he friend . soldier ( without stop ) you animal ! can not you wait ! discover the four terrifying figure stare at she , the indian woman start scream and push back the soldier . he turn around , jump off the woman , and start to scramble to the front door , try to put on he trousers . the four indian catch he , and force he to lay on the ground . the man struggle , he eye roll in terror . two indian force he mouth open . a third one kneel and start stuff it with gold dust . the soldier choke and suffocate . the woman still stand half naked against the wall , terrify . a indian take he knife from he legging , slowly . she start sobbing and implore in she language . the indian slowly walk to she , and plant the knife in the lower part of she belly . ext . mine - day payr of bloody red leg hang still , high in the air . pull back , we discover : a dozen spaniard have be crucify on the scaffold of the excavation . some hand and nose have be remove . utapan be stand , uncomfortable among the spaniard . a soldier remove a huge iron nail from a wrist . one of the crucified body be gently laid on the ground . he be still alive -- not for long . columbus and bartolome be silent with rage . bartolome ( aggressively ) moxica be right . we way do not work ! bartolome turn to utapan . bartolome ( aggressively ) can you find they ? utapan look distraught -- this be the first time he be be ask to do something against he own people . he look up at columbus for help in confusion . columbus you have to find they , utapan . look what they do ! utapan you do the same to you God ! columbus be catch short . columbus we have to stop this war . utapan nod . he walk and take a arrow . he examine it . columbus do you know they ? utapan nod , uncomfortable . CUT to : ext . hill and valley - day around a campfire , two dozen indian be squatting . they be argue over a musket and some woolen hat they steal from the mine . click ! click ! the indian raise they head . all around they , crossbow and musket be point at they . two indian try to run away . they be shot . this sound triggers the spaniard ' response . they start shoot at random . utapan be horrify . columbus stand up shouting . columbus stop ! stop this ! CUT to : ext . governor's mansion - night moxica and a group of rebel ( guevara among they ) , silently approach the entrance of the mansion . a guard be stab and fall on he knee with a cry . int . columbus ' study - governor's mansion - night moxica tear columbus ' plan of the city from the wall . on the table , the model of the future city . watched by the other aristocrat , moxica set fire to the parchment he have roll up . he blow the flame from the torch onto the model . Fire race up and down the street of the miniature , as if burn the city of isabel . a mad gleam in moxica be eye ... ext . square of isabel - night the half - burnt remain of the mansion . columbus stand in the square , look up at it . behind he , he soldier , he brother and about thirty capture indian . giacomo walk slowly across the square . columbus look at he in disbelief . giacomo ( through crack lip ) moxica ... ext . river bank - jungle - dawn columbus lead he party of soldier through the jungle , look for the mutineer . they reach the river -- scan the far bank . nothing . columbus nod . his men start to enter the river , lead by a halberdier . other follow , wading across , they weapon hold above they head . a crossbow arrow pierce the halberdier . without a cry he fall forward into the water , and be carry away by the current . two more men be hit . one cry out , thrashes around in the water , a arrow protrude from he side . the river stain with blood . still no sign of the enemy . columbus ' men nevertheless start to return fire from the bank , create a shield ... other continue to wade across the river . a mutineer be shot down from the branch of a tree ... the first men come ashore . musket fire . a exchange of arrow . columbus be now wading across . the man next to he be kill , and carry away by the current . now , on the far shore , the enemy have show themselves . there be hand to hand fight , with sword and other weapon . moxica kill one of columbus ' man -- but he own be outnumber and outmatch . already , some be beginning to surrender . in the midst of the fight , columbus , sword draw , pull himself out of the river : a mutineer lunge at he . columbus kill he with a thrust of he sword -- and walk forward into the jungle . he spot moxica at the foot of a cliff . ext . jungle climb to cliff top - day moxica start scramble up the rock behind he , with columbus follow . the climb through the dense undergrowth be so exhaust , they be now almost climb in slow motion . ext . top of cliff - day moxica burst out of the undergrowth . he be at the edge of emptiness , sweep by a violent offshore wind . he turn frantically , to see columbus come up behind he . know he be lose , moxica regains he natural arrogance . he step backwards towards the edge . moxica you know what they will say in Spain about my death -- do not you ? he take another step backwards , as columbus move towards he . moxica you be nothing ! you bastard will never inherit you title . we be everything . we be immortal ! he smile , and step back into space . ext . rock below cliff top - day his body fall , bounce off the rock below , crash into the water . ext . top of cliff - day columbus stare down as he body be sweep away . CUT to : ext . square of isabel - day close on columbus ' expressionless face . CUT to : a mutineer -- he face be white , he be cry and tremble . his arm be tie behind he back . he be hold fast , a rope be put around he neck . columbus , sit not far away beside he brother , give a signal . drum begin to beat . brother buyl look on impassive . a grimace suddenly transform the young man be face . he be be garrot -- he throat crush with a rope . the young man be foot dance frenziedly . we hear the choke . the drum cease . brother buyl cross himself and murmur a prayer , deeply distraught . giacomo have cover he eye . a wider view show the body of three other aristocrat from the rebellion , attach to chair affix to a pole , they head straight , the rope still tight around they neck . justice have be do . the member of the council rise in silence , columbus stand up . CUT to : ext . isabel - quayside - day close on several large wooden cage . Inside we see the indian that columbus capture . they be pack together . they stare out with vacant eye . soldier guard they . a ship against the pier . buyl at he side , columbus stare at the indian . brother buyl I wish to go back with they , Don colon . I have no desire to remain in this godless place . columbus you may do as you please , brother buyl -- though you departure will not help I to make it more godly . brother buyl look at he , almost with astonishment . brother buyl you treat Christians equally with heathen savage . you execute member of the nobility . and what do you offer in return ? columbus ( quietly ) a new world , brother buyl . brother buyl nobody want one ...! only you ! and he walk away . ext . island - evening against the livid horizon , three black waterspout join the sky to the sea . a gust of wind disturb the roof of the jungle . int . governor's mansion - evening the wind grow stronger . Doors bang inside the building ... a melancholy sound . columbus sit on the balcony with he brother . they be silent . after a few moment , columbus begin to speak quietly , almost as if he be speak to himself . columbus perhaps hope only exist in the journey . when it begin , everything be still possible -- every expectation ; every dream ... the brother do not answer . columbus this be not how I imagine it to be . CUT to : ext . jungle - near isabel - night utapan begin to shave he head ... ext . balcony - governor's mansion - dawn the sky be dark and threaten , the wind even stronger . we find columbus where we leave he , but now alone . he have sit here all night . shutter bang violently . he look up -- and see a few yard from he : the naked figure of a indian , he face and body paint , stare at he . columbus realize who it be ... columbus utapan ! utapan be still and silent . a strange and mysterious figure now . columbus utapan , will not you speak to I ? you use to know how to speak to I . utapan ( sadly , in he own language ) you never learn how to speak my language . utapan be go . ext . square - dawn the wind be whipping the tree now , stronger and stronger . group of indian look up at the sky . then , above the sound of the wind , they hear another noise . like a collective murmur , almost in one voice , the indian repeat , over and over . indian urracan ... urracan ... urracan ... urracan ... ( the wrath of God ) with a loud thunderclap , the storm suddenly break . in a few second it have rise to violent proportion , and the landscape be drench in torrential rain . the wind double its strength ... and all hell break loose ... ext . CITY of isabel - day the hurricane be full force . tree be be rip up by they root . Rivers of mud be wash down from the hill , carry everything away in they path : house , cart , equipment , horse ... ext . mine - isabel - day the mine working flood with mud ... ext . approach to dam and waterfall - day columbus , bartolome and mendez struggle through the tooth of the hurricane towards the dam . ext . dam - day timber creak and strain . columbus , bartolome , mendez and a dozen other men be try to save the dam . suddenly , frighteningly , the dam begin to crash . columbus ( scream ) let it go ! let it go ! the men scramble away as the dam wall buckle , and burst open . Water flood over they ; a roaring torrent . from the bank , mendez , bartolome and columbus survey the ruin of they dream . CUT to : int . governor's palace - bedroom - day columbus be stretch out on he bed , in he devastate bedroom . a column of ant be thread its way across the floor , each ant carry a piece of leaf . rain fall over a table cover with document . columbus ' face be cover in dry mud . sanchez ( v.o. ) he promise we gold but have fail to find it . he subject the native to violence , provocation and injustice . he send they to Spain against the express wish of you majesty ... int . audience room - alhambra palace - day we be back to the first scene . in the vast , opulent , glitter room , isabel listen impassively to the voice of sanchez . also present , other grandee , representative of the church and state . sanchez ... but there be worse . he order the execution of five member of the nobility ... isabel be this true , brother buyl ? brother buyl yes , you majesty . it be all true . I see it with my own eye . a pause . isabel seem to struggle inwardly with she emotion . sanchez wait , expressionless , but on the point of victory . isabel then , what do you suggest , Don sanchez ? sanchez he must be replace . isabel and who would you think of , for such a task ? CUT to : ext . quayside - isabel - day we see a buckle shoe -- as it rise , it slip into a stirrup . the horse be mount . the shoe dig into its flank . the sound of hoofbeat ... sanchez ( v.o. ) I be think of a man . a devotee to you majesty . a man extremely motivate ... dissolve to : ext . street of isabel - day five men on horseback , dress in fashionable clothes , canter down what use to be the main street of isabel . through some have be rebuilt , the effect of the hurricane be still visible ... people look at they curiously . we see they stop near the Governor 's mansion . the men dismount and walk into the Palace . int . governor's mansion - day one of the men in black clothes remove he hat and step forward . we recognize he as alonso do bobadilla , the man columbus humiliate at the rotunda . columbus be sit at he desk , study plan with giacomo . some other member of the council be with they . bobadilla Don alonso de bobadilla . columbus yes ... I remember ... bobadilla turn , gesture to one of the other men , who come forward and give he a roll of parchment , bear the royal seal . bobadilla my letter of appointment . columbus appointment to what ? bobadilla viceroy of the West indie . columbus congratulation . then I be free to search for the mainland . bobadilla smile wickedly , happy to give columbus a low blow . bobadilla do not you learn ? the mainland be discover . week ago . by another italian . I forget he name . a man in black amerigo vespucci , excellency . columbus pale . then ... columbus how far from here ? bobadilla I be not a seaman . but I hear it be no more than a week at sea . I hope you be not too disappointed . columbus how could I be ? the mainland have be find . exactly as I say it would . bobadilla I be afraid this be not the worst news . CUT to : int . cell - seville prison - day all be dark . we can just make out columbus ' face as he lie on the hard bed . he be sweat heavily ; he beard be filthy and matte , like he hair . he look feverish . a key turn in the lock . the jailer let in two fashionably dress young men . columbus , blink in the light , turn he head to stare at they . his eye be reddene with infection at the corner . the young men come forward into the light . fernando ( quietly ) Father ? unable to believe it , columbus slowly sit up . columbus Fernando ...! my God ...! he laugh , overcome with joy . embrace diego . columbus a man ! Diego , how do this happen ? diego santangel be go to see the Queen . we be go to get you out of here . columbus good ! I have to go back ! diego and fernando look at one another , then back at columbus , incredulously , see he filthy clothes , he eye rimmed with dry mucus . diego go back ? there 's a new excitement in columbus ' voice . he walk over to the table . the candlelight illuminate map , chart , drawing , figure ... columbus I have to explore the mainland . fernando this time with I ! columbus laugh and diego look at they both in astonishment . diego in you present state it be madness , Father ! fernando glance at diego . fernando nobody be force you to come with we . diego be hurt . diego I can not go anyway . a pause . fernando she 's very beautiful ! the Queen have very good taste . Diego be get marry . diego seem sadden by he brother 's attitude . once again diego feel like the outsider . columbus hug he . columbus I be happy for you , Diego . int . alhambra - audience room - day like lucifer and Gabriel , santangel and sanchez sit on either side of isabel . santangel grant he fault . yes , a hundred time ! but the man be still remarkable . isabel look at he , then at sanchez , move but clearly undecide . santangel press he point . santangel all he ask be a chance to explore this ... mainland . sanchez it do not belong to he . santangel ( quietly ) in a way , it do , Don sanchez . ( to the Queen ) I beg you majesty to receive he . to hear he ... he will make no more demand . he have change . he be penitent . sanchez penitent ...? he be suing we for breach of contract ! isabel be he ? she start to laugh . isabel really ? santangel try to stop himself laugh . int . audience room - alhambra palace - day columbus be show into the room . isabel be wait for he . he drop to he knee before she . this time she walk towards he , clearly move by he white -hair , and other sign of physical deterioration . her hand hover over he head , as if it mean to console he . her hand be die to comfort . but instead , she offer she hand for he to kiss . isabel rise ... please ... columbus get slowly to he foot -- but he eye , as they meet hers , be as clear as before . isabel smile with relief to see it . he look back at she . columbus now I do look older than you . she smile -- then again , try to restrain it , and keep she dignity . isabel we have decide to allow you to undertake another voyage to the new world ... columbus start to interrupt ; she stop he with a gesture . isabel but without you brother . nor be you to return to Santo domingo or any of the other colony . you may explore the continent . columbus thank you . isabel there be one thing I would like to understand ... why do you want to go back , after all this ? columbus you majesty -- some man be content to read about thing . I must see they with my own eye . I can not be other than I be . she almost burst out laugh -- only pause , turn slightly , then go out . int . alhambra palace - room next to throne room - day sanchez be stand alone in the next room ; he have obviously be listen . he look at she . isabel I know , I should not tolerate he impertinence . sanchez then why ? isabel because he be not afraid of I . int . alhambra palace - corridor - day sanchez , in another direction , along a corridor , towards he office . as he reach a corner with a wide window , a hand seize he . columbus . sanchez all I have to do be call the guard . columbus call they . sanchez look at he -- and do not call . columbus let go of he . sanchez I be not afraid of you . you be nothing but a dreamer . columbus look out of that window . surprise , sanchez nevertheless turn , look out . columbus what do you see ? sanchez roofs ... tower , palace ... spire ... columbus all of they create by people like I . sanchez turn round again to face he . columbus no matter how long you live , sanchez , there 's something that will never change between we . I do it ! you do not ! columbus turn abruptly and walk away , vanish down the echoing corridor . ext . columbus ' manor house - day columbus dismount in the courtyard . everything seem desert . there 's no one about , no sign of life ... int . manor house - day columbus walk slowly through the great room . there be nothing leave : no furniture , rug , picture ... nothing . he turn , see beatrix stand in a doorway , look back at he . they be both move . columbus God ... you be so beautiful ! I can not believe no other man have ever take you away from I ... beatrix they try ... but I do not let they . she smile . they do not dare to touch . beatrix look round the empty room . beatrix they take everything ... columbus ( look at she ) not everything ... do you think I care ? I be a free man again . riches do not make a man rich , they only make he busier ... they laugh . there 's a pause . columbus God , how much I have miss you ! and they throw themselves into each other 's arm . CUT to : int . dine room - manor house - evening all that have be leave be a simple table and one chair . they be have supper by candlelight in the vast , empty room , though the candle throw a warm , sensuous glow on the fig and ham and wine ... and on they face , as beatrix sit on he lap . santangel ( o.s. ) one chair . one table . what more can a man expect , when he try to sue the Crown ? they laugh . with only a little embarrassment , beatrix get off columbus ' knee . santangel come forward , and columbus embrace he like a old friend . beatrix go to the kitchen . columbus I owe you everything , santangel ... but as you see , I can not repay you . santangel on the contrary . it be I who owe you everything . through you , I have be a adventurer , a explorer ! it 's true I shall never see the new world ... but it 's here ... ( he point to he head ) and here ... ( point to he heart ) columbus smile . beatrix return with a plate and glass for santangel . santangel what you be , colon , be a sailor , a discoverer , a man of imagination ... not a politician . you be not mean to govern -- you can not be all thing to all man . he take the wine beatrix offer , and raise he glass . santangel I wish you could have compromise . it would have make you life easier ... columbus but as least we have not be bored , have we ? they all laugh , and drink . ext . ship be deck - fernando's Pov - night night on the open sea -- the moon shine on the wave and we hear the creak of rope and timber -- the loneliness and mystery of the night passage . sailor' voice West ... southwest , Captain mendez ... mendez ( o.s. ) steady as she go ... columbus walk over to fernando , who be lean against the rail . he be smoking a cigar ... as the smoke blow over fernando's face , fernando wretch ... it 's clear he 's feel seasick , try to control it . columbus lean against the rail next to he , stare out at the darkness . then look at he son again . fernando will not give in to the sickness , but columbus know he would feel better if he do . columbus how be you feel , Fernando ? fernando ( in a strangle voice ) not bad . columbus nod meditatively , puff out some smoke . fernando wince , gag slightly . columbus ( almost casually ) you know what I always use to do ? fernando shake he head . columbus swallow a piece of pork fat on a string . it always work . at the think of the pork fat , fernando jerk he head over the side , and vomit copiously . columbus smile , pat he on the back . ext . ship' deck - day as it plow through heavy seas . columbus , a coat wrap around he , be sit on a chair topside , direct operation despite a obvious fever . suddenly a cry from the mast head : sailor ( o.s. ) tierra ...! tierra ! sailor and fernando rush to the side of the ship , peer through the spray . fernando wipe he eye , and then he see it : there in the distance , a speck of land . fernando and he father stand together , watch the low cloud formation sit on the horizon . columbus the mainland ... fernando look excited . discreetly , columbus watch he son , enjoy he happiness . ext . panama ( surreal image ) - day a most wonderful and surreal image . a heavy mist lie over the forest . we move above it slowly . a figure emerge from the mist . at first only a silhouette -- then , slowly , a golden figure ... a indian , cover in gold ... gold artifact , golden paste on he body . the golden figure turn , and point , into a unknown distance . ext . treehouse - day from the indian treehouse , columbus , fernando , mendez and several indian be gaze west over a necklace of magnificent lake . the indian point and talk gently . fernando have never see anything so fresh , so beautiful . ext . camp - sunset a magnificent sunset . a fire be burn , food cooking . columbus look over he map , try to figure out where they be . we see the outline of the continent of Asia . a old indian squat beside he , silent , also look at the map . then , slowly and very deliberately , he take a piece of charcoal from the fire and begin to draw on the map . ignoring the asian continent , he sketches the panamanian coastline -- a isthmus . mendez and fernando gather round . columbus watch the old indian with initial puzzlement , then grow excitement . mendez what 's he do ? columbus he 's draw a isthmus ... he 's say we be on a isthmus . mendez we can not be . fernando be still confuse . the old indian continue to sketch , talk quietly all the time . a indian translator listen . columbus tell I what he 's say . translator he say -- water on the other side . columbus ask he if he mean a lake . a big lake . the translator ask . the old indian shake he head , laugh , point to the west , way beyond the other lake , emphatically . translator no . say that be lake . Water on other side big -- as wide as here . above and below , much land . columbus ( stunne ) a ocean ...? he 's say it 's a ocean ? fernando I do not understand . columbus be too stunne for a moment to explain . the indian laugh . then columbus take the charcoal , and begin to draw on the map , for he son . columbus here be Europe ... and over here , the continent of Asia . but there 's something in between ! another continent ! we have find ... another continent ! fernando stare west , then back at he father . columbus look very feverish , he face bath with sweat . fernando Father ... columbus there must be a passage to that other ocean . CUT to : int . ship - columbus ' cabin - night columbus , feverish , lie on the bunk . he shiver violently . fernando anxiously watch over he , bathes he eye . suddenly the translator enter . translator I help . a little reluctantly , fernando let he go to he father . the indian crouch over the bed , take out a handful of leave from a pouch . he chew the leave himself for a moment , until they form a sticky pulp , then open columbus ' mouth and put the pulp inside , encourage columbus to chew with the motion of he hand . columbus chew , quickly fall asleep . ext . moonlit vision of vast land Mass - night we see thing from columbus ' hallucination . we be plunging through layer of cloud , the speed accelerate , give we a sicken sensation of fall to land , closer and closer ... columbus wake up with a jolt . everything be silent . columbus walk outside . ext . deck - night columbus ' fever have subside . he raise he head and stare at the mainland pass in the night . he smile . CUT to : ext . jungle and BAY - high wide shot - day the roof of the jungle , the bay beyond , the caravel at anchor . CUT to : ext . river - day two canoe go upstream , deeper and deeper into the jungle . ext . jungle and village - day smoke rise lazily above the tree . CUT to : the boat reach the bank . the first hut of a village . the soldier spread out into the empty village . fernando , columbus and mendez precede by two armed soldier enter one of the hut . the remain of a meal be still warm in bowl on the matte floor . a famish soldier dip he hand in one of the bowl and devour its content : some kind of stew . stepping back accidentally , fernando bump into a large earthen jar behind he . it roll and crash , revealing the remain of meat marinate in liquid . there be something disturbing about the appearance of the content . fernando oh my God ... the remain of human being . columbus ( approach ) what be ...? he stare at the remain , stunne . the soldier stop chew . he drop the half - empty bowl he be still hold . he run at the back door , ram he finger deep in the back of he throat , and vomit . soldier oh virgen Maria ... oh madre de dios ... ( oh virgin Mary ... oh mother of God ... ) but as he vomit and cry , he notice : a headless human trunk spread open , like a sheep carcass . disturb fly rise in cloud . soldier Jesus , Maria , y todo los Santos ... ( Jesus , Mary , and all the Saints ... ) CUT to : columbus and the spaniard meet in the center of the village . all have make the same horrific discovery . columbus ( urgently ) out ! get out ! the spaniard back out of the village , crossbow point at the invisible enemy hide in the jungle . they be run through the dense forest for the river bank . the cannibal materialize among the tree , run alongside . bound , skip , frightening figure , they brutal face paint in black . they release arrow at the run soldier . a soldier stop , kneel to the ground , fire he crossbow and kill one of the cannibal ... but he be pierce by a spear . two cannibal drag he and cut he throat to finish he . elsewhere in the jungle -- cry and confusion , spaniard and cannibal move in hand to hand combat . a cannibal come sprinting at fernando , brandish he lance . columbus jump on the man , and plant a knife in he abdomen . blind in sweat , he stab the cannibal , who collapse . frenzied , columbus stab over and over again . he stop and look at he forearm -- soak in blood . shock by he own fury , he raise he hand and stare at it . a giant black butterfly alight gently on he bloody finger , columbus stare fascinate at its palpitate wing . fernando , scream at he father , drag he to he foot . they run ... CUT to : the spaniard , columbus , mendez , fernando ... all run hard to the boat . arrow whistle around they as they leap into the canoe , nearly capsize they , launching they into the current . some cannibal still follow they along the riverbank . but the canoe be faster , and soon , they be leave behind . ext . ship at sea - day Endless seascape , the caravel plow . ext . ship' deck - day fernando be crouch on the poop deck , wrap in a blanket . he seem in a state of shock : he be pale and shaking . as columbus go and sit near he son , he hand he a flask of alcohol . columbus ( kindly ) take it . come on . drink . as columbus insist , brandish the flask , fernando notice that he hand be shaking too . his father be forehead be drip with sweat . fernando drink a gulp and grimace . he drink again and hand the flask back to he father , who do the same . fernando notice dry blood on he father be finger . columbus immediately hide he hand and stand . columbus I ... I have to see mendez . then , with sudden anger . columbus you brother be right . I should have never take you with I . I will never forgive myself . never ! he walk a few step , lurch , and have to lean against the rail . he raise he hand to he eye , grimace in pain , as if they be burn . fernando scramble to he foot and rush to he . columbus ' eye be already fix somewhere -- fever be eat he up . columbus will you ever forgive I ? fernando turn around for help . columbus Captain mendez ! int . ship be cabin - day columbus be lie on he couch . fernando be bathing he eye , sweeping off the pus that continuously form in they . columbus be drench in sweat . CUT to : fernando be write under he father be dictation . columbus I come to you highness with honest purpose and sincere zeal . I do not undertake this voyage for honor or wealth -- that be certain . after year of service to the Crown , I do not have a roof to put over my head ... you majesty allow I to explore the continent , believe to be Asia . I now believe that it be a new land , of unknown proportion and wealth ... life have more imagination than we carry in we dream ... dissolve to : int . alcazar palace - garden - day the duena , sit beside isabel , quietly continue to read columbus ' letter aloud . duena " I should be judge as a seaman who by Divine will discover a New World , and thereby place it under the sovereignty of you majesty . I humbly beseech you majesty that if it please God to remove I hence , you will help the name of Columbus to be remember with honor ... weep for I , whoever have charity , truth and justice . " she stop read . isabel turn she face away . int . university of salamanca - day a ivory -sculpture hand -- the end of the back scratcher belong to arojaz -- indicate a line across a large globe : the route between Europe and America . arojaz ( o.s. ) the sunset route to the new continent be now well - establish ... we see a large amphitheater , fill with people attend a lecture of " nova geographica " -- the new geography . arojaz stand in front of the assembly . facing he , enthrone , be king ferdinand , surround by courtier , include sanchez . we slowly move across the arena , pass attentive face . arojaz ... West by south west for 750 league to Santo domingo . from there , west north west , leave San Juan to the north , reach the island of hispanola on the northern cape of San raphael ... then onto the mainland , at the cape call gracias a dios ... we continue to rise up the tier of seat ... arojaz Spain -- by you majesty 's grace -- have confirm for all humanity the existence of a unknown continent ... tierra incognita ... on a high tier , we stop on the face of christopher columbus , listen impassively . arojaz ... this continent be first discover by a sailor commission by you majesty ... close on columbus ' eye . arojaz his name ... amerigo vespucci ... on columbus . ext . university of salamanca - day around the king , on horseback , surround by the knight , a crowd be keep back by soldier . arojaz be mount he horse . sanchez be wait for he . columbus stand among the student at the back of the crowd . CUT to : arojaz ride next to sanchez . arojaz suddenly spot columbus in the crowd , as they move off . arojaz my God ...! I think he be dead . they pass close enough to touch columbus . but he do not see they . sanchez you can see for yourself . arojaz what a tragedy ... what a waste of a life ... sanchez a waste ...? let I tell you something , arojaz . if you name , or mine , be ever remember -- it will only be because of he . arojaz look at sanchez in surprise -- then crane he neck round , and look back at columbus -- now a face in the crowd . ext . LA rabida monastery - kitchen garden - day ANTONIO do marchena , a very old man now , be take a siesta next to he grape . he be sit in a simple armchair , a rosary wrap around he finger . the presence of someone wake he . after a moment , he recognize columbus and smile . both men be very move . marchena I suppose we be both old man now . columbus you will always be older than I , Father . they laugh . columbus sit down . be drine lazily in the sunlight . columbus have you ever forgiven I ? marchena nod he head . marchena yes . I forgive you a long time ago . you see , I be proud of you . you be like a willful child . you would not accept what other tell you . you have to find thing out for yourself , hurt yourself -- and other -- in the process . marchena look at he plant , sigh contentedly . marchena do you remember when you say that people talk about the world , but never leave they garden . columbus nod . marchena more than ever I wonder what it be we do achieve by leave we garden ... the world change -- and yet it seem the same . we find new world , but fill they with the same people ... he pause , look across at columbus , smile again gently . marchena , tiring , lean back in he chair , and look up towards the sun . columbus I have to disagree . marchena I know you would . columbus New world create new people . marchena oh ? so you be a new man ? columbus I do not know ... I have the impression that I do not change that much . I still can not accept the world as it be ! marchena start laugh . marchena God bless you , and that like you ! they both laugh . ext . beatrix' house balcony - evening fernando be sit in front of he father , examine document and letter . columbus have wrap a shawl around he leg . he look even older now , with he mass of pure white hair . beatrix come out with a tray , carry grape and a decanter of water . she place it on a small table near columbus and touch he shoulder . as she be ready to return inside the house , he hold she back . columbus can not you stay with we a little ? beatrix I be busy inside . he smile . she look at he smile , intrigue . beatrix what be it , now ? tell I ... columbus I can not keep my eye off you . I would like to catch up with all the moment I do not spend with you . fernando look up at they above he letter , amused and slightly embarrassed . columbus look at he with a fake air of reproach . columbus what be you listen to ? fernando I be not listen , Father . but I can not help hearing . fernando open a letter and read it quickly . fernando it 's Diego ... he be at the Court , with santangel ... he say they hope to get you privilege restore ... and maybe the house . columbus smile and nod -- all this seem to be of very little importance to he now . columbus but how be he ? and dona Maria ? fernando continue to read . fernando Fine , it seem . Diego be think of start a pearl trade , in Santo domingo ... he say he receive many letter for you . some of you man , mostly . he open one of they , glance at it . fernando this one be from mendez ! columbus ' eye brighten with joy . columbus what do he say ? fernando he ask when he can come to visit you . he leave he address . columbus ( smile ) he never have one ... except aboard my ship ! fernando laugh -- then , suddenly serious . fernando I want you to tell I everything you remember , Father . from the beginning . everything . columbus really ? ( pause ) God ... I would not know where to start ... and yet ... fernando tell I the first thing that come to you mind . columbus sigh , and lean back on he chair . his eye be fix somewhere , search . then , almost in a murmur . columbus I remember ... we see the page . fernando write : ... I remember ... a drop of ink fall from the quill onto the page and the word . fernando be wait . CUT to : columbus ' eye . CUT to : ext . beach and jungle - first landing - day a moving image , as see from the roll deck of a ship . we see : a majestic forest , rest on a slash of white sand , and deep blue sea ... music begins : the lone silhouette of a indian emerge from the dense foliage . he run down the beach towards the surf . he stop and seem to be stare at we . this word appear on the screen : the biography fernando wrote about he father be found by chance in venice . its publication in 1571 contribute to restoring the name of christopher columbus , which have be forgotten . in 1511 diego columbus became governor of santo domingo . columbus rest in the cathedral of seville , in andalusia . end and credit .