fade in on the word czech airline . we be pan across the word on the side of the plane . int . airplane angle down on a tray table . crumple Czech bill and coin be on it . hand be count the money . the airline hostess announce the arrival at JFK - in czech . a hand reach into a breast pocket - pull out two passport . one be open . belong to emil slovak . the next passport belong to oleg razgul . the hand pass the oleg razgul passport to the man next to he . we notice several empty airline bottle of vodka and a small disposable camera on oleg 's tray table . the passport be set down . oleg pick it up . we hear emil 's voice in czech . the scene be subtitle in english . emil ( v.o. ) just do what I do . say the same thing I say . do not open you mouth . oleg ( v.o. ) okay . int . passport control - kennedy airport - day camera dolly down a long line of passenger . they be split into two line - one for Americans , the other for visitor . camera finally arrive at emil slovak . a unshaven Czech in he mid-30's . tall , scraggly beard . pierce blue eye . he 's dress in a outdated suit . his eye be alert , cun and smart . oleg razgul , stand in line behind emil . oleg be big . not tall - but wide . a wrestler 's body . emil look at oleg . ( the follow be in czech and subtitle in english . ) emil do not fool around . oleg okay . oleg hold up he disposable camera - at arm length - to take a picture of himself . emil do you hear what I say ? oleg I want to document my trip to America . immigration officer next . ( emil step up ) could I see you document , please ? emil yes sir . he hand the passport to the officer who run it through a image swipe . emil glance furtively back to oleg . immigration officer what be you intend purpose of you visit to the United States ? emil two week holiday . immigration officer how much money be you carry with you ? emil I have five-hundred dollar . immigration officer can you show I ? Sir , no camera in the fis area ! oleg be about to take a picture of emil and the Immigration Officer . oleg put the camera away . smile sheepishly . immigration officer ( cont 'd ) ( to emil ) be he with you ? be you travel together ? emil yes . immigration officer please join we . ( to oleg ) come on forward . emil be there a problem ? immigration officer no , you be travel together . I want to talk to you together . hi , how be you ? can I take a look at you document ? ( take oleg 's passport ) be you related ? oleg yes ...he 's my friend . immigration officer okay . you be a Czech national and you be a Russian national . how do you know one another ? oleg start to speak , but emil cut he off . emil we be both from Prague . immigration officer ( to oleg ) how long be you plan to stay ? emil two week . immigration officer I would like to speak for himself , okay ? emil he do not speak English . oleg I speak English . immigration officer ( to oleg ) then answer my question . where be you plan to stay during the two week that you be here ? oleg New York . immigration officer yes , we be in New York now . but where be you plan to stay in New York ? oleg a cheap hotel . immigration officer what be you come here to do ? oleg I be here for movie . immigration officer movie ... to be in the movie or to see movie ? oleg yes. no. both . when I be a boy , I see movie at school call " it 's a wonderful life " direct by Frank capra . ever since I want to come to America . land of the free . Home of the brave . a land where anyone can be anything . as long as they be white . immigration officer Excuse I ? emil he make joke , bad joke . first time on airplane ... the supervisor come over to see what the problem be : immigration officer well , they have get valid visa , but they do not have much money . uh ... and I be not ... uh , I think there 's a possibility they may be come to live and reside . supervisor look how long the line be . we gotta move them out . I will take they down to secondary . emil look at oleg , piss . int . p.b. herman' restaurant - day the place be empty except for one table at the end of the bar . eddie flemming , Manhattan 's most famous detective , and he savvy , black partner , leon jackson be have cocktail . Eddie be smoothly handsome , tough , smart and tired . not only be he the best homicide detective Manhattan have ever see , he 's continually mention in New York column and have be the subject of several magazine article . there 's even be a tv movie about one of he biggest case . Leon have be with Eddie a long time and be also feature in the tv movie . sitting with Eddie and Leon be ROBERT hawkins , host and star reporter for the tabloid show , " top Story . " hawkins be also the best in the business and have deal with they all : joey buttafuco and Amy Fisher , lorena bobbit and oj . wait staff bustles in the b.g. do the morning set up . hawkins listen as Eddie , cigar in hand , finish a " war story " and a vodka tonic at the same time . eddie so we be waitin ' to hit this warrant - we get emergency service with the heavy weapon standin ' by - ready to go . I say , lemme get a cigar outta the car . I go to get the cigar and boom ! all the sudden I turn around and a kid with a shotgun let one go . right where I be standin' . that coulda be it . I coulda have my head blow off and for what ? some stupid kid get panicky , take the safety off and it 's over . if I have not go back for that cigar - for a bad habit - I would have have my head blow off . hawkins Jesus Christ . paulie , the owner , walk up . paulie speakin ' of bad habit , everybody okay ? hawkins another martini . leon coffee for I , I gotta slow down . eddie vodka tonic . leon ( rethink it ) maybe you could just put in a shot of martell ? paulie take the drink off the table and a empty bottle of vodka . leon ( cont 'd ) ( of Eddie 's story ) it be freaky , I will tell you . stupid kid . eddie what 's the kid gonna say - sorry ? meanwhile I be not here anymore . like last week - we be at the morgue and this guy be all chop up - spleen here - liver there - he heart in a pan . six hour ago this guy be walkin ' he dog or buyin ' a quart of milk . who know ? but some kid 's rob he for $ 3 or some shit and shot he and now you can not tell if he 's a piece of beef or a human be and I be thinkin ' that 's I . sooner or later . that 's I . hawkins sooner or later that 's everybody . eddie not chop up . not chop up like that . I mean , what do I get leave ? coupla article . a medal or two . plaque here and there and in a coupla year no one remember I anymore . hawkins I think you be get a little moody there , Eddie . eddie I be not moody . hawkins and Leon share a look . hawkins be not he a little moody ? leon of course he 's moody . he think he 's in love . hawkins in love ? with who ? paulie deliver the drink and set some cigar on the table . take a seat next to Eddie . Eddie ask hawkins . eddie how old be you kid ? hawkins my kid ? let 's see ... Susan 's 15 . aundrea 's 9 . do not tell I you be think about have a kid ! how old be you ? never mind . let I just tell you this : every stupid cliche you hear about kid - they change you life , they make you a better person , they make you whole ... ( beat ) it 's all true ! before I have kid when friend talk about they kid , I want to vomit . now -- I get it . be I right , Leon ? leon absomotherfuckin'lutely . you can have all three of my ex-wive . but somebody so much as look sideways at my four girl -- I would kill them . ( take out he wallet ) you have not see my youngest have you ? as he hand picture to hawkins he cell phone ring . leon ( cont 'd ) yeah ? hawkins paulie , you have get kid , right ? paulie my kid do not talk to I anymore but they be great when they be young . leon ( into the phone ) sure it 's he ? great ! ( collapse the phone ) unique 's home . they all rise from the table . eddie paulie , I need the cure . paulie step into my office . Leon and hawkins sit back down as Eddie and paulie leave . hawkins so you get you kid listen to Opera ? you still sing in the church on the weekend ? int . secondary immigration office - day now other officer be question emil and oleg . they have be there a while . the secondary officer be look oleg . secondary officer okay . you work in a vodka factory . I understand that . ( to emil ) and what kind of work do you do ? emil I be butcher . secondary officer you be a butcher ? what do you use pig intestine for ? emil you stuff sausage in it . secondary officer and what do you do with the bone ? emil Dog food . emil look at oleg . blame he stupid response at passport Control for they detainment . secondary officer be you marry ? emil no . be you propose ? angle up through a thousand ice cube . a face plunge towards we ... int . mens room Eddie have he back to we as he dunk he face into a sink full of ice . he dry he face , look into he bloodshot eye . present a small black ring box to the mirror . eddie will you marry I ? wanna get marry ? what be you doin ' Saturday ? Leon enter . Eddie turn . eddie ( cont 'd ) I be gonna propose . leon when ? eddie tomorrow . at lunch . leon you ready ? Eddie lean back and drop some visine in he eye . turn . eddie the thrill of the hunt . I love it . ext . time square - day oleg and emil stare at the bright light - all the nonstop action . each stand with a old suitcase . oleg ( in Russian ) look. Times Square . just like in the movie ! emil ( in Czech ) do not speak Russian ! oleg ( in Russian ) why ? why do I always have to speak to you in Czech ? emil ( in Czech ) because I do not like you ugly language . I hear enough of it in school ! now speak Czech or English . and do not fool around anymore . you almost get we throw out ! emil pull out a envelope with milo ' address on it . this be who they come to see . emil hail a cab . oleg be stare inside a camera store - at himself on a monitor . a videocamera 's point out in the street . oleg look . New videocameras . Color viewfinder . image stabilization . solarization . night vision . emil we have no money . come on . oleg stare at the videocamera - die to have one like this . emil slide into the cab . cabbie where you wanna go , buddy ? emil pull out the post-marked envelope . point to the return address on it and pass it through the slot to the cabbie . emil here . emil look out the window - no sign of oleg . then , oleg hurry out the camera store , grip something inside he coat . he fling both suitcase in the trunk , slam it shut and jump in the back seat . he open he jacket - pull out the videocamera he just steal . emil ( cont 'd ) go ! oleg smile sheepishly at emil . ext . spanish harlem - day Eddie 's car pull up . Eddie , Leon and hawkins get out . hawkins so what 's unique ? eddie not what . who . Eddie pass hawkins a Polaroid - of a woman on a bed - cover in blood . eddie ( cont 'd ) he 's from Antigua . his girlfriend be take too long to put she make - up on . they be late for a party . stabbed she with a beer bottle . hawkins that 's unique . eddie yeah . and he still go to the party . Leon move to a lookout - give he a twenty . lookout top floor . back room . eddie yeah . I make big case , they make the news and I look good . but the problem with become a star be downtown . they shoot at star . now be quiet . shhh . as they reach the doorway - Eddie surprise two crackhead . wave they off . they hurry away . eddie ( cont 'd ) I hope this prick do not run . my knee be kill I . stay behind I . hawkins you be worried for my safety . I be touch . Eddie flatten against the building - watch unique descend the fire escape . hawkins ( cont 'd ) ready ? eddie keep they out of my way . hawkins okay . you ready ? eddie yeah , yeah . Jesus . Eddie close in . hawkins ( into he cell phone ) come on ! come on ! you fucking guy , let' move it ! unique be climb down the fire escape - before he get to the bottom , Leon burst through a door behind he and kick the fire escape , send unique fly into the alley . where he land drop he gun . Eddie pull he off the ground as Leon scoops the gun up . eddie what 's you rush ? go to a party ? unique why you chasin ' I , man ? eddie I do not know . you always come outta you house that way ? unique it 's not my house , man . I do not live here . eddie well , sound like burglary to I . Leon cuff unique who recognize Eddie . unique I know you man . a unmark van come tear into the scene . disgorge a mini-cam team that start filming but they miss the bust . hawkins ( to Eddie ) any chance we can do that again ? eddie again ? I do not wanna do it the first time . ext . east side - late day the cab be in front of a old five-story brownstone . oleg get the bag out of the trunk as emil tuck the envelope into he jacket , then step up to the old building . he look back at oleg - who 's videotaping he . emil turn that off ! get the bag . oleg why should I carry you bag ? I be not a dog . emil for five year I pay for you stupidness - you will carry my bag for the rest of my life if I say so . ( challenging ) unless you refuse , oleg . oleg look at emil . even though oleg be stronger than emil , he fear he . he pick up both bag . emil search the occupant list over the buzzer to the apartment building . emil ( cont 'd ) there . 5rw . emil push ten of the buzzer except 5rw . a buzzer click and emil push it open . int . milo ' apartment build - stairwell - day the brownstone have no elevator so emil and oleg climb the stair ... oleg cradling he camera . emil notice a crack pipe on the floor and pick it up . smell the bowl . oleg what ? emil smell like chemical ... for smoking drug . emil pocket the pipe and climb to the top floor , move down the dirty hallway to a corner door . int . milo ' apartment build - hallway - day he knock ... footstep approach . the door be open by milo - a 40 - year - old Czech , dress in stain plumber overall . he be surprised to see emil and oleg in he doorway . oleg film he ... milo emil ???! emil surprise ! surprise ! milo shoot a look across the tiny kitchen to tamina , he comely wife . int . milo ' apartment - continuous emil push he way inside . oleg follow . milo wear plumber overall but emil notice sport a rolex . tamina have on a fade dress but despite they cheaply furnish apartment she wear a expensive brush gold necklace , bracelet and big pearl earring . the room be furnish with kitsch from Disney World and Las Vegas . the only anomaly be a huge sony trinitron home entertainment CENTER . ( the follow be in Czech and subtitle in English . ) emil you sister say she do not know where you be so you should not write to she with return address if you be hide . milo do you hurt she ? emil you know I ... I never hurt anybody . where 's the money ? oleg hello , tamina . oleg be look tamina over . milo - though scared - bark at oleg . milo take you eye off she , oleg ! ( to emil ) look . it be not my fault you two be catch . ( of oleg ) it 's he fault . try to get the bank clerk 's phone number ?! I be not go to wait !!! emil milo . get my money ! oleg videotape the scene . close on a ajar door all we see behind it be a woman' face and she wet hair - she obviously come from the shower and we see the towel wrap around she . milo ( nervously ) we spend it ! emil ha. ha . milo look at the way we live . I be a plumber . you think I would be work if I have money ?! emil , piss , move to a wood block and pull out a kitchen knife . he grab tamina roughly , put the blade to she throat . milo ( cont 'd ) emil . put down the knife . milo look at he wife - who be terrify . milo ( cont 'd ) emil . I will help you . milo close the gap between he and emil - try to calm he by talk softly . milo ( cont 'd ) I can get you a job . emil a job ? milo yes , the money be good . emil as a plumber ?! milo it 's easy to learn . emil a job ?? as a plumber ??? you think I come to America to work ! milo we start over , you can too . emil ( furious ) you spend all the money while I be in prison ? now you tell I to get a job fix toilet ?!? emil pull the knife away from tamina - then angrily plunge it toward milo ' chest ! oleg videotape it . then lower the camera - shocked that emil kill milo . blood spray tamina 's face . she try to run but oleg grab she , not notice she brush gold bracelet fall to the floor . he cover she mouth as he point the videocamera at emil who stab tamina - absolutely enraged ! the woman behind the door flee ... emil hear noise in the bedroom - a window open . emil kick the bedroom door open . see the window lead to the fire escape . he dash to it . see four flight down - the woman , wear a summer dress . barefoot . her hair still wet . she look up . she be beautiful and terrify . she run down the alley . emil ( cont 'd ) she see ! emil hurry toward the bathroom . she just get out of the shower . her underwear and purse be drape over a chair . emil grab the purse . find a czechoslovakian passport . he open the cover , stare at she photo and name . emil ( cont 'd ) daphne hanlova . there 's one stamp in the passport - from the U.S. when she arrive - June 16 , 1998 . underneath be write - 6 month stay . emil flip through the rest of the passport - all blank page . emil ( cont 'd ) six month visa . still here two year later . they will deport she if she go to Police . emil pocket daphne 's passport and wallet , scoops up she shoe and jacket - enter the kitchen and dump they on the floor . he tear through the kitchen cabinet , throw can and bottle aside . oleg what be you look for ? emil find nail polish remover - look at the body . emil I be go to make a bohemian barbecue . emil draw the kitchen curtain plunging the room into darkness . ext . central park - night a face come from the darkness . it 's a athletically handsome man , jogging out of a tunnel towards we . he 's in a tie and jacket in Central Park at night . he be jordan ( jordy ) warsaw . a sensitive man of rugge honesty . he run down the hill in a hurry . a mugger step in he path . mugger get any spare change ? how ' bout a spare twenty ? jordy look , I do not have time for you , get out of my way !! mugger alright , how ' bout all you fuckin ' money ? the mugger pull a knife - and in a whirl of movement , jordy grab he wrist and disarm he in a deadly , professional manner - hurl he down to the pavement , twist he arm behind he back . with he other hand , jordy whip out a browning 9 mm from he shoulder holster and place it behind the mugger 's head . jordy display he shield . jordy okay , you be under arrest ! now you happy ? mugger Fire Department ? firemen do not carry gun . jordy oh yeah ? guess again . jordy handcuffs the mugger and search the mugger 's coat pocket - pull out a handful of driver 's license and credit card . jordy ( cont 'd ) Nice - how many people you rip off tonight ?! get up ! as jordy yank the mugger to he foot , he beeper go off . jordy ( cont 'd ) you could not listen to I , could you ? jordy drag the mugger to a tree . cuff he so he face be press up against the bark . jordy ( cont 'd ) I will send a cop back for you . mugger hey . c'mon , you can not leave I like this . some freak will come by and stab I ! jordy jog off across the park . mugger ( cont 'd ) wait ! come back !! ext . milo ' apartment - night FIRE truck from three battalion . radios crackle . there 's a crowd grow . jordy push he way through . the top floor of the brownstone where milo and tamina live have be reduce to smoking ruin . the tree be cover in debris and soot . jordy move to louie - battalion Chief . louie Lieutenant - take up you line and relieve ladder company 60 on the top floor . jordy hey , louie , be you first due ? louie yeah , I radioe you guy right away ' cause you get two roast on the top floor but you do not hafta investigate cause homicide be up there . jordy homicide ? who let they up ? I do not make it a crime scene yet . louie hey , it 's Eddie flemming . korfin ( o.s. ) yo , jordy ! bobby korfin - a overweight arson investigator with a quick with and good sense of humor - come over , pull on a turnout coat . korfin ( cont 'd ) where you be , man ? we get a celebrity ! jordy I hear . who the hell let they up there ? korfin I do not know , you think Eddie will give I he autograph ? jordy you see anything in the crowd ? anybody suspicious ? korfin naw - I be sure the suspect 's not here . jordy oh yeah , why ? korfin ' Cause Eddie woulda lock he up by now ! int . milo ' apartment - night the roof be go . the sky be expose . it 's char ruin , smoke beam and watery muck . Eddie and Leon be stand by what 's leave of the mattress , look at milo and tamina 's char body . Eddie grip a half - smoke Cuban cigar , listen to Leon . leon so , it look to I - from the sixty - nine position - that they be doin ' each other but be so whacked out of they head they set the pipe on the mattress , light it up , and they get fry . what do you think , Eddie ? jordy enter - with korfin who 's carry a paint can . eddie I do not know . we get the expert here . show they what you find - I hope you do not mind , we come over to see if we could help . korfin make a beeline for Eddie - want to meet the celebrity . korfin Nah , not at all . detective flemming - Bobby korfin . my uncle tony work with you at 2 - 1 back when you be a rookie . jordy could you put out the cigar ? part of the job be pick up scent . eddie oh , sure . Eddie put he cigar out . carefully slide it into a cigar holder and pocket it to finish later . leon well , I find - check it out - crack pipe . look like they get careless . Leon display the pipe emil find on the stair . korfin shine the flashlight on Leon to look at the pipe . leon ( cont 'd ) mind not shine that light in my eye ? korfin sorry , bro . jordy hey , that 's great you guy get it all wrap up , but you do not mind if we go through the routine ? it give we something ' to do . eddie no , we do not mind . you mind Leon ? leon no. go ahead . jordy thanks . appreciate it . jordy throw a look at korfin . homicide detective have no respect for fire marshal ' investigative skill . Eddie rummages through the apartment - move into the kitchen and live room ... Leon watch as korfin stick a pencil in a char beam , measure how deep in it go . korfin okay , jordy - it be a fast fire , we get good pattern - about thirty minute old . jordy move to one of the corpse . he pull on a white rubber glove . insert he finger in the corpse mouth . the glove come out white . jordy mouth 's clean , too . korfin clean ? jordy do not blow you nose ! jordy 's look at Leon , who be just about to blow he nose . jordy ( cont 'd ) the smoke will permeate you nostril - burn them out . let it run . korfin but you know that , right ? Leon look at jordy , then lower the handkerchief . jordy turn back to the corpse on the bed . Eddie - in the other room - have find tamina 's brush gold bracelet on the floor . jordy so the way you see it , two crack head burn themselves up ? leon that 's what it look like to I . jordy and while they be burn up , they be still goin ' down on each other ? you get to hand it to they . leon ( realize he 's wrong - blow it off ) yeah , well , some people get they priority straight . Leon watch jordy , quietly . with a pair of tweezers , jordy pull a small unburn piece of cloth from behind one of the head . korfin supplies the paint can . jordy drop the cloth inside . leon ( cont 'd ) what be that ? jordy evidence . of a homicide . that get Eddie 's attention and he come back to the bedroom . jordy ( cont 'd ) you know what that be , right ? eddie no , what be it ? jordy why do not you explain it , Bobby . ( to a fireman joke a wall ) hey camello ! you mind punch a hole in the floor ? camello no problem . ( to Eddie and Leon ) Excuse I , gentleman . you might wanna back up a little more . do not wanna get you pants wet . Leon and Eddie move to higher ground - on top of a burnt tv set . Eddie hand the brush bracelet to Leon . as camello hack at the floor with a ax , jordy continue to examine the body and korfin explain : korfin they have not soot in they mouth , which mean they be not breathin ' before the fire and that usually mean they be decease - and this piece of cloth that my partner find mean they be wrap up in something , probably douse with a flammable liquid and position like this on the bed . to the untrained eye , it look like a accident . jordy kick around the drain floor , reach down for something . leon what 's he look for ? eddie a timer . jordy find some wire attach to a outlet , pull they up - on the other end be a timer . korfin take the timer from jordy and move to Eddie . korfin here you go . a big double homicide . ext . milo ' apartment build - night as jordy and korfin exit the brownstone , a camera crew be arrive . jump out . korfin and jordy cross toward korfin 's car . they open the trunk . take off they muddy boot throw they in . korfin you see Eddie 's face when I give he the timer ? wish I have a picture of it . jordy he know all along . korfin what ?? jordy that 's why he be so quiet . he be testing we . Eddie and Leon exit - Eddie carry a baggie with a timer inside . nicolette karas , young and attractive , push she microphone at Eddie . she 's smart , aggressive and respected by she peer . nicolette detective , do it look like a murder ? eddie we do not know that yet . it 's much too early . there 's a lot to be do . nicolette how many victim be up there ? eddie there be two body find at this point . nicolette can we go up to the crime scene ? eddie you know you can not do that . c'mon . nicolette be it drug related ? eddie we do not know . when I have more I will let you know . nicolette signal for she camera man , mike , to zoom in on Eddie 's hand . she barrel on ... nicolette detective ... what 's that you be hold in you hand ? evidence ? Mike pan up to Eddie 's face . other reporter arrive , hurl question which Eddie easily answer . cameras flash as we pan back to korfin and jordy . jordy be about to get in the car as he notice , back behind some construction - daphne handlova . she 's still wear the crumpled summer dress . she tentatively step out to signal jordy . he only catch a glimpse of she . he start toward she -- knife through the crowd - but daphne be go . korfin what ? jordy there be a woman - I think she want to talk to we . she look scared . oh shit ! oh no ! ext . central park - later korfin 's car screech to a stop . jordy leap out . suddenly , jordy stop ... the mugger handcuff to the tree be now naked ! mugger you motherfuckin ' bastard ! she stripped I ! it be a bag lady ! she touch I all over , it be disgusting . jordy unlock the handcuffs . jordy I be sorry . I be really sorry . korfin deliver a blanket . jordy cover he . jordy ( cont 'd ) you okay ? mugger a dog piss on I !! I be gonna sue you for this ! you violate my civil rights ! jordy you civil rights ?! you try to rob I ! I could arrest you right now ! you be lucky you be walk away from this . now get outta here . jordy give he a push . the mugger wrap the blanket around himself cursing - hurry away . ext . 8 th avenue - night exhausted hookers who have work all night loiter outside a sleazy hotel . camera pan up to a blink hotel sign . int . king edward HOTEL room - night the light be blink a eerie green and yellow light into the room . emil be at the window pull the blind down try to shut out the blink light . he pull it down twice and it pop back up both time . the third time he angrily pull it so hard , it come off the window completely . he sit down in a chair in frustration - adjust a pillow behind he back . the roseanne show be on tv . roseanne have be talk to a father . roseanne ( on t.v. ) so you sleep with you son 's wife ! what 's that all about ? father ( on t.v. ) I take full responsibility for sleepin ' with my daughter in law . I have low self esteem , I think I have to compete with he . emil reach for he dictionary . emil ( mutter ) self-esteem ? self-esteem ?? he flip through he dictionary to find the meaning of self esteem . father ( on t.v. ) losin ' my job and everything , cause my behavioral disorder . ( turn to he son ) forgive I , kirk . let I hug you ? the audience boo . roseanne mediate ... oleg - fresh from the shower with wet hair - sit on the bed in he skivvy - stare into the videocamera 's lcd screen - rewind milo ' murder . we see it now for the first time - as he rewind it . oleg watch - a bottle of cheap vodka between he leg . emil , look up from he dictionary . he 's wear milo ' rolex . tamina 's jewelry - she brush gold necklace and pearl earring - be in front of he with daphne 's wallet . emil look up - oleg be hold he videocamera . emil ( Czech ) turn that fuck thing off ! oleg ( Czech ) I be not filming . I be watch milo die . it 's just like a move but realer . emil grab the videocamera . ( Czech ) do not break it ! do not break it ! emil speak English ! oleg ( English ) you say speak Czech ! emil how you erase this ? oleg I will do it . do not hurt my camera ! emil toss the camera back to oleg who drop he vodka bottle in order to catch the camera . oleg , hold the camera like it 's gold , go to the dresser and put it away . emil start to go through daphne 's wallet . emil stupid , milo . I do not want to kill he . ( notice ) what 's this ? emil find the last card in the wallet . it 's pink with a picture of a busty globe . printed in the middle be - worldly escort - and a number . emil ( cont 'd ) worldly escort ? emil pick up he dictionary and begin to flip the page - find the meaning of worldly . he get up and dial the number . a soft , sexy voice answer . Soft music in the background . sexy voice hi ? emil hello ? sexy voice be you look for companionship ? oleg , who 's listen , move to emil . oleg Whore ? emil I be homesick . you have Eastern european girl ? a Czech girl ? sexy voice matter of fact , I have a lovely Czech girl . emil I take she . send she ! ext . FIRE station 91 - night korfin 's car pull up to the station - as a fire engine be return . jordy now that you know he , maybe you can get extra work in the next movie they make about he . korfin yeah ? jordy maybe you can be he stand - in . int . FIRE station 91 - night the man be pull off they equipment - come down from the high of fight a fire . korfin and jordy walk toward the tv room . the tv be on in the background . we can see nicolette interview Eddie . he hold up the paint can . chief duffy ( o.s. ) what the hell be that ?? you give Eddie flemming the evidence ?! they turn . deputy chief FIRE marshal declan duffy - the head of the arson squad - come over . duffy 's tough , irish and very political . duffy ( point to the tv ) who do cause and origin ? jordy who do you think , Chief ?! duffy then why do not you talk to the reporter ? jordy ' Cause we get more important thing to do , like find out who do it . they walk to the back of the station and start up the stair . duffy do not you guy understand ? it 's all about image . the better we look the more money I get to pay you guy overtime . korfin yeah , right . duffy what be that , korfin ? korfin I say , yeah , you be right , Chief . as soon as we get something ' we will let you alert the media . duffy you do that , wiseguy . now let 's solve this thing before Eddie flemming do . they all head upstairs . int . arson squad room - day the Chief , jordy and korfin enter . there be poster of pyros , arsonist and terrorist on the wall . garcia - a Puerto rican investigator - look up from he desk . garcia hey guy , I get you torch . he just give a full confession . a scruffy , unshaven white man sit across from Garcia , turn . he be max , a pyromaniac in he 40' with a freshly scratch cross etched in he forehead . he crave attention . max it 's my fire ! screw homicide . I will tell you guy everything ! jordy move to he desk with korfin . they sit across from each other . duffy keep go to he office , not even bother to stop . jordy what 's that on you forehead , Max ? that 's a nice attention getter . max yeah , I be religious . I be not a atheist like you ! now , be you guy gonna arrest I , or not ? jordy how do you start the fire this time ? max I use a accelerant . jordy yeah ? what kind ? max ( to jordy ) hey , by the way , I be really sorry about you wife leavin ' you . korfin Max . max ( continue ) ... yeah , and with you old man die last year you - what 's it ? just you and the dog now ? korfin Max ! max do it feel bad - I mean the new guy you ex - wife 's see - I hear he 's a big shot downtown . jordy pop out of he seat . jordy that 's it ! you be outta here . jordy pull Max by the collar - push he down the aisle . max that 's it . I be suing . korfin get in line . korfin take over - throw he out . jordy turn to Garcia who be laugh . jordy what 's so funny . how do he know so much about I ? who tell he my life story ? garcia he hang around downstairs . the guy talk to he . he 's a joke ... jordy he 's no joke ! one day he 's gonna graduate from trash can fire and do something big . garcia okay . okay . we will ban he from the station . int . king edward HOTEL room - tv set - night as the " top Story " logo be splash across the screen , accompany by a catchy tv theme , Robert hawkins introduce America 's high rate ' news magazine ' show . ROBERT hawkins good evening , I be Robert hawkins and this be top Story . tonight we bring you a exclusive interview with Stephen geller - who horrify the nation two year ago when he go berserk and murder three clerk in a Manhattan shoe store . but now , Mr. geller 's claim , speak softly and articulately , be that he be the victim . accord to Mr. geller , the event of that fateful day be not he fault but be the fault of he psychiatrist . hard to believe ... watch . emil ( o.s. ) louder . videocamera slowly zoom out and pan over to emil , sit on the hotel bed watch the tv . he look at we . emil ( cont 'd ) louder . oleg 's hand reach in front of the lens - turn up the volume . the scene cut back to Stephen geller be interview by Robert hawkins and he camera crew . he 's sit on the front lawn of a mental institution in a paint stain shirt . a show of he artwork be display in the background . patient peruse the painting of weird dysfunctional face that avoid eye contact . one of the painting depict Eddie flemming and Leon Jackson . stephen geller this have nothing to do with shoe that do not fit or my relationship with my father who , as you know , make a fortune sell penny loafer in the fifty . this people die because of the criminal action of my doctor . ROBERT hawkins you doctor ? stephen geller yes . my psychiatrist do not insist that I stay on my medication . ROBERT hawkins ... so you feel absolutely no responsibility for kill this people ? stephen geller it be my finger that pull the trigger , but I be not morally responsible . my psychiatrist know what I be capable of . how could I know . I be not a doctor . ROBERT hawkins you seem very savvy for a man who 's be find mentally incompetent to stand trial . stephen geller look , I be a victim here , too . I be a year away from get my master in Art , now I will never graduate . my life have be permanently disrupt . ROBERT hawkins permanently disrupt ? be not you sell painting now for quite a lot of money ? have not this ' incident ' as you call it , jump start you career as a artist ? stephen geller look , I be in here . you call this a career move ? ROBERT hawkins and be not there a movie in the work about you ? stephen geller we be in negotiation , that 's correct . ROBERT hawkins but do not the Son of Sam Law prevent criminal from profiting from they crime ? stephen geller that do not apply to I because I be not a criminal . I be not a criminal ! I be not convict . emil lean forward - listen . fascinate . emil I love America . no one be responsible for what they do . there 's a knock on the door . we videocamera Pov swing over to it . then whip back to emil . emil look at we . emil ( cont 'd ) get in the bathroom ! oleg ( o.s. ) whatever we do - we fuck she , right ? emil oleg , get in bathroom , stay there and shut up ! emil turn off the tv . we Pov back into the bathroom , close the door but leave it open a crack . emil look down at he shoe . the Pov pan down to the kitchen knife stick out of emil 's boot . emil 's hand pull he pants cuff over it . Pov pan up to emil as he move to the door and open it . it 's not daphne and she 's not world class . honey hi , I be honey . emil where 's Czech girl ? honey baby , I be anybody you want I to be . I be a little schoolgirl , I be mommy , I be a Czech girl . she enter . close the door behind she . honey ( cont 'd ) now I like to get business out of the way before we get down to pleasure . why do n'tchya put my money on the dresser . emil I order a Czech girl . daphne , you know she ? oleg zoom in for a close up of honey . during the rest of the scene oleg film she . honey begin to undress . honey it 's a outcall service run out of a apartment . I do not meet the other girl . be not you gonna get undress ? emil where be escort service ? honey that 's confidential . could you put the money on the dresser ? emil I like to talk to the person who run the service . can you give I address ? honey look . do we have a problem here ? there 's no reason to have a problem . I be gonna make you feel real good . you wanna Czech girl ? after I be do with you , you will not miss she . now why do not you pay I ? she start to unfasten emil 's belt . emil ( stop she ) listen to I . I do not want sex . just give I the address and then you go . honey ( suddenly hard as nail ) look , man , I do not give a shit if you want sex or not , but you be payin ' for my time . emil pull the knife out of he boot and shove she against the door , pushing the blade against she throat - suddenly furious like he be before kill milo and tamina . emil give I the address !! honey alright , alright - do not hurt I ! please , it 's in my book , in my purse ! emil back off as she reach for she purse , and come out with a can of mace , spraying emil 's face ! emil stumble backwards - oleg hold he in the frame . he whip pan back to honey as she grab she clothes , unlock the door but emil 's hand slam it shut ! emil turn blindly , rub he burn eye - guard the door . honey dart toward the bathroom - she push open the door and run into oleg who be videotaping her . horrify , she turn around as emil smashes she in the face so hard she topple backwards , trip into the bathtub , pull the shower curtain down on she ! like a panther out for the kill , emil pounce . oleg film as emil lift he hand , grip ... the kitchen knife as emil 's hand come flying down - then rise up , bloodied . her scream be muffle by the shower curtain wrap around she face . oleg film the scene as the knife plunge down into : int . FIRE station 91 - arson squad room - night daphne , a sketch of she face . jordy ( o.s. ) her lip be fuller than that . you can see them a mile away . wider food container be scattered all over the place . the female composite artist look at jordy . stack of fail sketches sit beside she . composite artist what about she cheek bone ? jordy her cheek bone be prominent and she eye be huge . Big , blue eye and when I see she , she look scared . like she be look to get away . but she be absolutely beautiful . the composite artist look at jordy . jordy ( cont 'd ) I gotta good look at she . korfin have he chair turn around from he desk and be watch the sketch evolve as he speak on the phone to the landlord of the 7th Street brownstone . Garcia be also on the phone . the other investigator be go . work late into the night . everybody 's exhaust . it 's almost dawn . korfin -- from Czechoslovakia ? and how long have they be livin ' in you building ? ( write 4 year on he pad ) alright , I will be in touch when we know somethin' . ( to jordy ) milo and tamina karlova . they be quiet and keep to themselves . landlord do not know who you girl be . jordy how long they be livin ' here ? korfin you hear that question , Garcia ? garcia yeah , I get Immigration on the phone - they have be here illegally . korfin well , they be definitely permanent resident now . garcia I get the owner of the plumbing company milo work for . korfin why do not we get some sleep and we will go see he in the morning . jordy you go home . I be takin ' you car and goin ' back to the crime scene . korfin be not you tired ? jordy if I go home I will not be able to fall asleep anyway . jordy take the sketch of daphne which be not a bad likeness and head for the door . korfin fall in behind he . as they pass Garcia he hand jordy the address . korfin ( of the picture ) she keepin ' you up ? like to meet she , huh ? she would make you forget you ex wife . cure you insomnia . int . milo ' apartment - dawn camera descend from the sky pick up jordy as he enter what be leave of milo and tamina 's apartment . the roof have be burn off . he move into the next room , try to see through the darkness - look through the muck and char . eddie okay to smoke ? jordy turn , surprised . Eddie sit on a singe chair . he pour from a half - pint bottle of vodka into he ' win ton soup ' container , smoking a cigar . on the arm of the armchair be a brown legal folder and stack of photograph of the crime scene and the burn body . jordy it 's you crime scene now . you can do what you want . eddie watch the news ? jordy Nah , I musta miss it . eddie well , just so you know . I give you guy the credit . jordy well , just so you know , I do not care about that stuff . eddie Nah , why should you ? jordy I do not even watch tv . eddie good. good. commendable . Eddie knock he ' win ton soup ' back . jordy do you get a report from the m.e .? eddie sure . but I would like to ask you something . you get a problem with I ? jordy if you find I steppin ' on you crime scene - it might piss you off , too . ( then ) what about the report ? eddie you be right , they be both dead before the fire . the male be stab so hard the killer break off the tip of the knife in he spine . that 's usually a indicator of something personal . jordy pull out a sketch of daphne . hand it to Eddie . jordy the Super say he would see she before but she do not live here . eddie pretty . jordy ( act as if he do not notice ) hmmmm . eddie maybe you do not care about that either . ( beat ) prettiest suspect I have have in awhile . jordy who say she 's a suspect ? jordy try to take the sketch back . Eddie hold on . eddie what would you call she ? jordy look , I be not even sure she have anything to do with this . I see she outside after the fire - think it be a lead . maybe she see something . maybe she be visit somebody here . who know ? Eddie walk up to the burnt mattress - where the body be . eddie obviously they be not have sex . as you point out . so why go through all the trouble of put them like that ? Eddie pass a crime scene photo of the body to jordy . jordy maybe it 's a ritual thing or someone try to send a message . burial rite be take very seriously in Eastern Europe . it could be to humiliate they . just burn they up , no proper funeral , it 's like condemn they to hell . eddie Eastern Europe . like what ? Romania ? hungary ? jordy or Czechoslovakia . the slavs have be fight the Germans and the Russians for a thousand year . this be very intense people and they take thing personally . Eddie 's cellular ring - he grab it . eddie yeah ? where ? you sure it be a knife ? uh-huh . really ? okay . ( to jordy ) we have get another murder - in a hotel on eighth Avenue . a stabbing . clerk say the room be rent by a Russian ... Eddie 's move with daphne 's sketch . jordy I will come with you . eddie there be not a fire . there will be nothing for you to do . jordy I can watch you , Eddie . maybe I will learn something . eddie this be not homicide school . jordy my parent be from Poland . I can help with the Eastern european angle . eddie you be Polish ? jordy my folk be . eddie stay here . ext . time square - news stand - day video Pov of the news stand as a hand reach into frame and pick up a copy of the new york post . Eddie 's photo be on the front page - hold the kitchen timer by the wire . underneath he picture the caption read , " double homicide ... flemming be on it . " the videocamera widen out revealing emil stand in front of a Times Square news stand , read the front page . the videocamera turn around - until focus on oleg himself . oleg this be second day in America . first day be very exciting . full of thrill and chill . over there , be co-star of my new movie , emil ! he turn the camera around - filming emil . emil ( to vendor ) who be he ? vendor New York 's finest . this be he case . the vendor - pick up people . Stephen geller be on the cover . vendor ( cont 'd ) this all you want ? emil do you know how much killer get for movie rights ? vendor ( people ) in here , say he want a million . emil million ?! the killer get one million dollar for a television interview ? vendor hey , tabloid pay Ted Bundy - famous serial killer - half a million for he interview . and how much you think monica get for write book about the President come on to she ? it pay to be a killer or a whore in this country . look , you want magazine or not ? emil yes. both . oleg and this . oleg pick up film comment , movieline and premiere magazine . emil pay for everything . emil ( to oleg ) get a taxi . oleg tuck the magazine in he coat , pick up the suitcase and hail a taxi . as emil collect he change he see a old blind woman wait at the crosswalk . the light 's blink walk . emil ( cont 'd ) let I help . emil gently take she arm and cross she to the other side . blind woman thank you , son . emil watch she walk on . int . king edward HOTEL room - day the hotel room be a hive of activity . gil be dusting the dresser for print . another officer be stripping the bed and put the bedding into a big , clear plastic bag . as Eddie enter the crime scene , a police photographer be stand in the doorway take picture . eddie where be she ? leon takin ' a bath . eddie any i.d.? leon still unknown but we be run print . kid over there catch the case . jordy enter . Leon step in he way . leon ( cont 'd ) sorry ... PD only . eddie it 's okay . Eddie walk over to a young detective . tommy cullen , only 26 , be excited to meet Eddie . tommy Tommy Cullen . Heard a lot about you . Nice to meet you . here 's what we get . a girl in there , figure she to be a prostitute , look like she be fight for she life . she 's get defense wound on she hand . right this way - in the bathroom . eddie after you . Eddie follow Tommy into the bathroom . there 's blood splatter all over the wall and the floor . honey 's topless body lie in the tub tangle in the bloody shower curtain . murphy , a irish medical examiner ( m.e. ) , be examine the body . tommy room be register to a Francis capra . jordy capra ? that 's not Czech or Russian . who say he sound Russian ? tommy the clerk ? eddie check the switchboard , see what phone call be make from this room . tommy I will do it . Tommy head out . Eddie take out he cigar holder . slide out what 's leave of he cigar . re-lights it . look down at honey 's body in the bathtub . gil 's dusting the tub for print . murphy clothes be off in the other room . Tub be dry except for the blood . eddie any of you guy take a piss lately ? gil look confuse . Eddie point to the toilet . seat be up . eddie ( cont 'd ) do the seat for I . gil cross to the toilet and start to dust it . Eddie stand in the bathroom - study the scene . holding the unlit cigar . look around at the blood splatter wall . eddie ( cont 'd ) only one guy check in ? leon yeah . eddie c'mere . you wanna go to homicide school ? here - make yourself useful . Eddie position jordy behind the tub next to the wall . eddie ( cont 'd ) we killer ... we killer 's stand here slashing at she . she 's fightin ' he . the blood be splattering this way . it 's on this wall ... ( point to the right of jordy ) and there 's some speck over here . ( to the leave of jordy ) there 's nothing here because someone be stand right here . someone big . and he 's get blood on he . lot of blood . he would not walk out of here like that . ( turn to Murphy ) Murphy , what kind of knife you think we be talk about here ? Murphy pull out a clear plastic ruler and walk over to the blood-splatter wall . murphy if you look here where he miss and hit the wall you see that the mark be not deep but they be kinda wide ... not you everyday kitchen or pocket knife . eddie what if the tip be break off ? murphy could be . then we should find it here somewhere . eddie I think we have already find it . Eddie exchange a look with jordy as Tommy , the young detective , return . tommy there be only one call from this room last night . I dial it . it 's a escort service . leon do you identify yourself ? tommy hey , I be new but I be not stupid . eddie call communication and get a address on that number . Tommy hold up a slip of paper with the outcall service address on it . eddie ( cont 'd ) good work . int . king edward HOTEL room - stair - day jordy hurry out - catch up with Eddie . jordy you goin ' to the escort service ? eddie you get any better idea ? jordy mind if I ride along with you ? eddie this have nothing to do with you fire . jordy but what if it do ? you might need my help . as Eddie exit the hotel , a man approach . man hey , Eddie , can I get you autograph for my son ? ext . king edward HOTEL - day jordy catch up . Eddie finish signing the autograph use the man 's back . eddie I will let you know what happen . jordy this be ridiculous . I be not gonna be in you way - we can talk the case over . eddie tell you what - I will flip you a coin . if you win you can come with I . if you do not win , you do not come . jordy I will call it ... tail . Eddie pull out a coin and hand it to jordy . eddie okay . I will call it . head . jordy flip the coin and it 's head . eddie ( cont 'd ) head . see , you lose twice . ( beat ) okay . get in . jordy go for the passenger side of the car . before jordy can get in , Eddie start to pull away . jordy stand on the sidewalk - deject . Eddie stop the car again and this time let jordy get in . whip pan to : int . upper eastside hallway - day Eddie and jordy arrive in front of Rose 's door . Eddie knock and flip a coin to jordy . eddie oh here . a souvenir . jordy take the quarter . not understanding what Eddie mean . he look at the quarter . jordy two head . eddie better than one . Eddie sucker he with the coin toss . jordy react . Eddie laugh - squirt binaca in he mouth . knock again . we hear rose heller . rose ( o.s. ) who 's there ? eddie Police . we would like to ask you a few question . rose ( o.s. ) I have nothin ' to say . if you wanna contact my attorney ... eddie ( command ) homicide , miss hearn . it 's detective Eddie flemming . open up . Rose react . immediately unlocks , unchain and open the door ! rose you ! I have see you on tv ! Eddie glance self - consciously at jordy . rose ( cont 'd ) c'mon in . c'mon in ! int . rose's apartment - day they enter . rose just a minute . shit . and I do not have a camera . hold on a second . Rose move back to the phone - finish up she conversation in afrikaner . we hold on Eddie and jordy at the door . Eddie look around - take in the place . four girl be on phone . two girl take order for customer . the other two work the phone sex line . Rose hang up the phone - turn to Eddie and jordy : rose ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? eddie we do not have she i.d. yet , but one of you girl be kill last night at the King Edward Hotel . rose oh my g-d. honey ! honey 's dead ? jordy do you remember the man who call ? though Rose answer jordy , she direct she response to Eddie . rose yeah . he want a girl from Czechoslovakia , but I send he honey ' cause once they get there , you know , it do not really matter - honey be kill ...? poor girl ... eddie do you have any Czech girl work for you ? rose no . eddie do you tell he you do ? a butch girl enter . Rose speak to she in afrikaner . rose ( afrikaner ) Boy , she 's so popular all the sudden . eddie what be you say ? rose daphne . another guy come in ask I about she , too . jordy pull out the sketch , unfold it . jordy this she ? rose yeah . sort of . I try to recruit she , give she my card . she say she would think about it but I never hear from she . butch girl ( afrikaner ) beautiful eye . eddie who come by look for she ? rose he say he be she cousin . I tell he where she work . they be just here . eddie describe he . rose tall , short -haire , scary eye . second guy with he be ... short , with a wrestler 's build . and he would not turn he videocamera off I . eddie he have a videocamera ? where be she ? quickly ! rose she wash hair up at ludwig 's - a salon on 63rd and madison . ext . eddie be car - day as Eddie speed through the street , siren blaring . int . eddie be car - day jordy hold on as Eddie dart in and out of car with astonish dexterity . this man can drive . Eddie pick up he phone - dial . jordy be on he cell phone as well . eddie Leon - meet we at 63rd and madison . Hair salon . ludwig 's . jordy ( overlap ) I be on my way with Eddie . ludwig' . 63rd and madison . the suspect might be there already . Eddie look over as jordy disconnect . Eddie pick up a beer he be hold between he leg - finish it . eddie you thirsty ? jordy I be on duty . eddie ( drink ) so be i. alright , I will go inside and you cover the back . jordy of course . eddie hey ! I always want to be a cop when I be a kid . I dream of run up to a door , kick it in , pull my gun and yell ' freeze ! ' at the bad guy ! what would you dream about ? jordy I want to run up to a building on fire , kick in the door , rush into the smoke and save a kid . eddie then I guess we be doin ' this the right way , be not we ? if we pull up to a burn building I will gladly let you go first . jordy look at Eddie - can not deny he 's right . int . ludwig be salon - day we be in a move video Pov of ludwig 's , the hair salon - it 's big and spacious . the lens find the receptionist . oleg ( o.s. ) daphne handlova ? receptionist daphne ? in the back . probably shampooing a customer 's hair . oleg approach daphne who be mixing hair dye . ludwig , the owner , be with she . ludwig why be you mess with you hair color again ? you be go to kill you hair . you will not look good with black hair . daphne I want to do it , alright ? ludwig well , then do it after work . a customer 's wait . he leave , a customer approach . she smile at he - turn on the water in the sink then see - oleg filming she . she back up ... suddenly move to the emergency door ! to the backyard there 's a garden out there . daphne run toward the alley . oleg follow she - still videotape . as she round the corner she bump into ... emil ! he pull out he kitchen knife , shove she against the wall , push the blade with the break tip against she throat . emil I ... I have a temper . she look at he , not understanding . oleg film the scene . emil ( cont 'd ) when I lose it , I lose control . I do not intend to kill milo but he steal from I . cheated I ! when I go to prison , they beat I . I still do not tell he be my partner . I love milo like a brother ... the tone in emil 's voice - there 's a uncharacteristic softness to it . he want to reconcile he behavior to she . emil ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) I be not a killer . the back door open . he shove the knife in he pocket as ludwig peer around the alleyway . what he see be emil lean close to daphne , kissing she . ludwig daphne , will you be come back to work ? daphne in a minute , ludwig . ludwig leave . emil smart girl . I be glad you be not a whore . but wash hair ? this be no job for a woman as beautiful as you . they should be wash you hair . emil reach into he pocket and pull out something , stick it in the palm of she hand , close she finger around it . emil ( cont 'd ) I do not want to kill you . but if you talk , I will . ( whisper ) I think you would want this . he tap she hand ... he turn and go out the rear exit . oleg follow . jordy arrive . jordy ... daphne ? she say nothing . jordy ( cont 'd ) I be a fire marshal . you remember I from the other night ? you be daphne , right ? she say nothing . Eddie arrive . daphne turn . recognize Eddie . eddie you do not have to be afraid . we be here to protect you . come with I . we want to talk to you . you speak English alright ? Eddie look at jordy . take daphne by the arm . ext . ludwig be salon - continuous as they come out , Eddie notice daphne clutching something in she hand . he reach for she hand . open it . it 's a brush gold necklace . eddie do he give you this ? be he just here ? Eddie search the street . notice oleg and emil on the far corner . oleg be videotape he . Leon and Tommy pull up . korfin behind . they all pop out . Eddie grab Leon - squeeze he arm - quietly . eddie ( cont 'd ) the other side of the street . the guy with the videocamera . ( back to jordy ) do not look - put she in the car . ( to Leon ) stay this side . leon ( back to Tommy ) stay with she . they start head down the curb - try not to attract the attention of oleg and emil . a video close - up of the scene from across the corner . emil ( Czech ) put the fuckin ' camera down ! let 's go ! emil start to flee . ext . NYC street - continuous what follow next be a incredible foot chase with Eddie , jordy , korfin and Leon run through traffic - chase emil . Eddie try to stay in the lead but be run out of breath . eddie Split up ! jordy run down one side of madison - Eddie , the other . korfin continue down 62nd and Leon cover the other side . they search for emil , grab people , turn they around , miss he . emil seem to have disappear . Leon , gun raise , approach the cafe . as he round the corner , emil dart out , crack Leon across the face ! Leon crash into a table , drop he gun . emil scoops up the gun and pistol - whip Leon . beat the detective to a pulp . people be run from the scene . emil take Leon 's wallet . he be distract by laughter . oleg be videotaping the scene . oleg emil , look ! oleg swivel with the videocamera . korfin be run toward they - push through the crowd . emil fire ! korfin be blow backwards . oleg ( cont 'd ) perfect ! cut. print ! Eddie arrive . bend down to Leon , whose face be red with blood . jordy run to korfin , who 's lay in the street , shot in the side . jordy cradle he partner . eddie be you hit ? leon no. I be okay . jordy ( to korfin ) Bobby , Bobby ! where be you hit ?! korfin it hurt . aw , Jesus ! jordy Lay down . stay down , Bobby . jordy look up as Eddie step into the center of the street . Cars screech out of the way ! Eddie crouch , take aim at emil , who be almost two block away . it 's a impossible shot , out of range . but Eddie close a eye , aim and squeeze off one shot . two block away , emil topple . korfin and jordy look at Eddie , astonished he make the shot . emil scramble to he foot . run . Eddie holster he weapon . pull out a handkerchief . dab Leon 's wound . leon he get my gun ! motherfucker be filming the whole time ! eddie I know . relax . take it easy . do not worry , we will get that fucker . dissolve to : ems vehicle Eddie and jordy watch as korfin on a stretcher , be load in a ems vehicle and in b.g. , a ems doctor attend to Leon 's bloody face . Eddie and jordy turn to go back into the restaurant , now clear out - as nicolette karas arrive with she cameraman . nicolette detective - can you tell we what happen here ? eddie I can not talk right now . we have some thing to take care of . jordy move off , he do not want to get pull in front of nicolette . daphne can be see wait in the back of the restaurant , maybe twenty foot away . Tommy stand next to she . this be where Eddie and jordy be head . nicolette I understand , but I notice that the Fire Marshall be here with you . be this somehow related to the fire department ? eddie I really can not give out any information right now at this point . nicolette okay . but I do understand that you partner , Leon Jackson 's be injure . be that correct ? eddie he be hurt , but not seriously . he will be fine . nicolette do you have the suspect in custody ? eddie um ...now be not a good time , okay . detective Jackson 's hurt . he 's fine . I have get a Fire Marshall shot , detective Jackson be hurt but not seriously . nicolette ( to cameraman ) alright , cut , cut , cut . Mike the cameraman cut the cameraman - lower it from he shoulder . nicolette ( cont 'd ) ( to Eddie ) Eddie , be you okay ? eddie yeah . now 's not a good time . nicolette alright . eddie alright ? nicolette alright . eddie alright . nicolette okay . Eddie walk into the restaurant . throw a look back at she , then enter . int . armand restaurant - day jordy talk to daphne . daphne I tell you partner , I can not help . I do not see anything . eddie c'mon , start at the beginning . you know this people ? daphne tamina be a friend of mine . my shower be break , she let I use theirs . eddie go on . she say nothing . eddie ( cont 'd ) whether you tell we or not , we will find out . better if it come from you . daphne if I tell you , will you arrest I ? eddie arrest you for what ? why would we arrest you ? she still hesitates . eddie ( cont 'd ) what be you hide ? why be you afraid jordy she just see two of she friend kill ! they probably threaten she . eddie be that all there be ? she look at Eddie . eddie ( cont 'd ) be you here illegally ? do not worry about that . we will talk to Immigration . they will not deport you . daphne no , no , do not talk to Immigration ! she clam up . jordy why not ? eddie something back home ? jordy lead daphne to a table - she sit . Eddie sit across from she . jordy crouch down next to she . daphne ... my little sister and I share a flat - I come home one night and a man be raping she . his gun be on the chair ... he come at I and I shot he . jordy ( optimistic ) alright . that 's a justifiable homicide . daphne yes , but he be a cop . eddie a cop ? daphne ( beat ) I be from a small town in Slovakia . like the South here . the Police be right , a civilian be wrong . so I fle . eddie look , we can help you but right now we have to deal with what 's happen here . tell we the truth ... be that the truth ? daphne you be a cop - you will never believe I . jordy ( to Eddie ) can I talk to you ? Eddie step away with jordy . keeping he eye on daphne . she try to listen . eddie she 's fuck . even if that story be true . jordy Raw deal . Eddie tilt he head . measure jordy . jordy ( cont 'd ) look - let I talk to she . any lead I get , they be all yours . just let I have a first crack at she . eddie you wanna talk to she alone ? jordy yeah . eddie what would you girlfriend think of that ? jordy I do not have a girlfriend . eddie my point exactly . jordy I be serious here . eddie so be i. jordy c'mon . you intimidate she ' cause you be a celebrity . she see I differently . eddie you be she savior ? be she the kid you be gonna save from the burn building ? jordy you know what I be say here . Eddie look at he watch . thinks it over . measure jordy . eddie okay , tell you what , I will give you a head start . you take she to the station house . do not let she out of you sight . she 's the only warm body we get leave . jordy hey . I be a professional . eddie woman like that have a way of turn professional into amateur . he give jordy a look and head for the door . int . a seedy bathroom - day emil pull off he sock and shoe , lift he foot into a stain sink and wash the blood away , expose the chunk of pink flesh take out of he ankle . emil grab some toilet paper , plug the wound , then cut the towel off the dispenser with he kitchen knife and wrap he ankle . he grit tooth in pain . the light go out . then oleg adjust the fluorescent light above the sink . oleg gotta light the scene better . now it 's more moody ... like a scene from the third man . emil shut up . oleg do it hurt ? emil lift he foot out of the sink . emil this be nothing . emil lift he shirt , expose he back . oleg oh , shit . I hate look at that ! emil do not want to film this ? we do not see what oleg see - not yet - but from he expression , it 's horrible . int . jordy car - day daphne ride in the backseat . jordy 's watch she in the rearview . daphne now I become custody of police department ? jordy if you cooperate with the da - maybe they will help you with you situation . daphne I will if they do not send I back . jordy they will not until this be over . she look away . out the window . jordy see emotion fill she eye . she look back at he - she eye have tear up . daphne be you marry ? jordy divorce . daphne do you live alone ? ( beat ) I have be in this clothes since ... the killing . could we stop at you place ? I could take a shower ... before I go into custody ? jordy look at she . can not quite tell if she 's try to manipulate he or really just want to get clean up before all the shit start . jordy I can not take you to my place . daphne somewhere else ? jordy look at she ... eddie stare right at we . eddie I want to talk to you about something serious . he hold up the diamond engagement ring . eddie ( cont 'd ) I want to live the rest of my life with you ... I do not know you have be marry before and I have never be marry , but I do love you , and ... Eddie be stand in front of a mirror - rehearse the proposal . he notice a small dab of blood on he shirtcuff . Leon 's blood . paulie enter carry a towel and a vodka tonic . paulie she 's here . paulie set down the drink and begin they silent ritual . he hand Eddie the towel . Eddie wipe off he face and hand , then hand the towel back to paulie . paulie help Eddie on with he coat . Eddie take some visine out of he coat pocket . drop a few in each eye . he straighten himself and look in the mirror , take a big gulp of the drink . Eddie set the glass down and start out . paulie hand he a binaca . Eddie give himself a squirt as he exit . paulie follow . int . p.b. herman' restaurant - day it 's lunchtime ... it 's crowded . Eddie take a seat at a table . he take the ring out of he pocket - hold it under the table . nicolette karas walk up to Eddie from behind . give he a kiss on the cheek . nicolette hey , honey . eddie hey . she order a drink in Greek from the Greek waiter , then sit down across the table . there 's a long pause - they just look at each other . nicolette what be you problem ? why would you snap at I ? I just want a statement . eddie I can not ... I can not answer you just because you want I to answer you ! nicolette you do not have to embarrass I in front of my colleague . you could give I something . eddie oh , I be sorry . do I embarrass you , sweetheart ? oh ... nicolette stop it . eddie maybe I should just , ya know ... turn to the camera and say , do you mind if we just work something out ? nicolette alright , alright , Eddie . do not patronize I . eddie I be not . nicolette yes you be . I be not just some reporter . I do not just stick a microphone in you face . you could give I something . eddie yeah , well you take the camera and put it right down on the evidence . that be ... nicolette that be good . you be hold the evidence . eddie you be merciless . you do not give a shit if you get I or not . nicolette well , who be it that teach I how to do that ? huh ? eddie you be ruthless . nicolette you be not so bad yourself . they look at each other . nicolette ( cont 'd ) c'mere . they kiss . nicolette ( cont 'd ) look at this . you have blood on you shirt . whose be it ? eddie could be leon's . nicolette Jesus . and last week you come over with blood on you shoe . what be I go to do with you ? Eddie take she hand . eddie you know , I be thinkin' ... this shoe might look nice with another pair of shoe next to they in the closet . she look at he . eddie ( cont 'd ) you know , nicky , I have be marry twice before . my first wife be a professional woman , do not have time for child . my second wife ... I never want to go home to she . nicolette 's phone ring . Eddie stop - look at the ringing phone . nicolette what be you do ? what be you say ? nicolette 's phone keep ringing . Eddie stare at it . nicolette ( cont 'd ) Eddie ? nicolette 's phone keep ringing . nicolette ( cont 'd ) do not worry about the damn phone . I will not answer it . eddie answer the phone . nicolette no . tell I what you want to say . eddie answer it . nicolette okay . okay . hold that think just for a second . they only call I when it 's a emergency . just hold that think . ( into the phone ) can you call back ? phone voice ( o.s. ) we need you here in twenty minute . get in a cab . nicolette what be you talk about ? phone voice ( o.s. ) Katie . we do not know where she be . we can not find she . you gotta anchor the 5:00 . this be you shot . come now . nicolette what ? oh. okay . yeah . the line disconnect . she collapse the phone . turn to Eddie . nicolette ( cont 'd ) oh my G -d , they want I to anchor . they want I to anchor tonight ! eddie that 's good . nicolette yeah . eddie well , that 's great . nicolette okay . that be great . but I can not go now , we be in the middle of something here . eddie no. go ahead . you be gonna be great . nicolette no . no , listen to I here . I want to know what you be talk about . you know , the shoe thing and the marriage and ... eddie I will tell you tonight . let 's do it tonight . as soon as you get back we will talk . we will talk . nicolette promise ? eddie I promise . we will talk . you will be great . you will be fine . go ahead , just imagine that , uh ... just look into the lens and imagine you be talk to I . nicolette yeah . I will do that . as long as you be not patronize I . eddie patronize you ... nay , I love you . nicolette I love you . they kiss . nicolette ( cont 'd ) okay , till tonight . eddie tonight . nicolette you promise ? eddie yeah . I promise . nicolette okay . and you know what , I will swing by my place , grab a couple pair of shoe and maybe just test they out next to yours ... how 's that ... would that be a good thing . eddie yeah , yeah . good thing . nicolette okay . eddie see you later . good luck . nicolette thank you . eddie do not be late . she walk out . int . FIRE station 91 - day jordy unlock the door . enter with daphne . the fire station be empty . jordy the man be out of quarter - practice put out fire . daphne so ... the station be empty ? jordy yeah . this way . he gesture toward the stair . int . FIRE station locker room - continuous jordy and daphne walk through the locker room . her eye never leave jordy 's . jordy you consider become a prostitute ? daphne yes , I consider it . jordy do you ever turn trick before ? daphne no . jordy what about back home ? daphne no . daphne stop . look at he . stands very close . daphne ( cont 'd ) I come here . I have no money . I know no one . I could not get a job because you have to have a green card to get work . they approach I - I could have make a lot of money . I consider it , but ... it 's not who I be . they pay I below the table at ludwig 's . jordy so you be never a prostitute ? daphne what be you ask I ? jordy I be just try to find out who you be . she look up into he eye . search . think he 's hint . daphne can you let I go ? she lean in close to he - give he the opportunity to kiss she . jordy be tempt but ... remember Eddie 's warning and back up slightly . jordy shower be this way . desperate now , willing to do anything , daphne move in even closer . daphne you could shower with I . jordy be lock in she eye . almost give in . then break away . gesture towards the shower . daphne look away form he - crestfallen . she head to the shower . jordy follow she into the bathroom . the wall be line with shower stall . jordy I will uh , I will get you a towel . he leave she there . alone . she quickly move to the window . open it . look down . it 's a two -story drop to the street . jordy get a towel from the locker room . his beeper go off . he check the number but decide not to return the call . we follow he back into the bathroom . the shower be on but he notice the window . it 's open . jordy ( cont 'd ) shit ! he rush over . he look out . no sign of she . he turn - look back at the shower . it 's on but he can not see through the curtain . can not tell if she 's there . he walk over - quickly - fear that she 's leave . he pull the curtain aside . she 's crouch in the corner shower stall . holding herself . she look up at he - she eye fill with tear . jordy ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? jordy sit on the bench next to the shower . daphne I be not a whore . I be not a whore . jordy I know . daphne you do not know . I be sorry . I be desperate . that 's not I . I shot a cop . can you imagine what they will do to I when I get to prison ? jordy they be not gonna send you right back . daphne I be sorry . I do not mean to ... I be glad . actually I be glad it 's over . all this time . hiding . never be able to look anyone in the eye . always afraid that someone would find out who I be . never trust anyone ... he cover she with the towel , pull she up . jordy you can trust I . she embrace he . trusting he . he stand there for a moment . then awkwardly hold she . comfort she . int . NYC restaurant - day close up on a steak . male hand cut a piece . another male hand set down a huge bottle of extra strength excedrin . the hand abandon the steak and rip open the bottle . the camera pull back to include the lcd screen of oleg 's videocamera . he be taping emil as he rip open the safety plastic with he tooth . emil be sweat with fever and he eye be glaze over in pain . he ' drink ' pill from the bottle and chew they up . wincing in pain . emil wash they down with a beer . emil look down and the camera follow he gaze to the " people " magazine article he 's read on Stephen geller . emil laugh . shake he head at the article as the videocamera tilt back up to he face . oleg what be it ? emil the video of milo and tamina - I tell you to erase it . oleg I do . emil and the whore 's murder ? you do not erase that either , do you ? do not lie , I will not be angry . oleg why not ? emil put the camera down , oleg . oleg close the lcd screen and put the camera down . emil remove a small address book -- from Leon 's wallet - he look up Eddie flemming 's name . oleg what be that ? emil what do it look like ? it 's a address book ! oleg jump up with the camera to tape the book . oleg let I get a shot of it . emil sit down ! oleg this way . hold it this way . good . oleg get a shot and quickly sit back down . oleg ( cont 'd ) why will not you be angry at I for keep my movie ? emil take a gulp of beer - drop cash on the table and limp away . oleg follow . int . precinct - day it 's quiet - Chief duffy pace in front of the sergeant 's desk . look at he watch . grow more and more aggravate as every second tick by . jordy enter escort daphne . see duffy and tire to go past he . duffy turn and see jordy and daphne . duffy hey. Warsaw . jordy stop and come back . sitting daphne down on a bench . jordy hey , Chief , what be you do here ? duffy I come to see how the investigation be go . ( look at daphne ) I call and you be not here . I wait up at the station and you do not even show up !!! I beep you - you do not return my call . where the hell have you be ?! jordy take a few step away from daphne . jordy ladder 20 be on the rock for training . we stop there ... so she could get clean up . duffy what do you mean , ' clean up ? ' jordy I let she take a shower . duffy a shower !? do you take one , too ? jordy no ! nothing happen . duffy oh really . that 's nice . you take a homicide witness to take a shower after you partner be shot ? be you out of you fuck mind ?? be you have that much trouble gettin ' date ?! eddie ( o.s. ) I tell he to take she there . jordy and duffy turn . Eddie walk out . Eddie turn - Tommy - the young detective who catch the case in the King Edward Hotel - be come out of the back office . eddie ( cont 'd ) Tommy , get she outta here . Tommy take daphne into the precinct . tommy this way , mar 'am . eddie there be too much press hangin ' around there . I do not want she face on the news . so I tell he to take she to a quiet area until thing settle down . duffy oh . eddie it be my decision , not he . duffy well , I be the deputy Chief Fire Marshall and every now and then I would like to be include in decision . eddie look , after jordy brief I , you can do the press conference . how about that ? the case be all yours . duffy oh yeah ...? alright . eddie ( to jordy ) I be ready to be brief . ( to duffy ) Excuse we . duffy ( to Eddie ) yeah , sure . ( to jordy ) beep I when you be ready for the press conference . jordy will do , Chief . Eddie lead the way , walk past the sergeant 's desk - toward the back and to he office . jordy ( cont 'd ) Eddie , I ... Eddie hold up he hand - silencing jordy . eddie wait . int . police precinct - detective room squad - day a handful of detective talk about work over burn coffee . Eddie enter with jordy . eddie guy ... give I a few minute ? they empty out . jordy look , Eddie , I be tellin ' you - I do not touch she . eddie well , you shoulda because nobody 's gonna believe you do not ... include I . jordy I take she there for a shower and that 's it . eddie just a shower ? Eddie give jordy a question look . jordy yeah , just she in the shower . nothing happen . look , I be sure you probably think I be a fool and I fuck up , but ... eddie no , I do not think you be a fool , I just think you be stupid about it . I mean , to say the least , you outta know better . you do not know she well enough . she 's get the potential to fuck hang you even if she suggest that you make a pass at she , it 's fuckin ' over . you can deny it all you want , but it will not make one fuck bit of difference . you be dead . jordy I tell you , you know , I think I be do the right thing , you know , I think she 's innocent . eddie well , it 's not up to you to decide whether she 's innocent or not . do not you understand , that 's why you be a professional . jordy but , I mean , do not you ever go out on a limb for somebody ? I mean , you shoulda hear she there . tellin ' she whole story ... I believe she . eddie how you go out on a limb for somebody be by give she a number of a Immigration lawyer . here , here 's a number of a Immigration lawyer . that 's how you help she . but you can not get involved in she like that . you be gonna jeopardize you career , you life and you be gonna jeopardize my case . and lemme give you another piece of advice . maybe you do not watch tv but I will let you in on a little secret - the whole fuckin ' world watch television . and when you get out there , they know you face . and the little fame , the little fuckin ' itty bitty fame that I get in this city make it a lot easier for my job . and I get more do because of it . jordy study Eddie for a quiet beat . jordy why would you help I back there with the Chief ? why would you stand up for I like that ? eddie you know , I do not know . I like you . you remind I of a puppy I use to have . he piss on the rug all the time , but I still keep he . Eddie pick up he cigar that 's go out . he stick it in he mouth . a match be light . he look up . jordy hold the match . Eddie dip the end of the cigar and puff . the homicide detective and the fire marshal hold a look . int . eddie' apartment - night Eddie walk in - carry flower . he close and lock the door behind he . he grab the phone . dial . eddie it 's flemming ... anything turn up ? do they check the hospital ? airport ? yeah , I hit he ! I fuckin ' hit he ! we should be all over everywhere - with dog , chopper , everything ! this guy be from fuckin' Czechoslovakia ... he look at the flower . decide to put the case behind he for a moment . eddie ( cont 'd ) I will call you later . he hang up . arrange the flower in a vase . so they look perfect . set they on the coffee table . fill out a card , write , " nicky , I love you . will you marry I ? " he stick the card in the flower - turn the light down low . put a romantic Sinatra song on the stereo . move to the liquor cabinet . pour himself a drink . he set the ringbox on the coffee table - next to the flower . there 's a knock at the door . eddie ( cont 'd ) come ! Eddie smooth he hair , unlock the door . but the hallway be empty . eddie ( cont 'd ) nicky !?!? no answer . Eddie step out in the hallway with the drink in he hand . walk toward the elevator . do not notice the shadow that pass behind he - enter he apartment . Eddie turn . no sign of anyone . eddie ( cont 'd ) nicky ?! he walk back toward he apartment . turn and lock the door . a blur jump out of the shadow slamming he on the head with a gun . Eddie tumble to the floor ! out cold ! a blurred video image as it 's focus - on Eddie - handcuff and upper body tape to a chair - 20 minute later - sober up . emil be sit in front of he . on the coffee table alongside he be the flower in a vase . they have ransacke the place . emil have Eddie 's watch , he gold shield and he money . he 's smoking one of Eddie 's cigar and in emil 's hand ... be the diamond engagement ring and card . oleg , 60 minute - style , be position behind emil videotape Eddie . he move to the corner of the room - bring a light back over to illuminate Eddie 's face . emil so ... who 's nicky ? eddie what do you want ? emil you opinion . ( lean forward ) you see , they go to make a movie about I , too , Eddie . and write book . eddie ( sarcastic ) what 's you accomplishment . emil I kill someone famous . eddie then do it , asshole . emil good - be tough to the end . actor who play you will want to die like hero . Eddie look at the videocamera . emil answer Eddie 's look . emil ( cont 'd ) so tabloid do not have to do be enactment . they go to have real movie this time . eddie if you kill I and film it you be put a noose around you neck . emil turn to oleg . emil turn it off . oleg obey . emil turn to Eddie . emil ( cont 'd ) no . we be insane . who else but crazy man would film they murder ? ( gesture to Eddie ) so we kill someone famous and if we be catch , we be send to mental hospital . but what good be money there ? because once in hospital I say I not crazy . just pretend to be acquitted . we see psychiatrist . they must certify we be sane and because of you - what be law call ? ( Eddie say nothing ) oh - I get it . because of you double Jeopardy law , we can not be try for same crime twice . we come out free , rich and famous ! oleg good idea ! eddie you really think you will be able to fool a jury with this bullshit ? how fuckin ' stupid be you ? emil smarter than Americans . you be feed cry baby talk show all day long . not only will Americans believe I , they will cry for I . ( laugh ) so ... detective Eddie flemming , would you like to say goodbye to you nicolette ? maybe you can propose to she now ? Eddie say nothing . just stare at emil . emil puff on Eddie 's cigar . emil ( cont 'd ) okay . he have nothing to say . ( signal oleg ) start the camera ! oleg cut ! emil look at oleg . oleg ( cont 'd ) this be my project . I say ' action . ' I be the director ! you be the talent . you wait for I to say ' action ! ' emil look at Eddie as if to say , " see what I have to put up with . " oleg gesture from behind the videocamera . oleg ( cont 'd ) and ...action ! oleg film as emil raise Eddie 's service revolver . Eddie suddenly kick at emil 's hand , but emil pull it away , back out of Eddie 's reach . emil bad last moment - I cut that out . emil raise the pistol again - point the gun at Eddie 's leave temple . emil cock the hammer , but Eddie avoid the gun , ducking he head to the side of emil 's arm . stand and follow he head up emil 's arm and push he over into the desk . Eddie then knock emil with the chair and emil fall off the desk and onto the floor . oleg still grip the videocamera . Eddie continue around with the chair and drive oleg back across the room - pin he to the wall . Eddie come back from oleg to the gun at the same time as emil be limping for it . Eddie knock emil out of the way with the chair and then stab he with the leg of the chair repeatedly . Eddie come up and around again at oleg who be come at he from the wall . Eddie knock oleg over the coffee table and onto the sofa . falling on top of he , roll over and leave oleg on the sofa . Eddie manage to get up from the sofa and position the chair in such a way that he can fall over backward and grab the gun . emil limp toward the gun at the same time and it be not clear in the darkness who have the gun . oleg get up from the sofa and go over to get the videocamera . Eddie have manage to get the gun and come up as oleg be move in with the camera and start shoot toward oleg - manage to shoot one of the blind off the window and one of the lampshade off the lamp . oleg crouch down with the camera and Eddie start to turn toward emil who come at he with the knife and stab he in the stomach . emil step back , revealing the knife be buried in eddie' stomach . Eddie stumble backward , fall over but still attach to the chair - hold the gun . Eddie can not believe he get stab . blood swell around he stomach . he can not be die . this can not be happen . he look at emil . the pain be terrible . oleg have knelt down next to Eddie - get a close up . emil look at Eddie . emil ( cont 'd ) die. die. emil look around . grab a black pillow and finish Eddie off , suffocating he . blackness we be move through a tunnel - pitch black , so dark all you feel be the motion . we be travel very fast . finally , in the distance , a speck of light which fill the frame . we slowly pull back from the white light to discover it be a tiny pixel on a tv screen . widening further out we see Eddie 's funeral on the evening news . it 's a enormous gather - a sea of blue uniform and dignitary . in the upper right hand corner , superimpose over the funeral , be a picture of Eddie from he id and in he nypd uniform . we see oleg 's reflection on the set with the videocamera . he be filming the tv . we hear the audio from Eddie 's funeral . newscaster ( on t.v. ) .. detective flemming be one of the most decorate nypd detective in the history of New York . he make several thousand arrest during he career , include the fame Stephen geller case . belove by the community in which he serve . his partner eulogize he ... Leon be at the mic . leon ( on t.v. ) ... Eddie be my mentor , my best friend and my partner ... he teach I the meaning of the word ' cop . ' he be a man in every sense of the word . I will miss he ... ( choke on tear ) sleep well , brother . Leon begin to sing " amazing Grace . " oleg pan from the tv and focus it on a lightbulb . hand enter the frame - carefully pour clear liquid into a ashtray . a long hypodermic needle slide into the ashtray - the plunger be pull back and the needle quickly fill with liquid . gingerly , the needle be insert into the lightbulb . again , the plunger move and the lightbulb be fill and place on a table ... next to a can of gasoline . videocamera zoom out revealing ... emil sit at a hotel desk do this . int . p.b. herman' restaurant - day it 's pack with cop drink . prosecutor ... lawyer ... many who be at the funeral , include Leon . all wear the black ribbon on they badge . there 's a quality of a irish wake - boisterous , guy cursing ... many cop in uniform . a buffet have be laid out . hawkins enter in a black suit , wear a black ribbon . he greet people , shaking hand , embrace Leon . hawkins awful ... what a awful day . he be New York City . hawkins notice a young man by the window . teary -ey . it 's Tommy . hawkins nod to he . tommy I never get to tell he how much I admire he . hawkins I know , son , I know . we all love he . hawkins move on ... greeting other . he notice at the end of the bar - sit alone on a stool - be nicolette . he move to she . pull up a stool alongside she . she turn , look at he . just stare at he for a long beat . she be bomb . definitely drunk . she 's have many . she turn to hawkins . nicolette you know ... you know he be gonna propose to I . the crime guy find a card he would write out to I . and a ring box ... this fucker that kill he - have my ring . they have my diamond engagement ring ... hawkins touch she shoulder with compassion . hawkins I know . nicolette what do you mean you know ? he tell you he be gonna propose to I ? hawkins well , he ... nicolette ( override ) I want to hear everything he say . hawkins I be try to tell you . nicolette alright . go ahead . hawkins that morning . he be talk to I and Leon about marriage . nicolette oh my g-d . we be have lunch here . he start make overture - talk about little shoe next to he in he closet but I get a call to anchor - and I walk out on he . I walk out on he when he be try to ask I to marry he !! nicolette be cry now . she angrily wipe away a tear . nicolette ( cont 'd ) I would never have a great relationship before . I would never make great choice with man . and he be not easy to get to know . he be older , my parent tell I I be nut to get involved with he . but he be so great to I . always encourage , tell I I could do anything ... ( beat ) he be the one . you know , I would give up everything - everything - for just a little more time . I would have spend fifteen minute with he if that 's all I know I have . she 's lose it . hawkins console she . nicolette shrug he off - turn back to she drink . downs the rest of it . a woman arrive , maggie , hawkins ' producer - assistant in tow . maggie Robert ...? hawkins what be you do here ? maggie ( hold a cellular ) you have get a call . hawkins I can not talk to anybody right now , can not you see I be busy ! I can not talk business . hang up . have a drink . ( to paulie ) get she a whiskey . maggie trust I , you will want to take this call . Robert step off the stool . take the phone . hawkins hello ? who be this ? ( listen ) how do I know this be you ? hawkins give nicolette a comforting squeeze on she shoulder . back away from the bar . now out of hearing distance , he look back at nicolette and lower he voice . hawkins ( cont 'd ) where ? we intercut emil on a public phone in the lobby of a movie theater . oleg videotape emil on the phone , as he throw glance into the theater . emil come to 45 Broadway . do not bring the Police . come alone or you will be in my next film . hawkins ( low ) look asshole . I have be threaten by better than you . emil no. I be the best that 's ever threaten you . hawkins I will meet you on one condition - I get exclusivity and you surrender to I . emil we will talk about that . four o'clock give you time to go to bank . Three hundred thousand dollar . hawkins what ? it do not work that way . emil ( incense ) if you do not want my film - I will call another show . and they will show it . hawkins wait a minute . wait a minute . emil come alone . bring cash . and we will talk about surrender . click . the line go dead . hawkins disconnect . hand the phone back to maggie . she 's look at he . excite . hawkins look at nicolette . his mind whirl . int . FIRE station 91 - kitchen - day daphne and korfin be sit at a table . korfin 's arm be in a sling , he side bandage . duffy and jordy enter in they dress uniform . korfin walk over to they . korfin how be it ? jordy ( numb ) not good . jordy 's quiet . daze . nobody can believe Eddie 's go . duffy ( nod to daphne ) do the d.a. videotape she deposition ? korfin yeah . he finish awhile ago . duffy ( to korfin ) alright . swing by she apartment . let she pick up she clothes and take she straight to Hoover Street . you get that ? korfin yeah . jordy look at she . duffy see they hold each other 's look . jordy Chief - mind if I take she ? duffy okay . but not water sport . duffy walk out . jordy lead daphne out of the station . korfin follow . a man in a cheap suit be talk to camello who point as jordy walk by . the man chase after jordy . man Excuse I - Jordan Warsaw ? jordy yeah . man ( shove papers in jordy 's hand ) consider yourself serve . jordy open the papers . korfin put daphne in the car . walk back over to jordy and read over he shoulder . korfin Zwangendaba ??? be suing you , the department and the city of New York for 10 million ? who be Zwangendaba ? jordy remember ... and get more depressed . jordy the mugger . ext . daphne's apartment build - night it 's a old brownstone - in poor condition . jordy pull up . open the door for daphne - take she by the elbow - steering she to the door . he be edgy . jumpy . look around . daphne be you alright ? jordy I still can not believe Eddie 's go . daphne I be sorry . he look at she . nod . they walk up to the stair as the front door open . a neighbor exit , shocked . jordy pull daphne out of the way . daphne ( cont 'd ) ( in Czech to the man ) hello . how be you ? int . daphne's apartment build - hallway - continuous jordy and daphne make they way up the stair . a bouquet of flower be outside daphne 's apartment . jordy what 's this ? she take the card . jordy look over she shoulder . daphne read : " good luck with all you trouble . I be here if you need I ... ludwig . " jordy ( cont 'd ) be he you boyfriend ? daphne ludwig ? he 's gay - be you jealous ? jordy if I be you boyfriend , I might be . daphne if you be my boyfriend , I would suggest you find another girlfriend that be not go to jail ten-thousand mile away . they be stare in each other 's eye . the sexual tension strong . jordy a good Immigration lawyer could stall the process . Eddie recommend one . daphne no matter what happen ... I be glad I meet you . jordy I be glad I meet you . they hold each other 's eye ... then suddenly they kiss . urgently . passionately . somebody be come up the stair . they part quickly . a tenant enter he apartment down the hall . jordy clear he throat . jordy ( cont 'd ) let 's get you stuff . he open the door . peer inside - check it out . turn to she . gesture that it 's okay to enter . int . daphne's apartment - continuous it 's very small . almost no furniture . the bare minimum . the apartment be a hole . she look at jordy . both think the same think . another kiss . jordy you better get pack . daphne right . she hold he look . jordy do you have coffee ? daphne in the kitchen . jordy I will make some for we . daphne I will get my clothes . she head down the hall . jordy enter the small kitchen . he flip on the kitchen light and the lightbulb explode - setting the ceiling on FIRE and releasing a rain of FIRE into the room . jordy jump back . daphne ( cont 'd ) jordy !!! jordy no ! get back ! get back !!! jordy 's more surprised than shake . it 's a fire - he know the drill . he push she into the live room . then notice a FIRE extinguisher hang on the wall . grab it . aim it at the FIRE spread in the kitchen . he sprays as daphne scream ! daphne that 's not mine ! whooooooooosh ! the fire extinguisher feed the FIRE ! flame leap up from the fire - shoot toward the extinguisher because it 's fill with gasoline . the handle lock ! jordy can't turn it off . flame engulf the extinguisher and jordy hand . he fling the extinguisher - back out of the kitchen . close the door . jordy take off he jacket . stuff it under the bottom of the door . block the smoke . he hurry into the live room . know it 's moment before the extinguisher will explode . jordy pull out he cellular . Hit the speed dial as he notice daphne about to throw a chair through the window . jordy do not ! it will suck the flame toward we ! too late . she smashes the window . there 's a explosion in the kitchen . smoke and fire rush down the hallway and along the ceiling . jordy yell into the phone : jordy ( cont 'd ) this be Jordan Warsaw ! we get a 1075 , make it quick , we be trap ! 8th Avenue and 44th Street . he pull daphne toward the bedroom . it 's lock . jordy kick it open . grab the comforter off the bed . shove that under the door jam . he pull daphne into the bathroom . shut the door . run he severely burn hand under the cold water . daphne look out the window - hearing the siren . she notice someone have nail the window shut . and on top of one nail ... be Eddie 's gold shield . daphne oh my g-d ! oh my g-d! jordy turn - see Eddie 's shield . daphne ( cont 'd ) they be here ! this freak she out . they be in she home . she start to panic . jordy calm down . get a hold of yourself ! get down ! he pull aside the curtain to the bathtub . in it be a can of gasoline . a virtual bomb . jordy ( cont 'd ) oh Jesus ! daphne reach for the can of gasoline . jordy ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? daphne pour it out ! she grab the can of gasoline - pour it down the drain . the FIRE be raging outside the bathroom . the bathroom door be beginning to smoke and burn . they be trap . jordy turn - grab a expose water pipe that run up the wall to the ceiling . he throw he foot against the wall for leverage . pull with all he might to break it loose . it 's creak - but he 's have a hard time with it . daphne ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! jordy look over . the gasoline she 's pour out - be not go down the drain . it 's stop up . as soon as the fire get in the bathroom , everything will explode ! jordy begin pull at the rusty pipe with all he might . daphne come over - help he . both of they try to break it off . suddenly it snap and water pour into the room . soaking the wall . they point the pipe toward the door , soaking some of the flame which be consume the door . try to stop the fire from come in . he and daphne be drench . and trap . jordy grab a break piece of pipe . start smashing the wall behind they . the wall to the adjacent apartment . video Pov jordy and daphne in the bathroom - surround by fire . camera whip pan down the street as FIRE engine arrive . oleg be videotaping they from the opposite rooftop . tenants from daphne 's building be flee down the fire escape . emil stand in back of oleg - who be very excited . he turn the camera on himself . oleg this be great film ! you can see fire right now - daphne be in fire - Fire marshal be here . everything be so messy . everything be so crazy right here ! look at this fire ! we make it ! 90 % of people who die in fire die from eat smoke . so most likely they all die from eat smoke . the camera pan to emil . oleg ( cont 'd ) and this be the man who start the fire . say something to you fan , emil ! emil wait a beat and then blow a kiss to the lens . daphne's bathroom fill with smoke . you can barely see jordy or daphne . jordy smashes a hole in the wall - which reveal the bathroom in the apartment next door . the smoke have a place to escape . there 's a 7 - year old kid in there . stand in the bathroom . terrify . jordy get back ! get out of the bathroom ! run ! 7 - year old kid the hallway be on fire ! jordy it 's okay . I be a fireman . I be go to help you . get back ! now ! jordy push daphne through the wall - turn as the bathroom door catch fire . it 's second before the whole room will blow up . oleg across the roof be videotape the bathroom as it explode ! ext . STREET - continuous Fire engine have arrive . the street be fill with gawker . Garcia and korfin pull up just as jordy run from the building - hold the kid in one arm and pull daphne with the other . carefully guard he bandage hand . a fireman grab the kid . another grab daphne . Garcia and korfin run to jordy . garcia jordy ! what the hell happen ?! korfin be you alright , man ? lemme see the hand ! jordy where 's daphne ? daphne ? he spot daphne on the corner as a familiar voice push through the crowd . voice be not she a beauty ? she 's my fire , look at that loom - up on she ! jordy turn - it 's Max . the attention pyromaniac who jordy throw out of he office . as a news crew arrive , Max turn to the camera . max I do this ! I do this ! take my picture ! I be Max ! Max gornick ! jordy grab Max - push he away . jordy get outta here ! korfin what the hell happen ? jordy they be inside . they booby trap she apartment ! korfin scan the crowd . look for emil and oleg . in the b.g. , duffy be scream . duffy what the hell be you talk about ??? they be gonna do what ? jordy and korfin turn . the Chief have a phone to he ear and be freak . int . lobby of channel 12 broadcasting - night jordy Pov as he enter the tv station . his clothes burnt and still wet . the lobby 's full of angry cop . Tommy and Leon , still in he funeral suit , scream above they all at maggie the producer and she assistant , who be stand behind the desk . tommy where be he ?! where be hawkins ?! maggie he 's not on the premise ! leon I want the tape . go get it and bring it here this minute . maggie any request for the video must be direct to " top Story 's " attorney - Bruce cutler . I will be happy to give you he number . Leon jump over the desk where maggie stand . Tommy push past the security guard to follow Leon . they continue toward maggie , push she further back into the office . she try to protect herself with a office door which Leon slam open . leon Lady , if you put Eddie 's murder on tv , I will get a warrant for you arrest and shove it so far up you ass it will come outta you mouth ! maggie I want you shield number ! hawkins ( o.s. ) viewer discretion advise ! maggie ( point at the tv ) you want the tape ? there it be ! Leon , Tommy , all the cop and jordy - turn toward a tv set which be mount in the lobby . the " top Story " logo flash on the screen , then Robert hawkins be see behind he desk . hawkins what we be about to broadcast be very graphic footage ... everyone be rivete . but jordy notice outside ... a " top Story " news van be wait in the alley . Robert hawkins jump from a doorway and into the van . jordy back out . int . planet hollwyood - night pop ... a video Pov of a bottle of Crystal as the cork be pop . the videocamera pan up to emil sit at the table . he nod at the waiter who leave . emil raise the glass - look into the lens . emil America ! who say you can not be success in America ? I arrive with nothing , know nobody - now look - I be a success story ! the videocamera be lower . oleg turn it off . ask suspiciously . oleg you be success story ? I be success story ! why do you say I and not we ? emil oleg , do not be paranoid . you get a hundred - fifty thousand dollar , do not you ? I give you half of what they give I . look - here we be ! emil gesture toward the big television set . we be in Planet Hollywood - where diner and that by the bar can watch a huge screen hang from the ceiling . Robert hawkins be introduce he show . hawkins ( on t.v. ) good evening . welcome to " top Story " . tonight , I present to you material of a graphic and violent nature never before see on television . and I do so with a heavy heart . you will be first -hand witness to the slay of celebrate New York City homicide detective , Eddie flemming . it would be only normal to ask , why ? why be we show something so journalist , I must show it . a democracy survive through the freedom of its media , and if we can not see what be happen then we do not deserve we democracy , or we freedom . Eddie flemming be my friend . I cry when I watch this footage and vow to fight this violence with every molecule of my be from this day onward . hopefully , this will have a similar effect on you . one final word , this material be absolutely not appropriate for child . the restaurant buzy . emil check he watch . oleg in movie they make of we , who do you think would act I ? emil the one who get catch in the bathroom . ( beat ) George Michael . emil laugh . oleg do not . oleg I be serious . emil shut up . look ! emil point towards the tv . " top Story " be continue . the scene cut to emil 's video footage . Eddie be handcuff to the chair . the light illuminate he face . oleg ( o.s. ) this be my project . I say ' action . ' I be the director ! you be the talent . you wait for I to say ' action . ' ( beat ) and ' action ! ' emil bad last moment - I cut it out . emil look at oleg - furious . emil ( cont 'd ) I tell you to cut that out before we hand in the tape ! oleg be quiet . watch . oleg watch the big-screen tv as emil raise the pistol to Eddie 's temple . Eddie push he over the desk . Eddie then knock emil with the chair and emil fall off the desk onto the floor . Eddie continue around with the chair and drive oleg back across the room - pin he to the wall . Eddie and emil both go for the gun . Eddie knock he out of the way . stabs he with the leg of the chair repeatedly . leave he in a ball on the floor . oleg come at Eddie and he knock oleg over the coffee table and onto the sofa . the blind and lamp shade be shot - bathing the room with more light . emil stab Eddie in the stomach . oleg kneel down for a close - up . emil die. die. ext . time square - continuous hawkins ' van drive across Times Square . jordy 's car follow . we widen out ... Eddie 's murder be be broadcast on the jumbotron in Times Square . people stare up - stunne . int . planet hollwyood - continuous the dinner patron be watch tv . shock . emil glare at oleg . emil why do you leave that stuff in about you be the director ? oleg because I be the director . do not you realize , if it be not for my film , for my talent , my idea to do this - no way would we be sit here right now . emil you idea ? I think it be my idea . oleg tense . emil laugh . emil ( cont 'd ) be not you just the cameraman ? oleg do not laugh . oleg I be serious ... this - this be a great american film . full of violence and sex . and I want my credit . emil credit ? oleg yes . before we hand in the next video - I put title on it and my credit be go to read - directed by oleg razgul . emil yes . but there 's only one problem - you want credit but the problem be - I do not share credit . oleg be piss . emil ( cont 'd ) you get that ? oleg no , I do not get that ! emil you think you be a director ? you be a fuck little , small Russian piece of shit . and I hate you . I fuck hate you . emil slap oleg across the face . oleg stand up . emil suddenly pull out Eddie 's gun but before he can pull the trigger , oleg stab emil in the arm ! emil squeeze off a shot through the crowded restaurant . patron scream - oleg run through the restaurant , escape . it 's chaos . hawkins arrive with a crew and with bruce cutler , a confident , tough criminal attorney . emil pull the steak knife out of he arm , pick up a napkin - press it to he wound . emil ( cont 'd ) oh , hello . cutler access the situation . emil ( cont 'd ) be you my attorney ? ( extend he hand to cutler ) I be emil . I be insane . cutler I be not you lawyer until I see the money . emil here . I have you money . emil pick up a briefcase and hand it to cutler . cutler open it - inside be the cash emil get from Robert hawkins . emil look at the table , push the plate and silverware aside . emil look under the table , throw the chair aside , freaking . he 's lose the most important thing in he life . emil ( cont 'd ) oh no ! no ! shit ! cutler ( follow emil - reach out to he ) emil . take it easy . stay with I . sit down . what do you need ? what be you look for ? emil he have the camera ! he take the movie ! jordy come in , gun raise . jordy do not move ! do not move ! get you hand up ! Drop it ! emil put he hand in the air . immediately drop the gun ! emil I give up ! jordy be disappointed ! he do not want to take emil alive . hawkins signal to he camera man , who swing he camera at jordy as he approach emil , he gun aim at emil 's head . cutler this man be unarm , officer . he 's surrender . jordy crack emil across the face - knock he down . cutler ( cont 'd ) what be you hit he for ? jordy turn that camera off ! jordy handcuffs he . emil turn to the camera for sympathy , appear more hurt than he be . emil no. keep filming ... jordy realize how media savvy emil be and understand in that moment why he 's surrender . jordy yank emil up - drag he across the restaurant floor - emil still favor he ankle . cutler ( to emil ) do not say anything . emil where be we go ? cutler I be come with you . emil yes . yes , come with I ! cutler ( to jordy ) I be invoke rights - this man be represent by counsel . I be come with he . the " top Story " crew be all over they , filming everything . cutler stay close to emil . make sure he 's in the video footage . jordy turn that camera off ! ext . planet hollwyood - continuous as jordy come out with a limping emil , police be arrive . Tommy , Leon and Murphy run over as jordy open the back door to he car . Leon grab emil . leon I will take he . jordy no way ! he 's mine ! leon ( hold on to emil , squeezing he arm hard ) we be takin ' he . do not argue ! jordy he 's my collar ! leon well , he kill my partner ! jordy he 's yours but I take he in ! I will drive he to the precinct , you can have he but I be walkin ' he in . Leon realize jordy want to be see on tv take emil into custody . leon okay , kid , have you 15 - minute . I will follow you . Tommy , you ride with he ! Leon stare hatefully into emil 's eye . leon ( cont 'd ) you be goin ' down , motherfucker , you be goin ' down . I will be there with a smile when they put you down ! cutler hurry to emil 's side . cutler do not say a word . do not respond to he taunting ! ( to Leon ) he 's represent by counsel . you want to speak to someone - you speak to I ! tommy out of the way , counselor . Tommy shove cutler aside . cutler do not you put you hand on I , detective . jordy push emil in the back seat and slam the door . Leon turn to hawkins , whose camera be filming everything . leon and you , you will pay for what you do ! hawkins ( low ) this footage will work in you favor . when the jury see this - no matter what cutler try , they will convict he . Leon look at he . this man use to be he friend . leon you outta be ashamed . ashame of yourself . hawkins if I do not put it on somebody else would ! I be he friend ! leon do not give I that fuck shit . the camera be roll . murphy do not get into it on tv . leon ( yell to other cop car ) alright , let 's get go ! Leon and the other cop rush to they car . jordy be already behind the wheel . as soon as Tommy jump in the passenger seat , jordy take off . the camera film he drive away . int . jordy car - night jordy take a leave turn , racing away . running all the light . tommy what be you doin ' ? you be gonna lose everybody ! jordy rip through another turn , head toward the West side highway . the car speed up the ramp and race up the leave lane - have lose the police . tommy ( cont 'd ) where be you goin ' ?? this be not the way to the station ! jordy look up at emil in the rear view mirror . ext . west side highway exit - continuous jordy pull off on 130th Street . they be way uptown in the middle of nowhere . the car drive down a dark street . crumble , vacant building dominate the street and there be no people around . ext . deserted STREET - continuous the car slow down . Tommy watch jordy , realize what 's go on . jordy stop at a dead end . pull open the back door , yank emil out and start to drag he up into the desert tunnel . tommy jordy ...??? listen to I . you can not do this . this be not the way to do thing . jordy ignore Tommy , slamm he up against the tunnel wall . jordy be you a fireman ? that how you know how to rig the apartment ? emil my father be . he give I many lesson about fire . now it 's my friend . jordy Tommy , take a walk . tommy what be you gonna do ? jordy do not you get it ? he know he be gonna get catch ! that 's why he videotape Eddie 's murder - he think he 's gonna get off . tommy do not stoop to he level ! jordy toss the car key to Tommy . jordy take the car . get outta here , Tommy . tommy look , you can not shoot he in cold blood . jordy ( erupting ) get outta here now !! get in that car and drive away !!! do what I say or i'll kill you , too !!! Tommy nervously back up toward jordy 's car . climb behind the wheel and drive away , leave jordy and emil alone in the darkness . jordy take out Eddie 's pistol . the one emil take from Eddie . jordy open the cylinder - two bullet leave . jordy snap the cylinder shut , tuck Eddie 's gun in emil 's belt . he drag emil away from the wall , into the center of the empty space - unlock emil 's handcuffs and throw they aside . still hold the gun on emil , he circle around to face he . jordy ( cont 'd ) get you hand up ! get you hand up ! now face emil , he stick he gun in he waistband - the same place he put emil 's . jordy ( cont 'd ) you wanna be a real american ? go for you gun . emil hold he arm out - make it clear he 's not go for the gun . jordy ( cont 'd ) pull the gun ! you want to be famous ? shoot I , you will get more headline and make more money . emil watch jordy ... a slow grin spread across he face . emil you can not kill I . you be not a cop . just fireman with a gun . I bet you never shot anybody in you life . jordy you will be my first . jordy pull out he 9 mm and push the barrel right between emil 's eye . emil c'mon . pull the trigger . do it . oh , look , you be sweat . you do not have the ball . jordy get down on you knee . emil get on he knee and start to sing in Czech . siren fill the air . Police car come fly down the street . jordy ( cont 'd ) where 's you partner ? emil the Sheraton ! on Broadway ! room 210 . go get oleg . he will kill you . Leon run up . Tommy 's relieved to see jordy do not kill emil . leon gimme you gun , jordy . we all want he dead but you can not do it this way . emil be still smile . jordy suddenly slam emil in the face . knock he to the floor . he jump in he car and speed away . int . broadway sheraton - 2 nd floor hallway - night a room service waiter wheel a tray with a magnum bottle of Crystal , with three glass , toward oleg 's room . jordy follow behind he - gun aim at he back . waiter do you really need I ? jordy keep you mouth shut . do not mess this up . they reach the room . jordy flatten himself against the wall . the waiter knock . hooker' voice who 's there ? waiter ( nervous ) r-room service . a hooker , wrap in a towel , open the door a crack , look out at the waiter . hooker come in . jordy whip around the corner - point he gun and push the hooker back out of the room . jordy move to the bedroom door . peer through the crack . oleg sit on the edge of the bed in he skivvy with two naked prostitute . he 's hook up he videocamera to the tv set and be show they he footage of the fire . oleg look at that . see that shot ! seamless . no cut . ( excited ) and look . look at that transition . that 's filmmake !! be not it great ?! jordy kick in the door - gun raise . jordy do not move ! oleg grab the videocamera . have on hooker in a head lock and pick up the other one . he rush at jordy - use one of the hooker for protection . jordy ( cont 'd ) Drop the girl ! Drop she !! oleg push the hooker at jordy - knock jordy back into the live room and over the back of the sofa . oleg rush out into the HOTEL hallway oleg run to the fire exit - jordy follow , chase oleg down the stairwell . ext . broadway - night oleg burst out a door which open onto Broadway . he run through the crowd - knock pedestrian aside ! jordy chase he , gun in hand ! oleg run into the street , darting in and out of traffic , car brake to a stop . one slam into another . jordy leap over a car , close in on oleg . people gawk . even in New York , it 's odd to see a man be chase in he underwear . oleg run , knock people aside . he 's hold the camera in he hand . it 's on . jordy stop ! stop that man ! a uniformed cop turn as oleg run right into he . knock he down . oleg beat he , take he gun and run into : int . movie theater lobby - continuous oleg , gun in hand , run past the ticket taker at the door . ticket taker hey , come back here ! the ticket taker run after oleg who continue past the candy counter . jordy rush in the door . jordy where be he ? where would he go ? ticket taker Middle door . jordy continue run through the lobby - past the middle door - and enter the theater through the far door . int . movie theater - night jordy enter the theater , crouch down in the aisle . it 's a night scene , the theater be dark . jordy try to see face . he cut through a row of seat to the middle aisle . drunkss voice kill he ! kill the bastard ! jordy spin toward the voice - it 's a drunk . other start yelling for blood ! audience shoot he ! shoot ! a gunshot ! jordy duck ! another gunshot ! jordy realize the shot be come from the screen . oleg look ! over here ! jordy turn . oleg stand up and fire at he - try to film jordy 's death with a videocamera . jordy duck , then rise up with he gun as oleg vault over the seat , leaping from one to the other , mash shoulder and head , bound for the screen . jordy everybody down ! stay down ! jordy fire as the screen villain blast away . some in the audience do not realize the real thing be happen . oleg leap on the stage in front of the screen , illuminate by it . jordy run down the aisle . oleg fire at jordy . jordy fire back . people panic - scurrying away - jordy can not get a clear shot . oleg fire again , wound a moviegoer . jordy raise up as the theater light go on ... and oleg be go ! jordy jump on the stage - run backstage - oleg have disappear . jordy ( cont 'd ) shit ! siren be hear from outside . voice of cop be hear as they enter . close on tv a reporter be in Times Square , report from outside the movie theater . reporter ( on t.v. ) ... and the wild chase through Times Square end with the suspect , oleg razgul , escape . the fire department have identify the fire marshal involved in the fail pursuit as jordy Warsaw . the channel be change . peter arnett be report the same story . peter arnett ( on t.v. ) in a related matter , Mr. slovak 's attorney , Bruce cutler - famous for handle sensational case - claim he client be unfit to stand trial . int . jail cell - wider - day daphne sit on a bench in a jail cell . watch tv through the bar . she be in the fire department 's hold cell in Brooklyn . peter arnett ( on t.v. ) in fact , cutler claim Mr. slovak be not the alleged mastermind behind the murder . accord to cutler , Mr. slovak be be direct by he partner , who threaten to kill he if he do not follow Mr. razgul 's order . cutler tell reporter today that Mr. razgul do in fact stab he client . the scene cut to cutler 's press conference . cutler my client , Mr. slovak , be a victim . what 's happen be not he fault . emil be under the influence of he partner . at the trial , you will see that my client will be vindicate ... int . bellevue - mental observation unit - day the camera widen from the tv set . we be now in a interview room , a guard be post outside the room . emil sit at a small table - with cutler . emil be dress in Bellevue clothes . he 's handcuff and he ankle be bandage . emil give a complimentary nod toward cutler . cutler I bring you some letter . it 's really fan mail . woman mostly . one want to buy you clothes , another send a check . another want a check . emil you bring the cigarettes ? cutler oh , sure . cutler shake a cigarette out of the pack , stuff it in emil 's mouth and light it for he . emil have never smoke before . cutler ( cont 'd ) how're they treat you , alright ( emil be nonresponsive ) I want to get the cuff off ... but there 's a little bit of a problem . thing out there be very negative right now for we . we gotta change that around . perception be very , very important . perception be reality . I know you be not fuckin ' crazy . but it 's important that I get that message out . Cause that 's we only defense in this case . emil lean forward . cutler retrieve the cigarette from between he lip . cutler ( cont 'd ) I want you to focus on three thing : fear ... he put the cigarette back in emil 's mouth . cutler ( cont 'd ) ... delusion and paranoia . emil I be all of this . cutler well , you do not appreciate the severity of it until recently . no question about that . emil what about oleg ? cutler disappear . they be look everywhere . maybe he go back to Czechoslovakia . emil no , he be here . shit ... cutler do not worry about he . think about yourself . emil what about my movie rights ? Book rights ? cutler look , I have not really focus on that kind of thing . emil what 's you cut ? how much ? cutler I would say ... half . half be fair . emil ( laugh ) no . no way . cutler but it 's ... emil thirty -percent . no more . or I call another lawyer . this be the biggest case of you life . do not try to negotiate . thirty percent . say yes or no . cutler this be not about money , emil . I need you trust in I . emil what else do you need ? cutler I need to know about you background . I need to know about you upbringing . why you be here . emil ( indicate cigarette ) give I another one , please . cutler stuff another cigarette in emil 's mouth . light it . cutler tell I about yourself . what you do as a young boy ... what you parent be like . emil my father always degrade I . kill my self -esteem . and my mother be blind . cutler you mother be blind ? emil yeah , she go blind give birth to I . she go to fuck black market doctor to induce I . cutler back in the Czech Republic ? emil yeah , yeah ... bad doctor give she bad drug which make she go blind . and my father blame I for she blindness ... cutler you father blame you for you mother 's blindness ? emil yeah , he hate I from day when I be bear . put it out . can you put the cigarette out ? cutler take the cigarette from emil 's lip and extinguish it . emil ( cont 'd ) that 's what he do to I . he put cigarettes out on I . cutler you father put cigarettes out on you ? emil out on my back when I be a small boy . cutler can I see you back ? emil rise . cutler come around and pull he shirt up . he entire back be cover with disgusting purplish welt from cigarette burn . cutler recoil - horrify . cutler ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus . emil I be abuse . do not you think ? cutler I do not think it 's abuse , I think it 's torture . int . FIRE station 91 - duffy' office - day Inside the arson squad , duffy sit behind he desk . jordy stand across the table from he Chief . behind jordy we can see Garcia and korfin outside , listen . duffy have a subpoena in he hand . duffy the public do not have any idea what we do and now you be go to define we image ! this be go to be we rodney King ! jordy what be I suppose to do ? the guy try to mug I . I be gonna send a cop back - I just forget . duffy forget ? you handcuff a civilian to a tree ?! jordy Chief - I know I screw up - but this guy be no innocent civilian . duffy well this be gonna end you career and probably mine . jordy end my career ? duffy how be you go to fight this ? maybe if oleg have not get away and you would be on the front page , as a hero , this thing would be easier to fight . you would have the good to weight against the bad ! it 's unfortunate that I have to make decision base upon you press coverage but there 's nothing I can do ! gimme you shield . jordy but Chief ? over this ?? duffy there 's nothing to talk about . get a good lawyer . you be suspend until you trial . jordy sigh . dying inside . he surrender he shield . drop he handcuffs , he pager and he gun . duffy pick up the gun - look at it . duffy ( cont 'd ) ( pat jordy 's shoulder ) I know you get backup at home . Drop it off . jordy sigh and exit . int . immigration &amp ; naturalization office - day jordy be talk to bill stern , a senior special agent . in another office we see daphne with two 25 - year old assistant U.S. attorney . stern ( to jordy ) look , what do not you understand ? we have get a good relationship with the Czech 's and the State Department do not want to cause a incident . jordy but the d.a. need she as a eyewitness ! stern they have get she testimony on videotape . and even if they do take she to court immediately after she will be extradite . the czech want she back . she shot a cop ! I mean , Christ , man , what if emil slovak and oleg razgul fle to the Czech Republic ? how would you feel if the czech would not give they back to we ?! stern look over at daphne sit in another office . lower he voice . stern ( cont 'd ) and just between we ... I be marry to a redhead . they be a jinx . redhead be like cross -ey priest . stay away from both . jordy give he a look . stern ( cont 'd ) you want to see she - go ahead . jordy enter the other office . sit next to daphne . the assistant U.S. attorney leave . jordy we be gonna fight the extradition . daphne take jordy 's bandage hand in hers . daphne forget about I . you have enough problem of you own . jordy ... do you really want I to forget about you ? daphne I do not want to drag you down with I . jordy daphne , I ... daphne touch she finger to he lip . daphne shhhh . she lean in and kiss he . then look into he eye , try to find a smile . ext . federal court house step - day it 's week later . nicolette be look wear , tired , frazzle . she 's try to go through she stand up . but she 's unravel . not recover from the loss of Eddie . nicolette ... and today with he partner who he blame for the crime still at large , emil slovak will appear in court . his lawyer will argue that he be mentally unfit to stand trial . eyewitness News have also learn that later this month , jordy Warsaw will himself be appear in court . he will be arraign on charge of violate the civil rights of ... Zwangen ... Zwagen ... mike Zwangendaba . nicolette goddamn asshole everywhere . Zwangenbobby .. Zwangendaba . I get it . I will do it . shit. let 's start again . 5-4-3-2-1 ... she start over . int . jordy apartment - night jordy 's on the couch . a drink in he hand , watch tv with he dog , zack . jordy 's eye be glaze . he 's drunk , he eye be as bloodshot as Eddie 's be ... without he job or daphne . his mind mile away - the dog and drink be he only comfort . as nicolette report ( she get the name right ) , she anger seep through she broadcast . nicolette ( on t.v. ) Mr. Zwangendaba claim to be a direct descendent of the African King from whom he take he name ... jordy 's face be flashed on screen . the phone ring . jordy pick up . jordy hello ? ( listen ) no comment . he hang up . the phone ring again . jordy ( cont 'd ) hello ? ( listen ) no ! jordy hang up . change the channel . he stop as Robert hawkins ' face fill the screen . he be stand across from someone - in a park - interview he . hawkins ( on t.v. ) he rob you ? the angle cut to Zwangendaba , the mugger , now dress in a suit and tie . clean shaven and with a fresh haircut . he stand in the same spot where jordy handcuff he to the tree . he 's appear on " top Story " . zwangendaba ( on t.v. ) that 's right , I encounter he right here . I be just askin ' for change a ' he whip out he big gun a ' push I up against that tree , whereupon he take my money and handcuffs I to it , leavin ' I there all expose ... the phone ring again . jordy suddenly pull the phone off the table and throw it through the window : back to tv as the channel be change . a reporter be on tv . behind he be a picture of emil . emil be smile , in a shirt and tie . the reporter stand in front of the jail . reporter ... and wbai have learn that Mr. slovak will not have to worry about how he be go to pay for he defense . he have receive movie offer and be in conversation with numerous publisher concern the rights to he life story . reverse angle oleg be at a bar watch tv . poison with envy . int . jordy bedroom - next morning jordy stand in front of the mirror over the dresser . we see the tv overturn in the b.g. his back up gun be on it . he stare at it . Dark thought dance in he head . ext . battery park - day jordy sit in a taxi , wear sunglass . look inside the park where a police barricade surround a police tugboat . cutler and emil be arrive - emil be be transfer to ryker Island . jordy pull he .38 out of he ankle holster and stick it in he pocket . close on meter to $ 42.00 . the taxi driver look in the rearview mirror . taxi driver I can not believe this guy get off . unbelievable . jordy take out money . all he 's get be fifty buck and he cram it into the slot . jordy whatever 's leftover , keep . jordy exit the cab . the anger rise inside he body be come to a boil point . he walk into the park . Leon be sit on a bench . just sit there . also fill with rage and frustration . jordy meet he eye . Leon get up and walk away . disgust by it all . jordy 's right hand grip the gun inside he pocket as he walk on . high wide shot many policeman be try to control a swarm of reporter . all be wait for emil . we see : hawkins and he camera crew , and , not far from he - frustrated and frazzle , wait nicolette . still grieve she loss , she look over at hawkins and he crew . she shoot he a disgust look - hawkins shrug it off . he check he watch - anxious - look at he cameraman . hawkins he say he would be here . pick he up as he come through the crowd . do you hear I ? for chrissake do not miss this . the police van pull up cutler 's car behind it . emil - handcuff - be unload from the van . Reporters swarm forward - cutler get out of he car , hurry up , take he place alongside emil and the police escort . the swarm follow - fire question at cutler . he answer the barrage of question with : cutler ... my client be suffer from a major illness of schizophrenic nature wherein during time of intense stress , as a result of paranoid and psychotic delusion - there be impairment of he ability to appreciate wrongfullness ... this be a victory for the mentally ill ! jordy walk alongside the move mass . his eye focus on emil - he hand in he pocket . we notice in the crowd Max , the celebrity - craze pyromaniac . what 's he do here ? Max 's hand be also stick deeply in he pocket . a weird gleam in he eye . we see korfin in the group , speak to other cop . nicolette and she camera crew be vie for they place in the mass . she watch emil with quiet rage . cutler continue : cutler ( cont 'd ) ... before emil board the police boat and head for ryker Island where he will be check into the psyche ward , I want to say one last word to you all ... as you know , emil be coerce by oleg razgul into commit this murder , yet oleg be still out in the street , a free man , filming gruesome murder ... my client and I hope he be bring to justice in the near future . they be through the monument , approach the step when jordy pass a distract hawkins - who 's check he watch obsessively . hawkins where the hell be he ? goddamn it ?! jordy glare at emil . emil look back at jordy , gloat . smile . he win . he beat the system . jordy suddenly erupt . jordy you think this be funny ?? what the hell be you laugh at ? emil stare down jordy . jordy grip the gun inside the jacket . cutler ( to a nearby escort ) Officer , keep this man back , he 's assault my client on previous occasion . a patrolman block jordy from emil . jordy this be it ? this bastard kill the best cop this city ever have and we do nothing ? cutler you may not like it marshal , but that 's the law . jordy and what about the other victim ?? what about they family ? he will end up in some country club nuthouse while he lawyer sell he rights to the movie and we just stand here and do nothing ? we let this scumbag walk ? jordy move past the officer . emil break away from cutler . get in jordy 's face . laugh quietly . emil be careful . I can kill you . I be insane . jordy shove emil into cutler . a scuffle break out as the cop separate the two - pull jordy back as we cut to : a video Pov as it approach hawkins from behind . a hand dip into frame tapping hawkins on the shoulder . hawkins turn - see who he 's be wait for . his face light up . hawkins I think you would not show up . where be it ? where be the tape ? it's oleg in disguise - sunglass and a hat . holding he videocamera . oleg it 's all in here . all in here . meanwhile jordy have be separate from cutler and emil as hawkins ' voice cut above the din of the crowd , announce excitedly : hawkins wait a minute , Bruce ! we have get some interesting evidence , something you should look at ! Reporters turn as hawkins speak . his crew be taping as he continue introduce he broadcast : hawkins ( cont 'd ) I have exclusive rights to the original uncut videotape shot by oleg razgul , prove emil slovak be not insane ! hard to believe ... watch ! Reporters swing they camera over as oleg hold he videocamera up in the air . oleg ( on video ) he know exactly what he be do - all of this be plan ! it 's all here in my movie . emil be not insane . look. look ! oleg plays he videocamera as lense focus , we see excerpt of the moment where emil explain to Eddie : emil ( on video ) ... so we kill someone famous and if we be catch , we be send to mental hospital ... cutler ( point to oleg ) officer , there 's you killer , do you duty , arrest he ! the police be attempt to get to oleg , but a sea of reporter separate they . we hear the staccato call from the press corps . nicolette look on in amaze outrage . jordy notice and start move towards she . before the police captain in charge of the detail can react , the rage which kill milo , tamina and honey well up inside emil . he yell at oleg ! emil traitor !! oleg no . you be the traitor . you be murderer . I be director . action ! oleg pull he gun . emil pull cutler in front of he as : bang ! oleg fire ! cutler be shot and go down . hawkins swing he camera over to oleg - filming the would - be assassin . oleg fire off another shot - hit the court officer escort emil . emil grab the down officer 's gun . he swivel - rapid fire at oleg . oleg topple . people be scream . it 's chaos . emil dart forward - grab nicolette who be close to he . he put he handcuff arm over she head - point the gun at she head . captain Drop the gun ! don't shoot ! emil I will kill she ! back off ! everyone back away from I ! we hear jordy 's voice above emil . jordy let she go . let she fuck go !! the captain be scream at all he man . captain no one shoot ! lower you weapon ! do not fire ! no officer will fire he weapon unless I say so ! ( to emil ) let the woman go ! cop reluctantly lower they weapon . but jordy be still aim he gun at emil . he be the only one who have not lower he gun . the captain be yell at he . captain ( cont 'd ) holster you weapon ! back away . that be a order ! no officer will fire ! emil be scream back at the captain as jordy scream at emil . emil tell he to put he gun down ! jordy let she go ! let she go !! emil if he do not lower he gun I will fuck kill she . jordy do not lower he gun . emil try to back away . the reporter - who have duck and cover - be still keep they lense point at the scene . this be great film ! jordy follow after emil - he gun raise . jordy let she go . nicolette shoot ! shoot he !! emil shut up ! meanwhile , the captain be still yell : captain no on shoot ! no one shoot !! no officer will follow . no officer will shoot ! nicolette be still encourage jordy . nicolette shoot ! shoot ! shoot he !! emil shut up ! everyone be scream at once . it 's mass chaos . the captain be try to keep everyone calm . cop follow along with they weapon lower . all except jordy - he gun still point at emil . hawkins can not believe what footage he 's get . he 's push he cameraman to the front of the pack . try to get the best coverage . emil ( cont 'd ) I will surrender !! I will surrender if he lower he gun . he 's point at jordy but he 's continue to back away towards the police boat . nicolette do not . do not let he surrender . shoot he ! jordy will not take he gun off he . jordy let she go . let she go . the captain be yell at jordy . captain lower you weapon . I tell you - lower you weapon ! jordy struggle to get a clean shot at emil . he can not . his heart pound . adrenaline pump . he suddenly lower he weapon . turn away . the captain visibly relax . emil laugh . jordy suddenly turn back . quickly raise he weapon . jordy shoot emil take a shot in the leg . nicolette duck under the handcuffs and scurries away . emil look at jordy - surprised he shot he . jordy fire again . emil be hit in the shoulder . jordy march forward , emptying he clip in emil 's chest . abdomen . head . gun fire echoe in the humid air as emil stumble back . do a funny dance and drop to the ground . Dead . the captain yell . captain ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to shoot ! no officer should shoot . jordy quietly answer : jordy I be not a cop . I be a fire marshal . hawkins he 's still alive . hawkins look down at oleg . he be sprawle on the ground . his videocamera in hand - he 's still make the movie . oleg' video Pov as it zoom from the statue of Liberty and pan to oleg . he look in the lens with he die eye , gasp : oleg a film ... by oleg razgul . and oleg die but suddenly he eye pop wide OPEN . hawkins jump back , oleg smile , cough in pain . oleg ( cont 'd ) how be that ? oleg 's head roll to one side . now dead . nicolette run over to jordy . compose herself . come together . glad emil be dead . jordy start to walk away . nicolette wait a minute . where be you go ? learn from Eddie . talk to the court of public opinion . take the credit , you need it . she turn he around . straighten he tie . start to push the hair out of he face but he stop she hand . jordy no thanks . jordy put something in she hand . she look down . it 's eddie' badge . the one jordy take out of daphne 's bathroom . she look up at he . her cameraman roll . the lens point at jordy . jordy look at nicolette . meet she eye . he do not want to make a statement . he still do not want the fame . he do learn from Eddie . Eddie be kill because he be a celebrity . jordy want no part of it . nicolette cut . her cameraman lower he lean . jordy smile . she nod . jordy turn and walk away . nicolette ( cont 'd ) get a shot of he leave . then pan to I . jordy disappear into the sea of people . the camera pan back to nicolette . nicolette ( cont 'd ) well , he would not talk to we , but you see it . the camera pull back from nicolette 's face and the video be now on : the jumbotron in time square we pull back further and further . nicolette finish she stand up : nicolette ( cont 'd ) New York City have a new hero , Fire marshal Jordan Warsaw . I hope that Fire marshal Warsaw 's heroic action this afternoon will help with he other legal problem . wb11 have also learn that the fire marshal have retain a immigration lawyer to help daphne handlova with she case . we wish she well . this be nicolette karas , live at battery Park , wb11 New York . good night . the screen fade to black .