16 Blocks by Richard wenk January 2004 blackness too inky and deep to see much . a room of some kind . and the faint glow of a alarm clock 's LED read 6:16 from another room a phone ring . muffled talking then ... boom ! a door explode OPEN , light pour into the small room revealing a wiry russian man asleep on a cot . his wild haire brother shake he awake . ext . brooklyn STREET - dawn the Russian Brothers exit they shit-hole walk - up dress in paint splatter work clothes and clutching mug of instant coffee . they get into a Black econoline Van and drive off ... ext . supply store the Black Van idling next to a load dock , radio blaring . int . black van the Russians wait , eye on the Delivery door . cold and bored , wiry shake out a line of crystal meth on the console and snort it . a stocky , well - dress man emerge from the side entrance , walk to the Van and drop a large paper bag onto the driver lap . speak to they in Russian then disappear back inside . Wild Hair open the bag and remove two tech-9 handggun and four clip of ammunition . hand they to he brother who begin load they . Wild Hair jerk the van onto a Brooklyn Street . the Van swallow up by morning traffic ... int . apartment 4d - same time look at the front door . chain , dead bolt and police lock . nothing out of the ordinary . except the cat in the foyer that stare at the door , mesmerize at something we can not see . it just stare . and stare . then suddenly the fur on it 's back stand on end and it bolt just as ... boom ! the door explode inward , batter ram distintegrate the door jam . hinges flying every which way as Police burst inside , weapon drawn . lead team freezing , gan drop to they side . camera drift to the ground to three shirtless drug courier sprawle around a_card table cover with scale , baking soda and baggy . elaborate jailhouse tattoo interrupt with well place bullet hole . int . apartment 4d - wider peel wallpaper and gated window cover in tin foil . narcotics officer cannova , pederson and brigg , all mid 30 's and vital , survey the carnage as second team sweep the rest of the place . cannova kneel down next to the body propped up like a ec . tailor 's dummy against the wall and c 's the body temperature . cannova couple hour . ( strand ) he 's clean house fella . gotta move now . ( turn to pederson ) who 's downstairs we do not need ? pederson unclip a radio from he belt . pederson that 's easy . int . apartment hallway both team huddle outside the apartment , some have handkerchief under they nose . from up the stair limp jack mosley . mid - 40' , out_of shape , face flushed from climb the two flight . a slight herniate limp to he gate . cannova pull he inside the apartment . cannova I need you to baby sit this until uniform get here . do not leave until it 's seal . the hard - body cop then turn and herd the other towards the stair . Jack stand inside the apartment as the SOUND of both team dissipate down the stair . he take out a handkerchief , cover he nose and step over one of the body . go around the room check the cabinet . finally find a bottle of cutty sark under the sink . plop down with it on a decompose couch , pull a DAILY news from he back pocket and begin he wait . ext . fifth precinct - early morning aging pre-war walk up on the boarder of Chinatown and Little ttaly . int . precinct lobby uniform , paa 's and a few civilian look for justice . Jack walk in past the ts ( telephone and sign - out ) desk head for the stair , slightly buzze . pass the waist high sergeant desk manned by a uniform sergeant . sergeant Big Jack 's in the house ... hey the loo 's look for you . anti -crime division - morning fluorescent -lit room with poor ventilation and row of government issue metal desk . all of which be fill with cop type 5 's ( case report ) , take statement or interview witness and perp . loud and chaotic . grace , a large Hispanic woman and the unit paa ( Police administrative Assistant ) , field call at a reception desk . Jack saunter over and lean in close . jack | when be you go to run away with I Gracie ? Grace reach into she top drawer and slide a box of tic tacs towards Jack , never look up . grace how 's Thursday look for ya . jack bad . get a colonoscopy schedule . anytime after that . grace porgeant cannova call in . twice . wonder where you have be . need you to write up a wire request . ( hand he a paper ) they 's the particular . Said to make sure you put the right date on this one . Jack ignore the remark and pop a breath mint . jack he say when they need it ? grace Said you can get it sign on you way in tomorrow . Jack 's relieved . stretch . jack where do the time go ... grace and the Lieutenant 's look for you . be up twice already . Said to find he right away . Jack eye the clock above she . 7:54 int . third floor hallway lieutenant kincaid , young , freshly launder and all attitude * bs ss up the stair and down the hall in he crisp blue iniform . stride into anti-crime . Jack slip out of the coffee room and down the stair like a * kid without a hall pass . * precinct lobby - morning Jack stand behind several other cop wait to sign out , wishing the line to move faster . look into the bullpen * with its overworked cop and the incessant ringing of phone . * Jack 's eye drift to a elderly chinese woman , sit alone on a scar mahogany bench . clutch some personal belonging , face numb . sudden widow . she 's escort by some detective to a interview room , no one see page of she dog ear photo album slip behind the bench . Jack look away , walk up to the sign - out desk , grab the pen ... then drop it . int . bullpen Jack dig the album page out from behind the bench and calis a uniform over . hand they to he , point to the interview room . step back into the lobby and walk back to the ts desk , reach for the pen ... when another hand snatch it away . lieutenant kincaid stand there hold the pen . * kincaid Grace tell you to find I ? jack ; do not remember . be deal with a ton of shit . kincaid barely hide he disdain . hold out a folder . kincaid get this guy from lock - up and take he to Centre Street . da need he asap . he 's get to be in front of a Grand jury before ten . jack I be off the clock , loo . . kincaid you sign that sheet ? Jack want to kick himself . jack do not you have some regular mutt doin’ this ? kincaid can not find he . jack c’mon loo , I have be on all night . give it to cibelli or meadow . they 's be on light duty . kincaid cibelli and meadow be busy do police work . this be a nothing assignment Jack . one guess why the Captain pick you . jack you be too busy ? kincaid fuck you . be up to I I have have you drive blood 's les to state ab or reorganize the filing cabinet for the gambling squad . kincaid slap the folder into Jack 's hand , check he watch . kincaid {cont have ) a hundred and eighteen minute to take this hemorrhoid sixteen block . even you can handle this one . holding cell —- precinct basement massive steel bar set in turn of the century cinder block sit at the end of a long concrete hallway . 6. a cage - in watch room be to the leave . behind it sit 8 jail cell and a hold tank . Jack walk to the window but there 's no one behind it . Bangs on the cage . jack yo ! a correction officer , bloat and bored look , shuffles out of a back toilet buckle he pants . correction officer Excuse I for take a shit . Jack shove the pick up slip through a slot in the cage without a word . the Officer grab it and waddle back towards the celis . wait Jack flip open the folder . Edward bunker . underneath a long list of arrests_and date . B and E 's mostly . all petty shit . just a lot of it . clanging of the steel door open make Jack turn . the correction Officer slide he paper back through the slot . correction officer ( cont ! d) come back in a hour . jack hour ? what for ? int . cell block the thick steel door of cell number 6 roll open and reveal eddie bunker , fringe phayer and all around fuck up sit in he underwear . mid 20 's , he appear quite comfortable like be . correction officer ( os ) suppose to wear a suit when he leave . Jack look to Eddie . eddie grey one . two button , cuff on the pants . jack and ? correction officer not here yet . Jack walk over to Eddie . jack get dress , Eddie hesitates . eddie I be suppose to have a suit . it be part of the arrangement . jerk Eddie to he foot . jack New arrangement . Cause I be not wait a hour for a fuck grey suit . cell block - minute later Eddie step out of the cell in he street clothes . clown size jeans , hilfiger polo shirt and Korean sneaker . he clutches a ratty School composition notebook in one hand and have a look of grave disappointment . eddie that suit 's kinda important to I . Jack ignore Eddie and cuff he . a wizened face push he head against the bar of the opposite cell and look pleadingly at Eddie . face , you take the old jady right ? be that it , kid ? the old lady ? Eddie shrug as Jack pull he down the tomb~like hallway . face ( cont have ) what 's the answer ! precinct lobby - morning Jack sign out a vehicle then push Eddie towards the double door , mixing in with uniform filing out in pair to start they shift . a fresh -face uniform go against the flow , press he way inside , suit bag over he shoulder . Eddie pull up , about to say something but Jack yank he out the door , Eddie look back as he suit disappear into a sea of blue ... ext . fifth precinct - baxter STREET the curb jamme with Black and whites and unmark Police car . Jack pull Eddie down the sidewalk , check key tag against license plate . Eddie notice the hitch in Jack 's walk . eddie get a little limp there . Jack keep walk in stony silence , the shrunken blood vessel in he head start to throb . unlock the back door of a crap-brown impala and shove Eddie 's head down and through the door . int . impala Standard issue with a slide fiberglass partition separate front from back , which be open . Eddie settles in . eddie this car never change . same drive shaft hump in the middle . same smell . pinesol and wet dog . Jack pop the car in gear throw Eddie back against the seat before he can finish . ext . baxter STREET Jack hang a right and lurch into the morning rush hour traffic int . impala Jack flip down the visor and weave the car towards West Broadway . sneak a look at Eddie in the rearview . kid scribbling something in he book . cut car off try to make the light . which he do not . gridlock at baxter and West Broadway put the impala at a dead stop . the LED clock on the dash read 8:06 they sit in silence for a minute . Eddie 's mind whirring away . leans forward . eddie you be drive along in a hurricane . you_pass a bus stop with three people wait there . a old lady who 's about to die , we best friend who save you life once and the woman of you dream . you only have room to take one . what do you do ? Jack turn up the radio pretend he do not hear it . eddie ( cont have ) it 's a ancient question that 's suppose to tell you what kind of person you be inside . {beat ) who do you take ? Jack hit the accelerator and hang a sharp leave down a small alley . weaving around delivery truck and sanitation bin , toss Eddie back and forth across the seat . cut across a ... parking lot in and around commuter pull in . get familiar wave from the attendant as Jack maneuver the car onto ... ext . mulberry STREET - morning awning be unfurl , pusheart line the curb . heavyset men in bermudas 's and gold chain set up fold chair outside mobbed - up restaurant . the impala slip into traffic . int . impala Jack look back at Eddie through the mirror , the kid still wait for a answer . eddie the old lady , right ? I mean she will not make it if you leave she . but that sound obvious . kid 's not go give up . jack I would not drive in a hurricane so it do not apply to I . eddie it 's hypothetical . pretend . jack I do not have to . so shut up . eddie okay . ( beat ) they say you soul 's not intact until you know the answer . Eddie sit back and look out the window , ponder the estion . oblivious to he circumstance . which bug Jack or some reason . jack what have they give you ? eddie give I ? 10 . jack must 's have cut yourself a sweet deal sittin 's there all comfy like . eddie oh , dropped the charge . anda suit . which I do not get thanks to you . jack that 's cheap to rat to a grand jury . eddie it 's all I want . and I be not a rat . I be a conduit of information . that 's what they say . jack yeah ? well if it look like a rat and squeal like a rat ... Eddie think for a minute . eddie could be a vole . they look like rat from far away . hen you get closer and you realize it be not one . Jack stare at the kid then push through a yellow light fake a right onto Lafayette . never notice the Black econoline Van stay close behind they . ext . lafayette STREET - early morning pedestrian in rush mode fill the sidewalk . bodegas roll out cart of fruit and green . Grill work be roll up as business OPEN . int . impala Jack look impatient . eye search the sidewalk for something . Eddie sees the top of a massive granite build 12 block away . eddie that it ? Jack ignore he . spot what he 's look for . eddie ( cont have ) if you know all the crazy stuff that happen to I in the past couple month ... see I just never watch for the sign . never know to look for ‘em . {more ) il . eddie ( cont have ) then when I start , everything fall into place . even when it make no sense . like yesterday . all bad . ( beat ) but I be right where I be suppose to be . you believe that ? Jack double park the impala on the west side of the street and shut off the engine . jack I believe life 's too fuck long and guy like you make it even longer . start to get out . eddie where ya go ? Eddie look across the street at the liquor store then to the dashboard clock . 8:09 eddie ( cont have ) I get a appointment after court . gotta be there by noon . jack you will get there . Eddie watch Jack fumble around in he pocket for some cash . eddie you be not the regular guy who do this , be you ? jack first time . how be I do ? eddie I do not think you be suppose to stop . jack no ? gee , I better check my witness escort handbook . oops , I forget it . oh weil ... Jack get out . leans back in . jack ( cont have ) when you get to the courthouse you can fill out one of that card and rate you travel experience with the nypd . slam the door . 12 . ext . lafayette STREET Jack lock the impala and cross the busy street into a liquor store . the Black econoline Van drift past and disappear around the corner . int . chinese liquor store small and cramped with too many aisle and too many stack box . Jack limping towards the back and grab a bottle of Puerto rican rum and a bag of nut . int . impala Eddie stare out he window then check the dashboard clock . edgy all of a sudden . eddie he 's not the right guy . not sense the Black econoline Van pull up directly . behind the impala , throw a shadow through the back window . int , chinese liquor store Jack move to the register . a middle - age chinese man and he wife behind it . Jack exchange pleasantry with they in break chinese . the wife laugh and correct he . show Jack a picture of she daughter . ext . lafayette STREET the Van 's door open and the two Russians step out into the street . both hold canvas bag . the wiry one hang by the Van , eyeing the foot traffic . Wild Hair move to the street side of the impala . int . chinese liquor store the chinese man bag Jack 's breakfast while the wife make change . Jack about to leave when the chinese man beckon he towards the back ... int . impala - same time Eddie bunker look around try to see where the hell Jack be . check the clock again . slide to the passenger door and try to open it . no door handle . start over the partition when then hear a tapping on the street - side window . 13 . Falls back to see some wild haire Russian man peer inside . smiling as he motion Eddie to roll down the window . Eddie slide over and look for the button . int . chinese liquor store Jack be show the jimmied lock on the back delivery door to the store . empty liquor carton lay nearby . Jack . explain something in chinese and motion to the security monitor over the register . int . impala Eddie gesture to the Russian to_try the door . hearing shout : turn to see the wiry Russian scream at he other . look back in time to see the tech-9 pressed to the glass . blam ! only the glass do not shatter . instead it 's spatter with blood , hair and brain matter . what 's leave of the Russian 's face slide away revealing Jack , he gun barrel still smoking half - way across the street . ext . lafayette - simultaneous Jack stand in the middle of the street , gun hand shaking . tunnel vision_and audio collapse wash over he . not hearing the pedestrian scream or brake squeal around he ... nor see the wiry Russian come from around the Van raise he tech - 9 until it 's too late ... turn just in time to hear the chamber explode ... the exact moment a skid taxi sideswipe the Russian knock the shot a millimeter off line . pedestrian and shopkeeper scatter as the bullet shatter a plate glass window . Jack charge toward the impala . knee pump like out of sync piston as the wiry Russian get to he foot , too high and too craze to register pain . level the machine pistol and blasting away ... int . impala Jack belly through the door as bullet thud sickeningly close to he ear . a cacophony of metal chunks be disgorge echo around he . not notice he 9 mm bounce to the pavement ... 14 , Eddie hugging the back floorboard . eddie what 's happening ?! Jack beneath the steering wheel , fumble for the radio . drop it as sliver of glass rain down on he . reaching up and turn the key . heart hammer through he rib . get the key in the ignition and throw the impala in reverse , press he hand on the accelerator ... the impala slamming into the Russian , knock he six foot ... Jack up into the driver seat , throw it into drive and accelerate towards spring Street . ext . impala Russian firing from the ground , bullet pelting the rear tire . the car leak fuel and spew smoke . sputter onto spring Street . int . impala Rolling to a stop half - way up the block ... Jack try to locate the Russian through crack window and smoke , people obscure he vision . grabbing for he gun and realize it 's go . kick OPEN the passenger door , stay low and rip OPEN the back door . Eddie bunker ball up on the floor , clutching he book . pull the kid onto the sidewalk as the street swim with people and movement . jack and eddie - moving across the sidewalk and down a service alley as fast as Jack 's bad leg can take they ... come out into another alley ... eye try to focus , operate on pure instinct . spot the Van on Lafayette , door open and no one inside ... the crazy Russian out here somewhere ... over a small cinder block wall and into a ... SMALL parking lot - mulberry STREET dozen of car pack like sardine in between two building . Jack and Eddie stumbling over hood and bumper . Jack pull Eddie into the ... 15 . int . parking kiosk just off the sidewalk . cramped makeshift office with a gated window and door-less entrance . Jack grab the rotary phone . freezing when he spot he come fast across the street . | backlit by the rise sun . Hand already reach behind he back , the skinny man zeroed in on Jack . push Eddie to the floor as the man pull he hand from behind he back and aim ... a parking ticket in Jack 's face . man I be the tan caddy . ext . mulberry STREET Jack pull Eddie across the street , adrenaline surging . hitting the sidewalk and head south . Jack suddenly realize that Eddie be go . turn to see Eddie run back towards the commotion . Cars swerving around the kid . Jack head after he , scream . Eddie stop to avoid a taxi , Jack just about there when Eddie bend down and retrieve the notebook he drop . jack be you fuck nut ! Jack yank Eddie to the side walk , try to get he bearing . a bike messenger whizzing by make Jack flinch , the business man reach into he briefcase ... suddenly everyone look like a potential killer . delivery alley move in and around the delivery truck deliver produce , meat and liquor . Jack try shake the fuzziness . try to remember what to do ... boom ! a door burst open ! Jack spinning ... three chinese busboys dump steaming water into the alley . every movement , every sound be heighten . Jack still search ... Eddie hum to himself now . Jack watch the sign above gated back entrance ... en pindin it . jerk Eddie through the back door of number and into - 16 . int . storage room jamme with liquor box pile too high to be safe . the alarm wail ... Jack push Eddie towards a curtain doorway when suddenly a baseball bat fly through it , miss Jack 's head by millimeter , smash into a crate of merlot . Jack grab the bat and pull dominic forlini , the white - haire 77 year old bar owner through it . surprise and shocked by the sight of Jack . forlini Jesus Jackie I think it be kid . jack lock it . int . dominic 's - early morning a tiny drinker 's hideaway on the edge of Little Italy . Red naugahyde booth , kidney shape bar with two espresso machine . Jack to the wall phone , know right where it be . shaky finger dial ... jack this be officer Jack mosley , badge 227 . I be 10 - 13 , one - three - three Mulberry ; Officer be plainclothes , green shirt , black slack . I have male prisoner , 24 , white polo shirt , sneaker . we be under fire . perp be in white overall with automatic weapon ... dispatcher ( os ) Roger 10 - 13 , 1- 3 -3 Mulberry - . Jack hang up as dominic shuffles in , see the blood cake above Jack 's leave eye . forlini Jackie what 's go on ? you -- but Jack be move again . point to the illegal busboys as he cross the room . jack get ‘em out of here ! you too . forlini herd they out the front door . Jack drag Eddie hard into a booth along the far wall . jack ( cont have ) they say you be a nobody ! 17 . eddie I be ! I swear ! I do not under -- Jack roughly haul Eddie out of the booth and across the room ... jack rat like you turn my stomach . you people do not give a shit who get cover with you garbage . eddie this be a mis - - Jack throw he into a booth leave of the door and underneath a large window . jack bottom feeder like you would rat you own mother it mean save you own ass . Jack reach ap and polis the curtain close , plunging the bar into even eater darkness . operate on sheer instinct . rust and cobweb show ... booth Jack drop in hard and angry . jack shoulda let they kill you ... Eddie 's body still tremble , hand wrap tightly around he notebook . ; eddie I be just suppose to - jack , not another syllable . the SOUND of brake screeching to a halt outside . Jack part the curtain a sliver . uniformed patrolmen jumping from they blue and white ... relief spread through Jack . pulse drop . cross to the bar and pour a johnny Walker as Eddie peer through the curtain . eddie' Pov as_two unmark Cars pull up : patrolmen turn as men in suit exit they vehicle flash gold shield ... 18 . booth Eddie stare unblinkingly at the large suit in particular , face go pale . Jack look up from the bar to see Eddie slide under the table ... boom ! the front door explode open . int . dominic 's - wider homicide detective frank nugent be inside before Jack can move . detective jimmy mulvey and ROBERT torre right behind , spread out across the room , movement routine and precise . the back alarm sounding then shutting off . detective jerry shue , step through the back curtain , exit light above bounce off he blue-black toupee . give nugent the all clear sign , and everybody holster they weapon . mulvey 's thin , a hawk - like nose and hood eye , torres short and compact . a fire hydrant with foot . hard - ass guy . nugent look at Jack with a shit-eate grin . a large man who do not inhabit the room , he consume it . older than Jack , but vital . the eye and arrogance of Ted Williams . nugent shit hit the fan and he 's stand there with a drink in he hand . like it be nothing . ( beat ) God I miss this bastard . the other snicker . Jack look around confuse . nugent ( cont have ) we be two block over when the call go out . Heard it be you , we make like the friggin’ cavalry . reaches across the bar and slap he meaty hand on Jack 's shoulder . nugent ( cont have ) Long time Jack . under the table Eddie take small , silent breath . his view obscure by table and chair . he eye the door to he leave when torres 's stumpy leg step in front of he . Eddie freeze any movement , notebook clutch to he chest . try to find a sign in this ... 19 , dominic 's - wider all eye on nugent as he belly up to the bar . relaxed and confident . nugent Big mess out there Jack . you do not lose the wit , do ya ? jack no . he 's safe . nugent good man . where be he ? Jack hesitates . something 's not right about this . but_he 's unable to keep he eye off the booth near the door . all eye shift across the room . Eddie bunker slowly rise from beneath the table . eye lock | into nugent 's . a flicker of recognition and fear . Jack look from > Eddie to nugent . Eddie bolt for the door but mulvey and torres grab he . nugent casually sit on a bar stool as he guy drag Eddie across the room . nugent ( cont have ) how you be , Jack ? Heard you have be to the farm . Jack look down at he drink . jack twice . work a strong program now . nugent smile as Jack knock it back . nugent you believe that mutt gruber make Captain ? told I you hook up with cannova 's unit . suppose to be a good bunch of guy . Jack 's half listen . watch mulvey throw the kid in the corner and pat he down . jack he 's clean . mulvey look back at Jack , grin , and keep patting . nugent still with what 's she name ? the newspaper lady ? jack not for a while now . 20 . Jack see mulvey now uncuff Eddie and hold he while torres pulis a Saturday night special from he ankle and press it into Eddie 's shaking hand , then let it drop to the floor . nugent look back to he guy then to Jack . nugent cocksucker be gonna testify against Ryan . you remember he from narcotics . part of my team now . t) ( bea Dick x11 roll over they indict he . and I can not have that . his shit 's gonna open some closet I can not ave open . some go way back . suddenly Jack 's whole demeanor change . like he 's be slap out of a deep , medicate sleep . nugent ( cont have ) the whole thing catch we unaware . you be a last minute thing on this . suppose to be teach ’s_ nephew drive he . that 's he thing . who know where the fuck he go . so gruber peg you . ( laugh ) never figure you have cap one of ‘em , fuckin’ Russians . that 's what you get when you hire drug addict . across the room , torres hold the throw down gun with he handkerchief and fi L mulvey with he foot on Eddie 's chest . nugent ( cont have ) I figure it this way . you pop the guy try to spring the rat as stard but the little shit get you gun . take you hostage . we come in and save the day . he die you live . like order a sandwich . wait for Jack to process it . eyeing he like a father would the wayward son . nugent ( cont have ) shit , maybe you get a medal . get you life straighten out . get you_back where you belong . this could be a good thing Jack . torres nod to nugent . they be ready . nugent ( cont have ) you want to stay for it ? Jack do not move . look around the room . mulvey to he leave . torres on the right . shue dead center . now look at Eddie . body tremble , eye plead with Jack . 21 . eye fall to he drink . stare into it like there might be a answer there , self loathing wash over he face . nugent 's run out of patience and stand . nugent ( cont have ) make yourself useful . pour we a couple of drink . nugent cross the room and nod to shue . Jack turn he back , unable to watch . reaching for the chiva when he catch Jerry shue in the mirror , eye-fuck Jack with a shit-eate grin as he take out he .38 torres and mulvey move away from Eddie . shue aim the gun ... blam ! the SOUND be deafening . Jack pull the trigger on the saw - off shotgun that be under the bar , blowing Jerry shue 's leave kneecap into tiny fragment . swing and rack at the same time , both barrel levele at Frank nugent 's heart , arm a little shaky . torres and mulvey weapon still holster , freeze . Dead silence . ever reath , every creak magnify . the writhe , unnatural moan of Jerry shue the only SOUND . Frank nugent do not blink . stare right down the barrel of dominic forlini 's tape up shotgun . you have swear he heart never skip a beat . nugent ( cont 's d) that change everything Jack . Jack move around in front of the bar , shotgun rise to nugent 's head . nugent ( cont have ) jury 's tenure end at ten . that kid get there a minute past and all this do not matter . Ryan walk . all you have to do be look the other way . jack Eddie . Eddie hustle across the room and behind Jack . Jack back the both of they towards the rear door . nugent I can not help you once you walk out that door . Jack step over Jerry shue , eyeball roll back in he head like a Atlantic City slot . Eddie disappear through the curtain . Jack hold nugent 's stare , try to hold it together . 22 . then he 's go . torres and mulvey grab they weapon . mulvey move to Jerry . torres out the back door . nugent look down at Jerry shue with no emotion , pull he cell . eyeing the neon clock over the bar 8:18 nugent ( cont have ) get he to a hospital . make sure he know to keep he mouth shut for now . nobody outside this room know a thing ; ( dialin be cell ) and stay off you radio . we know where he 's go so this should not be hard . ext . delivery alley move with Jack and Eddie underneath scaffold , past a empty load dock to a set of cement step lead to a sub - basement door . Jack shake ... jack what the fuck do you see ? tell _ eddie that big guy in there and he friend , the one whose picture the da show I . I see they tell some Puerto rican dude to get lose or they be gonna carve up he kid . threaten he . that 's a . Jack 's mind beginning to clear . int . basement - chinese laundry dripping steam pipe feed a dozen industrial washer and dryer . swelter , oppressive heat . chinese worker sort and fold on both side of a long cafeteria table . down a dark cinder block passageway . Jack find a drainage grate , drop the shotgun info it . eddie do not we need that ? jack have one shell in it for twenty year . lucky it go off . Eddie stare at the drainage grate like it mean something . 23. delivery alley - same time torres , thick and massive , move with the methodical concentration of a panther stalking its prey . int . chinese laundry Street level . Jack pull Eddie out of the service elevator and towards the door , badge in the air for the surprised owner to see . calm he in halting chinese . stepping next to a seamstress work in the window , peer out . no black van . no Russian . no Police ... Jack unlock Eddie 's cuff . whip off he shirt , toss it away . just a T-shirt now . hand Eddie a shirt from a clean bin . jack put this on . then hand he a hanger of dry clean . jack { ( cont 's d) walk slow . like you know where you be go . I will be right behind you . ext . west broadway - morning Eddie step into the street and start South , Jack three step behind , the two weaving through the crowd . Eddie , dry ciean bag giung over he shoulder , hugging the shadow of the building facade . Jack 's eye darting everywhere . patrol car from mid-town South , 1st and the 5th cruise by from side street . none of it seem to bother Eddie , walk down West Broadway with a coolness in he step . jack they do not tell you Ryan be a cop , do they ? eddie I just see he picture on the table . they never say he be police . jack well you be about to rat out the top homicide detective in the New York City police department . Bet that 's worth more than a suit . cross Grand Street now , blend in with the foot traffic . get lose in a sea of face ... the courthouse eleven block away . the clock on the mony build steeple flash 24 . 8:21 ext . grand STREET - same time Frank nugent stand in the doorway of a board up Restaurant , hand in he pocket . one by one unmarked car pull up and stocky men exit the vehicle . some in suit , other in windbreakers and jeans . weapon jamme in the back of pants and in shoulder holster . this be hard , unflinch cop . we be too far away to hear but it 's obvious nugent be briefing they . no small talk either . the fact , the deal and that 's it . they break as quickly as they get there . just as a official car pull to the curb . out of it step daniel gruber , Captain of the 5th and very piss . again we be too far away to hear what 's be say . but nugent seem to be a calming influence . they walk toward we and slowly we begin to hear ... nugent ++. put out description over precinct channel . no name . or hat one 's a cop . it will help to have some eye . ( beat ) . how long can you sit on this ? gruber he shot a cop for christsake . nugent you be the precinct Captain , Dan . how long ? gruber hour . maybe a little more . who 's on this with you ? nugent ny guy . Ortiz and maldonado from the six -six . touhey and kaller from the one -eleven . a couple of other you do not want to know about . I have call in all favor . gruber stare into the busy street . gruber guy can not tie he shoe without fall down suddenly he 's a cowboy . what 's that about ? nugent I wake he up . that be my mistake . ( more ) 25 . nugent ( cont would ) he 'il probably do what he always do and we can all go back to work . gruber and if he do not ? nugent this be he street , Dan . I want to quash this thing before he get he leg back . ( beat ) it will get ugly for the six of we if that kid talk . ext . west broadway Jack and Eddie approach Broome , foot traffic thinning . Eddie walk more relaxed . Jack just off he leave shoulder . Eddie slow to look in store window as they go . jack pick it up . eddie you say go easy . _ sack I be say go faster now . Jack search for a cab now . eddie slow , fast . you have no idea what you be do , do you ? ( beat ) I be sure you_have you good quality . but ever since I meet you nothing 's go right , so TI ave to consider the possibility that I be with the wrong gy : mean look at you . out of teath , hungover , and a leg that 's gonna ive out any secon you be a orse , they have shoot ya . no offense . jack none take . come froma guy who 's spend half he adult ein the joint . eddie I cease and desisted be that guy a while ago . jack sure you do . 26 . pass a duane reed and a window of clock . Eddie stare at the time : 8:25 eddie look . this be a big day for I . I need to be at a certain place by noon or I can not get what I be destine to have . and in order to get there by noon I have to be inished in court by ten . I can not be late . Jack 's not hearing a thing . eye now search the street . start of the day foot traffic make it hard to spot trouble . suddenly realize Eddie 's not talk and look back . gone . head spinning in every direction . nothing . then a tapping SOUND on glass . see Eddie wave from inside ... int . cammeranor bakery ricotta cheesecake , cannoli shell , sheet of prato cookie fill display case . White cake box with customer name | stack against the back wall . fat italian women with they stocking roll down pick up order from mama cammerano . bell above the door ringing as Jack slide into the crowded store and hover near the front window watch the street scene unfold . cop in blue fan out across West Broadway . eddie when you go in for you leg , get you eye check too . Jack watch they movement over the top of wedding cake . Eddie slide to the cake display near the back , captivate by the elaborate cake . grandma cammerano eye he suspiciously . eddie ( cont have ) you make all this here ? insulted , grandma spit something in italian and gesture towards the back . int . bakery back room steel table and rack of delicacy . large men hand stir large vat of batter and pull freshly baked bread from brick oven . against the far wall a beautiful 19 year old italian girl meticulously decorate a sheet cake . at least attempt to . 27 . mama cammerano 's son , alfonse ( 40' ) lean against she , ress he sweaty body against hers , pretend to be interested in she artwork , furry hand smoothing out she apron in inappropriate place . suddenly Eddie 's face appear over he shoulder . eddie never see a border like that . very inventive . you do all the cake here ? alphonse have to step away . the girl look at Eddie , a shy , but dazzle smile of thanks . alfonse she speak no English . who you be ? you inspector ? eddie that 's right . fda approve . this here be a spot check . ( hold up notebook ) pon t make I put you down in my ook . Eddie look around the place then start around the table , pick up a icing tube as he go . slowly stroll behind iphonse , make the man nervous , appear on the other side . eddie ( cont have ) when 's the last time you disinfected you utensil ? or that guy have shower ? huh ? better get you act together my man . alfonse be flustered and stride towards the front . only now do we see the back of he jacket . the word ass script out in powder blue icing . the italian girl stifling she giggle . eddie ( cont have ) well he be . ( beat ) you do not need have to put up with that crap . Sue he for harassment . besides , you get talent . you could work anyplace . and I should know . bakery window Jack see torres appear on the block . walk towards several of the uniform . talk with they . suddenly all eye look right into the bakery . bakery back room Eddie show the girl a page in he book . 28 . eddie ... this one 's kinda elaborate . so I seal it first with a glaze . give you a stronger canvas . then I use butter cream instead of shorten . she 's not look at the page . just at Eddie . not understanding a thing but enjoy he enthusiasm . eddie {cont have ) ( flipping the page ) on this one I take --- Eddie jerk away towards service door by Jack . look back for oné last look at the smile girl . ext . service alley narrow and cramme . Jack pull Eddie close . jack : this be not a game asshole . keep it together or we be both dead . Eddie turn and hold out the business card . eddie know what that be ? Jack say nothing . eddie ( cont would ) it 's a sign . ( beat you know how long I have be look for a place that sell this particular buttercream ? well the irl in there use the same uttercream . give I they card . that bakery , that girl , this moment . what be the odd ? jack you be nut . eddie I be just follow the sign Jack . i_just can not figure how you fit in all this . int . cammeranor bakery alfonse scrub the icing from he sport coat as torres and two uniform enter . they walk over to the italian girl who slide she cake into the display . torres ask she the question . the italian girl not understanding . 29 . alfonse ( eyeing the girl with contempt ) they go out the back . ext . service alley torres step out into the narrow delivery way . look right then leave . no Jack or Eddie . int . build stairwell Jack limp up a back set of stair as fast as he break body can take he . Eddie stay a few step in front , take it slow on purpose . eddie ; what 's interesting in all this be cop always stick together . eat so I be wonder why you be not ? Jack hurry to the next floor , too wind to say anything . ext . service alley torres a block_away from the bakery , eye search . row of walk - up . eye fall on basement door . all the glass panel glisten in the morning sun . except one . torres move closer and see the pane be miss . unclip he cell phone ... FOURTH floor hallway Jack 's breathe be heavy as he search for a hide key outside apartment D. not there . jack shit . Eddie push Jack aside . eddie step aside and let a pro handle this . int . apartment D we hold on the door as the sound of a lock be picked be hear . then heard again . and again . the door not open . finally the medeco dead bolt click open , then the cylinder lock . '' the door swing open to reveal Jack hold a piece of the dry clean hanger . 30 , jack no wonder you be twelve- time loser . can not pick a simple lock . eddie yeah , well if I have more time ... Jack push past he as Eddie take in the surroundings . neat , functional and clean . eddie ( cont have ) woman . about you age . Works . ( touch a half - dead plant ) a lot . nothing of any real value . Jack not listen . rummaging through the live room closet . come out empty hand . jack where have she put it ... eddie guess you have not be here in a while . you and the lady on the out ? Eddie move to the hallway now . spot picture lining one of the wall . picture family shot . a smiling woman in most of they . and two of a young , more vibrant Jack . in he rookie uniform with gleam , idealistic eye and a few year later with he arm around the woman . eddie so that 's what you look like when you smile . ( beat ) you lady 's pretty , Jack . Eddie eye drift into the bathroom . toilet seat up . man 's razor on the sink . uh oh . Eddie quietly lower the seat and hide the razor so Jack do not see . walk into the bedroom and slide open the closet . Men 's clothing . shut it just as Jack walk in . eddie ( cont would ) nothing here . maybe -- Jack fling it open . stare at the clothes , a flash of hurt and sadness appear on he face then it quickly disappear . leans down into the back of the closet and finally reemerges with a dust cover .38 and a box of shell . Eddie watch Jack stare uncomfortably at the clothes for a beat . 31 . eddie ( cont have ) sorry . hallway Jack move full tilt out of the bedroom load the .38 and move towards the door ... freezing when he sees_the door handle turn . motion Eddie away from the door . pull he down the hall just as .. the front door explode inward . torres step inside , weapon drawn . int . apartment D torres eye the live room . not move a step . listen . start he way through the place . live room , hallway , bathroom , bedroom , finally the spare room . all empty . returns to the live room , holster he gun . almost out the door when torres spot the empty shell box on the coffee table . torres quickly bolt the door , turn , sense heighten . take out he Glock and move to the live room closet . empty . now down the hall ... into the bathroom , check the shower . nothing . to the bedroom ... window gated and lock from the inside . closet of clothes and nothing else . back to the hall and into ... spare room no window in here . just a desk , wobbly Ikea dresser ... and a large closet . torres level the gun as he kick open the hinge door ... not prepare for the murphy bed falling from the wall . slam into torres and drive he into the ground . pin he underneath , Jack and Eddie on top . torres reach he Glock ... fire a round through the mattress . the shell searing past Eddie 's ear . Jack roll off the bed . torres feel the cold steel of Jack 's .38 against he temple . freeze as Jack cock the hammer . 32 . Eddie lift the bed as Jack roll torres on he belly . use he handcuffs to secure he hand . jerk torres to he foot . Eddie against the wall , touch he ear . still feel the heat there . torre shoulda do what you always do , Jack . Jack roughly drop torres onto the bed . stop when torres 's cell phone vibrate . torre ( cont have ) they know I be here . I do not answer it ... Jack grab torres 's cell phone from he belt and shove the bed up into the closet . front door Jack racing to the front door , stop when he see Eddie 's not follow . kid stand in the hall , strange look on he ace . jack c’mon . not move . touch he ear . jack ( cont have ) what ? eddie I gotta pee . should I go now or hold it ? jack go already ! Eddie slip into the bathroom as Jack look around the apartment . a end -of- the-road sadness about he as_he take in what use to be familiar surroundings and be no longer . jack ( cont have ) let 's go ! Water still run . Jack bolt to bathroom and kick open the door . bathroom empty . window to the fire escape open . Jack look out the window and see Eddie almost to the street . jack shit! 33 . int . build stairwell Jack huffing and puffing down the stair . wincing every time he leave leg hit the marble step . heart drive a body that can no longer keep pace . torres 's cell phone ring . Jack flip it open . nugent ( os ) bob. jack he 's napping . a pause . nugent ( os ) Hell Jack . I be impressed . ( beat ) you shoot he too ? Jack do not answer . nugent ( os ) ( cont have ) feel good , do not it Jack , back on you eset . do the thing . ea you remind I of teddy Apple from the academy . same kind of cop . ( beat ) fourse we know what happen to im . jack that be a bad thing . nugent ( os ) that 's not the point Jack . should not have happen . he could not do what be necessary . bither can you . Long silence . just the SOUND of Jack 's labor breathe . nugent ( os ) ( cont have ) you_lost he , do not you . he bail on you . ( laughter ) you blame he ? ( beat ) well I get thing to do . go home Jack . ( beat ) by the way . I forget all about Diane . how 's she be ? Jack slapping the phone shut . 34 . ext . delancey STREET - morning service door to the street bang OPEN and Jack hit the sidewalk . no sign of Eddie . moving with Jack as he cross delancey , down a cross-town alley and out onto bowery . look into the sea of people on they way to work . no way to spot he in this . try to think now ... int . nugent 's car - same time nugent shotgun . mulvey drive . radio open as a communications technician triangulate the cell phone signal over the radio from one Police Plaza . com tech ( 0.s. ) subject 's move east on delancey . approach bowery . mulvey look at nugent who smile . eddie - same time move quickly down bowery . swallow up by the crowd , eye straight ahead , notebook under he arm . but the distant sound of police siren and the inability to see past the people in front of he put he on edge . int . subway station Eddie race down the step and jump in line to buy a token , eye taking everything in . behind he a weary woman commuter , with a defeat , world - will not stop-kick my - ass face , grumble at the line 's slowness . two uniformed cop come down the stair and stopping , radios squawking . Eddie wishing the line to move faster , a tuning fork of nerve . step to the window , a transit cop right next to he ... eddie one please . and realize ... he have no money . look back at the face of impatient commuter . transit cop eye Eddie . step out of line look for a place to go . thinks about jump a turnstile but another transit cop hover just on the other side . people push past he to make the next train . seeing the uniform begin to scan the commuter ... the subway clock announce it 's ... 35 . 8:31 heart pounding ... then notice the woman commuter scoop 30 token into she hand and head for the turnstile . she fumble and drop all thirty token on the ground . one roll across the cement floor right to Eddie ... who step on it . look at_ the harry woman as people push past she without even a glance . the woman gather up the token and start for the turnstile . Eddie not move a muscle , foot cover the valuable token . watch the woman inch closer to the gate . struggle with something and mumble to himself ... eddie ( cont have ) always do what you have always do ... lift he foot , grab the token , walk up and hand it to she eddie ( cont / d ) ma ’‘am ? you miss this one . woman — you want a friggin’ reward ? the woman push through the turnstile . Eddie watch she go , eye fall to the ground .. and to the glint inside he right pants cuff ... where a single token rest . subway platform Eddie anxiously make he way to the front of the platform . hear the blare of the approach D train . suddenly a hand grab he shoulder and spin he around . lack , jack let 's go . eddie no . Jack press he .38 to Eddie 's kidney . which do not seem to bother Eddie . eddie ( cont have ) you gonna shoot I ? ( beat ) that bullet back there miss my head by less than a inch . it be a sign . ( beat ) : and in case you do not notice , I do not start be target practice until I hook up with you . 36 . jack if I can find you Eddie , they can not be far behind . eddie you be a nice man , Jack . but I have to follow my sign . and you , be a big , fat detour sign . ( beat ) you be the wrong guy , Jack . it 's not you fault . the D train squeal into the station . Eddie and Jack jostle as commuter surge forward . Jack shout over the screeching break . jack Eddie . I can get you there . ( beat ) I need to get you there . people pour out as the door open . Eddie push he way inside , leave Jack on the platform . eddie ; do not worry , Jack . everything 's go to be okay . the door to the car chose . Eddie put up he hand to wave good - bye ... and jack grab it . pull Eddie onto the platform as the door seal shut eddie ( cont have ) what the -- stop when he see Jack stare back into the subway car . turn to back to see two of nugent 's guy ( pouhey ani kalier ) inside the car , flying toward the close door . Jack already pull Eddie up the stair as the sound of train 's emergency break shriek from the tunnel . ext . bowery Jack and Eddie burst from the subway entrance and into the street , Jack try to flag down a cab . Eddie shake , nothing make sense . eddie I do not get this ... jack that 's because you get the i.q. of a sprinkler head . pull Eddie down the middle of bowery look back at the subway exit ... 37 . eddie back in the apartment . what do that_gquy mean when he say you should do what you always do ? Jack watch for a cab . know they be second away from be trap . eddie ( cont have ) you know he . jack we work narcotic together back a way . they go they way I go mine . Eddie processing this . stop in he track as Jack bolt into the street to flag down a gypsy cab . eddie {to himself ) Cause they be bad . and you be not . ( put it together ) I could have get the other guy . the cop who woulda look the other way . I of they . but I do not ... Eddie race up to Jack and hug he . tight . eddie ( cont have ) I get ou ! I be mean to get you . it 's all happen . just ina different order . int . gypsy cab Jack and Eddie pile into the back seat . cab smell like ptale air freshener , open partition separate front from ack , jack 100 Centre Street . the cab pull away . eddie . I be wrong the whole time . you believe that ? jack hard to fathom . Eddie look at Jack . differently now . eddie funny what the sign look like sometimes . ( more ) * 38 . eddie ( cont would ) you think it might be a voice from heaven or a glow that light you way . or a piece of paper that float into you hand with the answer on it . ( beat ) but sometimes it_can be a miserable , crumpled , bum -legge cop with a drink problem . and I almost do not see it . ( beat ) you be the guy , Jack . jack ( exasperate , to himself ) I be the guy . int . nugent 's car - moving mulvey on the phone , navigate traffic onto bowery . nugent 's eye the street , smell blood . mulvey ( shutting phone ) | kaller . they just miss they at the Houston Street Station . nugent ( into radio ) go com tech . com tech ( os ) subject 's move south on bowery . speed indicate vehicle . nugent let 's go . mulvey kick it into third gear . int . gypsy cab - bowery and delancey Jack 's right arm under he jacket , finger on the .38 stomach in a knot . eye peel . traffic crawl crosstown . torres 's phone on the seat next to he . jack make a leave at Broome . I want to come in the back . the fat , unshaven turkish cabbie grunt . Jack look over at Eddie , scribbling in that notebook . jack ( cont have ) what 's with the book ? eddie idea and stuff . 39 . jack like how to break into a Walgreen ? eddie cake . jack cake . eddie birthday cake . tm of ) ening a bakery in Seattle . nly ibicthday cake though . a sp cia ty store . there 's big money pn cake . Dead serious . jack perfect . I can see the headline now . cupcake criminal bring down nypd Big wig . eddie funny . when 's you birthday ? I / 11 send you one . Jack shaking he head , chuckle to himself . eddie ( cont have ) what ? jack nothing . eddie no , what ? jack I have a buck for every one of you that have a plan to do something else I would be live on a houseboat in Florida . ( beat ) trust I . one thing do not go you way and you 's 1ll be srawl out someone 's window with a set of cutlery and a mink coat . eddie I only rob beauty salon . jack I be not even go to ask . eddie they be all the same . sink in the back . chair in the front . Register in the corner . no surprise . 40 . jack that 's what I mean . you be a thief Eddie . that 's what you do . that 's what you will always do . eddie and you know everything , right ? jack i_ know if you drop a slice of bread with jelly on it , it always land jelly side down . ( beat no beat the odd , kid . Jack feel the cab slow . look ahead at traffic be divert onto Grand . six lane funnel into three . Jack check he watch again the look out the window . _ cab driver past this we go better . Jack nodd . racking he brain . willing himself to figure they next move . slowly approach Grand , see the repair crews in the middle of bowery . Jack pick up torres 's phone and open it . jack what 's the ada 's name who cut you deal ? eddie macdonald I think . start to dial ... and suddenly freeze . stare at the phone . jack stop . Driver look confuse . Jack toss money over the seat , open the door with the cab still move and pull Eddie out onto bowery through jamme vehicle , quickly onto the sidewalk and into the sea of people move towards the corner . drop the phone into the back of a chinese delivery cart head uptown . int . nugent 's car - same time mulvey move in and out of traffic and close in . com tech ( 0s subject now head north . I repeat north on bowery . 41 . mulvey look to nugent who smile and shake he head . nugent the mutt figure it out . ( into radio ) thanks com tech . we will take it from here . ( beat ) you be hungover with a bad leg . what 's you next move , Jimmy ? mulvey Change cab . Cause I be not walk . ext . bowery Jack walk along side Eddie . tense and ready as they approach Grand . suddenly pull Eddie into int . electronics store the usual '' go out of Business '' sign that 's be up for a year . place jamme with all kind of gadget . tourist crowd the window outside . Jack move to the Grand Street window and peer over the digital camera display . jack Pov Grand Street traffic jam crawl by ... and a cluster of nugent 's plainclothes cop walk the street eyeball each car and cab , hand on they weapon . eddie Jesus ... Jack step back , just now notice the vast array of clock a flash the same time : 8:40 move back to the door and stop , face drain . two j a thir more cop appear just outside . d , ortiz , already come through the door ... ext . electronics store roof the security access door kick open by Jack , he and Eddie start across the roof . eddie a few more second I woulda have that one . 42 . move to the edge and look down . five storey below nugent 's cop grid search the area . Jack and Eddie move parallel above they . up a four rung ladder and onto the adjoin roof . Jack struggle to keep pace , he limp more pronounce . eddie ( cont have ) you should get that look at . Jack gritting he tooth and walk . eddie ( cont have ) have a friend who iimped just like that . never have it look at . just limped around . finally get too much and go to the doctor . fracture . only now it 's infect . they cut it off . right above the nee . Jack glare at Eddie . eddie ( cont have ) no , it be a good thing . no more pain . even better no more second story work . live in gersey now . motorman on a path train . i whole life change for the better . ( beat ) everything happen for a reason . jack you be a sunny little shit , I 'il give you that . eddie no get around what 's suppose to be . it 's gonna happen anyway so you might as well enjoy the journey . destiny , jack. ( beat ) ever hear that samarra story ? Jack 's too slow to stop he . eddie ( cont have ) guy send he servant to the market for some fruit . the servant come back white as a ghost . tell the guy that death bump into he and give he a strange look . I gotta go to samarra and hide , he say . so he take off to samarra . later the gry go to the market and see death . he ask death why he bump into he servant and give he a strange look . death say , '' I do not mean to . ( more ) 43. eddie ( cont have ) I be ust surprised to see he here when I know I have a appointment with he tonight ... in samarra . '' Eddie wait the require length for a dramatic pause . eddie ( cont have ) see ? you can not cheat destiny . the bullet blow through Jack 's right hand before the shot be heard . Jack fall to he knee , catch sight of maldonado on the far roof in front of they , already on he ceil . Eddie help Jack to he foot and drag he back . over the facade to the next roof . stop as kaller climb onto the roof 60 yard in front of they . now move for rear of they roof , blood seeping out of Jack 's palm . edge of roof Eddie pook over . and extremely wide service alley . on the other side a giant warehouse with the word china farm paint across its football field size wall . one story below the fire escape landing start . saturate with pigeon . 3 ' eddie ‘ump ! Jack hesitates . eddie ( cont have ) C ’mon ! jack I hate that fly rat . kaller 's bullet spray concrete inch from they , Jack jump landing squarely on the steel flooring , pigeon flap into the air . waving he arm like a girl to get they away . look up just as Eddie jump . Eddie misjudge the depth and hit the railing , momentum and body weight taking he over it . sail downward until Jack 's bad hand clasp Eddie 's forearm . Eddie hang there , he free hand clutching that notebook . jack {cont 's d) Drop the stupid book ! Eddie will not . Jack 's grip lessen . at the last second Eddie shove the notebook in he tooth , grab the railing and pull himself up and over . 44 , Jack on he foot , glaring at Eddie . about to start down when a second floor window be blast out . ortiz scramble out gate the second floor fire escape , 9 mm poise to end it right ere . Jack shove Eddie back against the wall . look up at the roof . the pigeon lining the facade , stare at they perch . pin down and second away from be shred . Jack follow Eddie 's eye down four storey to a large dumpster . too far , too small and too dark inside to know what 's in there . jack ( cont have ) you live it 'il be as a vegetable . Eddie stuff he notebook in he pants . stare closely at the dumpster . jack ( cont have ) do not even think about it . eddie it 's right below_us . what be the odd of that ? it 's a sign . jack it 's a alley ! that 's where they put dumpster ! eddie we can make it . jack . there 's no we in this . just -- eddie I can not be late , Jack . and he jump . sail four storey , outstretch arm flap through space - thudd hard into the dumpster . a whooshing SOUND follow by a time delay eruption of ... feather , thousands of white and red chicken feather plume into the air , Jack stare in disbelief . jack you gotta be kid I ... suddenly the pigeon above set sail . kaller 's bullet ricocheting off the railing . int . dumpster Eddie push away the float feather and look up as Jack 's body hurdle down , slamm onto another sack of chicken feather that explode around they . 4s . Jack look at the flutter life saver in disbelief . the first trace of a bewilder smile . Eddie scramble to the edge and jump to the ground as Jack pull himself out . eddie do not be so negative next time . int . china farm warehouse Security door blast open revealing a jong corridor . Jack and Eddie move quickly down it , blood still drip from Jack 's hand . stepping through the first door and into ... int . chicken pen a thousand chicken cramme into wire cage stack one on top of another to the ceiling . in the middle a steel table awash in sticky blood attach to a conveyor belt . the screech bounce off the sheet metal wall be deafening . Eddie cover he ear , just now notice the large plastic bin overflow with chicken head . eddie McNuggets ... int . butcher 's S room two dozen laborer in bloody apron pluck , gut and clean the mound of chicken and duck . large plastic barrel overflow with feather and entrail . ack and Eddie move right through . laborer never look up . ext . china farm warehouse - same time Ortiz , kaller and maldonado coolly and aaickly dispensin direction to three more cop . seal off the exit a fan out in pair , head inside . meat and poultry area Restaurant merchant and chef pick out duck , chicken and cut of beef for today 's menus . over a hundre people jam the tiny area . shout for prize section like it be the stock exchange . loud and chaotic . Jack and Eddie appear through a curtain of plastic translucent slat into the main area . Jack realize he 's trap in the middle of the place and no idea where they might be come from , too many people move in too many direction . camera craning up above the throng of people and show we what Jack can not see . 46 . the three team of cop surround he , move in perfect unison right at he . fish and produce area kaller and maldonado come from the mott Street exit . follow Jack 's blood trail . second away . the SOUND get to they first . a mixture of high pitch screech and human scream . the cop stop in they track . then they see it . a thousand wild chicken come right at they . shriek , | peck , flap chicken . flutter four and five foot in the air ... in people 's face , and at they foot . a tidal wave of white ... a sea of people run over they . kalier try to get he cell phone to he mouth only to be swarm over by hysterical , freedom fight chicken , ext . china farm warehouse - mott STREET pandemonium . people streaming out of the warehouse , chicken peck at they leg and arm . the chicken flooding the sidewalk and darting into the street . kaller and maldonado unable to stem the flow . not enough eye to see it all . warehouse worker in long white coat desperately try to gather the chicken , get peck for they trouble . only now notice two of the white coat ignore the chicken and just walk off . we lose they in all the confusion ... just as nugent 's car pull to the curb , nugent out before it stop . eyeing the surroundings with interest . kaller step to the car . kaller the block 's seal . he can not get be . mott STREET Jack and Eddie emerge from the crowd , drop they white coat and slip into the heart of Chinatown . past noodle shop and acupuncture store . the narrow street and lack of pedestrian make it easy to be see . Jack 's body out of sync as it push itself beyond its limit . 47 . Ortiz 's car screech into view from behind . two more car appear up ahead . Jack 's pull Eddie down a flight of stair and into ... int . madam solka 's house of spirit fortune tell and sell in this flamboyant railroad flat . Jack and Eddie flying through bead curtain , across the black velvet room light in deep red and adorn with too many ornate mirror . several of the solka clan lounge on deep couch that surround the standard round table with a crystal ball and tarot card . down a narrow hall , through a tiny kitchen where the little solka 's be be feed and into a ... back room box stack in every corner . a beefy gypsy sit ina decompose arm chair guardin the contraband . alread : rise as Jack approach , .38 aim at the man 's heart . jack hoe mien ! ( cock the hammer ) where be it ? blackness Broken by a shaft of light as a access panel cut into the floor be lift illuminate a set of stair . Jack and Eddie climb down towards we ... ext . kling STREET nugent 's car screeching up behind madam solka 's just as kaller and Ortiz exit the rear of the building . no Jack . momentary confusion . sense memory wash through nugent . nugent he 's in the basement . headed for the electrical tunnel . he get in there we be fuck . kaller and Ortiz take off with torres and mulvey into madam solka 's as nugent race he car for the end of the block . 48. int . basement room Jack and Eddie move through a underground city . a entire be block of basement connect by door-size hole blast through cinder block and sheetrock wall . each one operate illegal business beneath the street . Jack pull Eddie across a chinese gambling den crowded with fan Tan and crap table towards the door size hole in the opposite wall . next basement Jack and Eddie emerge from the other side of a wall and into a sweatshop of chinese family shrink wrapping bootleg CD 's and video . eddie how far do this go ? jack end of the block . but we be not go that far . ext . kling STREET nugent vaulting out of he car at the far end of kling . blow the lock off a security grate and head down a set of stair without hesitation . int . boiler room nugent push aside a shelving unit and kick the plywood door behind it off it 's hinge ... basement room migrant worker silk screen t-shirt and stamp out . knockoff prada handbags . Jack and Eddie crossing through , roll open a steel door and enter the next room . this one be empty . a abandon cock fight de with open wire cage and a blood stain ring surround by sheetrock wall . eddie how have you know about this place ? jack year ago we have try to bust this place every six month or so . never could catch the big shit . until we discover a feed tunnel down here . 49 . Jack move towards a open doorway cut out of the sheetrock . suddenly sound of commotion behind they . turn to see torres and company crossing the room behind they . Jack racing back . Rolling the steel door over the open just as mulvey get to it . mulvey 's gun arm snake between it . barrel aim at Jack 's face . index finger try to squeeze . pressure of the door on mulvey 's shoulder make it difficult . Jack shove the door one last time . mulvey scream and pull he arm back . the door slam shut and Jack bolt it . turn towards the next room . nugent stand in the doorway . Jack push Eddie to the side and firing . nu gat and Jack diving to behind opposite side of the flimsy wall , Jack landing next to Eddie . blam ! the 'mm bullet blow a three inch hole through the wall and zip just under Jack 's chin . Three more shot blast through the wall . echoing through the room until it 's silent . nugent ( os ) you alright Jack ? Jack 's ear still ringing . motion for Eddie to stay silent . nugent ( os ) ( cont have ) I be aim for the kid if that make you feel better . eddie you miss . blam ! another slug blister through the wall just above Eddie 's head . Jack glaring at Eddie . nugent on the other side of the wall . half inch sheetrock the only thing separate he from Jack and Eddie . . nugent kid 's gonna get you kill . he worth that ? no response . nugent move down the wall listen for any sign . nugent ( cont have ) only way out 's in here . guess we gotta work something out . I gst all day . you get all day Jack ? 50 . basement room - jack and nugent Jack glance at he watch : 8:51 look around the tiny room . he can hear the sound of the other work on that metal door . watch as Eddie slip across the room look around . nugent pop a piece of juicy fruit in he mouth then slide the pack into the open doorway . nugent have a piece of gum . we be gonna be here a while . jack I be a sugarless kinda guy . nugent . then slide ‘em back , will ya ? even Jack have to grin at that one . nugent ( cont have ) guess we be even . you nve get my gum , I have get you way out . Eddie push aside a rusted shelving unit to reveal a broken down service elevator , accordion door chain shut , Eddie turn to Jack wide - eye . Jack slip over , whisper ... jack can you get it open ? eddie get to find something to work with . it 's rusted pretty good . on the other side of the wall nugent sit up , sense something . nugent ( 0.s. ) you there Jack ? jack ( hushed , to Eddie ) try something . Jack move back to the wall . jack ( cont have ) right here Frank . nugent think you leave I . jack and not say goodbye ? 51 . nugent remove the throw down gun from he ankle and check the cylinder . nugent what be we do here Jack ? we be both too old for this shit . Jack say nothing . watch Eddie find a sliver of metal and begin to fumble with the lock . nugent ( cont have ) do not tell I this be all about that thing . no answer . nugent ( cont have ) Cause if it be , I do not understand . that be fuck forever ago . eat shit like that happen sometimes . jack shit like that ? like you rough up some fuck pimp . he be a citizen . nugent guy shoulda never hold out like that . Eddie hover over the rusted lock and chain , ear take it all in . nugent ( cont have ) think I would not take back what happen ? do it in a heartbeat . Far as I know no one 's figure how to do that . ( beat ) I teach you anything I teach you when you sign up for this job you put away you heart . hide it a do not take it out until you retire . you do this 732 you have to get past thing like that . jack it cross the line , Frank . you cross the line . nugent there be no fuck line . when be you go to understand that ? there 's get it_done or not get it do . period . ask the mother of some dead kid if she want I to stay in the line . she do not care . she want justice . that 's what I do . {more ) 52 . nugent ( cont would ) clear case and put bad guy away no matter what it take . I give they justice . Jack look at Eddie work frantically . both man stalling for time ... nugent ( cont have ) course teddy a never understand that . jack he be a good cop . everybody know -- nugent he be a stubborn pollock . nugent reload he 9 mm as he busy himself some time . nugent ( cont have ) he finally bust this big time dealer he have be chasin’ for year . naile he dead to right . guy 's get prior as pong as my arm 50 he animal 's look at forty to forever . only he partner never read the guy he rights . Said he think teddy do it . . ( beat ) like I say , shit happen . all my reddy have to say be he do it . | but he could not . by the book or it do not count . the scumbag walk . think the cocksucker would thank he lucky star , pack he shit and never look back . but that 's not how this beast think . ( beat ) forty -six hour later he hunt down reddy and put four in the back of he head while he sit in he car eat a sandwich . a long silence . mulvey enter nugent 's room and nodd silently . nugent ( cont have ) the bad gay have no line , Jack . why should we ? jack because we be suppose to be the good guy . nugent I be a good guy . I put my life on the line every day to put this scumbag away . Day after day . Year after year . one_guy die but we save six other ? 1711 take that . and so would you . 53 . Eddie wiping sweat off he brow . nugent pick up the .32 and stand . nugent ( cont have ) } there be three type of people in this world , Jack . that who make it happen , that who watch it happen , and that who say ... what happen ? ( beat ) guess which one you be . Jack drop he head as nugent and mulvey raise there weapon ... Eddie still fumble over the lock . make one last try ... turn the metal sliver once more ... pop ! eddie I get it ! boom ! boom ! boom ! the explosion of gun FIRE strafe the room . the flimsy wall shred from both side . Jack crawl through the dust and debris , flopping into the elevator cagé next to Eddie . kick the handle to send the rickety cagé up as bullet ricochet from all direction . nugent and mulvey step through the shred sheet rock as torres and Ortiz barge in from the other side . see the service elevator rise . firing futilely at the cast iron base disappear into the ceiling . mulvey already on he radio ... mulvey he 's in the building ! int . welfare HOTEL lobby two ratty arm chair and graffiti tag mail box . Ortiz and maldonado flying through the front door , touhey and kaller from the rear . Elevator already open and empty . footstep echo above they . Ortiz and maldonado up the back stair . touhey and kaller up the front . third floor hallway Jack and Eddie move through a maze of chip linoleum hallway . voice and footstep grow behind they . turn down another hall . different voice louder and closer from in front of they . Jack stop . out of breath and out of option . start rapping on door . one after another . no one answer . the sound closer now . frantically bang then give up : readying he .38 54 . a door open 2 crack . ancient , frighten eye stare out . jack ( hold up he badge ) Police . open up ! the door close . voice a split second from turn into the hallway . the rattle of a chain come off . int . SAM 's apartment Jack and Eddie fall inside . Jack chain the door . the old man step back befuddle . creep towards 80 , eye show alarm . SAM no . you have to go . they say they have be back shortly . voice from the hall . Jack put he finger to he mouth , gun at he side . then a knock at the door . and another knock . a long moment . mumbling of voice ... ext . confucius place Frank nugent stand out front of the Welfare Hotel , kaller 's voice cackle over the radio . behind he crowd begin dining the block . kaller ( 0.s. ) ++. could be in any one of the room . but definitely in the building . want we to door to door it ? nugent ( into radio ) no . you take the roof . the rest of you seal the back and alley . Bob , Jimmy and I 'il hold down the front . ( beat ) let sit tight . he 's the one with the clock tick ... int . SAM 's room Jack 's eye on he watch : 9:04 ear press to the door as the voice break up and disappear . turn to the frighten old man ... jack phone . Sam gesture to a padlock door in the hall . 55 . hall Jack move to it , rip off the padlock with he gun and kick in the door . int . bedroom cell phone . hundred of box of cell phone stack on the queen size bed . the rest of the room fill bootleg fur , contraband silk , box of electronics and high end linen stack to the ceiling . Jack dig through the mountain of oxess . eddie someone 's use this guy 's place to store they shit . jack ghost shadows or tong probably . that gang use shut - in like he to warehouse they stash , drug . people like he have nobody and be just too scared to say anything . Jack move back into the ... live room Sam wishing they to leave . nervously stand there , oddly resplendent in he tweed sport coat , crisp white shirt and purgundy color ascot . pant neatly crease , shoe shine . holding tightly to what little dignity he be afforded . jack you phone . the old man point to the kitchenette and a cordless phone with oversize button . Jack stuff some paper towel in he palm and grab the phone . put he .38 on a table near the front door . Eddie take in the room . a single fold out bed , a chenille bedspread lovingly drape across it . tin tray table with a transistor radio for a night stand hold a picture frame and brush . steamer trunk serve as_a dresser . 15 inch pillip on the floor show qvc . all shove into one corner . a little oasis shove into one corner . Sam look pleadingly to Jack as he walk by . SAM I never open the door . they tell I not to . you have to leave . they 's be go to come back soon . please . 56 . Sam sit down on he bed , worried eye constantly move to the door . Eddie sit next to he . eddie we 'il be go in a minute . ( beaty I be Eddie . SAM Sam . eddie hi Sam . lemme ask you something . you be drive in a hurricane ... Jack move toward the back , dial the phone . jack {into phone ) Dan macdonald 's office . wait as he 's transfer . look back at Eddie and the old man . eddie so who would you take ? Sam 's eye sparkle to life . he reach over and turn a picture frame in Eddie 's direction . a crease snapshot of a young woman stand in front of a massive , ornate clock . Eddie stare at the photo then to Sam . eddie ( cont / have ) phe girl of you dream . you take er ? now peer through a dirty window . uniform police wander the block , blue barricade lining the curb . Jack not understanding . a voice on the other end of the phone . jack ( into phone ) Dan macdonald please . ( beat ) tell he it 's the guy with he witness . int . hallway - 100 centre STREET - morning a overworked clerk race for all he 's worth down a brightly light corridor , slide around one corner and fly through a door with a large C over it . 57 . int . grand jury room C small and plain with no window . twenty four citizen sit at one end in a semi-circle of tiere seat . in front of they be a court stenographer , two court officer and a desk occupy by Assistant District Attorney dan macdonald and he measly staff of two . a easel hold a diagram , case number and name be prominent . the air be tense and uncomfortable as the overworked clerk slip behind macdonald and whisper in he ear . int . ada macdonald 's office the mid-morn SUN illuminate mountain of file stack in every conceivable space . macdonald , 30 , run he hand across where he hair use to be . {( intercut as need ) . macdonald . I just hang up with you Captain ten minute ago . you should have be here by now . where the hell be you ? jack about seven block away . only there 's a few cop between I and ou that do not want he there . ou 's be go to have to buy yourself some more time . macdonald there be no more time . the jury 's tenure end at ten . that 's it . without that kid they 's 11 vote '' no Bill '' and Ryan walk and case go in the toilet . jack you guy could indict a ham sandwich . what 's the deal ? macdonald slump onto he desk , swivel to face a bulletin board with picture of Police officer , witness and case number . Red magic marker line connect the face to one another . weariness drip from voice . macdonald go fishing without enough bait . my boss think if we go to the grand jury Ryan would fold . he id not . we have only circumstantial until we run into Edward bunker last night . he 's a eye witness . he make it all work . ( beat ) I get one shot at this , mosley . I need that kid . 58 . int . SAM 's apartment - same time Jack watch as a army of chinese family in brightly cover attire pour onto the edge of the barricade on confucius place . musician gather in the street . and suddenly understanding what it be . macdonald ( os ) where be you ? I x11 send my squad . Jack do not answer . think . jack someone over there set this thing in motion . you get a leak . ( beat ) maybe even one of you squad . ( beat ) see you at the courthouse . ghsck . Jack move away from window . pull Eddie towards the oor -- bam ! Sam 's door blow open , two on long gang member step inside . cool , menace stare . the larger one , ong , step in as he partner hang back . heavy boot , overcoat like ent . ong what the fuck be this ? ong glaring at Sam , not move from the door , his partner move to the bedroom . yelling something in chinese from the a ong ( cont have ) you steal my thing ? this be my place ! Jack put he hand up in surrender . eye he gun sit behind ong on the table . ong ( cont have ) who be you ? jack we need a phone . no trouble . we just want to walk out of here . the partner reappear and mumble something in chinese . tense silence as ong stare down Jack . then he grin and 's at at Jack . no response from Jack . ong motion they to the door . jack ( cont have ) Eddie . Eddie point to sam. 59 . eddie what about he ? jack , what about he ? he 's fine . {to Sam ) you fine ? Sam nervously nod . jack ( cont have ) he 's fine . let 's go . Eddie do not budge . eddie he open the door . jack Eddie . eddie he never open the door . that 's what he say . but today he do . when we need he to . it 's a sign . ( beat ) . we be suppose to help he . he can not stay here . jack do not start with this -- but Eddie already have , turn to ong . eddie think you be tough shit pickin’ on a little old man ? well I be stand right here and I do not see you do something about that . so you must be a pussy . Jack 's shoulder slump . ong whip out a six inch blade and move for Eddie . wham ! ong 's arm snap like a twig , Jack 's move so quick and so jarring , the pain have not even register yet . the thumb to the windpipe do , send ong to the ground gasp for air . Jack already to the .38 , spin and splitting OPEN the partner 's nose before he weapon clear he beit . the two writhe on the floor in massive pain . Jack clutching he hand , nauseous from the pain , kneel down and confiscaté id 's from both . jack get you shit out of here and do not come back . ( more ) 60 . jack ( cont would ) anything happen to that man , he get so much as a cold , and I will tell Tommy Chan the two of you be my stooly . frightened look from ong as Jack show he badge . jack ( cont have ) you know what Tommy Chan do to the last rat he catch ? cut the bastard head off and mail it to he mother . Eddie lean in . eddie and two hundred dollar a month . under the door . Cash . ( off Jack 's look ) they shove he in a corner like he be a animal . use he place . they should pay he rent for that . Jack look at Eddie differently this time . the slight trace of a smile . turn to the break man . jack what he say . int . second floor stairwell Jack and Eddie descend , eye and ear open . Jack 's limp more pronounce . eddie you be go to walk out and leave he there . jack can not fix everything , Eddie . eddie you sound like you friend down there . that one sting . jack he ain’t_my friend . and I be nothing like he . eddie but you know what he do . what this be about , do not you ? it take a while for Jack to answer . 61 . jack , Witness tamper . you see two police detective intimidating a witness for profit . ( beat ) they be do it for year . start out as a way to keep they informant on the street . they get pop , Frank would find the key witness and get he to change they tune . threaten he or he family . keeps he snitch out there work . least that 's how they rationalize it . until they figure out they could squeeze some money out it . ext . confucius place - morning riotous with every imaginable color . sound of firecrackers , loud gong and drum accompany chant of long life and happiness ... the wedding procession move towards mott Street and past police barricade . torres and kaller on either side , Ortiz and maldonado watch the back . touhey on the roof . in front nugent and mulvey move amongst the reveler , slip amongst they like barracudas . int . residence lobby Jack and Eddie move across the desert lobby and settling on either side of the front door . the muffled sound of the procession grow louder . Jack stare out into the chaos . nervous time . eddie : you know they be out there wait . what be we go to do ? jack wait for one of you sign . quiet as they watch the swirl of people gather along the street . eddie what be you talk about with he in the basement . something about a citizen . Jack 's eye grow hard . they never leave the street as he speak . jack four year ago one of nugent 's top informant stab a cab driver . ( more ) 62 . jack ( cont would ) nugent need this guy so he pay 4 visit to the eye witness . up to this point the witness be nickel and dime scum bag . this one be different . chinese guy . sixty something . a citizen mind he own business . ( beat ) the old guy would not budge . stick to he story . Frank threaten he but the guy do not fold . get so mad he shove he gun in the guy 's mouth . guy drop dead right there . heart attack . Frank leave . amily find the old guy the next lay . Long silence as the wedding parade come into view . behind they the elevator open and a large family of nine emerge and head for the front door . ext . confucius place the bridal chair pass . held high above the crowd . heavily curtain to prevent the bride from glimpsing unlucky sight . mirror of all shape and size decorate it 's red satin sheath , protect she from evil influence . family scatter grain and bean as symbol of fertility . attendant with lantern and banner swirl among they . a papier- mache unicorn dance around she for luck . musician play a chinese wedding song . the Hotel door open , the large family ooze outside . nugent and mulvey see it right_away . push through the crowded sidewalk towards the family . get to they just as they be swallow up by the crowd . pull they apart but Jack and Eddie be not there . nugent and mulvey whipping around , eye search the sidewalk ... on jack out the service door and into the middle of the street . surrounded by swirl color and movement . a dozen parasol spin along side Jack . behind he a twenty foot dragon snake in and out of the crowd . the firecracker be set off to frighten away evil spirit all around he . Eddie six yard ahead of he . ext . confucius place the spectacle flow past the barricade and outside the establish perimeter . the Groom , accompany by a child as a omen of he future son , wait for he bride . 63. jack Safety just fifteen yard away . willing himself to keep go . ten yard ... reveler chant . behind Jack the Dragon slither away revealing mulvey , step up from behind , Glock come up . the dragon snake back in between they ... mulvey try to push it out of the way , finally ducking underneath it only to find ... Jack go . push through the crowd as the camera drift up high over confucius place , the throng of people spilling away in all direction ... int . video arcade - morning noisy and cramme with asian youths . one punk bang on the rest room door , throw up he hand . jack watch sitting on the edge of a sink . 9:12 int . video arcade rest room two stall , a urinal and a rusty sink where Jack run water over he hand . Eddie stand on the toilet tank peer through a mesh grate that look onto the street . eddie 's Pov West Broadway and in particular a shoe shine stand across the street that 1s presently unoccupy . arcade rest room Eddie jump down . eddie six block . jack might as well be six mile we do not get some help . eddie they say there be no shortcut to place worth go . Jack stuff paper towel in he palm . laugh . 64 . eddie {cont have ) someone 's go to help we , Jack . do not you worry . jack I shot a cop and you be a rat . who 's go to help we . Eddie smile a weary smile and let it go . eddie we will make it . and before ten . Cause I have to be -— jack -- someplace before noon . where do you have to be that 's so important ? eddie a place . get to pick up something . cynical laugh from Jack . eddie ( cont would ) it 's not what you think . I ’ma baker Jack . jack thief to cake maker . just like that . bleed stop . Eddie up on the toilet check again . nothing . eddie not just like that . it be a process . a journey . because I follow the sign . ( jump back down ) like nine month ago I be incarcerate . they throw this ancient guy in with I . marvis . have cancer in he throat , so he can hardly talk . but that first night he_ say something that start it all . '' say , '' if you always do what you always do , you will always have what you always get '' . ( beat ) well I do not like what I get . thievin ' give I upset stomach and I suck at it . maybe I should try something else . jack I be sure check wash cross you mind . eddie nope . cake . on the inside I be know for my cake . ( more ) 65 . eddie ( cont would ) but as a goof , I start decorate they . anything you could think of . girlfriend . cars. gang logo . you name it . find out I be great at it . ( beat ) I get nothin 's but time so I do my due diligence and find you can make good money on birthday cake . kid one . put barney or a Dragon Ball on one and whoosh , you mark - up be through the roof . Jack just stare at this kid . nod for Eddie to check again , so he climb back up and check the shoe shine stand . empty . eddie ( cont have ) nothing . ( beat ) anyway I get_out and start save for my own place . I be doin’ okay but I do not see a bakery in m future any time soon . hich figure will cost thirty grand to get start . but I keep tellin’ myself do what you have always do , have what you always get ( shrug ) I do not give up like I always do . I have faith for some reason . then one amazing episode after another and I have the money . ( beat ) why be that old guy be put in with I ? it be a sign . and this time I do not miss it . we will be okay : because I be mean to bake cake . Eddie climb to look again . jack hate to burst you bubble kid , but in 23 year of police work I have never meet a thief that stay out . eddie people change Jack . jack date change . season change . people do not . Eddie shake he head then spot something across the street . eddie tall , skinny guy ? 66 . ext . shoe shine stand - morning shaquille evan sit on he high shoe shine chair , leg stretch . munch on a cinnabon , lick he finger and watch gaggle of korean girl waddle by . a sign behind he read : shinist of fine footwear six -nine , 165 pound , he look like a praying mantis in shiny lime green sweat . a burn scar pucker he leave cheek , draw the eye into a permanent squint . a old thirty . a sanitation worker mosey up and hold out a twenty . sanitation worker they say you get phone card . shaquille I get phone card , green card , credit card , id card . I be the card king , garbage man . shaquille reach into he shine box and take out a pile of pre-paid phone card wrap in a rubber band . shaquille ( cont have ) how many minute you want ? the Worker take a sixty minute card for he twenty and walk away revealing Jack and Eddie stand there . int . shaquille’s apartment the door open and shaquille lead Jack and Eddie inside . 022 and harriet neat and clean with match furniture and wall to wall . shaquille honey ! look who 's here ? ( beat ) I 'il get my key . shaquille head down the hall as he wife , salma appear in the kitchen doorway . pretty Puerto rican woman in she late 2us . her glare say it all . she hate Jack . jack ( uncomfortable ) salma . she turn back into the kitchen without a word . eddie a guy save you life you owe he . therefore you take you best friend from that bus stop . 67 . jack and leave the woman . I do not think that make you a good soul . do you ? eddie ( slumping ) no . silence ... suddenly Eddie brighten . eddie ( cont have ) Chuck Berry . ( off Jack 's look ) be a armed robber . go to prison . Jack look completely confuse . eddie ( cont have ) you say nobody change . he change . Jack stare at Eddie . what ? eddie ( cont have ) at ? jack | . nothing . I be just visualize duct tape over you mouth . ( beat ) shaq ! shaquille ( 0.s. ) one sec ! shaquille emerge from the bedroom . stop outside a goorway and motion Jack over . Jack peer into the de . shaquille 's son , 7 , play playstation2 . jack big. shaquille bight next month . about to start out when he look at the big screen Sony . shaquille { ( cont have ) what 's that you be playin’ ? little shaquille nothing . shaquille hey . kid shrug sheepishly . little shaquille {almost inaudible ) vice City . shaquille turn it off . little shaquille nooocoaeaccco00 ! shaquille | ; turn it off or I be disconnect playstation . little shaquille bram and William play it . shaquille they swallow razor blade you gonna do that too ? it 's too violent . it 's rate M. you know what that mean ? now turn it off ! little shaquille ( turn it off ) I hate you . int . apartment parking garage 68 . trunk 's open of shaquille 's ' 98 town car . Eddie climb in . shaquille ( to Jack ) yes sir . I and Jack go back a long way . when I go up , he take care of thing down here for I . food , bill ... Jack tucking he gun in he waist . jack Lafayette to Centre . pull in downstairs . pop the trunk and go home . slate cle int . town car trunk Jack climb in , shaquille shutting the trunk . body get comfortable . ext . broadway - afternoon blackness . shaquille ease the lincoln on_to Broadway and head south . keeping the car in traffic 's flow . 69 . int . trunk intermittent glow from the brake light the only light source . the car begin to move and we be plunge into darkness . after a moment ... eddie ( os ) Barry White . ( beat ) stole three hundred tire and go to jail . he change too . jack ( os ) can it . we need the air . int . town car shaquille ease into the stop and go as traffic congest . clutch the steering wheel with nervousness . eye peel and uncomfortable . int . trunk hot in here now . brake light on again as the car stop . Jack and Eddie back to back . Eddie hum . jack what 's that you keep hum ? eddie sorry I x11 stop . jack I know that tune . do it again Eddie do it almost inaudibly . Jack follow it in he head . car move again . jack ( cont have ) wheel on the bus ? ( half sing ) the wheel on the bus go round and round , ali through the town . Eddie start sing it . eddie the people on the bus go up and down , up and down ... _ jack I though it be the horn go toot - toot-toot . eddie that come after . wheel , people , horn then money in the box . there 's more but I can not remember ‘em . jack whatever . why that stupid song ? eddie 70 . I do not know . my sister sung it to I when I be little . Said if I sing it to myself the scary stuff would go away . jack how old be you ? eddie twenty -four . jack twenty -four and you believe sing a idiotic song Bus will make you brave . Eddie do not respond . jack ( cont 's d) you know it 's stupid , right ? eddie I guess . jack you guess ? eddie okay it 's stupid . I will not do it anymore . jack do it , do not do it . I do not care . I be just say it 's stupid . eddie I hear you the first time . ike wheel - on- the - Eddie move away from Jack . Jack suddenly aware he 's hurt Eddie 's feeling . jack look -- eddie I be not do it anymore , okay ? just drop it . car hits_a pot hole cause both to wince . badly . after some silence ... Jack feel 71 . jack the wiper on the bus go swish - swish -swish , then the door go open and shut then the driver on the bus say move on back . that 's the rest . the faintest smile appear on Eddie 's face . the car turn again . ride bumpy a of a sudden . a quick flash of the brake light reveal a strange look on Jack 's face . int . town car shaquille nervously steering the car down a service alley , sweat profusely in spite of the ac on high . suddenly Jack 's .38 be at he temple . jack where you go shaq ? rear seat push out , Jack cocking the hammer back . shaquille ostammer ) Frank pull I just before you show ! Said if you reach out I otta call he . hreaten my kid ! wear to Christ I do not want to -- suddenly through the windshield nugent , torres and mulvey grow larger as the car head towards they . Jack 's over the seat , jamming he foot on the accelerator and pushing shaquille out the door . the lincoln jerk forward and barrel down on nugent . nugent , torres and mulvey firing there weapon into the car . windshield shatter as Jack dive into the back ... ext . alley nugent and company emptying there gun into the oncoming car as it careen off the alley wall , the lincoln almost on top of they . blam ! the trunk cylinder blown into the AIR , trunk fly open . Jack and Eddie tumble out of it and onto the pavement right before the lincoln slam into a garbage bin . Jack get off three shot before take off . 72 . jack and eddie Racing into the middle of Lafayette Street . mta bus chugge through traffic just ahead . nugent 's cop fly onto the sidewalk . Jack breathe through he mouth , two heartbeat away from a heart attack . knee buckle but keep go : close on the bus . catch up and bang on the door flash he badge at the driver . Jack lose steam as the door swing open . Eddie jump on then turn , hang out the door , arm outstretch , grab Jack 's wrist . int . mta bus Eddie pull Jack inside . Jack over to the driver , badge in he face . jack ( breathless ) no stop . Eddie slumping into a seat near the front . Jack stand pext to the driver . twenty passengers scattered through the we . Jack watch through the windshield . the courthouse . five 0 and a half block and close . check he watch : 9:20 jack Pov kaller and maldonado up ahead , flash badge in the middle of Lafayette . mulvey and torres gain ground from the rear . int . mta bus Jack move closer to the Driver . Eddie on he foot as the Bus start to pull over . jack keep go . cop move in front of the bus now . Driver 's confuse but keep it move . past kaller and maldonado who race to keep up . ext , lafayette STREET the big m5 rumbling towards Canal . pick up speed ... 73. int . mta bus Jack 's gun on the driver 's back . holding onto the rail as the bus rumble on . suddenly the Bus be jolted , sway wildly out of control . passengers fly into the aisle . ext . lafayette STREET torres and mulvey fire at the Bus 's tire . shredd rubber fly off the rim , SPARKS showering the STREET . the bus list , screeching and groan to a stop a block and half from Canal . int . bus passenger scream . Jack off the floor , lock the door and force the driver towards the back . jack everybody up ! forcin passenger against the window face first . hand over they head . jack ( cont have ) ( to Eddie ) move ‘em against the window ! Eddie positioning people in front of all the window . Jack push four to move towards the front to cover the windshield . ext . bus / intersection mulvey , torres , kaller and maldonado surround the bus . nugent arrive , quickly size up the situation . torre have to stop it Frank . run right to the courthouse . nugent get gruber here and let 's get we storey straight . go to have to paint a neat picture for command . rmp 's from three precinct already converge on the intersection , 74 . int . bus frightened passenger line the window . Jack move up the aisie , Eddie like he shadow behind he . eddie don ’t worry everybody . this man 's a police officer . everything will be okay . remain calm . crying from the back of the bus . a old man have trouble stand , he wife become hysterical . that around he try to keep he up . a suit , tie and briefcase turn to jac stab this guy can not stand any more . Jack think , then grab several newspaper from off the seat . rummages around under the Driver 's seat , come away with a roll of duct tape . hand out page of the papet to passenger : everyone taping over they window with the New ork Post and Daily News . int . ray pizza - minute later staging area be set up . mot 's , hard line 's and dispatch table be position as everybody who need to be here arrive . swat and hrt be gearin up . nugent and gruber talk to deputy commissioner wagner . gruber think we could take care of this quickly and quietly . wagner ( furious ) guy shoot a cop and take a grand jury witness hostage and you want I to be -~- nugent my fault bernie . I _ask he to let I handle it . I work with mosley year ago . felt a obligation to talk he in . do not realize he be this go . hostage negotiator mike sheehan walk up clipping a headset to he ear . sheehan what do we get ? 75 . wagner cop. vet. flip , shot a detective and take a hostage a hour ago . now this . sheehan eye the group . decide not to say anything . sheehan how many in there ? wagner we be blind right now . we be check the route . sheehan stare at the bus . paper finish go up . sheehan suicidal ? wagner be to the farm twice the last four year . nothing like this though . sheehan eye nugent . sheehan what do you know ? nugent after he nail Jerry he spout something about make headline . sheehan let 's get he a radio and let 's see what he want . ext . bus / intersection a crowd have pack the sidewalk , people hang out window to watch , Black clad swat sniper line the rooftop , high power rifle point at the bus . scope reflect the rise sun . int . bus Jack and Eddie move passenger to the back . Jack look at that chinese woman who 's face be stiff with fear . mumbling a prayer only she can hear . Jack kneel , say something in chinese . she look up and suddenly seem calm . a voice boom through the bus . 76 . sheehan ( os ) this be sergeant Mike sheehan . i’1l be the one talk to you . first thing I need to do be get a radio to you so we can talk . make sure everyone be alright . jack Pov sheehan behind a patrol car , bullhorn in hand . Jack 's eye scan the rest of the block . sharpshooter and Police everywhere . intersection the bus door open . sheehan remove he windbreaker and | step in front of the car . arm in the air , Police radio in he right hand . sheehan . I be not armed . I be just go to step in there , hand you a radio and make sure we have get no injury ... jack ( os ) throw it . sheehan stop . sheehan I need to -- the bus door start to close . okay ! sheehan ( cont have ) ay ! the door stop and sheehan under hand the radio through they . int . bus Doors hiss shut . Eddie retrieve the radio and hand it to Jack . radio already cackling . sheehan ( os ) you copy I , Jack ? . jack {into radio ) everybody 's okay in here . sheehan ( os ) good . that 's good . how many people you have in there Jack ? 77 . Eddie mouth nineteen . Jack about to say it then stop . jack fyenty - two . include I and the 1a . sheehan ( 0.s. ) good . I think it 's important that we be honest with each other . so I be go to tell you what 's what . we be go to do whatever it take to ensure the safety of the hostage . I understand you have be under a lot of pressure and that it 's be a rough day for you . ( beat ) but that end 's here . it will be up to you how . ( beat ) the block 's seal . swat and hrt be in place . it 's a freeze zone . ( beat ) so_let 's work this out and we can all go home and hug we love one . ( beat ) because this be as far as you go , Jack . jack Pov nothing but gun train on the bus . 360 degree of automatic weapon scatter the landscape . rooftop , store front , vehicle . even the sound of helicopter can be hear above . watch wagner and gruber talk with sheehan . then see nugent stare at the bus . look right at the window Jack 's peer out of . like he can see he ... int . bus Jack move away . every terrify face on the bus on he . look at he watch . 9:25 Jack sit . you can see all hope and desire ebb from he break body . eye dim . shoulder slump . Eddie sit next to he and put he hand on Jack 's shoulder . _ eddie they say in every adversity there 's seed for a great opportunity . Jack do not respond . just stare at the floor . whatever fight that be leave be long go . 78 . Eddie get up and walk to the back window and peer out . | Jack notice Eddie 's notebook on the seat beside he . flip it open ... the notebook beginning page cramme with cake design , recipe and ingredient . deeper in , the page be fill with calculation of cost , equipment price and list of various distributor . Business card , lease agreement from a Seattle building owner tape to some page . a question mark next to Jack 's name . month of painstake think . each page fill with hope , craft and hard work . int . bus Jack look up_at Eddie . differently this time . the kid consol a latino woman , that ever present smile soothing er . Jack 's eye drift to the radio on the seat across from he . pick it up . , jack ( into radio ) sheehan . sheehan ( 0.s. ) right here Jack . jack here 's my demand . I want District Attorney macdonald , a court stenographer and a member of the television media to board this bus to witness and record swear testimony . ( beat ) after we talk we all walk out of here . sheehan ( 0.s. ) that 's a tall order Jack . it 's go to take some -- Jack cut he off . jack da , court reporter and a media person I would know . thirty Minutes or I start shoot . Eddie shocked by Jack 's tone . turn to passenger . eddie he 's kid . Jack click off the radio . move to back of bus . 79 . eddie ( cont have ) bring the courthouse to we . that 's brilliant . jack everybody up . int . ray 's pizzeria keenan look back at macdonald then to sheehan . wagner he know nobody 's go in that bus ? what 's he up to ? sheehan about to say something when the bus door open and the radio be toss out to the pavement . wagner ( cont 's d) prepare a breach . staging area swat team put on they gear and ready assault weapon . ray fitzpatrick , chisele vet of 18 year be pop in a ou earpiece when Frank nugent tap he on the 's ler . fitzpatrick Frank . nugent Ray . you guy go in ? fitzpatrick look like it . nugent pull he away from the other . nugent I need you to do something . int . bus Jack gather the passenger into the center aisle . sizing up the guy in the suit . look at he grey suit . two button and pants with cuff . point to he ... jack you. ( nod over to Eddie ) Change clothes with he . eddie I ? what for ? 80 . jack you want a suit do not you ? Eddie sense something 's not right . eddie what be you do ? jack you be leave with they . Eddie 's stunne . eddie why ? they be come here , right ? fou tell they to bring everybody ere . jack no one 's come Eddie . I just say that so they would not be ready when this go down . Eddie 's confuse . eddie what about testify ? jack forget about testify . ( beat ) . in less than 10 minute they 's be go to breach the bus . stun grenade , tear gas and AK - 47 . ' ive second from bang to bullet . they 's 11 kill I and you then go have a sandwich . stay in here and ou 'il die . the ondy '. chance you 1 ave be to get off this bus . ( beat ) it 's over . Eddie stare into Jack 's spiritless eye . just now start to understand . eddie what about make that guy pay ? ( beat ) do not guit now , Jack . we be a team . maybe we 's be not see a sign we be suppose to see . maybe ... but Jack 's already make up he mind , lead the line to the front of the bus . 81 . ext . bus / intersection swat and hrt take up position around the bus . radios cackle as everyone ready for a all out assault . when the Bus door open . hand up , one after another , passenger step down onto the street . confusion . radios all blare with '' hold you Fire ! '' command . int . ray' pizzeria wagner , gruber , nugent and sheehan watch stunne as it unfold . wagner what 's he do ? he give up ? sheehan fuck if I know . more passenger drift into the street ... ext . bus / intersection helmeted swat team dart into the intersection grab passenger and pull they away from the bus while sharpshooter remain focus on the door . int . bus Jack stand near the front door out of street view . Eddie in the middle of the line dress in the grey suit . he can not help look down at it . exactly what he want . jack {to passenger ) remember keep you hand above you head until they tell you to put ‘em down . Eddie move next to Jack . eddie this be not the way it be suppose to be . Jack ignore he . tapping each passenger to signal they can step out . Eddie sounding more like a child now , fear in he voice . eddie ( cont have ) listen_to I . I do not want to leave like this . I - - ~- 82 . Jack pull Eddie into line , adjust he tie . jack when you get out there , they 'il haul you to a debrief area . it 's go to be hectic in there ... eddie Jack . I need to tell you how much -- jack try and get out of there fast . get ase the perimeter and do not look ac Jack push he out the door . ext . bus / intersection Eddie step onto the street , hand shield he eye as two swat officer swoop down , grab he by the arm and whisk he away from the bus . int . bus Jack peer through a slit in the newspaper as Eddie be lead through the crowd . four more passengers remain ... int . flower shop cramme and loud . hastily set up area where hrt detective interview the release passenger . Eddie 's drop into the hand of a plainclothes officer . plainclothes officer you hurt ? Eddie shake he head , eyeing the confusion and chaos in ere . plainclothes officer ( cont have ) we be gonna take a statement and ask you some question . Eddie be lead to the rear of the flower store . spot torres and mulvey huddle near the front door . eddie there a bathroom here ? ext . side alley Eddie exit the shop through the service door and walk through a swarm of uniformed police miil about . onto the sidewalk , turn leave and be swallow up by the crowd . 83 . on eddie as he duck under the yellow police tape as more swat race past he . he 's free . but for some reason Eddie stop . eye the giant clock above the bank : 9:29 then take in swat team get ready to breach . look to the solitary bus , the last two passengers step out to safety and the door hiss shut . int . bus - same time Jack stand alone amongst the flutter newspaper . seal inside and resign to he fate . ext . bus / intersection swat moving like a well - oile machine . position take by stun grenade marksmen . safeties be switch off , target site ... when out of nowhere eddie step under the police tape and puto , the intersection . walk towards the bus , hand over be head . eddie hold it ! don ’t shoot yet ! utter confusion . cop look to other cop for instruction . radios start cackling with conflicting shout to stand down or get he out of there . chaos slowly erupt the stab be escort to the flower shop try to tell anyone who will listen that that 's he suit ! but all eye be on Eddie . nugent recognize Eddie and racing to the line to get a shot . Eddie walk towards the bus , hand still in the air , ignoring the pandemonium around he . eddie ( cont have ) | do not shoot ! I forget something in there ! 84 . ten yard away ... nugent pushing through the throng , gun out of he holster . take AIM .... then jostle by swat who swarm the intersection and try to get Eddie 's attention . int . bus - same time Jack hearing the commotion and peer out to see what 's happen . all he can see be confuse swat team move into the intersection and scream at someone ... then banging on the bus door . Jack look over and see a notebook slide between the rubber sealer . the door be pried OPEN and Eddie step up into the bus . eddie almost forget . you never tell I what you want on you cake . jack be you out of you mind ! eddie well I want to send you something . you know , to thank you for all you do for I . Jack be almost speechless . jack you get away , you dumb shit ! eddie I never get away , Jack . you_saw my sheet . t least do what I always do ( beat ) I just want to do what I say I have do . so I do not end up like I always have . Jack stare at the kid . Eddie stare right back . about to say more ... boom ! boom ! boom ! window implode as gas canister and stun grenade pierce the bus . both hit the floor . Jack crawl to the driver seat , start the bus and hit the accelerator . ext . bus / intersection the bus roll forward . rumbling straight through the barricade in front of it . swat team fire from every angle , bullet strafing the entire bus . Bus pick up speed . spark and smoke come from the wheel drum . the SOUND of metal grind on cement be unearthly . 85 . confusion from all unit as the bus begin to outrun they . head directly for Canal . ext . canal STREET massive cement barricade already set in place . behind they a army of FIRE and ems truck . behind they , a dozen sharpshooter , assault rifle aim and ready . this bus be go no further than here . int . bus Eddie hold on as the bus list from side to side . Jack tear off a piece of a newspaper to see . gain speed as Canal approach . both see the barricade for the first time . jack any word of wisdom now , smart guy ? eddie look for the sign . bullet spray the inside of the bus . ricochetting everywhere . Jack look through the shattered window and smoke for something . anything . eye catch a metal sign on the side of a building state : all deliveries this WA and arrow point down a service alley . jack hold on . Eddie start singing wheel - on- the - Bus loudly and fall into a seat as Jack swing the wheel hard leave ext . lafayette STREET the right side of the bus lift off the ground as it make the turn at full speed . straighten , landing hard , spark shoot from all four rim . scream towards the mouth of a alley as swat team scramble to keep up . int . bus - through windshield the_ alley open approach fast ... and look way too small . Eddie hum louder now . turn away a split second before ... 86 . ext . lafayette STREET / alley way ... the bus slam into the open . side grind against the brick wall , peel open like a can opener . mirror , reflector and door handle splintering . then stop . the bus wedge a third of the way in . smoke billow from underneath , the smell of burn metal intense . alley way in millisecond the bus be surround . from rooftop swat and hrt descend onto the bus’ roof . in the front a ems truck slam into the crumpled grill . from the rear a army of tactic already leveling they weapon await word . the bus sit there hiss . the sound of rustling newspaper flap in blow out window . sheehan racing up , radio cackle . wagner ( os ) breach it ! more stun grenade and tear gas be blast through the shot out window . int . bus swat team in mask crash through the back and side window . a thick smoke hide everything except for the pin point laser from swat rifle as they sweep the interior . Ray fitzpatrick take the point and move towards the ront . smoke clear as they get to the front ... Ray ready to put down anything that move ... then find the bus door open and wedge almost parallel to a alley delivery door . which hang open . ext . centre STREET business and shop empty as pedestrian head north towards Canal to see the commotion . eye on the aviation unit circle the block . Jack and Eddie move against the flow . the courthouse right there three block straight ahead and nothing in they way . Eddie clutching he coat tight . Jack still reeling . think if Eddie do not come back ... if he be on that bus alone ... 87 . Eddie 's eye seem different . unfocus . his step sluggish . his notebook slip from he coat as they cross the intersection at Franklin . Jack look back and spot Eddie 's notebook flutter in the middle of Franklin . look up at the courthouse . two block to go . willing himself to ignore the book and keep go . start to walk faster ... jack shit ... Jack turn and jog the half a block for the book . holding up traffic as he pick it up and start back towards Eddie . holding up for Eddie to see . then watch Eddie fall to the pavement for no apparent reason . Racing up and pull he to he foot . jack ( cont have ) you okay ? eddie I think I get shot . Jack now see the blood seeping from Eddie 's neck . grabbing he around the waist , pull to he foot and towards the courthouse as Eddie hum . jack two more block . Eddie nod again . take a few more step ... and stop hum . int . tire warehouse a massive , warehouse fill with use tire wait to be melt down . Eddie lay alone in darkness . Jack 's shirt cover the wound but be now soak in blood ... the massive warehouse door be roll open and Jack quickly move to Eddie 's side . press on the shirt harder . jack I get help on the way . just hang in there . we be almost home . Eddie barely nod . eye close . jack {cont have ) C ’mon . you gotta stay awake . talk to I . Bus stop . Three people . who you gonna save ? Eddie stare into nothingness . eye search for something . suddenly there 's a hint of sparkle in they and Eddie smile . 88 . eddie I know the answer , Jack . jack the friend . loyalty . Eddie shake he head . find peace within himself he look up at Jack . eddie Port Authority . Jack look at Eddie , not understanding . eddie ( cont have ) locker there with thirty - two thousand dollar in it . ( beat ) except they sweep the locker out every 24 hour . ( beat ) that 's why I have to get there by noon . Jack pull the shirt away and see the wound for the first time . a uneasy feel fill he . eddie ( cont have ) couple day ago this guy maurice turn up at my place with a gun and a shoebox he take it from a dealer on Ocean Avenue . need a place to lay low . I tell he I be on parole ... but he 's not ask . Jack work more feverishly as Eddie 's word flow out dreamlike . eddie ( cont have ) then somebody decease maurice that next morning . ( beat ) Inside that shoebox be thirty - two thousand , Jack . exact amount to open my bakery . it be a sign , be not it ? jack a big , bold one . Jack press the shirt against Eddie 's neck try to slow the blood flow . eddie stashed it in a locker at Port Authority yesterday . but when I come back to my room my p.o. 's stand there with maurice 's gun on my bed . ( beat } ( more ) 89 . eddie ( cont would ) I be look at fifteen year for have a weapon that 's not mine . until that da happen to stop by my cell with the picture of that cop . ( beat ) which be how I meet you . ( beat ) see how it all make sense ? Jack nod . then Eddie go silent . jack . . hey . you be not go to die on I be you ? the word be hoarse . eddie I do not know . I never die before . drifting off . jack Eddie . a effort to open he eye . jack ( cont have ) you be mean to have that bakery . Eddie 's mouth crack the tiniest smile . eddie do I hear something positive come out of that mouth of yours ? Jack lean in close . jack . you need to make it Eddie . for both of we . suddenly red and white light swirl across the warehouse wall ... Jack turn as a emt truck pull into the warehouse . two paramedics exit the vehicle , engine still run . the woman be in she 40 's and carry a weary , batter grace about she . her name tag read : diane . the driver be young and be follow she lead . Diane kneel over a shiver Eddie without look at Jack . view the wound without expression . int . emt truck the back door blow open as_ Jack and the driver load Eddie onto a secure gurney . Wall mount medic kit be pop open . a saline drip be prepare . 90 . Diane cut off Eddie 's shirt and roll he onto he side to find the exit wound . small , round burn mark make by cigarettes dot Eddie 's torso . year of they . Diane flick Jack a glance to make sure he 's see they , then get to work . diane / I do not know if I can fix this here . take Eddie 's hand , have he hold a piece of gauze over the hole while she grab a syringe . Diane inject it into the wound and Eddie wince . look at she more closely . eddie you be the lady whose apartment we be in ... diane ( to Jack ) you go to my apartment ? jack I need my gun . eddie it be very clean . Diane stare at Jack . eddie ( cont have ) there 's a hole in you Murphy bed . other than that ... she try to continue work , then stop . eye boring into Jack . dians I have Police grill I for a hour at the hospital . jack what have you tell they ? diane that we have barely speak in two year . that you be a self medicate , depressed individual . that you do not care anymore . about anything or anyone . beat ) I tell they the truth . Jack stare at the floor . Eddie very uncomfortable . diane ( cont have ) what have you do this time , Jack ? 91 . eddie just save my life three time . I be a important witness to police corruption . Diane look to Jack for a explanation but get none . eddie ( cont have ) he 's a good man , lady . give he another chance . he 's gonna need somebody to talk to when I leave . Jack and Diane stare at each other for several moment . jack Eddie ? meet my sister , Diane eddie sister ? shit . for a_ second there I have hope for you . even you family do not like you . Diane begin stitching the wound . eye wander to Jack . eddie ( cont have ) have not see my sister in eleven year . live in Seattle . I be suppose to get on a bus tonight to go see she . Diane smile at Eddie but refuse to look at Jack . diane the bullet miss he carotid . I do what I could with the mess in there . he move around too much I can not promise it 'il hold . tye it off and cut . dress it . slide over and take Jack 's hand . undoing the wrap ... diane ( cont have ) he really should not be on he foot . jack a couple block . Diane sigh when she see the bullet hole . jack { ( cont have ) I be go to need one more favor , di. ext . warehouse alley Diane 's emt truck pull out of the warehouse and slide onto Franklin . 92 . int . back of emt truck Jack and Eddie bounce around on opposite side . weariness ooze from both of they . eddie and you never tell I what you want on you cake . jack ; nothing in my life I want to see in icing . eddie gotta be one thing . Pet , first car . special day - jack there be some people who do not deserve to have part of they life decorate on a cake . I be one of they . ( beat ) I be not a good guy , Eddie . eddie I think you be . ( beat ) but if you do not think so , then change . there 's always a another chance . third and fourth one . I be proof of that . just have to be ready for they . look for the sign . do not quit . Jack stare into space at something only he can see . jack there be mistake you make that you pay for , for the rest of you ife . '' no reprieve . no second chance . eddie I do not believe that . ( beat ) sometimes we do the right thing for the wrong reason or the wrong thing for what we think be the right reason and it do not work out and we give up . but if you do the right thing for the right reason it always turn out good . maybe not right away . but eventually ... jack eventually be a bunch of -- 93 . eddie do not . let I have this one , Jack . it 's all I get leave to hold on to . Jack nod , understand . Long silence . then the truck start to slow down . ext . franklin and church - morning Diane 's truck roll to a stop in front of two unmark police car block the street . Frank nugent and Jimmy mulvey lean against hood . nugent walk to she side of the truck as mulvey cover the driver 's side . Diane roll down she window , eye show surprise but no fear . nugent Diane . diane Frank . nugent a little out of you sector , be not you ? diane save life know no boundary . you should know that Frank . nugent do be polite . nugent step out of the vehicle and open the back for I . diane what for ? nugent fling open the door and pull she out of the truck . mulvey pull the Driver out and take he key . all four move to the rear . int . back of emt truck Eddie unhook the iv from he arm . Jack try to hear outside . eddie think we be here already ? maybe something happen . jack I do not know . I tell he to honk the horn if there be . 94 . the SOUND of the key be insert into the back door . ext . emt truck mulvey turn the key as Frank train he gun on the back , the SOUND of the bolt click open . mulvey un -holster he weapon and look to nugent who nod . mulvey pull the handle ... int . emt truck Jack hold he .38 at he side as both door open ... ext , emt truck mulvey fling the door wide open to reveal ... nothing . a empty truck . at the same time ... int . emt truck the door to Jack 's truck open to reveal carl , veteran emt driver stand outside he truck . carl this as far as I can get ya . they get check point from here on in . jack and eddie move down Leonard Street . top of the courthouse peek above the building . not a cop in sight . eddie maybe they give up . get to the corner of Centre and Leonard . peer out at the courthouse ... jack and eddie 's Pov ~- the courthouse the tower granite monolith with massive column support the chisele word ... '' only the just man enjoy peace of mind '' . and beneath it .... a sea of blue . dozen of uniform man barricade that surround the courthouse entrance . media van line the edge of foley park. 95 . jack and eddie almost breathless from the sight . Jack check he watch : 9:38 courthouse roof Ray fitzpatrick nestle himself between column and sight he rifle on the plaza below . the radio next to he cackle . nugent ( os ) all set up there Ray ? fitzpatrick set . nugent ( os ) you know the drill . fitzpatrick I see ‘em , I shoot ‘em . int . a very dark area - same time nugent clipping the radio to he belt then take out he Glock . torres and mulvey hover in the shadow nearby . we can not tell where they be exactly . a blue emergency light above a fire box the only illumination . int . underground parking structure a massive steel column structure section off and consume the square city block . Jack and Eddie move through a section contain City vehicle and truck . just the SOUND of they footstep and the hum of fluorescent . jack use to bring witness in this way to avoid the media . call it gotti Avenue . hardly use anymore . they walk towards a set of double door a hundred yard away . the reason we can see they in this darkness ... be the blue emergency light to the leave of they . walk in silence for a bit . 60 yard away from that shadowS . both too tired to talk . move for the door at the other end . twenty five yard away . Jack stop and check he watch . 96 . 9:44 reaching behind he for he handcuffs . jack ( cont have ) I should bring you in right . Eddie understand . hold out he arm . . eddie think we ’1ll ever see each other after this ? jack not in this lifetime . think of we as two shit pass in the night . turn and head right for the door . Fifteen yard away . move under a section of giant steel beam ... jack ( cont have ) hate this area . you have to watch out for all that pige -- look towards the rafter and see they empty : - - a chill go down he spine at that exact instant . shove Eddie out of the way as gun fire erupt from the shadow . Jack fall behind a Street sweeper , fire he .38 blindly . firing two more shot and dash to the other side to get Eddie . find he behind a snow plow . int . parking structure nugent , torres and mulvey step out of the shadow spread out and advance with precision into the garage . jack and eddie move silently between vehicle , stay low . Jack use he gun to smash the fluorescent plunging the entire section into darkness ... steering Eddie deeper into the car . towards the back wall but away from any way out ... nugent , mulvey and torre move , through the row of car and truck park end to end . no talk . no taunt . just focus on kill and go home . squeeze the target area smaller and smaller . 97 . jack and eddie crawl between a row City sedan all the same color and marking . hearing the sound of they movement but unable to see they . stop . Jack ease open the back door to the car . int . CITY sedan Jack shove Eddie inside , remove the cuff then crack the window a bit . jack stay put . when I yell you name run for that double door and do not stop till you get upstairs . quietly shut the door . Eddie 's heart pound as Jack 's footstep echo away . neither on notice the door not completely close ... on jack stay low and move away from Eddie . see under the car . wait . a glimmer of a polished shoe . blam ! parking structure mulvey 's ankle bone shatter as he go down hard . torres and nugent turn towards the SOUND . move towards Jack from two direction . jack lead they farther and farther from Eddie . torre stand still and silent in the shadow . catch sight of Jack 's figure move into the row of snow plows . move parallel and come at Jack from he blind side . see Jack disappear behind one . move down on the other side gt the plow . gun readied wait for Jack to come around . never see the plow door swing open . hitting torres hard on the shoulder , knock he to the cement . Jack out and slamm he gun to torres skull before he can turn . 98 . nugent hear torres go down . stare into the black of the parking structure . the first glint of uncertainty in he g es. a SOUND of footstep run . nugent turn to the und . jack crouched behind two vehicle , willing nugent to stalk he . jack ( to himself ) come on ... nugent stare into the shadow . sense Jack 's position . | start towards it . then stop . that spooky black eye see like bat ... see the door of a park sedan ajar two row over . int . CITY sedan Eddie lay freeze on the back floor . nugent move down the aisle towards the sedan . jack try to see where nugent be but can not . nugent Glock up . one car away . int . CITY sedan Eddie sense something . a flicker of a shadow . turn to look up just as ... int . parking structure Jack up and open fire on Eddie 's sedan . blow out the windshield as nugent dive away for cover . 99 . int . CITY sedan Eddie shaking on the floor of the car as glass rain down on he . too scared to wait for Jack . kick open the back door and do what Jack want he to do ... he run . parking structure nugent up at the SOUND . aiming the Glock as he watch Eddie stumble for the double door . nugent casually wait ... Eddie in he sight ... about to squeeze one off and ... freeze as the barrel of Jack 's .38 be jamme in he ear . jack not even a twitch . ext . 100 centre STREET ~ morning the courthouse still crawling with cop . ext . saint francis church a crumble sanctuary across the street from the courthouse . int . church back door burst open , Jack and Eddie drag nugent inside and drop he in a aisle between the pews . Jack rip a tassele cord from a fade velvet curtain and tie he hand behind he . jack I be a hundred yard away . that scare ya Frank ? nugent you could be a hundred foot away . the two of ya will never get inside . jack you have it half right . check he watch . 9:50 a SOUND and father jerry connelly , 50 , emerge from he office behind the alter . unafraid and more than a little tough , even in he priestly get-up . 100 . _ father connelly what 's go on -- stop when Jack step out of the shadow . father connelly ( cont have ) mosley ? ( smile ) twenty year I have be try to get you in here . ( beat ) be on the news my friend . not even sure God can help you now . jack then I guess I be stick with you . I only get a couple minute . Father connelly look down at the bloody Frank nugent . jack ( cont 's d) bad guy . then to Eddie . jack ( cont have ) good guy ; ( beat ) very good guy . Father connelly now look into Jack 's eye . . jack ( cont 's d) try to be a good guy . just new at it . he walk Father connelly towards the Church door . jack ( cont have ) I be ask you to trust I Jerry . what they be say on the news be not what be . all i_want to do be set that straight , let the chip fall where they may . Father connelly smile . father connelly in 40 year I have never know you to ask for anything . ext . church Father connelly call over a uniform then be suddenly be escort towards the courthouse step . 101 . int . church Jack walk to Eddie , wince with every breath . adjusting the gauze on Eddie 's neck . jack you hurry , you might make it . Eddie 's confuse . eddie but I have to testify . Jack squeeze out a wounded sigh . jack no you do not . I use you Eddie . I risk you life because you be go to do what I could not . ( beat ) . one of the guy they be go to get when you testify ? one of hem 's I Eddie . you be go to get I . ( beat ) only now I be go to get I . and he . Eddie listen . Jack stare up at the ceiling . jack ( cont have ) I be one of they , one of the team . and I be in that room when that old man die . I be on he couch when Frank stick that gun in he mouth . ( beat ) Mr. ling. remember he name Frank ? nugent say nothing . Jack 's word come harder now . jack ( cont would ) I sit there as Frank tell the old man that he do not see what he see . I watch Frank get more and more piss because the guy would not change he story . not understanding why the police be ask he to lie . Frank scream at he ... next thing I know Frank 's get the barrel of he gun in the guy 's mouth , hammer back . the searing , painful image fly through Jack 's head . jack ( cont have ) I be scream at Frank to cool down when he ... just fall . 102 . tear start to show . jack ( cont have ) that old man be do the right thing - he be tell the truth . and he 's dead because of it . Jack stare into space . jack ( cont have ) walk out of there and never say a word . not that day . not the next . not ever . Frank know I would not . because he train I to be just like he . only he could forget it . and I could not . look down at nugent . jack ( cont 's d) I look back and realize I be head for that night for a long time . make my own rule or follow he . '' until I be as break and corrupt as he , _ ( beat ) I do not care after that night . about I or anything . the last word echo through the church . for a while no one speak . eddie but you stay a cop . Jack look up . eddie ( cont have ) I mean you do not retire . take a pension and disappear . deep down you know if you leave , you have never tell . and he have win . ( beat ) I be not mean to meet you . you be mean to meet I . this be where you be suppose to be . Jack finally look at Eddie but can find no word . eddie ( cont have ) this be you other chance Jack . you know that back in that bar . only now it 's for the right reason . church door open and Father connelly come in . father connelly it 's all set . you tell they detective nugent 's whereabouts and you will get you say . deal off you get there a minute past ten . 103 . jack just say good - bye . father connelly I suggest leave through my private quarter . it 'il leave you out near Sixth Avenue . Far away from what 's out there . Jack smile . walk Eddie to a set of door behind the alter . jack hope you make it . eddie I will . it 's mean to be Jack . ( beat ) I x11 call you sometime . jack do not . that way I will not know if xov fuck up again . and I can elieve what I want . in spite of the pain ... Eddie smile . that same damn smile he have when we first meet he in that cell ninety - eight minute ago . eddie aw Jack . there you go be negative again . turn to go . jack hey . Eddie stop . jack ( cont have ) what 's the answer ? eddie give the key to you best friend , let he drive the old lady to the hospital while you stay at the bus stop with the woman of my dream . ( beat ) gotta figure if you be destine to find she , you x11 be okay . Jack smile . jack damn . and Eddie 's go . 104 . ext . courthouse plaza a commotion take place around the step . commissioner keenan , da walter hagen , swat Commander sheehan as well as ada macdonald and he staff . heated discussion explode into shout . the large clock show : 9:56 int . church Jack stand with Father connelly , take a deep breath and look back at Frank nugent . nugent you be go ruin the life of six great cop so you can feel good . jack I will never feel good . and that 's what I 'il have to live with . nugent then what for ? jack : because there 's gotta be a line . ext . ST . francis church - morning rows and rows of New York City policemen stand wait . aviation unit hover in overhead , k -9 and emergency service line the block . and outside of that , yetlow police tape cordon off spectator who line the sidewalk six deep . slowly the church door open . Father connelly emerge first , Jack right behind he . jack Pov the sea of blue uniform form a gauntlet all the way to the courthouse . across the street on the massive granite step , everybody wait . ext . courthouse plaza every eye train on the two as they start for the courthouse . the sea of blue uniform begin to part as they reach Centre Street and start across . 105 . ext . courthouse roof Ray fitzpatrick cradle he maunz 308 assault rifle and stare through the hauser scope wait for Jack to step into view ... courthouse plaza Jack feel the stare from every blue uniform as he close in on the courthouse . stare up at the flock of pigeon and without know it .... he begin to hum . father connelly oh . part of the deal be when you be able you have to attend my mass on a regular basis . jack . that 's blackmail . deal 's off . father connelly then may perpetual light shine on you hairy ass . Jack smile now . almost over . courthouse roof Ray fitzpatrick zeroing in ... crosshair find Jack . finger ready to squeeze ... Movement of Father onnelly cause uncertainty ... block a clean shot . and suddenly he 's clear . crosshair between Jack 's eye . courthouse plaza Jack still hum when the pigeon explode just in front of he . everyone hit the ground as officer and swat look up at where the shot come from . sheehan scream over he dio . Ray fitzpatrick stunne as other swat team member race to he spot and grab he weapon . Jack crumpling to the ground . all feel leave he body . blurr face go white ... sound far away and muffle . eye stare into white light , feel nothing anymore . no pain , no fear . just peace . then a gust of wind be suck into he lung . face slowly adrift back into focus . Father connelly say something but Jack can not hear he . 106 . father connelly ( 0s ) Jack ? Father connelly kneel down ... Jack open he eye now . slowly be help to he foot . a crisp uniform help Father connelly . Jack jook down at what 's left_of the pigeon and wince . . only now understanding . the bullet deflect into he leave shoulder by a fly rat . Father connelly and the crisp uniform lead Jack towards the courthouse step . Jack staggering up the final step alone and find himself before da hagen and ada macdonald and commissioner wagner . wagner where 's detective nugent . jack Church . da . hagen where 's my witness . where 's Mr. bunker . Jack slowly look at all three man . up at the clock . 9:57 . jack Mr. bunker 's no longer with we . hagen 's face go red . jack ( cont have ) i’1ll be take he place . ( off they look ) I have information pertain to the witness tamper investigation dating back four year . name , case and date . include charge of extortion and manslaughter . stun silence . the magnitude start to be understand by all . ada macdonald what do you want mosley ? what be you look for ? jack expunge bunker 's record . wipe it clean . like he never exist . ada macdonald done . what else ? 107 . jack just some peace . you get any leave in there ? and on that word Jack 's lead inside and the large door of 100 Centre Street close . ext . allenwood correctional facility - late afternoon White concrete building in the middle of nowhere surround by acre of chain link fence and razor wire . the Visitors yard be full of family and inmate . the horn sound end visit time . we spot Jack walk towards the gate with Diane . he look heal and healthy , have drop a few pound . she hold he hand and look at he with a mixture of worry and pride . jack you love he ? diane I do . he make I happy , Jack . jack then I be happy . they get to the gate . diane we both decide the wedding can wait till you get out . jack you be not worried he might change he mind in the next nine month ? Diane smile and hug he . diane see you next month . int . allenwood correctional facility dorm like room with steel _and glass door that line both side of a wide hallway . all of they open now ... int . jack cell 10x10 with a desk , cot and sink . a small window with bar sit above the sink . Jack toss bird seed to some pigeon perch on the ledge outside . the SOUND of mail be toss inside he room . several magazine , two letter and a small ups box . Jack take the box and look at it . cut it open and take out ... 108 . a cake . decorate like a monopoly board . only instead of Park place and Broadway the square be baxter Street , Lafayette , the 5th precinct , St. Francis Church _and 100 Centre Street . sixteen block worth of wonderfully decorate and colorful square . Jack not sure if he 's go to laugh or cry . slide he finger across the bottom and taste the icing . jack Son of a bitch ... take it and walk out into the hall . jack ( cont have ) bernie . Ted . you guy get to try this . not notice the picture fall from the box onto the floor . but we do . it 's Eddie . stand in front of a small . storefront with hand paint letter on the window . wearing a chef 's hat . and that smile . fade to black