17 again written by Jason filardi October 2007 ext . fitch senior high school - dusk a few car scatter the parking lot . we hear grunt follow by the distinct sound of basketball shredd net . int . fitch senior high school / gym - continuous a empty gymnasium except for a shirtless mike o'donnell , 17 . Mike stand foot beyond the 3 point line , grab ball from a hopper and rapidly shoot , shoot , shoot . swish ... swish ... swish . this kid 's automatic . Mike 's hair , a pompadour mullet a la ` 21 jump Street ' and short short circa 1989 . mustached and curly haire coach harvey , 40 , enter . coach harvey hey , o'donnell , save some for the game . Mike sink one last jumper , turn to the coach . mike just warming up , coach . coach harvey hand Mike a towel . coach harvey first game of the season and the scout be already lining up . you have half the season I know you be capable of , you can play anywhere you want , Mike . mike that 's the plan coach . the rest of the fitch falcons basketball team jog out from the locker room follow by a photographer . coach harvey round up , jock strap ! picture time . the team assemble in the middle of the court . a player kneel in front hold a sign , `fitch falcons , 1989 ' . mike hold on . Ed 's not here yet . dom , 17 , handsome , tall , long rat tail , scoff - 2 . dom who care ? he 's the water boy . mike and you suck , dom , but we be let you in the picture . a shove match break out between Mike and dom . coach harvey hey ! hey ! knock it off . coach harvey pull the player apart just as the gym door burst open . ed freedman , 17 , sport a jacket over a wizard costume , run in , trip on he robe , get up , peel he clothes off . ed sorry I be late . I be lock in a life and death battle with the dark wizard ... coach harvey ... fall in , freedman . hurry up . Ed take a spot next to dom . photogrpaher and 3 , 2 , 1 - we see dom reach behind Ed , grab hold of he underwear ... rrrriiipp ... flash . and with the flash we cut to : int . fitch senior high school / gym - night the falcon run , pass and shoot on one end of the court . on the opposite end , a team in blue warm up . light dim . cue mc Hammer 's ` can not touch this ' . cheerleader at center court perform the Hammer dance routine . pan around the gym , everybody 's do the Hammer dance . Ed awkwardly try to imitate Mike . coach shake he head in disgust and when the routine end - coach harvey alright , lady , bring it in ! the falcon swarm to the bench , take seat . Ed hand water to the player , skip dom , stop at Mike . 3. mike Ed , I can not help you with the girl if you keep show up place dress like the Cookie crisp guy . okay ? dude , do not look now but I think muffy campanella be scopin ' you hard . ed for real ? Ed jerk around to blatantly stare at she . mike smile , pud . Ed flash a goofy smile . muffy mime puke . mike ( cont 'd ) my bad . girl voice ( o.s. ) Mike ? scarlet , 17 , a 80' beauty , stand at the end of the bench . mike who 's that stone cold fox ? oh , it 's my girlfriend . ( walk over ) I be glad you be here , scar . this whole scout thing 's get I wick nervous . dom dribble past , smile at scarlet . dom I be dedicate my first basket to you , scarlet . mike Way you shoot that might be mid - season ! ( to scarlet ) everything cool ? she smile nervously , lie ... scarlet oh yeah . everything 's totally copacetic . 4. mike scarlet totally ? totally . referee blow the whistle . coach harvey let 's go ! remember , boy , winner get the girl . loser please themselves ! mike ( to scarlet ) excellent . gotta run . he kiss she cheek , start off , turn back - mike ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? long shot : we hear nothing but see Mike 's body deflate . he step away from scarlet towards center court . muffy and she friend mock Ed and laugh hysterically ed do you really think muffy 's in to I ? Mike , in a daze walk right past ed. take he place for the jump ball . the crowd stomp and cheer loudly . the ref be about to toss the ball . Mike look up at the stand , see a crush scarlet head for the exit . Mike 's tear . play or go after she . he go after she . coach harvey where you go !? o' donnell !? int . fitch senior high school / tunnel - night Mike rush in . mike scar ! wait . she turn , slump against the wall . Mike catch up to she . Mike lean in and kiss scarlet . CUT to : 5 . ext . palisade neighborhood . present day - morning opulent home . ocean view . luxury car . manicure lawns . the sound of a alarm clock shatter the silence as we settle in on a large , mediterranean style house . int . ed' house / mike' bedroom - morning mike o'donnell , now 36 , angrily slap the alarm off ...6 am . he climb out of bed , bone creak , stiff , groan . int . bathroom - morning a shower , suite Mike stand before the mirror , knot a tie around he neck . mike ( uninspired ) today be go to be a good day . I love my job . I be a lucky man . who 's lucky ? Mike o'donnell . Mike yank he tie straight up as if he be hang himself . int . ed' house / live room - morning ed freedman , now 36 , lie on a portable table in he boxer . acupuncture needle protrude from every inch of he body , neck and face ... at least 5000 needle . a hot , young acupuncturist add more to he . acupuncturist can you feel you qi flow freely ? ed I be not sure if its my qi or internal bleed . Mike enter , shake he head in amusement . mike what be you do now ? Ed look over , see Mike watch . 6 . ed there he be . there 's Mr. Sunshine . Fei jing acupuncture . it 's all the rage . make you look five year young . Ed climb slowly off the table , shuffles over , groan in pain the entire way . he pour himself a shot of brown liquid from a pitcher , throw the shot back and immediately spit it all over the place . ed ( cont 'd ) ( call to acupuncturist ) what 's this brown stuff again ? acupuncturist rhinoceros urine . pure protein . ed delish ! ( to Mike ) the girl have absolutely no clue what she 's do . mike then why be you let she stick needle in you ? ed because she 's hot . but today 's not about I . it 's about you become the new regional sale manager . mike I better be . I have invest 18 year of my life in that miserable company . ed no negativity . negativity 's for the 800 pound fat lady who need to be airlift out of bed . you , Michael shawn o' donnell , be a winner . mike a winner do not have to crash at he best friend 's house because he be kick out of he own house . ed be you kid ?! it do not get any better than this ! ( more ) 7 . ed ( cont 'd ) I gotta get back . my leg just go numb . good luck today . Ed drag painfully back to the acupuncturist . ext . san fernando valley - morning Mike wheel he audi a4 below a nondescript , two level building . sign read , ` Wyatt pharmaceutical ' . int . wyatt pharmaceuticals / conference room - morning pharmaceutical drug poster cover the wall . smiling face , happy couple ... little pill . surround a conference table be Mike 's colleague ... hot women , 20 to 35 , in skimpy business suit , chat away . Mike sit amongst they , the only male present . a glum look on he face . wendy , bubbly , ditsy , 22 , lean over to he . wendy congratulation , Mike . you deserve it . you be like a totally amazing salesman . mike thanks , Wendy . that like totally mean so much to I . roger , 23 , boss , stride through the door . roger good morning , peep . as you all know , today I will be name the new regional sale manager . what 's it take to be a rsm ? Leadership skill , a comprehensive knowledge of today 's prescription pharmaceutical and most importantly a dedicated soldier . Mike straighten he tie , button he suit jacket . roger ( cont 'd ) all be say , congratulation - ( Mike begin to rise ) Wendy . dumbfound , Mike slump back into he seat . Wendy spring up out of hers , scream and bouncing . 8. roger ( cont 'd ) now go out there and sell some drug peep ! the woman stream out . mike how could you do this to I ? I have be a salesman here 18 year . Wendy 's only be here 2 month !? roger look , you sale be admittedly better but she have the college degree . what can I do ? mike you can give I the promotion , Roger ! roger thing have change . I could not even hire you now with only a high school diploma . my hand be tie , bro-ski . Mike swallow he pride and exit . ext . fitch senior high school / parking lot - dusk Mike pull into the empty parking lot , climb out of he car and into the building . int . fitch senior high school / hall - dusk Mike hurry down the hall , open a door , peek he head in . int . fitch senior high school / gym - dusk Mike peer around ... nobody . mike Alex ? no answer . a basketball sit in the middle of the floor . Mike enter , pick up the ball , begin dribble ... faster , between he leg , around he back , up to the 3 point line - mike ( cont 'd ) 3 , 2 , 1 - 9 . Mike hit a perfect jumper at the imaginary buzzer , smile . mike ( cont 'd ) the kid 's still get it . Mike dash for the bounce ball , scoops it up , go for a reverse lay up , make it but when he land ... he land ... crack ... hard . Mike grab he lower back , groan - mike ( cont 'd ) ooooh . that be stupid . int . fitch senior high school / hall - dusk Mike limp out of the gym , wander over to a wall cover in photograph ... fitch basketball team of the past . Mike search the picture until he find it ... the photo we see be take earlier ... the team of 1989 . Ed mid howl from dom 's wedgy . Mike stare at the photograph ... lose in time and think . the smile , confident image of he youth stare back at he . male voice ( o.s . ) you know someone in that picture ? Mike startles from he daydream , turn . a kind - face , old janitor , stand behind he , mop in hand . mike I do . me. I be in the center there . the janitor lean in , take a closer look at Young Mike . janitor adolescence can be so cruel . mike what be you talk about ? ( lose in the picture again ) I have life by the ball in that picture . everything be possible . then a few minute later , pffffft , all go . janitor ` for of all sad word of tongue and pen , the saddest be this : ` it might have be ... ' 10 . mike that will be my epitaph . janitor we all have regret . mike why 's it have to be that way ? janitor maybe it do , maybe it do not . can not hurt to ask . you never know who 's listen , Michael . Michael wistfully eye the old photo , look back to the janitor - mike how do you know ... alex ( o.s. ) ... what be you do , dad ? alex , 15 , messy hair and slight , and maggie , 17 and awkwardly pretty , appear at the other end of the hall . mike hey , guy . I be just talk to - Mike look back to the janitor ... gone . mike ( cont 'd ) never mind . sorry I be late . you ready to get some dinner then ? they make they way towards the door . Mike limping . alex why be you limping ? mike tweak my back pump iron . really , really heavy iron . int . cheesecake factory - night Mike , Alex and maggie sit before dinner . Alex eat heartily . maggie quietly push she food around . mike I bet you chompin ' at the bit for hoop season to start . 11 . alex yeah , I and the guy be run drill , scrimmaging , get in shape . maggie stifles a laugh . mike that 's my boy . remember , it 's not how big you be - alex - it 's how big you play . Father and Son touch fist . mike and what about you , mag ? what 's new ? maggie nothing . alex she get into georgetown . mike you do !? that 's fantastic ! maggie it 's no big deal . mike it 's a huge deal . that 's a great university . I be proud of you . ( maggie remain quiet ) be I miss something here ? maggie you would not understand . mike try I . maggie I have a lot of emotional stress right now . my friend be all go to different school , I be not even sure ... 12 . mike that 's not stress . wait `til you get out into the real world , get a crappy job , have some smarmy twerp - boss call you bro-ski ... maggie roll she eye . alex do you get the promotion , dad ? mike still wait to hear . Mike force a smile hide he disappointment . ext . san fernando valley / mike' house - night Mike pull up behind a ` dom 's nursery ' van . he , Alex and maggie step out . Mike eye the van with disdain . mike be you mom home ? alex she 's probably out back . mike hey , next week we will have a barbecue at uncle Ed 's . sound good ? maggie I be count down the minute . maggie head straight for the modest ranch house and inside . mike what 's with she ? alex we see you once a week for a couple hour . what do you expect ? Alex follow maggie into the house . Mike make he way around back . ext . mike' house / backyard - day as Mike round the corner , he almost run into a smile dom Johnson , 36 . Don lug 3 load trash bag . 13 . dom hey , Mike . good to see you . tough break , you and scarlet . mike bite I , dom . dom serve Mike a cocky wink , continue on . Mike scowl . scarlet , 36 , slam a shovel into the ground , wedge it beneath a die shrub and rip it out . mike ( cont 'd ) a little late for a delivery be not it ? scarlet dom be in the neighborhood . he offer to make a dump run for I . mike do not he live 30 mile from here ? scarlet what 's you point ? mike come on . he 's be after you since 10th grade and he 's after you now . scarlet at least someone 's after I . Mike smile playfully and begin to serenade - mike ` in touch with the ground , I be on the hunt I be after you . ' scarlet shake she head - scarlet please , Mike . this be not high school . that 's not gonna work . mike ` smell like I sound , I be lose in a crowd , and I be hungry like the wolf . ' Mike flirtatiously stalk she . scarlet fight smile . 14 . scarlet you can stop now . it 's not work . mike ` mouth be alive , with juice like wine , and I be hungry like the wolf ' Mike get close to scarlet 's face . she smile , stop herself and push he away . scarlet you no longer have the right to invoke the " wolf . " a chastise Mike eye the yard ... it 's a wreck ... hole and mound of dirt everywhere , carcass of dead plant , bush and flower strewn about . mike why be you destroy the yard ? scarlet stop shoveling , wipe dirt from she face . scarlet I be gonna use it as a showpiece for client . thanks for ask . mike kind of a big undertake be not it ? scarlet I be a landscape designer . then again you barely take a interest in my work so I guess that 's a fair question . a awkward silence . then - mike I do not get it . scarlet I be sorry . but maybe this be what you need . maybe it 's time you look for something else ? mike that 's a great idea , scar . because there be so many option out there for a 36 year old with only a high school diploma . 15 . scarlet throw the shovel to the ground . scarlet and it 's all my fault , be not it ? mike I do not say that . scarlet no , but it 's what you think , right ? Mike 's silence say it all . scarlet fight back tear . scarlet ( cont 'd ) I never ask you to marry I . mike but I do . scarlet shake she head in frustration . scarlet I be sorry you be not happy with the way you life turn out Mike , really , I be , but you be not the victim here . scarlet go back to shoveling . Mike turn , step , fall into a hole . int . mike' audi - night a somber Mike drive alongside the Los Angeles River . a old song play low on the radio...static ... then ... boom . thunder roar scare Mike and literally shaking the audi . splash . rain drop in bucket . mike Jesus ! Mike turn the wiper on high . not much help . he slow the car to a crawl , strain to see out the windshield . lightning flash . we see the janitor lean over the railing look into the raging river . Mike brake , throw he door open , jump out into the pour rain . ext . road - night mike hey !? get away from there !? 16 . Mike , blind by the rain make he way to the railing . the janitor 's gone . mike ( cont 'd ) oh no !! hello !? Mike lean over the rickety railing , look down ... the phosphorescent water swirl angrily ... rise quickly . it 's mesmerize . magical . Mike can not take he eye off - lightening flash Mike 's 17 year - old face reflection stare back up at he . mike ( cont 'd ) what the - crack . the railing break . Mike fall ... splash ... headlong into the river . CUT to : ext . ed' house - next morning Mike 's audi roll into the driveway . the door swing open . a muddy , shoeless foot step out follow by a shoed foot but in no better shape . we follow the foot , tatter slack drag on the cement , to the door . 2 filthy hand dig into pocket , search - mike damn it . ( push doorbell ) Ed ! Ed ! I lose my key ! int . ed' house - morning Ed , wrap in a robe , tissue between he toe , wobble to the door so as not to mess up he freshly polished nail . ed come ! I have be worried sick ! where - Ed open the door ... stand before he be Mike , cover in mud . his rip , grimy suit now hang off of he because ... he's 17 again . Ed 's eye widen with fear . 17 . mike I have have a really rough night . ed aaaaahhhhhhhhh !!!!! Ed slam the door , frantically wobble away . the door open , angle on the muddy foot as they enter and follow the trail of cotton ball up the stair and to the bathroom door . int . bathroom - day angle on Ed cower against the back wall , brandish a over-size loofah . the door slowly swing open . Ed gasp - ed do not come any closer ! I will use it ! mike what be you gonna do ? exfoliate I to death ? ( Ed shriek ) you get into my sample case again , do not you ? a whimper Ed point to the mirror . mike ( cont 'd ) what 's you problem , it 's only mud . the muddy foot turn toward the mirror and - mike ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaahhhhhhh !!! angle on the mirror . Mike 's 17 . he turn on the water , splashes he face frantically . mud go . he 's still 17 . mike ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhhhhhh !!! Mike tear he suit jacket and shirt off ... hairless chest . he yank off he pants , peek down he boxer - mike ( cont 'd ) I be dream right ? be this some kind of hallucination ? Mike pull Ed up by he robe . 18 . mike ( cont 'd ) do something ! anything ! pinch I ! Ed throw a knee into Mike 's nut , bolt out the door scream . Mike crumble . mike ( cont 'd ) I say pinch ! int . ed' house / foyer - day Ed reach the door , fumble with the lock . he just manage to open the door when Mike tackle he to the floor . the two buddy roll around , limb intertwined . mike calm down ! we need to talk ! we can work this out ! female voice ( o.s . ) aye dio mio ! they stop wrestle , look up . the latino maid stand in the doorway genuflect . ed Maria , we be just friend . really . the maid hurry off mutter prayer in Spanish . CUT to : ext . ed' house / backyard - later ed my theory be that you be transformed by a freak congruence of some of the planet most volatile element . I have recreate the exact content of the LA River . the toxic pollutant , the contaminant . reveal Mike in the gurgle green water of the hot tub . mike well , it obviously be not work . 19 . ed that 's because the cocktail 's not complete . Ed pick up a toaster attach to a extension cord . ed ( cont 'd ) last night we have the worst electrical storm of the last hundred year . mike be that true ? ed it be pretty bad . Ed raise the toaster - mike wait !! wait !! wait !! do you really think this will work ? ed it could . Ed toss it in . Mike scream . nothing happen . ed ( cont 'd ) oops . come unplugge . wo not be a moment . Ed reach down to plug it in . ed ( cont 'd ) what be you do by the river anyway ? close on mike , Light bulb go off . he leap out , run for the house . mike the janitor ! CUT to : ext . fitch senior high school / parking lot - day the audi screech to a stop in front of the school . Mike bound out , wear a robe , race inside . 20 . int . fitch senior high school / hall - day Mike rush past baffle student , ask no one in particular - mike have anyone see the janitor ? be the janitor here ? where 's the janitor ? Mike reach the familiar wall of picture . kid point , laugh , stare . a female janitor , step from a room . mike ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ! Excuse I !? can you tell I where I can find the night janitor ? janitor I be the only custodial engineer currently employ here . mike there be a old guy , white hair . I show he this picture of I - Mike point to the 1989 team photo . janitor - of you ? that picture 's from 1989 . Mike back away from the picture and the janitor . mike right . forget it . confused , Mike stumble to the bathroom . he 's about to enter , three letter jacket wear jock , stan , jazz and kevin , burst out laugh , knock Mike on the way by . int . fitch senior high school / bathroom - day Mike enter , move to a sink , turn the water on - voice ( o.s. ) can I get a little help in here ? Mike turn , see what appear to be underwear stretch over the corner of a close stall door . 21 . Mike approach the door , swing it open ... there hang Alex , sneaker dangle 3 foot off the ground . the back of he underwear wrench up over the corner of the door . mike Alex ? what be you do up there ? alex I want to see if I could get my nut into my esophagus . what do you think I be do !? get I down ! mike okay . okay . I will get you down . Mike pull the underwear off the door . Alex drop , reach down he pants , adjust he underwear . alex how do you know my name ? mike I be ... Mark ... freedman . you uncle Ed 's son . he tell I to look out for you . alex uncle Ed have a son ? mike believe I , it 's gonna be a surprise to he too . do that guy do this to you ? alex goons from the basketball team . mike but why ? alex because they can and so they do on a daily basis . mike ( shocked ) but you be one of they . alex no , I be not . Nice robe , guy . gotta go . Alex walk out bowlegge . a devastate Mike watch he go . 22 . int . audi - moment later Mike drive off out of the parking lot . to he leave he spy - angle on : Stan and maggie make out against Stan 's mustang . Mike pound on the horn , scare they apart . drive 's off . int . ed' house / kitchen - night Ed sit at the island , a laptop in front of he . on the screen we see he 's peruse www.spellscursesincantations.com. the sound of the front door open and close . Mike enter . ed do you find the janitor ? mike he do not exist . nothing make sense . ed do he ask you for you soul ? mike no ? ed that 's a good sign . we can eliminate Satan . ( click on a link ) I think what we be deal with here be a spell of enlightenment . ( peruse the page ) " spell affect " ... " casting procedure " ... yada , yada , yada . basically it 's a learn spell . there 's something you need to figure out and until you do you will stay a kid . my guess be that janitor be probably a war ... mike ... I be go back to high school . ed ...lock . I be sorry . could you repeat that ? because I think you just say you be - 23 . mike go back to high school . Mike grab a beer from the fridge , crack it . as Mike be about to take a sip , Ed swipe the beer from he hand ... chug it down . ed be you out of you freaking mind !? mike my son be hang by he underwear from a bathroom stall door and my daughter be be maul by a smarmy gorilla . they need I . ed what about you job ? mike email and telephone . I get it cover . ed well , scarlet , then . what be you gonna tell she ? mike nothing . ed you be just gonna disappear ? mike to be honest , I think she would rather have it that way . what 's with the attitude ? ed because I know you be go to suck I into this and I be not go back there , Mike . you will never get I to go back to fitch . never ! CUT to : int . fitch senior high school / office - day ed I hate you . 24 . pull back to reveal Ed and Mike sit outside principal 's office . Mike be dress in a overly exaggerated hip style , ( a grow - up concept of what 's cool - he look ridiculous ) . mike take a deep breath . all you have to do be enroll I and say as little as possible . Ed calm . Mike pull a manila folder out of he book bag . mike ( cont 'd ) be you sure this look legit ? ed ( offended / cocky ) please . I create software use to launch the space shuttle . I think I be capable of forging some report card . what 's up with the gear ? mike this be hip teenage apparel . I get it right off the mannequin at Ed hardy . secretary Ms. goodwin will see you now . Mike and Ed stand , head for the door mark ` principal ' . ed first sign this old hag be on to we I 'm - Mike and Ed step through the door - int . principal be office - day ms. goodwin , 35 , sit behind she desk ... she 's no hag . she 's a attractive , buttone - up professional . Ed 's face light up and without miss a beat - ed - so glad we choose this school . I be Ed freedman . Ed step in front of Mike , shake Ms. goodwin 's hand . 25 . julie Nice to meet you . I be Julie goodwin , principal here at fitch senior High . and you behind there ? you be ? Mike try to peer around Ed . Mike finally physically move Ed step aside . ed oh , right . sorry . this little chicken pock here be Mark . say hello , Mark . Ed smile , rub mike head vigorously . Mike slap he hand . mike Nice to meet you , Julie . julie around here you be go to have to use Ms. goodwin . please , sit . Mike and Ed sit . ed before we get start I want you to know that Mark 's a bastard . julie Excuse I !? ed I have he out of wedlock . so the answer be yes , I be very single ... and very rich . mike dad meet mom in Thailand . she 's a very successful prostitute . Ed 's smile fade . julie o - Kay . do you bring you transcript ? Mike hand Julie the folder . as Julie browse through it , Ed and Mike get into a pinching , elbow fight . when she look up , the friend stop . both smile . 26 . julie ( cont 'd ) so the last school you go to be cutler High in Connecticut . and you be a straight a student . very impressive . ed I help he with he homework ... a lot . mike oh , dad , the doctor call . you be right . it be herpes . Ed 's jaw drop . Julie rise abruptly . julie I think it 's time we get Mark to class . Lisa ! Lisa ! the door open , in step lisa , 18 . julie ( cont 'd ) Lisa , will you print out a schedule for Mark and show he to class ? lisa sure . come on , Mark . Mike stand . Ed address he as fatherly as he know how - ed be a good boy now . and sit up straight . Mike glare at Ed , follow Lisa out . Ed turn to Julie . ed ( cont 'd ) they grow up so fast . mojito ? julie I beg you pardon . ed you strike I as a mojito gal . I know this little Cuban place , great plantain - julie - yeah , no . I do not date my student ' parent . it 's a rule of mine . 27 . ed I will enroll he somewhere else . julie I really need to get back to work . Julie usher Ed to the door . ed see you at the next bake sale then ? Julie shut the door , shake she head in disbelief . int . fitch senior high school / calculus CLASS - day Mike step in . scatter giggle at he appearance . Mike take a seat , eye three sexy girl wear next to nothing , samantha , lauren and jamie , busy texting on they phone . mike do they mother know they dress like that ? a girl next to he lean over - girl that be the wonder bras . beware . the jock , Stan , Jazz and Kevin strut in . Mike 's eye narrow . Stan stop before Mike , look he up and down - stan what do you do do ? mug the mannequin at the Ed hardy store ? jazz tool ! laughter from the class . Mike shy . the jock sit , Stan behind Mike . just as the last bell ring , maggie rush in , sit with the bras . maggie oh thank God he 's not here . I run all the way from - something catch maggie 's eye . it 's Mike wave to she . maggie ( cont 'd ) why 's that freak wave at I . maggie place a hand over she face , look down . 28 . male voice ( o.s . ) take you seat . stop the talk . mr. adam , 45 , prissy , stride in carry a stack of papers . mr. adam here be yesterday 's test . let 's see how you all do . moan from the class . Adams walk up and down the aisle slapping they down on the desk .. mr. adam ( cont 'd ) C - , C , B - , D , D - , F Adams reach maggie , drop the test on she desk ... mr. adam ( cont 'd ) D for o'donnell . humiliate , maggie lower she head . mr. adam ( cont 'd ) let I guess . early acceptance ? ( maggie nod ) where be we go ? maggie georgetown . mr. adam if you flunk senior calculus you will be lucky to get into beauty school , missy . so , if you plan on slack you way through my class , do not . save you parent tuition money and pick up a blow dryer ... Mike angrily stand - mike enough ! Mr. Adams turn to Mike . mr. adam Excuse I ? mike do you think humiliate a 17 year - old in front of she peer be helpful or do you just get off on it ? 29 . mr. adam and you be ? mike Mark freedman . it 's my first day . Adams turn , walk back towards the front of the room . mr. adam well , Mr. freedman - Stan signal he friend , take out a lighter , flick it , lean forward and place the flame between Mike 's leg . the flame glow red against Mike 's jeans . the jock and bras pull out they cell and begin videoing . Adams scribbles on a pad - mr. adam ( cont 'd ) - you have earn yourself a trip to the principal 's office . welcome to fitch . Adams rip the paper off , hold it out towards Mike . Mike sniff at the air - mike be someone barbecue ? ( beat ) yyyyeeeeooooowwwwwww !!!! Mike leap out of he shoe . a flame run up he crotch . laughter . Mike , scream , run around the room fan he package . mr. adam get out , Mr. freedman ! Mike snatch the slip from Adams and out the door . int . fitch senior high school / cafeteria - day a pack lunchroom . the clique sit amongst themselves . we notice all the kide hunch over staring at there phone . Mike enter carry a bag lunch . a black burn MARK on the crotch of he pants . a gaysian spot he , yell - gaysian go hot pant ! do you dance , girl ! 30 . the entire cafeteria turn to Mike and erupt in laughter . as Mike pass each table , we see the kid be watch he `fire dance ' on they phone . Mike approach a table of the 3 biggest losers in school , unkempt hair , fat , acne . Mike begin to sit when - biggest loser look , we feel you pain . we really do . but life 's hard enough , brother . Mike nod , continue on past the snicker and catcall until he see maggie and the wonder bras . angle : wonder bra table . maggie , samantha , Jamie and lauren pick around plate of cafeteria food . maggie what 's the big deal ? he stick up for I in class . it be a nice thing to do . samantha he be totally sex on you . lauren he 's come . pretend you be not here . Mike approach , big smile . the wonder bras look off in every direction except Mike 's . mike hi , maggie . hi , girl . I be Mark - the Girls continue look away , ignore Mike . mike ( cont 'd ) Girls ? hello ? anyone home ? lauren oh my God . can not you see we be not here ? mike good . so there 's plenty of room then . Mike drop down next to samantha and across from maggie . 31 . jamie oh , look . he bring a bag lunch . how sped . ( special ed ) Mike hide he lunch . samantha look , this table be v.i.p . you be a nip . mike what 's a nip ? lauren not important . go away . mike maggie , why be you friend with this horrible girl ? maggie listen , I appreciate what you do in class but , I already have a boyfriend . mike you have a boyfriend ? ( he phone ring ) Excuse I a second . Mike pull out a older blackberry phone , look at the caller id ... scarlet . he send it to voice mail . jamie he still get call . how 2007 . samantha I think my grandfather have that phone . mike maggie , could we talk somewhere else - the sound of a bounce ball interrupt . male voice ( o.s . ) yo ! Mike turn . Stan , Jazz and Kevin swagger over . 32 . stan bro-ski , what be you do at we table ? maggie nothing . he be just leave . maggie nod for Mike to go . mike ( sarcastic ) we should do this again sometime . Mike stand . Stan pull maggie up , start make out with she , hand all over she . we can see Mike 's blood boil until - mike ( cont 'd ) get you hand off she , you little punk ! oops . Stan stop grop , step over to Mike , a solid foot taller than he . stan you gotta problem with I , `bra ? Mike look around ... the entire cafeteria watch . defeat - mike no , no , I do not . Stan take Mike 's hat off , pick up a ice cream from maggie 's tray , put the ice cream in the hat , place it back on Mike 's head and smushes it down . stan now make like Tom and Cruise . flush with humiliation and ice cream drip down he face , Mike turn and walk out . maggie that be so not cool . stan what ? I will buy you another ice cream . we see Alex , seat by himself at a back table , shake he head in disgust . 33. int . restaurant / bar - night a beat down Mike sit alongside Ed at the bar . mike it be terrible . the place be evil , Ed . that building need to be exorcise . ed come on . it could not have be that bad . mike my beanbag be light on fire , video and send to every member of student body . ed yeah , I catch it on youtube . funny stuff . mike they mock my clothes and phone . my daughter get a tongue bath in front of I and I have mint chip in my ear . ed High school 's great , be not it ? the bartender approach . bartender what can I get you ? mike double scotch neat . bartender funny , kid . ed get the boy a shirley Temple . extra cherries . the bartender nod serve up the drink . Mike miserably pluck a cherry off he pink drink . mike I be not go back there . 34 . ed Mike , you be a adult sit on 36 year of experience . you should be dominate this kid , rip they heart out . a older woman take a seat next to the boy . mike I know why you be encourage I all of a sudden . ed because I be a supportive dad . mike because you want to nail my principal . ed do she ask about I ? mike she 's not you type . she 's smart . ed as far as I can tell that 's she only flaw . I need a reason to see she again . you could flunk you class , start a fight , vandalise the place . you will figure it out . then I can rush in , a teary eye , helpless , single dad who can not handle he angry , kitten kill son . what do you think ? the older Lady , have listen to it all , turn to Ed - older lady I think you should be report to child service ! ed mind you business , Lady . this be a family matter . the Lady turn away in disgust . mike I can not do it . I do not have it in I . 35 . ed hey , no sweat off my sack . tell Alex to stop wear underwear all together . he will be fine . that 's what I do . Mike eye Ed , consider just how " well adjust " Ed be . a determine look come over Mike . he pound the bar . mike you be right ! my kid need I . ed at 'a boy . now what you need be a crash course on be a teen in 2008 . a montage of mike' crash course ext . magazine stand - night the boy gather a stack of teen magazine and tabloid rag . Ed slip a melon Magazine into the pile . int . trendy hair salon - night a picture of a young , popular STAR tear from one of the teen mag hang on the mirror . a hairdresser cut away and highlight Mike 's long lock . Ed sit beside Mike sip wine , enjoy a manicure . int . trendy clothes store - night it 's the pretty woman scene . 2 hip salesgirls pull clothes from rack . a clean cut Mike try on sneaker , jeans , T - shirt , hoodies , shirt , jewelry . Ed nod with he approval or disapproval . at the register , the Girls hand Mike he bag of clothes . Ed take out he cell to put they number in it . the Girls frown and go back to work . int . virgin mega music store - night Mike and Ed stand before the wall of 100 top album . both wear headphone listen and move to the music . 36 . int . ed' house / office - night Mike and Ed , surround by the magazine and music disc , sit before the computer . Ed teaches Mike how to create a myspace page . bogus about I and interest . photoshop picture of Mike in exotic location . all the `now ' movie , music and book . they fill he Friends section with only hot girl . the boy view the flashy , finish product , tap fist . this page make ` Mark freedman ' look like a playboy . int . mac store - night a salesman hand a smile Mike he new iphone . int . ed' house / mike' bedroom - night Mike sit on the bed , type away on he laptop . a knock on the door . Mike look up and yell . Ed stand in the doorway , he entire body and head wrap in seaweed . ed before you ask , it 's a seaweed wrap . I be detoxify as well as lose a inch or 2 from my problem area . mike there must be a very hot girl downstairs . ed there be . what be you do ? mike I forward my call to my new phone , send some work email and just lob one to scarlet , tell she I be in Peru find myself . think she will buy it ? ed probably not because when she call earlier I tell she you be be detain at Guantanamo . ready for tomorrow ? 37 . mike I be so ready . Ed flip Mike a set of key . Mike 's eye light up . ed that ought 'a put you over the top . and do not forget to hook I up son . Ed plod off . off Mike 's huge smile . ext . fitch senior high school / parking lot - morning the usual pre-school ritual . Stan , Jazz , Kevin , the wonder bras and maggie all hang around Stan 's `stang . Stan and maggie wrap in a heat embrace , kissing . honk . a horn blare . Stan and maggie jump out of the way . a aston martin vanquish stop next to the crew . the tinted window roll down revealing the new and improve Mike . Mike wink then roll on past . samantha oh my god . be that - jamie do you see - lauren I tell you he be cute . int . fitch senior high school / hall - day it 's the moment . Mike walk the hallway , handsome and hip . samantha , lauren and Jamie text by they locker . Mike strut up to they . the bras smile . mike so I have be here a couple day now and I think I get it figure out . you girl be lesbian , right ? the bras ' jaw hit the floor . Mike walk off , a huge grin on he face . man , that feel good . 38 . int . fitch senior high school / cafeteria - day Mike step from the kitchen area carry a tray , scan the crowded room , find Alex seat at a table alone . it 's a heartbreaking image . Mike approach - mike mind if I sit here ? alex Mark ? you look totally different . Mike sit across from Alex . mike I get rid of the bull 's eye on my forehead . alex could you move to the leave a little ? Mike inch leave , peek behind he ... 2 girl eat lunch together . the one face they be a cute latino , nicole , 16 . Nicole smile . Alex quickly shy away . mike who 's she ? alex Nicole Lopez . she 's in my Spanish class . mike have you speak to she ? alex no . I get all stupid so I just stare . mike I will tell you a funny story . the first time I meet you mother I be so nervous - alex my mother ? mike what ? 39 . alex you say , ` the first time I meet you mother I be so nervous ... ' mike I do ? that 's weird . be you mom hot ? alex dude . mike what 's go on tonight ? you wanna hang out ? do something ? alex really ? mike yeah you could show I around . alex cool . the wonder bras sway in , take seat at the VIP table . mike I will swing by you house around 7 . Mike rise . alex I would not go over there . Stan and he baboon have lunch this period . mike do not worry . I will see you tonight . Mike stroll over to the bras ' table , plunk himself down . mike ( cont 'd ) do you girl catch ellen yesterday ? rosie be on . Melissa etheridge jamme - samantha - you be so rude !? we be not gay . we like boy . jamie yeah , samantha 's a total slu ... samantha 's jaw drop . 40 . lauren last New Year 's samantha make it with my boyfriend . samantha I be on like 5 Red bull ! I can not believe you keep bring that up . the bras ' begin to bicker amongst themselves . Mike pull out he new iphone , plug the earphone in he ear . the bras immediately stop bicker , ogle the phone . jamie rad phone . mike I know . I will text you ... not . later ... much . Mike rise from the table . samantha like we would ever give you we number . Stan , carry a basketball , he goons and maggie come up behind Mike . stan head up ! Stan whip the ball at Mike . Mike , cat-quick , spin around , catch the ball . the whole cafeteria turn they attention on Mike and Stan . Mike point to the name ` Stan ' on Stan 's letter jacket , read - mike Stan . do mommy sew that on there so you would not forget you name ? laughter from the student . stan you think `cause you get a haircut and new clothes people would forget what a fag you be ? maggie cut it out , Stan . let 's eat . 41 . stan gimme my ball back , bee-yotch . Mike ignore he and start dribble . mike you know , Stan , I feel sorry for you . stan you do not know I . Mike speak loudly now , play to the cafeteria . mike oh but I do . all too well . you be the man . Captain of the basketball team . date the pretty girl . High school be you kingdom . Stan and he posse tap fist . Mike dribble between he leg . mike ( cont 'd ) but , people , Stan 's a bully . why ? it would be way too easy to say Stan prey on the weak because he 's simply a dick . no , Stan 's more complex than that . accord to lead psychiatrist Stan be a bully for 1 of 3 reason . 1 , under all that male bravado there 's a insecure little girl bang on the closet door try to get out . 2 , like a caveman , Stan 's brain be underdeveloped . therefore Stan be unable to use self - control so he act out aggressively . and the third reason - Mike hold up he pinky then spin the ball on it . mike ( cont 'd ) I would argue that Stan suffer from all 3 . the entire cafeteria laugh hysterically . Mike feign whipping it back at Stan , who recoil , then gently roll the ball back to Stan . mike ( cont 'd ) ( wink ) do not hurt yourself big boy . 42 . some student , include Alex , erupt . the wonder bras eye Mike with new find lust . angle on Mike 's face as he walk away . mike ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) 3 , 2 , 1 ... Mike duck just as the ball whizze overhead , rocket across the cafeteria landing on miss goodwin 's tray , splattering she with food . she glare at Stan . Mike 's iphone buzze ... angle on screen : the wonder bras digit appear . int . fitch senior high school / college CENTER - day Mike enter , approach mrs . mencer , 60. mike my guidance councilor make I come , but just so you know I be not plan on go to college . mrs . mencer a lot of kid feel that way . do not be intimidate . it do not hurt to take a look . Mrs. mencer hand Mike a hefty book . mrs . mencer ( cont 'd ) a good place to start be here ... this book have information on every college and university in the country . mike thanks . Mike sit , start paging through the book and get lose in the bright color picture ... smile student , campuse and lecture hall ... the option he lost year ago . int . aston martin - night a pump - up Mike dial ... ringing . on the seat beside he rest a stack of college application . Ed answer . 43. ed ( o.s. ) hello ? mike it be incredible ! I be incredible ! you should 'a see I ! I humiliate Stan in front of the entire lunchroom . everyone be clap . the popular girl be begging to give I they number ! ed see what happen when you put a little lipstick on the pig ? do you manage to get send to the principal 's office ? mike man , I feel great ! I even shot some hoop after school . no aches . no pain . gotta run , buddy . Mike hang up . ext . mike' house - night the aston Martin pull up . Mike climb out , walk to the door , take a deep breath and ring the bell . scarlet ( o.s. ) come ! the door open revealing scarlet in she dirty yard attire . scarlet ( cont 'd ) I have be die to meet you . I have know you father since ... ( gasp ) scarlet ... speechless ... visibly stunne by the resemblance ... mike be something wrong ? scarlet ( flustered ) no . it 's just ... you look like ... no. I be fine . come in . please . 44 . int . mike' house / live room - night scarlet and Mike sit across from one another . scarlet stare at Mike as if examine every pore on he face . scarlet and you say Ed freedman be you father ? mike that 's my dad . all 68 inch of he . scarlet you do not look anything like he . if you do not mind I ask , who 's you mother ? mike my mother ... she ... she be ...a... Mike spy dostoevsky 's crime and punishment on a table . mike ( cont 'd ) -a convict . in New Jersey . they meet while dad be at Princeton . she be on parole . b&amp ; E , fist fight , shanking . nothing major . but she 's dead now . scarlet oh ? I be sorry . mike I warn she about kite surfing during hurricane season . so how be thing with you ? do anything exciting ? date ? flirt with dom Johnson maybe ? scarlet why would you ask about dom ? do Ed tell you to say that ? mike I mean do what you want . you be a grow woman but , word on the street be dom 's be spread gingivitis all over town . scarlet I will keep that in mind , Mark . 45 . scarlet can not take she eye off Mike . scarlet ( cont 'd ) it 's crazy how much you like my husband when he be a teenager . Mike switch subject , point to she dirty clothes - mike you do some gardening ? scarlet I be . I be a landscape designer . I be actually redoing the backyard . I will show you . scarlet stand , lead Mike to the french door . scarlet ( cont 'd ) it 's a work in progress so you will have to use you imagination some . scarlet open the door , flip on the light . the yard 's be clean up . Fresh blanket of sod rest in pile next to stack of limestone . hundred of unplant plant , flower , tree and shrub sit around the yard in strategic position . ext . mike' house / backyard - night Mike and scarlet step outside . mike I almost do not even recognize it ...er... if I have see it before I probably would not recognize it . scarlet you would not have . it be a disaster back here a few day ago . obviously I have a lot to do still . I be lay the sod next and the limestone pathway will go here . scarlet move about the yard , point and explain . scarlet ( cont 'd ) then I will plant all that , over a hundred different type of flower and plant . I have a amazing fountain be deliver that will go here and a bench over there . ( more ) 46 . scarlet ( cont 'd ) and I will string row of tiny , white light above it all so every night will be a starry one . it will be a real sanctuary back here . mike it seem like a lot 'a work for one person , scar . a chill run up scarlet 's spine . scarlet my husband 's the only one that ever call I that . Alex appear at the door interrupt - alex yo , Mark . let 's do this . mike good luck with the project . scarlet Nice to meet you . and , Alex , be home by 10:30 . Mike head back inside . scarlet stare after he . int . aston martin - night Mike and Alex step in . mike how 's you mom do ? you know , with you dad not be around and all . alex she do not like to show it but I know she 's bum . I think it bother she more that he have not call I or maggie in a while . whatever . beep . beep . Mike pull out he iphone , text message from samantha . it read : samantha's text wat^ ? mobinit 2 zuma. soi ! but w/e. brb. bk. gtg. ttyl. xo. sam . 47 . Mike stare at the screen as if it be in hieroglyphics . mike I have no idea what this say ? Alex take the phone from Mike , read - alex it say ` what up ? mobbing it to Zuma . so over it but whatever . be right back . back . get to go . talk to you later . kiss , hug . Sam . mike let 's hit the beach , wingman . the two touch fist . ext . zuma beach - night a bonfire illuminate the night sky . music play . kide lay on blanket , play football . other splash in the ocean . we find maggie and the wonder bras seat by the fire . samantha we be on he myspace page . there 's a picture of he jam with the chili pepper at coachella . jamie I hear timbaland want to produce a album with he . lauren yeah , but he turn he down to help orphan with brangelina in nambib-ib-bib ... in Africa . samantha oh my God ! I bet he know Justin . angle : Mike and a nervous Alex make they way down the sand . alex this look boring . let 's go back to my house and play video game . Alex turn . Mike grab he arm , turn he back . 48 . mike what be you so nervous about ? alex the beach be for the older , cool kid . I do not belong here . mike what be you talk about ? you be a basketball player . you be cool . alex I do not play basketball . I mean , I can play , I just do not play on the team . Mike be stunne . mike but I think you be get ready for the season ? alex I never tell you that . as a confuse Mike and Alex approach the scene , boy call out to Mike , tap he fist . girl fawn over he . Mike 's become a celebrity ... and he 's eat it up . angle : lauren spot Mike with Alex . lauren here he come ! the bras whip they head around , get all dreamy . maggie can he be any lamer ? use my little brother to get to I ? samantha if that boy be a apple he would be delicious . samantha leap up , scurries over to Mike . lauren and Jamie chase after she . maggie shake she head . as Mike and Alex approach the gather , Alex freeze up . alex oh , man . it 's she . she 's here . 49 . mike who ? Alex nod towards the fire . seat with friend be Nicole . Alex belches loudly . alex she 's so pretty it make I gassy . mike calm down . here 's what you be gonna do . you be gonna go over there and introduce yourself - alex she will not like I , Mark . I be a loser . Mike grab Alex by the shoulder . mike why ? because Stan say so ? you think Stan 's a winner ? he 's go nowhere . you be a great kid . any girl would be lucky to get you attention . alex really ? mike really . and right now , there 's a girl over there who 's die to meet you . a determine look come over Alex . alex okay . what do I say ? mike just introduce yourself . then compliment she on something she never get compliment on . like if she have big , meaty , man hand tell she she should be a hand model . ( Alex burp nervously ) and do not burp on she . alex I can do that . 50 . Alex take a deep breath , march off just as samantha run up and throw she arm around Mike . samantha you come ! why do not we take a walk somewhere private and play ? Jamie and lauren rush over . jamie I do not think so , Sam . Mark promise I a walk on the beach . lauren walk with I . I have get less mile on I . a full blow argument break out between the bras . Mike see maggie sit by the fire alone , slip out . angle : Alex step over to Nicole and suddenly lose confidence . as he turn to retreat , Nicole look up - nicole hi . Alex stop , turn back around and blurt out - alex hi , Alex . I be Nicole . Nicole and she Friends giggle . nicole you do not look like a Nicole . alex you have big , meaty man hand . you should be a hand model . the Girls ' jaw drop . Nicole hide she hand . nicole oh my God ! seriously !? Alex rip a huge burp . the Girls duck for cover . girl 1 I think he get some on I ! 51 . alex wait . I be sorry . I be just real nervous and I have want to talk to you for so long . and Mark tell I to compliment you on something you never get compliment on but I could not find anything because everything 's so ... perfect . Nicole and she Friends melt . nicole do you want to sit down , Nicole ? Nicole scoot over make room next to she . Alex smile . angle : Mike sit down beside maggie . maggie what do you want ? mike Stan . why be you dating he ? maggie get to the point why do not you ? mike I be serious . he 's not a nice guy . matter of fact he 's a jackass . maggie do not talk about he like that . you do not even know he . mike I know he bully you brother . maggie Stan barely know Alex exist . we be move in together after graduation . mike whoa . whoa . whoa . I think you be go to georgetown ? maggie I be go to westwood Community College . Stan and I both be . Mike lose it , leap to he foot shouting - 52 . mike the hell you be , Young Lady ! if you think I be gonna let you throw you life away on some sleestack you be crazy ! I forbid you to see he anymore and that 's final ! maggie jump up . kid all stare . maggie who do you think you be !? my father ?! maggie stomp over to the still bicker bras . mike do not you walk away from I , Margaret Sarah o'donnell ! maggie and the bras turn towards Mike and glare . maggie head for the parking lot . samantha who 's Margaret ? lauren he do not even know she name . jamie he 's so not into she . the bras make the `text I ' sign then hurry after maggie . Mike kick angrily at the sand and accidentally into the face of a group of kide . ext . ed' house / pool - morning a hot girl wear a ` lifeguard ' bathing suit sit atop a high chair . Ed float on a raft . a freeze drink next to he . scarlet loom over he , the 2 in a heat conversation - scarlet I have not hear from he in three week . obviously he do not care . ed he care . 53. scarlet then where be he ? Mike step from the house , see scarlet - mike what 's go on ? scarlet nothing , Mark . I be just drop something off . scarlet toss a manila envelope on the patio table . scarlet ( cont 'd ) we court date be the 27th . if he have anything to say , he can say it then . scarlet exit . mike what be that all about ? ed that envelope contain divorce papers . Mike eye the envelope , in stunne silence . ed ( cont 'd ) but what do you care ? you be go to college , right ? life 's one big panty raid for you . Mike feign innocence . mike I do not know what you be talk about ? ed I see the application in you room . mike you go through my room !? ed if you would clean like I ask I would not have have to . you can not be serious about this can you ? 54 . Mike start to argue then give in - mike I have to face the possibility that I might never turn back and if that 's the case , I be go to do it right this time around . ed karmically speak , in the next life you be come back as a hemorrhoid . Mike scoff , storm off . Ed call after he - ed ( cont 'd ) I be not pay for college ! int . fitch senior high school / hall - day Mike shove book in he locker . Stan approach . stan you like she , do not you ? mike who ? stan my girlfriend . she tell I you be trash I at the beach . mike leave she alone , Stan . she 's a good kid . stan I do not know how good she be yet but after I find out , she 's all yours . Stan walk off . Mike slam he locker shut . int . fitch senior high school / calculus CLASS - day Mike slip inside the empty classroom , slather krazy glue all over Stan 's desktop and chair . Mike sit just as the rest of the class file in . Stan kiss maggie and take he seat . 55 . Stan lean on he desk , place a forearm and a hand on the sticky desktop . he catch Mike look back at he and give he a cocky wink . Mike wink back knowingly . Mike 's phone beep . he check it ... a pix message ...3 perfect asse in tiny bikini bottom . a wide - eye Mike spin in he seat to find the wonder bras smile at he . Mr. Adams enter . mr. adam settle , people . Adams scribbles a large equation on the blackboard . mr. adam ( cont 'd ) this be you homework . who can come up here and solve this for I ? anyone ? blank , uninterested face . scatter giggle . Adams toss the chalk angrily on he desk . mr. adam ( cont 'd ) not one person . fine. miss o'donnell . come up here and dazzle we with you brilliance . maggie rise nervously from she seat , shuffles to the front of the class . as she pass Stan we see ... Stan lift he finger from the desktop ... it 's wet ... he place he wet finger to the tip of he nose and smell . when Stan try to remove he finger from he nose ... they stick . Stan try to raise he other arm ... stuck . stan stuck !!! I be stick ! my finger ! Stan stand , hunch ... the chair glued to he butt . the desk attached to he forearm and he finger stuck to he nose . the kid and Mike burst out laugh , break out they video phone as Stan fumble around , drag the desk , panicking . mr. adam sit down , Stan ! sit down ! stan it 's glue ! I be glue to everything ! 56 . Jazz bound out of he seat , grab hold of Stan 's wrist . jazz I will get it off ! stan no ! no ! do not pull --! rrrriiiipppp . Jazz yank . Stan 's scream echoe . int . fitch senior high school / gym - day Mike , wear basketball gear and bounce a basketball , stand in the middle of the court . Alex enter . alex I get you text . what 's so important ? mike this year you be make the team . we practice everyday `til try out . that give we a week and a half . alex forget it . mike yeah , you be right . you probably do not have any skill anyway . Mike begin to walk out . alex hey ! I get skill . Mike turn back . mike so what 's you problem ? be it Stan and he friend ? alex just leave it alone . mike you do not need to be afraid of they , Alex . alex I be too small anyway . 57 . mike that 's why we focus on you speed , dribble and outside shot . remember , it 's not how big you be - alex - it 's how big you play . ( quizzically ) where do you hear that ? mike ( cover ) I do not know ? read it somewhere I guess . be a sport . show I what you get . Mike toss Alex the ball . Alex begin to dribble . Mike step up to defend . Alex dribble quick , through he leg . mike ( cont 'd ) alright . you get a little game . wham . the door slam open . in walk Stan and he posse . a blood speckle band - aid cover the tip of Stan 's nose . stan what be you 2 queer do in my gym ? mike let 's go , Alex . Alex stop dribble . he and Mike move towards the door . Stan and he posse block the way . stan I do not think so . you girl wanna play with the boy then let 's play . 2 on 2 . mike we will save you the embarrassment for try-out . Stan take the ball from Alex , turn he back , dribble . stan come on , ally . embarrass I . while dribble , Stan move backwards , bump into Alex 's midsection , force Alex back . 58 . mike back off , Stan . Alex take a deep breath , tired of be afraid - alex it 's okay . I get he . Alex throw he hand up , try to defend the much bigger Stan . Stan easily back Alex down , fake leave and right . stan you ready ? here it come . Stan spin , elbow high ... pow ... Alex catch one to the head and drop . Stan shoot and score . stan ( cont 'd ) 2 point ! and I be foule ! Stan high 5 's Jazz and Kevin . blind with rage , Mike rush Stan ... wham ... tackle he hard to the floor . Jazz and Kevin throw Mike off Stan , punch and kick he . coach harvey , now 58 , enter the gym , run over to the fraca , pull the boy apart . coach harvey hey ! that 's enough ! that 's enough ! int . fitch senior high school / office - day Mike and a nervous Alex sit outside the principal 's office . Mike hold a ice pack to he eye . alex my mom 's be in there a while . she 's gonna be piss . mike Act like you be hurt and she will not be able to stay mad at you . the door swing open . a elate Ed blow in . ed Way to go , slugger ! get any shot in ? the Secretary 's jaw drop . 59 . secretary Mr. freedman , you son have a black eye . ed wuss ! Ed sit between Mike and Alex . ed ( cont 'd ) hey , Alex . how you doin ' , buddy ? alex I be okay I guess . ed good. good. ( turn to Mike , nudge he ) Nice goin ' . how do I look ? anything in my tooth ? how 's my breath ? Ed flash he pearly white then blow on Mike . the principal 's door open , a angry scarlet step out . scarlet Ed . ed hey , scarlet . excite , be not it ? my first parent / principal conference . scarlet look sternly to Alex - scarlet Fighting ? what 's get into you ? alex ( rub he jaw ) I can not talk , Mom . my jaw . scarlet ( melt ) my poor baby . and how about you , Mark ? scarlet bend down so she 's eye to eye with Mike . she remove the ice pack ... a purple shiner . 60 . scarlet ( cont 'd ) ouch . you poor thing . do it hurt ? scarlet stroke Mike 's face . Mike lose himself in she caring , gentle touch . mike not anymore . you smell great . scarlet , a bit weird out by Mike , stand . scarlet Alex , I will meet you at the car . I need to talk to uncle Ed for a second . Alex shuffles out of the office . scarlet turn to Ed , hushed - scarlet ( cont 'd ) do you give he the divorce papers ? ed I send they to he . scarlet be it another woman ? I can handle it . tell I the truth . ed I have not hear from he , really . scarlet look down , fight back tear , unravel a bit ... scarlet okay . if you do , please have he call home . for the kid ... I be run out of excuse - ed I will tell he . I promise . scarlet force a smile . Mike watch she go . for the first time he 's see her reality ... hurt , pain , frustration . Mike place he head sadly in he hand . Julie the principal poke she head out the door . julie Ed , come on in . Ed whisper to Mike . 61 . ed I will take it from here . as Ed pass Julie on the way in - ed ( cont 'd ) I be heartbroken . the boy 's incorrigible . int . fitch senior high school / principal' office - day Ed take a seat across from Julie , put on he best vtrouble parent ' look . julie look , if it be only one isolate fight it would not distress I all that much . boy will be boy . but , it 's also be bring to my attention that Mark may have krazy glue a boy to he chair . Ed stifles a laugh , put on a serious face . ed my son ? Mark ! get in here ! now ! Mike slouches in , take a seat . ed ( cont 'd ) do you glue a boy to he chair ? mike no . Ed throw he hand up in exasperation . ed see ? the boy 's out of control . he 's act up at home . he will not eat he vegetable - mike ed he shave he back . he suck he thumb . mike ed he wear girl underwear . he wet he bed . 62 . julie enough ! Mark , I know it 's hard to be the new kid but if I have anymore trouble from you , you will be face detention or worse . you can go now . Mike nod , exit . Ed stand and with exaggerated sadness - ed he 's cry out for help and I do not know what to do . it hurt so bad . maybe we could discuss this over margaritas ? julie let 's give he time to figure it out on he own . if the situation get worse then we will take the next step . ed you be the expert . I be just a single dad out here blow like dust in the wind . Ed shake Julie 's hand and exit , sniffle . ext . mike' house / backyard - day a dirt cover scarlet wrestle a roll of sod down . mike ( o.s . ) get a extra pair of glove ? scarlet peer over she shoulder ... Mike wander in . scarlet stand , wipe she bare , dirty hand on she jeans . scarlet glove be for sissy . mike yeah , but I just have a manicure . scarlet ( laugh ) you be serious ? you want to help ? mike be you kid ? I love landscape ! ( more ) 63 . mike ( cont 'd ) it 's right up there with watch " sex and the City " and snuggling . scarlet laugh , eye he skeptically - scarlet Mark , I be 36 year old - mike I be just do this to make a few buck so I can buy laker ticket . scarlet ( blushes ) embarrassing . sorry . I will give you 10 dollar a day . mike wow. 10 whole dollar . at that rate I should be able to buy ticket in ...2011 . scarlet fine. 20 . grab a roll . Mike and scarlet , step over to the sod , lift a roll together , carry it over to the spot . mike what be the benefit like here ? scarlet I will throw in a baloney sandwich . mike deal . Mike and scarlet share a laugh . int . fitch senior high school / library - day Mike stroll in , sit at a back table , pull a college application from he knapsack . he take out a pen , place the tip to the paper where it say `name ' when - we hear the muffle sound of crying . Mike rise , follow the sob through the maze of stack until he find - mike maggie ? - seat on the floor , head hide between she knee . maggie look up , see Mike , quickly dry she eye . 64 . maggie what do you want ? to rub it in my face ? say I tell you so ? mike you lose I ? maggie drop she head back between she knee . maggie Stan dumped I . maggie bawl loudly . Mike panic , fear the worst - mike what happen ? what do he do ? you do not ... maggie my mom be work last night . Stan come over with a box of - Mike slap he palm over he ear . mike you next word better be vcooky ' or you be in big , big trouble ! maggie what be I go to do ? I can not live without he . maggie take Mike 's shirt , blows she nose on it . mike maggie , do you two ... you know ...do ... maggie do what ? mike that thing ... that rabbit do a lot of and that a girl you age should never do and should only do when she 's marry . maggie sex ? no , that 's why he dumped I ! maggie bawl again . Mike silently celebrate , sit beside she , awkwardly pat she on the back . 65 . mike there , there now . it 's okay . maggie sure he be a jerk but he be there for I . which be more than I can say for any other man in my life . maggie sob uncontrollably . Mike take a deep breath , calm - mike when you be young everything seem like the end of the world . but it 's not . it 's just the beginning . and you might have to meet a few more jerk , but one day you will meet a boy who treat you the way you deserve to be treat ... like the sun rise and set with you . maggie you really think so ? mike I know so . maggie throw she arm around Mike , hug he tight . Mike hug she back . a moment he 's never have with he daughter . maggie you be so sweet . angle on maggie 's face . she 's smitten . montage of life ext . basketball court - day Alex dribble , use both hand , while run through a maze of cone . whenever he mess up , Mike make he start again . ext . mike' house / backyard - day Mike and scarlet settle the limestone rock into the freshly laid sod create a walkway . int . fitch senior high school / calculus CLASS - day maggie solve a difficult problem on the board , much to Mr. Adam 's chagrin . 66 . maggie turn from the chalkboard and smile flirtatiously at Mike . Stan catch this exchange and pop the back of Mike 's head . ext . basketball court - night light shine down . Alex stand behind the 3 point line . Mike feed he ball . Alex shoot and move . shoot and move . more miss than hit . int . fitch senior high school / principal' office - day again , Mike and Ed sit before a stern Julie . ext . mike' house / driveway - day Mike teach Alex the cross over dribble . scarlet bring the boy water . Mike check she out as she go back in the house . Alex bounce the ball off he head . int . fitch senior high school / calculus CLASS - day a muffle buzz . Mike reach into he pocket , pull out he phone . a pix message . Mike open it . a close up of perfect cleavage . Mike peek over he shoulder ... the wonder bras text on they phone . he 's confuse until - - Mike turn a little more in he seat ... maggie smile seductively at he , blow a kiss . Mike gasp , spin back around ... traumatized . ext . mike' house / backyard - day scarlet fill hole with plant then water they with a hose . she turn , find Mike sleeping in the grass . scarlet pick up the hose , turn it on he . Mike leap up , chase she . ext . fitch senior high school / parking lot - day Mike , Alex , Nicole , maggie , the bras and a slew of kide hang by Mike 's aston . Stan , Jazz and Kevin be all that 's leave by Stan 's mustang . 67 . ext . basketball court - day Alex scamper through the maze of cone , dribble from hand to hand ... and do it perfectly . Mike and Alex high 5 . ext . mike' house / backyard - day Mike and scarlet lug a ornate , wooden bench to it 's spot . they sit . Mike casually place a hand on scarlet 's leg . scarlet casually remove it . int . fitch senior high school / gym - day a game of 1 on 1 . Alex dribble up to Mike . Mike crouch in a defensive stance . Mike go for the ball . Alex cross over . Mike miss . Alex pull up , shoot and score . Mike smile , shake he head . int . fitch senior high school / principal' office - day again , Mike and Ed sit before Julie . she hand Ed a slip of paper ...3 detention . Ed choke back crocodile tear . int . fitch senior high school / hall - day Mike place book in he locker , shut the door revealing ... a goo goo eye maggie . Mike startles and run . maggie chase . int . basketball court - day Alex stand behind the 3 point line . Mike rapidly feed he ball . Alex catch , shoot and move . this time ... they be all go in . Mike pass the last ball . Alex shoot and we - CUT to : int . fitch senior high school / gym - day close on a ball go through the hoop . wider reveal Alex follow through . he and Mike tap fist . it 's try-out . coach harvey , a number of hopefuls , maggie , Nicole and the bras watch the game of half court , 2 on 2 . Stan and Jazz versus . Mike and Alex . 68 . Mike and Alex school Stan and Jazz . steal , pick , fancy pass and scoring . the coach watch with awe . a final 3 pointer by Mike in Stan 's face seal the deal . coach harvey that make 11 - 3 . game over . Gather up . as Alex pass harvey , harvey stop he - coach harvey ( cont 'd ) you have gotta little bit of you old man in you , o'donnell . the team and the hopeful huddle around coach harvey . coach harvey ( cont 'd ) as you all know due to the amount of senior come back I only have 2 open spot on the roster . it 's freedman and o'donnell . the rest of you hit the shower . the hopeful trudge out of the gym . Alex leap into the air . alex wooo ! we do it , Mark ! we do it ! mike you kill it out there ! Alex run over , hug Nicole . Mike beam with pride . coach harvey put a arm around he - coach harvey Son , I do not know where you come from but you just make my year . int . mike' house - night Alex rush through the door . Mike and maggie follow . maggie slap Mike 's butt . int . mike' house / kitchen - night alex Mom ! Mom ! scarlet ( o.s. ) I will be right out , honey ! 69 . mike I get 'a use the bathroom . we follow Mike down the hall . as he pass a half open door , he pause , peek in ... scarlet , face away , pull a shirt over she nude back , shake out she long hair . Mike watch ...no , he gay longingly , lovingly ... lose in she beauty until ... scarlet turn , startles - scarlet Mark ? I do not know you be there . mike I be sorry . you just look so beautiful . scarlet blushes ... it 's be a while since she 's hear that . scarlet thank you . mike can I zip you up ? scarlet I be wear a sweater . mike you jeans ? scarlet walk towards he and ... slam ... shut the door on he . Mike wander to the bathroom , shaking he head - mike ( cont 'd ) stupid , idiot , stupid . int . mike' house / bathroom - night Mike enter , step over to the toilet . maggie slip in behind he , shut the door . he whirl around . mike maggie , what ... maggie place a finger on he lip . 70 . maggie shhh . I get it now . why you do not want I to be with Stan , the nice thing you say in the library . it 's because you want I . maggie back Mike against the wall . mike maggie , listen to I . I be not the person you think ... maggie shhh . yes , you be . you be a good guy . you be not like the other . mike that 's right ! I be not like the other . I be very different than the other . so different that you and I can never be ... maggie stop , look quizzically at Mike - maggie what be you try to say ? be you ... " confuse " ? mike yes ! yes ! that 's it . I be confuse . extremely confuse . maggie ohmygod ! it all make sense now ! you hair . the highlight . Mike start to speak . stop . finally get it - mike what ? no-no-no- no . I be not gay . I be ... I have be in love with the same girl since I be 17 . maggie switch back into predatory mode . maggie who be it ? do she go to we school ? do I know she ? mike no , you do not . now - ( eye the toilet ) - if you do not mind ? 71 . maggie tell you girlfriend she better keep a close eye on you . maggie smile seductively and strut out . int . mike' house / kitchen - night Alex type on he phone . Mike enter . mike who you texting ? alex my dad . I have to tell he about today . Mike nod ... then realize ... beep ... beep . he phone . Alex and maggie look to Mike . Mike check he phone . alex ( cont 'd ) do you just get a text ? mike ( nervous ) me? no. yes . it 's ed. I mean dad . not you dad . my dad . I will just call he back . scarlet enter . she look amazing . scarlet so ? what happen ? tell I . tell I . I be die to hear . alex I do it . I be a falcon ! the first game 's in 2 week . scarlet oh my God , Alex ! that 's so incredible ! scarlet wrap Alex in a big hug . Mike watch . it 's a bittersweet moment for he . scarlet ( cont 'd ) I be so happy for you . and now I want to show you guy something . scarlet , unable to contain she excitement , lead Mike and Alex to the french door and flick a light switch ... 72 . scarlet ( cont 'd ) ta da ! thousands of tiny , white light illuminate scarlet 's oasis ... mike you hang the light ! scarlet I want you to be the first to see it . alex Mom , it 's sick . ext . mike' house / backyard - night the 3 step outside . Mike , truly blow away , take picture with he iphone . mike it 's amazing . I be speechless . I be sorry I never see how talented you be ... I mean when people see this and how talented you be you will be design sanctuary all over the city . scarlet ( beam ) thank you . alex Mom , why be you all dress up ? scarlet oh my God . I almost forget . I have a date . off Mike 's stunne reaction . CUT to : int . mike' house / foyer - night Mike march in behind scarlet . as they reach the door , he step in front of she . mike let 's see who the lucky guy be . 73. Mike swing the door open revealing ... dom Johnson . mike ( cont 'd ) I know it ! slam . Mike shut the door , block it . mike ( cont 'd ) I know you have a thing for he ! you can not do this ! you take vow . what kind of example be you set for the kid !? scarlet Mark , I be flatter . really , I be . but I be too old for you . scarlet move Mike aside , open the door . dom stand in the doorway hold a bouquet . dom wow . you look absolutely ravish . mike keep it in you pants , casanova . scarlet do not mind he . you all set ? dom let 's do it . scarlet head for the van . dom look to Mike - dom ( cont 'd ) hey , kid ... if the van 'a rockin ' ... well you know the rest . dom imitate humping , jog after scarlet . mike do not you lay a finger on she , Johnson ! I know where you live ! Mike slam the door . int . mike' house / kitchen - night a contemplative Alex scoops lasagna onto plate . a agitate Mike enter , pull up a seat at the counter . 74 . alex it 's weird to think about my mom with someone other than my dad . mike it 's adultery ! if this be Afghanistan she would be drag through the village by goat . you need to talk to she . alex my mom 's be pretty sad the past few month . she deserve to be happy . my dad obviously be ... wherever he be . mike maybe he 's not ? maybe he wish he could be here right now with you but there 's a real good reason he can not be . alex no , my dad 's not a family guy . this be dumb but I use to tell he I be on the basketball team because I know he would never make it to a game . mike then why would you tell he that ? alex I guess I be hope it would make he like I more . Mike be crushed . int . gucci store - day Mike pace in front of a dress room . a salesman wait by the door . mike my wife 's move on . my son do not think I like he and my daughter 's in love with I . I need to change back , Ed . Ed step from the change room wear very tight , ultra hip clothes that belong on a 20 year old ... he look ridiculous . 75 . ed what about college ? mike I be not go . I will be a pharm rep till I die . I just want my family back . ( beat ) you be not gonna wear that , be you ? Ed check he butt in a full length mirror , nod happily . ed baby 's get back . Ed retreat into the change room . ed ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) now that Julie 's agree to go out with I tonight , I need you to start behave . I can not have she think my son be a complete degenerate . mike Fine . I want to have some kid over tonight to celebrate Alex make the team . be that cool ? Ed , wear only he banana hammock underwear and sock , step from the room , hand the clothes to the salesman . ed wrap it up . no , it 's not cool . I remember hearing what that party be like , kid pee everywhere , food on the ceiling , puke in the pool . mike listen to you . you sound like a old man . other shopper eye Ed oddly as they pass . ed no party . I mean it . do not make I take the car away . mike do not treat I like a child , ed. 76 . ed I will not when you stop act like one . Mike grab Ed 's bare tit and twist . Ed scream , grab Mike 's tit and twist . both of they howl in pain . salesman sir! please ! Mike and Ed , both still titty twist , look up . everyone in the store stare . they each let go , force smile . ed this be not over ... son ! mike not even close ... dad ! Ed stomp into the dress room rub he sore boob . Mike pull out he iphone , begin texting . CUT to : int . fitch senior high school / hall - day the wonder bras stand by they locker when they phone beep ... text message ... mike' text Party at my house 2 nite . 7 . get the word out . the bras type away , simultaneously hit send . wide reveal ... hundred of student ... the beep of hundred of cell phone . ext . ed' house - night car line the street . a steady flow of kide stream towards the front door . music pound from within . it 's a rager . int . ed' house / kitchen - night mayhem . kid raid the refrigerator , throw food around . another kid spray the room with the removable sink head . Mike rush in , grab the sink head from the kid . 77 . mike give I that ! wonder bras ( o.s. ) hey , sexy . Mike turn without think spraying all 3 wonder bras in the face . the bras scream . Mike replace the nozzle . mike I be so sorry . have you see Alex ? the bras wipe themselves off , grab Mike 's hand . samantha dance with we ! the bras drag a reluctant Mike out of the kitchen and into - int . ed' house / live room - night party -goer dance everywhere and on top of everything . the bras surround Mike , each girl grind on he as if it be a competition . lauren take Mike by the face , turn he towards she - lauren nambib-bib - ib , that African country make I horny . Jamie spin Mike towards she , place he hand on she boob - jamie perfect , be not they ? samantha pull Mike roughly by the hair , twist he around - samantha which one of we be it gonna be ? Mike try to squeeze out . the bras block he . the music change ... a remix version of Hammer 's ` can not touch this ' blare . mike I think you girl want to dance ? Mike break into the 80' Hammer routine we see from the first scene . 78 . the bras back up . Party - goer stop what they be do and watch ... not sure whether to laugh or join in . and then , the bras fall in . follow by other . the party just get hotter . maggie run through the party and out the back . Stan chase after she . Mike inconspicuously Hammer walk he way out of the mix and outside . ext . ed' house / pool - night Stan corner maggie against the back wall . stan I be upset . I be sorry . but I need you to show I you love I . then we will move in together . maggie whatever . I be with someone else now . stan yeah , right . who would be stupid enough ? maggie him . Stan turn angrily toward Mike as he approach . mike Party 's over , Stan . you be out of here . stan who 's gonna make I leave ? you ? mike I would but it smell like you have be drink so I will let the cop do it . Mike pull out he phone . Stan look to maggie then back to Mike , laugh - stan you can have the nun . she do not put out anyway . 79 . mike on second think - Mike swing . Stan duck , throw a giant uppercut . pow . Mike 's eye roll back in he head and we cut to black . int . upscale restaurant / dine room - night the hostess show Ed and Julie to they table by the window . Ed wear he new gucci outfit . Julie 's under dress . hostess there you be , Mr. freedman . ed thanks . put this towards you study . Ed hand the hostess a 50 . Julie roll she eye . julie when you ask I to get together to talk about Mark this be not what I envision . this be not a date , Ed . ed be you insinuate that I would use my son 's misfortune just to go out with you ? what kind of a father do you think I be ? julie as long as we be on the same page . a waiter approach . waiter good evening . would you care to see the wine - ed bring we the 1962 petrus . the waiter nod , leave . ed ( cont 'd ) you be go to love this wine . $ 2000 dollar a bottle . 80 . julie I do not drink . so tell I what you think 's go on with Mark ? ed it 's baffling really but I notice he 's be drink a lot of diet ice tea lately . maybe he 's gay ? julie you do not ask I here to talk about Mark , do you ? ed do you like caviar ? because if you do you have to try the alma . 100 year - old beluga . $ 700 per ounce . Julie throw she napkin on the table . julie you be disgusting , ed. ed what ? you do not like beluga ? you can get something else . julie I be not some 22 year - old who you can impress with caviar and expensive wine . ed would the caviar and expensive wine impress you if you be on a yacht off monte Carlo ? julie I come here because I be concerned about the wellbeing of you son but you do not care about Mark . all you be concerned with be prove to I how wealthy you be . ed I do care about Mike ... Mark . whatever he name be . julie you know what 's too bad , Ed ? I be sure when you be the guy the boy pick on and the girl ignore you be really sweet . ( more ) 81 . julie ( cont 'd ) but you think become rich would solve all you problem . instead it make you just like they . I have to go . Julie rise . Ed take she wrist . ed wait . you be right . I be act like a idiot . I be sorry . please stay . Julie begrudgingly sit back down . julie Act normal or I be leave . int . ed' house / mike' bedroom - night close on Mike 's face , eye shut . a hand gently stroke he head . Mike stir awake , smile , eye still close - mike I have the craziest dream . I be 17 again and back in high school . it be horrible , scarlet - maggie ( o.s. ) scarlet !? Mike 's eye pop open . wider reveal Mike and maggie on the bed . Mike 's head rest on maggie 's lap . Mike jump off the bed , scramble to the other side of the room and behind a chair . maggie leap off the bed . maggie ( cont 'd ) you wanna play ? okay , let 's play . I be the hungry lioness and you be a baby gazelle . maggie roar , chase Mike around the room . mike wait ! this be highly inappropriate and dysfunctional . listen to I , maggie . I be you father . maggie growl , stalk Mike around the bed . maggie and I have be a bad , bad girl , daddy . 82. maggie dive across the bed . Mike dodge , run out the door . ext . ed' house / backyard - night Alex and Nicole sit closely by a fire pit , laugh . alex how about Mrs. Cruz ? every time she roll she r's she spit all over I . Alex imitate Mrs. Cruz . Nicole laugh , place she hand on Alex 's leg . Alex look down at she hand , then up at she , both stare at one another ... the moment . Nicole close she eye , move in . Alex move in then freak . he bound out of he chair , sprint inside leave Nicole hang . int . ed' house - night a distraught Alex push he way through the insanity . he find Mike run down the stair . alex Mike , I blow it ! I totally blow it ! mike blew what ? what happen ? alex she want I to kiss she but I panicked . I do not know if I should close my eye or which way to turn my head or how much tongue I be suppose to use - mike slow down . have you ever kiss a girl before ? alex not a real one . I use to practice on my dad 's playboys . mike how do you find ... forget it . it 's easy . all you have to do be take she face in you hand gently like this - 83. Mike place a hand gently on either side of Alex 's face . mike ( cont 'd ) - hold she still as you adjust you head , close you eye and kiss she . the rest happen naturally . a boy walk past , see Mike romantically hold Alex 's face . boy that be so wrong . Mike and Alex quickly separate . alex what if I , you know , pitch a tent ? mike if you feel it , you know , get angry , take a step back . now go get that kiss . Alex take a deep breath , step outside . ext . ed' house / backyard - night a determine Alex march over to the seat Nicole . alex Nicole . Nicole stand - nicole I be sorry , Alex . I do not mean to - before she can finish Alex 's hand be on she face and he lip on hers . it 's as if time stand still . int . ed' house - night Mike watch he son 's magical first kiss . and when Alex take a step back , Mike laugh . beep . beep . Mike pull out he phone . text message . samantha's text 911 . nstair . mastr b-room . Mike rush to the stair . a angry maggie storm down they . Mike duck . maggie pass . Mike race up . 84 . int . ed' house / hallway - night Mike sprint down the hall , throw open the door to find - int . ed' house / master bedroom - night samantha , Jamie and lauren in the bed , clothes on the floor . samantha we decide not to make you choose . jamie you can have all 3 of we . the chance of a lifetime . a legend make moment . mike ( look sadly at the bras ) Girls , if I be 20 year young I would ... probably only last 10 second anyway . put you clothes back on . Mike turn , exit . on the way out we actually hear sniffling . samantha be he cry ? int . upscale restaurnt - night Julie laugh hysterically . ed God 's honest truth . I have the whole costume . I use to go everywhere dress like a wizard . no wonder I do not get a date all through high school . annnnd you think I be the biggest nerd ever . julie no , no , really . I do not . ( catch she breath , suddenly serious ) hark ! who go there ? ed ( unsure ) tis i. the wizard they call marius . and who might you be fair maiden ? 85 . free to be herself , Julie let she hair down , shake it out . julie tis i! elf princess ariala of jamroar . ed julie no way ! yes way ! ed julie level 10 . mage. level 15 . bitch ! they stare at each other incredibly turn on . Ed scream - ed check please ! ext . ed' house / pool - night close on a heavy kid lean over the pool puking . wider ... Mike beside he while kid cheer the heavy kid on . mike I be so dead . Mike turn , find scarlet make she way through the crowd . mike ( cont 'd ) oh no ! Mike rush over to she . mike ( cont 'd ) scarlet , what be you do here ? scarlet I be look for Alex . it 's past he curfew and he be not pick up he phone . be he here ? mike yeah , he 's fine . he 's with he girlfriend . scarlet Alex have a girlfriend ? 86 . mike he do and she 's really cute . come on . Mike lead scarlet away from the pool . int . ferrari - night Ed and Julie drive through the upscale neighborhood . julie how do you get you hand on the 5th edition ? that 's not due out for another three year . ed I have two word for you . Russian mafia . julie drive faster . he step on the gas . he fishtail around a corner . Cars pack Ed 's street and driveway . boy and girl trample the front lawn . one boy urinate in a flower bed . julie ( cont 'd ) calm thyself , marius . ed that little -! I will kill he ! Ed double park the car , jump out . ext . ed' house - night Ed storm up the driveway . Julie hurry after he . a kid spy Julie , call out - kid it 's Ms. goodwin ! run! all the kid on the lawn scatter in different direction . int . ed' house / live room - night Ed and Julie enter the crowded , loud room . kid dance , stomp around on the furniture . a furious Ed scream - 87 . ed everybody out ! get out ! get out ! nobody flinch . Julie whistle loudly . the kid stop . julie this party be over ! if you do not want to spend the next 3 month in detention you will leave ... now ! the kid beeline for the door . Ed stop a girl . ed do you know where Mark freedman be ? girl I think I see he go outside . splat . a slice of pizza fall from the ceiling onto Ed 's head . the girl laugh , exit . int . ed' house / kitchen - night maggie enter , weed through the crowd , bump into the bras . maggie have you see Mark ? samantha we be look for he too . maggie scowl , head for the back door . the bras chase . ext . ed' house / backyard - night Mike and scarlet hide behind the pool house , peek around the corner , spy on Alex and Nicole by the fire pit . Alex be animated , confident ... scarlet he 's like a totally different person . scarlet and Mike step back by the pool , sit on a lounge . scarlet ( cont 'd ) it 's be so good for he to have you around . you have no idea . 88. mike believe I , I do . he 's a great kid . and you be a amazing mother . scarlet I be not so sure . I mean look at I . I show up at a party to drag my son home . could I be any more embarrassing ? and how many amazing mother run they kid ' father off ? mike hey , you do not run he off . do not blame yourself for he stupidity . scarlet I know he be unhappy . I know he hate he job . I should have be more supportive , more sympathetic to what he be go through . he give up a lot for I . mike that 's bull shit ! you , maggie and Alex be the best thing that ever happen to I ...him . he be just too selfish to recognize it . at least , that 's how I see it . scarlet smile thankfully at Mike . angle ... maggie and the bras roam the backyard search for Mike . jamie he 's over there . by the pool . samantha who 's the ho ? maggie Mom ? angle ... Alex and Nicole , hand in hand , stroll back towards the house when Alex freeze - alex whoa . what 's my mom do here ? angle ... scarlet place a hand over Mike 's . 89 . scarlet you be sweet . I have no idea why I be tell you all this . there 's just something so familiar ... scarlet look into Mike 's eye . Mike stare back . she 's vulnerable . he love she . it 's perfect . Mike lean in and kiss her ... passionately . ssssslap . Mike fall off the chair . scarlet leap up . scarlet ( cont 'd ) what do you think you be do !? Mike scramble to he foot . mike scar , just calm down . I have something to tell you but I need you to keep a open mind . can you do that for I ? scarlet this conversation be over , Mark . mike I be not Mark . scarlet I be not in the mood for game . mike it 's no game . I be I ...him ... Mike . it 's I ... you husband . scarlet wince as if deal a blow - scarlet what ? why would you say that ? mike it 's the truth . I be the father of you child . you have to believe I . scarlet do not ever come near I or my family again . if you do , I will have you arrest or better yet , institutionalized . scarlet march towards the house . Mike on she heel plead . 90 . mike let I explain , scar . as she pass Ed and Julie . scarlet you son need a shrink ! scarlet storm off . before Mike can protest - maggie pervert ! Mike turn . slap . maggie light he up , run for the house . slap , slap , slap . the bras add theirs on the way out . Alex and Nicole march past . Mike reach for Alex 's arm . Alex pull it away . mike Alex , wait . let I explain - alex how could you do this to I ? Alex whisk Nicole into the house . Mike lower he head . Ed stomp over , grab Mike . ed this place be a disaster ! a kid piss all over my English garden ! what be you think !? mike she hate I , Ed . I have ruin everything . Mike run for the house . Julie look quizzically to Ed . julie who hate he ? what 's go on ? Ed shift uncomfortably , take a deep breath . ed oh boy . I do not quite know how to put this . julie try be honest . 91 . ed he 's not really my son . I do not have a son . slap . Ed look like he 's about to cry . julie Mark 's obviously have a crisis and you ... you insensitive bastard , you disown he ? he would be better off with he mother in Thailand . Julie stride for the house . Ed yell after she - ed should I call you ?! ext . ed' house - morning all be normal . no sign of a party . int . ed' house / hallway - morning Ed knock and knock on Mike 's bedroom door . ed come on . it 's be 2 day . open up . we hear a drag sound then ... click . Ed turn the knob , open the door , enter . int . ed' house / mike' bedroom - morning Dark . Mike climb back into bed . Ed wave at the air . ed Jesus . it smell like Jeffrey dahmer 's kitchen in here . Ed pull up the blind , open the window . a dishevel , Mike groan , roll away from the light . Ed sit on the bed . ed ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? mike I really mess up . I have lose my family . 92 . ed that 's not true . nothing 's ever truly lose . mike what about you and Julie ? ed oh , that ? that 's lose . mike sorry about the party . I will pay for any damage . ed do not worry about it . my spa guy get the last of the vomit out of the pool so we be good . I do not mean to rub salt in you wound but - Ed hold up the manila envelope of divorce papers . ed ( cont 'd ) - you be due in court in a hour . a look of determination come over Mike 's face . ext . ed' house - day the BMW roar out of the garage , Ed drive , tear down the driveway , fishtail onto the street , lose control , rip across a neighbor 's lawn then back onto the road and off . int . los angele court house / courtroom - day crowd pews . scarlet stand before the judge , she right hand raise as she 's swear in . bailiff - the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God ? scarlet I do . scarlet sit beside she attorney . the judge eye she papers . 93. judge you have request a divorce by the State of California cite irreconcilable difference . be this correct ? scarlet yes , you honor . judge be Michael o' donnell or he representative present ? scarlet ( sadly ) no , you honor . judge then I take he absence as agreement to the order of the divorce . let 's proceed . you be not ask for alimony or child support ? julie no , you honor . ext . los angele court house - day Ed 's BMW skid to a stop in front of the building . Mike and Ed bound out , race up the court step - ed what exactly be we do ? mike I do not know . we just need to stop she from go through with it ! ed a well think out plan . good job . int . los angele court house / courtroom - day judge the mother will have full custody of the child . the father will have visitation rights of one weekend a month - 94 . boom . the door burst open . all turn to see Mike and Ed storm down the aisle . ed I declare a mistrial on the grounds of insufficient evidence and sacco and vanzetti ! scarlet can only shake she head . judge sacco and ... what be you .... who be you !? ed I be legal counsel for Mike o'donnell and I demand a stay of execution for this marriage , you majesty . scarlet he 's my husband 's best friend . judge be you a lawyer , best friend ? ed no but I have be a defendant in numerous lawsuit so - judge bailiff ! get this 2 out of my courtroom . the bailiff grab Mike and a yell Ed , drag they toward the exit . Mike wiggle free , run back to the front . mike you honor ! I have a letter from Mike o'donnell . just let I read it . please . judge I be sorry , but - scarlet if it 's okay , you honor . I would like to hear it . judge make it quick . Mike dig into he pocket , pull out a piece of paper . 95 . mike thank you , you honor . ( read ) September 7th , 1988 be the first time I see you . you be read ` the great gatsby ' and wear a gun N rose T-shirt . I would never see anything so perfect . I remember think I have to have you or I would die ... not in a psycho kinda way but in that beautiful , innocent , unaffected way that way only a 17 year - old kid can have . you whisper you love I at the homecome dance and I feel so peaceful and safe because I know no matter what happen from that night on nothing could ever be that bad because I have you . and then I grow up , lose my way and blame you for my failure . but I be never lose . I would just forget the way life make you forget as you grow older . and I never fail at anything because on that September day you say `ye ' to I . and at that dance you say you love I . and as I stand here ... as I write this , I want you to know if I do not have you I will die ... not in a psycho way but in that beautiful , innocent , unaffected way only a 17 year old kid can have .... oh and ...p.s... I be `hungry like the Wolf ' . Mike place the paper on the table , look over to scarlet . scarlet just stare at he , tear stream down she cheek ... sadness ... recognition ? judge alright , son , you have to go now . Mike nod , walk down the aisle and out the door . judge ( cont 'd ) let 's proceed . scarlet you honor , sir. I be sorry . I be in no shape ... I need to postpone ... I be sorry . 96 . a tearful scarlet start to leave , stop , pick up Mike 's `letter '... direction to the courthouse . she look back confuse . int . BMW convertible - day a solemn Mike stare out the window . Ed turn the radio off . ed maybe it be not a spell of enlightenment . Mike look to ed. mike what be you talk about ? ed accord to the website once you have learn you lesson you would turn back . that speech should have break the spell . mike enough with the magic crap , ed. ed you know what this mean ? you need to let they go . you need to let they get on with they life and you need to get on with yours . Mike choke back tear ... because he know Ed be right . int . ed' house / mike' bedroom - dusk Mike work on he laptop , plug he iphone into it ... download picture . Mike move to the bed , pack he falcon uniform into a duffel bag . a beep . Mike unplug the iphone , type a email to scarlet , " I think this will help you business . best of luck , Mark " Mike hit send , grab he bag and exit . ext . ed' house - dusk Mike step outside , throw he duffel into the aston . Ed exit the house . 97 . ed where you go ? mike I be move on . see you at the game . Mike climb into the car , pull out of the driveway . int . mike' house / kitchen - dusk scarlet sit at the kitchen table work on she laptop . the noise of a income email . she click over ... MARK freedman . scarlet read Mike 's email then click on the link . a web site pop up ...` scarlet 's sanctuary ' . scarlet smile . int . fitch senior high school / gym - night a empty gym . Mike stand foot beyond the 3 point line , grab ball from a hopper and rapidly shoot , shoot , shoot . swish ... swish ... swish . Automatic . coach harvey enter . coach harvey hey , freedman , save some for the game . Mike sink one last jumper , turn to the coach . mike just warming up , coach . coach harvey hand Mike a towel . coach harvey Son , I have not see anyone with you shoot ability in , well , in a long time . I call a couple college scout I know . they be come to the game tonight ... to watch you . if you have half the season I think you be capable of , you can play anywhere you want . mike that 's the plan , coach . the rest of the falcon basketball team jog out from the locker room follow by a photographer . 98 . coach harvey round up , jock strap ! picture time . the team assemble in the middle of the court . Alex move away from Mike . a player kneel in front hold a sign , `fitch falcons , 2008 . ' photogrpaher 3 , 2 , 1 - flash . and with the flash we cut to : int . fitch senior high school / gym - later a popular song rock the gymnasium . cheerleader dance on the sideline . student and parent cheer wildly from the pack stand . Julie gab with a group of teachers . on one end of the court , the falcon run a pass and shoot drill . on the opposite end , a team in blue shoot around . Mike see scarlet and maggie enter . he smile apologetically to they . both turn away , climb the bleacher , join Nicole and the wonder bras . maggie ( to scarlet ) I think he be hang out with Alex to get to I - not you . angle ... coach harvey clap loudly - coach harvey alright , lady , bring it in ! the falcon swarm the bench , take they seat . Mike take a deep breath , sit next to Alex . Alex look down . mike alex - alex I have nothing to say to you . mike I never mean to hurt you - alex then why would you kiss my mom !? 99 . mike Alex , I be you fa ... I do not know . I be sorry . Alex stand - alex you be lucky I do not punch you out . Alex move down the line , take another seat . Ed stride through the door spot Julie , make he way over to she . ed Julie , can I talk to you ? Julie excuse herself from the teacher . julie what be it , Ed ? ed I have see a good friend of mine lose everything that mean anything to he . and maybe we will never be there but ... I just really want to play D &amp ; D with you . Julie can not help but smile , size Ed up . julie you can raid my dungeon anytime . ed I will bring my long bow . a referee blow he whistle . coach harvey let 's go ! remember , boy , winner get the girl . loser please themselves ! Mike and the falcon jog onto the court . Mike take he place for the jump ball . the crowd stomp , cheer loudly . Mike look around the gymnasium ... it almost seem to slow up ... the sound deafen . he find Alex on the bench ... he hopeful face . Mike look into the stand ... maggie and scarlet . scarlet abruptly stand , climb back down the bleacher and exit the gym . 100 . the ref ready to toss the ball . Mike take a deep breath ... and walk off the court . referee Son ! come back here ! you be gonna get a delay of game ! coach harvey this can not be happen again . Mike step over to Alex - mike it 's you turn now . good luck . Mike rush off the court . as Mike disappear into the tunnel , we see the old janitor amongst the crowd . he smile . coach harvey turn to Alex - coach harvey get off you butt , o'donnell ! get in there ! Alex leap off the bench . int . fitch senior high school / tunnel - night mike scar ! the tunnel be empty . crestfallen , Mike lower he head ... angle on : scarlet as she appear at the far end of the tunnel . scarlet what take you so long ? angle on : Mike and he 's 36 year - old again , burst out of he uniform . mike the best choice I ever make be you . scarlet and Mike walk towards one another , pick up they pace the closer they get . scarlet how do this happ - 101 . Mike wrap he arm around she . mike do not ask . they lock lip . Mike take scarlet 's hand and as they walk out of the tunnel - mike ( cont 'd ) I think it 's best if we do not tell the kid about this . especially maggie . the end