1917 written by Sam mend & krysty Wilson-Cairn '' 2018 storywork production Limited . all rights reserve . ii ' life , to be sure , be nothing much to lose , but young man think it be , and we be young . 's -a.e . housman ' we have so much to say , and we shall never say it . 's - erich Maria remarque all quiet on the western Front iii note : the follow script take place in real time , and - with the exception of one moment - be write and design to be one single continuous shot . ext . meadow - day , april 6th 1917 a roll landscape . the rustling of leave , and birdsong . Thunder rumble in the distance . there be no rain . a figure lie against a tree , eye close - this be schofield , early - 20 . Soft feature . a man be sleep next to he on the grass - blake , 19 , youthful , strapping . sergeant sander ( 0.s. ) blake . blake do not stir . sergeant sander ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) blake ! blake wake . he 's in uniform , damp and crumpled - lance corporal chevron adorn it . blake ( sleepily ) sorry , sarge . sergeant sander pick a man , bring you kit . blake yes , sarge . blake stand , stiff limb come back to life . schofield 's eye be still shut . blake hold out he hand to schofield . schofield open he eye - they be gentle , wise . schofield grudgingly raise he hand for a lift . blake heave he to he foot - he uniform be identical to blake 's , same rank , the only difference be the brass wound stripe on schofield 's leave sleeve . they trudge towards Sanders , fasten they webbing . a smatter of soldier - same regiment - same state of fatigue and filth , lie around they . stealing sleep . sergeant sander ( 0.s. ) do not dawdle . blake no , sarge . ( continued ) continued : after a few pace the long grass begin to give way to well trodden earth . wash line appear on either side of they . blake and schofield move past they . after a while - blake ( cont 'd ) do they feed we ? schofield shake he head , he hand a envelope to blake . schofield no , just mail . blake 's eye light up at the sight of the envelope , he tear it open , read it as he walk . eye scan quickly , he face fill with warmth . blake ( read ) myrtle 's have puppy . blake finish the note and slip it into a pocket . blake ( cont 'd ) you get anything ? schofield no . schofield do not seem to mind . the mess tent be now alongside . fire be stoke , cooking be underway . more soldier mill about . blake I be bloody starve , be not you ? I think we might get some decent grub out here - only reason I decide against the priesthood . schofield let out a laugh . blake look on hungrily as they pass by the mess tent . schofield rummages in he pocket , find what he 's look for - a handkerchief with some food wrap in it . blake 's eye fall on it hungrily . blake ( cont 'd ) what you get there ? schofield Ham and bread . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) blake where do you find that ? schofield I have my use . schofield break the bread in half . as he do this , they move down a slope , and begin to descend down into the earth , into -- ext . comm trench —- day - continuous a narrow comm trench . schofield here - the bread be stale , practically cardboard . blake 's tooth struggle to get through it . blake ( mouth full of food ) tastes like old shoe . schofield cheer up . this time next week it 'il be chicken dinner . the trench drop deeper into the earth ... blake not I . leave get cancel . schofield they say why ? blake no idea . a beat . the world above have now disappear . schofield it 's easier not to go back at all . blake register this - look at he . the wider rear trench cross they path . chain of soldier move past they - shifting crate , ammunition , cooking , and medical supplies . ( continued ) continued : blake ( look at the soldier ) something 's up . expectation be grow in blake . but schofield look concerned . they cut a route through the bustle . blake ( cont 'd ) do you hear anything ? schofield no . blake have to be the push , right ? Men carry thing push past they . blake watch . blake ( cont 'd ) ten bob say we be go up . schofield I be not take that bet . blake why ? ' cos you know I be right ? schofield no . ' cos you have not get ten bob . blake laugh . they follow Sanders into - ext . second trench - continuous they turn into a wider second line trench . sergeant sander in you own time , gentleman ... up ahead , Sanders wait . blake and schofield put on speed , catch Sanders . blake be there news , sarge ? sergeant sander News of what ? ( continued ) continued : blake the big push . it be suppose to happen week ago . they tell we we have be home by Christmas . sergeant sander ( mild sarcasm ) yes , well , sorry to disrupt you crowded schedule , blake , but the brass hat do not fancy it in the snow . blake more 's the pity sarge , I could have do with some turkey . sergeant sander well , I ’1ll make sure to relay you displeasure to command . ahead and above they be a web of telegraph wire - stretch overhead and along the trench . three royal engineer be work on they , tagging and testing . they duck around they . schofield so what 's on the card then , sergeant ? sergeant sander the hun be up to something . schofield any idea what ? sergeant sander no - but it 's bound to ruin we weekend . Sanders turn a corner , and come to a stop . just beyond he be the dark , yawn mouth of a dugout . sergeant sander ( cont 'd ) now listen , erinmore be inside , so tidy yourselves up . they be suddenly alert . sergeant sander ( cont 'd ) you never know - might be mention in dispatch for this one , if you do not bugger it up . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Sanders give they a look , and disappear inside the dugout . schofield quickly button up he tunic , hide any sin there may be underneath . blake nervously tidy himself , lean in to schofield . blake must be something big if the General 's here . they enter . int . dugout - continuous lit by paraffin lamp , it take schofield a moment for he eye to adjust to the half - light . he and blake hand they rifle to the orderlies , salute , and stand at attention . there be a simmer sense of unease in this place . in the centre of the room , there be two table . on one table lie several map , on the other be a number of large aerial reconnaissance photograph . general erinmore ( 5as ) , lieutenant gordon ( 40s ) and a captain be gather around the far table , look down at the aerial , talk in hushed tone . other man watch from the shadow - two ncos and another orderly . sergeant sander lance corporal blake and schofield , sir. General erinmore turn around . look at blake and schofield . general erinmore which one of you be blake ? blake Sir . erinmore you have a brother , a Lieutenant in the 2nd devon ? blake yes , sir . Joseph blake . be he - ( continued ) continued : erinmore alive , as far as I know . and with you help I have like to keep it that way . blake stare at erinmore , he would do anything . erinmore ( cont 'd ) Sanders tell I you be good with Maps . that true ? blake good enough , Sir . erinmore so . erinmore turn the map to face blake . the british line be mark in blue , the german line in red . erinmore ( cont 'd ) we be here . the 2nd devon be advance here . he point out a cross on the map at croisille Wood . erinmore ( cont 'd ) how long will it take you to get there ? blake hesitantly study it . croisille Wood sit in the centre of a huge area of land , which be score as occupy territory . blake I do not understand , Sir . schofield Sir , that land be hold by the Germans . erinmore Germans have go . shock play on they face . erinmore ( cont 'd ) do not get you hope up . it appear to be a strategic withdrawal . they seem to have create a new line , nine mile back here , by the look of it . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) erinmore run he finger along the mass red line of the german trenches and fortification , newly draw on the map . the new german line - what come to be know as the hindenburg line - be huge , and cut its way across the paper , almost intersect with croisille Wood . erinmore ( cont 'd ) Colonel mackenzie be in command of the 2nd . he send word yesterday morning that he be go after the retreate Germans . he be convinced he have they on the run - that if he can break they line now , he will turn the tide . he be wrong . schofield watch blake as he begin to register what this might mean . erinmore ( cont 'd ) Colonel mackenzie have not see this aerial of the enemy 's new line . erinmore turn to the other table . erinmore ( cont 'd ) come round here , gentlemen . blake and schofield move to the next table . they look down at the large aerial photograph . erinmore ( cont 'd ) Three mile deep . field fortification , defence and artillery the like of which we have never see before . beat . erinmore ( cont 'd ) the 2nd be due to attack the line shortly after dawn tomorrow . they have no idea what they be in for . and we can not warn they - as a parting gift , the enemy cut all we telephone line . blake and schofield be silent while they take this in . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) erinmore ( cont 'd ) you order be to get to the 2nd at croisille Wood , one mile south east of the town of ecoust . erinmore hand over a envelope to blake . we see the distinctive red stamp of Army Command . erinmore ( cont 'd ) deliver this to Colonel mackenzie . it be a direct order to call off tomorrow morning 's attack . erinmore speak slowly , desperate to impress upon blake and schofield the gravity of this situation . nothing can be misunderstand . erinmore ( cont 'd ) if you do not , it will be a massacre . we would lose two battalion . sixteen hundred man , you brother among they . schofield hide he shock . but blake look at erinmore , determination etched in he face : understand . erinmore ( cont 'd ) do you think you can get there in time ? blake yes , sir. erinmore any question ? blake no , sir. schofield eye flick to blake : no question ? blake purposely do not catch schofield 's eye . erinmore good . over to you , Lieutenant . the man salute erinmore . Lieutenant Gordon , stand to one side . lieutenant gordon supplies , gentlemen . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 4 ) Lt. Gordon nod they over to a table . various item be laid out on it . lieutenant gordon ( cont 'd ) map , torch , grenade , and a couple of little treat . they look . a fold map , two electric torch , two grenade and two small pack of huntley and palmer biscuit lie on the table . they take they and start hastily put they into they webbing . while they do : lieutenant gordon ( cont 'd ) leave immediately , take this trench west , up on sauchiehall Street , then north west on paradise alley at the front . continue along the front line until you find the york . Gordon slide a note into blake 's top pocket . lieutenant gordon ( cont 'd ) give this note to Major stevenson . he 's hold the line at the shortest span of no man 's land . you will cross there . both man turn at the mention of no man 's land . schofield it will be daylight , Sir . they 's 1l see we . erinmore ( 0.c . ) no need to be concerned . you should meet no resistance . a orderly hand they back they rifle . blake move towards the doorway . schofield turn to erinmore . schofield Sir , be it just we ? erinmore look up . erinmore '' down to gehenna or up to the throne ( more ) ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 5 ) erinmore ( cont 'd ) he travel the fastest who travel alone . " would not you say , Lieutenant ? lieutenant gordon yes , sir. I would . the General look at they levelly . erinmore good luck . blake and schofield turn and head through the door - ext . second line trench - continuous schofield 's eye wince in the daylight . a small curve branch lead from the rear of the dugout back to the second line . schofield blake - let 's talk about this for a minute . blake why ? blake be already off , move fast . schofield move after he , try to fill and fasten he webbing as he go . schofield blake ! blake begin to move faster , set a punish pace . boot clatter over the wooden board . schofield ( cont 'd ) we just need to think about it - blake - there 's nothing to think about . it 's my big brother . schofield run to catch up , he fall in behind blake , breathe heavy . schofield we should at least wait till it 's dark - ( continued ) continued : the second cottage . collect th schofield 12 . blake erinmore say to leave immediately . schofield erinmore 's never see no man 's land . we will not make it ten yard . if we just wait - blake you hear he . he say the boche have go . schofield be that why he give we grenade ? line run through a small row of derelict railway brazier have be light , man mill around queue to eir ration . and blake push themselves to the edge of the trench to get around the crush . blake be through and clear , but schofield bump into a sergeant . blake keep ; sergeant watch where you be go ! schofield sorry . 's pace , schofield jog to catch he . schofield ( cont 'd ) all I be say be that we wait . blake yes , you would say that , because it 's not you brother , be it ? schofield move alongside blake again , grab he arm . schofield look , the last time I be tell the Germans be go , it do not end well . blake shake he off , and push he way forward , squeezing in and out of the line of traffic - his shoulder and pack batter against men as he pass they . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) schofield ( cont 'd ) you do not know , blake , you be not there . ahead a group of man be bunched up collect mail and parcel from the post bag . gumming up the trench . blake Excuse I ... Excuse I ! blake and schofield squeeze past they . another junction . a paint sign : '' sauchiehall STREET '' point to a smaller branching comm line . blake turn up it . schofield follow - ext . sauchiehall line ( comm '' down '' trench ) - continuous much narrower . blake push onwards , go against the direction of the traffic . schofield follow after he , single file , increasingly frustrated . Soldiers buffet against they . a sergeant snarl at they . sergeant miller you be go up a down trench you bloody idiot . blake order of the General , Sir . schofield follow , catch the ire from the man blake have just pass . he check he watch . schofield alright , say the boche have go . nine mile will take we , what , six hour ? eight at the very most . so we have get time to wait until the sun set . otherwise we will be wide open - blake - it 's enemy territory , we have get no idea what we be walk into - schofield - blake , if we be not clever about this , no one will get to you brother . ( continued ) 14 . continued : blake I will . blake 's tone indicate that this be the end of the conversation . they be approach a junction . they slow down . a flicker of fear on both of they face . schofield we be here . this be the front line . ext . paradise ( front line ) trench —- continuous the Front line . a sign hang on the junction wall : paradise alley . just visible above the trench wall to the front be a endless line of wire . blake now we need to find the york . there be a eeriness here , a sudden smother silence . blake look around . try to work out which way be North West . blake head in that direction , move fast again . schofield follow alongside he . the trench stretch away from they , in a long line . duckboard slick with mud mark out a path . there be many man here , and many pair of eye watch from the shadow of dugout . crudely paint sign be strung up along the wall , dire warning . we catch glimpsis as blake and schofield pass : keep you head down in daylight ! enemy sniper at play ! they walk single file down the Front line . two stretcher bearer be head towards they , a man carry between they . schofield drop back , look down . the man be unconscious , he face bandage - two red bloodstain in place of eye . fear be root itself in schofield . he fight it . ( continued ) 15 . continued : schofield look up , he 's briefly lose sight of blake round the next bend . he move to catch up . he hear voice . private stoke ( 0.s. ) here , watch who you be shove . blake ( 0.s. ) get out of the way then . schofield 's put on speed , quickly push aside the soldier in front of he . he make he way to blake , three soldier have surround he . one , private stoke - a large red-haire bruiser , with tattoo on he forearm - be grip blake 's tunic . blake have he by the collar . both be angry . blake be on the verge of tear . blake ( cont 'd ) let go . private stoke fuck you think you be , push wounded man around ? schofield be quickly into the fray , put himself in between blake and the private . blake let go of I ! schofield stop . private stoke arsehole knock we sergeant down , the man 's fuck wounded - beside they a nco with a sling on , be be help out of the mud . blake alright . I be sorry , alright , I be sorry . blake struggle to get free , tear of frustration well in he eye . schofield see this , realise blake be on the verge of lose control . the private 's hand ball into a fist , he anger simmer . schofield get between they . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) schofield we be on commission . order from the General . blake let I through . Stokes stop . schofield ( levelly ) get out of the way . private stoke right . just watch where you be go . the other man move aside to give they a passage through . they keep move . schofield be a step behind blake , he steal glance at he , concerned . the two man walk on , the silence heavier . after a while - schofield it 's bloody quiet ... a beat . blake look at schofield . blake be it like this before thiepval ? the name do something to schofield . fear cling to he . he push it away . schofield I do not remember . blake you do not remember the somme ? schofield not really . blake well , you do alright out of it . at least wear you ribbon . beat . schofield do not have it anymore . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) they push on round the next bend . blake what ? you lose you medal ? before he can answer , the trench suddenly expands - the back wall have be blow out into a large crater . debris and sandbag be strewn around . a small team of digger work on it with pick and shovel , break up the earth , pull out body part from the mud , put they in empty sandbag . schofield stay low . schofield climb over the rubble and sandbag , crush he body to keep he head below the front parapet . blake follow . one of the digger turn to schofield , he voice a harsh whisper . nco harvey God 's sake . careful there , you be step on the dead . schofield look at the sandbag , 15 inch by 25 . Red be rusting through it . nco harvey ( cont 'd ) that 's we sergeant - schofield quickly move off the bag . nco harvey ( cont 'd ) be better wash they out of this dugout with a bloody hose . blake do you know where the york be ? nco harvey the next bend you 'il be stand on top of half of they . shot to hell two night ago . blake and schofield continue . they slip round a bend and into a small bay . they stop by two man - one be burn the lice from he clothes with a lighter another , buchanan , sit against the back wall , a small dog on he lap . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 4 ) schofield york ? Buchanan nod . private buchanan yes , Corp . blake where 's Major stevenson ? private buchanan kill a couple of night ago , corporal . Lieutenant Leslie have command . blake where can we find he ? Buchanan nod down the line . private buchanan next dug-out . they round the bend and spot the dugout . it have be badly shell , but patch and re-built . a fire be light in a brazier just outside the door . Inside , a provision bag and a few other wooden item hang from a rafter , out of reach of the rat . schofield here . lt . leslie be asleep on a small camp bed , he arm over he eye . a couple of orderlies sit or lie nearby . they approach the sleep Leslie . blake Sir ? he do not stir . blake speak louder . blake ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant Leslie , Sir ? Leslie stir a little , he do not move he arm from he eye . lieutenant leslie what be it ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 5 ) blake we have a message from General erinmore . Leslie look up , he face shine with sweat , he voice be croaky , full of flu , a little delirious . lieutenant leslie be you we relief ? schofield shake he head . schofield no , sir. lieutenant leslie then when the fuck hell be they due ? blake we do not know , Sir . but we have get order to cross here . blake offer the letter . Leslie sit up . look at they queerly . lieutenant leslie that be the german front line . blake we know , Sir . if you will just take the letter - blake hand over erinmore 's letter . Leslie sigh , tear it open and read quickly . lieutenant leslie ( as he read ) settle a bet , what day be it ? schofield Friday . lieutenant leslie Friday . well , well , well . none of we be right . this idiot think it be Tuesday . ( off the letter ) be they out of they fuck mind ? ( more ) ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 6 ) lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) one slow night , and the brass think the hun have just go home . schofield ( look at blake ) do you think they be wrong , Sir ? lieutenant leslie we lose a officer and three man two night ago . they be shot to bit patching up wire . we drag two of they back here . need not have bother . blake be determine to press on . blake Sir , the General be sure the enemy have withdraw . there be aerial of the new line - Leslie get to he foot . lieutenant leslie shut up . we have fight and die over every inch of this fuck place , now they suddenly give we mile ? schofield turn and stare at blake . blake will not meet he eye . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) it 's a trap . Leslie lean in to schofield . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) but , chin up . there 's a medal in it for sure . nothing like a scrap of ribbon to cheer up a widow . schofield stare at he like he would lift he out of he boot with one punch . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) alright . Leslie walk out of the dugout . as he walk - ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 7 ) blake where 's the nearest way through , Sir ? lieutenant leslie we wire 's a mess . but there be a path through . of sort . he lead they a few pace to a small dead - end lookout trench , half earth , half corrugate steel . at the end of it isa rudimentary periscope . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) ( to the soldier ) rushworth ! let he look . the soldier man it step away to allow they to look . blake press he eye to the lens . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) straight ahead , to the leave , past the dead horse - blake squint , move the periscope . while blake do this , Leslie light a cigarette , he hand shaking . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) there 's a gap directly behind they . useful , because if it 's dark you follow the stench . when you get to the second wire , look out for the bow chap . there 's small break just beside he . as blake scan the terrain with the periscope , schofield methodically prepare himself . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) the german line be a hundred and fifty odd yard after that . watch out for the crater . they be deeper than they look . you fall in , there 's no get out . Leslie indicate for they to follow . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) this way . Leslie kick at a sleep private kilgour as he walk . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 8 ) lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) wake up , kilgour . ( to himself ) bloody waste of space . schofield any cover , Sir ? anywhere to jump off from ? Leslie lead they to a wide ladder lean against the trench wall . lieutenant leslie no . the sap trench be blow to hell week ago . it 's full of body anyway . you best bet be to pop over here . blake and schofield stop by the ladder , ready themselves , check and load they rifle , fix they bayonet lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) if you do get shot , try to make it back to the wire . we will not come after you , not until it 's dark . and , if by some fuck miracle you do make it , send up a flare . schofield do not have any , Sir . Leslie gesture impatiently to a nearby private kilgour . lieutenant leslie well get he one , kilgour ! make yourself useful . private kilgour yes , Sir . kilgour go to fetch the flare gun , Leslie amuse himself : lieutenant leslie ( sprinkle whisky on the man ) '' through this holy unction may the Lord pardon thee whatever sin or fault thou hast commit '' Leslie laugh mirthlessly . schofield and blake try to stay focus . kilgour hand Leslie a flare pistol and two cartridge . ( continued ) 23. continued : ( 9 ) lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) I do hate lose this to the hun . so when they start shoot at you , could you be so kind as to throw it back , there 's a good chap . blake tuck the flare and cartridge into he pack . lieutenant leslie ( cont 'd ) cheerio . Leslie step back . a crowd of men have now gather behind he to watch blake and schofield , they face a combination of shock and fascination . blake and schofield climb onto the fire step . schofield look at blake , speak quietly to he . schofield you sure ? blake be not . but he nod . blake yes . blake go to climb over . schofield stop he . schofield Age before beauty . schofield take a deep breath , and go first . he put one hand over the parapet . then the other . slowly he advance up , he head inching over the protection of the trench . his hand be shaking , he drive it into the mud , grasp for purchase . everyone be still , breathless , listen for the enemy to fire . schofield drag he body up and over into - ext . no man' land - continuous vast , almost unbearably open after the close quarter of the trench . a light mist hang low over the land . ( continued ) 24 . continued : the ground be treacle-like . schofield 's hand and knee sink into it as he pull himself forward , he eye be train through the british wire towards the german line . the whole world be lunar and empty . Earth pound to atom , all mound and hole . nothing move . nothing life . the only sound be blake 's breathe as he heave himself out of the trench beside schofield . both man be still for a beat . hunched down low on they knee , two nocturnal animal catch in the daylight . british wire run in loop ahead of they , tangle and haphazardly strung . a mess to navigate through . they get to they foot and move forward over the slick earth , towards the putrid remain of the horse . breathe through they mouth , try to deal with the stench . a layer of black fur cover the animal , as schofield and blake close in on they they see the fur be actually fly , hundred of they . schofield move past the remain and through the first break in the wire . the path be pock with crater and puddle , shrapnel litter everything . blake follow schofield through the channel - ahead , on the second wire , be '' the bow chap '' - a german soldier , dead , bent double over the wire , one arm outstretch in a courtly manner , as if bow . schofield do not linger on the dead german , do not look at he face . he focus on the task at hand . to the side of the man be a small gap in the razor wire , easy to miss without the landmark . schofield struggle to further pull apart the dense tangle of wire . he indicate for blake to pass through . as he do so , schofield slip in the mud . his hand instinctively close around the wire . it slice into he palm , hook into he flesh . Bright red seep along he hand , he wrench it back , tear the skin to free himself . a heavy breath hiss out of he . he ball he hand into a fist to stem the bleed . blake ( 0.c . ) you alright ? ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) blake look at he with concern . schofield nod that he 's fine . schofield look for cover . everything after here be unnatural land . crater be gouge out of the earth . there be a rise and fall to this stretch , but no flow or reason to it . about a hundred yard from they , in the distance , be a artificial horizon , something grey , mesh -like , stretch the entire length of the land - the german Wire . occasional dead tree dot the land beyond . blake go into the close crater . he look to schofield , some silent communication . schofield 's eye pull out a path where there be not one . schofield ( cont 'd ) sap trench . schofield go first , crouching low , move faster now , pick he way towards a hole in the earth . and then jump directly into the old sap trench . blown out and neglect , it be now little more than a ditch , but it offer a stretch of cover . schofield check he wounded hand . it pulse blood . he feel as if he be be watch . he look around . next to he be the body of a german soldier ; face down in the mud , rat be on the corpse , feast . blake jump into the sap just next to schofield . he land right next to a dead man , look straight at they . he be sit up , he lip and eye have be chew off by rat . White tooth grin in a pale face . blake reflexively scramble back in horror , knock into schofield . schofield slip , reach out to steady himself , and grab at the first thing he find - the body of the german . schofield 's wounded hand land on the man 's back and sink - right through . schofield 's cut hand go into the putrid flesh . beside he , blake be freeze . panick . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 3 ) schofield gesture to he - ' stay calm 's . blake try to steady himself . they move further along the side of the sap trench . schofield peer out . about eighty yard now to the german wire . they gather themselves . schofield take the lead . he pull himself out of the sap , blake follow . they move , crouch low . watch . wait for gun to open on they . silence . the land be flatter here . there be a eerie feel of emptiness and silence . schofield and blake keep move forward , try to stay focus . crouch to keep low . the mud be like oil , but some thing be solid underfoot . outline of gun , shrapnel , unexplode shell , body . suddenly a loud sound approach . two plane . blake and schofield both move quickly to the nearest shell - hole . they throw themselves in and freeze . keeping the brim of they helmet low , hide they face from the plane above . blend in to the landscape around they . schofield ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) stay still . the engine grow louder . the plane fly close overhead , and then begin to recede into the distance . both man now turn they head to look at they . schofield ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) they be ours . blake nod . schofield ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) keep go . we be half way . they move back out into the open expanse . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 4 ) large shell hole appear on either side of they . they pick they way through they , balance carefully along the ridge . they climb to the top of a small hillock and suddenly on the other - side - vertigo . the ground fall away steeply in a mine crater , storey deep . they look down into it . blake there 's a gap in the wire . we can see the base of the crater : the nearest line of german wire have be split by the blast , and hang limply down the side wall of the crater , the other half of it disappear into a huge pool of water at its base . they meet each other 's gaze . a obvious way through the wire . it 's clear they need to go down into the crater . they slide carefully down the steep bank . at the base of the crater the water be fathomless - the colour of mucus , and the same consistency . a dead german float in it , bloat . blake follow in schofield 's exact footstep , walk around the edge of the pool . blake look into the pool . thing float in it . body . the page of a letter , a cigarette tin , a water canteen . ahead of they , halfway up the far bank another line of german wire - the main one - be suspend across the crater . there be a gap beneath the wire . they climb up the far bank towards the gap . blake be struggle . blake ( cont 'd ) sco ... schofield help he up the slope . the main german wire be a huge thicket of razor wire , denser than a hedgerow . use they hand , they dig into the muddy side of the crater , and pull themselves upwards , through the german wire . schofield look - close to he , catch on the wire , a small clump of human hair blow in the breeze . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 5 ) hand and bayonet digging deep into the muddy bank , they haul themselves out of the crater . ahead of they be the german Front line . blake ( cont 'd ) there ! that 's the front line . they lift they rifle and aim they towards the german line . blake move first . he quickly approach the german trench . schofield be next to he . both man suck in a breath and stand tall , lean over the german sandbag . they rifle sweep in unison down the length of the trench . empty . schofield turn to blake . blake ( cont 'd ) fuck I . they really have go . they look around in awe - this trench be massive , fortify ... and seemingly abandon . intermittent shell hole have levell large section . blake and schofield drop down into the trench . ext . german front line trench - continuous this trench be better craft than the british trench . deeper and well reinforce , and eerily empty . they be alone . to one side the trench be smashed in . a mountain of earth and debris . blocked . schofield crouch , attend to he bleed hand . blood ooze out of it . blake you hand alright ? schofield put it through a effing german . schofield have take out he canteen , he pour water on he slice up palm . blake keep watch . blake patch it up . you will be wank again in no time . ( continued ) 29 . continued : schofield wrong hand . blake laugh . blake move off , rifle ready . schofield follow , wrapping a bandage round he hand as they move . he tighten the dress with he tooth . Red seep through the white gauze . ahead of they be a brazier , full of spend white coal dust . blake kick it over , the white dust crumble , red ember glow - wisp of smoke . still smoulder . schofield turn to blake , he eye be on the ember too . schofield ( cont 'd ) they be not long go . blake hand tighten on he rifle , he push off , head east down - ext . german comm trench - continuous blake lead they into the deep , narrow trench . creep forward quickly , eye darting ahead , look for any enemy . the comm trench open out into - ext . german second line trench - continuous blake hover by the mouth of the comm trench , peek out . another dead end . blake no good . schofield be at he back . they eye scan the empty second line trench . they push on in silence . they footstep click and echo over the duckboard . they move , bayonet point forward . the trench take a sharp turn . schofield and blake inch round , rifle up , check . ahead of they the trench be destroy . a direct hit . Earth , sandbag , and huge splinter of timber jut out of the pile of dirt . ( continued ) 30 . continued : schofield blocked . it be impassable . next to they be the mouth of a dugout . a doorway . blake peer into the darkness . timber stair descend two storey down into the earth . blake this might be a way through . they click on they torch and move down the stair . Whole tree trunk have be use to reinforce the wall . they share a look . the sophistication of the Germans amaze they . at the foot of the step , blake turn the corner . blake ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... schofield follow he quickly , the timber creak under he as he round into the mouth of - int . german dugout - continuous he turn the corner and see blake , torch in hand . blake look at this . it 's massive . the dugout be huge - a entire barrack carve out of the chalky earth . it 's ghostly in the torch light . timber strut run along wall and ceiling . row of bunk bed run along the length of the huge room , stack up to the ceiling . blake ( cont 'd ) they build all this . blake and schofield move through it , they torchlight slice through the darkness . it be palatial compare with what we have see on the british line . schofield 's eye land on something - a photograph , someone 's wife and child , pin to a bed frame . schofield stare at it for a beat . ( continued ) 31 . continued : blake nose through some of the detritus leave behind by the Germans , then move through into : the Officer 's quarter : Iron bed frame , a arm chair , a desk . in one corner be the remain of a cooking area , some box of supplies lie abandon . next to one of the bed a tunnel stretch away from he into the darkness . schofield here 's we way through . blake ( 0.c . ) sco - how about this ? schofield turn to see blake sit on one of the officer 's bed , bounce gently . the spring squeak loudly in the silence , he grin . then movement catch he eye . a massive rat gnaw on a canvass sack suspend form the roof beam . blake ( cont 'd ) bloody hell ... even they rat be bigger than ours . by the light of they torch , they can see a large , bloat rat move quickly along one of the roof beam . they torch follow the rat , as it scamper along the beam . the light catch more canvas sack , all suspend from a the ceiling . grease be pool at the base of they , turn they translucent - bag of food , or at least a approximation of it . other fray and empty canvas sack lie around . blake ( cont 'd ) what do you think 's in the bag ? schofield you can not be that hungry . blake think for a beat . the rat make a leap for one , drop from the rafter to the canvas . the bag swing violently under the rat 's weight , a pendulum in the middle of the room . blake look at he . cocky little bastard . something have catch schofield 's eye . a crate full of food tin have be leave in the corner . schofield walk over and grab one . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) schofield you could eat this , though . he turn to read the write in blake 's torch light : '' fleischkonserve '' blake what be it ? schofield toss a tin across the room to he . blake catch it , read the label . schofield boche dog meat . blake what 's in the other box ? schofield go for the other crate ... and freeze . blake ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? schofield trip wire . blake stand stock still . schofield ( cont 'd ) do not move . the two man be freeze . blake where be it ? schofield go from here to the door . blake 's breath quicken as he scan the room , try to pick out the wire in the torchlight ... the door be about ten foot away . suddenly - bam ! both man jump - the rat and the canvas bag be on the floor . blake Jesus ! ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) the rat be drag the canvas bag towards the door to the next room , desperate to keep its treasure from the two man . blake ( cont 'd ) no ...no ! —- blake 's eye go wide , he start forward for the rat - the rat let go of the bag and flee - into the wire . a flash of blind light then almost simultaneously - boom ! impossibly loud . the blast be reflect back in off the solid wall , a section of roof drop . dirt and chalk dust blast outward . blake be flung backwards against the wall with a thud . White chalk dust swirl in the room , bright in the torchlight . blake 's torch land on the floor , beam point upwards at the ceiling . for a second there be silence . blake begin to pant . the wind be knock out of he . he catch he breath . he feel he head , reach for he torch . his eye scan the room . his torchlight slice through the dust and smoke . the world have be turn over . some part be bury . and where schofield be stand - a pile of rubble . panic streak across he face . then there be a sound . muffled , from deep in the white dirt . scream . schofield be bury . blake be on he foot , staggering towards the mound of chalk and dust . move over it , ear to the dirt , listen . schofield 's scream slip through it . blake frantically begin to dig . blake ( cont 'd ) sco ?! ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 4 ) ripping earth away from one spot , then listen to schofield 's muffle scream and move to another . desperation on he face . blake ( cont 'd ) sco ! the scream be get weaker . disappear beneath the sound of the timber creak and groan . blake swim through the earth , sweeping it away - schofield 's scream stop . blake thrashes in the chalk - at last unearth - lip . schofield 's mouth , wide open , fill with pale grey dirt . still . blake ( cont 'd ) sco ! sco ! blake tear the chalk away from he mouth and nose and suddenly schofield heave into life , retch , cough up dirt , saw in breath . blake uncover schofield 's face , he eye be pack with dirt and chalk . blake keep digging , frees schofield 's arm , chest . schofield thrashes in the debris , try to free himself . he can not . it 's too tightly pack . blake ( cont 'd ) sco ! wake up ! wake up ! sco ! blake grab at schofield 's arm and with all he might wrench he out of the dirt . blake ( cont 'd ) sco ... stand up ! stand up ! up! up ! schofield be in shock - numb . cake in the pale white earth . his heave and retch fill the tiny space . his body shaking and contort with shock . blake ( cont 'd ) stand up ! the timber be groan all around they now . blake look up at it . blake ( cont 'd ) the whole thing 's come down . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 5 ) as blake look , the chalk dust swirl in the air , draw towards the tunnel entrance , suck out by the backdraft . they way out . blake stand , half - drag schofield to he foot . schofield can hardly see out of he dust - fill eye . blake pull he over to the tunnel entrance . blake ( cont 'd ) you keep hold of I ! int . german tunnel - continuous carve through the chalk bedrock . Seven foot high and reinforce with timber , some of which have already split in the blast . the tunnel slope gently down , deeper into the earth . White wall reflect blake 's torch . the earth around they groan , silt and dust piss from the ceiling . schofield cough and convulse , grasp on to blake , tow along in he wake . the tunnel split , one fork have be destroy , blake pull they forward the only way they can go . blake we need to keep move . come on ! schofield I can not see - I can not see ! blake stop suddenly . blake stop ! stop ! he have kick a bucket that sit on the lip of a mineshaft . the bucket drop into the hole , pulley spin ferociously . blake ( cont 'd ) stop . it 's a mineshaft . blake look for a way round it . it have be blow by the Germans . blake ( cont 'd ) we will have to jump . come on ! blake jump across it . schofield be freeze . ( continued ) 36 . continued : blake ( cont 'd ) you be go to have to jump ! just jump . schofield I can not - I can not see ! blake wheel around and shine he light on schofield . schofield 's eye stream with tear and debris , he 's paralyze , blind . between they be nothing but a gape hole in the floor , fathomless blackness . the wall around they groan under the strain . the place be come down . blake you need to trust I . jump ! schofield tear in a breath then leap forward towards blake . schofield take off , jump across the hole and land hard . his back foot slip down the side of the mineshaft , but blake grab he , and heave he up . blake push forward , schofield cling to he . blake ( cont 'd ) do not let go of I ! do not let go ! the sound of earth collapse suddenly fill the tunnel . the dugout behind they have collapse in . ahead there be a fork in the tunnel . blake spot something to he right - a blue haze . daylight . he pull schofield towards it . blake ( cont 'd ) Light ! there 's light ! they scramble forward . Light begin to flood the passage way . they reach the end of the tunnel and stumble out into the light . 37 . ext . rear german trench - continuous blake scramble down a small incline , scan for enemy . they be in a large sink ditch . schofield stand , bent double , at the mouth of the tunnel , try to catch he breath . both of they be cover with chalk dust . they look like pale ghost . schofield stop ... stop. just ... just let I stand . blake dirty bastard . schofield gather himself and drop down beside blake . blake push on , climb up a small rise , rifle ready . schofield go after he , shakily . blake ( cont 'd ) careful , they may have leave other trap . blake crest the small berm and look . curving away from he - a quarry . a huge desolate amphitheatre . the quarry be several storey high . hole and entrance be carve all over it , like rabbit warren . scatter around be the detritus of war . several huge german gun and some small artillery lie damage and abandon . small mountain of brass - thousand of spend shell casing . blake ( cont 'd ) Jesus . blake sweep he rifle around , search for any threat . this place be abandon . schofield make it to the top of the berm , and drop down to the ground , try to clean out he eye . schofield Dust ... so much dust in my eye . he empty the remain water from he canteen onto he face . ( continued ) 38 . continued : blake approach schofield , hand he he canteen . schofield wash the chalk off of he face . blake here . have some of mine . blake crouch beside he . he watch he , concerned . blake ( cont 'd ) I wish I have shot that rat now . schofield turn on he , sharp . schofield and I wish you would pick some other bloody idiot . blake what ? schofield why in God 's name do you have to choose I ? schofield check he pocket - take out small tobacco tin . check inside it . his hand be shaking badly . blake I do not know what I be pick you for . schofield no , you do not . you never know . that 's you problem . blake be stung . blake alright then , go back . nothing 's stop you . you can go all the way bloody home if you want . at the mention of home schofield turn on he sharply . schofield do not . a beat . schofield put the tobacco tin back in he pocket . ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) blake ( calmer now ) look , I do not know what I be pick you for . I think they be go to send we back up the line , or for food , or something . I think it be go to be something easy , alright ? I never think it would be this . a beat . blake ( cont 'd ) so do you want to go back ? schofield look at he , soften . schofield just fire the fuck flare . he load and lift the flare , and look back towards the british line . blake ( under he breath ) up yours , Lieutenant ... he fire it straight up . the light streak through the sky . he watch it drop . blake toss the flare gun , lower he hand to schofield and help he up . schofield stand unsteadily . blake study he compass , get he bear . schofield do you know where we be ? blake ecoust be directly south east . if we keep that bear , we should make it . he look in the direction blake be face - the land roll gently down , a trample road lead out of the quarry , a shattered copse of tree jut out of the earth . charre and black . schofield nod . blake stow the compass . raise he rifle . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 3 ) blake ( cont 'd ) come on then . they begin to walk . blanket , ammunition , gun , bayonet , shell . all have be abandon in this place . they pass the remain of artillery - the gun barrel have be blow out . blake ( cont 'd ) look at that . they destroy they own gun ... schofield they destroy they own trenches too . blake what do you mean ? schofield I think they want we to go that way . they want to bury we . they walk . a noise startles they both . they turn to the source , ready to fire - a large rat scuttle over a dead german . blake kick a rock at it . it scatter . blake bastard rat . blake look across at schofield . he be still shaking slightly . they walk , watchful . eventually : blake ( cont 'd ) hey - do you hear that story about wilko ? how he lose he ear ? schofield I be not in the mood . keep you eye on the tree , top of the ridge . blake watch the top of the slope . they walk . blake Bet he tell you it be shrapnel . ( continued ) continued : beat . 41 . ( 4 ) schofield what be it then ? blake well , you know he girl 's a hairdresser , right ? and he be moan about the lack of bathing facility when he write to she - remember that rancid jake at arras ? schofield nod - they be disgusting . blake ( cont 'd ) anyway , she send he over this ' hair oil 's . smell sweet , like Golden syrup . wilko love the smell , but he do not want to cart it around in he pack , so - they continue into the - ext . shatter copse - continuous they tread carefully over the batter earth . it 's litter with casing and fleck of metal . blake he slather it all over he barnet , go to sleep and in the middle of the night he wake up , and a rat be sit on he shoulder lick the oil off of he head ! schofield begin to laugh , despite himself . blake ( cont 'd ) wilko panic and he jump up and when he do - the rat bite clean through he fuck ear and run off with it ! they be both laugh quietly . blake ( cont 'd ) oh , he make a hell of a fuss , yell , scream . ( continued ) 42 . continued : the ground sweep gently downward out of the burnt copse . live thing return to the world in small patch . blake ( cont 'd ) best of it be he put so much bloody oil on himself that he could not wash it off ! he be like a magnet . rat leave we alone , but they could not get enough of he . poor bastard . they emerge from the copse , scan the surroundings . they appear to be alone . above , far in the distance , the same two british plane seem to hover in the sky , arcing back towards british line . schofield look up at they . schofield head back home . ( beat ) I wonder what they see ... schofield pull he eye away from the plane . the two man briefly scan the land around they . blake watch the ridge line . they move off again . blake 's eye stick to the leave , schofield 's scan the right . after a beat . schofield well that 's you medal sort then . blake what do you mean ? they continue walk . schofield '' lance corporal blake show unusual valour in rescue a comrade from certain death '' blah , blah , blah . blake you reckon ? schofield I do . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) blake be pleased . blake well , that have be nice . since you lose yours . a beat . schofield I do not lose mine . schofield keep walk . blake what happen to it , then ? schofield why do you care ? blake why do you not ? beat . schofield I swap it with a french captain . blake swapped it ? for what ? schofield bottle of wine . blake what do you do that for ? schofield I be thirsty . blake what a waste . ( beat ) you should have take it home with you , you should have give it to you family . schofield do not respond . blake ( cont 'd ) Men have die for that . no response . ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 3 ) blake ( cont 'd ) if I get a medal , I would take it back home , why do not you just take it home - schofield look it 's just a bit of bloody tin ! it do not make you special , it do not make any difference to anyone . blake yes it do . beat . blake ( cont 'd ) and it 's not just a bit of tin . ( then ) it 's get a ribbon on it . schofield laugh , exasperate . then he turn to blake , look at he . schofield I hate go home . I hate it . when I know I could not stay . when I know I have to leave they , and they might never see I - he choke up . fights with himself for a moment . then he turn and walk ahead . blake watch he , feel guilty . then he follow . up ahead , schofield be approach the remain of a wall orchard . he stop at the gate . ext . walled orchard - continuous the near wall have partially collapse in a mound of rubble . Beyond it cherry tree litter the ground . all have be cut down , fell in the wanton destruction of the german retreat . pale blossom swim all around , ruffle by the wind . schofield look at it all . schofield ( to himself ) Jesus . they chop they all down . ( continued ) 45 . continued : blake have follow he , a little guiltily . wanting to apologise , but unsure how . he take in the orchard . blake cherries . blake look at one of the tree . he reach down , pick a blossom , hold it up . blake ( cont 'd ) lambert . they begin to walk through the fell tree . blake ( cont 'd ) they might be duke , hard to tell when they be not in fruit . schofield what 's the difference ? blake be a little wry , sense schofield soften . blake well people think there 's one type , but there 's lot of they - cuthbert , Queen anne , montmorency . sweet one , sour one ... schofield why on earth would you know this ? blake mum 's get a orchard , back home . only a few tree . this time of year it look like it 's be snow , blossom everywhere . and then in May , we have to pick they . I and Joe . take the whole day . a pang of homesickness creep into blake as he and schofield clamber over a down tree . they be now alongside each other . schofield register this . schofield so , this one all gonner ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) blake oh no , they 'il grow again when the stone rot . you ’1ll end up with more tree than before . a large wall border the lower end of the orchard , still intact . schofield arrive at the gate . ahead of they , visible through the gate be a small valley . in the valley lie the remain of a french farmhouse , abandon . it be utterly derelict now - the roof be just a skeleton of beam . next to it be a clapboard barn , rag with shell hole . schofield and blake peer through the gate at the small collection of building below . everything be still . schofield look anxiously at the farmhouse . blake ( cont 'd ) it look abandon . schofield let 's hope so . blake we have to make sure . schofield lead the way , he move through the gate cautiously , rifle raise . blake follow . they slip down the hill . they be in a old pigsty , surround by a break fence , which run down to the murky water of a pond . carefully , as he walk , schofield scan the building ahead . the wind rustle the long grass . a ominous atmosphere pervade this place . they approach the farmhouse . schofield ( sotto ) I will take front , you take back . they split . blake disappear round the back , schofield move towards the front door . a dead dog lie by the path . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 3 ) schofield look at it for a beat . his hand tighten on he rifle , as he brace himself for what might be inside . schofield quickly walk up the small front path , through the open door . int . french farmhouse , hallway - continuous he be still for a moment on the threshold , breath hold , listen for any sound of life in the house . the silence burn . schofield enter . the only sound now be the floor board creak under he boot . this place have be trash by the soldier who be here . schofield turn right into - int . french farmhouse , bedroom - continuous schofield move through the bedroom . empty . he move back into - int . french farmhouse , hallway - continuous schofield cross the hallway . he spot blake through the window . blake anything ? schofield nothing . schofield move forward towards the kitchen . something catch he eye . a child 's doll sit on the floor . cigarette burn on its eye . schofield look at it for a beat . then move into the kitchen . 48. int . french farmhouse , kitchen - continuous low , dusty light streak in from the smashed window . schofield take in the room . blake enter through the back door . blake do you find any food ? schofield no. ( beat ) I do not like this place . he move out through the back door - ext . rear french farmhouse - continuous schofield move across the barren yard to a dilapidate barn . int . barn - continuous remnant and debris be scattered around . the low sound of a cow echo from the field beyond . schofield look - a single cow stand in the field . two or three other dead cow lie near it . schofield turn , scan the barn floor . he peer into a milk urn , it 's empty . Close by there be a bucket , lid half on . he tip the lid off with he foot - milk . he kneel and smell it , then lower in a hand and lift some to he mouth . it 's be month since he taste anything as good . behind he , blake exit the farmhouse . blake map say we get over that ridge and it 's a straight shot to ecoust . schofield good . ( continued ) 49 , continued : he take out he empty canteen and pour milk into it , fill it to the brim . the huge door at back of the barn be open to the field . the drine of plane engine through the doorway catch schofield 's attention . schofield spot plane through the barn door . he move towards they to get a better look . entrance . he move outside to watch . ext . rear french farmhouse - continuous schofield wander out away from the barn . he look up into the grey sky . Three plane - a dogfight . tiny at this distance , insect - like . schofield 's eye follow they keenly : two british fighter against one german . the violence be so far remove from he that it look balletic . beautiful even . he move towards they to get a better look . the plane twist and circle in the air , engine dron and whining as the plane dip and rise . blake ( 0.s. ) be that we friend again ? schofield look like it . dogfight . blake who 's win ? schofield we , I think . two on one . the two of they stand look up at the majesty of it . then , in the distance , the german plane begin to trail black smoke . the hum of the german engine fail . the two british plane follow it , hammer away on they gun until it be clear that there be no hope for the german . ( continued ) 50 . continued : blake they get he ... the german plane coast silently towards the earth . blake and schofield watch as it get closer and closer . hypnotise . from the bend of wing you can tell the pilot be try to glide . try and fail . the plane drop like a leaf , catch updraft only to suddenly dip again - aim for the field some distance ahead of they . the plane dip . wobbles . Fighting to stay up . it bank leave , and drop below the horizon . schofield walk forward to have a better look . then suddenly , the plane reappear over the horizon , fly very low . it be head straight at they . schofield realise they be in the path of the plane . he begin back away , retreate towards the house . the plane be much closer now , behind they as they run . they can not make it back to the house . schofield and blake throw themselves down on the ground , press themselves into the earth as the plane scream in they direction , smash into the barn directly behind they . Black smoke pour from the plane and the shattered skeleton of the barn . the fire be quick , lick along the old wood . int . barn - continuous smoke billow from the plane . Inside it someone be scream . blake move first , he run into the barn , schofield tailing he . tongues of fire whip out from the engine , the pilot be inside . Burning . flame lick at he mangle leg and torso , he glove hand cover he face . ( continued ) 51 . continued : blake grab at the man , the back of he hand touch the yoke as he try to free the pilot - he cry out as the metal sear he skin . schofield tear open the pilot 's strap and together they wrench he free , drag he from the remain of the cockpit , and pull he body through the smoke . the Pilot 's leg be on fire . pilot pilot meine beine ! meine beine ! my leg ! my leg ! help I ! hilf mir ! hilf mir ! help I ! ext . rear french farmhouse - continuous schofield and blake drag the pilot by he shoulder - the true extent of he injury laid bare in the daylight . the flame have do bad damage . his trousers have be partially burnt off , blood streak down he leg . the Pilot 's blue eye dart at they , in agony . he shiver violently with shock , he lip form word , he voice be a harsh whisper . ( n.b. none of the german dialogue will be subtitle . we should understand only what blake and schofield understand . ) pilot pilot lazarett , kamerad . bitte . military hospital , comrade . bitte. wasser . water. please . please . Water . Water . they look down at the Pilot , shocked , unsure of what to do . schofield turn to blake . schofield ( sotto to blake ) we should put he out of he misery . schofield and blake share a look . blake no . get he some water . he need water . blake kneel beside the pilot , gently cradle he head on he knee . the pilot struggle , terrify and in pain . ( continued ) 52 . continued : schofield move to the water pump , he back to blake and the Pilot . blake ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's alright , you be alright . stay still . stay still ... pilot pilot bitte tdte mich nicht . ich please help I , I do not want méchte leben . to die . schofield work the pump , the lever screeching as the mechanism creak back to life . creak - creak - Orange water cascade out , slapping into the metal trough . schofield keep cranking the squeaking handle , it almost drown out the voice behind he . creak - creak - schofield collect the water in he helmet . creak - creak - then suddenly - shouting . from behind he , pierce through the other sound . blake stop ... stop ! schofield turn , start forward . blake scream in agony . schofield move towards he , confusion on he face , until he see - a bloody knife in the pilot 's hand , pull out of blake 's abdomen . schofield no , no , no ! schofield grab he rifle - he fire two shot into the pilot , kill he outright . blake be look down at he own bloody hand . ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 2 ) blake bastard , bloody bastard . blake get to he foot , breathe heavy . clutch he abdomen , he stagger away from the pilot 's body . blake ( cont 'd ) oh , God no . oh , God no . schofield watch he , scared . blake go for he dressing , he clumsily pull they out of he pocket , they unspool in he shaking hand . blood be seeping through blake 's tunic . he drop to he knee . he look down at he own blood and sob . blake ( cont 'd ) Jesus . Jesus , no . schofield move forward , grab the dress , just as blake drop down to the ground . schofield we have to stop the bleed . schofield wad the dress , he move blake 's hand and push the white bandage hard against blake 's tunic , try to stem the blood . blake shout in pain . blake stop it . stop it ! schofield try to calm he . schofield it 's alright , it 's go to be alright . we be go to stand up . schofield wrap he hand around blake 's webbing . blake yes . yes . blake set he foot . schofield wrench he up . blake scream in agony . blake ( cont 'd ) no ! I can not . I can not . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 3 ) they drop back down . blake be pale , blood be pump out of he , he lip be already grey . schofield we have to get to a Aid Post . blake I can not . schofield I will carry you . it be not very far . blake just bring a doctor here . schofield look around for help , there be not any . they be alone . schofield we can not , we have to go together - schofield look at blake , desperation in he eye . schofield ( cont 'd ) we be go to get up . we be go to get up . schofield move behind blake , grab he under he arm . he lift blake , but blake can not support he own weight , he leg buckle . blake stop , please ! stop ! schofield hold he up . begins to drag he . schofield keep try to drag blake . the more blake struggle the more blood piss out of he wound . blake be suddenly wild , he scream like a animal , flail savagely , claw at schofield 's chest and neck , spitting blood , struggle against he . blake ( cont 'd ) put I down ! put I down , you bastard , please ! put I down ! they fall backwards . schofield move to face blake . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 4 ) blake 's whole face be colourless now . schofield look down . his eye land on blake 's dress . it be scarlet now , sopping wet with blood . he swap it for a fresh dress . panic swarm he . schofield you have to try to keep move . blake be weaken . blake let 's just sit ... let I sit . schofield we can not . we have to find the 2nd . remember ? you brother . we have to go now ... schofield stare down at blake , he 's not lucid anymore . his eye be already glaze . blake you can start on without I . i’1l1 catch up . schofield you can not stay here . we have to move , alright ? we have to move . a beat . schofield ( cont 'd ) come on . come on . that 's it . come on , come on ... schofield wrap one arm around blake 's back , the other round he leg , he get to he foot and with all he might he heave blake upward . blake howl in pain . schofield scream with the effort , give it all he 's get . but blake be a dead weight . he can not lift he . they drop . schofield look at he , desperate . schofield ( cont 'd ) you brother . we have to find you brother . blake 's breathe be come in short burst . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 5 ) blake you will recognise he . look like I ... a bit older . schofield hold blake 's head up . he look impotently around for help . behind they the barn be crumble in on itself , scarlet ember drift across the sky , carry on the breeze . blake stare up at they , confuse . blake ( cont 'd ) what be they ? be we be shell ? schofield they be ember , the barn be on fire . blake look bewilder . then some pain creep into he eye , some awful knowledge . blake I have be hit ... what be it ? schofield look down at he , unsure how to answer . schofield you be stab . blake look surprised . his hand feel dumbly for he wound . it land on schofield 's - he 's hold down the tunic , stemm what blood he can . there be blood on blake 's lip . his breathe be become labour . blake be I die ? a beat . schofield yes , I think you be . a '' oh '' form on blake 's lip . profound sadness follow the shock . blake reach up slowly , and tap he tunic pocket , schofield guess he meaning - go to the pocket , pull out a wallet . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 6 ) schofield ( cont 'd ) this ? blake Inside ... schofield open the cover , inside be a bunch of letter , and a photograph - blake , he mother , and he brother Joe . schofield hold it up for blake to see : yes , that 's what I want . schofield put the photograph in blake 's hand , he press it to he breast . blake ( cont 'd ) will you write to my mum for I ? schofield I will . blake tell she I be not scared . schofield nod . a long beat . schofield let go of the pressure on blake 's wound . he hold he hand . schofield anything else ? blake be slip away , tear well and roll down he cheek . blake I love they ... I wish that ... I wish ... it 's half strangle by sadness . a long beat . schofield hold he . death be close , stiffening blake 's body , it 's already in he eye . blake ( cont 'd ) talk to I . schofield look at blake , he have no idea what to say . blake ( cont 'd ) tell I you know the way . schofield I know the way . I be go to head south east until I hit ecoust . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 7 ) blake listen . schofield ( cont 'd ) I will pass through the town and out to the east , all the way to croisille Wood . blake ( faint ) it all be dark by then . schofield that will not bother I ... I will find the 2nd , I will give they the message , and then I ’1ll find you brother . just like you , a little older ... he stop . blake be no longer breathe . without the line of worry or agony on he face blake look very young . schofield be still for a moment , cradling the head of blake . a long beat . behind schofield the barn be collapse in on itself . the smoke have rise several storey into the sky . schofield look at blake . desperate . then , he snap out of it . with sudden determination , he rummages through the pocket of blake 's tunic - take the message for the 2nd , blood from he hand smudge on the envelope . he stow it safely in he top pocket . he pull out the map from blake 's tunic . it be saturate in blood . illegible . schofield throw it away . he take blake 's ring from he lifeless hand , then open he tunic and go for blake 's identity disc , tear it off of the twine . he pries the photograph from blake 's dead hand , look at it , then leave it face down over he heart , inside he tunic . schofield look around they , beside the pond be a patch of long grass . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 8 ) schofield heave blake 's torso up - the endeavour entirely different now blake be dead . nothing be heavier than the dead body of someone you love . private parry ( 0.s. ) you alright , mate ? schofield look up , shocked to see two british private — parry and atkins . private atkins it 's alright , it 's okay . private parry come on , help he . Parry and Atkins move forward and take blake 's leg . together the three of they move blake to the long grass . as they move he : private atkins Jesus , what happen to he ? schofield do not answer . private parry be it the plane ? we see the smoke . schofield nod . schofield ( sotto ) yes . they lower blake down . schofield kneel by he head . lose . a gentle voice , off camera . captain smith ( 0.s. ) go fetch he thing . private parry private atkins sir. yes , sir. Parry and Atkins go to collect schofield 's helmet and rifle . captain smith ( quietly ) a friend ? schofield nod . he kneel beside blake 's body . impotent . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 9 ) a beat . captain smith ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? schofield I have a urgent message for the 2nd devon . order to stop tomorrow morning 's attack . captain smith where be they station ? schofield just beyond ecoust . captain smith come with I . Smith head back towards the farmhouse . schofield do not move . he can not look away from blake . Smith stop , turn back . captain smith ( cont 'd ) come with I , corporal . that 's a order . schofield look up at he . captain smith ( cont 'd ) we be pass through ecoust . we can take you some of the way . schofield sir. use the grass , he wipe blake 's blood from off he hand . he stand , drag he eye away from blake 's body and then move after Smith . he collect he rifle and helmet from Parry then follow Smith through the farmhouse and back out into - ext . country road - continuous a small convoy of four truck idle on the road , all cake in mud and batter from they journey . Soldiers mill , smoking , pissing , stretch they leg . ( continued ) 61 . continued : at the head of the small convoy be a Officer 's car . exhaust fume swirl in the still air . colonel collin ( 0.s. ) oh , come on sergeant . put more man at the base . at the trunk ! it 'il be heavier there ... the truck be fill to the brim with soldier - a mixture of seasoned fighter and fresh recruit . all be cover in the mud of no man 's land . captain smith might be a tight squeeze . they move towards the Officer 's car . mud harden on the undercarriage and the wheel arch . colonel collin no . you be not go to be able to just lift it . pivot the front end to the leave - at the front of the convoy a large tree trunk block the road , like the cherry blossom , fell on purpose , trunk neatly chop . several private and a nco be gather around try to lift it . a Colonel , collin ( corpulent , sweat ) bark order from the front seat of the car . Smith and schofield approach the car . colonel collin ( cont 'd ) ( to the driver ) Jesus . they do not make thing easy do they . they could at least have retreat with a bit of grace . bastard . captain smith Sir - Collins turn and look down on Smith and schofield , he face register confusion . colonel collin ( register schofield ) you be not one of mine . schofield no , sir. ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) Collins look at Smith for explanation . captain smith he 's get a urgent message to deliver to the 2nd devon , Sir . Collins 's attention be draw back to the tree , the man have manage to shift it a few foot to the leave . colonel collin ( to the driver ) can you get past it ? sergeant harrop ( 0.s. ) no , sir. colonel collin oh , for God 's sake . ( loudly , to the man ) just move it ! captain smith there 's room in the casual truck , sir . he have order - colonel collin yes , yes , alright . ( to harrop ) come on now . you can get through there sideways . the car begin to roll forward . Smith move off , as the Colonel 's car begin to manoeuvre its way around the fell tree . Smith and schofield walk past the row of truck , all pack with soldier . schofield take it in . schofield how do you get here , Sir ? captain smith cross no man 's land just outside bapaume . take we the whole night . bumped into a couple of hun straggler on the way who make a nuisance of themselves . schofield you go up to the new line ? ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 3 ) captain smith attempt to . the newfoundlands have push forward and request reinforcement . they approach the last truck . Smith look at he . captain smith ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about you friend . schofield nod . captain smith ( cont 'd ) May I tell you something that you probably already know ? they stop . schofield look to he . captain smith ( cont 'd ) it do not do to dwell on it . schofield no , sir. they have reach the rear of the fourth and final truck . two or three private mill by the rear step , smoking . they stand to attention when the see the Captain . captain smith ( to schofield ) hop on . Smith speak to the soldier . captain smith ( cont 'd ) make some space there ... come on , in you get ! a bit of grumble as the soldier try to make space for he . a couple of the man help he up and into - int . army truck - continuous twenty man , a amalgamation of company - some scot , some sikh , be cramme in here . schofield make space for himself on the fringe . the man do not look at schofield , do not much care about the hitch-hiker . they be quiet for a beat , until Smith 's footstep die away and the sound of the engine rumble . ( continued ) 64 . continued : schofield sit silently . private cooke alright . here we go again boy . private rossi welcome aboard the night bus to fuck - know - where . private cooke be that a dead dog ? no one answer he . schofield look out of the back , watch the road and the farmhouse disappear behind he . private butler ( to Rossi ) you get a fag ? Rossi hand one over . private rossi yeah , there you go . they light they cigarettes . private cooke ( sotto ) butler ... oy . carry on with that story . private butler ( sotto ) oh yeah , right . so . when we get off the train , beaufoy come up to we and he 's have a right go - ( he attempt a posh accent , complete with lisp ) '' lance corporal ! whatever one do , one never let standard slip ! '' then Scott come out of the latrine , he wipe he hand on the back of beaufoy 's jacket ! shit all down he back . laughter . ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) private cooke be that mean to be Captain beaufoy ? private butler oh , piss off you . you can not do any better . schofield pull he bloody tunic tight around himself , watch . he almost disappear into the noise of the man . private cooke ( impersonate the lisp ) '' men ! you rifle stock be a embarrassment to the entire expeditionary force . '' sepoy jondalar you be both bloody awful . private cooke you do not know , you barely even speak the bloody language . private malky he 's get a better grasp of it than you , cooke . private cooke go on then jondalar , give it a go , let 's see it ! the man be get rowdier . we watch schofield as they grate on he quiet grief . private rossi let 's hear it then jonny ! the man noisily encourage he . sepoy jondalar ( much the best impersonation - perfect lisp , gesture ) '' Rossi ! never in my two hundred year as a soldier have I see such a sorry excuse for a latrine pit - '' the man be all laugh , enjoy it . private cooke shite . that be total shit ! ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 3 ) cooke get shout down by the man . someone chuck a canteen at cooke , miss . private cooke ( cont 'd ) oy ! you could have take my tooth out with that . private rossi you could do with a new set . schofield be still . the laughter settles . after a beat schofield check he wristwatch . butler see it . private butler you get somewhere you need to be ? the man all look at he . suddenly , the truck lurch violently . schofield bump into a man near he . the engine groan under they . the sound of tyre spin . private rossi oh , no ... a spatter of mud be throw up . the engine revs , but the truck sink deeper . schofield stand , lean out of the canvas . private cooke arsehole need drive lesson . a few man groan in agreement . schofield jump out into - ext . roadside ditch - continuous schofield look at the stick wheel . the truck have drive off the road try to get round another fall tree . its rear wheel be sink into a muddy ditch . ahead , the convoy be stop , wait on they . schofield speak to one of the private , cooke , as he stare at the wheel . schofield he should reverse . ( continued ) 67 . continued : private cooke yeah . cooke do nothing . schofield move to the Driver 's side of the truck . schofield ( loudly , to the driver ) try it in reverse . reverse . a crunch of gear as the driver put it in reverse . the engine revs again . schofield bend down to look . the wheel be still spin . the truck be slip deeper . schofield ( cont 'd ) no. stop. stop ! after a beat the sound of revving die out and the engine idle . schofield ( cont 'd ) everyone need to get out . some of the man climb to they foot and drop out . other do not move . schofield ( cont 'd ) all out ! the man be not move fast enough . schofield ( cont 'd ) come on ! private butler alright , alright . keep you bloody hair on . begrudgingly a few fall in behind and beside the truck and ready themselves . schofield right . one. two . Three . the tyre spin on the spot , mud fly up . schofield and the man push . heaving together - the truck be not move . but schofield will not stop , he push and push , groan under the effort . desperation etched all over he face . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) private cooke we need to get some wood , put it under the wheel . the other man drop back away from the truck frame . schofield do not . schofield no ! we have not get the time ! he put everything he have into shifting the truck . schofield ( cont 'd ) we all need to push ! his whole body shake with the effort . schofield ( cont 'd ) come on ! come on ! he begin to yell . push , scream in desperation . schofield ( cont 'd ) come oooon !! the man look at he . schofield ( cont 'd ) please . I have to go now ! please . the man see schofield 's desperation . recognise it . they fall back in beside he . private butler alight , come on lad ! come on . together the twenty of they push , all at once , all stretch to the very limit of they strength . private rossi come on , boy ! schofield one. two . Three ! schofield scream in desperation . schofield ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaahhhhh ! ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) private rossi come on boy ! one last push ! yes ! one. two . Three ! suddenly , the truck move , the wheel catch some grass and whomph - it lurch forward , out of the ditch . schofield fall forward into the mud . he struggle to he knee , try to get he emotion back under control , struggle not to cry . jondalar lift he to he foot . schofield back in . get back in . go. the other man be look at he , they see he emotion . they start to load back in . jondalar put he hand on schofield 's arm . a fleeting moment of solace . sepoy jondalar be you alright ? schofield nod . two soldier stand on the rear step , help to pull the other up and in . as they do - private cooke ( o.s. ) here , Driver , how about you try to keep it on the bloody road for a change ! driver ( 0.s. ) oh , piss off . the man be almost all load in . schofield bring up the rear . int . army truck - continuous schofield take the arm of the soldier help man up and be pull inside . the convoy move off . rattling over the land . around schofield the man be quiet , they eye on he . ( continued ) 70 . continued : after a while - sepoy jondalar so , where be you go ? schofield I have to get to the 2nd devon . just past ecoust . sepoy jondalar why ? schofield they be attack at dawn . I have order to stop they . private malky how come ? schofield they be walk into a trap . private cooke how many ? schofield sixteen hundred . this stop they all . private cooke Jesus . private butler why do they send you on you own ? schofield they do not . there be two of we . a beat . the man understand what this mean . private rossi so now it 's down to you . schofield yes . private cooke you 'il never make it . beat . schofield turn to cooke . look at he . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) schofield yes . I will . butler offer schofield some of he whisky . he take a drink . schofield ( cont 'd ) thank you . now all the man be look out the back , watch the distance drop away . the truck be sweeping past a small hamlet , or at least the remain of one , house have be reduce to skeleton , the destruction be fresh , ember still smoulder . anything of value build on this land have be systematically destroy . Dead cattle lie in the field . private rossi look at it . Fucking look at it ... Three year fight over this . we should have just let the bastard keep it . I mean , who machine gun cow ? private malky hun with extra bullet . private rossi bastard . while they talk , schofield check that the letter be still in he pocket . he carefully put it in he tobacco tin . sepoy jondalar clever . they know if they do not shoot the cow , you will eat it . Rossi nod : fair point . private rossi still bastard . private malky yeah , it 's not even we bloody country . brake creak as the truck slow a little . schofield react . ( continued ) continued : the truck cobble . schofield 's 72 . ( 3 ) private butler how long go do you reckon they be ? sepoy jondalar why ? worried we will catch up with they ? private butler yeah , right . be a bloody miracle at this rate . private cooke they be probably right around the next corner . private rossi piss off , no they be not . private cooke why do not they just bloody well give up ? eh ? do not they want to go home ? private rossi they hate they wife and mother ... and Germany must be a shit hole . private cooke they be retreate ... they be mile back . we have get they on the rope at least . sepoy jondalar no . we do not . slow down . it be juddering , as if navigate 's eye dart to the back , worried . suddenly the truck grind to a halt . a few ready themselves to jump out . private butler oh , bollock . what 's up now ? private cooke not another bloody tree . the driver call through the canvas . ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 4 ) driver ( 0.s. ) Bridge be down . private cooke ( sarcastic - sotto ) oh . that 's a shame . schofield look out the back of the truck . schofield look like I 'il be get out here . good luck . private rossi keep some of that luck for yourself pal . think you 's 1ll be need it . private butler good luck , mate . private malky good luck . drop out onto - ext . canal side - continuous schofield jump down into a new landscape . the land be slice through by a huge , straight , industrial canal . the sun be now below the horizon . the man from the truck watch he go . private cooke private singer good luck , guv . good luck . private cooke ( cont 'd ) do not ball it up . sepoy jondalar I hope you get there . schofield thank you . Captain Smith approach . captain smith next bridge be six mile . we 'il have to divert . ( continued ) 74 . continued : schofield I can not , Sir . I do not have the time . captain smith of course . Smith offer schofield he hand . he take it . captain smith ( cont 'd ) best of luck . schofield thank you , sir. Smith go to leave , stop . captain smith corporal . if you do manage to get to Colonel mackenzie , make sure there be witness . beat . schofield they be direct order , sir. captain smith I know . but some man just want the fight . schofield thank you , sir. Captain Smith call out to the driver at the head of the convoy . captain smith Driver ! move off ! schofield watch as the small convoy drive away . fume swirl in its wake . he turn he attention to the new obstacle - the remain of a bridge , shattered and half blow - now little more than twisted metal drop into the water . the town of ecoust be a jag silhouette , visible about two hundred yard the other side of the canal . smoke drift . the town be still on fire . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) the canal be large and industrial - about 90 foot wide , stone side , once deep , wood and detritus float on the surface of the water . on the opposite bank be the remain of a lock house . two storey . window blow in , roof half collapse . Beyond that , the remain of some small building , all abandon , and then the jag remain of ecoust . schofield survey it . look around . all seem quiet . eerie . schofield look around for a way across . the blow bridge be he best bet . both side of the metal bridge have collapse , and slant down into the dark water . schofield start along the break bridge , then climb up onto the slim metal balustrade and start inching downward towards the waterline . it take all he effort not to lose he balance and fall into the water below . finally he reach the base of the slope , and look across at the remain half of the bridge . about eight foot of water between he and the other side ... he prepare himself to jump across and - crack -— a gunshot slap the water just in front of he . bird fly up . instinctively , he leap - he land heavily on the other side of the bridge . his foot slip into the water , and he haul himself up with he hand . he cling to the metal latticework , scramble forward . crack - another shot ring out , hit the water behind . crack - a bullet hit the metal near he hand . he quickly climb across the tear carcass of the bridge towards the far bank . another bullet ring out , as he drop down , throw himself into - ext . canal - continuous the cover of the far bank wall . he rip in breath as he press he body into the stone bank . he stay low , inching along the side until he can get a sense of where the shot be come from . ( continued ) 76 . continued : he look . now he can register the direction of the shot . a shooter , in the lock house . on the upper floor . a single high window . schofield slide along the bank until he hit a small stairwell set into the wall of the canal bank . barely enough cover , but he only option . crack . another bullet sing against the stone as he dart to the other side of the stair . schofield ready he rifle , he hand be ice , and injure , and slow to work . they shake violently as he try to check and load the weapon . pant , he try to still he tremble body as he creep up to the top of the stair , he peer over the top step to line up he shot . crack - a bullet sing off the stone next to he head . he suck in a deep breath and hold it . he exhales as he lean into the shadow of the wall , and ready he rifle ... schofield lift he body above the wall , and fire once . crack . quickly , the shooter fire back . schofield aim again , crack . the shoot stop . silence . schofield be still for a moment . breathe heavy . shake from the cold and from adrenalin . he spin and fire another two shot through the window of the lock house . crack . crack . Wood splinter . he wait . again , silence . he steady himself and stand carefully , rifle ready , and quickly advance to the lock house . he push open the door and move inside . 77 . int . lock house - continuous no movement on the ground floor . the staircase be ahead of he . his ear burn listen for any sound , any hint of movement . he hold he breath , the wood creak under he as he back against the wall , rifle point to the top of the staircase . stay low and against the wall he move upwards . part of the upstairs come into view - he can now see the door to the upper room . slowly , he move along the short corridor . with he foot , schofield push at the door . it swing open , agonisingly slowly , creak on its hinge . revealing - a german soldier , slump against the far wall , wounded - but with he gun raise . a split second to react , schofield raise he rifle and boom - boom ! both gun go off at the same time . the german 's bullet hit schofield on the helmet , rip he neck and upper body backwards , almost lift he off he foot . schofield stumble backwards and fall - down the stair . bam - he hit the stone at the foot of the stair and ... Black . int . lock house - night still black . in the darkness the sound of a single drip . out of the darkness , schofield ' 's face . ( continued ) 78 . continued : the drip come from a hole in the ceiling , and fall on schofield 's forehead . he open he eye . schofield start to move , gingerly . he lift he hand with difficulty , run it along the back of he head . look at it - slick with black blood . he sit up , begin to focus . his face and hair be wet . his leg be sprawle on the stair above he . he look around dumbly . unsure of what be up and what be down . he look at he watch - smashed in the fall . no idea what time it be . panic begin to claw at he . he have somewhere to be . if only he could remember it . he look around for he rifle . he spot it above he , at the top of the stair . he crawl towards it . reaches it . suddenly , the room fill with light . outside , a flare streak across the sky . as the light swing across the room , schofield now see the german soldier lie dead , slump against the wall . schofield stand and gradually descend the staircase . ext . ecoust , canal side - continuous darkness . then , another flare hiss across the black sky , light burst from it . it fall slowly to earth , the magnesium light blind . as the light fall the whole world undulate before he . not clear to he if he be awake or dream . the fall flare be play with reality ; shape and shadow warp across the land . there have be a rainstorm . the outline of destroy building contract and expands ahead of he . he begin to stagger forward through ecoust . struggle to pick he way through shifting spot of darkness , unable to tell what be shadow and what be a ditch . the puddle reflect the verey light , glow as it fall , sting he eye . ( continued ) 79 . continued : crack - a gunshot . somewhere in the darkness there be another sniper . a brief moment of confusion , as he look around for the source of the gunshot . crack . another gunshot . distant shout . schofield begin to run . he run at full pelt . as he do , the flare light die . now he be careen through shapeless darkness . we be run blind , with schofield . the sound of he footfalls , he breathe . he crash through a puddle , the noise draw shot . the bullet buzz around he in the darkness . then - hiss - another flare burst above he . he fling himself down in the rubble . Shots clip the ground around he . schofield lie motionless , breathe heavily , try to disappear into the rubble around he , wait for the light to die . he look up , try to memorize he next path as the light move the ground ahead of he . the light die . schofield be up and clatter in darkness across cobble . another flare go up into the night sky , but this time schofield do not stop . he keep run . it sweep directly over he , he dart into the bomb out remain of a shop . as the light from the flare die above he , he turn the corner into - ext . alley way , ecoust - continuous narrow , dark . he start to move along the alley . feeling safe in the blackness , head towards the flicker light at the end of the alley - ext . MAIN STREET , ecoust - continuous schofield look both way . a broad main market street stretch away in both direction . ( continued ) 80 . continued : all window be smashed , building have be shell and collapse in on themselves . some have vanish altogether . schofield cautiously peer out along the wide street . to he leave , at the far end of the street , be a Main Square , frame by a colonnade . Beyond , just out of sight , something large be burn . schofield check both way , then begin to walk down the ruin of the empty street , towards the square . wary . large medieval colonnade flank the entrance to the square , some have crumble . schofield slip through they and into - ext . ecoust MAIN square - continuous schofield stop under the column . the destruction here be staggering - colonnade run around most of the square , massive section of it be pitte with gap . Whole building be go , like miss tooth - blackness yawn in they . entire storey have fall away , revealing empty room . at the centre of the square , the remain of a fountain . in the far corner of the square the Church be on fire . the firelight reflect off the wet cobblestone and puddle . schofield stare at it . awed . then he spot something - in front of the bright flame : a mana silhouette . schofield see he . the man stop , lower he weapon . start to walk towards he . schofield can not make out if he be a german or british soldier and begin to move towards he . suddenly the man lift he gun and start to run , head straight towards schofield . it 's a german soldier . schofield respond quickly . he take off run , head through the colonnade . the soldier raise hie rifle and fire after he . schofield do not stop , head out of the square and into - 81 . ext . side STREET , ecoust - continuous he can hear the shout of the soldier come after he . schofield run full tilt . he turn a corner . ahead , to he leave , at about knee height , be a low cellar window . he head towards it , grab at it . it 's lock . he can hear the footstep of the soldier get closer . beside the window be a coal chute . in a flash , schofield be on he hand and knee through the dark open , scramble into - int . coal cellar - continuous pitch black while he eye adjust . he clutches he rifle , step back into the shadow . his breath saw in and out , he listen to the slap of run footstep get closer . schofield slide down into the darkness as a pair of german boot run by the low window . he stay crouch in the darkness for a time , listen to the footstep recede . his eye finally leave the window and look around he . he be in a low - ceiling coal cellar . section of the roof above have collapse , let in drip of rain and some faint light . the room be empty . then something catch he eye . at the far end of the room , a small doorway . heavy fabric have be hang across it . his eye catch the flicker of flame escape through material . schofield ready he rifle . he point it at the curtain , ready to fire , gun cocked - carefully he advance into the small room . pushes the fabric aside with he rifle . in the centre of the room a furnace , presumably use to heat the house . a small makeshift fire have be light in it . around the fire a couple of blanket , some firewood , empty can , crust of stale bread . as schofield 's eye adjust to the light , he see movement in the shadow . instinctively , he lift he rifle . ( continued ) 82 . continued : there be a woman crouch in the corner . lauri , late teens , frail and hollow - eye . her eye fill with fear when she see schofield enter she hide place . she do not move to flee - there be nowhere to go . lauri lauri ( subtitles ; plead ) ( subtitles ) Il ny rien ici . nous n'avon there be nothing here . we rien pour vous . s'il vous have nothing for you . please . plait . schofield set he rifle down , hold he hand up , as if to say : I be not a threat . schofield anglais . not german . friend ... I be a friend . she calm a little . he look around . schofield ( cont 'd ) this place , this town . ecoust ? c'est ecoust ? lauri nod . lauri ( subtitles ) oui. schofield look relieved . he suddenly begin to feel the pain in he head . he sway a little . lauri ( cont 'd ) lauri ( cont 'd ) ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) ou sont les autre ? where be the other ? she look at he . schofield other ? no. just I . she look . he gesture . schofield ( cont 'd ) only . me. she understand . a beat . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) schofield ( cont 'd ) I need to be somewhere ... I need to find a wood to the South East ? lauri look at he blankly . schofield ( cont 'd ) tree ... les arbre ? schofield search he woozy head . schofield ( cont 'd ) croiset ? lauri croisille ? schofield nod . schofield yes . lauri point out the direction . lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) La riviére - the river - schofield River ? lauri River . it go there . tree . croisille . a little wave of relief . he tenderly touch he bleed head with he hand , wince with the pain , reel with nausea . lauri ( cont 'd ) lauri ( cont 'd ) ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) assiez-toi . sit down . she motion for schofield to sit , point at a chair near the fire . he sway , but do not move . lauri ( cont 'd ) lauri ( cont 'd ) asseyez vous . monsieur . sit down . sir. he understand enough to obey she . sway slightly he drop into the chair . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 3 ) still hold he hand to he head , he close he eye and feel the warmth of the fire on he face . it make he almost delirious . lauri watch he . she slowly move over to schofield and place she hand on he . he jump at she touch . tenderness foreign to he . lauri ( cont 'd ) shhh . shhh . her kindness translate . she inspect the wound . she carefully part he damp hair , find the jag wound . he flinch . she be very close to he , he can feel she breath on he neck . she reach down , take out a handkerchief , hold it against the wound . he close he eye , relax against she touch . lauri look at schofield , he eye close , he uniform cake in blood and mud . at last he turn back to face she . they lock eye . a beat . schofield ( quietly ) thank you . then , from behind she come a sound . something soft , small . a baby stir . schofield start . lauri move to the corner of the room . a old mattress lie on the floor . next to it , a drawer from a old chest have be line with cloth . she reach in , lift the child , cradle it protectively . lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) ma petite . my little one . schofield stare at the baby as it settles in she arm . it can not be more than five month old . schofield a girl ? she nod she head . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 4 ) lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) qui . Une fille . yes . a girl . schofield smile . a long beat . the baby be waking , she begin to cry . lauri soothes she . schofield kneel down bedside they . the baby be soothed , she settles . schofield what be she name ? lauri look to schofield , desolate . shake she head . lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) j'ne sais pas . I do not know . schofield who be she mother ? lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) j'ne sais pas . I do not know . the sadness nearly drown they both . a long beat . schofield open he pack and rummages - schofield I have food . here . I have this . you can have they - here , take they all , for you and the child . here . he empty he ration onto the mattress , a bounty in this barren place . lauri look at they , aching with hopelessness . schofield do not understand . lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) elle not peut pas manger ga . she can not eat that . she elle a besoin de lait ... need milk ... she search for the word in English - schofield blink at she , in disbelief . schofield milk . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 5 ) lauri nod . schofield 's cold finger pry the canteen from he belt . he open it and hand it to she . she look at he in wonder . she smell the canteen . milk . lauri look up at he , amazement and gratitude etched onto she tired feature . lauri merci . the baby be fussing . schofield move closer , gently talk to the child . schofield bonjour . the baby 's bright eye latch on to he . schofield ( cont 'd ) bonjour . the baby look at he . begins to settle . lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) avez-vous des enfant ? do you have child ? Children - you ? Children - you ? he do not answer . he watch the baby . schofield shhhh ... it 's alright ... lauri lauri ( subtitles ) ( subtitles ) elle vous aime . continuez ... she like you . continue ... continuez a parler . keep talk . schofield look at the child , search for something to say . he say the first thing that come into he head . he speak softly , like he 's do it before ... schofield '' they go to sea in a sieve , they do , ( more ) ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 6 ) schofield ( cont 'd ) in a sieve they go to sea : in spite of all they friend could say , on a winter 's morn , on a stormy day , in a sieve they go to sea . " the baby 's eye do not leave schofield . schofield ( cont 'd ) '' Far and few , far and few , be the land where the jumbly live ; they head be green , and they hand be blue , and they go to sea in a sieve . " a beat . the baby have settle , hypnotise by the sound . they be still for a moment in the firelight . suddenly , the distant church bell toll . the noise roll through the quiet cellar . schofield start at the sound . he count the clock strike in he head as they happen . two ... three ... he keep look down at the baby , but he eye be fill with fear . four ... five ... his heart be sink . six . he hold he breath . silence . he stand . go for he pack . lauri watch he , confuse . lauri ( subtitles ) Le jour . Les soldat vont vous voir ... they see you . Il fera jour . vous devriez attendre . stay . stay . please . schofield I have to go . lauri ( subtitles ) the morning . the soldier will see you . they see you . it will be light . you should wait . stay . stay . please . schofield take he rifle and move to the doorway . schofield ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . ( continued ) 88. continued : ( 7 ) he leave . int . house , ecoust - continuous he push through the doorway . damage wooden stair lead up . schofield slip over the rubble , over the remain of the house . he peer along the empty street . ext . side STREET , ecoust - continuous schofield stay in the shadow , and begin to work he way along the street in the direction lauri point he . the town be silent . he look up at the sky to see if the sun be rise . no light . he reach a crossroad - small alleyway branch off . he look around . lose . he turn to he right - a wide alleyway . he move along it , quickly , quietly . bang - ahead of he a door fly open , warm light spill out onto the street , follow by a german soldier . private muller , 30 , blind drunk . muller stumble a few step and then vomit . moan and mutter to himself . schofield duck into the darkness of a doorway . muller moan and puke again . schofield back inside the doorway and into - int . school house , ecoust - continuous a small school assembly hall and a couple of other room have be blow together into one large space . Metal beam where there once be a roof . a few school desk , tip onto they side . to one side of the room , wide arched window let in shaft of light from the burn church outside . they streak across the inky darkness . at the far end of the room be the door private muller just exite . a small fire burn on the floor by it . smoke hang in the room . a couple of empty bottle lie around . ( continued ) 89 . continued : schofield stay in the shadow . silently scan the darkness , listen to the pathetic moan of muller outside . he look around , search for another way out , a way past muller . out of the shadow step a man - another german soldier - baumer , late teens . he be do up he fly . they lock eye , three foot apart . a beat - shock on both they face , then horror . neither of they want this . baumer open he mouth to scream . schofield close the three foot and be on he - push baumer hard against a pillar . schofield hold baumer there , he hand clamp over the young soldier mouth . they lock eye . schofield hold he finger to he lip : stay quiet . baumer nod . schofield slowly drop he hand from baumer 's mouth . wary . baumer suck in a breath and shout out : baumer baumer englander ! English ! schofield react quickly , ramming he palm into baumer 's mouth , gag he as they both fall onto the hard ground - the sound echoe loudly though the school house . baumer bite down on schofield 's hand , still bound with its bandage . schofield gasp out , gritting he tooth against the pain . he force he hand further into baumer 's mouth , he other hand go to the boy throat - squeezing with all he strength . baumer have a knife . schofield wrestle it out of he hand . baumer thrashes and kick under schofield , roll the two of they to the side . they be two feral creature - both know this be to the death . a shadow at the far end of the room . muller be come back ... ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) private muller private muller mein gott baumer ... das war Christ baumer ... this be a ein fehler . wir sollten heute mistake . we should go back abend zuriick gehen . tonight , maybe no one will vielleicht hat niemand notice we have go . gemerkt , dass wir weg waren . muller stagger he way over to a spot by the fire , slump down . rummages among the empty bottle . baumer tear a breath in through he nostril , try to scream — schofield squeeze harder on the boy 's neck , push the boy 's head down into the ground . crush he into the break glass and debris . private muller ( cont 'd ) private muller ( cont 'd ) wo ist der brandy ? du kleiner where 's the brandy ? you scheisser .. wehe du bist little shit , you better not damit fortgelaufen . have run off with it . desperately , baumer beat he hand against schofield 's chest . muller hear the noise . muller turn and peer towards they . he can not see they in the shadow . private muller ( cont 'd ) private muller ( cont 'd ) baumer . wo ist ..? baumer ? baumer . where be ..? baumer ? but schofield can see he , and he focus briefly shift . in that moment , baumer fight back - kick , claw , punch . but he be weaker now . schofield redouble he effort . his hand and arm ache . acid sting in he muscle . schofield be desperate . his eye flick between muller and baumer . baumer 's foot scratch and scrape frantically on the stone . private muller ( cont 'd ) private muller ( cont 'd ) baumer ? baumer ? muller stand , teeter towards they . then - baumer 's arm fall limp . schofield snap up , leave he rifle behind he , and leap out of the shadow . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) he barge straight past muller , head for the door at the far end of the room . muller stagger back - muller ( 0.s. ) baumer ! ext . side STREET , ecoust - continuous schofield be out of the door , run , hand free , breath saw in he ear . the sound of muller behind he - private muller ( 0.s. ) private muller ( 0.s. ) englander ! englander ! english ! english ! muller 's howl chase schofield along the street . the sound of the door swinging open echoe after he . schofield do not stop . behind he be the sound of muller give chase then - crack -— a bullet sing off the wall opposite . ext . SMALL STREET , ecoust - continuous schofield sprint , look over he shoulder . he turn ... and fifty yard in front he - another german soldier . the same man who chase he across the square . the soldier break into a run , reach for he rifle . the soldier shoot , but schofield break leave across the street and into - ext . tiny STREET , ecoust - continuous a narrow alley . schofield dart down it , look for some escape . muller and the other german race into the alley behind he . Shots burst on the wall next to schofield . to he leave be another corner , schofield sprint for it . flat out into - 92 . ext . curve stair STREET , ecoust - continuous ahead of schofield be a flight of stone step . he leap down . take they three or four at a time . he slam against the wall , leap down another flight . his breath burn in he lung . at the bottom of the stair , be a long straight street , about 100 yard . lead to a Bridge . schofield run towards it . ext . bridge STREET , ecoust - continuous his heartbeat thunder as he sprint flat out . the street slope downhill . Yards fall under he . we can now see the burn town recede behind he . the sound of the two Germans batter down the stair echoe after he . they hit the flat street . 30 yard behind he . they open fire . bullet crack off the cobble just in front of he . he be 50 yard from the bridge , run full tilt . Shots ring out . schofield reach the bridge . bullet ring off the rubble . he keep sprinting . and suddenly , with no warning , schofield veer across the street , put one hand on the stone wall of the bridge ... -.. and vault clean over it - ext . river , ecoust - continuous schofield drop forty foot and smashes into the water . we be under the dark water . ( continued ) 93 . continued : schofield resurface , gasp for air . numb , panic , he thrashes and kick , fight the weight , the cold , the fear . he struggle to slip off he webbing . it tangles up in he arm , pull he down . finally he get it off , it be swallow up in the white water which churn all around he . lose the weight of the webbing , he manage to stay above the water . the bridge and the german soldier be long go . the water be fast flow after the rain , rapid sweep he along . a fell tree lie across the river . schofield grab hold of its branch , try to pull himself up . but the torrent be too strong to fight . it rip he hand away , and pull he under again . he surface . cough and splutter on the water line . the rapid continue to pull he through the water at speed . schofield go with it . letting the water carry he . he scan the river bank ahead . they tower up steeply . he look for a way out . around he , rock jut out from the water dangerously . they churn the river into a whirlpool , spin he around . he be now travel backwards downstream . behind he , a large rock rise up out of the water . he be approach it fast . he do not see it . the water drive he hard into the rock . his back and head be slam against it . schofield be wind , disorientate , barely stay afloat . ahead there be a sound . a deep rumbling . he fight to keep he ear above the water , to hear it . the rapid be get faster , more turbulent . schofield realize what the sound be - the roar of water . ( continued ) 94 , continued : ( 2 ) panic flash on he face . he thrashes , try to swim to a bank . but it 's too late . a waterfall lie ahead . he brace himself , and then the waterfall be on he ina flash . schofield go over it . he be pull down into the plunge pool . we lose sight of he . and then , nothing . he be go . for a few moment , just the roar of the fall . then , suddenly schofield resurface , gasp for air . the churn water push he free of the fall . he manage to turn onto he back . the river have get wider , deeper . he grab hold of a branch . the current carry he . the world around he have turn blue in the pre-dawn light . the river sweep he forward . he be still gasp for breath . now the tumble river gradually begin to smooth out into a cool apron of water . schofield be almost unconscious . he be slip down , he mouth just above the waterline . his eye flutter and open , he spit out water . grey mistral roll through a pale world . unearthly . they hover above the river ahead . the river slowly pull he . occasional tree line the bank . this place be untouched by war . spare . clean and cool and fill with some life . schofield be fight it , but ready to accept that this be the end . he know too well there be worse place , worse way ... inch by inch he start to slip down . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 3 ) his ear fall under the waterline . the sound be suck from the world . his eye stare upwards . lip just above the water . schofield seem so peaceful , just float on the water . the sound of the fall recede . we be aware of bird , the wind in the leave . then the water around he turn flat . the current begin to slow . White . petal float on it , a patchwork blanket . cherry blossom . schofield be sweep through the white petal . schofield raise a arm from the water and see the petal cling to he . blake . a long beat . life seep back into he , break through the icy numbness . schofield 's limb struggle to work in the cold . he fight , willing movement . he swim towards the bank . ahead there be the sound of a dam : a gentle fountain of water . the sun be rise somewhere - the pre-dawn light be beginning to illuminate the world around he . he have reach the dam - a fall tree . he begin to haul himself out . he look down . body . twelve body , give or take . soldier - british , german . and civilian . Men and woman . they have catch and gather , block by the tree from float downstream . they have form a kind of dam . he take the only option . he pull himself up , and climb across the body . his way out . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 4 ) he make it to the river bank , and stumble up onto the slope . ext . river bank - continuous he drag himself across the grass , and collapse to he knee . he cry . Big rack sob - for the river , for life , for blake , for the baby . the morning be form . Far off in the distance , something foreign , or long forget . Music . sing . schofield listen . then slowly get up , walk , shaking , towards the sound . he stumble but do not fall . his freeze limb be force , drag , back to life . schofield move up the steep rise . he stop and look at the wood that now lie ahead of he . ext . pine wood - continuous shaft of morning light stream through the pine tree . schofield walk towards the music . uncertain if it be real . the music be in the air , a canopy , almost directionless . he can now make out a voice . and word . voice ( 0.s. ) ... there be no sickness , toil , nor danger / in that bright land to which I go ... schofield pick he way through the thin tree ... and suddenly the music have a source . a young soldier stand in a small clear . a british company - about two hundred man - be gather around listen . ( continued ) 97 . continued : the young soldier 's voice be pure , untrained . he sing the old folk song - '' I be a poor wayfare Stranger " . young soldier ( 0.s. ) I be go there to see my Father , and all my love one who have go on . schofield stop on the edge of the clear . unsettle by the world before he . unsure if this man be live or dead . if he be one of this ghost . he lean against a tree and slump down on the outskirt of the group . the music wash over he . Dawn be break . he close he eye . done. young soldier ( cont 'd ) I be only go over Jordan I be only go over home . the song finish . a smatter of applause . captain ( 0.s. ) D company ! move out ! the man stand up and begin to move . then a voice . private seymour you alright pal ? schofield open he eye . a pair of leg before he . private seymour ( cont 'd ) where be you from ? another pair of leg . private grey he 's probably get the wind up . private seymour well he 's not one of ours . private bullen he 's bloody soak . ( continued ) continued : 98 . ( 2 ) private grey fuck it , let 's just pick he up and take he with we . schofield ( very faintly ) have to find the devon . private grey what 's he say ? private seymour what 's that mate ? schofield the devon . I have to find the devon . a pause while the soldier share a look . schofield schofield private seymour we be the devon . look up at they , disbelief on he face . schofield you be the devon . private seymour yes , Corp . schofield why have not you go over ? private bullen we be the second wave . private willock they do not send we all at once . private seymour we be D company , we spend the night digging in . we go last . stagger to he foot . his hand go to he tunic pocket , to the envelope . private seymour ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? ( continued ) 99 , continued : ( 3 ) schofield mackenzie . where 's Colonel mackenzie ? private seymour he 's down at the line . schofield which way ? private seymour this way . we be head up there now . schofield take off down the line of man , shove and push he way as the queue of they wind out of the wood . we hear seymour behind he . private seymour ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) oy ! steady on mate ! where you go ? schofield reach the edge of the wood . from the break in the tree he can see the land stretch ahead of he . the one - day - old british trench , be perhaps forty yard away , and beyond it , far in the distance , on the higher ground be a black ribbon across the land : the german trenches . from here you can just begin to sense the scale of it . a comm trench lead to the front line . schofield stagger down into it . ext . 2 nd comm trench - continuous schofield begin to run along the comm trench , stumbling , weaving in and out of the advance line of soldier . schofield move ! we catch glimpsis of the man as schofield pass - schofield ( cont 'd ) let I by - move ! let I through ! he grab the first corporal he see by the shoulder . schofield ( cont 'd ) where 's you commanding officer ? ( continued ) continued : lance corporal duff he 's in the hold pen . schofield sprint in that direction - shove and barging now . as he approach the holding Area , we can see throng of soldier - the 2nd a and B company . ext . holding pen - continuous the hold area be pack with man . lieutenant hutton ( o.s . ) B company , stand to ! now listen , and listen well ! schofield spot the commanding voice , push through towards the Lieutenant - lieutenant hutton ( cont 'd ) on the first mark , a company will advance ! B company will then move to the front line ! schofield Sir , I have a message from General erinmore ! lieutenant hutton who the fuck be you ? schofield the attack have be call off . General erinmore have call off the attack . the Lieutenant stare at schofield , incredulous . lieutenant hutton ball , man . we be about to go over . we have get they on the run . schofield ( frantic ) you do not ! please . do not send you man over . lieutenant hutton get out of the way , corporal - ( continued ) 101 . continued : schofield this be direct order from Army command ! where be the Colonel mackenzie ? schofield brandish he letter . still wet from the river , but legible . he look like a madman . hutton grab he by the lapel . lieutenant hutton ( furious ) Jesus Christ , man ! go and see the Captain ! hutton shove he away . schofield stagger on , push out of the hold area . as he go , we hear hutton bellow to he men- lieutenant hutton ( cont 'd ) now I want we up there quickly , you understand ? do you understand ! hutton 's man respond : ' yes , Sir ! 's etc . schofield rush through they and into - ext . 2 nd front line trench - continuous the narrow trench be pack with more man . this trench be hastily dig . Little more than a temporary berm , perhaps five foot high . hundred of man crouch just inside the trench wall , wait , prepare . he push past more man . and still more . sergeant wright section 9 and 10 at the ready ! we will advance on the first whistle blast ! schofield push forward . sergeant gardner you must not slow down ! if the man next to you fall , keep move ! you order be to break the line - schofield where be the Captain ? ( continued ) 102 . continued : gardner nod to captain ivins , rock back and forth , head bow . sergeant gardner he 's over there . schofield get to ivin . schofield sir? Sir ! ivin look up at schofield , he 's cry , mutter to himself , terrify . tear roll down he face . schofield ( cont 'd ) Captain , I have a message . this attack be call off . you have to stop , you have to stop - before he can say more , the air vibrate . a impossibly loud sound - german artillery . shell scream overhead and then - a wall of noise . the air seem to tremble . soldier press themselves into the wall of the trench , take cover wherever they can . the earth groan as the shell land . pound the earth all around . not yet zeroed in on the british line . captain ivins ( soundlessly ) no. no. no. schofield grab ivin . schofield ( shout , soundless ) where be Colonel mackenzie ? Men cover they ear and squeeze they skull , but the sound still drown they . Captain ivin have he hand over he ear . schofield try to wrestle he arm away , so he can be hear . schofield ( cont 'd ) ( again , soundless ) where be mackenzie ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) no response . the noise be too much . some man push they head against the front wall of the trench , scream into the mud , all voice be lose . other cower into the earth . the noise be unbearable . schofield leave ivin , move faster through the line now as man crouch and contort themselves low . schofield push forward . then , twenty yard behind schofield - a direct hit . the concussion of the blast ripple along the narrow trench . the wall literally bleed earth and chalk . in a instant ivins , he man , the entire section of trench they be in have vanish . they simply disappear -— schofield be throw forward , into a huddle of stunne man . sound creep back into the world , raspy scream over the thunder of explosion . we can hear a voice in the distance . sergeant gardner ( o.s. ) bearer ! stretcher bearer ! schofield drag himself to he foot , keep move along the trench . german shell whistle through the air all around . schofield push he way along . fountain of mud and iron burst in no man 's land , tower into the sky , shower dirt and shrapnel onto the line . schofield do not stop run , push through a and B company . the trench get thin , taper in - schofield fight through the man now , run out of space , run out of time . the trench narrow until schofield can not get through the man . the platoon have lose they form here , there be no gap between they , everyone be pack together in the chaos . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) the german artillery be increase now . every moment be rock with noise . there be no space , no silence . ahead of he , 100 yard down , the trench take another direct hit . but schofield keep move towards it . men flow away from the damage . push they way towards schofield . completely block the trench . schofield push forward until the trench become impassable . a wall of man , with nowhere to go . a burly sergeant be ahead of he , brandish a pistol , yell command , try to regain some sort of order , but he word be lose in the roar of the shell . sergeant guthrie get back ! return to you sector . get back ! back ! hold fast ! schofield push past he , and find the nearest c.0o . - lieutenant richard . his eye be on he man , revolver in hand . lieutenant richard seven platoon ! one minute ! schofield grab at he , scream - schofield Sir , I have order to stop this attack . Richards want to believe he . lieutenant richard what ? schofield where be Colonel mackenzie ? lieutenant richard he 's further up the line . schofield how far ? lieutenant richard Three hundred yard . he 's in a cut and cover . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 4 ) both of they look around . lieutenant richard ( cont 'd ) you will have to wait until the first wave go over . schofield no ! no , I can not ! schofield turn and look . more shell hit the trench . Chaos . the way to mackenzie be impassable . panic mingle with despair . Richards turn back to he man . lieutenant richard 7 platoon ! thirty second ! suddenly , schofield climb up onto the fire step ... Richards turn and see he . lieutenant richard ( cont 'd ) you can not possibly make it that way man , be you bloody insane ? 300 yard . open ground , utterly without cover . it may as well be on the moon . everything slow . something in schofield snap . lieutenant richard ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do , lance corporal ? schofield be on the top step ... he stand . lieutenant richard ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , no ! Richards and he man watch on in disbelief , as a unarm schofield stagger out and into - ext . no man' land - continuous schofield stumble forward . shock that he be now out in the open . then he start to run , pick up speed . ( continued ) 106 . continued : now schofield be sprinting full pelt , parallel to the trench - his breath burn in and out , saw in he ear schofield do not stop . his leg thump over the earth . we hear the screech of the whistle . Three short blast . the roar of hundred of man follow - — schofield keep sprinting to the western trench as now , six hundre soldier pour out of the british front line - running out into no man 's land , and crossing in front and behind schofield . hundred of soldier , head towards the german line as he keep sprinting to the western trench . the german gun now erupt again . Men fall in they dozen . hundred more pour over the top . schofield be only half way . he stumble , fall . but pick himself up and keep on run . the whole world shake on its axis as the shell land . the air thunder around he . the ground itself burst and roll . a company be still pour out into no man 's land . schofield be run , run . through the hail of bullet and shell . still run . his lung burn , he breath grate in he throat as he run . behind he , man continue to pour over the top . schofield sprint the final few foot and - he jump desperately into - 107 . ext . 2 nd command trench - continuous he tumble and land amongst the wait man of B company , now in the breech . schofield careen through they and hit the ground hard . Men look down at he in horror . he brandish he message as a Captain , sandbach , close in on he - schofield ( breathless ) Colonel mackenzie ? the Captain help schofield to he foot and push he in the direction of a dugout - captain sandbach he 's in there . ( he turn to he man ) B company two minute ! there be a lull in the shelling , the earth still rumble above they with the sound of distant machine gun , but the blast have stop . schofield run , half limping , cut through the man who be about to be send over the top , and push he way to the entrance of a dugout . schofield let I through ! orderly dixon hey , hey ...! schofield let I through ! schofield drop down a few step , a second orderly , byrne grab he . schofield try to get past . orderly byrne ( overlap ) what the hell do you think you be do ? schofield I have to get through . I have to see Colonel mackenzie ! ( continued ) 108 . continued : orderly dixon what be you do ?! schofield I have to stop this attack - he push past dixon and into - int . mackenzie 's dugout ante -room —- continuous the two orderly have schofield by the arm now . he have no strength leave to fight they . his voice be lose in melee , as captain ryland sweep past he and in - captain ryland Colonel , we have see flare , the man on the leave flank have make it to the german line - schofield Colonel ! orderly dixon hold he ! schofield Colonel ! the orderly haul he out of the dugout . ext . 2 nd command trench - continuous schofield struggle wildly against the orderly , they have he pin against the trench wall . schofield listen to I , listen to I ! I have a letter ! I need to see Colonel mackenzie ! the orderly yell over he . orderly byrne there 's no bloody way you be get in there , mate ! Captain ryland exit the dugout and bellow down the sector to two sergeant . ( continued ) 109 . continued : captain ryland sergeant ! send the next wave ! the sergeant yell back in the affirmative from further down the line . schofield no ! with the last of he strength , schofield throw he elbow into the stomach of one of the orderly . he break away from they and into - int . mackenzie's dugout - continuous schofield careen into the room . a huddle of officer be inside , they back to he . a commanding voice emanate from among they . colonel mackenzie ( 0.s. ) tell ivin and Murphy to direct they man to the leave flank . concentrate everything there . schofield colonel mackenzie ! the officer turn on schofield , parting as they do . in the centre , stare straight at he , be colonel mackenzie , 40s . mackenzie stand ramrod straight , and be immaculately turn out , despite the chaos surround he . he have a small scar across he leave eye . schofield ( cont 'd ) ( in a rush ) Sir , this attack be not to go ahead ! you have be order to stop . you have to stop . colonel mackenzie who the hell be you ? schofield lance corporal schofield , sir. 8th . I have order from General erinmore to call off this attack . schofield offer up the letter . the other officer all react . but mackenzie do not take it . ( continued ) 110 . continued : colonel mackenzie you be too late , lance corporal . schofield Sir , this order be from Army Command . you have to read they . he hold out the letter to mackenzie . a damp scrap of paper . a Major , hepburn , be listen closely . major hepburn shall we hold back the second wave , Sir ? colonel mackenzie no , Major . hesitate now and we lose . Victory be five hundred yard away . mackenzie be resolute . schofield Sir ... Sir ! please read the letter . colonel mackenzie I have hear it all before . I be not go to wait until dusk , or for fog . I be not call back my man , only to send they out there again tomorrow . not when we have get the bastard on the run . this be they last stand . schofield the german 's plan this , Sir . they have be plan it for month . they want you to attack . read the letter . this catch mackenzie 's attention . he nod to Major hepburn : get the letter . hepburn take the letter from schofield , hand it to Colonel mackenzie . mackenzie open it . read . his face utterly impassive . inscrutable . schofield wait . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) colonel mackenzie Major . major hepburn yes , sir. a horrible moment of silence . everything hang on this . colonel mackenzie stand they down . major hepburn yes , sir. schofield close he eye . relief flood he body . the Major run from the dugout , a blast of whistle from the outside - a signal to stop . mackenzie address he other officer . colonel mackenzie call up the orderly . tend the wounded . hold the line in case they counter . officer yes , sir. the officer empty out of the dugout . noise of order be shout and whistle be blow seep in from outside . a long beat . schofield sense mackenzie move closer to he . they be now alone . mackenzie speak quietly . colonel mackenzie I hope today might be a good day . hope be a dangerous thing . schofield stand stock still . colonel mackenzie ( cont 'd ) that 's it for now . then next week , Command will send a different message . attack at dawn . mackenzie look he in the eye . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) colonel mackenzie ( cont 'd ) there be only one way this war end . last man stand . mackenzie look he up and down . colonel mackenzie ( cont 'd ) have someone see to you wound . schofield be freeze . colonel mackenzie ( cont 'd ) now fuck off , lance corporal . schofield leave the main dugout . Major hepburn stand just outside the door . he grab schofield 's arm as he pass . schofield turn . major hepburn ( heartfelt ) well do , lad . schofield thank you , sir. beat . schofield ( cont 'd ) do you know where Lieutenant blake be , Sir ? major hepburn blake ? schofield there be two of we . I be send here with he brother . he look at he . the Major understand . major hepburn ah . beat . major hepburn ( cont 'd ) well , know Lieutenant blake he would have go over with he man . he be in the first wave . schofield how could I find he , Sir ? ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 4 ) major hepburn you can try the casualty clear station , behind the line . otherwise ... beat . schofield thank you , sir. corporal cairn ( 0.s. ) Major hepburn , Sir ! he leave . a beat while schofield orientate himself . then he turn and walk out into - ext . 2 nd trench - continuous the sound of the wounded and the die as they pass . the german gun have stop for now . a brief pause . schofield walk along the line . the B , C and D company be gather , pull in the survivor , carry die and wounded man along the trench . lift they by hand where they have no stretcher . schofield continue along . search for officer , for Lieutenant blake . no one look at he . no one see he . he slip past they , a ghost . ext . shatter comm trench - continuous schofield turn the corner , and push he way along the zig - zag length of the trench . stretcher bearer push past he , press he against the back wall as they pass with the wounded . schofield sergeant , I have to find Lieutenant blake . do you know where he be ? sergeant no . schofield follow they , up a slope , and emerge out into - 114 . ext . meadow - continuous a impromptu field station , where several overwhelm medical officer , chaplain and orderlies from the ramc tend to the wounded . schofield move to the tent . schofield Sir , be Lieutenant blake here ? medical officer no idea . ( beat ) move along corporal . schofield walk through the tent , scan the wounded . look at the face , the body . medical offcier if you can walk , move to the triage area . none of the man be officer , none could be blake 's brother . schofield Lieutenant blake ! blake ?! have anyone see Lieutenant blake ? he move through a tent of gravely wounded man . the terrible sound of the die . none be blake 's brother . schofield move outside . he finally stand still , hopeless . sick with he failure . lieutenant ( 0.s ) now come on boy . he 's take one in the leg . he 's lose a lot of blood . schofield turn to see a Officer . he be follow a stretcher bearer into the field station from the opposite direction . schofield stare at the man 's back . the sound of he voice . just a instinct ... schofield Lieutenant blake ? the Officer stop and turn to he . his similarity to he brother take schofield 's breath away . ( continued ) continued : lieutenant blake yes . 115 . schofield be shaky on he foot . he sway a bit , stare at he . lieutenant blake ( cont 'd ) do you need medical assistance ? schofield no , Sir . I be from the 8th . lieutenant blake what the hell be you do here ? schofield I be send here to deliver a message - — recognition play on blake 's face , he smile at the mention of he brother 's brigade , move towards schofield . lieutenant blake the 8th ? you must know my brother . schofield I be send here with he . lieutenant blake Tom 's here ? where be he ? schofield look at he . blake 's smile slowly drop . a pause . schofield it be very quick . blake take it in . schofield ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . blake nod , wordless . schofield go into he tunic pocket , pull out blake 's possession . there be blood on they . the elder blake 's face be ashen as he take they . his eye fill with tear lieutenant blake what 's you name ? schofield schofield , sir. ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) blake nod . he look down at he brother 's possession in he hand . lieutenant blake I be sorry ... what ? schofield it 's schofield , sir. William schofield . will . lieutenant blake well , you need some food . get yourself to the mess tent . beat . schofield turn to leave . then - schofield if I may , I have like to write to you mother . tell she that Tom be not alone . lieutenant blake of course . schofield search for something to say . schofield he be ... he be a good man . always tell funny storey . blake nod . it do not seem enough . then schofield find the right word . schofield ( cont 'd ) he save my life . schofield reach out to shake he hand . blake take it . they be still for a second . lieutenant blake I be glad you be with he . ( then ) thank you , will . schofield nod . he turn and walk away . he be like a sleepwalker . unsure of where to go . he move away from the makeshift Aid Post and into the meadow beyond . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) the grass sway in the breeze . this place be beginning turn gold in the morning sun . schofield drift through the noise of the horror behind he gradually fade . ahead , on the plain , a oak tree tower . untouch . on high branch , leave dance in the wind . schofield walk towards it . he sit on the far side of he back to the trunk . the land stretch out ahead of the early light . he listen to the wind in the leave . birdsong . 117 . to it . the it , he in he undoe he breast pocket . he pull out the small tobacco tin . he stare at it . he take a deep breath and open it . two photograph . schofield lift they out , look at they : two young girl , he daughter . they smile at the camera . he look at the other - he wife . he turn the photo over . on the back , she handwrite : '' come back to we . '' he stare at it for a long beat . the pain on he face ebb into long . Love . he close he eye and feel the sun on he face . the end . for lance corporal alfred H. mend 1st battalion , king 's royal rifle corp who told US the stories