by Paul schrader ( a . . yous c. wheeler co ye attorney at sckurmenr , uraxe ct (. wilshire blvd , suite 103 coe cap stee 1213 ) a7s - 088 . '' br acace quebecois ! from the day canadian crime become organize , the perres ( mob ) rule montreal , and montreal rule Canada . emigrate from marseille ' and corsica in the early 1900' , . french gangster soon make montreal the center for all smug - gling operation into the United States . in the 29' they run whiskey across the Maine and vermont border , in the 30' deport mafiosi , in the 40' black market meat and sugar , in the 5u' heroin and in the 60' gold bar and coin . in 1952 , at the instigation of then New York don Frank costello , the american underworld begin its move into montreal seek to control the pégres ' smuggle and gambling operation , the italian - Americans take over the italian community on moritreal 's South shore and set up headquarters in the center of the city . shortly thereafter , New York jewish mobster start muscle in on the West side club and bar . throughout the next two decade , the Americans succeed in dismantle , incorporate or destroy the french pégres one by one . thoge which survive be force to move block by block into th®~slum - ride North and East side of montreal . this be the story of the final day of the gaulois family , the last great french - canadian pégre of montreal . pre -credit fade in : 1 ext . montreal - night title read : " Christmas 1971 " '' a light snow have be fall all day on the st-michel District , and by nightfall a thin sheet of white stretch across the street cf northeast montreal . the cheerless neon light of the bouchern taverne and Le marche St - Michel shine through the cold night air . the last bastion of hospitality : a neighborhood bar and alli - ~ night liquor stcre . a long black citroen stand in front of the liquor store , inside the liquor store , a large old man wrap in a blanket - like black overcoat stand at the counter , a young man in a biack overcoat , he bodyguard , stand several step to he leave , the young man nervousiy clasped he thickly - glove hand together . ( continued } — continued : the storekeeper anxiously wait on the old man 's every breath . this be no time to make a mistake ; he know who the oid man be . so do everyone else in montreal -- everyone , that be , who ever place a bet , require a quick loan , go to a after-hour club or need a fix . the old man be baptiste gaulois , the scion of the gaulois family , the last of the kingpin of the french - canadian underworld . the old man mumble something and the storekeeper hasten to retrieve a bottle of napoleon brandy from the shelf , the bodyguard , ill at ease , look nervously from side to side . baptiste pay the storekeeper and pick up the bag bottle of brandy . the. storekeeper , nodd , speak in hushed tone of great respect : storekeeper . merci , monsieur gaulois . merci . au revoir . baptiste nodd and walk toward the door . his body - guard precede he . the bodyguard be already stand on the snowy sidewalk when baptiste 's eye catch the magazine rack . he motion ahead , but it be too late -- the bodyguard be - out in the cold . baptiste pick up the tasteful large format copy of elle and carry it back to the counter . drop a coin on the counter , the old man tuck the magazine and bottle under he arm and head toward the door . approach the door , he brace himself against the winter night . baptiste stand outside a moment , look toward he black citroen , and be shuffle toward it when he notice something unusual --~ he young bodyguard be lie in the snow beside the citroen , he throat slit from ear to ear . . baptiste drop he magazine and bottle ( with a mute crash ) , and fumble inside he bulky overcoat for a gun . but it be too late . two thuc , dress in black from head to toe , jumped from the shadow and begin to pummel he with blackjack . - ( continued ) continued ; ( 2 ) the old man struggle vainly to protect himself as he sink to he knee under the steady barrage of blow . the thug pause a moment , as if for decency , and then the old man 's head thudd against tne snowy sidewalk . the thug drag baptiste 's heavy body across the side - walk into the junk-strewn lot next to the market . open he overcoat , they go through he pocket , remove whatever valuable they could find . pockete baptiste 's wallet , the first thug reach into the shadow and pull out a gasoline can . he quickly douse the old man 's limp body with gasoline . pause only a moment for reflection , the thug step back , light a match and toss it toward the black lumpy mass . pouf ! the mass erupt in flame , and the thug run off . . there be a pause , interrupt only by the SOUND of a car start up and accelerate away , then the burn heap begin miraculously to move . baptiste gaulois rise slowly to he foot . he move like a pillar of fire through the dark street , struggle step by agonizing step across the sidewalk and roadway . each step take the torture giant old man a step closer to the light of the boucherne taverne . his fiery outline could be see from a block away . the red and yellow flame leap from nis body , lick up the snowflake before they fall , casting flicker and grotesque shadow across the snow , : with a last superhuman effort , baptiste crash througn the swinging door of the boucherne taverne . inside the tavern , a motley crowd of french - canadian drunk and worker bolt back in horror as they see 2 pillar of fire stand before they . they be too shocked to speak ; the room be freeze still . baptiste gaulois , he voice croaking with pain , scream " baptiste assassin ! end pre-credits credit 2 montage sequence baptiste scream , '' assassin ! " and freeze frame . there be a sharp 's metallic clanging and the title burst across the screen : quebecois ! under the credit , a montage depict the para-legal life of montreal . the scene could include : ( a ) well - dress gambler play barbotte in a fashion - able mobnown casino . ( B ) a " robbery squad " make its escape after a bank job . ( C ) radical separatist spray-paint the slogan , " vive qudbec libre ! " acress the brick facade of banque du Canada . . ( D ) a cop on the beat get he weekly pay-off . ( E ) a cluster of french gangster emerge from Le cathédrale Marie reine du monde . & ( F ) a club-swing riot squad roust a band of rad - ical , throw the straggler into a police van . ( G ) smalltime italian hood sell black market firearm to a group of radical . ( h ) a folly show be in progress in a expensive nightspot . ( I ) low echelon french and italian mobster get into a push - shove fight in a sleazy East end bar . ( J ) plus : various scenic view of new and old montreal . over these scene , the resonant voice of pauline julien , Quebec 's lead separatist chanteuse , sing of the day 's when the québecois will be rid of british and american colonialism and will have they own independent state . " québec pour les q@lebecois . " end credit cuT to : alm '' cin , napoleon room - day to for the last one hundred year the gaulois family 's | lavish mansion have stand atop nt - Royal overlook metropolitan montreal , the dock , the st-lawrence River , and , in the distance , the grassy field of st-hubert . - the gaulois chateau , like most of montreal 's great monument , have be build in the 19th century in the style of the 1léth century . although montreal have be a thriving city in the 1760' , it be both too poor and fire - prone to build monument rivaling that of the french monarch . so it wait a century . the napoleon room , appropriately name , be decorate in the stvle of the Empire period . the massive mahegany wall be embellish with elaborate gilt bronze and red velvet curtain . gild eagle , sphinxes and winge lion ( all favorite of napoleon ) peer down from they nest in the ceiling . : once a formal bedroom , the napoleon room have be tran - form into a makeshift hospital suite . in the center of the room stand a gigantic red Empire swan bed surround by anachronistically modern medical equipment : soft fluore + cent light , heart and pulse monitoring device , stainless steel table and glisten instrument . on the bed lay baptiste gaulois , he body and face swathed in white bandege . pillow have . be place under he head so that he might have a view of the room -~ if he be conscious , that be . a doctor ( michel ) and nurse stand at he bedside , behind the bed stand a bank of flower bear condolatory message . be baptiste conscious , he would have enjoy the view . for around he bed , in a horseshoe formation , stand the hierarchy of the gaulois family at a respectable distance . the woman be dress in black , the man wear they customary dark business suit . - they patiently await they turn to go forward , one by one , and pay they respects to the ail baptiste . ' narrator after the attempt on the life of _« baptiste gaulois , patron of the gaulois pégre , high -ranking member of the clan gather at he mt-royal home to pay thelr respects and select a successor , ( hore ) : ( continued ) 3 continued : narrator ( cont 'd ) the gaulois clan , once the great of the french - canadian gang , be now the last . for year it have be lock in a life - and - death struggle with the american mafia , which seek to put it under the control of its buffalo organization . ( a beat ) gather at the bedside be : jean gaulois , ail and show each of he 68 '' walk to he brother 's bed and knelt beside it . baptiste 's limp hand in he , Jean kiss it and 22a . softly : jean pulssez-vous benir par le dieu , baptiste 's eye flutter open , but see nothing . narrator ' Jean gaulois , brother of baptiste , also know as ' Le dormeur , ' the sleeper . in the early fifty , Jean gaulois originate the most unique and successful of montreal 's se organize crime operation : the bank robbery squad . the previous year gaulois finance and train robbery squad be responsible for a estimate thirty - two bank holdup in montreal alone , and be report as far east as Boston and as far - west as Vancouver . Jean return to he place near the marble and nm gueridon , and jacque giroux , wait he turn , > he arm from ginette gaulois ' shoulder and make to the bedside . Jacques , 55 , have a short and ang build . : narrator ( continue ) Jacques ' Le masse ! giroux , brother - in - law of baptiste gaulois , brother . of ginette , baptiste 's wife . nickname ' the sledge Hammer , ' Jacques conceive the now famous european trip , in which seemingly c- innocent vacationer return from ‘y Europe with new automobile laden sl with uncut heroin , ( more ) ( conti ? continued : ( 2 ) narrator ( cont 'd ) Long in charge of narcotic for the gaulois clan , Jacques giroux . be know for he ability to : increase or decrease the addict ° population of any major canadian city at will . Jacques take baptiste 's hand : jacque puissez-vous benir le dieu . alain giroux , 35 , bore the mar of a good son . tough , educate , conservative , he feel at ease with responsi- bility . but he body and gait , unlike this of the man surround hin , do not yet bear the mark of year of gangland experience . , stand motionlessly next to the Spot he father occupy , Alain wait he turn , . 1 i narrator Alain giroux , Jacques ! son , educate at universite de montreal , later at mcgill , lawyer and comptroller of the clan 's ' legal ' business section . '' his responsibility solicite arson , inflate claim swindle , false bankruptcy , and buy-build - and - burn fraud . Alain knelt at he uncle 's bed : . alain puissez-vous benir par ie dieu . francoise giroux , 29 , beautifully and elegantly dress , stand next in line . her hand discretely touch the hand of the man stand beside she , a american . narrator francoise giroux , alaint sister , renown cabaret singer , sex star and symbol of french - canadian culture , she be free of any ' direct ? involvement in the illegal operation of the clan . francoise take she place at bedside : francoise puissez-vous benir par le dieu . ( continued ) ry 3 continued : ( 3 ) jame reno , 40 , the american , calmly wait he turn . he carry a natural air of authority . . narrator . perhaps the strangest person in dose the room be a 4nerican name James reno , baptiste 's adopt son and a clan member from childhood . name ' the enforcer , ' reno be the clan 's foremost negotiator . he be also in charge of discipline . he be consider ruthless . reno gingerly tock he father 's hand in he and kiss . . reno puissez-vous benir par le dieu . suzanne gaulois , reno 's sister - in-law , and she young son jean -oliver be the last to go to baptiste 's bedside . there be a conspicuously vacant spot next to where Suzanne stand . narrator the only absent member of the pegre hierarchy be Jean-Louis gaulois , natural son of baptiste gaulois and James reno 's . young brother . cur 70 : ext . restaurant parking lot - day while he relative knelt at he father 's bedside , jean - louis gaulois , 36 , sit calmly in the front seat of a beat - up van park outside a plush midtown restaurant . beside Jean-Louis sit ti- pierre and marc , two young Soldiers in the gaulois clan . all three man be gress in the " radical " style of the period : fade jeans , boot , work shirt and jean jacket . share the rear~view mirror , ti-pierre and mare care - fully put on they long hippie wig and mustaches . ti-féeerre , add a last tonsorial touch , look to Jean-Louis for he approval , but Jean-Louis ! mind be elsewhere . ( continued ) 4 continued : narrator Jean-Louis have unsuccessfully be in charge of the protection racket , truck hijack and the dock before he find he true call as a hit man . consider a hothead by the older member of the family , he be sometimes call " Le factieux , ' the troublemaker . Jean-Louis look up and he eye sharpen . across the street , remi langlois , montreal Chief of Police , get out of he squad car and walk into the restaurant follow by a uniform officer . Jean-Louis hold up he colt Commander .45 automatic , examine it and place a clip into the handle . follow - ing he cue , ti-pierre.and mare likewise check they revolver . ' pause a moment , Jean-Louis turn and nedd to he accomplice . ti- Pierre and mare slip out of the van and head toward the rear door of the restaurant . CUT to : int . restaurant - day remi langlois , joke and have a drink at a choice table , excuse himself and walk toward the Men 's room . inside the men' room , Chief langlois walk toward the urinal , he do not notice the two pair of boot stand - ing in the toilet stall . langlois be barely unzip when he hear the SOUND of both stall door open simultaneously . he turn to see two young revolutionary walk toward he , gun draw . langlois ( frighten ) flq ? ti- Pierre frisk langlois while mare take up a position by the door . TI - pierre oui , mon inspecteur . if you dontt want to die , be quict . you have just be liberated . ( continued ) 5 continued : langlois what do you want with I ? ti- pierre . ( remove langlois ' tote . gun ) tt silence , walk out the back door . one false move and you will be dead . comprenaes~vous ? lanclois ( look at he crotch ) May I zip ? , _ti - pierre oui . Le revolution will let you zip . : langlois . merci. , the Chief zipped , ti-pierre motion with he revolver and langlois head toward the door , follow by he captor . CUT to : ext , restaurant parking lot - day Jean-Louis , unmove , watch the rear door of the restaurant for any sign of life . : the door open and langlois , ti-pierre and mare file out . Jean-Louis reach to the seat , pick up a red , white and blue ski mask anc pull it over he head . CUT to : int . antechamber - day James reno straighten he suit and walk out of the napoleon room . charle , he bodyguard , be wait for he , Charles wait for reno to speak . ( continued ) cm il . continued : reno 's expression then , as always , look as if he be be catch in a vise . grow up as a adopt foreigner , James reno always feel he be on trial , lock in a vise design especially for he . and after baptiste 's death , he know that vise would only grow tighter . : reno be pensive for a moment , but when he speak it be in he usual business monotone , as if nothing unusual have happen : reno where 's Jean-Louis ? have you see he ? charle no , boss . he be not be around all morning . Michel , the gaulois family doctor , walk into the antechamber . '' reno motion to he : i reno Michel , wait a moment . Michel patiently step to the side as reno turn back to Charles to finish they convérsation , charle the town 's tighter than a frog 's ass . the hush be come down solid from the top . reno ( to himself ) contrini . charle who else ? reno it 's contrini , all right . goddamn italian , goddamn Americans . how can we fight montreal , buffalo , New York and Sicily at the same time ? charle you mean we be not gonna do nothing , boss ? ( continued ) 7 continued : ( 2 ) " Michel , impatient , make a polite cough but reno shot he a sharp look which quickly hushed he up . reno ' we will do something , all right . I have get to figure out what . wetll do just a little something at first , just to let they know we know . ( a beat ) . you know that wop that call himself ' l' angel du maisonneuve !? ex~pimp , work out of longue -point . he have a big wide white smile . reno make a wide smile with he hand . Charles nodd recognition . . reno contrini 's daughter be sort of sweet on he . very touch . I '' want you to rough he up a bit . nothing serious , but something he will remember . get that big lug , the ex-hockey player , Richard , and take ti-pierre , . ( a beat ) where be ti-pierre ? . charle he 's be go all morning too , boss . : reno find he . nodding acquiescence , Charles walk toward the door , reno turn toward Michel , who be none too pleased at be force to witness the commission of a crime -- but not displease enough , of course , to mention it . : reno any change ? michel no. . . reno how long ? michel * a week , maybe less , could be more . the old man' get plenty of strength . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) reng you know it 's a little hard for we to move with this thing hang in the balance . Michel be shocked by reno 's callous tone : , michel Jim ! you be talk about you father . reno be insulted and hurt that Michel would even think he care sc little about he father . his face grow hard and tense : reno you do not have to tell I who I be talk about , if you mean that old burnt - up piece of french toast in the other room . that old man ' be my whole life . he give I a family , he give I a country , he make I , and I wish to God I could be lie in he bed now . but I be not , and we have get to continue . Michel be sufficiently cow for reno to continue : reno when 's he come to ? michel maybe a day or two . more likely . never . he 's awfully sedate now -- shot through with morphine . . reno never ? . michel if he ever come around the pain would be so great it might finish he off right then and there , reno I want you to bring he around . there be decision he have to make , decision more important than whether or not he slip off to heaven like a baby in he sleep . how long will that take ? ( continued ) co 7 bo a continued : | ( 4 ) michel if I cut he off now ? half a day I suppose , reno good . do that . michel ( reflective ) how be you go to keep go without he ? . reno baptiste may have beca the very blood of this family , but that do not mean he be indispensible . no.man be . I know a fellow once , a good soldier , have he leg chop off by a train when the wor dumped he there for a hit , * then get he hand shot off in a poker game shoot - out , then be blind by he wife who hate he and be just plain ornery . but he 's still around today , and he can tell when I walk in the room , ( a beat ) ' you see ? we will survive . Michel see . cur to : int . van - day remi langlois " head hit with a thud against the side of the van . Jean-Louis , he face hide by a ski mask , bent over . langlois with he draw + 45 . behind Jean-Louis ! head , the separatist plag hang against the side of the van , first use in the thwart revolution of 1837 , the patriote flag consist of three horizontal band , green , white and red . a gold star have recently be add to the green field " to symbolize the strupele for liberation of the people of Quebec in solidarity with all the oppress people of the world , " mare sit on he haunch in the corner , watch Jean - Louis and langlois . : ( continued ) continued : '' . of in the front seat , ti-pierre have remove he hipple wig and be steering the van through the snowy city street , . . . langlois why I ? what do vou want with I ? Jean-Louis clipped the Chief across the cheek with he 45 , just to create the proper attitude of respect , blood trickle down langlois ' cheek . Jean -louis speak in a disguise voice : jean-louis I will ask the question , Jean-Louis press the end of he gun barrel against langlois ' leat eye and slowly increase the pressure . jean-louis ' you be lucky . we do not want to make a spectacle of you , though you deserve it . we do not want to hold you hostage , we do not want to kill you . all we want be a little information and you will be let go . a hour from now you can be back in coq d' or sip wine and talk about you adventure with the leftist . ( a beat ) forty kilo of heroin base have come in for New York shipment . we know that much . now where be it ? . langlois why ask I ? I be the Chief of Police ! how would I know ? . Jean-Louis drag the automatic down langiois ' cheek and place it in the Chief 's mouth , Jean-Louis be slowly let out he temper like a sailor with a long rope . . jean-louis . we be not child . ' you have be run cover for the italian for year . everybody know that . look , we be not afraid to kill . ( more ) ( continued ) C ( a 8 10 16 . continued : ( 2 ) : jean -louis ( cont 'd ) . we just kill two month ago ; . we will kill again . jy do not care . oe do not you understand , nigger ? . you life do not mean a sweet plece of dogshit to I . : ( he temper flaring ) I do not care ! I be gonna '' ill you just for the hell of it ! I do not even want to know where you dope be I hate you gut so much ! Jean-Louis prepare to pull the trigger . convince he be deal with a madman , langlois shook with fear . langlois all right ! all right . Jean-Louis withdraw the gun from the Chief 's mouth , | '' . langlois calm down , I know where there be something . maybe I can help you , it 's in the police garage . jean-louis smile ) vive Quebec libre ! cuut to : ext . police garage - day the van be park down the block from the montreal police garage . ti- Pierre , behind the wheel , fix he eye on the entrance . the gate officer look up as a black citroen pull up to he kiosk . a long-haire youth hand he a pass and the officer wave the citroen through . CUT to : int . marat room - day e James reno and he brother walk down the long corridor which lead toward the marat room . the wall be line with the 18th century court painting baptiste and Jean have purchase on they many trip to France , ( continued ) on oo 10 continued : fragonard , watteau and boucher hang side by side , each extoll the decadent baroque lifestyle : wood nymph , satyr , ruin and forbode sky . the gentle strain of a jean-baptiste luliy choral arrangement could be - heard in the distance . tog Jean-Louis still be wear the work shirt , jeans and boot he have on earlier , a wardrobe which sharply con= trast he brother 's funereal dress . reno you should have be there . it be you place . jean-louis you should have be with I , Jimmy . reno what do you mean ? . jean -louis you know that forty kilo contrinit be expect ? ( a beat ) it 's now in the possession of the gaulois family . reno stop in he track a second , then continue , gesture for Jean-Louis to continue . jean-louis well , I put 's the gun to we friend the top-cop , langlois , and he tell I where it be . reno grimace . he have long since become accustom to he brother 's irresponsible conduct , and he first think be how to rectify the situation . reno ( tough ) all right , where be 4t ? you crazy bastard , we might be able to patch it up today . by tomorrow we ass gonna be shot to hell . jean-louis ( interrupt ) you do not understand . nobody recognize I , I do not go orf half - cocked again . . ( more ) ( con ' pinued ) | 10 continued : §= ( 2 ) a jean -louis ( cont 'd ) a ( enthusiastic ) we disguise as separatist . Front ae libération . langlois think he be hit by another flq cell -- he be scared shitless . reno do not know whether to be worried , piss off or pleased , but in the end he relent and give he brother a grudge smile . reno and he do not recognize you ? jean-louis oh , you should have see I , jimny . I be fantastic ! Jean-Louis stop at the entrance to the marat room and give a anirite rendition of himself imitate a fl@ leader , ' . jean -louis . ( thespian ) ' monsieur le roi negre . nigger oro King . they give you a tin badge ss and place on the plantation and you think you can suppress you own people , québec pour les quebecois ! ' ee ss ne Jean-Louis smile . reno unsuccessfully try to suppress a laugh as they walk into the marat room . a large tapestry depict a royal hunt scene hang on '' the far wall . on the adjoin wall , a long row of win- dow overlook downtown montreal . reno walk toward the large art nouveau desk which stand in the center of the room . reno Cause of the marseille bust , huh ? jean-louis the way I get it figure three four week addict go to be crawl down the sidewalk of New York . ( more ) ( continued ) 10 continued : ( 3 ) jean loul ( cont 'd ) '' cold Turkey in the street . then New York will have to deal with we , not contrini and he buffalo friend , reno have to admit it be a pretty good plan , but he to he . ' do not want to encourage he brother by admit it . reno yeah . but it 's so ... italian , you know ? that 's the kind of stuff they do in the States . we only believe in high class violence , jean-louis it 's gonna work , be not it ? reno : ( grow angry ) . but at least in America people do not run around pull stunt without permission ! who give you permission to do this ? jean-louis ( sheepish ) everybody else be busy with papa and all , and I just think it be a good idea . . reno baptiste be not go to be around to take care of you anymore , Jean-Louis . ai not go to be around to say , ' ah , Jean -louis , he act a little stupid sometimes but he 's a good boy . ' jean-louis when you go to leave I alone ? reno when you go to take care of yourself ? : , jean-louis we can attack contrini now , Jim . we get insurance . reno I do not believe in suicide as a mean of self - expression , Jean-Louis . ( more ) ( continued ) * 10 ii oy al . continued : ( " ) reng ( cont 'd ) T be not gonna no . goddama war and get we ass kick into the St. lawrence just cause you want I to . ~ { gotta figure out how we be gonna survive , and we be gonna do that by wit and stamina . we be french , not italian , ( change the subject ) now why do not you go and see papa ? and mama want to see you too . she need you , Jean-Louis . Jean-Louis turn to go . reno and about the kilo , just keep it to yourself for the moment . I do not want to have to explain it to the other , . CUT to : int , longue - point nightclub - night a long row of naked leg shot out in unison under the glare of red nightclub light . what the folly dancer lack in beauty and talent they make up with zeal , and the crowd of cheer businessman do not seem to mind . there be one face that stand out in the crowd of ogling and whistling businessman , and it belong to a young italian with a ruffle shirt and a wide white smile -~ l'angel du maisonneauve , l' angel sipped he drink as several shadow slip into ' the front door , among the shadow be that of ti-pierre , Charles and another oversize goon ( richard ) . they work they way toward l'tangel 's table . when they reach he table , l'angel look up , strain to recognize they , ti-pierre indicate they wish to join he . l'angel nodd and they .did so . ° l' angel oul ? ti- pierre you know I . I be ti-pierre . un gaulois. , and ... : ( gesture ) eee of course , Richard dugrand , who be goalie for the canadien a couple year back , ( continued ) 31 c ce ) oo : 12 continued : ly angel oui . fi- pierre {to Charles ) get l'angel a drink . a nice big glass . Charles lunber up and head for the bar . l'angel , uneasy , decide it be time for a exit and start to get up . the pressure of a hard object under the table stop he , TI - pierre yeah . that 's a .45 Richard be hold tetween you leg . do not make a move or make a sign or it 's good - bye ball , l' angel ease back into he chair . a moment later , Charles return with a beer mug fill with tegquile and place it .on the table , ti-pierre gesture toward the mug : . TI - pierre drink up , l'angel . it 's go to be much easier that way . ( a beat ) drink . ltangel 's broad white tooth be no longer smile . ' CUT to : int . antechamber - night the gauloise be wait to be admit into the napoleon room and baptiste 's bedside . most sit silently ; Jean , he head against the wall , be asleep . Jean-Louis sit on a Louis XVI settee with he mother , ginette . reno walk into the room and watch they from a distance . ~ : : jean-louis ( conscle ) maman , maman . Jean-Louis put he arm around he mother 's shoulder . sense reno 's presence , ginette lift up she moist e and look at he . . CUT yo : 13 flashback '' ; . cc. * like a machine stripping gear , reno 's mind slipped back a into the memory of something that have happen thirty - five year before . reno 's mind have be do this more and more lately , ever since baptiste 's accident . most often they be recollection he have not think of for many , many year , memory he think have die decade . before . . reno be about Seven ; it must have be the middle thirties , he be play with several of he childhood companion in the corridor , a room that look then exactly as it do now . his mother walk down the corridor toward he : ginette ( age 30 ) Jimmy , where be Jean-Louis ? Jimmy and he companion shrugge in unison , . ginette . you be suppose to watch he . . ; reno ( age 7 ) we be play Joseph and his Brothers , : ginette where be he ? ; . reno we be play Joseph and his Brothers . ginette where be he ? reno we throw he in the well . ginette the well ! where be the well ? Jimmy reluctantly point toward the clothes chute in the corridor wall . ginette hasten to the chute and look down it . there she siw , one floor below , Jean-Louis , 3 year old , lie atop a pile of dirty clothes , he be wear a rug of many color and cry . ginette grab Jimmy by the hand and haul he down - stair with she , ( continued ) 13 co a 14 CC | 15 a ( . { — — continued : in the basement , she retrieve Jean-Louis from the clothes heap , gurgle safe and sound . ginette : mo you have get to take care of you : brother , Jimmy . if you do not , who will ? Jimmy listen dutifully . CUT - to : int . antechamber - night reno 's recollection be interrupt by the SOUND of Michel 's voice . stand in he wrinkle white coat , Michel speak wearily to the assemble family : michel . baptiste be conscious . he can not speak ; he body be immobilize . he have control only over he right hand . he will move it up and down ... ( gesture ) to indicate ' yes , ' and from side to side ... ( gesture ) to indicate , ' no . ' please make it short . ginette and Jean-Louis lead the way , the gauloise file silently into the napoleon room . cuT to : int . napcleon room - night ' the gauloise take they place in the gild armchair that have be place around baptiste 's bed . the light of montreal twinkle outside the window . baptiste 's head be propped up so that he might see he visitor . although he be in great pain , baptiste make a superhuman effort to appear stern and paternal . ginette , sit close to she husband , touch he hand . ginette baptiste . ( continued ) au , continued : the old man manage a weak smile . the other make polite , almost inaudible greeting : '' bonjour , papa , '' " mon cher frere , " " bonjour baptiste " and so forth . baptiste move he hand up and down . ae reno papa , do you remember anything ? can you tell we anything ? the old man struggle to raise he head but Michel be - strain he . sinking back to he pillow , he emitted painful sound . : . jean -louis Les italien ? baptiste move he hand in a circular pattern . Michel bent he ear to baptiste 's lip . . michel ( to other ) ne do not know . reno should we start a war ? baptiste move he hand from side to side . no , . jean then ... ? baptiste struggle to get up but Michel again restrain he . he attempt to speak ; Michel bent near . michel he want pen and paper . Alain quickly locate a pen and tablet and bring it to Michel . Michel place the pen in baptiste 's hand and hold the tablet to it . with great effort , baptiste etched a few letter on the tablet . Michel look at the tablet and pass it on to the other . when reno look at the tablet he see there the iil-formed letter read , " reno . " reno be this you wish for successorship , papa ? . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) baptiste move he hand up and down , stop , then again begin to make strumgle sound , after put he ear to the old man 's lip , miche ] turn to the other and say : mss michel he want extreme unction . reno turn to Jean-Louis : : reno get pather géricault . immediately . Jean-Louis hasten out as the gauloise settle back . a short time later , Jean-Louis walk in with father gericault . the room have be prepare for the sacrament . a small table cover with a white cloth have be place near the bed . on it have be place a crucifix , a light candle , cotton - wool divide into six part , ‘read , lustral water and a sprinkler . wearing a cassock , supplice and violet steal , and bear the oil cf the sick , Father gericault walk toward baptiste 's bed . as he enter the room , he say : gericault pax huit domui . stand , the gaulois family reply : family ( in unison ) et omnibus habitantibus in ea . Father géricault laid the stock of holy oil on the table , give baptiste the crucifix to kiss and begin the sacrament say : : gericault asperge I , domine , hyssopo , et mundabor . as he do so , Michel prepare a strong dose of morphine the inject into the old man the moment the sacrament be come plete . stand directly behind Father gericault , Michel slowly draw back the plunger of he hypodermic needle . curt to : cn 16 ae int . warehouse - night '' while baptiste gaulois receive the last sacrament , nick contrini be walk through he half darken , cavernous St - henri warehouse with inspecteur de Police remi langlois . Nick contrini be a fiftyish american mafioso who haa ~ develop he personality watch gangster movie , ' grant , he have try to purchase all the accoutrement of culture -- $ 300 suit , limousine , diamond ring -- with he ill-sctten gain , but they have never quite graft onto he personality . in the end , he be just a expen - sively dress aging thug . several step behind contrini walk stephano , 35 , he righthand man and bodyguard . contrint and langlois be walk past a long row of juke box as they talk . contrini have a hand full of dime , and every time he pass a box he drop a dime in and play a song at random . in between selection he swigge from the can of budweiser in he other hand '' langlois the whole country be in a panic . the War measure Act have be invoke . this separatist kook get everybody run crazy . nobody know if Cross be dead or-alive . it 's just we turn . contrini push a juke selection ; a french -canadian . version of a american rock song come on . contrini ( to stephano ) just we turn ? he say it 's just we turn . ( to langlois ) remi , when New York call up buffalo and the Big nan in buffalo call I up and ask where the forty kilo we be suppose to deliver be , what should I do ? ive he a history of the radical movement in montreal ? the next juke box offer a sentimental love ballad . e langlois what be you go to do ? tell the Prime Minister that the cemmy take you dope ? ( continued ) < N 16 17 continued : contrini i inay just do that . the third juke box add a american country and western song to the mechanical rondo . contrini but for the time be we will concentrate on get the stuff back . run all that bastard in . put the heat on . they be easier to handle in jail . langlois but we have already throw everybody in jail who ever write a article or sing a song . * contrini while you be do it , I want you s+ to throw somebody else in . langlois who 's that ? . contrini Jean-Louis gaulois . I want he out of action for a while . you can do that , can not you ? langlois I can run anybody in as long as the w.m.a. be in effect . contrini gocd . do that . by the time contrini have make he sixth juke box selection , the huge warehouse be a echoing cacophony of french - canadian popular music . cur to : int . notre dame cathedral - morning James reno and francoise giroux sit in the gaulois pew in midtown montreal 's Notre Dame Cathedral , a 19th century replica of its Paris namesake . the remain seat of the pew be empty , as be , in fact , most of the pews in the cathedral . ( continued ) 17 18 continued : Father géricault seem to reflect the indifference of he parishioner as not cenelude high mass . cur to : ext . place d'arme - morning reno and francoise , arm in arm , step cautiously down the snowy step of the cathedral and head across the street toward place d' arme , . the snow be bank against the pathway as they stroll through the place toward reno 's citroen . Charles walk a respectful distance behind they . reno where 's Alain ? co francoise . Alain never go to mass . you know that . reno ne use to go . francoise no . he never do . in fact , nobody ever do . you be the only one . even I would not go if it be not for you . . reno baptiste always go . francoise that 's right . you and baptiste . every Sunday . but nobody else . reno Jean go sometimes . and Suzanne . francoise not often . reno Jean-Louis never go . francoise that 's right . ( continued ) | 29 ... 18 continued : reno Hell , we pay for that pew . youtd think somebody would go . francoise chuckle and hold reno 's arm more tightly . look at she , reno could not help but laugh at himelf . when they reach the black citroen , Charles walk up from behind they and open the door for francoise . she . slip into the back seat follow by reno . pull the car away from the curb . Charles close the door , get into the driver 's seat and cur to : 19s int . reno's car - morning '' reno 8 ( pensive ) this be the first time I have be to mass when baptiste be not there . I mean , really be not there . ) francoise say nothing . . reno I really feel alone now . . francoise there 's Jean-Louis ... reno ( not hearing she ) let 's get marry . francoise must we go through this again ? reno it 's different this time . I be ready now . thing have change . it 's time for I to get marry and have child . I need a family now . ( look at francoise ) I need a wife . francoise mon cher Jim . . ( continued ) 30 . 19 continued : — * they embrace . francoise let 's wait until spring . reno ( kiss she ) yes . there be scme matter I have to straighten up first . I can not accept the leadership of the family . L francoise oh ? : reno I be not true blood . not real family . there 's no substitute for that . one God , one king , one law . af ( a beat ) yes , we will get marry on St - Jean - baptiste Day . everything will be clear up by then . cr : '' cur to : '' 20 int . st- vincent do paul penitentiary - day paul sauvage , 30 , a bearded flq leader wear a prison uniform , be lead into the penitentiary visit room by a English -speak guard . sauvage " ( to Guard ) since when do separatist get visit privilege ? guard just shut up and keep move , frenchie . sauvage mangez de la merde . sauwige have prepare for the biow he feel sure to cone when he spot stephano wait for he at the visitor window . ' the Guard likewise see stephano and restrain ~ himself from beat the live crap out of sauvage . not * ( continued ) 20 continued : sauvage a ( sit down ) bonjour , stephano . stephano hello , sauvage . sauvage why do you want to talk with I ? the Guard stand at a distance , listen in on the con - versation . stephano shot he a stern look and wave he off with he hand . the Guard meekly comply . : stephano all right , hotshot . I just want to know one thing . we use to have a good arrangement . the petit-pegre sell you weapon , you keep we inform of any ' social disturbance ! 's you have plan . we even make it possible for some of you friend to find cool - off spot , we provide passport to the States . but then you turn around and cm snatch laporte , who , as you know , n. be we friend , and then you kill . he . now you have take a million buck worth of we shit . sauvage what ? stephano do not bother to play innocent . I just want to know one thing , and I want to know it now : where be the stuff ? sauvage I do not know what you be talk about , stephano . we be a political group . we do not deal in no goddamn drug . stephano one cf you cell , I do not know which , find where we be hold a shipment . we just want it back . sauvage you mean they get langlois to talk ? Bet he 's in hot water now . ( continued ) ( bb . ~ 20 continued : ( 2 ) ( -- C be stephano not as hot as the water you be in . sauvage . I have be behind this wall three fuck month , man . what do I know ? stephano people behind bar be very easy people to kill . and you get a lot of people in jail , both here and in Kingston . you talk or a lot of people be not ever come out of jail . sauvage ( intense ) you go back and tell contrini that it 's a lot easier to plant terror bomb in certain nightclub and ezsino . and that will cost you a * lot more money than one measly shipment . stephano back off a bit . sauvage be right ; terror a bombing be the one thing the separatist do well . to . ° stephano okay , I understand . we will not rough up any of you people . but you would better start ask around quick . you may get away with take on the government , but you will never get away with take we on . - sauvage I be hip , stephano . that 's the last thing we want to do . ( a beat ) I have get to get back to my handicraft now . stephano okay . sauvage get up to rejoin he Guard . cuT to : oy y 22 33. int . antechamber ~ day '' two huge floral wreathes bear the simple legend , '' baptiste gaulois , " be carry into . the napoleon room by a crew of delivery man , as the wreathes pass , they reveal three man wait entrance to baptiste 's room : Nick contrini , indecorously wear a sport coat and slack , and he two bodyguard , tony and salvatore , ti-pierre , stand at the door to the napoleon room , nodd and contrini come forward . he frisk the italian and let he into the room . the other wait in the antechamber . '' CUT to : int . marat room ~ day James reno be sit at he oversize art nouveau desk when ti-pierre knock and walk in . . ti- pierre contrini be here . reno stand and contrini walk in with he bodyguard . contrini hello , reno . . reno monsieur contrini . . contrini you can call I Nick now , Jim . reno no , monsieur , I always respect authority . contrini I have to pay my respects to baptiste , he be a great man . he be montreal . : reno get to the point , monsieur contrini . contrini I be not here to start trouble , reno , I want peace . that be a horrible thing what happen to baptiste . ( more ) : ( continued ) continued : contrini ( cout'pd ) as soon as I hear I toid my vest man to find they scum what do it as soon as possible . well , we find they bastard . they be cool off up near trois rivere . " twas riverese , " be what contrini have say . as usual , he mispronounce whatever little french pass through he lip . no one know whether he be just act dumb or have tctal contempt for everything french . contrini the old man 's bodyguard be in on it , he 's zap already . I get the other two with I . they think they could gain my favor by do such a thing . contrini motion to he bodyguard who exite momentarily and return drag the limp body of two young men . both have be beat , drugge and torture . one appear to be already dead , the other be unconscious . contrini tony . - tony slap the face of the semi-conscious young man , hold up he face . for a moment it appear as if the young man would regain consciousness , but then he head slump back to he chest . : contrini shit . he be conscious when we | bring he in here . contrini reach in he coat pocket and pull out a batter black wallet . contrini well , anyways we know they be the one what do it cause they finally confess and we find baptiste 's wallet on they . they would spend all the money of course . he hand reno the wallet . contrini do not necessarily expect reno to believe this little show , and likewise reno do not feel require to do so . it be just a polite formality . . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) . contrini what do you want . do with they ? reno . - ( sigh to himself ) tees well , that one 's dead already ... ( point ) and I think the other 's a goner , too . . tony lift up the head of the first young man and feel he pulse . tony that 's right , boss . he 's dead . . contrini it be justice . the least I could do for a old friend like baotiste . ' reno be silent as the body of the Young Men be carry out . it have be a impressive , if somewhat crude , display . reno walk from behind he desk . reno merci , monsieur contrini . I also have a present for you . reno walk over to ti-pierre , ti-pierre withdraw a small bundle of cloth from he pocket and hand it to reno . reno carry the cloth to contrini and hand it to he . contrini accept the cloth and slowly begin to unfold it . his face go white -- but only momentarily -- when he saw what be inside the cloth . . in the cloth laid a cluster of bloody white tooth . contrini refold the cloth and place it in he pocket . ponder this a moment , he say to reno : contrini my daughter like that feller a lot . reno I hear that . contrini you be a hard man , James reno . ( continued ) 22 23 continued : '' ( 3 ) reno * prom you , monsieur contrini , that 's a compliment . tony , seethe with anger , step beside he boss . he have evidently know the poor soul whose tooth now rest in contrini 's pocket . he speak contemptuously to reno : tony who do you think ycu be ? reno ( restrain anger ) do not you talk to I in that tone of voice , you goddamn greasy italian punk . you be a disgrace to this house , this room . get out of here . you put one foot back in this house and I will tear you tooth out myself . ' contrini ( to tony ) andatevene ! tony , cow , retreat to the rear of the room and exite . contrini you get this guy , you know , straight off the boat and sometimes they act like that . 7 reno I understand . contrini I be sure the gaulois family will be in good hand . contrini turn and walk out of the marat room . CUT to : int , corridor - day tony and salvatore be wait for contrini . they join rank and walk down the corridor together . down the hall they see Jean-Louis walk toward they . contrini choose to ignore Jean-Louis , but Jean-Louis be in no mood to do likewise . ( continued ) '' ' 23 2k continued : setting back on he heel , he wait for contrini to approach and say : jean-louis ( egging he ) saw you picture in the paper the other day , Nick . ( beat ) burnt all the copy I could find . Jean-Louis be ready to launch , fist fly , into tony and salvatore , but contrini continue to ignore hin . as contrini pass Jean-Louis , however , he say cut of the side of he mouth : contrini eat shit , scum-bag . int . marat room -: day reno and ti-pierre be talk when Jean-Louis walk into the marat room . . : jean-louis you do not believe the crap that guy tell you , do you ? reno no . ti- pierre what be we go to do ? reno contrini obviously want some time . he 's get some dim - witted scheme . I do not know what it be but he earn a little time this morning . let 's wait and see what he 's get plan . . ( a beat ) do not worry , I know all about contrini . he 's get a big dollar sign where most feller have a heart . jean-louise now much of this can you take ? ( continued ) a4 continued : reno ( mock challenging ) how much can you dish out ? Jean-Louis and reno jokingly square off at each other and laugh like a pair of schoolboy . sore - CUT to : 25 int . contrini' limousine - day contrini , tony and salvatore sit in the expansive back seat of contrini 's black cadiljsc limousine . tony the american 's tougher than you think , huh , boss ? 1 contrini ' I néver underestimate James reno. 1 ( a beat ) but ' I do not overestimate he either . oe tony ct huh ? contrini people say a lot of thing about the american . I sometimes say they . but : whatever anybody say , remember this : James reno be above all a loyalist and a true soldier . when the time come , he will obey order . cuT to : 26 int , jean - louis ' home - afternoon Jean-Louis sit in the den of he St - Michel home watch the Sunday afternoon CFL football game on Radio - canadien , montreal be play Vancouver ; the broadcast be in rench . jean-oliver be play on the floor while Suzanne and francoise sit on the sofa and talk . it be a picture of domesticity . . _ francoise be ( to Jean-Louis ) a Jim want to know why you do not come to church ? ( continued ) pe 26 continued : . jean -louis comment ? : : francoise , teasing , speak up : : francoise 8 Jim say , ' why do not you go to church ?! . jean -louis calice ! that brother of mine . nobody go to church anymore . tt must be like a mausoleum . francoise well , I never say anything that be alive in there . '' jean-louis I will never understand he . . the doorbell rang . jean-louis ( get up ) I will get it . Jean-Louis walk into the live room and open the door . two uniformed policemen be wait for he . " first policeman Jean-Louis gaulois ? jean-louis oui ? first policeman we have a warrant for you arrest . : jean-louis what for ? first policeman seditious libel against the government , section 60 , article 2 of the War measure Act , invoke . October 15 , 1970 , by order of the cabinet . . he take out handcuffs . ( continued ) 26 no 's : ) .. } cr bos continued : ( 2 ) Suzanne and francoise , hearing the commotion , come into the room , - jean - louis " seditious libel ? 's I have get nothing to do with politics . I be a businessman . first policeman we be not prepare to discuss the charge with you at this time . put out you hand please . the first policeman attempt to cuff Jean-Louis but he rip the cuff from the officer 's hand and throw they across the room . they crash against the far wall and clatter to the floor , the police officer immediately pull they gun . second policeman . all right , frenchie , you be come with we one way or another . how do you want it ? suzanne ( plead ) it 's just a temporary thing , Jean-Louis . do not put up a fight . please ! Jean-Louis relaxed he hand and hold they out for the officer , the second policeman cuffed he . jean -louis you would think a person would live in a country where they could not suspend the constitution every damn time they feel like it . " Suzanne attempt to kiss Jean-Louis farewell but the second policeman pull he away before they lip could meet . second policeman come on , you cocksuckin' frenchie . Jean-Louis look apologetically back at Suzanne as he be take cut the door . : cuT to : 27 cy ine . louis xiv room = daz the Louis xiv room iive up to its name . from the moment one step into the great hali he feel he be be envelop by the past . every table , commode and console be weight down with ornate rocaiile gilt bronze . the high wall be inlaid with broisery ( panele ) with foliate border and large carve frame mirror . a full - length oi ] portrait of Louis xiv hang on the far wall . a blue woven carpet with a fleur- de- iy design cover the floor , and crystal chandelier hang from the ceiling on golden chain . if it be not for the somber man in black suit sit around the long table , one might have think he be in versaille itself . approximately ten man be seat around the long carve mahogany table . James . reno , Jean gaulois , Jacques gircux and Alain giroux sit at the far end ; the other man be of lesser importance . . ' Jean gaulois : stand to speak : i jean baptiste be near death . he 's select James reno to assume control . I assume that be all right with everyone here . Jean call off the name of the second echélon clan member . . jean we yves , Claude , Jean - Marie , Noel , réne , Roger , Georges ? each in turn silently assent . jean bon. ( to reno ) patron . Jean sit , but reno do not take he cue and stand . remain~ - ing seat , reno speak soberly : reno merci . it 's a honor . I can not accept , however . I must refuse the position . the other be stunne by this abrupt turnabout in event , ( continued ) qo ee 27 continued : : jean . Jim ? pourquoi ? there be a sad most nostalgic tone in he voice : - reno the gauloise have always be a breat canadien family ; we be perhaps the last canadien family . the wop , the yank , the yid be all try to squeeze we out , this be a family struggle , it 's a racial struggle . ( a beat ) the reason I can not succeed baptiste be simple . you all know it . you be just too polite to mention it . I be not corsican . I be not french . I be not canadien . I be not québecois . I be not gaulcis . I be american . ' he ' spit from the side of he : mouth at the word '' american . '' reno I be the adopt son . I can not let the gauloise fall into the hand of a american . alain sim ! ( interrupt ) m! : jean stop this stupid talk immediately . you can not refuse . c'est defendu . reno I be a simple man , Jean . I do not want to lead this family , I do not want to run its business . ever since I be as high as this table I be bring up to be a faithful soldier , and that be all I want to be . I will serve without question . jacque please reconsider . reno the gauloise must remain québecois , . o~ I be steadfast . cr ( continued ) 43 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) C sacque er what do you suggest ? reno there 's someone far better , the rightful leader : Jean -louis , jacque ( think a moment ) that be impossible . . reno why ? : jacque he 's in prison . . * reno he will be out in three month . jean you know why , reno. ( point to head ) Il es fou . Le factieux . he want to fight all the time . he 's be cr in trouble all he life . even baptiste could not approve . reno . he will accept responsibility . he 's a strong man , : Zz jacque oo thing be different now . we use to fight , but we can not afford to anymore . we have get to operate in a businesslike manner . we need a cool - head negotiator , a financier , but not a ideologue . . reno but he 's the son . . jacque . but how do he make decision from . inside St -vincent ? this be not the first time jean-lcuis 's be in jail , it will not be the last . = reno ( ( to other ) ~ : will n- one stand up for my brother ? ( continued ) 27 continued : ( 3 ) there be no reply . jean we have to make a decision . I be too old and sick . Jacques have too many enemy , include , person in this room , for certain past indiscretion , jacque the logical choice be Alain . jean I agree . reno but that be not right . : | sean then withdraw you refusal ! . reno look at the table . Jean check the silent row of mobster . there be no objection . reno alaint a good man . he 's talented , but he do not have enough experience . jacque you prefer jean~louis ' experience ? : reno he be baptiste ' 's son , : jacque it 's decide . Jean and Jacques stand up and walk from the great hall . the other dutifully follow , leave Alain and reno alone in the room . Alain walk over to reno . alain Jim . I will be a good patron . trust I . ( a beat ) May I have you support ? Alain extend he hand and reno kiss it . ( continued ) et " 28 continued : ( 4 ) , . - reno oui , patron , ' CUT to : int . jean - louis 's kitchen - vay reno sit , Jean -oliver on he knee , talk to Suzanne a she do the dish . reno I do my best , Suzanne . they just do not want he . suzanne ( turn around ) I bet you never think for a minute that I would be happier if it turn out this way ? reno : ( puzzle ) happy ? suzanne happy . now that baptiste be near-dead and Jean-Louis have be pass over , maybe he will just give the whole thing up . reno ( upset ) . Suzanne , how can you say that ? the gauloise need he -- even if they do not know it . suzanne it never occur to you that I would rather have a husband who be not always get haul off by the cop , whose child be not afraid he daddy would never come home again , who be in home in bed at night ' instead of run around with a gun . that be what be call ° life 's little pleasure . you do not believe in life 's little pleasure , do you , jimny ? reno 1 believe in tem enough . ( continued ) C be ~ 28 29 30 continued : suzanne how do anyone get through to you ? how do francoise put up with you ? do she know what she 's marry ing ? run ~ reno francoise understand . : suzanne how can she ? reno shook he head , think , '' crazy woman . " CUT to : int . corridor - night reno , he suit wrinkle , walk in measure step down the darken corridor . a eerie mood hang in the air , and in the reflect light the fragonard and watteaus seem more ghostly than pastoral . deep in think , reno pause in the antechamber and look into the napoleon room where baptiste lie . cuT to : flashback reno must have be nine then , Jean-Louis be about five . the rain have drive they inside and they be play in the louis xiv room . reno have cut up cardboard box and milk carton , tie they to he torso , arm and leg . a stick in he hand , reno strutte toward he brother like a robot . catch up with he young brother , reno begin vo pumnel he ruthlessly with the stick and he fist . Jean -louis be soon lie on the floor , cry and scream for help . jean-louis ( age 5 ) mommy ! daddy ! mommy ! daddy ! baptiste , wear a wide lapel thirties suit , strode into the Louis xiv room . he be distract by business , but not distract enough to neglect he son . ( continued ) 30 , oo wom 31 in C continued : baptiste ( restrain reno ) Jimmy ! Jimmy ! halte ! stop that imnediately . oy . Jimmy reluctantly stop clubbing he defenseless brother . baptiste what be you do ? reno ( age 9 ) we be play David and goliath . . baptiste eh ? : . reno ( age 9 ) we be play David and goliath . ee baptiste . and which be you ? '. " reno ( age 9 ) I be goliath . Jean-Louis have stop cry and be cling to he father 's pant leg . comfort Jean-Louis with one hand , baptiste remove the stick from Jimmy 's hand with the other . baptiste look , Jimmy , I know you be bigger than you brother , but David be . - suppose to win , you can just beat he up cause you be bigger . there be rule , you know . Jimmy reluctantly give up he stick . : cut to : int . napoleon room - night reno stand in the semi-darkness , watch the battery of humming machine which be keep he father alive . the green and blue dial punctuate the darkness . reno walk silently to the edge of baptiste 's bed . after a moment , he speak to the unconscious man as one would to a tombstone : ( continued ) c cc 31 by : . reno bonjour , papa . you be a tough old son of a buck , be not you ? . ( a beat ) oe I be go to get marry . finally . ~~ francoise . keep it in the family . to reno 's surprise , baptiste 's hand slowly move up and down -- he be awake . reno look into the old man' eye . after a great effort , they seem to open and close , : reno I hope you be not in too much pain . ( a beat ) I have to turn it down . I be not a true gaulois . I be not the heir . baptiste move he hand from side to side . no . 's reno I come to ask you bless , papa . baptiste 's hand again move from side to side . reno Father , please give I you bless . baptiste continue to protest . ' reno 's voice crack with emotion as he fall to he knee at he father 's bedside : : reno please , father , I can not live without you favor . summon he remain strength , baptiste again shook he hand from side to side . in desperation , reno take he father 's hand and physically halt he father 's protest . like esau to issac , he plead on : reno no , papa . I demand you bless . I will not leave this room without it . e reno slowly force he father 's hand up and down . then , release baptiste 's hand , he tentatively await he father 's reaction . ( continued ) 32 33 49 . continued : ( 2 ) the old man 's hand be still for a moment , then slowly move up and down . yes . reno sink he for : head to the side of the bed and wept '' - the dry tear of relief and exhaustion . baptiste 's hand collapse . he be dead . curt to : ext . st- vincent compound = day a unsorted collection of revolutionary , newspapermen , professor , intellectual , common criminal and just plein scared citizen sit in the open air compound of St - Vincent de Paul penitentiary . they do not seem to have any super - vision or purpose ; some wear only partial uniform ( a shortage due to a sharp rise in the prison population ) . most be involved in the self - absorbtive task which make confinement tolerable : clean fingernails , draw pattern in the dust and so forth . Paul sauvage , deeply involved in a discussion , sit at the head of the row ; the middle of the row be occupy by a series of more dispirite and nonconformist type ; and at the end of the row , alone , sit a thirtiesh french gangster , piss off as much by the fact that he have the associate with such ragamuffin good - for-nothings as by the fact he be in prison . Jean-Louis look disdainfully from side to side , then back at he shoelace . '' cur to : int . st- vincent cell block - day the motley line of prisoner routinely file toward they cell . Paul sauvage , stand toward the end of the line , whisper something to Jean-Louis , who stand ahead of hin . Jean -louis nodd and shuffle forward . when Jean-Louis reach the door , the guard stretch he arm across the open , indicate that he should take the adjoin corridor . Jean -louis turn and trod toward it . he be follow by sauvage and three burly prisoner . in the adjoining cell block , Jean -louis trudge rotely down the long corridor toward the close door at the opposite end . ( continued ) 33 continued : as jean-louls and Paul walk past the overcrowded cell , the prisoner walk one by one to they bar . they face be fill with anticipation , this be hard - . core inmate , oy Jean-Louis immediately sense something be wrong , but do not show it , Paul be stare at he foot as he walk . Jean-Louis halt and step back alongside sauvage . jean-louis I will bet you ten dollar , sauvage , that that door ahead or we be lock . sauvage how do you know ? | jean-louis I have be here before , 's sauvage what do you mean ? Jean-Louis slowly unbuttone he shirt , revealing a tong sharp piece of roughhewn steel , jean-louis just remember : when it start , go for the foot , stay away from the bar . sauvage heard the cell block door slamming . behind then , follow by rustling sound from the man in cage , the first of the three burly fag fcllowing Paul and jean~louis slowly unzip he pants zipper , reach into he crotch and pull out a long home - make knife , a act which evoke appreciative " ohs " and " ahs " from the eager spectator . the second fag slip a hand ~ fashioned club from under he shirt . the third pull another knife . fear cross Paul 's face like a dark cloud : sauvage ( to Jean-Louis ) tapettes ! Jean-Louis maintain he cool , walk slowly and wait for the fag to make they move , . ( continued ) aon , urn laughter . 33 continued : ( 2 ) second fag ( call out ) hey , honey . anticipatory gigey and laushter echoed off the ' cinder block wall . the game have vegun . jean-louis . {to sauvage ) . the warden will call this a ' prison quarrel . ' . . first pag I want that little french crumpet on the leave . the one with the rosy cheek . . by now the prisoner be hoot and cheer every state - ment , thumping the bar with they hand . third fag I , I will take baby Ruth . laughter . second fag I will settle for some of that french stuff . . , the second fag unbuckle he belt and pull bis zipper . hoot , exclamation . laughter . i the fag walk on they tiptoe , juice by thought of the pleasure which await they . all around they , leer - ing face peer from they cage with grotesque antici - pation . sauvage be shaking with fear by the time he and Jean-Louis approach the end of the corridor . the fag close in , sauvage , panic , make a dash for the close door . Jean-Louis pull the sharpen piece of steel from he walst , put it in he tooth , turn and jump simultaneously . the corridor erupt in holler , cheer and squeal of delight . . ( continued ) i on 33 continued : ( 3 ) Jean-Louis ' hand catch hold of the ceiling pipe and for a moment he dangle in mid-air , beneath nis leg , Paul sauvage be vainly try to yank open the lock cell block door . neg , ~ Jean-Louis swing he body back and with a quick thrust kick the eye of the first fag with both foot . the fag scream , fall back , blood come from he eye . sauvage , remember what Jean-Louis have say , turn around and run down the center of the corridor , throw a fly tackle at the ankle of the second fag . the fag clubbed sauvage across the back as he fall . pull the blade from he tooth , Jean-Louis fall upon the second fag yell : . jean -louis Pan ! Pan ! Pan ! pan! and stab he in the lower throat , nearby prisoner reach frantically through the bar , clutching at sauvage 's arm and leg . he have to struggle to free he foot from a long skinny hand . Jean-Louis pull he blade from the dead man 's throat and look up at the third fag who be slowly retreate backwards , knife in hand . Jean-Louis stalk he while the prisoner yell obscene encouragement to both party . jean-louis ete vous tapette ? non , vous ete assassin , vous ete morte , the third fag hardly have a chance . in two quick false move Jean-Louis set he up , and with the third he dumped in and slice open he beily . holding he bust gut , the third fag fall to the floor . Jean-Louis , he shirt splatter with blood , walk back toward sauvage . the cell block quiete down . notice the first fag 's knife , Jean -louis bent down and pick it up . jean-louis there 's some nice i4ron around here . . ( continued ) 33 continued : ( 4 ) sauvage be look at the body of the first fag . he have he hand over he bloody eye and be moan in pain . Jean -louis crouch over he with he bloody blade . vey . a black prisoner near Jean-Louis yell encouragement from behind the bar : black prisoner cut off he ball , brother , cut off he ball ! . ssauvage ( to Jean-Louis ) be you go to kill he ? ' . jean -louis naturellement . eat sauvage ' he ' can not even see . in a short quick cut , Jean -louis slice the fag 's throat . Jean-Louis stand and stripped off the blood-splatter shirt . holding up he bloody knife , he turn to the Black prisoner : jean-louis all right , ' brother , ' let 's have you shirt or I will cut you . ( to another prisoner ) and yours too , the two prisoner quickly stripped off they shirt and hand they to Jean-Louis . he wipe he torso with he old shirt , grimace when he come to the place where he would be slightly cut by the third fag . jean-louis ( hold up knife to all prisoner ) anybody say anything , I will kill he . Jean-Louis select the best knife for himself , wipe it clean and tuck it into he waistband . Jean -louis put on one of the clean shirt and hand the other to sauvage . catch on , sauvage exchange he bloody shirt for a clean one . : straighten he shirt , Jean -louis walk toward the door , Paul sauvage hasten to follow he . ( continucd ) 33 C ~~ 34 C , * J : | rm continued : | ( 5 ) as they exite a prisoner say : prisoner voice it 's just gonna stink in here . cur to : 7 int . ST - vincent - day Jean-Louis and sauvage walk out of the cell block as calm as you please . the Guard look at they quizzically as they pass but say nothing . jean-louis Bet he never plan to see we again . Jean-Louis smile at the Guard as they walk toward the compound . CuT to : int . st- vincent compound ~ day Jean-Louis have find a inconspicuous place in the compound when Paul sauvage walk over to he . sauvage be still shaking : sauvage maudit ! I do not think they would try to kill I . : jean-louis you ? who would want to kill you ? sauvage contrini want I kill . I know ene thing . that queen be not after my butt . they be killer . jean-louis do not kid yourself , buddy . they be not after you . they be after I . sauvage you ? why would anybody want to kill you ? if you die , they would just get another lug to replace you . ( continued ) 35 ) ) CO continued : jean-louis shit . that 's what you think , I know it be for I . why would anybody waste they time try to . .: kill a crackpot like you ? lote loe sauvage I be tell you , the mob want to get I . stephano magliano come here to see I . contrini think we take some dope of theirs , jean-louis ( smile ) shit . I can prove it be I they be after , not you . how long have you be in here , Paul ? four month ? sauvage nodd , ' wl jean -louis in that four month have you ever take a pill from the infirmary , have a shot or a vaccination , eat ' food which come as a gift , stand in a crowd of people with you back expose , talk with someone you do not know ? sauvage oui . wl jean -louis : then if the mob want you , you would be dead already . I always use to work through the infirmary when I want somebody iced . there would be a wholesale vaccination . all the other would get the serum , my man would get the disease itself , hardly ever fail . this here fag shit , that be a desperation play -~ what they try if nothing else work . I have be here four week and I have never once do any of that thing I mention , if I go to the infirmary to get this wound dress ( gesture to wound ) I would be dead in five day . no , I 'lz make it out of here , you have get a lot to learn about prison , kid , ( continued ) 35 contenued : ( 2 ) , . sauvage who set £¢ up ? . . jean-louis I know who do it . sauvage contrini ? i jean-louis I know who set it up . . sauvage io may not know much about prison , but you do not know anything about politics , . of jean -louis what do you mean ? sauvage you do the same thing I be . can not you see that ? you want to get rid of the Americans , I want . to get rid of the Americans . Big business , big crime , it 's the same thing . : jean-louis do not give I none of that bullshit . we be not nothing alike . I be be thug . I kill people . that 's how I live . but you , you be a idealist , and that 's worse , sauvage you will come around , Jean-Louis . they do not give you no choice , ° jean - louis I will do a favor for you , Paul . just cause I be a nice guy and I like you and I have get a soft spot in my heart for the Movement . ( mock confidentially ) you -can tell you people to put out the word that you have sell the junk in question to the gauloise , and any further - discussion should be conduct with I -~ after I be release , ( continued ) 35 36 continued : ( 3 ) sauvage ( smile ) you take it all the time , do not you , you bastard ? merde . you really be something . Jean-Louis smile back . CUT to : ext . gibbey be - day spring have finally come to montreal . the tree alon rue de cote-de - neige be in bloom and cargo freig : move slowly down the glisten st-lawrence . Nick contrini and Jacques giroux be enjoy the sun at gibbey 's , a outdoor restaurant which have be ren from the 18th century youville stables in Old montrea gibbey 's be a businessman 's favorite and the a table be likewise occupy by executive out little midday sun , spring have evidently bring out the festive mood in contrini , for he have don a open-collared pink gs : and he budweiser sportcoat . Jacques prefer the more somber tone of the gauloise family . _ contrini you think you can handle Jean-Louis ? : . jacque reno can handle hin . contrini I miss my chance . now I get to deal with he , contrini pick up the luncheon bill and examine it . sense something amiss , he take out he pocket calculator and begin tip-tapping the figure on the button , jacque that 's not my fault . you fellow langlois screw that . contrini flubbed the calculation , take a drink of Bud -- weiser and start over again . and again . ( continued ) cr 36 37 continued ; contrini can I help it the government 's run by incompetent ? jacque thank God . contrini you go to have to deliver with Jean-Louis , you know . buffalo will not wait much longer . . jacque do not worry . contrini yeah , if you have not challenge baptiste two year ago you would not be in this fix . youta be in charge now . ' ue : jacque Alain 's a good boy . contrini instead we have to go through this picky~picky shit . contrini give up on he calculator and tuck it back into he pocket , . jacque it 's better than a gang war . contrini I kinda like that old gang war . jacque '' ( resign ) oui. you and Jean-Louis . CUT to : ext . ST - vincent - day the temporary War measure Act expire April 30 , 1971 , and the prison be require to disgorge all they illegally hold prisoner , at St - Vincent de Paul the unlucky victim step uneasily out into the sunlight , ( continued ) 37 38 Jean-Louis spot ti-pierre and embrace he . ~ continued : '' Jean-Louis seem to have thrive on prison life ; he - body be lean and tough , he mind keen and alert . reno 's citroen be park a short distance away . he stand thirty yard in front of the car , and ti-pierre be several pace behind he . Jean-Louis ' face open up with a smile as he see he brother and walk toward he . they share a enthusiastic embrace . , jean-louis dim , , reno Jean-Louis . you make it again . . jean -louis oui. 4 jean-louis you be look good , too , ti-pierre . ti~ pierre patron , jean-louis : ( look around ) where be everybody ? . reno : oh , a lot have happen . I will tell you later . but first thing first . reno lead he brother to the citroen where Suzanne and Jean - Oliver step out to greet he . they passionately exchange kiss and hug . cut to ; int . chez paris - night the house light go down in chez Paris , a exclusive down.own nightclub , the blue light come up and out step francoise gauloise , exquisitely dress in a full - length red satin gown with trail of red feather . ( continued ) lf '' N , os 38 continued : the normally staid audience burst into a chorus of applause and whistle . francoise pick up the micro ~ phone and slip into a sultry love ballad . the crowd fall into a awe - fill silence and she continue she . song . . not soat around a prominently place table be James reno , jean-louise and Suzanne , all dress in formal attire . reno and Jean-Louis devoure francoise with they eye , applaud wildly at the slight pretext . as francoise sang , a steady stream of gaulois mobster , great and small , walk over to Jean-Louis ' table and welcome he back . ' the smaller the gangster , the great he respect for Jean-Louis . francoise conclude she scng , set down the microphone ' and stroll through the applause to Jean-Louis ! table , she kiss reno and Sat down . he beam like a@ proud father . . francoise it 's just like old time . jean-louis it be old time . a bearded presence walk over to the table . Paul sauvage be wear a tuxedo and a embarress shit - eat grin . . . jean -louis Paul ! you come ! they shook hand warmly , sealing the friendship they have first make in St - Vincent prison , jean-louis where do you Bet a tux ? sauvage . ( embarrassed ) I steal it . jean - louis ( to reno ) Jimmy , you know Paul sauvage , do not you ? reno do not approve of Jean-Louis ' new friend . in fact , he do not approve of any form cf disloyalty or anarchy , and sauvage represent both to he , : ( continued ) 38 os yo 61 . continued : ( 2 ) reno I can not help but notice he in the papers . comment allez-vous , monsicur sauvage ? sauvage Bien , monsieur reno . jean-louis ( continue the introduction ) and Suzanne , mon femme , and of course , francoise giroux . sauvage shook Suzanne 's hand , turn to francoise : sauvage it 's for you I wear the tuxedo , Mademoiselle . every man in montreal be proud to call you quebecois , . he kiss she politely on the cheek ; francoise , flat ~ tere , kiss he politely in return . reno study this turn of event . , francoise every quebecois be proud *of you also , sauvage . reno ( interrupt ) thank you for honore we , monsieur sauvage . drink on we for you and you party . deux fois . sauvage thank reno , bid he farewell and return to he table . - reno ( to Jean-Louis ) he be a dangerous man to know , Jean-Louis . the police watch he every step . he 's a anarchist . : jean -louis bah . he 's a 600d fellow . lett talk about something else . whenis the wedding ? francoise ( smile ) we be wait for you . we want you to be best man , ( continued ) 38 - ' be a gaulois club continued : ( 3 ) not ~ reno I be suppose to ask that . will you ? we be think of St - Jean - baptiste Day , after the parade . Suzanne wiil be the bride 's maid . — ey can you make it ? : ce jean-louis nothing could keep I away . . francoise formidable ! '' reno it will be a great day . francoise ( excuse herself ) excusez-moi . think I owe this people another song . kiss reno , he watch she 4 francoise sot up and head for the stage , every step of the way . cur to : int . restroom ~ night later that evening , reno and Jean-Louis stood side by side at the washbasin in chez Paris ! plushly decorate restroom , . two italian thug walk through the re in animated italian , Jean -louis eye th troom speak as they pass . when they have leave the en suspiciously room , he speak : jean-louis ( wiping he hand ) Jim , since when do we let this wop into chez Paris ? this have always - why do we let this mafia bum in ? reno that 's one of the thin . talk about . Alain a merge we smugglin contrini 's , we run a Joint operation now both to New York and Detroit . 4 combine gaulois -burffalo operation . it lessen the risk , bs we have to no Jacques nave & Operations with ( continued ) 39 4o 63. continued : jean-louls quel ? you know that be the one thing baptiste be always against . he say the aay a quebecois merge . | with a american be the day he become a errand boy . reno I know . I be against it on principle alone . but Jacques and Alain control thing now and they think coexistence be a smarter policy -- at least at this level . it make we a lot more money . . jean -louis what about uncle Jean ? do not he have any say anymore ? reno ' ever since he stroke he 's pretty out of it . he have not take a active interest in this . he just go along . he 's really the sleeper now . ( pause ) but it will be different now that you be back . we will work together . jean-louis oui . but first let 's enjoy tonight . Jean-Louis smile and put he arm around he brother 's shoulder as they walk to the door together . cur to : int . corridor ~ day James reno walk down the corridor with a dark - suite member of the gaulois clan . they match they step in even stride . as they approach the Louis xiv room they could hear Jacques ' voice : CUT to : int . louis xiv room - day reno and the clan member walk into the great hall . ( continued ) cr 4y os . continued : Jean-Louis and Jacques be stand oy the table . Jean , Alain and two other clan member be seat nearby . on a stand behind Jacques be a detailed street map of montreal . dee jacque this be just the kind of shit I tell they you would pull , Jean-Louis . irra ... reno ( walk in ) what kind of shit ? jacque ++. tional behavoir . : jean-louis you know what kind of shit . this . snake~in- the-grass kind of shit . wait until I be go and put ainigger King on the throne . reno ( disapprove ) we already go over this , Jean-Louis . : jean -louis reno should be in control . jean ( tolerantly ) but he refuse the offer . jean-louis he have no right to do that . you have no right to let he . - reno please , Jean-Louis . jean-louis if you covld not change reno 's mind , then I be the next in line . jacque irrational behavoir . reno you will have to forgive Jean-Louis . he 's still upset because of the _ prison time . ( continued ) al continued : ( 2 ) _ there be . a slight pause before Alain turn to Jean-Louis : as 5 sy . alain please continue , Jean-Louis . . jean -louis I of ( turn to Alain ) . : you be a disgrace . you have allow yourself to become a puppet and a usurper . : jacque maudit ! this be intolerable . jean-louis ( yell ) why be not I protect in prison ? : jean ( plead ) Jean-Louis , please . . _ jacque I demand a apology . Jean-Louis pull out he .45 automatic and dramatically C '' slam it against the table top : r~ jean-louis that be my apology . reno , . ( under he breath ) : ' Jesus Christ . . this be too much for the other to take ; they immedi - ately stand and file out cf the room . Jean-Louis be leave alone without anyone to talk to . reno slunk to a chair and sink he head into he hand . cur to : he ext . montreal botanical garden - morning James reno and Alain giroux stroll through the world famoss botanical garden in maisonneuve Park , spring flower be in bloom all about they . alain I be not go to let this thing C with Jean-Louis interfere with . the wedding . ( more ) ( continued ) 4a continued : - alain ( cont 'd ) t . I could not be happier for you and th . / francoise . reno that 's what I want to talk about . alain y the wedding ? reno no. Jean-Louis . ) ) alain '' what can you say ? - reno you know this be not right . Jean -louis can not become alienate from the family . if he apologize , will you forgive 's he ? ) alain ' that 's a large request . reno ) . I and ask it . os ) alain ( think ) who have contrinit shipment ? reno Jean-Louis . alain then that must be the condition , contrini have make a offer to split the revenue if we will use it to inaugurate we new joint route . for think that 's a very generous offer , consider the fact that it all belong to he in the first place . reno can not we use it to some other advantage ? . alain look , Jim , I know we be of different generation , but there 's one truth cy we both know : we can not fight the C italian . : : ( more ) ( continued ) ha 's 43 View continued : ( 2 ) alain ( cont 'd ) right now the town 's fill up with mafia thug from buffalo , Los Angeles , Detroit , Kansas City just walting for we to invite a fight . the only : solution be peaceful coexistence . we have to make it more profitable for they to do business with we than against we . I realize this entail . great risk . I realize contrini may have other plan . but it be we only course . ( a beat ) I sympathize with Jean-Louis , but I will not yield to he . the reason , Jim , be that I feel , right or wrong , that only I have the acumen and knowledge of contrini 's financial situation to 's make a deal that burfalo will accept over he head .* and therefore allow we to exist independently . we can not be a superpower anymore , reno , but we can exist like Yugoslavia , proud , independent . ( a beat ) we can , that be , if you will stand by I . reno will you forgive Jean-Louis ? alain . there 's nothing I would rather do . if he would only let I . . reno . I will arrange it . merci , patron . cur to : ext . downtown montreal — day no North american city , not even New York , have a more concentrate entertainment district than montreal . in the six square block area bound by dorchester , De maisonneuve , Bishop and drummond there be dozen of club , bar , restaurant and nightspot . this club , mostly mob-own , serve not only as regular meeting place for underworld figure , but also for student , politician , businessman , tv personality , artist and revolutionary . ( continued ) 43 continued : * oo . thus it be possible , on any give day , for any of montreal 's diverse element to meet in this area . flq member might be discuss politics in the bar next to the restaurant where businessman be plan a merger , and so on . : deen reno and Jean-Louis have just finish lunch at a De maisonneuve cafe when they cut across . the street on they way to chez Paris . ss : reno it 's not impossible , Jean-Louis . jean-louts what do you want I to do , crawl like a snake ? he imitate a crawl snake . . reno . be you above apology ? : jean-louis non , mais ... regardez . sauvage . for ~ - walk down Mountain , Jean-Louis spot Paul sauvage a and two companion sit at a sidewalk cafe . -. Jean - Louis immediately walk over and reno reluctantly follow . the club 's clientele consist almost ex - clusively of student and cafe radical . . jean -louis sauvage . sauvage hoy , Jean-Louis . ( to he companion ) this be the guy I be tell you about . : jean-louis the guy that run this place be a real Brown - shirter , watch - out . reno politely nodd to sauvage and pull Jean-Louis away from the table and head he back down the side - wall , Jean -louis wave goodbye , jean-louis au revoir , sauvage . ( continued ) ne oe ee — '' ey 43 continued : ( 2 ) reno can not you stay on the point ? jean-louis . what point ? tit reno do not you want to make peace with the other ? jean-louis we could just take over , Jim , you and I . throw that buna contrini on he ass . reno we be not raise that way . we be part of a group . ( see something ahead ) '' speak of the devil . across the corner on Bishop , Nick contrini , follow by stephano , get into he long b lack cadillac limousine . jean-louis celle grenne . what 's he up to ? reno there 's you answer . regardez . after contrini 's car have pull awa : remi langlois emerge from the same assistant . y from the curb , restaurant with he reno langlois . I bet contrini be still sweating he ass . jean-louis he deserve it . reno and Jean-Louis pass in front of langlois : : reno bonjour , l'inspecteur . Jean-Louis nodd and they keep walk down bl shop . his mind elsewhere , langlois look puzzle and make @ polite smile . ( continued ) 43 . 79 . continued : ( 3 ) reno and Jean-Louis angle across Bishop toward the corner of ste-catherin + ' turn the corner , they cut they way through a bevy of businessman , student and secretaries . . jean - louis shit , we should cut over to drummond and see the Mayor then we could call it a day . reno do you want to come back with we or not , Jean-Louis ? jean-louis I do , jim. honest . [ I really do . : reno then make a effort . * jean -louis what can I do ? reno Alain will come half way to meet you . you have to come the other half . let I give . they the junk you take from contrini . jean -louis ( contemptuous ly ) that nigger . reno turn and shook he brother by the shoulder : . reno damn it , jean-lovis , when will you accept some responsibility ? have some faith in I and Alain . after all , he be patron . jf swear to you he will not let you down , ( a beat ) do not you have any faith in I ? jean-louis ( cow ) I have faith in you , Jim . reno and Jean-Louis resume walk down ste-catherine . ( continued ) 43 of ( ) fi . continued : | ( 4 ) reno . we can not take the hard line anymore , Jean-Louis . Alain 's make a good accommodation to get we off the . hook . we get half the money on the stuff you return have a little faith in we . : : jean-louis . I ’want to , Jim . I want to be back in the family again . : reno I know you do , Jean-Louis . they turn the corner and walk up Crescent . just ahead of they be the chez Paris and a large poster of francoise in she red satin gown . jean -louis ' will the dope do it ? reno yes . jean-louis d'accord . it 's a deal . °* : reno fantastique . as they turn into the doorway of the chez Paris , three italian punk come out . the first one make the mistake of accidentally bump into Jean-Louis . ast italian sorry , man . jean-louis sorry ? what be you greasebalis do here in the first place ? this be a gaulois cluo . 2nd italian you can not talk to we like that .. we have every right to come here , reno ( caution ) Jean-Louis . ( continued ) 43 continued : ( 5 ) jean-louis : ' ( lose temper ) oh yeah ... wham ! Jean-Louis lob a haymaker into the jaw of the ~ second italian , send the poor son of a bitch erash against the wall . the first and third italian jumped into the : fight ; soon ail three be push , yell and slugging away . there be a final exchange of sharp blow before reno could pull they apart and haul Jean-Louis into the club . the three italian bunk walk off cursing . two be rub they jaw ; one be limping . cool he off . the bartender set a couple glass on the bar and pour both of they straight whiskey . ' bartender bonjour , monsieur reno . bonjour , Jean-Louis . ) . inside the club , reno set Jean-Louis on a bar stool and } ) Jean-Louis turn to he brother with that familiar ~~ remorseful look in he eye : jean-louis damn . I have get to watch my temper . reno , have be through this before , say nothing . : jean-louis . you will watch out for I , will not you , Jim ? do not let I fuck everything up . reno . ( hand he a whiskey ) oui . I will take care of you , Jean ~ Louis . now have a good stiff drink . ' . CUT to : 4y int . gare centrale -- afternoon Jean-Louis and ti-pierre strode through the cavernous ornate railroad station in downtown montreal . ( continued ) 44 45 73 : continued : in he hand Jean-Louis carry a cheap white vinyl suitcase with a large red canadian maple leaf on the side . they head toward a bank of locker . é ti- pierre be you sure we be do the right thing ? jean-louis of course . ti- pitrre it seem kinda stupid to steal something from somebody then turn around and give it right back to the person you steal it from . Jean-Louis select a inconspicuous locker , 's drop a quarter in the slot and open the door . i jean -louis you trust reno , do not you ? ; ti- pierre well , sure . jean -louis ( end the discussion ) okay then . Jean-Louis place the suitcase in the locker , close the door and remove the key . oo : CUT to : int . backstage chez paris - night a chorus of scantily dress folly girl quickly file into the dress room . francoise , wear a black satin bown , sit at a table double - check she makeup in the mirror . she exchange greeting with the income girl without break ner concentration . she look up when she hear one of the girl say : 1st showgirl ( teasing ) : 's look who 's here . the lucky fiance . ( continued ) ten 45 continued : * , . - 2 nd showgirl the lonely woman 's dream . James reno , wear a formal tux and embarrassed smi walk into the dress room . unlike the sleazy so one expect to find in a showgirl ' dress room , 2 be a thoroughly decorous man ( though the girl just assume he be shy ) . : he smile and nodd to the girl as he walk toward francoise . . francoise hello , darling . ' francoise kiss he . two half - dress showgirl walk beside reno and put they arm around he waist , gently tickle and teasing he . uncomfortable but flatter , he smile at francois try to maintain he cool . . 1st showgirl this be a real hunk of beef you get here , francoise . reno okay , julliene . all right . okay . ' have sufficiently unravelle reno , the girl return to they preparation for the next show . reno ( to francoise ) everything all set with you ? , francoise oui . tres bon . Alain be very worried . he say it 's something about Jean-Louis . and papa ... reno do not worry . I have straighten it all out . it 's take care of . francoise . ( smile ) bon. francoise stand up straighten she dress and give reno another kiss . which he return . cuT to : 46 int , louis xiv koom - day ' Jean -loul place the railroad locker key on the long table in the Louis xiv room . jean-louis y I think this , along with my apology to Alain , be what 's require of I . Alain , Jean , reno and the other look up toward Jean-Louis . Jacques pull the key in front.of he . alain merci , Jean-Louis . De rien . it be nothing . forget it . jacque ( hold up key ) and this ? jean -louis it fit in a locker at Gare centrale . 8 ne nee ee : jacque I be glad you finally come around , Jean-Louis . a alain om - now we can get back to business . . and there 's a lot of it . jacque now that you be back with we , Jean ~ Louis , I hope you will be able to attend we St - Jean - baptiste day inauguration banquet . jean~louis banquet ? . alain it 's really net much . jacque in honor of Alain . Don cagliaro be come up from buffalo . Nick contrini will be there . it will cement we new peaceful coexistence policy . it 's really quite a honor for we . Jean-Louis look quizzically at he brother . reno , not know anything , look quizzically back . ( continued ) h6 continued : jean-louis b sceful coexistence with honor ? i : tiste teach I the gauloise do not believe in peaceful coexistence . alain it 's nothing really , Jean-Louis . just a formality . , oome people from Toronto and détroit will be here also . jean-louis you mean to tell I that there will be italian eat in this house , in this room ? : _ alain Jean-Louis , please . he jean-louis I have be sell cut . be ( to reno ) how could you do this to I , my own brother ? get I to hand over the junk , then dring the italian into the Louis quartorze room . Jimmy ? : alain Jean-Louis ! it 's just a formality . nothing will change . let I explain , jean-louis you will explain nothing . . jacque ( stand ) , this can not go undiscipline . jean-louis . ( to Jacques ) shut - up , chouayen ! . ( point finger at Alain ) . I will teach you a thing or two about discipline , nigger . as I stand you will never live to see the banquet on St - Jean - baptiste day . ( continued ) 46 at continued : ( 2 ) the other stand stunne as Jean-Louis stermed out of the great hall . Jacques quickly pick up the locker key in front of he . cut to : . , int . jean - louis ' home - day Jean-Louis , he face flushed and determine , strode across the live room . walk into the bedroom , Jean -louis pull down a suitcase from the closet shelf and flop it on the bed . pick piecemeal from various open drawer , he throw assort toiletry and article of clothing into the suitcase . Suzanne , hearing the commotion , hurried into the live room , look at ti~pierre -- who could only shrug apologetically -- and continue toward the bedroom . . suzanne Jean-Louis ! what happen ? what be you do ? Jean-Louis pull a box out of the bottom drawer ; it contain several handgun and box of ammo . he place ' they in he suitcase . : suzanne you can not leave without tell I what happen . do not run away . where 's reno ? can not he help you ? pick up the suitcase , Jean-Louis walk into the live room . Suzanne follow . put down the suit ~ case a moment , he turn to she : : jean-louis I be go to be go for a while . I have to find someplace to cool off . they will be look for I . I will get in touch when I find someplace . . suzanne do you want I to get jean-oliver ? jean-louis I would not know what to say to he . ( continued ) 47 € rarr 48 gf se 49 po continued ; suzanne ( embrace he ) oh , Jean-Louis . jean-louis De , I love you too , darling . ( a beat ) forgive I . i¢ be not anybody 's fault . it be just one of that thing . he kiss she again , push she gently back and wal out the front door with ti-pierre , CUT to : int . gare centrale ~ pay Jacques and a Assistant rush through the near e railroad station toward the locker . the key be in Jacques ' hand . as they approach , they notice a small crowd standinx near where the locker should be . drawing close , ja saw a railroad official and a@ patrolman stand in front of Jean-Louis ' locker which have be hurriedly pry open with a crowbar . . Inside the empty locker stand a can of budweiser . CUT to : int . contrini be office - day Nick contrini take a swig from a can of budweiser and set it atop he expensive glass and chrome desk . contrini 's office occupy two suite on the 4 oth floor of one of montreal 's newest skyscraper . a long wali of window offer a panoramic view of montreal , tne st-lawrence seaway , the suburb and the field beyond . his office be coldly and impersonally decorate in the style of office everywhere . the only personal touch be a frame three - sheet poster from the godfather wnich hang on the far wall . stephano ushere a visitor into contrini 's office : Paul sauvare . wearing a Jean jacket emblazon wit : the patriote plag , sauvage saunter into the room : ( conyinued ) 49 79 . continued : . sauvage Nice dig you get here , contrini . how many people die to pay for this stuff ? : contrini not enough . spit it out . . sauvage Jean-Louis ' offer be simple : one hundred thousand dollar . he consider that a very low price but he 's willing to get youa bargain because of 131 the hassle you have be through , and because he want the money in cash in forty - eight hour . : contrini you can tell that prick to screw + himself . I do not get push around by no goddamn radical . i 1 sauvage if . I do not return with a ' yes ' answer within a hour , Jean -louis will destroy the shit . : . contrini how 's he go to do that ? sauvage well , Jean-Louis have several plan in mind . there 's one that 's my particular favorite . we think we would take that forty kilo and spread they all over the grass at pare mt-royal so all the grass would shrivel up and die and all summer long all the little child would come to the park and wonder why there be no grass on the ground and they mother would nave to say , ' there 's no grass on the ground cause some bad inen put heroin on it . ' then the reporter would come by and look at all that poor little child ana wonder , ' how do all that she - of - jn get on the grass ?! ( more ) ( continued ) 49 50 wee continued : ( 2 ) . . sauvace ( cour 'p ) '' and theyta start ask more '' question and write editorial and then suddenly inspecteur langlois ' name would come up . meanwhile , junky would be kick the habit all over the street of New York . : contrini all right , I will not squabble . let 's make the deal . ( stand ) I do not think you all - truist boy go for this sort of thing ? sauvage you know as well as I do , contrini , that if be not my people , it be not the quebecois that can afford to + buy this stuff . they have a hard enough time feed they family . no , let . New York pay the price for its own colonialism . just so it get out of this Province . contrini ( feed up with sauvage 's _. vhetoric ) where do we make the switch ? cuT to : ext . mt-royal cemetery - dusk a steady drizzle fall in montreal 's most prestigious Catholic cemetery . a dark shadow under a black um - brella make its way through the tombstone . in he hand James reno carry a bouquet . reno walk straight to a large tombstone and place he flower in the urn . baptiste gaulois ' tomb be simple but formidable . beneath baptiste 's name and date be engrave the classic dictim of abdsolutism : " un seul dieu , un seul roi , un seul loi . " reno crouch on he haunch pefore the grave a moment . hearing footstep in the distance , he cross himself and stand . . ( continued ) ' 81. 50 continued : pa Jean-Louis and ti-pierre , both wear , dark overcoat om and carry umbrella , walk through the evening . light toward the grave . they knelt at the grave , cross themeelves and stand again . all three be wilent for a moment . jean-louis ( break the silence ) how be Suzanne ? reno Fine . jean-louis and jean-oliver ? . reno he 's fine too . he want to know when he father 's come home . '' " Jean -louis nodd . reno where do you live ? to we jean -louis here and there . I move through the shadow . I have find some new friend . reno so I hear . jean -louis be there a hit out on I ? , reno not from we side . I would never allow it . . ( a beat ) I speak to Alain and Jacques for you . | jean -louis | . you have no right to do that . reno they will take you back . there —_ would be some discipline cf course . ( continued ) 50 continued : ( 2 ) - jean -louis ee discipline . do not you have any : pride any more , Jim ? do not you get sick of grovel ? reno I get more pride than you would ever know . you do not know how humiliate this be . but my pride be not in myself . it 's in what I 'ma part of . in the gauloise . . jean -louis but the gauloise be no more . they have corrupt and pollute . they no longer exist . . reno perhaps they have do wrong . : . fe jean -louis perhaps ? . reno all right , so they have do wrong . C - jean -louis then why not oppose they with I ? soe reno because I believe in loyalty , Jean-Louis . I have live my whole life for it , I will die for it . . nothing be more important than loyalty . . jean -louis what 's right be more important . loyalty which serve evil be only . more evil . which be what you be . reno you will not join I and struggle from within ? jean-louis I will destroy the gauloise single - handedly before ever accept discipline . you can serve the nigger - King . '' ( continued ) 50 continued : ( 3 ) 0 : . . reno ~ : . then you be no longer my brother . jean-louis . - nor you mine . u '' reno turn and walk away . after reno have walk about thirty yard ti-pierre drop he umbrella and van after he . . , catch up to reno , ti-pierre fall to he knee in the mud in front of reno . rainwater be drip down he face as he look up at he former boss : ti- pierre do not do this to he , patron . please . , . reno say nothing . 8 TI - pierre he can not live without you favor , patron . you must not turn you back on he . . ( ery ) cc . please , patron , we need you . do not do this to we . please forgive nim ~- he have no choice . ( pull at reno 's a pant leg ) oh , patron , patron . reno slowly raise he foot and place it . atop ti~ Pierre 's head . then he slowly force the young man 's head into the mud . tear , mud and rain flow together down ti-pierre 's face . reno step over ti-pierre 's body and continue walk . he do not look back . : Jean-Louis watch he from the distance . cur to : 51 int . reno's bedroom ~ night e francoise be lie partially nude in reno 's oversize rocaille bed watch television . the giant 25 - inch color tv screen stare out incongruously at the room 's Regency furnishings . ( continued ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) on continued : sound of running water could be heard from the bathroom , on television , radio-canadien be broadcasting a late - . night news report of . the flq trial . wuirsute separatist radical be be lead out of the courtroom in rand= cuff . that who could raise they fist in defiance for the tv cameraman . the broadcast be in french , but the message be clear in every language . francoise '' when do it all end ? reno , wear pajama bottom , walk out of the bathroom with a towel around he neck . reno when do what end ? francoise ( point ) * this . the trial , riot , martial law . reno it never end . it 's too profitable for everyone . reno watch the tv screen as he spoxe : reno the mafia let the petit-pégre sell hot gun to the radical , the flq turn around and snatch the mafia 's government connection , the police kill the connection for the mafia and blame it on the separatist . the government be reelected by a landslide , the flq get a new cause and new martyr , and the mafia do peak business because all the cop be out beat up the radical . reno sit on the bedside : reno crest simple . it perpetuate itself . nobody be satisfied with what they pot . t will all end when they destroy themselves -- and we with they . ( continued ) 51 continued : ( 2 ) francoise there 's not much hope be there ? reno .. - ( embrace she ) on ma cherie . francoise ( pull he down ) lie in bed with I . francoise stretch reno out on the bed and pull the cover over he . reno look at the ceiling for a momen : then say weakly : reno I do not think I will be adle to make love tonight . sense something wrong , francoise run she hand across reno 's torso : 1 ' : francoise what 's wrong , darling . you be tremble , darling . you be just cn shaking . . reno laid on he bed shiver as if he have the chill . francoise pull the blanket up tight around he neck . oo francoise please tell I , darling . francoise warm he body with she own . finally the word begin to tumble from he lip : . reno . I be scared , francoise . I be scared shitless . there 's no room leave for I anymore . there 's no middle ground . everything 's go wrong . the crazy people , the jacobin and the revolutionary be come from one direction ~~ they get Jean-Louis now -— and the Americans be come from the other . there 's no greund in the middle anymore . shit . what can I do ? what 's to become of people like I ? francoise cuddy he closely to she . ne t ( continued ) 51 continued : '' q3 ) . , reno ~ : _ shit. : his fright pass by he like a dark cloud . reno sink - into despair . the television chatter aimlessly on . . francoise Jim ? oo . reno oui. _- francoise you know my father do not want we to get marry on St - Jean - baptiste Day ? : reno yes ? francoise so , darling , let 's get marry right now . we do not need to wait . . . reno C . : you mean right away ? francoise as soon as we get the blood test . no church . no papa . no wedding . march . I do not want to lose you . I could live without love but never without you . : reno yes , let 's do that . yes . they embrace . cur to : 52 int . alexis nihon plaza = day the alexis nihon Plaza , a three - story shopping center , be one of the architectual marvel sparty by expo " 67 . the first deck be a street — _ level , the third deck give access to the atwater Metro terminal ; all three deck surrounded a open courtyard , subterranean ( continued ) vis 52 continued : Jean-Louis , wear work clothes and a canadian Air Force leather jacket , walk across the first deck of _ . the shopping center . in he hand hang a cheap white vinyl suitcase with a red canadian maple leaf on the side . - he pass through a sroup of long - haire youth and walk around the open square toward a large department store . . in the department store , he saunter up to the lugrage department . his casual walk be offset by he cautious , continually shifting eye . he spot a middle - aze woman , a older man , two high school punk ; none look particularly threaten . he place the vinyl suitcase on the counter and wait for the salesgirl . a pretty girl about 25 walk over , salesgirl . _ can I help you ? jean-louis oui . I buy this suitcase the other day , but it 's too large . I wonder if I could exchange it a for something smaller ? salesgirl what do you have in mind ? jean-louis I see one in the window dust like it . only smaller . I like the color . nan salesgirl I know just the one . just a moment . the salesgirl walk off . Jean -louis turn about , tapping he toe as he wait for she to return . when she do she place a smaller version of the white vinyl suitcase on the counter . salesgirl would you like to check it out ? ' jean-louis please . Jean-Louis unzip the smaller suitcase and peek ~~ inside . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) it be stack with $ 50 and $ 100 bill . meanwhile , the salesgirl peek in jean-louls ' suitcase and satisfied herself that the heroin be there . jean~louis this be just fine . I will take it as it be . salesgirl ( flirty ) do not you want it in a bag ? jean-louis it 's all right just the way it be , honey . salesgirl do you have you sale slip ? you have a credit come . '' jean - louis ifiit 's all right with you , I will just forget it . salesgirl ( flirty ) you would not want my book to come out uneven , would you ? Jean-Louis scrounge in he pocket for the sale slip and hand it to she . jean-louis no siree . I be sure that boss of yours would just love to catch you short . she fill out the credit slip and give it to Jean-Louis . salesgirl how do you know ? Jean-Louis thank she , shot she one last smile and walk off with the smaller white vinyl suitcase . strol through tne plaza , Jean -louis glance cautiously from side to side . then , without warning , threat begin to materialize from every direction . the middle - age woman , the older man , the high -school punk all move menacingly toward he . the old man reach for a bulky object inside he coat . ( continued ) 52 '' go , Jean-Louis and the motley group of itai continued : '' ( 3 ) 0 jean-louts be not without a few trick of he own . quickly change airection , he slipped throurfh the mass of long - haire youth outside a record store and head down the stair . the front entrance have already be block by two advance shadow . the woman , old man and highschcol punk all da Jean-Louis . they be join by the material shadows , one of which belong to tony , contrinit bodye Guard . Jean-Louis make it through the long-hair eas but not so he pursuer . the kid block and the italian from side to side , say thing like , " hey , man , wnat do you think you be do ? " and " Don 's push I around . " enmesh in the long-hair , tony pull out he automatic and begin clubbing they . Paul sauvage 's cafe c mpanion take a long gash across he forehead ; he '' nos start yell and scream , " Police ! " " Police ! " Jean-Louis ! friend have do they job ; he ha lead on he pursuer . he jump fron step tos suitcase bounce wildly in he hand . the italian burst through the crowd and jump the stair toward Jean-Louis . around and aro no they ns down three flight of stair toward the lower deck . astonish shopper stand in shock or scream as they pass . ' reaching the third level , Jean -louis sprint toward the Metro entrance . the italian follow . in a long graceful jump , Jean -louis hurdle the ¢urn - stile and clamber down the step toward the subway platforn . tony , gun in hand , climb over the turnstile in pursuit . the italian " woman " be not so lucky ; '' she " dress get tangle in the turnstile prong and she spra a across the floor , knock over two shopper like bowl pin in the process . . Jean-Louis dash across the subway platform for the trae : but it be too late . the door seal a etically shut and the train start to pull silently aw ( montreal 's new métro car run on pneumatic rubber tire , make they the most Silent in the world . ) ( continued ) es ~_—_— 53 continued : ( 4 ) Jean-Louis could near the italian stumbling down the stair behind he . think quickly , he jumped down onto the subway track , pull he .45 automatic from he af jacket and aim it at the recede tire of the _ Subway train . os baam ! baam ! baam ! ' the rear tire cf the last car explode under , Jean-Louis ! volley . spark . screeching noise . the Metro ground to a halt . Jean-Louis dash down the tunnel tcward the stall train . the train 's door automatically open and the frighten passenger begin poke they head out . Jean -louis slip into the darkness alongside the train and keep on run . back on the platform , transit official run about like behead chicken while shopper panicked and scream , all try to push they way to the exit simultaneously . ' the italian be catch in the mob . Jean -louis have vanish ahead ; people be stream toward they from down the track . tony tuck he gun away as the crowd hustle and jostle its way past he . CUT to : ext . montreal STREET - day a row of car pull up for the stoplight at the corner of atwater and De maisonneuve . in front of the car , a manhole pop open anc a leather - jackete man carry a white vinyl suitcase with a red maple leaf on the side climb out . Jean-Louis kick the manhole cover back into place and hail a cab . a flash patrol car drive past the cab as it pull away . CUT to : int . surveillance lookout - day Charles , James reno 's bodyguard , be hole up in the bedroom of mme . rouchefort 's St - Michel home . he be firmly entrench in a large chair in front of the win - dow , surround by a sea of paper cup , empty botty , candy wrapper and other refuse . ( continued ) 5h continued : t through the halt - open curtain not watch Jean-Louis ! _™ ~ house across the street . . mme . rouchefor 't , a upper middle - class woman of some dignity , walk into the room : Te mme . rouchefort can I get you anything , Charles ? : charle merci . no thank you , Madame rouchefort . Madame rouchefort shrugge . then , look at the mess surround Charles , she sigh and walk out . Charles continue he stakeout . look at Jean-Louis ' . home , Charles finally see what he have be wait for . ti- pier : be , drive a beat - up old station wag on , drive up in front of the ‘house . ti- Pierre get out and walk to the front door . after a moment , Suzanne and jean-oliver come out and walk with ti~pierre to the station wagon . ~ Charles quickly slip on he jacket , tie he shoe - and head for the front door . in the hallway , he wait at the front door until Suzanne and jean-oliver have get into the station wagon . . ) mme. rouchefort notice Charles at the front door : mme . rouchefort be you leave we now , monsieur Charles ? Charles open the door and walk out as ti- Pierre 's station wagon pull away from the curb . cuT to : 55 ext . jacque cartier dock ~ day the sign above Alain 's head read , " quai Jacques cartier . " he and reno be speak as they watch a freighter be unioade in the dock . in the distance tugboat scurricd up and down the seaway and the Jacques cartier Bridge span the river to the ile ste-héléne . ( continued ) reno say 55 continued : to reng . you know nething of the attempt on jean-louls ' life ? : , alain nothing . I swear it . it be not we . it be contrini . . reno can not you stop he ? alain '' how can I ? contrini put a contract on he because he 's afraid Jean-Louis will spoil the st-jean ~ baptiste Day banquet . . reno how would he do that ? : alain by kill I . . reno he would never do that . alain can you be sure ? nothing . = alain reno , let you brother take care of himself . I have get a right to protect my own life too , you know . reno answer I one question , patron , and answer I straight . . alain shoot . reno be you veing use by contrini ? or the Americans ? alain no. honest to God , Jim . I would swear it on baptiste 's grave , ( continued * 55 continued : ( 2 ) reno you father be . alain I know . but that 's the difference between we , Jim . I be not my father 's keeper . he will have to live and die and pay for he own action . my jeb be to keep the gauloise independent . and I will let nothing , not even my father , interfere with that . '' reno I believe you . . . ( a beat ) but if I find out anything different , I wiil kill you . and I will kill you father and contrini . I be still the enforcer . ' cur to : ext . ontario STREET - afternoon the area around Ontario Street and st-denis be once a exclusive frencn neighborhood , but now it be just another slum . reno 's citroen pull up before a long row of brown - stone with ornate metal stairway . reno and Charles get out , walk up a stairway and knock at the door . ti- Pierre slowly open the door , he gun only partially obscure by he jacket . reno reach out and refrain ti-pierre 's gun hand . reno let I in , ti-pierre . ( a beat ) I want to see Jean-Louis . ti- Pierre look over reno 's shoulder at reno 's citroen park at the curb . someone be sit in it . TI - pierre you gun , patron . reno you know I do not carry any . ( continued ) 56 ic i 57 o- € 58 aaa * continued : ti- Pierre let reno inside , close the door behind bim . Charles wait on the stair , CUT . to : - int . ontario STREET hideout - afternoon ti- Pierre lead reno through the ramshackle live room . a dirty patriote flag be drape over a once-discard easy chair . in the kitchen , Jean-Louis , hearing footstep , dumped up from the table with a start . be gun be poise in he hand . Suzanne , frighten , hold Jean -oliver tightly . she look frail and pallid , as if the last week he be year . reno walk into the room , follow by ti-pierre , . ' ae reno put down the gun , Jean-Louis . Jean-Louis lower the gun half mast . : reno . bonjour Suzanne , jean-oliver . Suzanne smile wanly . reno turn back toward he brother and gesture toward the wait car : reno francoise be in the car . ( smile broadly ) we would like to get marry . Jean-Louis return the smile . cut to : int . municipal judge - late afternoon reno , francoise , Jean-Louis and Suzanne stand in a formal row before the municipal judge . ti- Pierre and Charles stood respectfully to the rear . Jean-Louis wear jeans and a plaid shirt , Suzanne , a simple skirt and sweater . reno and francoise be dress more formally ; he in a black suit and tic , she in a red pants suit . a scratchy marital record played in the b.g . ( continuel ) 95 . po . 58 continued ; . C " they stand silently as the judge read the civil ceremony | he in french . when the appropriate moment come , reno and oo francoise Said , " je fais " and exchange ring and kiss , the judge hustle out he Polaroid and reno and francoise kiss again for he . sixty second later a official wedding photo appear . the member of the wedding Party exchange congratulatory kiss . ) : reno and francoise seem very happy . . francoise - let 's all 60 out and celebrate ! jean -louis I know where we can go , cur to : . ' 59 int . country and western bar - early evening Jean-Louis , Suzanne , francoise , reno , ti-pierre and Charles walk en mass into " Le Arizona bar , " a small country and western club in North montreal . wy : sn '' a half dozen or so customer , barely on the threshold : of existence , hang along the bar . . toward the rear be a stage with instrument but no musician . the musician be seat around a nearby table drink beer and play gin rummy they wear oversize western suit that look like they have be throw out by hank snow in 1953 . Jean -louis call the bartender over : jean -louis you be close down for the night . bartender huh ? jean -louis oui . we be buy you out . rené produce a wad of bill , beel several of they | off and place they on the bar , . reno . ( call out ) 3 - drink on the house ! : . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 eo oo™n continued : reno ( cont 'd ) ( to Charles ) watch the street , Charles . ( to ti-pierre ) my . lock the door , cut the exterior tne ~ light , ti-pierre . . the bartender stare in amazement at the bill as he picked they off the bar . the musician have stop they gin rummy game and be now look at reno and Jean-Louis . Jean - Louis walk over to they table . jean -loul you boy on strike ? do not you ge play music anymore ? come on , let 's go . the musician drop they card and enthusiastically hustle on stage . Jean -louis walk over to the stage and drop several bill into the tin can at the musician ' foot . the musician start tuning up . Jean-Louis select a prominent table , set Suzanne a francoise down and call for drink . reno , the bar - tender and ti-pierre bring over glass and several bottle of liquor and mixer . it take the booze - addle patron a moment to catch on , but as soon as fresh drink start appear before they they join in , shouting thing like , " merci , " and " here 's to ya , buddy . " on stage be one of the french - canadian country and western group popular throughout Quebec . ' hese caw singer , lixe Levis bouliane , Willie lamothe , rheal leroux , sing only in french , but they song be usually about the '' belle prary " of saskatchewan and alberta . " mon seul amour c'est toi , " sing the lead singer as he laid into he fiddle . as soon as he bow hit the string , the room come alive as if touch by a electric wire . a few patron have already find they way to the dance floor . gulping down they drink , reno , francoise , Jean-Louis and Suzanne stand up and join they . regularly switch partner , they first dance western - style , then close dance , then jitterbugsed . ( continued ) continuld : laugh , musician . ( 2 ) francoise jump to the stame and join the ropping she yeeal cord a octave , froncoise adapt she silky voice to the country and western styie . soon she be sing a western duet with the lead singer , alternate stanzas and join together on the chorus . 7 the musician love it , as do the patron , reno , jcvan= - Louis and Suzanne . but francoise love it most ef all . after a song or two , francoise plopped down next to Suzanne for a rest and reno pull Jean-Louis to the front of the bar where they could talk . half-drunkenly they embrace , then reno say soberly : : reno I have be instruct to bring you in for discipline . ( a beat ) the next time IL come to see you it . will be with a gun . i jean -louis ( pause ) ' I understand . reno contrini have the nit out on you . I have it withdraw . jean-louis if you would bring I in ? , reno yes . - jean-louis thanks . : reno you gonna be all right ? . . jean -louis sure , Jimmy . reno why you still hang around with that crazy people ? they be all jacobin . they will oniy get you 4n more . trouble . ( continued ) 59 < i 60 r~ fr at 98. continued : ( 3 ) 's jean -louis ( partially drunk ) it be not that way at all . we need they . it 's the only way to get back at the Americans . reno Jean-Louis , that be so much crap . all you life you have : be full of crap . jean-louis I have change , Jim . I understand a lot of thing now I do not understand before . reno : you be just drunk , Jean-Louis . crazy drunk . ' neither man be fully sober , but neither be they fully drunk . they be in that semi-drunken state where friendship be foremost and no one have to be take too seriously . jean-louis yeah . let 's go back to the girl . they be wait . reno okay . a little later , reno , francoise , Jean-Louis. and Suzanne be all back on the dance floor . time have stop for they as they drift across the floor in slow motion . ‘hey be each in love with this moment . each know , in he or she own way , that this would be the last moment they would spend together . Jean -louis dance slowly across the floor . his eye meet the other , he smile and the gun hang loose in he shoulder holster . cur to : int . jean - louis ' house - day two week later , tony , and stephano walk into Jean-Louis ! house demand to know where he be . ( continued ) on 60 61 62 continued Suzanne could only shrug and say she have not see he for several week . tony walk from room to room poke around but finally give up in disgust and leave with stephano . cuT to : int . ontario STREET hideout - day tony and a second italian thug trash the Ontario Street hideout look for any sign of Jean-Louis but he be long go . again they have to give up . cuT to : int . contrinl office ~ day Nick contrini look out over montreal . spring be give way to summer . stephano's voice I think he 's go , Nick . we have be look everywhere . he 's vanish . contrini ( turn around ) how can he vanish ? he 's human , be not he ? Jacques sit in another part of the office read a picture magazine . stephano he 's cool off . ile blow the Province . contrini how about Paul sauvage ? . stephano he 's go too . that 's the way it be with this radical . one day they be here , the next they be off the face of the earth . ( continued ) 7 ) ) ) ) ) } 62 100 , continued : | to contrini {to Jacques ) can not the american fina he ? his own brother ? : : . - jacque the trail be cold everywhere . he must be out of town . of . contrini maybe . contrini look across the panorama of modern montreal . / CUT to : a ext . ile bizard ~ day ° fle bizard be , a small farmin connect to ile montréal b @ sparsely populate french of a major city . & island in northeast montrea y only one bridge , it resemble village more than the suburb 4 i. James reno park he car on the small tywo - lead through the island . get out of he car , he make he way across a barren field toward a old barn and several cow in the distance . lane road as he reach the cow '' & young man with a hunt dog come out to greet he , they say nothing tc each other , - and continue . toward the barn . outside the barn , reno find who he be look for . Paul sauvage , wear a flannel shirt and work pants , come out to greet he . Inside the barn , several young people be prepare poster and leaflet . reno you be hard to find , sauvage . sauvage you be hard to lose . reno . I be look for Jean-Louis . sauvage why do you want he ? reno that 's none of you busine ss . ( continued ) tae 63 continued : . Paul sauvare shrumge and scrape some shit off he shoe . reno respond with tough language : reno a , do not give I a hard time , kid . se I will bust you ass . where be he ? 7 . sauvage he save my life , reno . if I know , do you think I really would tell you so you could turn he in ? ~— . reno , do he give you any money ? he like to give money away . sauvage shrugge again . reno ' just tell I this . be he out of «* oe the Province ? . sauvage yeah . I think so . reno be he come back ? . sauvage I do not know . that 's he business . reno ( look in barn ) he be not in there , be he ? sauvage do not be stupid . eno what be you do in there ? , sauvage 's that 's none of you business . reno you guy be go to ruck everything e up . you know that , do not you ? ) that 's what you want , be not 4t ? you doe not care about anything . > , ( continued ) 63 continued : ( 2 ) the strain be beginning to show on reno 's face . iie be tense , cdgy ; he be start to crack . sauvage a . what do you know about what this vee people want ? . ( gesture to farmhouse ) what do you know about the québecois ? you be a american . James reno spit directly into sauvage 's face . the sali drip down he cheek . reno do not ever call I that . sauvage do not wipe he face . sauvage * au revoir , monsieur reno . reno nodd and stalk back through the field to he cur to : ext . man and he world - day a stream 9f , car drive over jacque cartier bridge to ile ste~helene , permanent home of expo ' 67 . after the worid 's Fair close , montreal turn the grounds and pavilion into a permanent park and rename it " man and his World . " . Paul sauvage pay he admission and walk into man and he world . his nair be cut short , he beard shave off . he wear a colorful " visit Canada " T-shirt and around he neck hang a brownie starflex . smiling , sauvage walk past buckminster fuller 's giant geodesic bubble ( formerly the american pavilion , now a aviary and biosphere ) and head toward Le humor pavili Jean-Louis see sauvage come and get up from he seat at a quick - food stand . Jean -louis wear a old care - taker 's uniform and have five or six week of growth on he face , together they stroll down cosmos walk and throurh the park . all around they tourist bundle they child and camera in and out of the exhibit . ( continued ) va car . on . 64 continued : sauvage I see you make it back . jean-louis yeah . sauvage I come to say goodbye . I probably will not see you for a while . by tomorrow night I will be in jail again . jean -louis ti- Pierre and I be ail set . thanks again for the money . I think we will be able to make bail . for everybody tomorrow . for a - change . sauvage you get everything you need ? ) : ) . ' jean - louis oui . . sauvage gesture to one of the old fort - like stone build - ing on the island : sauvage ' : the caretaker 's house all right ? > jean -louis it 's fine . sauvage - jean -louis De rien . you earn it . but if you ask I , that 's a dumb way to spend money . give it back to the government . sauvage yeah . we have different idea about that . this prompt Jean-Louis to launch into he theory of revolution . sauvage have hear it all before but he listen tolerantly . '' ~ jean -louis rant you be go about thing all wrong . ( hore ) ( continued ) 6 % continued : ( 2 ) oe jean -louis ( cont 'd ) you should not let they protect they flank . JI be right about police deployment in the midtown . area , be not I ? tos a : _ sauvage out . , | : jean-louis mo , I be right about this too . if I have set up that laporte snatch the : government would be on its knee . . right now . what you need now , : instead of this whatchamacallit tomorrow , be a series of a half , dozen of good swift execution . ) ( count off on he finger ) trudeau , choquette , bourassa , . : drapeau , Bertrand , and one of you : . own people , say levesque , just to | make it look good . it could easily be do . it would be a excellent . '' warning shot . it would serve to be : tell the government that thing yy , be go to be different from . . now on . they would listen to you | : then . as Jean-Louis speak , they climb the step of the care - taker 's house Paul have find for he . sauvage politely ignore Jean-Louis ' theory . he al - ready have too many crazy people give he suggestion . CUT to : 65 int . caretaker' room - day ti- Pierre be sit at the caretaker 's table method - ically clean the half dozen revolver and automatics that lay before he . Jean-Louis and sauvage walk into the room and ti-pierre greet they silently . sauvage ( look at he watch ) I have get to go . 65 continued : jean-louis well , just remex a sauvage will do . au revoir . les québecois . jean -louis | nous vaincron . ext . ste -catherine STREET - day ) 66 : a crew of municipal worker prepare the . for the st-jean - baptiste festivity the crowd blockade be put in place , light ner what I say . québec pour cur to : parade route next day . post be 7 : 67 68 69 hang with streamer , banner be strung across the street . there be a mood of anticipation in the air . cuT to : int . louis xiv room - day gaulois waiter erect a long U - nsnape table in the Louis xiv room in preparation for the banquet the next day . a long white linen table cloth be carefully place on the table . cuT to : ext . queen elizabeth HOTEL - afternoon Three long black cadillac limousine pull up in front of the Queen Elizabeth . conservatively dress New York mafioso and they body - guard step out . CUT to : int . firing range - afternoon Jacques stand in the gaulois ' wood - panele sound - proofed fire range and aim a pistol at the target . ( continued ) 69 3 70 7 continued : James reno walk into the range and Jacques turn toward he : jacque : you have not find he yet ? ee 7 reno , no. : jacque what 's wrong ? : reno maybe he have not come back . if he 's here , I will finc he . jacque it 's too late now . I be not go to take any chance . I want you to be Alain 's personal bodyguard «+ teright and through the banquet tomorrow . you be in charge of discipline . it 's time you start act like it . : reno oui. cur to : int , napoleon room - afternoon reno unlock the gun closet ; it be stack with rifle and handgun . he select a .38 revolver , a shoulder holster and a box of shell . flip open the cylinder of the revolver , reno look into the chamber as if it be some foreign object . cut to : int . corridor - afternoon reno be walk down the corridor when gerard , the gaulois chef , walk up to he with a anguish expression : gerard monsieur reno , monsieur reno. ( continued ) 71 72 ' continued : , : . oe reno -° qui , gerard . gerard on this be impossible . : to ( hold up menu ) can you believe tnis ? read : ravioli , spaghetti , fettucini , macaroni . pasta , pasta , pasta . iam a chef . I feed people , I do not fatten they up . reno ( reassure ) come , come , gerard . it 's only one day . you will make it through . gerard honestly , monsieur reno , I never think I would see the day when + such thing ... ( hold up menu ) - e. would be happen in the gaulois ‘home . we might as well be in Italy . : reno you exaggerate . go back in the kitchen and make all the crap ... - | ( @ beat ) --- before I make you eat it ! gerard return to the kitchen grumble and cursing . CUT to : int . louis xiv room - apternoon Alain walk into the great hall and find he father , contrini and canmillion , a uniform private policeman , stand by the Louis xiv portrait . the waiter place the gild chair around the u-shape table . : . contrini ( to Alain ) you know cammillion , do not you , Alain ? ( continued ) 72 13 74 continued : alain I ... do not think so . jacque . mais oui , cammillion use to be ta a old friend of the gaulois family . when he be with the police . alain ( remember ) '' oui. : cammillion ( to Jacques ) that be the good old day , monsieur . contrini cammillion and he man will patrol the house . just for show . to ' make sure no nosey . reporter or investigator show up . jacque have the police be inform ? contrini yeah . ' they will be very busy on the parade route tomorrow . cammillion that they will , monsieur . '' CUT to : int . marat room - night reno sit at he desk load nis revolver in the semi - darkness . he be deep in think . CUT to : flashback Jean-Louis be about 4 year old . his older brother , carry a big grey cardboard box , be chase he around the napoleon room . reno wear only short - pants and one of he mother 's fox fur tie around he chest . . ( continued ) th continued : a Jean-Louis caterwaulled across the room as reno thumped ~ he time and again on top he head with the cardboard box . hear the cry , baptiste strode into the room , . , baptiste ( age 35 ) now what 's go on ? reno guiltily stop and Jean-Louis run to he father . baptiste ( age 35 ) what 's go on , Jimmy ? reno ( age 8 ) we be just play . . baptiste ( age 35 ) what be you play ? a reno ( age 8 ) cain and abel . baptiste ( age 35 ) ' and which be you ? | a : reno ( age 8 ) I be cain . baptiste ( age 35 ) and what be you do ? reno ( age 8 ) I be kill my brother . baptiste ( age 35 ) - nsigh ) you know you can not kill you brother . now give I that box . Jimmy shamefacedly give the box back to he father . cur to : 15 ext . montreal - dawn Dawn break over the st-lawrence River . tne first ray of sun hit the peak of mt-royal . a eerie mist hang over the city ; it be st-jean-baptiste Day . . cut to : 76 = 17 78 . a. 19 ext . ste - cawherine strelt ~— dawn - a few hardy soul have arrive at the parade route by daybreak to gel the choice view position , '' CUT . to : _ int . louis xiv room —- dawn the waiter put namecard around the table in preparation for the banquet . : " CUT to : ext . notre dame cathedral - zarly morning | Alain , wear a morning tuxedo , step from he black citroen in front of Notre Dame Cathedral . mare and another bodyguard flanke he right and leave . ' reno 's citroen pull up behind Alain 's . reno , also wear a tux , get out with Charly . they close rank around Alain . then , en masse , Alain and he quartet of bodyguard slowly walk up the long step to the cathedral . cur to : int . notre dame - early morning ' Alain stand before the massive baroque gold - filigree altar and receive morning mass from Father gericault . reno , Charles , Hare and the fourth bodyguard , stand directly behind Alain , look warily from side to side . Alain , stand erect , stare straight ahead , unafraid . suddenly there be a commotion in the leave chapel . Father gericault , Alain and the bodyguard all quickly turn that direction . . Three dark figure brandish gun charge through the chapel toward Alain 's party . e ti-pierre , wear a dark suit , be at they head . the other young assailant wear black pants , black sweater and black tennis shoe . ( continued ) 19 80 continued : they ali cry in unison : killer - La morte ! La morte ! La morte ! and vegan firing wildly . gunshot echoed through the cavernous cathedral . reno pull he revolver , steady it and shot the lead youth in the cnest . he fall . the fourth bodyguard , stand beside reno , catch a slug and spun to the floor . Alain fle toward the leave chapel exit . reno follow he . mare and the second assailant fall in the next exchange of gunfire . : ' after Alain and reno have fle out the side exit , Charles stand at the door , turn and draw a bead on the last assailant . recognize ti-pierre , he halt for a second . a second be all ti-pierre need . he fire , kill Charles . as Charles fall , he call reno 's name . running , ti-pierre hurdle Charles ' body and jump out the side door . cuT to : ext . notre dame - early morning Alain scramble madly for he citroen park at the curb in front of the church . reno follow close behind Alain until he hear Charles call out he name . he stop , sink to one knee and aim at the doorway . ti- Pierre jump through the doorway , gun in hand . reno fire , hit he in the upper chest . ti- Pierre staggered forward , he momentum carry to within a few foot of reno where he collapse . his blood run freely across the concrete . reno stare at he a moment . ( continued ) ew ' ) ns ) 81 82 continued : Alain jump into the safety of he car . cur to : int . alain be car - early morning Alain , visibly relieved , sink against the back seat of he car . his face be cover with cold sweat . he call to the driver : alain allez-y ! the driver do nothing ; he do not even turn around . in a flash , the horrible , sink truth nit Alain : he be not alone . he feel the presence of a steel gun barrel raise against the side of he head . + he slowly turn to fa:e Jean-Louis who sit next to he . Jean -louis squeeze the trigger . - as Alain 's body slump down , Jean -louis open the door and push he out . Jean-Louis turn he gun back to the driver 's head : : jean -louis allez-y . the citroen screech out . '' CUT to : ext . notre dame - early morning reno stare in horror as he see he brother - in- law 's body slump from the car and fall to the sidewalk . the citroen sped away . reno stand impotently over Alain 's crumpled body , he revolver hang limply from he hand . he look lixe a break man . cuT to : ext . ste -catherine STREET - morning the crowd cheer the st-jean -baptiste Day float as they move down ste-catherine Street . ( continued ) 83 - BA 85 86 continued : ' he float be all meticulously and beautifully make . ' each depict a different aspect of french - canadian life . cur to : ext . gaulois chateau - morning cammillion and he security guard stand patrol in front of the gaulois mansion . the mood be ominous . '' cur to : int . napoleon room Alain 's bloody body laid under a sheet in the napoleon room . two plainclothesmen and the coroner stand around the body . . ' francoise sit on a settee near the body , sobbing softly . reno speak to the plainclothesm for a moment then walk over to francoise . he put he arm around she shoulder , try to comfort she , but it be of little use . francoise Alain ! Alain ! a gaulois man walk into the room and whisper into reno 's ear : gaulois man Jacques want to speak to you . reno nodd and the man depart . reno gingerly break away from francoise and walk out of the room . cuT to : int . corridor - morning a radical youth be wait in the hall as reno walk out of the napoleon room . e : youth monsieur James reno ? reno oul . ( continued ) five 86 continued : : ' youth ae Jean-Louis would like to see you . . he say the time be ready . he say to tell you victory be within .. you grasp . reno where be he ? . youth he 's wait in the caretaker 's house in man and his World park . a old fort past the biosphere . reno merci . : so . youth | he say to give you another message . reno what be that ? the youth raise he voice and clench he fist : youth nous vaincron ! reno nodd and walk . down the corridor . cuT to : 87 int . louis xiv room - morning Jacques , contrini , stephano and tony be wait for reno when he walk into the Louis xiv room . the waiter be nervously stack up the plate and remove the napkin and silverware . move quickly , they try to appear as inconspicuous as possible . Jean gaulois slump in a chair against the wall . Jacques be scared and angry : . jacque you ruin we . it 's all you fault . my son be dead . everyone have go home . no one want any ~~ part of we . we be finish . ' ey ( continued ) 87 continued : om ! reno say nothing . contrini be obviously in control . bh oo he turn to Jacques and say sharply : contrini . ( to Jacques ) , sit down . jacque it 's finish . contrini sit down ! 's ' Jacques meekly submit , find a chair . ) contrini ) I want to work with the gauloise , reno . but the gauioise just : could not perform . you do not exist anymore . you have fall apart . ' just look at this two tired old man . i ( point to Jean and Jacques ) , itve take over . '' bid reno turn to Jean : reno uncle Jean ? , jean ( hold he chest ) this old chest , Jimmy . ( breathes deeply ) I can not take it anymore . it just pass I by . Jacques , swell with rage , stand up again : jacque it be you , reno . it be you who let we down . you be disloyal . you be suppose to protect Alain , and what do you do ? you cover up for you crazy brother and now het kill Alain . it 's you disloyalty , that 's the cause ! be ~ reno a I have never be disloyal , Jacques . sy ( more ) ( continued ) '' a 87 89 90 91 continued : | ( 2 ) reno ( cont 'd ) I have make mistake , but I have always be loyal . I be loyal now . and I will prove it to you . reno turn and stomp out of the room . after he have leave , contrini turn to . stephano and tony and say : . contrini get he . '' 3 . CUR to : int . napoleon room - morning reno stop at the doorway to the napoleon roon . look in , he see francoise still sit on the settee , she face in she hand . he want to go in and comfort she , but he do not have the heart or the courage . reno watch a moment , then turn away . CUT . to : ext . gaulois chateau - morning walk past cammillion , reno get into he citroen and drive off . . curt to : ext . downtown montreal ~ morning reno drive through the congest downtown street . to the west , he hear the noise and clammer of the parade . we watched the parade crowd from a distance as he pass . CUT to : e ext . ste -catherine STREET - morning a cluster of young separatist yell and hurl slogan at the pass parade . ( continued ) 91 oh ! 92 93 a 94 ahie continued : they hand - paint sign bore such slogan as , " vive Quebec libre , " and " québec pour les québecois . " Paul sauvage stand ‘to the rear of the protestor . . cuT t0 : ext . jacque cartier bridge - morning reno cross the Jacques cartier Bridge . below he to he right be ile ste-heléne and man and his World . he exite the bridge and drive into the exposition parking lot . CUT to : ext . man and he world - morning . he pay he admission and strode directly down the cosmos walk past the biosphere toward the old fort - like building which now serve as the caretaker 's home . behind reno stand the dome , pyramid , hexagon and spire which make up the world 's fair exhibit . as reno approach the caretaker 's home , he unbuttone he wrinkle tuxedo jacket , revealing he holster and revolver . . CUT to : int . caretaker' home .- morning reno slip into the door and tiptoed across the floor . in the bedroom , he find he brother lie on the narrow single bed . hearing reno 's footstep , Jean-Louis sit up on the edge of the bed . ' when he see he brother , a broad smile come across he face : jean-louis I know you would come . this be we chance . ( continued ) bo 94 95 continued : reno non , Jean-Louis . ctest cuit . this be it . it 's all over . . jean -louis what do you mean ... ? Jean-Louis never have a chance to finish he sentence . reno pull he revolver and fire it point-blank into he brother 's stomach . : holding he gut , Jean -louis sink to he knee in front of he brother . shock and puzzle , he look helplessly at he brother : : : jean -louis Jim . you be go to take care of I . reno fire again , hit Jean-Louis in the throat . he crash to tae floor dead . tuck he gun away , reno lift Jean-Louis from the pool of blood and stretch he out across the narrow bed . he look at he brother a moment before pull the blanket over he body . reno 's white tuxedo shirt be splatter with blood . reno 's ear perk as he heard something outside . go to the window , he see tony walk around . reno walk over to the table where Jean-Louis ! .45 automatics lie . he snap a clip into each of they and tuck they into he cummerbund . he walk back to the front door and open it partially , peek out . cur to : ext . man and he world - morning a italian walk past the door as reno ' look out . check both direction , reno slip out of the door and step quickly behind the italian . he clipped he across the back of the head with he revolver ; the italian staggered and fall . ( continued ) 95 96 '' continued : ~ . : reno have turn and be walk back up the cosm Wall when he realize the extent of he opposition . ' tony and stephano stand ahead of he ; two more italian bring up the rear . all wait for he to make he move . reno move first . he spun and fire at the two italian - follow he , drop one and superficially wound the other . then he dash at a angle airectly toward the biosphere geodesic dome . tony , stephano and the third italian pull they gun and follow . reno burst through the crowd and scramble across the floor of the 20 - story aviary . the tourist gasped in horror as the italian plow through the building in mad pursuit . . outside the biosphere , reno zig - zag toward the park - ing lot . as he run , the pursue italian throw a barrage of lead at he . reno catch a bullet in he upper shoulder and be temporarily throw off balance . as he spun around he fire again , kill the already wounded third italian . exchange a last volley of gunfire with tony and stephanc , reno jump into he car and squeale off . tony and stephano scramble into they car and sereeched out of the parking lot after reno . both car smashed _ through the toll booth , one after the other . '' cur to : ext . jacque cartier bridge - morning reno 's citroen accelerate up the ramp to the Jacques cartier Bridge . after a moment , tony and stephano 's cadillac follow . reno be bleed freely as he wove wildly through the bridge traffic . siren fill the air . have gain several length on tony and stephano , ren® drop the citroen into low gear and spun it side - way . nearby driver honked they horn and hit the brake . ( continued ) 96 continued : beside he car . the huge cadillac be bear , down directly at he . fony reach out of the rider 's side and take a wild shot at reno . ? —_ pull both .45 out of he waistband , reno stand up | rer > place both w't together at arm 's length and begin rapidly discharging they simultaneously at the oncoming car . a fusillade of bullet cut into the cadillac 's windshielc . stephano , behind the steering wheel , be hit directly in the face ; tony catch a slug in the upper shoulder . there be little opportunity for tony , to return reno 's fire . stephano slump as the car swerve wildly to che leave and crash through the bridge railing . tony try to get a last shot at reno as the car charge off the bridge , but it be too late . he have to come to term with the river . * Freighter move up and down the river . reno , stiff with pain , get back into he car , spun it a around and continue across the bridge . ls Three police car , light and siren racing , slam to a halt where the cadillac go off the bridge . cuT to : 97 ext . downtown montreal ~ morning ~ '' reno drive quickly back into the midtown traffic . he be free , but only for a moment . in he rear view mirror he could see patrol car search for he . he drive through the ste-~ Catherine Street area . to he leave there be a riot in progress . he catch it out of the corner of he eye . cuT to : 98 «+ ex ?. ste -catherine STREET ~ morning on ste- Catherine Street , the st-jean -baptiste Day riot of 1971 be already in progress . ( continued ) cb 98 99 100 continued : the radical have break through the restrain barricade and be trash the parade route . a group of separatist descend en masse upon the queents_ float , the symbol of british oppression . eo the pretty face of the high school girl who have be select to play Queen Elizabeth iI turn to fright as the radical , with a great heave - ho , overturn the float . the girl , flower and display all spill out onto the street as the float be upend . the radical youth who have give reno Jean-Louis ' message climb atop the fell float . soon other join he , wave sign and chant , " Quebec pour les quebecois ! " further down the block , Paul sauvage have climb a street post . Calling to the crowd , he proudly wave the red , green and white flag of free Quebec . he be in he triumph . * further down . the block , squad of riot police smashed they club wildly through the mob , come foot by foot closer to the insurgent . volley of tear gas fly over they head . Revolution run through the air ; chaos be everywhere . cuT to : ext . downtown montreal - morning a patrol car officer , spot reno 's citroen , flip on he red light and give pursuit . reno swing out of traffic and accelerate toward the mt-royal district . cuT to : ext . gaulois chateau - morning reno screech he car to a halt in front of the gaulois mansion . jumping out of the front seat , he call to cammillion : ( continued ) 100 continued : '' : : reno ~~ oo at _ cammillion ! the police . hold | they off . cammillion : will do . cammillion draw he revolver and motion to he man . his automatic hang from he hand , reno walk up the step of the gaulois mansion . cur to : 101 int . louis xiv room - morning reno , soak with blood , push open the door to the Louis xiv room and staggered in . Jacques , contrini and Jean all look up a % he with amazement . the sound of gunshot and police siren be ringing in the distance . reno steady the .45 at Jacques . reno Jean-Louis be dead . jacque reno ! reno ! what be you do ? where be you loyalty ? reno 's voice be fill with pain : - reno what do I know about loyalty . I be just a common criminal . reno fire at Jacques , throw he against the table and to the floor . reno turn he gun toward contrini , who could not quite believe what be happen . ' the sound of footstep be bound up the stair . ret fire ayain , kill contrini . reno , exhaust , drop he gun to the floor . the police , gun draw , burst into the room . ( continued ) 201 continued : reno offer no resistance as the police quickly take hold of he . across the room , old Jean gaulois sink he head into he hand . be the police handcuff James reno and haul he out , of the room and down the corrtider , , narrator James reno , also know as the enforcer , be sentence to life imprisonment without parole . he be judge a habitual criminal beyond renabilitation . the gauloise be never again 2 force in the montreal underworld . the end