2_gun by blake Masters base on the graphic novel " 2 gun " 9/15/09 int . vault , tres cruce saving & loan - day a wall of identical safe deposit box ... a black valise cramme with money ... a ferret - nosed man , julio by name , put the cash - fill valise into a box , flip the lid shut ... the box be return to its slot ... a key lock the box door ... int . tres cruce saving & loan - day ROBERT '' bobby '' trench , aka '' Bobby T , '' aka '' Bobby B , '' aka '' Bobby bean , '' ( late 30 , taciturn ) study a bullet hole in a victorian marble column . a scar of long ago violence . behind Bobby , ferret nose emerge from the vault . Bobby hide he face as ferret nose cross behind he and exit . ms. young ( early 20 and perky ) approach . ms . young admire we bullet hole ? billy the kid put that there during a robbery in 1880 . bobby how much do he get away with ? ms . young the vault be lock for the day . sheriff do shoot two of billy 's man on the front step though . int . vault , tres cruce saving & loan - day Ms. Young chatter , but Bobby be not listen . Bobby be stare at the wall of safe deposit box . ms . young you box will be available any time from a hour after open to 30 minute before close . also if you open a check account , we will give you 5 % off the box along with free overdraft protection . bobby and here I be hope for a free toaster . ms . young why would a bank give out toaster ? Bobby 's phone ring . 9/15/09 2gun 2. int . diner - same MARK '' stig '' stigman ( no aka 's , a manic ball of forward lean energy ) sit look out at the sleepy main drag of tres cruce . specifically at the entrance of the tres cruce S & L where ferret nose climb into a car with two other rough character and drive off . a waitress idle at stig 's table . stig ( into phone ) I be order you the french toast . bobby ( on phone ) no , ma , nothing important . stig ( into phone ) we very patient waitress , maggie -- at least it say maggie on she name tag -- have pour I four cup of coffee . if I do not order at this point , it 's just rude . waitress I can come back . stig ( into phone ) I be make a executive decision . pancake . out the window - camera find Bobby emerge from the bank , stride toward the diner . bobby ( on phone ) no , no pancake . I hate pancake . stig ( into phone ) what be you a communist ? ( to the waitress ) I nil have the hash and my friend 's 1l have the pancake with a fry egg . bobby ( on phone ) if she bring I egg and pancake , I will kick you ass . stig ( into phone ) you need to eat breakfast . it 's the most important meal of the day . door chime jingle as Bobby march in . 9/15/09 2gun 3. bobby ignore everything he 's say . if you will just bring I a 0o.j. , that have be great . stig bring he coffee and toast too . as the waitress retreat , stig give she a big wink . bobby why do you have to do that ? stig do what ? bobby wink at the waitress . you hang she up for five minute then give she a creepy wink like you be gonna ask she to take a ride in you camaro . stig hey , waitress like I . bobby nobody like you . stig I be a likable guy . I be a good tipper . so . the bank ? bobby the bank . as Bobby talk we flash to image of : int . tres cruce saving & loan - m.o.s . - earlier Bobby survey the bank as Ms. Young lead he back to the vault . the bank be old - fashioned in its architecture but modern in its security feature . in sync with the v.o . Bobby note the camera , position of the guard , alarm button , etc . bobby ( v.o . - cont . from previous ) 4 teller , 1 guard . bulletproof glass , multiple security camera . the manager 's office be between the teller and the vault so we ’1ll have to hope we catch he on the floor . Beyond that the safe deposit box be just sit there . 9/15/09 2gun 4 . int . diner —- continuous from above stig so it 's doable ? Bobby nod . stig slap he hand on the table with glee . door chime . two sheriff deputy enter . stig and Bobby go silent and tight . greeting the staff by name , the deputy settle in at the counter and help themselves to the display of jelly donut . the waitress return with Bobby 's O.J. and coffee for stig . waitress I will be right back with you hash . stig wait . maggie . you jelly donut , be they any good ? waitress best in three county . stig put three in a to- go box . two for I , one for he . bobby just two . stig flash three finger to the waitress as she retreat . a beat . without preamble , stig jump to he foot . stig gotta shake the weasel . as stig vanish into the back , one of the cop throw a glance Bobby 's way . Bobby give the cop a flat look back . the waitress return with stig 's hash and the donut . bobby I apologize for my friend . he be kick in the head as a child . waitress oh , he 's not that bad . bobby no . he be . 9/15/09 2gun 5 . stig return . without sit , he dig out a donut . stig mmm , this be good . we should go . bobby you food just get here . stig flick he eye at the cop . bobby ( cont 'd ) you do not ? stig you ever hear the say '' never rob a bank across from a diner with the best donut in three county ? '' Bobby stand and toss cash on the table . behind the counter smoke begin to curl out of the kitchen . stig ( cont 'd ) that 's all you be gonna leave for a tip ? bobby you be a complete lunatic , you know that ? stig you gotta leave at least 30 % . the woman 's about to be out of a job . the tendril swell become flame as the kitchen be engulf in a roaring grease fire . bobby ( toss down another $ 10 ) this , this be why nobody like you . ext . diner - continuous Bobby and stig saunter out the door and back to they car . behind they smoke billow . chaos. shout . alarm . patron and wait-staff flee . a fireball blow out the window . freeze frame : Bobby & stig in f.g. ; the blaze diner in b.g . MAIN title card : '' 2 gun '' 9/15/09 2gun 6. ext . GRECO ranch - day supertitle : mexico a private kingdom in the sonora desert . ancient stone wall . adobe building . vaqueros on horseback work expansive livestock pens . find Bobby and stig speed along . past barn that house not just cattle but processing area for cocaine and heroin . past a dirt airstrip where bale of marijuanas be be load onto a piper cub . up to the MAIN house where a rowdy barbecue be underway . half a cow on a spit . narco corridos on the stereo . no bling , no bimbos in mini skirt . just hard man eat , drink and slinging dominos . Bobby and stig be greet by rudy ( knife - scar and wily ) . rudy shake hand with Bobby . stig , he ignore . rudy papi 's down in the stable . bobby go get something to eat . stig I be not hungry . bobby stig , you and I be here to do business . diplomatically . if close this deal involved shoot the wing off a fly while drive on two wheel through a ring of fire , I would be the one get something to eat . stig I can be diplomatic . a glare from Bobby . stig go . reluctantly . int . stable , GRECO ranch - day Bobby , tote a duffle , be lead inside and down into a network of ancient tunnel that run beneath the ranch . 9/15/09 2gun 7 . int . tunnel - continuous rudy pause at a antechamber and motion for Bobby to wait . nearby savage laughter erupt from a group of mean character who be take turn peek inside a bowl ball bag . mean # 1 ( oscar ) hold the bag toward Bobby . wanna see ? Bobby shrug . oscar come over . and with great flare snap the bag open under Bobby 's nose . we see nothing more than a wisp of hair , but the half - flinch in Bobby 's expression be enough to tell we there 's a human head inside . oscar and the other cackle . returning , rudy shoos the tough and wave Bobby on . int . vaulted chamber below the stable , GRECO ranch - day seat on a wooden crate manuel '' papi '' GRECO ( a man of earth and blood ) pluck the feather from a duck carcass . loom in the corner be ferret - nose julio from the bank . papi GRECO '' t-know - a - guy '' Bobby . Quick : a ostrich , a tank of ether , and a ' 55 thunderbird . bobby will you take a ' 56 ? papi GRECO in El paso by Wednesday ? bobby I know a guy . papi find this game a chuckle . he squish he finger into the flesh of the duck and dig out three pellet of buckshot . bobby ( cont 'd ) not for nothing , but who 's the head in the bag ? papi GRECO my cousin . bobby Little toro ? 9/15/09 2gun 8. papi GRECO julio catch he skim . not that I blame Little toro . everybody skim a little cream , it 's human nature . but just ' cuz it 's human , do not mean you let it go . papi take a hatchet - thwack - chop off the duck 's head . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) that for I ? Bobby pull a shiny new chainsaw from he duffle . bobby the gas-power ms 270 . throttle trigger interlock , bumper spike , quickstop chain -brake . setting aside the duck , papi come over to examine he new toy . Bobby set a protective hand on the see . bobby ( cont 'd ) where 's my present ? papi motion to ferret - nosed julio who toss Bobby a satchel . Inside be 200 blank passport and 400 blank social security card . Bobby examine they . his expression sour . bobby ( cont 'd ) this be garbage . papi GRECO they be what I get . bobby if I take this , I be tell you I do not know my business , and I know my business . a sudden air of menace hang . papi 's boy glower . papi GRECO you too good for my product ? bobby I be say anyone who have take this be stupid , desperate , or look to put you in jail . which one you think I be ? a beat . papi look to he boy . then shrug / smirk . 9/15/09 2gun 9. papi GRECO I tell you he would not take ‘em . bobby so , what , be that it ? I pass you test ? papi GRECO it 's not just you . after Little toro we be run everybody through the blender . if it soothes you ego , I ’1ll give you 39,000 for the ' 56 thunderbird . assume it 's mint . thwack - papi chop off the duck 's foot . ext . near the stable , GRECO ranch - day four roughnecks shoot at a line of chicken bury up to they neck in the dirt . bet be trade . a bottle be pass . stig sit nearby finish a plate of barbecue . stig that 's not very sport . what chance be you give the chicken ? the roughneck trade scornful remark in Spanish and return to they game . stig hurl a leg bone at they . they stop . they glare . stig ( cont 'd ) if I be gonna kill a defenseless animal , I be gonna honor its sacrifice by grill it up into some tasty barbecue . what I be not gonna do , be torture it just to prove I be a crappy shot who can not hit anything further away than he own pecker . over by the stable - rudy walk Bobby back out into the harsh mexican sunlight . they spot stig jousting with the roughneck . rudy look like you junkyard dog 's off the chain again . Bobby grumble / sigh and march over to stig. 9/15/09 2gun 10 . bobby what be you do ? stig they be torture that chicken . a roughneck curse at stig in Spanish . stig ( cont 'd ) say that in English , monkey boy . bobby stig . look at I . you see that bag on the buffet table ? Bobby point over at the barbecue / party where the man with the bowl ball bag have join the other . stig between the rib and the potato salad ? bobby there 's a human head inside . stig aw , sonofa ... that be uncool ; that be not cool . the roughneck mutter Spanish curse . stig lunge at they . Bobby grab stig . stig calm . stig ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . I be all right . stig and Bobby turn to go . behind they the roughneck chuckle . that tear it . in one seamless motion stig whip around and shoot the head off all five chicken . ext . GRECO ranch - day Bobby and stig walk back across the ranch to they car . stig I hate Mexico . I hate the dust , I hate the desert , I hate the beer . bobby I be sure it hate you back . stig you do not think papi suspect ? 9/15/09 2gun 11 . bobby if papi know we be plan to rip he off , it have be we head in that bag by the potato salad . stig Nah , we two head have never fit ina bag that small . ext . u.s./ mexico border - day the colossal border jam up . car and bus and smoke belching truck await inspection . line of day laborer cross on foot , ready to work hard . if they can find work , that be . Bobby and stig sit in they non-move car in the non-move line . Bobby look into the station wagon beside they . 5 mexican house painter with sun-crease face look back . stig papi 's guy deliver a briefcase full of money to that bank every two week . at that rate he 's gotta have , what , two mile stashed there ? bobby math sound right . stig what happen if we get catch ? bobby if we get catch , it 'il be you fault and I x11 kill you . stig sure , whatever , but say we do ? and say papi greco mangle my corpse , run it through a sawmill , something like that , would you come after he ? bobby nope . stig you would not kill he ? because if he do that to you I have kill he . bobby then you be a idiot . 9/15/09 2gun 12 . stig you know why I have kill he , because you be my people and there 's a code . bobby first up : there be no code . you do what you have to do . the rest be just stuff that make you stupid . stig and second ? ( a look from Bobby ) right . we be not '' people . '' because you , you do not have people . bingo . Bobby and stig roll up to the inspection booth . border guard purpose for you visit to Mexico ? bobby quail hunt . stig my aunt in tuba City have a heart attack so we cut we trip short . the guard consider Bobby and stig . consider they document . then retreat inside the shack . bobby tuba City ? stig it 's near odessa . bobby Nice place ? stig Hell hole but she be my favorite aunt . a sudden commotion . boots. gun . swarm man in kevlar . before Bobby and stig can react they car be surround by 15 armed border agent . m-1l6s levele , finger on triggers . int . garage border inspection station - day a team of border agent tear apart Bobby and stig 's car . 9/15/09 2gun 13 . int . interrogation room - day a uniformed border agent grill stig . dea agent deb rees ( drive , but not without a sense of humor ) observe . uniformed agent tell agent Rees about papi greco . stig who ? deb papi . greco. stig he some kind of mexican Santa Claus ? deb I do not fall off the turnip truck , Mr. stigman and my root be not blonde so how ' bout you stop play the stupid card ? stig no mar ‘am . it 's my intent to cooperate with whatever you need . as a american , I know you be just do you job and sometimes innocent folk like I get catch up in the system . it 's like with the airline . they do not lose you bag on purpose , but everybody take it so personal . I bet you two see a lot of frown face . stig wink at Deb . Deb roll she eye and exit . int . interview room , number 2 - day a similar hard - case border agent grill Bobby . dea supervise agent marlon jessup ( decent , dedicated ) sit in on this one . hard-case tell we about you trip . bobby lawyer . 9/15/09 2gun 14 . hard-case what 's the big deal ? you be just down in sonora ? bobby lawyer . hard-case ( be : jessup ) you think agent jessup and the dea do not know about you and papi greco ? they know you be at he ranch . bobby lawyer . hard - case bristle . jessup put a hand on he shoulder and nod for hard - case to step out . hard - case go . a beat . jessup five border agent be rip apart you car as we speak . bobby they be not gonna find anything . jessup where would you hide the passport ? bobby there be no passport . jessup what be you talk about ? the deal be in place . a hand to hand buy from papi greco for 200 passport . bobby I turn they down . ( off jessup 's disbelief ) they be third rate crap . Deb enter . deb you pal , stig 's a piece of work . bobby he wink at you , do not he ? jessup Bobby reject the passport . 9/15/09 2gun 15 . bobby papi be testing I . if I have take the passport , I have never have get off the ranch alive . jessup you sure about that ? bobby do not insult I . I have get four year in on this . I have wade through sewage . I have a bag with a human head in it shove under my nose , okay ? jessup I know . I know all you have be through and I know how you have have to give you life over to play the part of Bobby bean . bobby I can get papi greco . TI have a angle . the only trick be I need you to let I rob the tres cruce saving & loan . jessup you want to rob a bank ? bobby no . stig want to rob the bank . it be he idea , he approach I , no entrapment . what I want be for you to help I stop he , just not until he 's access the safe deposit box . jessup and just why do '' stig '' want to break into the safe deposit box ? bobby because papi greco have two million dollar stashed there , and if we can access the money -- like if it be evidence in a fail robbery -- we can nail he for unreport tax evasion and possibly rico . deb what happen to stig ? 9/15/09 2gun 16 . bobby he take it hard on a class B felony , do 20 year like a good fish . who care ? jessup I be not go to like the answer , but why not just get a warrant ? bobby we can not . I can not prove how I know what I know . at least not in open court . jessup because how you know it be in violation of the rule of evidence ? bobby do not ask / do not tell . jessup no. deb if it will get we we man ... jessup it 's suborn felony robbery . bobby it 's only felony robbery if I get away with the money . jessup there be rule to what we do , agent trench . they stink and they be awkward , but they be the rule we have agree to play by . Bobby scoff / burn . bobby you can not fight a avalanche with a teaspoon . jessup maybe we can not . but we be sure gonna dig like hell . 9/15/09 2gun 17 . ext . border crossing / highway - day Bobby and stig drive away in they reassemble car . stig jiggle he seat . stig I think my seat 's loose . you ever get flagge like that before ? bobby nope . stig it 's like they think we have be hold . which we woulda be if that passport have be any good . ( a look from Bobby ) I be just say . bobby then say it . stig reach into he belt , pull out a knife . stig be you play I ? ' cuz if I have not spend the last ten month at you side , I have think you be not really I - know - a - guy Bobby the man who can get anyone anything . I would think you be play I . tension hang for a beat . then Bobby scoff and smile . bobby put that pig-sticker away . stig ( laugh ) I have you . the corner of you eye , it twitch . just a little bit . damn . let 's get some taco or something . bobby you gonna wink at the waitress ? stig Hell yeah . 9/15/09 2gun 18. int . no - tell motel room - night Bobby sloshes whiskey around in a plastic cup . a figure stir in bed beside he . deb that 's five buck you owe I for think about work . bobby you think jessup know about we ? deb what '' we ? '' you do not do '' we '' and I be in a relationship . fetching a plastic wrap cup from the bathroom , Deb pour herself a match whiskey . bobby right , you imaginary boyfriend , harvey . deb his name 's not harvey . bobby why not ? harvey 's get a great ring to it . deb you do not get to be jealous , Bobby . not anymore . Bobby stifles a twinge but only half - way succeed . Deb consider Bobby . deb ( cont 'd ) you want I to take a run at jessup , do not you ? bobby the bank will get we papi greco . deb and in the end that 's all that matter to you ? bobby it 's not like I get a bunch of hobby . the job 's what I have get . it 's the elephant I carry . 9/15/09 2gun 19 . deb ( resign / disappointed ) all right , I 'il talk to he . but if he still say no ... Bobby give she a kiss on the head . then swill the rest of he cup and start to dress . deb ( cont 'd ) do you ever really love I ? bobby of course , I do . deb ask a silly question ... bobby I mean to love you . the room 's pay up for another 3 hour . deb you always take I to the classiest joint . int . bobbya' townhouse - night a bland unit in a bland development . Bobby enter . silence , lonely and hollow , hang . toss he key and gun on the table , Bobby go into the bedroom and -- whap - a phone book smack Bobby . Bobby thud to the floor . papi greco step over Bobby . with papi be rudy and ferret -— nose julio . papi GRECO I miss old fashion phone book . policeman 's best friend , right ? but then you have know . because you be a undercover agent of the dea . rudy and julio hoist Bobby up . papi slam the phone book into Bobby 's gut . Bobby groan / gasp tmoan . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) if you feel it 's you duty to give I a couple denial , I 'il respect that . I be not gonna believe you and rudy 's just gonna kick you upside the head , but feel free . 9/15/09 2gun 20 . bobby no . no , you get I . I be a cop . and you be all under arrest . whap - phone book shot to the temple . papi GRECO I should kill you . but kill a federal agent draw a whole rain of crap . so instead , I be think : what do you figure might happen if a hundred thousand unexplain dollar materialize in you check account ? Bobby see where papi 's go . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) the only thing dea hate more than drug dealer be crooked agent . but then 4 year deep cover , you be bound to go bad . bobby who burn I ? papi GRECO it be Saint Peter and virgin Mary . you think I be gonna tell you ? i. be not . a asshole . papi stomp Bobby 's chest . Bobby gasp / yowls/moan . bobby you mother 's a one legge whore . papi GRECO you try to get I to shoot you ? Bobby . it 's too much fun watch you squirm . besides , truth be she be a whore . two leg though . enjoy prison . I hear they do entertaining thing to dirty cop . papi toss aside the phone book and exit . deliver final kick to the gut , rudy and ferret - nose julio follow . int . 7 - 11 - night Bobby scuttle in . insert he card into the ATM . his balance flash '' $ 108,763.31 '' Bobby slam the machine . the kid behind the counter glare . 9/15/09 2gun 21 . int . bullpen , EL paso branch of the dea - day Deb work at she desk . Bobby hurry in . bobby I need you to come with I . deb I have not have a chance to brace jessup . across the bullpen - jessup call out from he office . jessup Bobby . if you will come in my office for a minute . bobby one sec. ( pull Deb 's arm ) come on , let 's go , we gotta get out of here . deb what 's wrong ? jessup now , Bobby . please . a beat . no real option , Bobby reluctantly come . int . jessup 's office - continuous jessup sit down . Bobby read jessup 's face . he note the bank record lay on jessup 's desk . jessup know . bobby papi greco plant the money in my account . jessup sit down . bobby he know I be close to nail he . jessup it do not matter . 9/15/09 2gun 22. beat . Bobby 's screw . bobby this be ... I ama lot of thing but I be not on the take . jessup then the truth will bear that out . pending a investigation , you be as of now on unpaid administrative leave . I be sorry . ext . parking lot , federal build - day deb what be you gonna do ? bobby I do not know . I be ... you know I would never ... deb I know . bobby ( a beat then ) I 's all rob the tres cruce . deb Bobby ... bobby the bank give we papi greco . when papi fall , one of he boy 'il flip , testify the money be plant in my account . deb or we could wait for the investigation to run its course . bobby the boss already think I be guilty . they will shuffle papers for six month then wipe they hand . deb and just when be you think of commit this act of lunacy ? bobby what be you do for lunch ? 9/15/09 2gun 23. deb you be completely hamstring I on this . bobby I be protect you by give you no other option . int . stig 's apartment - day a highly unfinish loft in a rundown building . the space be chop up by divider with window along one whole wall . stig lounge on a goodwill sofa eat fistful of fruit loops and blow shit up on X -box . 0.8. a fist pound at the door . it 's Bobby . bobby let 's hit the bank . int . tres cruce saving & loan - day the ornate wall clock show 12:55 . the customer and teller go about they business oblivious to the impending storm . ext . tres cruce / int . work van - day Bobby check he gun . stig hold up two Halloween mask : evil clown and frankenstein . stig who you want , clown or frankie ? bobby frankie . stig you say I be a clown ? bobby I do not care . stig I be kid . you can have frankie . Bobby consider stig . a image flash in Bobby 's mind : flash to : bobby 's imagination - Bobby and stig rush out of the bank right into the tooth of a dea ambush . 9/15/09 2gun 24 . stig look over at Bobby . realize Bobby have betrayed he . stig drop the money , level he gun at Bobby ... only to be cut down by a hail of dea bullet . CUT back to : stig ( cont 'd ) you good ? bobby yeah . stig not gonna back out on I ? bobby no . Bobby and stig pull on they mask and kick open the door . int . tres cruce saving & loan - same Business continue undisturbed as outside the window two man in mask climb out of a van ... ext . MAIN STREET , tres cruce - same Bobby and stig stride down the street ... and right on past the bank ... int . tres cruce police station - same officer dave ( the native american desk officer ) chat with officer phil ( paunchy ex-marine ) . officer phil «+-so what have you do with the remington 22 ? officer dave I trade it to my cousin for a espresso machine . officer phil you need special bean for that ? Bobby and stig blow in , gun levell . stig if you gentleman will refrain from reach for you firearm . 9/15/09 2gun 25 . bobby how many other people in the building ? officer phil just naomi and the Chief . officer dave why have you tell ‘em that ? the chief step out of the back office nose in a magazine . stig grab he , slam he to the floor . bobby easy . chief what the heck be this ? stig it 's a bank robbery . only instead of robbing the bank then let you chase we , we figure we have come get you first . naomi ( the office assistant ) enter . the coffee cup drop from she hand . shatter . bobby you must be naomi . int . holding cell , tres cruce police station - day stig and Bobby lock the cop in a cell . stig think we should leave they some water ? bobby anybody thirsty ? ( no hand ) they be fine . stig they be gonna be in there a while . Bobby sigh . Marches out . then march back in with a flat of water bottle which he drop by the cell door . bobby can we go ? 9/15/09 2gun 26 . int . tres cruce saving & loan - day Bobby and stig storm the bank . Bobby pin the guard , take he sidearm . stig spiderman over the bullet proof glass and corral the teller . bobby lady behind the counter , keep you hand visible and off the alarm . bank manager it 's all right , girl . just give they the drawer cash . stig ( gun to the manager 's nose ) do we ask for the drawer cash ? stig spot the guard inching a hand toward a ankle holster . stig ( cont 'd ) Guard . Bobby seamlessly whirl , kick away the guard 's backup piece . bobby we be be polite about this . sit tight . it will be over soon . Bobby toss he backpack to stig . stig grab the manager , usher he back to the locked vault gate . stig open the gate . bank manager I do not have the key . stig rip open the manager 's shirt revealing a key on a lanyard . dragging the manager by the lanyard , stig unlock the gate then deposit the manager on he butt . stig sit fido . up front - Bobby note a quivering female customer . she be near tear . he lean down and whisper to she . bobby just pretend you be not here . Bobby 's empathy only make the woman cry harder . 9/15/09 2gun 27 . bobby ( cont 'd ) sing a song . '' row , row , row you boat '' ? go ahead . row , row , row you boat ... scare woman row , row , row you boat / gently down the stream ... bobby everybody . '' encourage '' by Bobby 's gun , the bank patron join together in a shaky rendition of '' row , row , row you Boat . '' back in the vault - stig hang a net strung with magnetic charge across the wall of safe deposit box . stig arm the detonator . the magnet activate attach themselves to the door of the box . stig retreat outside the vault . stig Fire in the hole ! boom ! smoke billow . stig rush back into the vault . the box door be all blow off they hinge . stig pull out two box . both contain money - stuff attache case . stig open two more box . they also contain money - stuff case . as do the next two . and the next two . and the two after that . stig ( cont 'd ) uh , frankie ? Bobby edge back toward the vault . see stig surround by cash - cramme attache case . stig ( cont 'd ) they be all fill with money . bobby I think papi only have two safe deposit box . stig I get 18 and count . bobby ( grab the manager ) whose money be this ? bank manager I , I , I , please - - 9/15/09 2gun 28 . stig forget it . we take the money . figure it out later . stig grab a stack of bank satchel and start load . Bobby return to the MAIN room . out of stig 's earshot he sidle up to the prostrate Security Guard . bobby listen to I . when we leave , there 's gonna be police gunfire . when it hit , get everyone behind the counter . the guard nod , albeit warily . stig emerge from the vault , tote five sack of money . stig there be four more in the vault . Bobby hesitates , then go to the vault , grab the remain money . together he and stig march toward the front door ... flash to : bobbya' imagination - the image of stig get riddled by dea gunfire play over and over in Bobby 's mind ... CUT back to : Bobby slow allow stig to drift ahead of he . stig bang out the door and ... ext . tres cruce saving & loan - day ..- nothing . the street be quiet . no ambush . no cop . no dea . Bobby be stunne to say the least . stig come on . Bobby , not know what else to do , follow stig back to the van . they heave the money in back and roar off . ext . highway out of town / int . van - day stig drive . Bobby reel . he just rob a bank . up ahead a two car caravan zoom at they . as the car pass , Bobby spot Deb in the lead car with 4 windbreaker clad dea agent . 9/15/09 2gun 29 . Bobby peer into he side mirror . the dea caravan keep right on go . get smaller and smaller .... int . deb be car -— same deb be this as fast as you can go ? go. ext . tres cruce saving & loan - day the dea car roll up on the bank . Deb see the milling crowd , realize they be too late to stop anything . deb keep go . ( when the driver hesitates ) you want the world know one of we guy just rob a bank ? go. the dea car roll past the bank and off down the street . ext . scrubby middle of nowhere - day nothing but arroyos and scrub brush . Bobby and stig peer into the van at the massive pile of money and attache case . they expression be of concern rather than joy . stig we could not just be the luckiest chump on the face of the earth ? bobby you feel lucky ? stig how much you think be there ? bobby pack of hundred , 60 packet per case . 70 , 80 million ? stig punch the van . walk away . kick the dirt . stig money like this , someone 's gonna come look for it . Bobby brace for what he know he have to do . on the sly he palm he dea shield . 9/15/09 2gun 30 . bobby ( turn ) I have get some bad news . I be afraid you 's be -- reveal - stig , gun levele right at Bobby . Bobby hide he badge before stig can see it . stig I really like you , you know ? bobby I like you too . stig no , you do not . it 's okay . nobody like I . bobby that 's not true . you be a likeable guy . just put down the gun . stig I can not . I be sorry . order . bobby wait -- stig I have gotta shoot you now . bobby no no no -- stig shoot Bobby in the shoulder . Bobby tumble to the dirt . stig dammit . Hell . I be sorry , okay ? Bobby gasp / moan . stig feel like crap . he fetch a water bottle from the van , set it down beside Bobby . stig ( cont 'd ) here you go . stig spot Bobby 's shield lay in the dirt . stig spit polish it with he thumb . stig ( cont 'd ) sonofa ... damn , Bobby . damn . stig toss the badge aside . get in the van and roar off . Bobby try to get to he knee . he collapse . out. 9/15/09 2gun 31 . int . bathroom , HOTEL suite - day a Naval Academy ring rest on the sink beside the mini - shampoos emblazon with the name of the hotel : '' camino Real , El paso . '' hand turn off the faucet and put the ring back on . the hand belong to the admiral ( u.s.n . ) . int . HOTEL suite - continuous the Admiral return to the live room where the coffee table be pile with the steal cash from the tres cruse s&l . reveal - stig in the uniform of a Naval petty Officer . also present be seal master chief quince . stig snap to and salute . quince pour coffee for the Admiral . admiral that be a impressive mound of greenback . stig eighty -one million five hundred thirty two thousand . admiral ( to quince ) recount the money , then pack it up . we will stow it in my safe back in Corpus . stig my impression be we be suppose to come out of the bank with two million at most . the Admiral nod / mmm and sip he coffee . stig ( cont 'd ) you know , sir , it have be polite if you show at least a little surprise . who 's money be it ? admiral bad man unworthy of it . stig do not like the Admiral 's non - answer but he 's a Admiral and stig 's not . admiral ( cont 'd ) otherwise all go well ? 9/15/09 2gun 32 . stig 4 -a , sir . admiral and Mr. Bobby bean ? stig put a bullet in he . Left he in the desert . admiral Dead ? stig more than likely . admiral you order be to kill he . stig my order be to shoot he . you never say '' kill . '' admiral Son , the whole point of you partner with Bobby bean be to create a cut - out so the robbery could not be trace back to we . stig my cover 's solid . there 's no way it will trace back . admiral that 's a call make above you pay grade . Chief quince take petty Officer stigman back out to the desert , make sure we cut - out 's dead . quince done and dust , sir . stig do you know he be a dea agent ? admiral no. I do not . stig no offense , but you really need to work on you '' surprised '' face . 9/15/09 2gun 33 . admiral if Bobby bean be dea , he help you rob a bank which make he dirty and for that I have get no mercy . ext . scrubby middle of nowhere - day Bobby rouse . the sun blare down . his breath be labor . bobby get up , you stupid sonofabitch . Bobby will himself to he foot . the landscape be empty to the horizon . he stagger forward . time become liquid ... Bobby 's foot shuffle in the dirt ... his chest heaving ... blood seeping from he shoulder ... down he arm ... Bobby drop to all four . blood , he blood , drip to the arid ground and ball up like quicksilver . a shadow appear over Bobby . a a 11 year -old mexican boy on a play - out horse . the boy have a .22 rifle , and it 's aim right at Bobby . boy you coyote or drug runner ? bobby I be ... I be .a police officer . boy where 's you badge ? bobby I lose it . boy coyotes leave 6 people in the desert last week . Promised to get they across the border . take they money , leave they to die . Bobby can not believe the absurdity of this . bobby I be goddamn bleed here . boy not my fault . 9/15/09 2gun 34 . Bobby lunge for the boy 's rifle . the boy smack Bobby with the rifle butt and ride off . Bobby chase , but the boy just gallop further and further away until Bobby 's leg give out and he tumble to the pavement -- yes , pavement -- as he have collapse along a two lane highway . ext . road / int . truck - moving - same mickey gallahad roll along in he 1995 pick - up with a camper top and a rv trailer in tow . reaching into a paper bag he pull out a newly purchase fleshlight ( a flashlight - shape '' sexual aid '' ) . mickey bite open the plastic and unzip . mickey come to daddy . up ahead mickey spot a blood -cake man lay in the middle of the road . it 's Bobby , of course . mickey swerve and stomp the brake . climb out , he hustle over . mickey ( cont ’d ) Jesus . mister , be you okay ? Bobby look up at mickey . at the fleshlight in he hand . bobby what the hell be that ? mickey this ? it 's , um ... dang . it ’sa pocket pussy . Bobby consider mickey . then simply pull out he gun . CUT to : Bobby drive off in mickey 's truck leave mickey by the side of the road with he fleshlight and he rv trailer . int . slum house , unknown foreign country - day earl fullman ( 50 , slim tie , silver western - style bracelet on he wrist ) wash he hand at the grimy sink . earl the United States be the great country in the world . because we accept that man at he core be greedy , selfish , and covetous . 9/15/09 2gun 35 . Earl rifle the cabinet . find a box of lucky charm . pour a bowl , he pick out the marshmallow and place they in a tidy stack . in the f.g. sit a figure tie to a chair . earl ( cont 'd ) we do not try to ameliorate this quality , fence they in . we embrace they . we line everybody up , say , you be on you own boy , grab all you can grab . that 's why we will always win . because we do not fight the ugly truth of human nature . a thick necked fellow with sunglass and a ear piece enter tote a satellite phone . Earl take the handset . earl ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) yeah ?... when ?... how much do they get ?... what be we money do in a bank in New Mexico ?... I will be on the next transport . Earl toss the phone back to agent thick neck . earl ( cont 'd ) pack it up . we be out of here . thick what about ... Earl look back at he '' audience . '' the man in the chair be blindfolded and naked with electrode strapped to he ball . earl leave he as lunch meat for the rat . Earl exit . agent thick neck and he lean partner follow . int . kennel , vet office - day patsy ( 19 , chipper ) bop to the latest groove on she ipod as she coo at the dog and the cat and even the iguana . patsy dinner time my cuty . Chester . igor. how 's my stumpy ? rounding the corner , patsy come up short . propped against the wall , in he blood - soak shirt , be Bobby . 9/15/09 2gun 36 . bobby you must be Dr. Ken 's new assistant . int . vet office - later Bobby sit on the table as a flustered dr . ken inspect Bobby 's gunshot wound . patsy loiter in the corner . dr . ken Jesus , Bobby , Jesus , what be I suppose to do with this ? bobby stitch I up , take the bullet out . dr . ken I be a vet not a trauma surgeon . something like this , Jesus . you gotta go . bobby Kenny , you remember offer to sell I 500 hit of ketamine last month ? dr . ken you say you be not interested . bobby I be a dea agent , Kenny . and if you do not stitch I up , I be gonna tell the da how you like to cruise Tori amo concert sell special k to weepy college girl . dr . ken you be not a cop . Bobby grab Dr. Ken , squish he face against the wall . bobby you have the right to remain silent . you have the right to have a attorney present during question . do I keep go ? dr . ken whatever , okay , I 'il do it . 9/15/09 2gun 37 . bobby ( to patsy ) you boss be a real swell guy . dr . ken and you be the humanitarian of the year . ext . scrubby middle of nowhere - day quince pick Bobby 's shield up out of the dust . over by the car , stig watch quince huddle with two more seal , mini ( who 's anything but ) and teemo ( compact , intense ) . teemo blood trail head off South - Southeast . there be a couple of deep wash but no sign of a body . quince shoot a look at stig then call the Admiral . gazing off , stig spot a coyote . Wild and alone . the coyote gaze back , then suddenly take off after a small critter . all tooth and snarl . quince he want to talk to you . stig take the phone . admiral ( 0.s. - on the phone ) you have put we in quite a hole . stig I do not see it that way , sir , but you be the man with the star . admiral ( 0.s. - on the phone ) all the pride I have in you , the way you conduct you mission , you toss it to the wind . stig be honestly stung by the Admiral 's disapproval . stig yes , sir . I be sorry , sir . in the warpe reflection of the car windshield , stig spot Mini come up behind he , a black hood in hand .... stig spin as Mini whip the hood over stig 's head . stig head butt Mini , smack Mini face first against the car ... 9/15/09 2gun 38 . teemo and quince draw they gun . stig dive over the hood . bullet spray . beneath the car stig see the foot of the seal move to flank he . stig sprint for a nearby arroyo . ricochet chase he heel as he slide / tumble into the wash . the fire - fight become hide & seek through the scrub pine . everyone move fast and low . quince spot stig . charge after he . break through a stand of tree and -- wham -- stig level quince with a branch . quince kick out and sweep stig 's leg . the two man grapple . quince go for stig 's eye with he thumb . stig bite quince 's finger . they roll apart . quince clamber after he fall pistol . stig scramble up out of the wash . quince fire . Wide . the seal chase stig up out of the wash but at the top there be no sign of he . a darting shadow draw the aim of all three man . the coyote . quince take a shot at it in frustration . o.s. they hear the car engine rev . quince and the seal race back toward the car . but stig and the car be go . int . HOTEL suite - night the phone ring . the Admiral answer . intercut with : ext . phone booth along highway - same stig whose money be it , sir ? must be somebody pretty scary . admiral where be you ? stig you tell I it be drug money . you tell I there have be two million and all of it would go to the family of the man we lose in Kashmir . 9/15/09 2gun 39 . admiral I tell you what you need to hear to go through with the mission . stig the navy teach I honor , sir . it teach I to fight the enemy and protect my own . admiral I think you be under a mistaken impression . stig I be . admiral listen to I . we both love we country -- stig do not . please . I still believe in the value the navy teach I , sir . I just do not believe in you . admiral I be sorry to hear that . I be even more sorry to hear that you go awol 3 month ago and shot a mp . stig do I kill he ? admiral I have not decide yet . you be the egg and I be the wall , son . and when egg and wall come together , there 's only one end to the story . the navy 's grateful for you service . with that the Admiral hang up . ext . tres cruce saving & loan - day Police car blockade the entrance . Earl pull up with he aide , thick and lean . int . tres cruce saving & loan — continuous the bank be abuzz with police and a handful of FBI Agents . 9/15/09 2gun officer phil I be sorry , gentleman , this be a close crime scene . earl we need to see the bank manager . officer phil who be you ? earl I be nobody . I be not even here . in fact I do not even exist . a man in a FBI windbreaker step up . FBI man can I help you ? officer phil they want to see the manager . earl you the special agent in charge ? ( hand over a card ) here . call this number . tell the man who answer , '' Earl say ' hi . ' '' on the card be a phone number . nothing more . earl ( cont 'd ) go on . the FBI man step away to call the number on the card . the window , Earl note the burnt out diner . earl ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , when do that diner burn down ? officer phil two , three day ago . earl ( to thick ) get interview with the wait staff . see if this and that be connect . officer phil it be just a grease fire . earl do I ask you you opinion , gomer ? 40 . out 9/15/09 2gun 41. the FBI man return , highly shake . hand back the card . FBI man give he whatever the hell he want . officer phil who be he ? FBI man he 's nobody . the FBI man walk off , want as much space between himself and Earl as possible . ext . federal build , EL paso - day park up the street in Dr. Ken 's mercede ( licence plate : '' pussdoc '' ) , Bobby watch Deb drive out of the garage . ext . camino real HOTEL - day Bobby watch Deb head inside . he wait a beat then follow . doorman welcome to the camino Real . int . lobby , camino real HOTEL - day Deb step onto the elevator . just as the door be close , Bobby jump in . pull the emergency stop . bobby a quickie with harvey at the camino Real ? now there 's a lovely way to spend the afternoon . deb Jesus Christ , Bobby , what the hell happen ? bobby I rob a bank . what happen to you ? deb I be there with a squad of six agent at 1:03 . 9/15/09 2gun 42 . bobby you be late . deb you be early . for Christ sake , you lock up the entire police department . bobby I do not want anyone get hurt . deb so why do not you pull you own badge and stop it ? bobby I do . just before stig shot I . Bobby flash Deb the bloody dress on he shoulder . deb oh my god . bobby he set I up . he leave I for dead , and I do not see it come . deb you have gotta turn yourself in . bobby I can not help myself if I be in jail . deb it 's not you all alone against the world . it never have be . bobby I know that . look , if I can find stig and the money then at least I have get a story to sell . what I need from you be to take a second look at stig 's background . see if there 's anything we miss , anything that might help track he . deb sure . bobby I 'il owe you . 9/15/09 2gun 43. deb you ’1ll always owe I . Bobby restart the elevator and get off at the next floor . bobby tell harvey I say '' hi . '' ext . vet office - day mickey gallahad 's pick - up be park outside . Mr. lean peer in the driver 's side window . the seat be cake in blood . int . vet office - day Mr. thick blockade the door . Dr. Ken fidget . patsy chomp she gum , kind of entertained by the excitement . dr . ken this be ludicrous . I have not do anything . I have animal that need care . Dr. Ken make like he 's go to march out the door . thick 's stone reaction send Dr. Ken back to he chair . Earl enter . whisper with thick . thick exit . earl so who would you fix up last night ? dr . ken what be you talk about ? earl there 's a steal car outside with blood all over the driver 's seat . dr . ken I do not know anything about that . earl all right . Earl pull out a revolver , dump out all six bullet . earl ( cont 'd ) you ever play Russian roulette ? course not , what be I think ? Earl put one bullet in the chamber , spin it , snap it shut . 9/15/09 2gun 44 , earl ( cont 'd ) thing be most people put the gun to the temple , and that 's just stupid . what if the bullet 's in the first chamber ? you blow a guy 's head off before he ever have a chance to tell you what you want to know . Earl put the gun to Dr. Ken 's knee . Dr. Ken squirm . Earl pull the trigger . blam ! Dr. Ken howl . earl ( cont 'd ) case in point . int . stig 's apartment - night Bobby pick the lock , slip inside . he search but find little except for evidence of stig 's poor housekeep and love of sugar cereal . the phone ring . the machine pick up . stig ( o.s. - on the machine ) pick up the phone ... come on , stop eyeball my cereal and pick up the phone ... Fine . the machine click off . a beat . Bobby 's cell ring . Bobby check the caller id . it 's stig . Bobby answer . stig ( o.s. - on the phone ) ( cont 'd ) thank you . first question , be you really dea ? ext . rooftop across the STREET - same burrowed under a tarp , stig use the scope atop a sniper rifle to watch Bobby through the window of the loft . bobby let I put the cuff on you and you will find out . stig 's Pov - down on the street below , quince , Mini , and teemo approach stig 's building . stig uh-oh . Three very bad man just walk up to the building . if they catch you in my place they be liable to get ugly . 9/15/09 2gun 45 . intercutting : Bobby race to the window . see the seal below . turn , he hustle for the elevator . bobby I swear to god , when I find you ... stig 's Pov - in the lobby quince and teemo board the elevator while Mini take the stair . stig I would not take the elevator . Bobby turn for the stair . stig ( cont 'd ) would not do the stair either . there 's a goon name Mini on the way up . he will not like you . nowhere to go , Bobby retreat back into the apartment . stig ( cont 'd ) so just how dirty be you ? bobby go to hell . stig it 's just you seem like a decent guy . I mean , you be willing to rob a bank but it 's not like you be a weasel about it . Bobby dig through the kitchen drawer for weapon . find a large knife . stig ( cont 'd ) a knife to a gun fight ? come on , Bobby . bobby where be you ? stig to you right , look at the toaster . Bobby look . in the chrome reflection , he spot a red laser dot in the middle of he forehead . Bobby dive for cover . 9/15/09 2gun 46 . stig ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna kill you . I like you . I just need to figure out if I can trust you . bobby you ? trust I ? you shot I . stig do I kill you ? I could have kill you . in fact if I have kill you I would not be in this mess . stig 's Pov - quince and teemo step off the elevator . stig ( cont 'd ) oh , boy . Three bogy right outside the door . you best chance be to head for the back bathroom . ignoring stig , Bobby hide behind the couch . stig ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? that 's a stupid place to hide . the door kick open . the seal burst in . Bobby hold tight . quince signal teemo and Mini to disperse about the loft . stig ( cont 'd ) okay , we will do this the hard way . on my mark , cut low and leave behind the chair .... go. Bobby move quick and low . thanks to stig 's timing the seal be all look other direction . stig ( cont 'd ) next stop , around the bookshelf and beneath the bed ... go. per stig 's instruction , Bobby dart around the right side of the bookshelf just as quince come the other direction around the leave side . dive under the bed , Bobby just miss get spot by teemo . stig ( cont 'd ) okay . Roll right , crawl into the bathroom , hide in the tub . now . Bobby roll . crawl into the bathroom . climb in the tub . 9/15/09 2gun 47 . bobby who be this guy ? stig some people I use to work with . we have a philosophical fall out . bobby and now they want you dead ? stig pretty much . bobby I understand the feel . stig you be just mad ' cuz you think you be the one play I . admit it , I be good . Bobby start to get out of the tub . stig ( cont 'd ) wait , not yet . Bobby wait . quince pass by the open doorway . bobby why I ? stig why you ? you be perfect . you do not trust anyone , you do not like anyone , you do not have people so who 's gonna have you back when you fall ? another shadow slide past the doorway . teemo this time . stig ( cont 'd ) all right , time to go . step up onto the toilet and open the top half of the window . Bobby do as instruct . stig ( cont 'd ) now climb out and up onto the roof . jutting out above the window be a stone ledge that Bobby will have to free climb over if he 's to make the roof . 9/15/09 2gun 48. bobby what 's option 2 ? stig it 's completely doable . I scope this as a escape route myself . bobby you have two good arm . I have gota bullet hole in one of mine . Bobby look at the ledge . no way . he climb back in . stig no , no , no , Bobby . you gotta go . Bobby duck behind the door . peek out . stig ( cont 'd ) I would not do that . Bobby make a break for the bed . teemo spot he and unload . Bobby sprawl . stig open fire . window shatter . Glass rain . teemo be hit in the leg . quince and Mini fire at Bobby but with stig pin they down they can not get a angle on he . Bobby break for the kitchen island . stig cover he with a sweeping volley . quince unleash a volley out the window at stig . stig return fire which allow Bobby to dash out the door . int . stairwell — continuous Bobby whip down the stair . ext . roof top across the STREET - same stig retreat and climb down the fire escape . ext . stig 's build - same Bobby sprint outside . a car squeal up . the passenger door kick open . it 's stig. 9/15/09 2gun 49 . stig get in . Bobby level he gun at stig . stig stomp the gas and speed off . Bobby fire at stig 's car blow out the rear tire . stig spin out , smack head on into a park car . climb out , stig hustle away on foot . Bobby chase he around the corner , only to have stig seemingly vanish . Bobby look around . Notes a rowdy , packed bar .... int . rowdy , packed bar - night eye on alert , stig hunch over a beer near the back of the bar . out of nowhere a pretty young thing name susie flop into the booth . susie you wanna have sex ? stig ( completely flummox ) I , uh ... susie knock boot ? you know , go back to my place and make sweet , sweet monkey love ? stig stammer , topple he glass , mop at the spill beer . susie ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , you friend give I fifty buck to do that . stig friend ? Bobby slide into the booth beside stig , beer in one hand , gun jabbe into stig 's rib under the table with the other . bobby hi . thanks , susie . you can take off . stig no , stay . 9/15/09 2gun 50 . bobby now Bruce , you promise you have come dance with I . stig not tonight , honey . bobby you want I to go to the movie with you . stig that be different . the movie do not involve you put I in handcuffs . susie I be gonna let you two work this out . susie leave stig and Bobby to they '' lover 's spat . '' Bobby jab stig with he pistol . bobby question one : whose idea be it to plant the 100 k in my account , yours or papi greco ? stig what 100k ? bobby wrong answer . stig why would I be work with papi greco when it be he money we be steal . bobby because it be not actually he money . stig true , but I do not know that . bobby so who 's money be it ? stig I do not know , but the guy in my apartment be willing to kill you and I to keep we from find out . 9/15/09 2gun 51 . bobby & stig 's Pov - across the bar susie relate she encounter to she girlfriend . the girl titter and gawk . stig ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you involved a civilian . that be so outside the line . bobby what line ? stig rule of engagement . bobby rule of ... what be you military ? ( realization ) oh , Jesus . you be military . stig I can not really say . if I could trust you be not dirty , maybe I could , but I do not , so I can not . bobby you be part of a military conspiracy to rob a bank , and you be worried that I be dirty ? stig you rob the bank too . bobby I be not try to get away with it . my people be suppose to arrest we as soon as we access the safe deposit box . stig so wait , the robbery , you be just set I up ? bobby it have nothing to do with you . I be try to bust papi greco for tax evasion . stig thanks , really . it 's good to know , I spend 20 year in jail be a complete afterthought to you . 9/15/09 2gun 52 . bobby hey , just who shot who here ? come on . let 's go . Bobby prod stig . shift as if to rise , stig knock Bobby 's beer into he lap . Bobby flinch the tiniest bit , but it 's enough for stig get he own gun out and jab it into Bobby 's rib . now they both have gun . stig I can not believe you do not see that come . how do you not see that move come ? bobby I guess I just miss it . over by the front door - quince enter , scan the bar . Bobby and stig both see he . uh-oh . without warning stig rear back and deck Bobby . Bobby sprawl . stig you slut . how could you sleep with ricardo ? the bouncer instantly descend on stig while at the same time the tightly pack crowd blockade quince . stig ( cont 'd ) it 's all right , I be leave , I be out . stig hurry out the back . Bobby scramble to go after he . bouncer let he go , buddy . there 's plenty of fish in the sea . Bobby pull loose . slam out the back door into -- the alley behind the bar - there be no sign of stig . Bobby curse . back inside - quince shoulder through the crowd , but by the time he get -- outside - 9/15/09 2gun 53. Bobby like stig before he have vanish . int . jessup 's house - night a modest home on a modest street . jessup , ( Bobby 's boss at dea ) fix a whiskey and pepto . 0o.s. a knock at the door . it 's Earl . without invitation Earl bull past jessup inside . earl you have get a nice place . unpretentious . jessup what be you do ? who be you ? earl where 's we money ? jessup I have no idea what you be talk about . earl you think dea can just waltz into we bank , steal we money , and we be not gonna kick ? jessup get out of my house . jessup go to grab the pistol in he desk drawer . earl do not do that . a gun cock freeze jessup in he track . reveal - behind jessup be Mr. thick . ( thick snuck in through the patio door while jessup be at the front door with Earl ) . Mr. lean slip in through kitchen door and join the party . earl ( cont 'd ) Close the drawer , please . ( jessup close the drawer ) you man , Bobby bean -- Bobby trench steal 81 million of we dollar . we want they back . because it 's we money ; and because it 's a blatant act of disrespect ; and because it 's we money . 9/15/09 2gun 54 . int . bobbya' townhouse - night close on - the phonebook leave behind by papi greco . a hand reach in and pick it up . it 's stig . wandering the townhouse , stig call Bobby 's cell phone . he get voicemail . stig hey , Bobby . it 's I . I want you to know , I break into you place . do not worry , there 's no bust glass . the lock on you patio door 's kinda shot but ... anyway I do not want you get paranoid . stig consider the blank slate feel of the townhouse . Basic furniture . bare wall . nothing personal anywhere . stig ( cont 'd ) to tell the truth I expect plusher dig from the man who can get anyone anything . but that be just the part you be play , right ? stig check Bobby 's drawer , cabinet , closet . stig ( cont 'd ) I think for a sec maybe you be go for a whole ascetic statement , but for that you have have to have like one bad jazz CD you play over and over . beneath the carpete at the rear of the linen closet , stig find a stash hole . Hidden inside be Bobby 's only personal effect . his dea credential , a few photo , a snow globe of the twin tower , a justice Department commendation medal . stig ( cont 'd ) '' commendation for exceptional service in the public interest . '' stig consider a photo of a piss off teenage Bobby stand with he father , a Marine Corps sergeant . stig ( cont 'd ) why do not you tell I you dad be a jarhead ? it explain everything . the surliness , the cranky attitude . ( beat ) ( more ) 9/15/09 2gun 55 . stig ( cont 'd ) not to be over the line but you do not look like you have the happiest of childhood . stig consider a photo of Bobby from he time as a Chicago Police Officer , he bear all righteousness and rectitude . stig ( cont 'd ) anyway the real question be how deep into you part do you go ? do papi actually set you up or be the bank the big score that would set you free ? the phone line beeps . electronic voice on phone if you be happy with you message , press one . if you would like to erase you message and start over , press two . stig think . then hit 2 and erase he message . int . deb 's cubical , dea - night Deb brood at she desk . everyone except the clean crew have go home . her phone ring . she grab it . deb tell I it 's you . intercut with : int . dr . ken 's mercede - parked - late night Bobby test he wounded shoulder . not good . he pop three vidicon , swallow they dry . bobby you find anything new on stig ? deb he come up clean in every data base I be clear for . to go deeper I would need clearance from jessup . bobby so no military connection , record of service ? 9/15/09 2gun 56 . deb no . why , what be you look for ? bobby I do not know . somebody burn I to papi greco . somebody convinced he to put that money in my account to make sure I have go through with the robbery . deb stig . bobby stig do not even know I be dea . besides he 's get people try to kill he too . ( beat ) it 's like I be drown in quicksand . deb what can I do ? bobby do you think it ever could have work between we ? if we have really give it a try ? deb I be not sure what answer you want to hear . neither be Bobby . bobby it could have be nice , right ? deb it would not have be you . she 's right . and it 's a truth that hurt . bobby look , whatever happen I promise I will leave you out of it . we never talk , I never call , you do not even know I . Bobby hang up . Deb call he right back . staying with bobby - 9/15/09 2gun 57 . Deb 's call register on Bobby 's phone . Bobby hit '' ignore '' and climb out of the car . ext . suburban STREET - continuous Bobby stride up the street , knock on the door of a house . the door be open by Mr. lean . this be jessup 's house . all at once and with startling swiftness -- int . jessup 's house - continuous lean reach for he gun . Bobby lunge at lean . they tussle . lean 's gun discharge - blam . the shot momentarily distract Earl and thick allow jessup to go for the gun in the desk . thick pistol whip jessup . jessup go down but get off a wild shot . Earl whirl and pump two into jessup 's chest . lean knee Bobby in the ball . slam Bobby to the floor . jessup 's eye meet Bobby 's . they be fill with the panic of a man who know he be die . Bobby thrashes but lean keep Bobby 's head pin to the floor . Earl spit a curse . Marches over to thick , chop he in the throat , snatch he gun , drop he with a elbow . earl that be how you take down a man with a gun . with a surprising tenderness , Earl bend over jessup . earl ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . there 's no turn back . let it come . jessup gasp . and die . earl ( cont 'd ) Dust to dust . ( a beat - to Bobby ) you take we money . Bobby grit he tooth and refuse to look at Earl . earl ( cont 'd ) look at I , not at he . 9/15/09 2gun 58 . bobby who be you ? earl can you imagine the hide hand of God ? well , I be God 's sonofabitch . Earl take out a pen knife . earl ( cont 'd ) who at dea authorize you to steal we money ? Bobby be mum . Earl twist the knife into Bobby 's wound . Bobby howl . earl ( cont 'd ) you be gonna tell I , so just tell I . who authorize you to steal we money ? bobby I be freelance . I be off the reservation . earl and you just happen to pick we bank ? bobby I think it be drug money . I think it belong to papi greco . earl and who give you that idea ? bobby stig , Mark stigman . he set I up then he shot I . earl and the money ? bobby I do not know . earl so no idea ? nothing at all ? or if press , might you suddenly find inspiration as to where to look ? bobby sure . 9/15/09 2gun 59 . earl you know what you be ? you be a dirty dea agent who rob a bank and murder you boss . you walk into any police station , any federal office , that 's the story they be gonna have . unless ... you bring I 81.53 million dollar . Earl pull out a sharpie . write 81.53 on Bobby 's arm . earl ( cont 'd ) 81.53 million and he 's a suicide . 81.53 and you walk away clean . have I properly incentivize you ? then get after it . go on . Bobby stagger to he foot . Earl tuck he card in Bobby 's pocket . Bobby look back at jessup 's body . earl ( cont 'd ) if you be think he deserve better , you be right . ext . jessup 's house - continuous Bobby hustle back to he car . a beat . he punch the steering wheel , the roof , the seat . his rage ebb . he 's still fuck . he throw the car in gear and drive off . ext . upscale development - night a 7 - series BMW sit park in front of a expansive but not gaudy home . beside the BMW , smoking a cigarette , be ferret - nose julio . a hand tap julio on the shoulder . bobby hola . Bobby pistol whip ferret -nose julio . julio drop like a bag of rock as he cigarette go spin through the air .... int . child 's room , nice house - night cesar ( age 7 ) sit in bed cradling a jackknife . his father , papi greco , open the knife and show he how to hold it . 9/15/09 2gun 60 . papi GRECO hold it firm but not tight . a knife be a tool . you treat it with respect . Cesar 's mother , daisi ( sensuous and lovely ) watch from the door . tuck Cesar in , papi cross to she . daisi ( in spanish ) he miss you . papi GRECO ( in spanish ) and I miss you . but you be safer in El paso than juarez where half the police be own by my enemy . papi give she a heartfelt kiss and a cash roll . ext . daisi 's nice house - night Bobby hogty julio , stow he in the bush . climb behind the wheel of papi 's car , Bobby hunker low and wait . in the reflection in the side mirror - Bobby watch rudy and papi emerge from the house . papi GRECO let 's get move , julio . I want to be back across the border by dawn . Bobby finger he pistol as papi 's hand reach to open the car door ... suddenly out of nowhere . a engine . headlight . rudy and papi whirl as a car barrel up on to the lawn . plow into rudy . rudy be toss into the shrub . stig leap out of the car . snatch papi . smack he head on the roof . sling he into the trunk . Bobby jump from the BMW , level he gun . stig whirl -- stig Jesus , you scared I . bobby what be you do ? stig kidnap papi greco. 9/15/09 2gun 61 . bobby gimme you key . stig why , you afraid what he 's gonna tell I ? bobby no . it 's just I get my own question for papi greco and I get here first . stig you can have he when I be do . bobby the gun say I do not wait in line . stig drop the key down the front of he pants . stig come and get ‘em . pop - Bobby sock stig in the nose with he gun butt . stig stagger back . stig ( cont 'd ) that be uncall for . Bobby aim he pistol at stig 's crotch . bobby I be aim for the leave one , but even at this range I might clip both . stig give . with a shimmy / shake he leg he maneuver the key down he pantleg onto he shoe top . stig you know , I like you better when you be I - know - a - guy Bobby . that Bobby be a good guy . I trust that Bobby . bobby yeah , well , I like you better when you be a two - bit thief with a chip on you shoulder . stig kick the key high in the air and surge at Bobby . blam - Bobby fire a shot into the pavement between stig 's leg . stig freeze . 9/15/09 2gun 62 . stig saw that move come ? bobby yup . stig so what now ? one of we be gonna have to pick up the key . a beat . 0o.s. from inside the trunk , papi greco thump and curse . still neither make the first move . across the lawn , rudy pull himself up onto one elbow and fire he uzi. bullet spray . stig and Bobby dive . as Bobby return fire , stig grab the key , jump in the car , and speed off . Bobby curse , jump in the BMW , and chase . ext . highway - night Bobby speed down the road , he headlight blaring in stig 's rear view . slide up tight , he whacks stig 's bumper . stig ignore the hit and floor it through traffic . Bobby stay right on he . they bang , they bump , they bash . Bobby pull alongside stig and aim he gun out the window at stig 's head . stig stomp the brake and swerve / spin across the median , across oncoming traffic , and off down a dirt access road . Bobby throw the BMW into a power slide , get clipped by oncoming traffic , but keep right on after stig . gravel spray as Bobby chase stig away from the highway , away from the light , down smaller and smaller road . stig flip a u-turn and take off cross -country through the cottonwood . Bobby track after he . deeper and deeper out into nowhere . amid the dust all Bobby can see be the red of stig 's tail light . he be drive blind . tree flash out of blackness . he swerve and dodge . he will not give up the chase . stig cut leave around a stand of scrub pine . Bobby cut right . the car separate , then pivot and charge at each other . it 's a game of chicken . light rush at light . they be about to smash head on when -- 9/15/09 2gun 63 . both man veer at the last moment . stig go nose first into a ditch . Bobby go head on into a cactus . the two man tumble from they car . Bobby throw a haymaker at stig . stig slip the punch . both man tumble to the dirt . a beat . there they sit in the dusty glow of they headlight . gass . a beat . stig laugh . stig come on , that be kinda fun . almost despite himself , Bobby let a half - smile slip out . bobby you be insane . stig Nah . I be Naval Intelligence . or be . the Admiral fubare my jacket so I be list 3 month awol . bobby you be lucky . they have get I kill my boss . stig do you ? Bobby chuck a pebble at stig . stig ( cont 'd ) so we be both innocent ? innocent and completely screw ? bobby unless you can prove you be under order when you rob the bank . stig nope . you ? bobby technically I be not . stig that 's hard core . they both chuckle . bond by they communal fuck - ness . bobby so what would you want with we boy in the trunk ? 9/15/09 2gun 64 . stig you say he set you up to look dirty . I figure I have check you story , see if I could really trust you . you ? bobby somebody tip he I be dea . I think if I could get he to tell I , I could slip the noose , track down the money , escape . stig grab the key from he car and flip they to Bobby . stig well , I guess you better ask he . bobby when this be over , I be still gonna shoot you . stig do you really think that 's gonna make you feel better ? bobby yeah , I do . Bobby pop the trunk . twisted up inside , papi greco be cake with spittle and vomit . stig do he puke ? I think he puke . bobby it be a bouncy ride . ( to papi ) who tell you I be dea ? stig be it the Admiral ? papi GRECO sure , it be the Admiral , fuck you both . stig I do not think it be the Admiral . bobby this might take a while . Bobby slam the trunk . 9/15/09 2gun 65 . int . garage , suburban home - night Bobby pull a makeshift blindfold off papi 's head . papi be bound to a lawn chair with extension cord . bobby how do you want to do this ? stig we could waterboard he ? bobby do not we need like equipment ? stig just a couple bucket and some plastic wrap . papi GRECO you will not do it . the United States government do not torture . bobby yeah , well , I be persona non grata with the government , so I do not feel particularly compel to follow they rule . stig we should at least give he a chance tell we . papi GRECO I hope you like the taste of ball , ' cuz I be gonna cut yours off , stuff ‘em in you mouth . or maybe I '11l put yours in he and he in yours . stig I all go find the plastic wrap . bobby when you set I up , do you know I no rob the tres cruce ? papi GRECO the tres cruce ? you rob the tres cruce ? stig we think we be robbing you . 9/15/09 2gun 66 . papi burst out laugh . he howl . papi GRECO oh , no . no , no , no ... bobby I do not know it be so funny . papi GRECO you be dead , you be both dead and I do not even have to kill you . glee be not the reaction Bobby and stig expect . Bobby slap papi . but even that fail to dampen papi 's mood . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) how much you get ? bobby ( a look to stig , he lie ) two million . papi GRECO I think you be sharp . Mr. Bobby bean . but you , you rip off the CIA . stig why would you be stashing money in the same bank as the CIA ? papi GRECO what money ? the only money I ship to that bank be my payment . stig and Bobby trade a confuse look . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) what ? bobby we be kinda slow . so how ' bout you lay it out piecemeal ? papi GRECO you do not know ? the CIA , they skim off 7 % of my revenue . in return they '' let '' I fly my shit across the border -- not that I be have any problem with that . they take a piece from all the cartel . it 's goddamn imperialism . 9/15/09 2gun 67 . stig he 's lie . papi GRECO okay , I be lie . I ’ma liar . they be still gonna kill you . the garage door ka-clunk . Bobby and stig whirl gun levele as scroll upward revealing deb 's car . deb Bobby ? int . deb 's kitchen - night Bobby placate Deb while stig poke through the fridge . deb you kidnap a drug kingpin and tie he up in my garage ? stig mind if I swipe a yogurt ? deb what the hell happen to leave I out of this ? bobby jessup 's dead . that hit Deb like a ton of brick . bobby ( cont 'd ) the CIA , it be they money . they come look for it . deb ( sink into a chair ) oh my god ... stig I be gonna get some air . stig exit out the patio door . deb how do this get so mess up ? ( swatting Bobby ) you bastard . Deb swat at Bobby again . Bobby take it . 9/15/09 2gun 68 . int . HOTEL ballroom - night the Admiral be at the podium give a power point presentation to 500 military / government type . admiral outdated force - projection paradigm must be abandon if the navy be to embrace the new reality of asymmetrical combat . we must shake off the rust and refocus on that area where non-state actor and criminal enterprise intersect : somali pirate , weapon smuggler , narcotrafficker . slide . ( be : the new slide ) a submarine . under construction in middle of the columbian jungle ... ext . HOTEL , loading dock - night the Admiral stride outside . Mini and 4 other seal ( luca , kelvin , sanger , and gomez ) wait by a suv . laid out in back be teemo , a field dress on he leg . admiral have Chief quince report in ? mini still out hunt . admiral what he hunt , he find . so be ready . how 's teemo ? mini bullet miss the femoral artery but ... the Admiral check teemo 's leg . it 's not good . admiral you hang in there ? teemo I be think , sir , maybe Mini could take I to the base hospital , say it be a training accident ? 9/15/09 2gun 69 . admiral you know procedure . the boy would be tie up with question for day . we have to settle thing with stigman and the cut - out first . teemo right . of course . I be sorry . admiral you need anything more for the pain ? teemo no , sir . I be strong . admiral you have my admiration and my respect . teemo beam . the Admiral 's respect be better than morphine . the Admiral 's phone ring . he step away to answer it . intercut with : ext . back yard , deb 's house - night stig huddle out of Bobby and Deb 's sight . stig it 's all take you 6 minute to trace this call . I will be off in 3 so do not bother . admiral would not think of it . the Admiral motion to Mini - '' trace this call . '' stig be it CIA money ? admiral ( a beat , then the truth ) off the book money earn from drug dealer . stig what be you go to do with it ? admiral fight the enemy of America . 9/15/09 2gun 70 . stig as define by you . admiral who better ? stig do you even care about the family of the man we leave behind ? admiral money will not bring back the dead . what it will do be allow we to take the battle to enemy without constraint or remorse . stig or oversight ? admiral we be at war . stig not with the CIA . admiral with Muslim extremist . with petro - dictator . with a ignorant Congress that force the navy to account for every penny while the CIA finances a off-the-book slush fund with money extort from papi greco and a dozen other druglord . stig so you decide to hijack they off - the-books slush fund and use it to run rogue op ? admiral I be charge with protect the people of this nation . and what the people want be to lay safe in they bed untrouble by the moral compromise require to achieve that safety . if I think you understand ... Bobby appear behind stig . bobby who be you talk to ? 9/15/09 2gun 71 . stig I be just confirm papi 's story . bobby ( snatching stig 's phone ) give I that . ( to the Admiral on phone ) give I one reason I should not go to the CIA , tell they you be behind this whole thing ? admiral because they 's 1l kill you anyway . whereas I be go to give you what you really want , a chance to clear you name . bobby really ? admiral you work in the field , agent trench . you understand the difference between what look black and white on paper and the reality of get thing do . I know the frustration you carry : the dea ask you to fight the wolf on they own turf , then make you do it in handcuffs . the Admiral 's get Bobby down . not that Bobby would admit it . bobby you be make I misty . admiral I will see that petty Officer stigman take the full fall for the robbery , and I all guarantee you protection from the CIA . all have to do be give I you location . my man will take care of the rest . Bobby consider stig who have no idea of the Admiral offer . bobby throw in a million dollar and you have get a deal . admiral done. 9/15/09 2gun bobby two million . admiral you say one . bobby Three . admiral this be not a game , agent trench . bobby Three 's about to become four . admiral Three . bobby you know what ? I have rather let stig cut you throat . Bobby hang up , toss the phone back to stig . bobby ( cont 'd ) go check on papi . int . garage - night papi greco be gag and still tie to the chair . check that the cord be tight . stig snug as a bug in a rug . stig note the side door to the garage be ajar . to investigate . outside all be clear when -- a ligature flip around stig 's neck from behind . 72 . stig he cross quince . stig thrashes . tries to call out but can not get air . int . deb' kitchen —- same deb how can you possibly trust a thing stig say to you ? he 's a lunatic . 9/15/09 2gun 73. bobby I do not . I do not even like the guy . but he 's the help I have get . CUT back to : stig kick he heel into quince 's knee . the two man topple into papi knock he over in he chair . CUT back to : bobby ( cont 'd ) stig ? CUT back to : quince have he arm across stig 's throat prevent a response . stig claw at quince 's eye . they bang against the shelf . Garden tool go clatter . papi strain to grab a fall pair of clipper . stig gouge quince in the throat . the two man tumble / crash out the side door . CUT back to : bobby ( cont 'd ) ( march for the garage ) what be you do in there ? CUT back to : papi cut himself free and dash out the door just as Bobby enter from the kitchen . Bobby see the empty garage . race back through the house to Deb -- bobby ( cont 'd ) stig and papi be go . deb go where ? crash - stig 's body come fly through the plate glass patio door . stig roll onto he back and empty he pistol out at the yard . a return volley pop - pop - pop out of the dark . Bobby , Deb , and stig scramble for cover . bobby how many ? 9/15/09 2gun 74 . stig quince , maybe a few other . papi ? bobby go . more shot pop - pop - pop . Bobby and stig return fire . stig you wanna take the leave or the right ? bobby we should split out the other way , go for the car . stig bad guy be out back . bobby and this place will surround by cop in about two minute . another volley rain in from the dark . take control , Deb dash for the front door . bobby ( cont 'd ) can we go ? stig you never want to stay and fight . laying down cover fire , stig and Bobby follow Deb as ricochet zing around they . ext . deb 's house - continuous stig , Bobby , and Deb race out of the house . bobby get in the car . stig Fine , but I be drive . ( when Bobby balk ) hey , you bring we here and see how well that turn out . Bobby give . they pile in , stig at the wheel , and speed off . 9/15/09 2gun 75 . ext . mama maybelle 's diner - early morning a old school dive . stig pull into the lot . bobby what be we do here ? stig get breakfast . they make a dynamite omelet , and they pancake be not bad either . int . mama maybelle 's diner —- early morning Bobby , Deb , and stig huddle at a back booth . aside from a few long - haul trucker they have the place to themselves . deb you have to turn yourselves in . bobby and say what ? '' we do not really rob a bank , it be a off the book CIA slush fund , and we do not really even mean to get away with robbing it . stig I mean to . bobby not help . a pretty , young waitress ( shauna by she tag ) approach . shauna y’all have a chance to look at you menus ? bobby we will take three coffee and a couple of minute . shauna retreat . bobby ( cont 'd ) we need proof . proof I be set up , proof he be act under order . sure . 9/15/09 2gun 76 . stig have we mitt on the money would not hurt either . deb you have a plan for all this ? bobby stig no . Bobby shoot stig a glare . stig she ask a question . shauna return with the coffee . stig give she a respectful nod as she retreat once more . bobby all right . that 's twice she 's be here and you have not wink at she either time . stig so? ( catch ) she 's the cousin of a old friend . bobby a navy friend ? stig Tim corrale . his mother own the place . bobby aw , christ , what have you walk we into ? stig he 's dead . okay ? we serve in seal team six together . he die on a mission that never happen in a country we be never in . his family be tell it be a car crash . ( beat ) the Admiral lie and say the two million from the tres cruce would go to he mother and the family of the other man we lose . Bobby see the emotional burden stig be carry . 9/15/09 2gun 77 . stig ( cont 'd ) guess I be just a bleed heart sucker . bobby yup . mama maybelle emerge from the kitchen , see stig , and burst out in a big open arm smile . mama maybelle Marcus , how dare you sit down in my restaurant without give I a hug first ? int . kitchen , mama maybelle 's diner - later stig flamboyantly work the flattop under mama 's iron fisted supervision . Bobby and Deb watch from stool at the counter . deb look , Bobby , if you come with I , I think -- think I can convince the U.S. Attorney you go along on the robbery because you be try to stop it . there 's the papi greco angle , and you do get shot . bobby what about stig ? deb he have have to take he chance with the grand jury . bobby so I have be hang he out to dry ? deb you would be put a end to this madness . and you would be clear you name . Bobby glance over at stig . what to do ? deb ( cont 'd ) you know by all rights I should walk away and let you drow ? bobby and validate my cynical world view ? no chance . 9/15/09 2gun 78 . Bobby win a smile . he like that smile . bobby ( cont 'd ) you know , if I be the suave type , I have take you hand , tell you to ditch harvey . run away with I to a grass hut in the South Seas . deb his name 's not harvey . and I would know you be lie . bobby maybe I be not . and indeed maybe he be not . over at the flattop - stig watch Bobby and Deb . the way she touch he arm , the way he lean in to she . Deb rise , head for the door . ext . gas station across the highway — day Deb approach the pay phone . she consider she reflection in the chrome around the keypad . she dial . int . mama mabelle 's diner - day stig you have we stash a kidnap drug lord in the garage of you ex - girlfriend ? that be mess up . bobby she be never my girlfriend . stig do you two ... Bobby 's non - answer give stig he answer . stig ( cont 'd ) like I say , '' mess up . '' mama maybelle thrust a breakfast plate at Bobby . mama maybelle over easy with a side of pancake . 9/15/09 2gun 79 . bobby you tell she how I feel about pancake ? mama maybelle he tell I but it 's my place and in my place everyone eat a good breakfast . how can Bobby say no ? maybelle pat Bobby 's head and return to the kitchen . Bobby consider stig , decide be square . bobby Deb 's call the U.S. Attorney . she think she can get I off . she be not sure about you . stig what have you mean ? bobby if you turn yourself in , you could get royally screw . stig worse than I be already ? bobby depend how you feel about federal prison . stig ( stunne / wounded ) you be throw I to the lion ? bobby I be give you a choice . if you want to go , there 's the door . if it be I , I would take my chance with the U.S. Attorney . stig you and I be not in this together , be we ? bobby no. stig you be just do what you gotta do , right ? the rest be just stuff that make you stupid . 9/15/09 2gun 80 . swallow he hurt , stig return to the flattop . stig ( cont 'd ) order up . Bobby feel like a heel . glancing around the restaurant he note that the place be dead empty . stig ( cont 'd ) I say order up . bobby do not there use to be customer . uh-oh . stig and Bobby both pull they gun . shauna emerge from the bathroom . stig motion for she to stay put as he and Bobby ease over to the front window . out in the parking lot - be 5 well armed , mexican tough . stig papi greco 's ? bobby you want the one on the leave or the right ? stig let 's see if we can split out the back . bobby you wanna split out the back ? you never want to split out the back . stig nod toward shauna and maybelle . Bobby get it . bobby ( cont 'd ) lady , we need you to go back to the walk - in and lock the door . stig it 's all right mama . mama and shauna go . Bobby and stig hustle out the back -- ext . back door , maybelle 's diner - continuous -- only to be confront by a dozen shotgun barrel wield papi greco and a dozen of he boy . 9/15/09 2gun 81 . papi GRECO look like we flushed a couple of rabbit . papi club Bobby with he shotgun . Bobby go down . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) take ‘em and skin he . stig 80 million dollar . ( papi stop . ) 81.53 actually . it 's what we steal from the CIA . we lie and say two but it 's really 81.53 . million . papi GRECO 81.53 million ? stig your for the take . papi GRECO where be it ? stig I do not know . but he do . he take it and hide it somewhere . bobby no , I do not . stig sure , you do . bobby what be you talk about ? stig shut up and agree with I before they decide to kill you and keep I alive . bobby I hide the money . stig actually , I be the one who hide it . bobby you just say I hide it . 9/15/09 2gun 82. stig well , one of we do . papi consider Bobby . then stig . then 81.53 million dollar . papi club stig. stig join Bobby on the ground . papi GRECO take they both . ext . 24 - hour coffee shop - day greco 's boy frog-march Bobby and stig around the diner . Bobby spot Deb hide across the street . he wave she off with a shake of he head . Deb nod and scuttle away . Bobby and stig be throw in a car trunk . the lid slam . black . int . vaulted basement below the stable , GRECO ranch - night Bobby 's head be shove into a trough of fetid water . he burble , thrashes , be yank back up . he gasp . papi 's fist clock he . he be shove back under . burble / gurgle / gasp . int . chicken coop , GRECO ranch - night greco 's boy toss Bobby inside . he land with a thud . stig sit sulk against the wall . bobby Deb know where we be . we just have to hold out until she can call in the cavalry . stig we be 300 mile south of the border . by the time she get through the red tape we will be dead . bobby that 's a positive mental attitude . stig you be gonna sell I out to the U.S. Attorney . bobby it 's kind of a moot point . stig you know what ? I be not talk to you . ( more ) 9/15/09 2gun 83. stig ( cont 'd ) ( sulk a beat and then ) what do I ever do to you ? bobby besides shoot I ? stig know what you be ? you be a misanthrope . bobby a what ? stig it 's from the Greek . it mean you do not actually like people . bobby I know what it mean . stig well , in case you do not . stig lay down with he back to Bobby . stig ( cont 'd ) you be just lucky papi could not resist the lure of 80 million dollar . I have be dead , but you , he have be torture you just for fun . bobby lucky I . stig I be serious . if it be 5 million , he ’‘d be smart . but 80 ? he 's get the fever . bobby and when he figure out we do not actually have the money ? stig he will chop we foot off , pluck out we eyeball and generally kill we . bobby well , at least we will see the sunrise . for a beat they lay in silence . 9/15/09 2gun 84 . stig you ever see the sunrise off a aircraft carrier at sea ? bobby you ever see the sunrise off Miami Beach after you have be up all night ? stig drink mojito with a beautiful woman who 's wear you jacket and lean against you shoulder ? bobby margarita . no jacket . stig no . bobby you should . stig I be not good with woman . int . chicken coop , GRECO ranch - day the door fling open . sunlight flood in . two goons snatch stig and haul he out . a beat . two more goons appear . goon you too . int . vaulted basement below the stable , GRECO ranch - day Bobby and stig be on they knee , hand bound in front of they . papi be over by the corner , pissing on he hand . papi GRECO my grandfather cut cane every day for 30 year , never get a blister . he have say it smell like hell but it toughen the hand . Zipping up , papi wrench a ax handle in he powerful grip . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) you know what 's nice about this , Bobby ? this time I do not have to worry about leave mark . 9/15/09 2gun 85 . papi whacks Bobby across the back . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) there be a opportunity here for one of you to buy you life back . the longer you wait the less life there 's gonna be . stig go jerk yourself off . papi jab stig with the ax handle , then choke he with it . stig 's eye bulge . bobby think about the money , papi . revenge be personal . money 's money . papi GRECO what money ? you keep talk about this phantom money . bobby 81 million dollar . papi release stig . stig topple forward . papi . GRECO where be it ? bobby I do not know . stig Corpus christi Naval Air Station . bobby what be you do ? stig improvise . ( to papi ) the money 's on the base at Corpus . but only for another 2 day max . after that it 's go , and you might as well kill we . papi GRECO if you be tell the truth , I might as well kill you . 9/15/09 2gun 86 . stig I can get the money . in return you let I live . and you give I 5 % . papi GRECO what about he ? stig he get nothing . papi GRECO I ’l1l think about it . ( be : Bobby ) strap this one to the table and get my chain see . I get a nice one . the goons go to grab Bobby . stig you can not . I need he . Corpus be a big place , not to mention all the guard with rifle . papi GRECO I be just suppose to let you walk out of my sight and trust you will come back with the money . stig where we gonna go ? the cop want to arrest we , the CIA want to kill we . you be we best friend . as papi ponder this , ferret - nose julio enter and whisper in papi 's ear . whatever he say , it give papi real pause . papi GRECO take they upstairs , get ' ema shower . they smell like chicken shit . ext . MAIN house , GRECO ranch - day a car pull up . ferret - nose julio step up to greet the new arrival . the arrival be Earl and he two aide . ext . GRECO 's ranch - day Earl and papi watch the vaqueros herd cattle . Earl scoops some pebble . toss they one by one . 9/15/09 2gun 87 . earl you hear about the tres cruce ? papi GRECO saw a tv report . Earl hand over photo of Bobby and stig . earl the thief come from you organization . papi GRECO they be freelancer . Americans . and that one 's a cop . earl I be not ask for they resume . I want you to find my money . papi GRECO there a finder fee on this ? earl the fee be you get to stay in business with we . papi GRECO you think all we mexican we be just die to mow you lawn ? to stand outside Home Depot in the rain ? '' please mister , give I a job . '' earl I think that man in the rain just want the best life possible . papi GRECO you like my country weak and corrupt , so you can have cheap labor . I be not cheap . earl be this about pride , manny ? prove you have a big mexican cock ? you cock be huge . it 's massive . a record holder . and I ... be in awe . so what ? you think we can not just reach across the border , scoop you up like a handful of dust and -- Earl blow the dirt off he palm . wipe he hand . 9/15/09 2gun 88. earl ( cont 'd ) it 's a free market , manny , not a free world . papi GRECO I 'il take a look . earl hard . you will look hard . papi GRECO under every rock in Mexico . int . guest suite , GRECO 's ranch - night Bobby stew . stig be in the bathroom examine the scent guest soap . stig check this one . I think it 's papaya . ( off Bobby ) come on , one of we have to make a play . bobby you do not think to tell I about Corpus ? stig invading a navy base be not among you top drawer option . bobby you know where the money be . stig like you have always tell I everything ? I could have let papi greco chop you into little piece . but I do not . if that 's not enough of a good faith gesture I do not know what be . Bobby scoff . the door suddenly slam open . papi 's boy storm in ... 9/15/09 2gun 89 . ext . pick - up truck - moving - night Bobby and stig jounce along in the bed of a rusty pickup , hood over they head . the pickup stop . Bobby and stig be hoist out , they hood remove . they be in the middle of a barren mexican nowhere . hand march Bobby and stig over to a panel truck . Inside 20 mexican clutch bundle and backpack . papi GRECO the truck will take you near the border . from there you go on foot with the coyote . stig if it 's all the same , we have rather drive . papi GRECO with everybody look for you , you would get pull out of line at the border in two second . no , you go over like you force my people . papi 's man hoist Bobby and stig up into the truck . papi . GRECO ( cont ’d ) I be trust you as man to fulfill you side of the bargain . bobby scout 's honor . papi whistle . the side door of a van whip open . Inside ferret - nose julio shine a light on the face of a cuffed and gag woman . if '’s deb . her eye scream to Bobby as -- -- the truck 's roll door slam down . int . cargo BAY , panel truck —- continuous Bobby try to wrench the door back up but it will not budge . o.s. we hear the click - clack of the door be padlock then the rumble of the engine as the truck sloshes off on its way . bobby help I , goddamn it . stig there 's nothing to do . 9/15/09 2gun 90 . bobby he 's get Deb . stig I see . stig find a comfortable spot among the other traveller . stig ( cont 'd ) papi 's not gonna hurt she . she 's he insurance we come back with the money and not a squadron of helicopter gunship . bobby when they drop we at the border , we will double back . stig if we double back , he will put a bullet in she just for spite . Bobby know stig 's right . he kick the wall of the truck . stig ( cont 'd ) we go ahead with the plan , get the money from the Admiral , then at least we have some leverage . bobby a plan ? you mean there 's a actual plan in you head for invade a high security naval base ? stig I be work on it . stig tilt he head back , close he eye . int . cargo BAY , panel truck - night the truck bounce and sway . in the half light , Bobby consider the other passenger . a few know each other , but for the most part they keep to themselves . Bobby see they fear , they hope , they leap of faith determination . beside Bobby , stig start to snore . Bobby poke he . bobby you be snore . 9/15/09 2gun 91 . stig and ? bobby leave it to you to sleep . stig I be tired . stig pull himself upright . look at Bobby . stig ( cont 'd ) you in love with she ? bobby Deb ? I do not know . have not really be in a position to answer the question . stig ' cuz you kinda act like you be in love with she . Bobby chew on that for a beat . stig ( cont ’d ) you really wanna know why I can sleep ? because I know what I be fight for . you , you do not even know how you get here . bobby I be here because you set I up . stig the Admiral teach I duty , honor , loyalty to the chain of command . he may be a two - face s.0o. B. but the value be not wrong . I go into that bank because I believe we have a debt to the man we would leave behind . and when we get to Corpus I be go to kill the Admiral because he violate the trust that come with oak leave on you cap . bobby you be a idiot . 9/15/09 2gun 92. stig of course I be a idiot . to believe in anything you have to forget that for 50,000 year human being have be chopping each other 's head off and shove each other into oven . we be not nice creature . but at least I sleep at night . stig tilt he head back , shut he eye . bobby you wanna know why I go into that bank ? it be the only way to get papi greco . and I be go to do whatever it take . stig whatever it take be a dangerous thing , Bobby . the Admiral 's just do whatever it take . so be you buddy at the CIA . I , I would rather be a idiot . stig shut he eye leave Bobby to ponder this . brake squeak as the truck jerk to a halt . the roll door open . ext . desert nowhere - continuous four coyote ( bandanas over they face , shotgun on they arm ) herd Bobby , stig , and the other out of the truck and march they off into the desert night . ext . deep desert nowhere - night Bobby and stig follow the other through the inky night . the ground be rag . stumble be frequent , but no one complain . no one help anyone else up either . the coyote prod one of the laggard on at gun point . stig take offense and interpose himself between the laggard and the coyote . the dead - eye coyote put he muzzle to stig 's chest . Bobby take stig by the arm . bobby not we fight . stig be not happy about it but he back off and tromp onward . 9/15/09 2gun 93. ext . bluff - night the coyote lead the pack to a bluff overlook the Rio Grande . the lead coyote point down to a narrow spit where they should ford . ext . river - night Bobby and stig follow the other down to the riverside . wordlessly the immigrant remove they shoe and carry they up over they head as they enter the water . stig and Bobby wade in with the other . the water quickly rise to chest height . the swirl current threaten to knock they off they foot . one of the immigrant man slip , then surface with a splash of flail limb . he can not swim . the other immigrant hustle out of the river and up the bank , afraid the drown man 's noise will get they all catch . Bobby toss he shoe at stig and dive after the drown man . the man grab at Bobby 's face . Bobby bat away the panicked man 's arm and take he around the neck . bobby callate . tranquilo . the man calm . Bobby haul the man over to where he can stand . the man scamper up the bank and disappear . Bobby sloshes ashore . stig toss Bobby he shoe . stig not we fight ? bobby at least he stop to say thank you . stig because that 's why you do it ? for the thank you ? bobby when this be over I be still gonna shoot you . stig whatever you say , Bobby . 9/15/09 2gun 94 , stig pat Bobby on the shoulder and head up the bank . Bobby finish tie he shoe and follow . trudge onward , they make they way toward the putrid sodium light glow smudge across the horizon . ext . mall parking lot - night Bobby and stig emerge into a vast mall parking lot fill with oblivious consumer lug bag of extraneous , overpriced crap . after the coyote and the desert and the river , the culture shock be a bit of a mind bender . stig ( be : the sea of car ) get a favorite color ? ext . road / int . minivan - moving - night Bobby and stig drive East in a steal blue minivan . int . minivan / ext . rest stop - morning Bobby wake . he be alone in the van . he climb out . across the way Bobby spot stig at a picnic table in deep conversation with mama maybelle . stig and maybelle hug . stig return carry a hefty duffle bag . bobby what be that about ? stig I figure she should know how she son die . bobby be not that a violation of government secrecy ? stig arrest I . stig hoist the duffle into the minivan , zip it open . the bag be cramme with pistol , rifle , etc . stig ( cont 'd ) my rainy day stash . stig dig out a pack of military i.d. card . select two . 9/15/09 2gun 95 . ext . front gate , corpus christi naval AIR station - day heavily fortify . stig and Bobby roll up . stig my people . I do the talk . bobby what 's the plan ? stig I be work on it . stig hold the i.d. card out to the shore patrol gate guard . stig ( cont 'd ) what 's you name , seaman ? gate guard Excuse I ? stig this be a improptu security inspection under d.o.d. order 27592 , so give I you name before I decide I be have a bad day . gate . guard seaman weisberg , sir . stig write that down . gate guard no disrespect , Commander , but all unclear visitor have to be phone into the security office . stig what part of '' impromptu '' do you not register , seaman ? it mean you do not tell anyone you be come . do you graduate high school , I know they make you graduate high school , so you have option . you do not have to burden my navy with you stupidity . you choose to burden my navy with you stupidity . ( more ) 9/15/09 2gun 96 . stig ( cont 'd ) now wave we through and do not even to think about fubaring my inspection by alert the world we be here to check the security status of this base . the sp motion to lift the gate and wave they though . bobby that be you brilliant plan ? stig I can not believe it work . Bobby check he side mirror . in the reflection he see the sp pick up the phone . bobby I would not get too healthy congratulate yourself . the guard 's in the shack on the phone . stig no worry . it ’1ll take at least 3 minute to scramble the shore patrol so we have get that for a head start . bobby you be just a big ball of sunshine . int . admiral 's quarter , corpus christi n.a.s. -— day a small but pleasant house on base . the Admiral take the 81 million out of he safe and split it between three suitcase . quince enter . quince it 's time , Admiral . admiral thank you , Chief . if you will finish split the money between the bag . we will cache the first in Panama , the second in Dubai , the third in Hong Kong . quince Flight plan 's all arrange . 9/15/09 2gun 97 . the Admiral give quince a '' well do '' pat and cross into the live room where teemo , pale and feverish , be laid out on the sofa . admiral I hate to see you like this , son . a officer take on a mission , he have to constantly balance the desire to protect he man versus the need to complete the mission . teemo yes , sir . admiral for two day , I have be force to let you suffer . and you have be magnificent . because you understand the mission be great than any one of we . if I could show you my heart , it aches . the Admiral stand . level a pistol at teemo . teemo sir? admiral I take no pleasure in this . blam . ext . admiral 's quarter , corpus christi n.a.s. - day screech - tire smoke as the minivan jerk to a halt outside the Admiral 's quarter . int . admiral 's quarter , corpus christi n.a.s. - day stig and Bobby burst in the back door , gun at the ready . in alternate turn they move forward through the house . on the sofa they find teemo 's dead body . bobby he 's dead . Bobby cross into the study and rifle the Admiral 's desk . stig linger reverently over the body . in a drawer , Bobby find a bill from the camino real HOTEL . a connection spark ... 9/15/09 2gun 98 . bobby ( cont 'd ) when you deliver the money to the Admiral in El paso what hotel be he stay at ? stig the camino Real . the information hit Bobby like a shovel . bobby sonofa ... come on . I know where to intercept the Admiral . stig ( still consider teemo ) I only shot he in the leg . bobby well , somebody else must have shot he in the chest . Bobby look at stig . stig look at Bobby . a mutual realization hit . megaphone voice ( 0.s. - from outside ) come outside with you hand raise . we have the house surround . Bobby and stig rush to the window . outside the house be surround by four dozen armed sps and a dozen vehicle . bobby terrific plan you have . stig I do not figure we have need a exit strategy . ( be : teemo ) you think they 'il think we kill he ? bobby no , they be gonna think we break onto the base to give he a appendectomy . stig there you go with the defensive sarcasm . all right , look , this be innocent sailor . I do not want any of they get shot . 9/15/09 2gun 99 . bobby and I be sure they order be to just put a few warning shot in the back of we head . stig I mean it . I want you word . bobby Fine . stig good . so what do we do now ? bobby ( think ) do you trust I ? stig do you trust I ? bobby not the question . stig yes . I do . bobby then go outside and surrender . Bobby blow past stig. stig what ? Bobby ? ext . admiral 's quarter - same sps with itchy trigger finger surround the house ... int . admiral 's quarter - same Bobby crank the bathroom tub on full bore . then head for -- the kitchen - Bobby pull the stove out from the wall . knife the gas line . then grab a trash bag and go into -- the admiral 's bedroom - Bobby swipe a clean uniform . stuff it in the trash bag . 9/15/09 2gun 100 . ext . admiral 's quarter - same the front door crack . stig slide outside , hand raise ... int . admiral 's quarter - same Bobby toss a bar tray on the kitchen floor . smash the neck off a whiskey bottle . dump it over the tray ... ext . admiral 's quarter - same stig ease away from the house ... various shore patrol .».. on you knee ... hand where I can see ‘em ... give I a excuse ... stig sink to he knee ... int . admiral 's quarter - same Bobby tie off the trash bag , toss it in the now full tub . take a deep breath and ... Bobby fire at the metal bar tray ... the tray spark . the booze catch fire ... Bobby dive for the tub as ... the leak gas ignites . a fireball shoot through the house ... Bobby dive underwater as above he flame fill the bathroom ... ext . admiral 's quarter - same the gas explosion blow out every window in the house . stig be knock flat . splinter wood and glass fly . int . admiral 's quarter - same the fireball retreat from the bathroom . Bobby pop up out of the water with a gasp . 9/15/09 2gun 101. int . admiral 's quarter - 15 minute later firemen storm the house with hose and axe . there be smoke and flame throughout the house , but the bulk of the fire be contain in the kitchen . amid the chaos , Bobby , slip out of the bathroom , dress in the steal uniform . bobby push that flame back . firefighter ( reacting to the uniform ) it 's not safe yet , sir . you really need to stay outside . ext . admiral 's quarter - same the sps have stig stuff in a patrol car . in the b.g. we see Bobby exit the house and slip away amid the commotion . ext . OPEN road - twilight Bobby drive through the lonely desperate landscape . Foot to the floor . eye lock straight ahead . ext . lonely gas station - night Bobby stand at a pay phone . he consider the sharpie scrawl on he arm . in he hand be Earl 's card . bobby ( into phone ) give I the office of the d.d.o .... it 's about 81.53 million dollar . int . interrogation room , brig , corpus n.a.s. - night a agitate lieutenant lean in tight over stig . agitate lieutenant silence be not you friend . you murder a decorate navy seal . stig stare straight ahead . agitate lieutenant ( cont ’d ) you have betrayed everything the service stand for . 9/15/09 2gun 102 . stig remain stone . the frustrated Lieutenant whip a coffee mug past stig 's ear . the mug shatter . stig that 's a waste of a good mug , sir . the door crack as the Lieutenant be call out of the room . two beat later he return . agitate lieutenant get out of here . you be free to go . stig suspect a trick . he rise . he walk out . no one try to stop he . ext . brig , corpus n.a.s. - night stig step outside . wait there be Earl , thick , and lean . earl get in the car . ( when stig hesitates ) it 's not multiple choice , son . int . c-2a greyhound transport - night a squat turbo prop . the Admiral rest he elbow on the cash - fill suitcase . along the cargo bay wall sit quince , Mini and the other seal ( Lucas , kelvin , sanger , and Gomez ) . admiral make the navy proud , boy . as one the seal rise and sprint out the back of the plane ... reveal - the plane be fly at 10,000 foot . ext . night sky - continuous down down down the seal plunge . until finally at a impossibly low altitude - pop - they deploy chute . int . live room , GRECO 's ranch - night papi circle around Deb . Deb hold she expression blank . 9/15/09 2gun 103. papi GRECO you Bobby 's a determine fellow . I do not care what he badge say , he be Bobby bean . and robbing the tres cruce only prove it . deb maybe he just have he own view of the law . papi GRECO you do not have to defend he . papi reach into a safe , count out $ 400,000 . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) you sure you would not rather take a percentage of the money he and stig bring back ? deb I do not work on contingency . papi smirk . hand she the money . pour they each a drink . papi GRECO when you tell I Bobby be dea , do you know he have rob the tres cruce ? deb nope . papi GRECO just lucky I guess ? papi smile . Deb smile back . neither smile quite genuine . ext . airfield , GRECO ranch - night three of papi 's guard patrol . 0o.s. they hear a approach engine . whoosh - the unlit C - 2a skim just over they head and touch down . the guard snap alert . the lead guard chatter into he radio . several more guard arrive and surround the plane . the plane taxi to a stop and lower its tailgate . the guard finger they triggers . Inside the plane a spotlight snap on . on cue -- 9/15/09 2gun 104 . bullet zip - zip - zip into the guard from all direction . that who be not kill outright spray haphazard volley at the darkness until - zip - zip - they too be cut down . the Admiral step off the plane . quince and the other seal who parachute from the plane rise up from they hide fire spot around the airfield . admiral scorch Earth , Chief . nothing life . ext . stable , GRECO ranch - night oscar ( the guy who have the head in the bag ) march up to two of papi 's tough . 0.s. sporadic gunfire rip . rudy ( in spanish ) grab some man , head for the airfield . the tough scurry off . emerging from the shadow Bobby sneak up behind oscar . oscar spin . Bobby kick he in the ball . smack he with the butt of he pistol . oscar 's nose shatter . he drop . int . stable , GRECO ranch - continuous Bobby slip down the stair into the network of tunnel that run beneath the ranch . ext . cattle pens , GRECO ranch - night jittery vaqueros pan they rifle as predatory shadow surge and dart towards they . closer . closer . the vaqueros start pop off burst of fire . seal hand snatch the vaqueros from behind and slash they throat . int . live room , GRECO 's ranch - night papi peer out the window and the black night . 0.s. ripples of intermittent gunfire draw closer . papi glance over at Deb who be recount the $ 400k . papi GRECO you know , I do not usually do business with woman . 9/15/09 2gun 105 . deb that 's short sighted and sexist of you . papi GRECO with a man , you know why he do what he do . with a woman , who know ? cross to a filigreed chest papi pull out a shotgun . papi GRECO ( cont ’d ) who 's out there ? deb how would I know ? accord to you I be just suppose to sit here and look cute . ext . GRECO ranch - night sweep across the ranch , the seal firebomb the drug processing barn . explosion rock the night . int . tunnel beneath GRECO ranch - same Bobby scurries along . up ahead armed tough herd a clutch of cocaine worker along at gun point . Bobby dive into a side passage and let they pass . int . MAIN house , GRECO ranch - continuous Bobby slip up into the main house through a hide door . int . live room , GRECO 's ranch - same papi jab the shotgun at Deb . Deb calmly stow the $ 400 k in she jacket . o.s. more explosion boom . papi GRECO tell I who they be ? CIA ? dea ? appear in the doorway -- bobby U.S. navy . you get in bed with the wrong girl . 9/15/09 2gun 106. as papi whirl to level the shotgun at Bobby , Deb pull a . 22 from she belt and just like that everyone start blast . bullet rip the air . Furniture shred . papi be hit in the gut . Deb flee . Bobby chase . int . hallway , MAIN house - continuous Deb sprint down a long corridor . Bobby fire two shot past she ear . Dead to rite , she freeze . bobby you should have tell I harvey be a Admiral . this all would have be so much easier to figure out . ( beat ) you be the one person I trust . deb you never trust I or anyone . and do not say you mean to . you be always all about you . Bobby be stung . because it 's the truth . bobby you be right . I be a sonofabitch . now let 's go . Bobby snatch away Deb 's .22 and drag she onward . ext . MAIN house , GRECO ranch - same the roughneck guard the house spray wild gunfire as the murderously efficient seal - zip - zip - zip - wipe they out . int . kitchen , MAIN house - same Bobby haul Deb toward the back door . a stray volley shatter the window . Bobby yank Deb to the floor . deb you have get no chance , you know that ? bobby shh . wait for it . o.s. the faint whup - whup of a helicopter . Bobby grin . 9/15/09 2gun 107 . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( call outside ) hey , harvey , you out there ? ext . MAIN house , GRECO ranch - same admiral Mr. Bobby trench . you be a resilient fly in the ointment . bobby I have get Deb in here , harvey , and since you two be in love , I think you might be willing to trade she for the money . admiral no . no deal . bobby well , before you boy start blast , you might want to take a look off to the East . on the horizon , two light approach low and fast . twin black helicopter armed with mean -ass 20 mm gun cannon . the lead helo swoops down and alight while the second helo circle protectively . Earl and he boy climb out drag stig with they . earl hail , hail , the gang 's all here . mexican standoff time . literally . the seal have they gun on the CIA . the CIA have they gun on the seal . both side have they gun on Bobby as he usher Deb outside . cautiously , the Admiral , Bobby , and Earl approach each other , Bobby towing Deb , Earl towing stig . earl ( cont 'd ) what 's the deal here , Bob ? you promise I 81 million dollar in return for get this pudknocker out of stir . 9/15/09 2gun 108 . bobby I think the Admiral might trade Deb for the money , but it turn out he 's not the romantic type , so I guess you two be gonna have to duke it out . earl be that right ? a beat . all side on edge . who will make the first move ? out of nowhere - BA - blam - a shotgun blast rip into Earl 's arm . it 's papi GRECO . bleed from the gut , the drug lord lurch out of the house , shotgun blaze . Bobby toss stig a pistol as all side open fire . it 's a free-for- all of dust and lead . bullet fly . body sprawl . two seal drop ( sanger & kelvin ) . Bobby and stig dash for the cover of a nearby barn while the seal retreat toward the livestock pen and the helo rain down fire from above . int . adobe barn , GRECO ranch - continuous chase by strafing helo fire , Bobby and stig dive inside . stig not to crack on you strategy , but this be the best you could come up with ? bobby you have rather be back in the brig ? Bobby kick the straw off a trapdoor . beneath it be a ladder lead to the tunnel . ignoring Bobby , stig take a rifle off the body of one of papi 's man . bobby ( cont 'd ) come on , the tunnel lead all the way to the edge of the ranch . stig and then what ? bobby and then we get the hell out of here before the navy or the CIA or both of they shoot the hell out of we . 9/15/09 2gun 109 . stig no . I be not let the Admiral get away with the money . bobby jesus-goddamn ... I just save you ass . stig so go . get out of here . go tell the world Deb set you up and clear you name . it 's not like we be in this together . Bobby curse . he kick wall . he stay . bobby where you go , I go . ( beat ) you be my people . stig ( touch ) for real ? bobby can we just do this ? stig toss Bobby a extra clip . flanking the door , they peek out for the circle helicopter -- bobby ( cont 'd ) I hate Mexico . stig I be sure it hate you back . -- and race off in pursuit of the Admiral . ext . MAIN house , GRECO ranch cradle he shattered arm , Earl cross to papi , who lay die in the dust . earl why have you lie to I ? we be just do business . papi GRECO mow ... my ... lawn . 9/15/09 2gun 110. papi manage a blood choke gurgle / giggle . Earl raise he pistol and shoot papi dead . ext . cattle pens , GRECO ranch - same Bobby and stig engage the seal in a run fire - fight through the narrow alley between pen . the spook cattle buck , they bellow , they crash through the fencing and stampede . amid the swirl of 2000 pound beast , Bobby and stig get separate . stig be knock to the dirt . quince step out and have the drop on stig when ... a bullet rip through quince 's neck . quince fall revealing thick as the shooter . stig thanks . without hesitation or remorse thick pivot he gun on stig ... ...- before thick can fire , Bobby dive into view and fire at the CIA man force he to retreat back out of sight . bobby we have fun yet ? ext . airfield , GRECO ranch - same the c-2a pilot fire up he engine as the Admiral and the remain seal descend on the airfield . from above the CIA helo strafe the cockpit kill the pilot . as the pilot fall forward , he jam the right engine throttle cause the plane to taxi in a circle and crash into a metal shed . the propeller shred . bit of tin spray . ext . drug processing barn , GRECO ranch - same amid the flame of the drug processing barn , Bobby and stig trade heavy fire with thick and lean . from above the helo strafe . bullet swiss - cheese the tin roof . Bobby and stig go sprawling . Bobby spot a huge bulldozer . he tap stig . CUT to : 9/15/09 2gun 111. above the barn - the circle helo pilot spot a puff of diesel smoke as Bobby and stig come crashing through the wall of the barn on the bulldozer . the helo swoops . Bobby raise the front bucket as a shield . the helo 's bullet ping . stig pour fire up at the helo 's tail rotor . the rotor spark , smoke . the helo go into a flat spin and crash . ext . airfield , GRECO ranch - same the seal retrieve the cash - fill suitcase from the crippled plane and toss they in a suv when -- -- Bobby and stig come barrel over the rise on the bulldozer . Gomez and Lucas hose down the dozer , while the Admiral , Deb , and Mini pile in the suv . floor the throttle Bobby run right over the two seal but not before Lucas roll a grenade beneath the tread . stig and Bobby leap from the bulldozer as - boom - the grenade explosion flip the bulldozer onto its side . Bobby and stig haul themselves up . in the distance the suv speed off in a cloud of dust . Bobby and stig look at each other . look at the ratty cessna park along the runway . CUT to : Bobby and stig take off in the cessna . ext . endless scrub desert - dawn the suv rip across the vast desert nothing , trail a 50 yard plume of dust . above , stig throttles up the cessna and dive . swoop down he thump the cessna 's landing gear on the roof of the suv . Deb jerk the wheel and speed off in a different direction . stig loop around and dive again . this time Mini and the Admiral pour fire out the window at the plane . bullet rake the cabin . stig be force to pull up . stig we could pull back and track they . 9/15/09 2gun 112. Bobby tap blink '' low fuel '' light . bobby we do not have the gas . stig that settles it then . bobby yup . stig bank the plane around and dive so that the plane be in a direct head - on collision course with the suv . in the suv - deb they be come right at we . admiral they 's 11 pull up . in the plane -— stig drop the cessna so that its wheel scrape the ground . stig you sure you do not want I to pull up ? bobby absolutely . stig cool . plane and suv hurtle at each other . 50 yard ... 25 ... 10 ... Deb jerk the wheel . the suv fishtail . the cessna t-bone the suv . the suv barrel roll . the plane go ass -over - teakettle . then silence . the suv lay on its side , tire still spin . the plane sit invert on its back . inside the plane - Bobby and stig hang upsidedow . Bobby claw at he belt release . drop with a groan-induce thud . stig ( cont 'd ) ( groggy ) well , that be a hoot . bobby you all right ? 9/15/09 2gun 113. stig busted rib , maybe . stig pull at he belt . jamme . Bobby look over at the overturn suv . the fate of its passenger undetermine . stig ( cont 'd ) go on . I be cool . Bobby shimmy out of the plane . gun draw , he side step toward the suv . the suv 's engine hiss ... the tire spin .. Bobby swing around the nose and level he pistol through the fracture windshield at ... Mini 's dead body . a pistol jab against the back of Bobby 's neck . it 's the Admiral , he face bloody , he right leg drag awkwardly . bobby stig ? admiral Drop the pistol . bobby stig , I kinda need you help here . stig , who have drag himself free of the plane , see the Admiral with a gun to Bobby 's neck and snap draw he own . the Admiral pull Bobby tight in front of he as a shield . admiral do not do it , sailor . bobby do it . shoot he . stig consider the narrow angle he have on the Admiral . stig I do not know . it 's tight . bobby you will not miss . stig I could miss . rising up from a ditch , Deb level she gun at stig. 9/15/09 2gun 114 . deb stig Drop the gun . aw , crap . deb bobby I ’1l1 shoot you where you take the shot . stand . admiral stig she say to lay down the she 's kinda get a gun point weapon . at I . bobby Fine . I get yours . you get mine . stig if you miss and I get shot ... admiral I be gonna count to three . one . blam -blam - stig and Bobby both fire . Bobby hit Deb in the chest . stig put he through the Admiral 's eye . Bobby cross to Deb who be rapidly bleed out . deb say something nice . bobby you always have a beautiful neck . Deb die . nearby stig stand over the Admiral 's body . Bobby join he . stig think they 's 11 give he a full honor guard ? bobby of course they will . there 's no way they will admit the truth . stig well , that suck . the remain CIA helo , its gun cannon lock on , glide out of the dawn and alight . Earl and the boy climb out . Earl motion to retrieve the money from the overturn suv . earl you will not mind if we take back what be ours all along . 9/15/09 2gun 115. bobby would it matter if we do ? thick ( aside to Earl ) you be just gonna let they go ? earl we have the money . the people who conspire to steal it be dead . we have get no further business with this gentleman . bobby what about the warrant for we arrest ? earl a misunderstanding . stig both we name be clear ? earl I trust you will find you own way home ? with that Earl climb back into the helicopter and fly off . stig what now ? Bobby cross to Deb 's body . take the 400 k out of she jacket . toss it to stig . bobby for mama maybelle . stig thanks . bobby there be one more thing . Bobby give stig a look . stig aw , you be not serious ? bobby leg or arm ? 9/15/09 2gun 116. stig you be really gonna do this ? bobby look like we be gonna have to walk out of here , so I be think arm . stig you be a petty , vindictive sonofa -- Bobby shoot stig in the arm . stig ( cont 'd ) ow ! motherless -goat-suck ... bobby hurt , do not it ? int . mama mabelle 's diner - day mama open a brown wrap packet . Inside be the $ 400 k and a photo of she son in he dress uniform . on the back of the photo be a note : '' a pitiful token in honor of you loss . '' on maybelle . move . int . bank vault , 1st state bank of centerville - day a long line of cash cramme safe deposit box . how much cash ? say 81.53 million ? Earl flip the box shut . slide they into they wall slot . lock the door . ext . 1st state bank of centerville - day centerville , Iowa be a placid mid-western small town . exiting the bank Earl get in a car with Mr. lean . across the town square - at a window table in the centerville diner be Bobby and stig . int . centerville diner - same stig , he arm in a sling , scan the menu as Bobby watch Earl drive off . stig I see some nice look blueberry pancake go by . 9/15/09 2gun 117 . bobby when have I ever order pancake ? stig there 's always hope . the waitress , margie , approach . margie the waitress what can I get you , boy ? stig well , margie , I be look over the menu here -- bobby ( cut to the point ) how be you jelly donut ? margie the waitress to tell the truth , we donut be kinda lousy . bobby I can not tell you how happy we be to hear that . the end