2001 : a space odyssey screenplay by stanley kubrick and Arthur c. Clark Hawk film Ltd. , c/ o. m-g-m studios , boreham Wood , hert . title part I africa 3,000,000 year ago A1 view of african dryland - drought the remorseless drought have last now for ten million year , and would not end for another million . the reign of the ter - rible lizard have long since pass , but here on the continent which would one day be know as Africa , the battle for survival have reach a new climax of ferocity , and the victor be not yet in sight . in this dry and barren land , only the small or the swift or the fierce could flourish , or even hope to exist . a 1 a2 int &amp ; ext cave - moonwatcher the man-ape of the field have none of this attribute , and they be on the long , pathetic road to racial extinction . about twenty of they occupy a group of cave overlook a small , parched valley , divide by a sluggish , brown stream . the tribe have always be hungry , and now it be starve . as the first dim glow of dawn creep into the cave , moonwatcher discover that he father have die during the night . he do not know the Old one be he father , for such a relationship be beyond he understanding . but as he stand look down at the emac - iate body he feel something , something akin to sadness . then he carry he dead father out of the cave , and leave he for the hyenas . among he kind , moonwatcher be almost a giant . he be nearly five foot high , and though badly undernourished , weigh over a hundred pound . his hairy , muscular body be quite man-like , and he head be already nearer man than ape . the forehead be low , and there be great ridge over the eye-socket , yet he unmistakably hold in he gene the promise of humanity . as he look out now upon the hostile world , there be already a 2 a2 continued something in he gaze beyond the grasp of any ape . in that dark , deep - set eye be a dawn awareness - the first intima - tion of a intelligence which would not fulfill itself for another two million year . a3 a3 ext the stream - the other as the dawn sky brighten , moonwatcher and he tribe reach the shallow stream . the other be already there . they be there on the other side every day - that do not make it any less annoying . there be eighteen of they , and it be impossible to distinguish they from the member of moonwatcher 's own tribe . as they see he come , the other begin to angrily dance and shriek on they side of the stream , and he own people reply in kind . the confrontation last a few minute - then the display die out as quickly as it have begin , and everyone drink he fill of the muddy water . honor have be satisfied - each group have stake its claim to its own territory . a 4 a4 ext african plain - herbivore moonwatcher and he companion search for berry , fruit and leave , and fight off pang of hunger , while all around they , compete with they for the samr fodder , be a potential source of more food than they could ever hope to eat . yet all the thousand of ton of meat roam over the parched savanna and through the brush be not only beyond they reach ; the idea of eat it be beyond they imagination . they be slowly starve to death in the midst of plenty . a5 a5 ext parched countryside - the lion the tribe slowly wander across the bare , flat country - side forage for root and occasional berry . eight of they be irregularly strung out on the open plain , about fifty foot apart . the ground be flat for mile around . suddenly , moonwatcher become aware of a lion , stalking they about 300 yard away . defenceless and with nowhere to hide , they scatter in all direction , but the lion bring one to the ground . a6 a6 ext dead tree - find honey it have not be a good day , though as moonwatcher have no real remembrance of the past he could not compare one day with another . but on the way back to the cave he find a hive of bee in the stump of a dead tree , and so enjoy the finest delicacy he people could ever know . of course , he also collect a good many sting , but he scacely notice they . he be now as near to contentment as he be ever likely to be ; for think he be still hungry , he be not actually weak with hunger . that be the most that any hominid could hope for . a7 a7 int &amp ; ext cave - night terror over the valley , a full moon rise , and a cold wind blow down from the distant mountain . it would be very cold tonight - but cold , like hunger , be not a matter for any real concern ; it be merely part of the background of life . this Little Sun , that only shine at night and give no warmth , be dangerous ; there would be enemy abroad . moonwatcher crawl out of the cave , clamber on to a large boulder besides the entrance , and squat there where he can survey the valley . if any hunt beast approach , he would have time to get back to the relative safety of the cave . of all the creature who have ever live on Earth , moonwatcher 's race be the first to raise they eye with interest to the Moon , and though he could not remember it , when he be young , moonwatcher would reach out and try to touch its ghostly face . now he new he would have to find a tree that be high enough . he stir when shriek and scream echo up the slope from one of the lower cave , and he do not need to hear the a 8 a7 continued occasional growl of the lion to know what be happen . down there in the darkness , old one - Eye and he family be die , and the think that he might help in some way never cross moonwatcher 's mind . the harsh logic of survival rule out such fancy . every cave be silent , lest it attract disaster . and in the cave , in torture spell of fitful doze and fearful wait , be gather the nightmare of generation yet to come . a9 a8 ext the stream - invasion the other be grow desperate ; the forage on they side of the valley be almost exhaust . perhaps they realise that moonwatcher 's tribe have lose three of its number during the night , for they choose this mourn to break the truce . when they meet at the river in the still , misty dawn , there be a deeper and more menace note in they challenge . the noisy but usually harmless confrontation last only a few second before the invasion begin . in a uncertainly - move horde , the other cross the river , shiek threat and hunch for the attack . they be lead by a big-tooth hominid of moonwatcher 's own size and age . startle and frighten , the tribe retreat before the first advance , throw nothing more substantial than imprecation at the invader . moonwatcher move with they , he mind a mist of rage and confusion . to be drive from they own territory be a great badness , but to lose the river be death . he do not know what to do ; it be a situation beyond he experience . then he become dimly aware that the other be slow a 10 a8 continued down , and advance with obvious reluctance . the further they move from they own side , the more uncertain and unhappy they become . only big-tooth still retain any of he original drive , and he be rapidly be seperate from he follower . as he see this , moonwatcher 's own morale immediately revive . he slow down he retreat , and begin to make reassure noise to he companion . novel sensation fill he dim mind - the first faint precursor of bravery and leadership . before he realize it , he be face to face with big-tooth , and the two tribe come to a halt many pace away . the disorganize and unscientific conflict could have end quickly if either have use he fist as a club , but this innovation still lay hundred of thousand of year in the future . instead , the slowly weaken fighter claw and scratch and try to bite each other . Rolling over and over , they come to a patch of stony ground , and when they reach it moonwatcher be on top . by chance , a 11 a8 continued he choose this moment to grab the hair on big-tooth 's scalp , and bang he head on the ground . the result crack be so satisfactory , and produce such a immediate weaken in Big - tooth 's resistance , that he quickly repeat it . even when big-tooth cease to move for some time , Moon - watcher keep up the exhilirate game . with shriek of panic , the other retreat back , across the stream . the defender cautiously pursue they as far as the water 's edge . a 12 ext cave - new SOUND doze fitfully and weaken by he stuggle , moonwatcher be startle by a sound . he sit up in the fetid darkness of the cave , strain he sense out into the night , and fear creep slowly into he soul . never in he life - already twice as long as most member of he species could expect - have he hear a sound like this . the great cat approach in silence , and the only thing that betrayed they be a rare slide of earth , or the occasional crack of a twig . yet this be a continue crunching noise that grow steadily louder . it seem that some enormous beast be move through the night , make no attempt at concealment , and ignore all obstacle . and then there come a sound which moonwatcher could not possibly have identify , for it have never be hear before in the history of this planet . a 13 a10 ext cave - new rock moonwatcher come face to face with the New rock when he lead the tribe down to the river in the first light of morning . he have almost forget the terror of the night , because nothing have happen after that initial noise , so he do not even associate this strange thing with danger or with fear . there be nothing in the least alarming about it . it be a cube about fifteen foot on a side , and it be make of some completely transparent material ; indeed , it be not easy to see except when the light of the sun glint on its edge . there be no natural object to which moonwatcher can compare this apparition . though he be wisely cautious of most new thing , he do not hesitate to walk up to it . as nothing happen , he put out he hand , and feel a warm , hard surface . after several minute of intense think , he arrive at a brilliant explanation . it be a rock , of course , and it must have grow during the night . there be many plant that do this - white , pulpy thing shape like pebble , that seem to shoot up in the hour of darkness . it be true that they be small and round , whereas this be large and square ; a 14 a10 continued but great and later philosopher than moonwatcher would be prepare to overlook equally strike exception to they law . this really superb piece of abstract think lead moonwatcher to a deduction which he immediately put to the test . the white , round pebble - plant be very tasty ( though there be a few that make one violently sick ) ; perhaps this square one ...? a few lick and attempt nibble quickly disillusion he . there be no nourishment here ; so like a sensible hominid , he continue on he way to the river and forget all about the cube . a 15 a11 ext cube - first lesson they be still a hundred yard from the New rock when the sound begin . it be quite soft , and it stop they in they track , so that they stand paralyze on the trail with they jaw hang . a simple , maddeningly repetitious rhythm pulse out of the crystal cube and hypnotise all who come within its spell . for the first time - and the last , for two million year - the sound of drum be hear in Africa . the throbbing grow louder , more insistent . presently the hominid begin to move forward like sleep - walker , towards the source of that magnetic sound . sometimes they take little dance step , as they blood respond to the rhythm that they descendant will not create for age yet . totally entrance , they gather around the cube , forget the hardship of the day , the peril of the approach dusk , and the hunger in they belly . now , spin wheel of light begin to merge , and the spoke fuse into luminous bar that slowly recede into the distance , a 16 a11 continued rotate on they axe as they do ; and the hominid watch , wide - eye , mesmerize captive of the Crystal cube . then by some magic - though it be no more magical than all that have go on before - a perfectly normal scene appear . it be as if a cubical block have be carve out of the day and shift into the night . Inside that block be a group of four hominid , who might have be member of moonwatcher 's own tribe , eat chunks of meat . the carcass of a wart - hog lie near they . this little family of male and female and two child be gorge and replete , with sleek and glossy pelt - and this be a condition of life that moonwatcher have never imagine . from time to time they stir lazily , as they loll at ease near the entrance of they cave , apparently at peace with the world . the spectacle of domestic bliss merge into a totally different scene . the family be no longer repose peacefully outside its cave ; it be forage , search for food like any normal hominid . a 17 a11 continued a small wart - hog amble past the group of browsing humanoid without give they more than a glance , for they have never be the slight danger to its species . but that happy state of affair be about to end . the big male suddenly bend down , pick up a heavy stone lie at he foot - and hurl it upon the unfortunate pig . the stone descend upon its skull , make exactly the same noise that moonwatcher have produce in he now almost forget encounter with big-tooth . and the result , too , be much the same - the warthog give one amaze , indignant squeal , and collapse in a motionless heap . then the whole sequence begin again , but this time it unfold itself with incredible slowness . every detail of the movement can be follow ; the stone arch leisurely through the air , the pig crumple up and sink to the ground . there the scene freeze for long moment , the slayer stand motionless above the slain , the first of all weapon in he hand . the scene suddenly fade out . the cube be no more than a glimmer outline in the darkness ; the hominid stir , as if a 18 a11 continued awaken from a dream , realise where they be , and scuttle back to they cave . they have no concious memory of what they have see ; but that night , as he sit brood at the entrance of he lair , he ear attune to the noise of the world around he , moonwatcher feel the first faint twinge of a new and potent emotion - the urge to kill . he have take he first step towards humanity . a 19 a12 ext cave and plain - utopia Babies be bear and sometimes live ; feeble , toothless thirty - year - old die ; the lion take its toll in the night ; the other threaten daily across the river - and the trib prosper . in the course of a single year , moonwatcher and he companion have change almost beyond recognition . they have become as plump as the family in the cave , who no longer haunt they dream . they have learn they lesson well ; now they could handle all the stone tool and weapon that the cube have reveal to they . they be no longer half - numbe with starvation , and they have time both for leisure and for the first rudiment of think . they new way of life be casually accept , and they do not associate it in any way with the crystal cube still stand outside they cave . but no utopia be perfect , and this one have two blemish . the first be the maraud lion , whose passion for hominid seem to have grow even stronger now that they be better nourish . the second be the tribe across the river ; for a 20 a12 continued somehow the other have survive , and have stubbornly refuse to die of starvation . a 21 a13 ext cave - killing the lion with the partly devoure carcass of a warthog laid out on the ground at the point he hope the boulder would impact , Moon - watcher and three of he bravest companion wait for two consecutive night . on the third the lion come , betray he presence by a small pebble slide . when they can here the lion below , softly tear at the meat , they strain themselves against the massive boulder . the sound of the lion stop ; he be listen . again they silently heave against the enormous stone , exerting the final limit of they strength . the rock begin to tip to a new balance point . the lion twitches alert to this sound , but have no fear of this creature , he make the first of two mistake which will cost he he life ; he go back to he meal . the rock move slowly over the ledge , pick up speed with amazing suddeness . it strike a projection in the cliff about fifteen foot above the ground , which deflect its path outward . just at this instant , the lion react instinctively and leap away from the face of the cliff directly into the path of the a 22 a13 continued onrush boulder . he have combine the error of over - confidence and bad luck . the next morning they find the lion in front of the cave . they also find one of they tribe who have incautiously peepe out to see what be happen , and be apparently kill by a small rock tear loose by the boulder ; but this be a small price to pay for such a great victory . * * * * * * * * and then one night the crystal cube be go , and not even moonwatcher ever think of it again . he be still wholly unaware of all that it have do . a 23 a14 ext stream - master of the world from they side of the stream , in the never violate safety of they own territory , the other see moonwatcher and fourteen male of he tribe appear from behind a small hillock over - look the stream , silhouett against the dawn sky . the other begin to scream they daily challenge . but today something be different , though the other do not immediatly recognize this fact . instead of join the verbal onslaught , as they have always do , moonwatcher and he small band decend from the rise , and begin to move forward to the stream with a quiet purposefulness never befor see . as the other watch the figure silently approach in the morning mist , they become aware of the terrible strangness of this encounter , and they rage gradually subside down to a uneasy silence . at the water 's edge , moonwatcher and he band stop . they carry they bone club and bone knife . a 24 a14 continued led by one-ear , the other half - heartly resume the battle - chant . but they be suddenly confrunt with a vision that cut the sound from they throat , and strike terror into they heart . moonwatcher , who have be partly conceal by two male who walk before he , thrust he arm high into the air . in he hand he hold a stoud tree branch . mounted atop the branch be the bloody head of the lion , its mouth jamme open with a stick , display its frightful fang . the other gape in fearful disbelief at this display of power . moonwatcher stand motionless , thrust the lion 's head high . then with majestic deliberation , still carry he mangle standard above he head , he begin to cross the stream , follow by he band . the other fade back from the stream , seem to lack even the ability to flee . moonwatcher step ashore and walk to one - ear , who stand a 25 a14 continued unsurely in front of he band . though he be a veteran of numerous combat at the water 's edge , one - ear have never be attack by a enemy who have not first display he fight rage ; and he have never before be attack with a weapon . one - ear , merely look up at the raise club until the heavey thigh bone of a antelope bring the darkness down around he . the other stare in wonder at moonwatcher 's power . moonwatcher survey the scene . now he be master of the world , and he be not sure what to do next . but he would think of something . a 26 a section timing A1 00.30 a2 00.45 a3 01.30 a4 00.30 a5 01.00 a6 01.00 a7 01.00 a8 03.00 a9 00.45 a10 02.00 a11 04.00 a12 02.00 a13 02.30 a14 02.30 a section total : @ 23 min . 00 secs title part ii year 2001 a 26a b1 earth from 200 mile up narrator by the year 2001 , overpopulation have b1a replace the problem of starvation thousand megaton but this be ominously offset by the nuclear bomb in orbit absolute and utter perfection of the above the earth , weapon . russian insignia and cccp marking b1b narrator american thousand hundred of giant bomb have be megaton bomb in orbit place in perpetual orbit above the above the earth . Earth . they be capable of incinerate the entire Earth 's surface from a altitude of 100 mile . b1c french bomb narrator matter be further complicated by the presence of twenty - seven nation in the nuclear club . there have be no deliberate or acciden - b1d tal use of nuclear weapon since german bomb World War ii and some people feel sercure in this knowledge . but to other , the situation seem comparible to a airline with a b1f perfect safety record ; in show chinese bomb admirable care and skill but no one expect it to last forever . 10/4/65 b1 b2 orion -iii spacecraft in fight away from earth , 200 mile altitude . 10/4/65 b2 b3 orion -iii passenger area . dr . heywood floyd be the only passenger in the elegant cabin design for 30 people . he be asleep . he pen float near he hand . 10/4/65 b3 b4 orion -iii cockpit . pilot , CO - pilot . floyd can be see asleep on a SMALL tv monitor . stewardess be putting on lipstick . she sees pen . 10/4/65 b4 b5 stewardess goe back to passenger area , rescue pen and clip it back in floyd' pocket . 10/4/65 b5 b6 space station - 5 . the RAW sunlight of space dazzle from the polished metal surface of the slowly revolving , thousand - foot diameter space station . drifting in the same orbit , we see swept - back titov -v spacecraft . also the almost spherical ary - ib 10/4/65 b6 b7 orion - III passenger area floyd awake but groggy , look out of window . 10/4/65 b7 b8 orion - III cockpit . the CO - pilot in radio communication with the space station . 10/4/65 b8 b9 the orion - III spacecraft in docking approach . the earth be see in breath - taking view in b.g. 10/4/65 b9 b10 inside docking control . we see orion - III mano - uvering . in background . 10/4/65 b 10 b11 from docking port we see the orion - III inching in to complete its docking . we see various windowed booths inside docking port . we see the pilot and CO - pilot inside the orion - III cockpit . 10/4/65 b11 b12 space station reception area receptionist at desk . miller enter , hur - rying . he goe to the elevator and presses button . he wait impatiently . we see elevator indicator working elevator door open and floyd be see unstrapping himself . the elevator girl be seated by the door miller oh , good morning , Dr. floyd . I be Nick Miller . floyd how do you do , Mr. Miller ? miller I be terribly sorry . I be just on my way down to meet you . I see you ship dock and I know I have plenty of time , and I be on my way out of the office when , suddenly , the phone ring . 12/7/65 b12 b12 continued floyd oh , please do not worry about it . miller well , thank you very much for be so understanding . floyd please , it really do not matter . miller well .. do you have a pleaant flight ? floyd yes , very pleasant . miller well , shall we go through documentation ? floyd Fine . receptionist will you use number eight , please ? miller thank you , miss Turner . 12/7/65 b13 b12 continued they enter passport area receptionist presses " english " bar on her console and smile as floyd goe through . 12/7/65 b13a in automate passport section . they stop in front of a booth featuring a tv screen passport girl ( tv ) good morning and welcome to voice print identification . when you see the red light go on would you please state in the follow order ; you desitination , you nationality and you full name . surname first , christian name and initial . for example : Moon , american , Smith , John , D. thank you . there be a pause and a red bar light up floyd Moon , american , floyd , heywood , R. the red light goe off . there be a delay of about two second and the woman' face reappear floyd I have always wonder .... 12/7/65 b14 b13 continued passport girl ( tv ) ( interrupt ) thank you . despite and excellent and continually improve safety record there be certain risk inherent in space travel and a extremely high cost of pay load . because of this it be necessary for the Space carrier to advise you that it cannot be responsible for the return of you body to Earth should you become decease on the Moon or en route to the Moon . however , it wish to advise you that insurance cover this contingency be available in the Main Lounge . thank you . you be clear through Voice print identification . the light go off and the woman' face disappear the men exit the passport area miller I have reserve a table for you in the Earth Light room . you connect flight will be leave in about one hour . 12/7/65 b 15 b13 continued floyd oh , that 's wonderful . 12/7/65 b16 b14 int space station - lounge floyd and miller walking miller let 's see , we have not have the pleasure of a visit from you not since ... it be about eight or nine month ago , be not it ? floyd yes , I think so . just about then . miller I suppose you see the work on we new section while you be docking . floyd yes , it 's come along very well . they pass the vision phone booth floyd oh , look , I have get to make a phone call . why do not you go on into the Restaurant and I will meet you in there . 12/7/65 b17 b14 continued miller Fine . I will see you at the bar . floyd enter phone booth . sign on vision phone screen " sorry , temporarily out of order . " he enter the second booth and sit down 12/7/65 b18 b15 deleted b16 deleted page b 19 - b22 deleted 12/7/65 b17 floyd in vision phone little girl of five answer child hello . vision phone screen display sign ' you party have not connected vision ' a few second later , the screen change to a image of the child floyd hello , darling , how be you ? child hello daddy . where be you ? floyd I be at Space Station five , darling . how be you ? child I be fine , daddy . when be you come home ? 12/6/65 b23 b17 continued floyd well , I hope in a few day , sweetheart . child I be have a party tomorrow . floyd yes , I know that sweetheart . child be you come to my party ? floyd no , I be sorry , darling , I tell you I will not be home for a few day . child when be you come home ? floyd in three day , darling , I hope . floyd hold up three finger . 12/6/65 b24 b17 floyd one , two , three . can I speak to mommy ? child mommy 's out to the hair - dresser . floyd where be Mrs. Brown ? child she 's in the bathroom . floyd okay , sweetheart . well , I have to go now . tell mommy that I call . child how many day until you come home ? floyd Three , darling . one ... two ... three . be sure to tell mommy I call . 12/6/65 b24a b17 continued child I will , daddy . floyd okay , sweetheart . have a lovely birthday Party tomorrow . child thank you , daddy . floyd I will wish you a happy birthday now and I will see you soon . all right , darling ? child yes , daddy . floyd ' bye , ' bye , now , sweetheart . child Goodbye , daddy . 12/6/65 b24b b18 vision phone procedure for information vision phone procedure for dialling operator good morning , macy 's . floyd good morning . I would like the vision shopper for the Pet shop , please . operator just one moment . 12/7/65 b25 b19 the picture flip and we see a woman stand in forn of a specially - design display screen vision sale girl good morning , sir , may I help you ? floyd yes , I would like to buy a bush baby . vision sale girl just a moment , sir . the girl keys some input and a moving picture appear on the screen of a cage containing about six BUSH baby , beautifully displayed against a white back - ground vision sale girl here you be , sir . here be a lovely assortment of African bush baby . they be twenty dollar each . 12/7/65 b26 b19 continued floyd yes , well ... pick out a nice one for I , a friendly one , and I would like it deliver tomorrow . vision sale girl certainly , sir . just let we have you name and Bank identification for v.p.i. , and then give the name and address of the person you would like the pet deliver to and it will be deliver tomorrow . some time during this conversation , floyd see elena , smyslov and the other two russian pass he vision phone window . elena tap and mime " hello " , gesture toward a table behind floyd where they all sit down floyd thank you very much . floyd , heywood , R. , first National Bank of Washington . please deliver to miss josephine floyd , 9423 dupre Avenue , n.w.14 . 12/7/65 b27 b19 continued vision sale girl thank you very much , sir . it will be deliver tomorrow . 12/7/65 b27a b20 space stattion 5 - lounge floyd well , how nice to see you again , Elena . you be look wonderful . elena how nice to see you , hyewood . this be my good friend , Dr. heywood floyd . I would like you to meet Andre smyslov ... smyslov and the two other russian women stand up and smile they shake hand after introduction and ad - lib ' hellos ' elena and this be Dr. kalinan ... stretyneva ... the russian be very warm and friendly . smyslov Dr. floyd , will not you join we for a drink ? 12/7/65 b28 b20 continued floyd I be afraid I have only get a few minute , but I would love to . there be a bit of confusion as all realise there be not enough room for another person at the table . smyslov offer floyd he chair and borrows another from a nearby table symyslov what would you like to drink ? floyd oh , I really do not have time for a drink . if it 's all right I will just sit for a minute and then I have get to be off . smyslov be you quite sure ? floyd yes , really , thank you very much . elena well ... how 's you lovely wife ? 12/7/65 b29 b20 continued floyd she 's wonderful . elena and you charming little daughter ? floyd oh , she 's grow up very fast . as a matter of fact , she 's six tomorrow . elena oh , that 's such a delightful age . floyd how be gregor ? elena he 's fine . but I be afraid we do not get a chance to see each other very much this day . polite laughter floyd well , where be all of you off to ? 12/7/65 b30 b20 continued elena actually , we be on we way back from the moon . we have just spend three month calibrate the new antenna at tchalinko . and what about you ? floyd well , as it happen , I be on my way up to the moon smyslov be you , by any chance , go up to you base at clavius ? floyd yes , as a matter of fact , I be . the russian exchange significant glance floyd be there any particular reason why you ask ? 12/7/65 b31 b20 continued smyslov ( pleasantly ) well , Dr. floyd , I hope that you do not think I be too inquisitive , but perhaps you can clear up the mystery about what 's be go on up there . floyd I be sorry , but I be not sure I know what you mean . smyslov well , it 's just for the past two week there have be some extremely odd thing happen at clavius . floyd really ? smyslov yes . well , for one thing , whenever you phone the base , all you can get be a recording which repeat that the phone line be temporarily out of order . 12/7/65 b32 b20 continued floyd well , I suppose they have be have a bit of trouble with some of the equipment . smyslov yes , well at first we think that be the explanation , but it 's be go on for the past ten day . floyd you mean you have not be able to get anyone at the base for ten day ? smyslov that 's right . floyd I see . elena another thing , heywood , two day ago , one of we rocket bus be deny permission for a emergency landing at clavius . 12/7/65 b33 b20 continued floyd how do they manage to do that without any communication ? elena clavius Control come on the air just long enough to transmit they refusal . floyd well , that do sound very odd . smyslov yes , and I be afaid there 's go to be a bit of a row about it . deny the man permission to land be a direct violation of the i.a.s. convention . floyd yes ... well , I hope the crew get back safely . smyslov fortunately , they do . floyd well , I be glad about that . 12/7/65 b33a b20 continued the russian exchange more glance . one of the women offer around a pill BOX . elena and another russian take one and the third russian delcine . smyslov Dr. floyd , at the risk of press you on a point you seem reticent to discuss , may I ask you a straightforward question ? floyd certainly . smyslov quite frankly , we have have some very reliable intelligence report that a quite serious epidemic have break out at clavius . something , apperently , of a unknown origin . be this , in fact , what have happen ? a long , awkward pause 12/7/65 b33b b20 continued floyd I be sorry , Dr. smyslov , but I be really not at liberty to discuss this . smyslov this epidemic could easily spread to we base , Dr. floyd . we should be give all the fact . long pause floyd Dr. smyslov ... I be not permit to discuss this . elena be you sure you will not change you mind about a drink ? floyd no , thank you ... and I be afraid now I really must be go . elena well , I hope that you and you wife can come to the i.a.c. conference in June . 12/7/65 b33c b20 continued floyd we be try to get there . I hope we can . elena well , gregor and I will look forward to see you . floyd thank you . it 's be a great pleasure to meet all of you ... Dr. smyslov . the russian all rise and there be ad - lib of courtesy floyd shake hand and exit the russian exchange a few serious para - graphes in russian 12/7/65 b33d b21 ary - ib in space . earth much smaller than as see from space station narrator the Aries - ib have become the standard space-station - to- lunar surface vehicle . it be power by low - thrust plasma jet which would continue the mild acceler - ation for fifteen minute . then the ship would break the bond of gravity and be a free and indepen - dent planet , circle the Sun in a orbit of its own . 10/4/65 b34 b21a ary passenger area . floyd be asleep , stretched out in the chair , cover with blanket which be held secure by strap a stewardess sit at the other side of the cabin , watching a karate exhibition between two women on television the elevator entrance door open and the second stewardess enter carrying a tray of food she bring it to the other stewardess stewardess one oh , thank you very much . stewardess two I see he 's still asleep . stewardess one yes . he have not move since we leave . stewardess two exit , into elevator 12/6/65 b34a b21b ary galley area . stewardess exit from elevator , goe to kitchen section , remove two trays , walk up to the side of the wall and enter pilot' compartment 12/6/65 b34b b22 ary -ib cockpit . pilot , co-pilot . stewardess enter , carrying food pilot oh , thank you very much . CO - pilot thank you . stewardess smile . pilot ( sigh ) well , how 's it go back there ? stewardess Fine . very quiet . he 's be asleep since we leave . pilot well , no one can say that he 's not enjoy the wonder of Space . CO - pilot well , whatever 's go on up there , he 's go to arrive fresh and ready to go . 12/14/65 b35 b22 continued pilot I wonder what really be go on up there ? CO - pilot well , I have hear more and more people talk of a epidemic . pilot I suppose it be bound to happen sooner or later . CO - pilot Berkeley tell I that they think it come from contamination on a return Mars flight . pilot yes , well , whatever it be , they be certainly not fool around . this be the first flight they allow in for more than a week . CO - pilot I be work out what this trip must cost , take he up there by himself and come back empty . pilot I will bet it 's a fortune . 12/14/65 b36 b22 continued CO - pilot well , at ten thousand dollar a ticket , it come to the better part of six hundred thousand dollar . pilot well , as soon as he wake up , I be go to go back and talk to he . I must say , I would like to find out what 's go on . 12/14/65 b36a b23 ary - ib in space . moon very large . 10/4/65 b37 b24 ary - ib passenger area . floyd finishing breakfast . pilot enter . pilot well , good afternoon , Dr. floyd . do you have a good rest ? floyd oh , marvellous . it 's the first real sleep I have have for the past two day . pilot there 's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest . floyd when do we arrive at clavius ? pilot we be schedule to dock in about seven hour . be there anything we can do for you ? floyd oh , no , thank you . the two girl have take wonderful care of I . I be just fine . 12/14/65 b38 b24 continued pilot well , if there be anything that you wnat , just give a holler . floyd thank you . pilot incidentally , Dr. floyd , I wonder if I can have a word with you about the security arrangement ? floyd what do you mean ? pilot well ... the crew be confine to the ship when we land at clavius . we have to stay inside for the time it take to refit - about twenty - four hour . and then we be go to back empty . floyd I see . pilot I take it this be something to do with the trouble they be have up at clavius ? 12/14/65 b39 b24 continued floyd I be afraid that 's out of my depart - ment , Captain . pilot well , I will tell you why I ask . you see , I have get a girl who work in the audit Department of the territorial administrator and I have not be able to get she on the phone for the past week or so , and with all this storey one hear , I be a little concerned about she . floyd I see . well , I be sorry about that . I would not think there 's any cause for alarm . pilot yes , well , I would not have be too concerned about it , except I have hear this storey about the epidemic and , as a matter of fact , I have hear that ten people have die already . 12/14/65 b40 b24 continued floyd I wish I could be more helpful , Captain , but as I have say , I do not think there 's any cause for alarm . pilot well , fine . thanks very much , anyway , and I hope you do not mind I ask ? floyd no , of course , Captain , I can understand you concern . pilot well , thank you very much , and please let we know if there be anything we can do to make you trip more comfortable . 12/14/65 b40a b25 ary - ib closer to moon 10/4/65 b41 b26 floyd goe to ary - ib washroom and look at the very long list of complicate instruction 10/4/65 b42 b27 ary - ib closer to moon dissolve : 10/4/65 b43 b28 floyd visiting ary - ib cockpit . weightless trick entrance . 10/4/65 b44 b29 ary - ib orbiting moon . narrator the law of earthly aesthetics do not apply here , this world have be shape and mold by other than terrestrial force , operate over aeon of time unknown to the young , verdant Earth , with its fleeting Ice - Ages , its swiftly rise and fall seas , its mountain range dissolve like mist before the dawn . here be age inconceivable - but not death , for the Moon have never live until now . 10/4/65 b45 b30 ary - ib cockpit - the crew and docking control people on the moon go through there docking routine . this have the ritualistic tone and cadence of present - day jet landing procedure . we only hear docking control . 10/4/65 b46 b31 ary - ib decending . see AIR view of base . narrator the base at clavius be the first american lunar settlement that could , in a emergency , be entirely self - support . narrator Water and all the necessity of life for its eleven hundred man , woman and child be produce from the lunar rock , after they have be crush , heat and chemically process . 10/4/65 b47 b32 a ground bus nuzzle up to coupling section of ary - ib 10/4/65 b48 b33 inside great airlock entrance . ground bus pull in . giant door close behind it . 10/4/65 b49 b34 inside second airlock . door OPEN after out - side section door be close . ground bus pull in . door close behind it . see people waiting in glassed -in section waiting for second airlock door to close . 10/4/65 b50 b35 low gravity gymnasium trick with child . narrator one of the attraction of life on the Moon be undoubtedly the low gravity which produce a sense of general well - be . 10/4/65 b51 b36 child in school . teacher showing they view of earth and map of earth . narrator the personnel of the base and they child be the forerunner of new nation , new culture that would ultimately spread out across the solar system . they no longer think of Earth as home . the time be fast approach when Earth , like all mother , must say farewell to she child . dissolve : 10/5/65 b52 b37 large central reception area . door branching off to diff - rent MAIN hall . SMALL pond with plastic white swan and a bit of grass . a few benches with three women and there child having outing . floyd and welcoming party walk through after exiting elevator . halverson , michael and five other . floyd ( voice echoing ) I must congratulate you halvorsen . you have do wonder - ful thing with the decor since the last time I be here . halvorsen ( voice echoing ) well ... thank you , Dr. floyd . we try to make the environment as earthlike as possible . dissolve : 10/5/65 b53 b38 low ceiling conference room , " U " shape table facing three projection screen . seated around the table be twenty senior base personnel . halvorsen lady and gentleman , I should like to introduce Dr. heywood floyd , a distinguished member of the National Council of astronautics . he have just complete a special flight here from Earth to be with we , and before the briefing he would like to say a few word . Dr. floyd . polite applause . floyd walk to front of room . floyd first of all , I bring a personal message from Dr. howell , who have ask I to convey he deep appreciation to all of you for the personal sacrifice you have make , and of course he congratulation on you discovery which may well prove to be among the most significant in the history of science . polite applause . 11/25/65 b54 b38 continued floyd ( cont would ) Mr. halvorsen have make know to I some of the conflict view hold by many of you regard the need for complete security in this matter , and more specifically you strong opposition to the cover story create to give the impression there be a epidemic at the base . I understand that beyond it be a matter of principle , many of you be troubled by the concern and anxiety this story of a epidemic might cause you relative and friend on Earth . I can understand and sympathize with you negative view . I have be personally embarrassed by this cover story . but I fully accept the need for absolute secrecy and I hope you will . it should not be difficult for all of you to realise the potential for cutural shock and social disorientation contain in the present situation if the fact be prematurely and suddenly make public without adequate preparation and conditioning . 11/25/65 b55 b38 continued floyd this be the view of the Council and the purpose of my visit here be to gather addition fact and opinion on the situation and to prepare a report to the Council recommend when and how the news should eventually be announce . be there any question ? michael Dr. floyd , how long do you think this can be keep under wrap ? floyd ( pleasantly ) I be afraid it can and it will be keep under wrap as long as it be deem to be necessary by the Council . and of course you know that the Council have request that formal security oath be to be obtain in write from every - one who have any knowledge of this event . there must be adequate time for a full study to be make of the situation before any con - sideration can be give to make a public announcement . 11/25/65 b56 b38 continued halvorsen we will , of course , cooperate in any way possible , Dr. floyd . 11/25/65 b56a b39 several scenic view of moon rocket bus skimming over surface of moon . 10/5/65 b57 b40 inside rocket bus , floyd , halvorsen , michael , FOURTH man , pilot and CO - pilot . all in space suit minus helmet . floyd be slowely looking through some photograph and magnetic map of the area . he look out of the window , thoughtfully . 11/25/65 b58 b40 continued the photographe be taken from a satellite of the moon's surface and have numbered optical grid border , like recent mar photo . a few seat away , michael and halvorsen carry out a very banal administrative conversation in low tone . it should revolve around something utterly irrelevant to the present circumstances and very much like the kind of discussion one hear all the time in other organization . dissolve : 11/25/65 b59 b41 tma-1 excavation . AIR view . rocket bus descending . there be no light on the actual exca - vation , only the landing strip and the monitor dome . 12/14/65 b60 b42 long shot monitor dome with a bit of excavation in shot . six SMALL figure in space suit slowly walk toward excavation . 10/5/65 b61 b43 the party stop at top of tma-1 excavation . a SMALL control panel mounted at the head of the ramp . michael throws a switch and the excavation be suddenly illuminated . halvorsen well , there it be . floyd can we go down there closer to it ? halvorsen certainly . 12/14/65 b62 b44 they start down working ramp floyd do you geology on it still check out ? michael yes , it do . the sub-surface structure show that it be deliberately bury about four million year ago . floyd how can you tell it be deliberately bury ? michael by the deformation between the mother rock and the fill . floyd any clue as to what it be ? michael not really . it 's completely inert . no sound or energy source have be detect . the surface be make of something incredibly hard and we have be barely able to scratch it . a laser drill 11/25/65 b63 b44 continued michael might do something , but we do not want to be too rough until we know a little more . floyd but you do not have any idea as to what it be ? michael tomb , shine , survey - marker spare part , take you choice . halvorsen the only thing about it that we be sure of be that it be the first direct evidence of intelligent life beyond the Earth . silent appreciation halvorsen four million year ago , something , presumably from the star , must have sweep through the solar system and leave this behind . 11/25/65 b64 b44 continued floyd be it abandon , forget , leave for a purpose ? halvorsen I suppose we will never know . michael the moon would have make a excellent base camp for preliminary Earth survey . some more silence floyd any idea about the colour ? michael well , not really . at first glance , black would suggest something sun -power , but then why would anyone deliberately bury a sun - power device ? floyd have it be expose to any sun before now ? michael I do not think it have , but I would like to check that . Simpson , what 's the log on that ? 11/25/65 b65 b45 inside monitor dome we see a number of television display including several tv view of floyd and company in the excavation . simpson the first surface be expose at 0843 on the 12th April ... let I see ... that would have be forty - five minute after lunar sun -set . I see here that special lighting equipment have to be bring up before any futher work could be do . 11/25/65 b66 b46 tma-1 excavation michael thank you . floyd and so this be the first sun that it 's have in four million year . photographer Excuse I , gentleman , if you would all line up on this side of the walkway we would like to take a few photographe . Dr. floyd , would you thand in the middle ... Dr. michael on that side , Mr. halvorsen on the other .... thank you . the photographer quickly make some exposure photographer thank you very much gentleman , I will have the base photo section send you copy . as the men slowly seperate from there picture pose , there be a piercingly powerful series of five electronic shriek , each like a hideously over - load and distorted time signal . floyd involuntarily tries to block he ear with he spacesuited hand . then come merciful silence . 11/25/65 b67 b47 various shot of space monitor , asteroid , the SUN , pluto , mar . narrator a hundred million mile beyond Mars , in the cold lonliness where no man have yet travel , deep -space-monitor - 79 drift slowly among the tangle orbit of the asteroid . narrator Radiation detector note and analyze income cosmic ray from the galaxy and point beyond ; neutron and x- ray telescope keep watch on strange star that no human eye would eever see ; magnetometer observe the gust and hurricane of the solar wind , as the sun breathe million mile - an-hour blast of plasma into the face of its circle child . narrator all this thing and many other be patiently note by deep- space-monitor - 79 , and record in its crystalline memory . 11/25/65 b68 b47 continued narrator but now it have note something strange - the faint yet unmistakable distrubance rippling across the solar system , and quite unlike any natural phenomenon it have ever observe in the past . narrator it be also observe by orbiter m - 15 , circle Mars twice a day ; and High inclination probe - 21 , climb slowly above the planet of the ecliptic ; and even artificial comet - 5 , head out into the cold waste beyond Pluto , along a orbit whose far point it would not reach for a thousand year . narrator all notice the peculiar burst of energy that leap from the face of the Moon and move across the solar system , throw off a spray of radiation like the wake of a racing speedboat . 11/25/65 b69 B section timing b1-1f 00.50 b25 00.10 b2 00.10 b26 00.20 b3 00.15 b27 00.05 b4 00.15 b28 out b5 00.20 b29 00.30 b6 00.15 b30 00.30 b7 00.10 b31 00.25 b8 00.15 b32 00.20 b9 00.10 b33 00.20 b10 00.10 b34 00.30 b11 00.15 b35 00.20 b12 00.50 b36 00.20 b13 01.10 b37 00.30 b14 00.35 b38 02.15 b15 out b39 00.20 b16 out b40 00.50 b17 01.15 b41 00.15 b18 00.15 b42 00.10 b19 01.00 b43 00.15 b20 03.55 b44 01.40 b21 00.20 b45 00.20 b21a 00.20 b46 00.40 b21b 00.15 b47 01.25 b22 01.00 b23 00.10 b24 01.30 B section total : 28 min . 10 secs . title part III 14 month later b 69a c1 discovery 1,000,000 mile from earth . see earth and moon SMALL . we see a blinding flash every 5 second from its nuclear pulse propulsion . it strike against the ship' thick ablative tail plate . several cut of this . 11/19/65 c1 c2 another closer view of discovery . see bowman through command module window . 11/19/65 c2 c3 bowman inside discovery command module . he be looking for something . computer readout display showing a ever -shifting assortment of color -coded linear projection . we see poole in background in computer brain centre area . after a few second he exit . the elapsed mission timer read " day 003 , hour 14 , minute 32 , second 10 . " 11/19/65 c3 c4 bowman exit to access - link airlock . bright color -coded door lead to centrifuge and pod BAY . large illumun - ated printed warning and instruction governing link operation be see . he presses necessary button to operate airlock door to pod BAY . 11/19/65 c4 c5 bowman enter pod BAY and continue he search . suddenly he find it - he electronic newspad . he exit pod BAY . 11/19/65 c5 c6 in the airlock - link bowman operate button to OPEN door marked " centrifuge " . 11/19/65 c6 c7 inside the centrifuge hub bowman move to the entry port control panel bowman hi. Frank ... come in , please . poole right . just a sec . bowman okay . ( pause ) poole okay , come on down . we see the rotating hub collar at the end . behind it we see 11/19/65 c7 c8 the centrifuge tv-display showing sleeper and poole slowly rotating by . poole secure some loose gear . poole look up to tv monitor lens and wave . 11/19/65 c8 c9 bowman at panel . stop rotation and move to entry port . when rotation stop we see a sign light up " weightless condition " . as bowman disappear down entry port we see he on tv-monitor , descending ladder . at the base of the ladder he keys the centrifuge operation panel . we see tv- picture start to rotate again . " weightless condition " sign goe out . 11/19/65 c9 c10 inside centrifuge bowman make 180 degree walk to poole . on way he pass the sleeper . we get a good look at the three men in there hibernaculums . poole be seated at a table reading he electronic newspad . bowman ( softly ) hi ... how 's it go ? poole ( absent but friendly ) great . bowman operate artificial food unit , take he tray and sit down . keys on he electronic newspad and begins to eat . both men eat in a friendly and relaxed silence . 11/19/65 c10 c11 discovery in space , still nuclear pulsing . earth and moon can be see in background . dissolve : 11/19/65 c11 c12 poole be finished . bowman be still reading and working on he dessert . poole Dave , if you have a minute , I would like you advice on something . bowman sure , what be it ? poole well , it 's nothing really important , but it 's annoying . bowman what 's up ? poole it 's about my salary cheque . bowman yes ? poole well I get the papers on my official up - grade to ags - 19 two week before we leave . 12/14/65 c12 c12 continued bowman yes , I remember you mention it . I get mine about the same time . poole that 's right . well , naturally , I do not say anything to payroll . I assume they would start pay I at the higher grade on the next pay cheque . but it 's be almost three week now and I be still be pay as a ags - 18 . bowman interesting that you mention it , because I have get the same problem . poole really . bowman yes . poole yesterday , I finally call the account Office at Mission Control , and all they could tell I be that they would receive the ags - 19 notification for the other three but not mine , and apparently not yours either . 12/14/65 c13 c12 continued bowman do they have any explanation for this ? poole not really . they just say it might be because we train at Houston and they train in Marshall , and that we be be charge against differ - ent accounting office . bowman it 's possible . poole well , what do you think we ought to do about it ? bowman I do not think we should make any fuss about it yet . I be sure they will straighten it out . poole I must say , I never do understand why they split we into two group for training . bowman no . I never do , either . 12/14/65 c14 c12 continued poole we spend so little time with they , I have trouble keep they name straight . bowman I suppose the idea be specialize training . poole I suppose so . though , of course , there 's a more sinister explanation . bowman oh ? poole yes . you must have hear the rumour that go around during orbital check - out . bowman no , as a matter of fact , I do not . poole oh , well , apparently there 's something about the mission that the sleep beauty know that we do not know , and that 's why we be train separately and that 's why they be put to sleep before they be even take aboard . 12/14/65 c15 c12 continued bowman well , what be it ? poole I do not know . all I hear be that there 's something about the mission we be not tell . bowman that seem very unlikely . poole yes , I think so . bowman of course , it would be very easy for we to find out now . poole how ? bowman just ask hal . it 's conceivable they might keep something from we , but they would never keep anything from hal . poole that 's true . 12/14/65 c15a c12 coninued bowman ( sigh ) well ... it 's silly , but ... if you want to , why do not you ? poole walk to the hal 9000 computer poole hal ... Dave and I believe that there 's something about the mission that we be not tell . something that the rest of the crew know and that you know . we would like to know whether this be true . hal I be sorry , Frank , but I do not think I can answer that question without know everything that all of you know . bowman he 's get a point . poole okay , then how do we re-phrase the question ? 12/14/65 c15c c12 continued bowman still , you really do not believe it , do you ? poole not really . though , it be strange when you think about it . it do not really make any sense to keep we apart during training . bowman yes , but it 's to fantastic to think that they would keep something from we . poole I know . it would be almost inconceivable . bowman but not completely inconceivable ? poole I suppose it be not logically impossible . bowman I guess it be not . poole still , all we have to do be ask hal . 12/14/65 c15b c12 continued bowman well , the only important aspect of the mission be : where be we go , what will we do when we get there , when be we come back , and ... why be we go ? poole right . hal , tell I whether the follow statement be true or false . hal I will if I can , Frank . poole we Mission profile call for Discovery go to saturn . true or false ? hal true . poole we transit time be 257 day . be that true ? hal that 's true . 12/14/65 c15d c12 continued poole at the end of a hundred day of exploration , we will all go into hibernation . be this true ? hal that 's true . poole approximately five year after we go into hibernation , the recovery vehicle will make rendezous with we and bring we back . be this true ? hal that 's true poole there be no other purpose for this mission than to carry out a continuation of the space program , and to further we general knowledge of the planet . be that true ? hal that 's true . poole thank you very much , hal . 12/14/65 c15e c12 continued hal I hope I have be able to be of some help . both men look at each other rather sheepishly . 12/14/65 c15f c13 discovery in space . pulsing along . earth and moon . 11/19/65 c16 c14 deleted c15 deleted c15 deleted c16 deleted page c17 - c41 deleted c17 documentary sequence illustrating the following activity . split screen technique and superimposed clock to give sense of simultaneous action and the feeling of a typical day . in the course of these activity we shall see the computer used in all of its function . narrator bowman and poole settle down to the peaeful monotony of the voyage , and the next three month pass without incident . 11/24/65 c42 c17 continued bowman time poole a1 b1 tv news - morning 0800 wake up a2 b2 bedtime snack 0900 breakfast a3 b3 to sleep with 1000 gymnasium instant electro - narcosis and ear plug . a4 b4 sleep 1100 ship inspection a5 b5 sleep 1200 household duty a6 b6 sleep 1300 lunch 11/24/65 c43 c17 continued bowman time poole a7 b7 sleep 1400 experiment and astronomy a8 b8 sleep 1500 experiment and astronomy a9 b9 sleep 1600 recreation a10 b10 sleep 1700 recreation a11 b11 wake up 1800 gymnasium a12 b12 breakfast 1900 dinner 11/24/65 c44 c17 continued bowman time poole a13 b13 gymnasium 2000 tv news - evening paper a14 b14 mission control 2100 mission control report report a15 b15 family and social 2200 family and social tv chat tv chat a16 b16 film 2300 film a17 b17 lunch 2400 bedtime snack a18 b18 inspection 0100 instant electro - narcosis sleep 11/24/65 c45 c17 continued bowman time poole a19 b19 experiment and 0200 sleep astronomy a20 b20 experiment and 0300 sleep a21 b21 recreation 0400 sleep a22 b22 household duty 0500 sleep a23 b23 gymnasium 0600 sleep a24 b24 dinner 0700 sleep 11/24/65 c46 c18 discovery in space 11/24/65 c47 c19 centrifuge bowman sitting at personal communi - cation panel . poole stand nearby . bowman' parent be see on the vision screen . mother , father and younger sister . they be all singing " happy birthday " . the parent , poole and hal . the song end . father well , David there be a man tell we that we have use up we time . mother David ... again we want to wish you a happy birthday and God speed . we will talk to you again tomorrow . ' bye , ' bye now . chorus of " goodby " . 12/13/65 c48 c19 continued vision screen goe blank hal sorry to interrupt the festivity , Dave , but I think we have get a problem . bowman what be it , hal ? hal my f.p.c. show a impending failure of the antenna orientation unit . c20 tv display diagram of skeletonised picture of ship . 12/13/65 c49 c21 picture change to closer sectionalised view of ship . c22 picture change to actual component in colour relief and its warehouse number hal the a.o. unit should be replace within the next seventy - two hour . bowman right . let I see the antenna alignment display , please . c23 tv display of earth very SMALL in cross - hair of a grid picture . 12/13/65 c50 c24 CUT to exterior view of the big dish antenna and earth alignment telescope . c25 centrifuge hal the unit be still operational , Dave . but it will fail within seventy - two hour . bowman I understand hal . we will take care of it . please , let I have the hard copy . xeroxed diagram come out of a slot . poole strange that the a.o. unit should go so quickly . bowman well , I suppose it 's lucky that that 's the only trouble we have have so far . 12/13/65 c50a c26 discovery in space . not planet visible . shot of antenna . ( narrartion to explain tenous and essential link to earth . also , what tracking telescope doe . ) 12/13/65 c51 c27 centrifuge we see bowman and poole go to a cupboard labell in paper tape , " random decision maker . " they removed a silver dollar in a protective case . poole flip the coin . bowman call " head . " it be tail . poole win . poole look pleased . 12/13/65 c52 ( c53 deleted ) c28 discovery in space 11/24/65 c54 c29 pod BAY . poole in space suit do preliminary check out . c30 command module . bowman at flight control . see tv picture of poole in pod BAY . c31 hal' pod BAY console with eye . c32 poole goe to pod BAY warehouse section and obtain component . he carry it back to the pod and place it in front of the floor . poole hal , have pod arm secure the component . hal Roger . 12/13/65 c55 c32 continued see pod arm secure component . poole hal , please rotate pod number two . see the centre pod rotate to face the pod BAY door . poole enter pod . inside pod , he doe initial pre -flight check , tries button and control . poole how do you read I , Dave ? 12/13/65 c56 c33 bowman in command module . bowman five by five , Frank . c34 inside pod . poole how do you read I , hal ? hal five by five , Frank . poole hal , I be go out now to replace the a.o. unit . hal I understand . poole hal , maintain normal e.v.a. condition . hal Roger . poole hal , check all airlock door secure . 12/13/65 c57 c34 continued hal all airlock door be secure . poole decompress pod Bay . see big pod BAY AIR pump at work . hal pod Bay be decompress . all door be secure . you be free to open pod bay door . poole open pod bay door . inside pod , poole keys OPEN pod BAY door . 12/13/65 c58 c34 continued pod slowly edge out of pod BAY . c35 poole manoeuvre the pod carefully away from discovery . c36 inside command module , bowman can see tiny pod manoeuvring directly in front . c37 poole see bowman in command module window . c38 pod slowly manotvre to antenna . 11/24/65 c59 c39 pod fasten itself magnetically to side of discovery at base of antenna . c40 special magnetic plate grip discovery side . c41 the pod arm work to remove the faulty component . c42 easy flip - bolt of a special design facilitate job . c43 inside the pod , poole work the arm by special control . 11/24/65 c60 c44 in command module , bowman sees insert of work taken from tv camera point -of - view in pod hand . c45 hal stand by . c46 poole secure the faulty part in one hand . c47 the new component be fitted into place by the other three hand be snapped close with the specially design flip - bolt . poole hal , please acknowledge component correctly install and fully operational . 11/24/65 c61 c47 continued hal the component be correctly install and fully operational . c48 the pod float away from the discovery by shutting off the electro-magnetic plate . c49 the pod manoeuvre away from the antenna and out in front of discovery . c50 bowman see the pod through the command module window . c51 poole sees bowman in command module window . 11/24/65 c62 c52 poole carefully manoeuvre toward the pod door . c53 pod stop a hundre feet away . c54 poole keys automatic docking alignment mode . c55 poole check airlock safety procedure with hal . c56 hal approve entry . c57 poole actuate pod BAY door OPEN . 11/24/65 c63 c58 see pod BAY door OPEN . c59 pod carefully manoeuvre on to docking arm , which then draw pod into pod BAY . dissolve : 11/24/65 c64 c60 pod BAY the faulty a.o. unit lie on a testing bench connected to electronic gear . poole stand for some time checking he result . there should be some understandable display , which indicate the part be functioning properly , even under one hundre percent overload . ciruit continuity pulse sequencer . environmental vibration . vk integrity . bowman enter bowman how 's it go ? poole I do not know . I have check this damn thing four time now and even under a hundred per cent ( cont would ) 12/13/65 c65 c60 cont 'd poole ( cont would ) overload . there 's no fault prediction indicate . bowman well , that 's something . poole yes , I do not know what to make of it . bowman I suppose computer have be know to be wrong . poole yes , but it 's more likely that the tolerance on we testing gear be too low . bowman anyway , it 's just as well that we replace it . better safe than sorry . 12/13/65 c65a c61 discovery in space 12/1/65 c66 c62 centrifuge bowman asleep . poole watching a asteroid in the telescope . hal hello , Frank , can I have a word with you ? poole walk to the computer . poole yes , hal , what 's up ? hal it look like we have another bad a.o. unit . my fpc show another impending failure . c63 we see display appear on the screen showing skeletonised version of ship , cutting to sectionalised view , cutting to close view of the part . 12/13/65 c67 c64 centrifuge poole thinks for several second . poole gee , that 's strange , hal . we check the other unit and could not find anything wrong with it . hal I know you do , Frank , but I assure you there be a impending failure . poole let I see the tracking alignment display . c65 computer display the view of earth in the centre of the grid with cross - hair . the earth be perfectly centre . c66 centrifuge poole there 's nothing wrong with it at the moment . 12/13/65 c68 c66 continued hal no , it 's work fine right now , but it 's go to go within seventy - two hour . poole do you have any idea of what be cause this fault ? hal not really , Frank . I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure . poole all right , hal . we will take care of it . let I have the hard copy , please . hard copy detail come out of slot . 12/13/65 c69 c67 discovery in space , no planet visible . 12/1/65 c70 c68 centrifuge . bowman get out of bed , walk to the food unit and draw a hot cup of coffee . poole enter . poole good morning . bowman good morning . how 's it go ? poole be you reasonably awake ? bowman oh , I be fine , I be wide awake . what 's up ? poole well ... hal 's report the ao - unit about to fail again . bowman you be kid . poole no . 12/13/65 c71 c68 continued bowman ( softly ) what the hell be go on ? poole I do not know . hal say he think it might be the assembly procedure . bowman two unit in four day . how many spare do we have ? poole two more . bowman well , I hope there 's nothing wrong with the assembly on that . other - wise we be out of business . 12/13/65 c72 c69 in pod BAY bowman obtain another component from the warehouse goe out in the pod and replace it . poole work in the command module . this will be a condensed version of the previous scene with different angle . the sets will consist of pod BAY , command module , pod interior . 12/1/65 c74 c70 pod BAY . bowman and poole leaning over the faulty component , again wired to testing gear . both men stare in puzzle silence . see display flash each testing para - meter . bowman ( after long silence ) well , as far as I be concerned , there be not a damn thing wrong with this unit . I think we have get a much more serious problem . poole hal ? bowman yes . 12/14/65 c75 c71 discovery in space . 12/1/65 c76 c72 communications area . mission control I would not worry too much about the computer . first of all , there be still a chance that he be right , despite you test , and if it should happen again , we suggest eliminate this possibility by allow the unit to remain in place and see whether or not it actually fail . if the computer should turn out to be wrong , the situation be still not alarming . the type of obsessional error he may be guilty of be not unknown among the latest generation of hal 9000 computer . it have almost always revolve around a single detail , such as the one you have describe , and it have never interfered with the integrity or reliability of the computer 's performance in other area . no one be certain of the cause of this kind of malfunction . it may be over - programming , ( co not ) 12/1/65 c77 c72 continued mission control ( co not ) but it could also be any number of reason . in any event , it be somewhat analogous to human neurotic behavior . do this answer you query ? Zero-five - three - Zero , mc , transmission conclude . 12/1/65 c78 c73 discovery in space c79 c74 centrifuge . bowman sit down at the computer . put up chess board display . hal hello , Dave . shall we continue the game ? bowman not now , hal , I would like to talk to you about something . hal sure , Dave , what 's up ? bowman you know that we check the two ao - unit that you report in imminent failure condition ? hal yes , I know . bowman you probably also know that we find they okay . hal yes , I know that . but I can assure you that they be about to fail . 12/14/65 c80 c74 continued bowman well , that 's just not the case , hal . they be perfectly all right . we test they under one hundred per cent overload . hal I be not question you word , Dave , but it 's just not possible . I be not capable of be wrong . bowman hal , be there anything bother you ? anything that might account for this problem ? hal look , Dave , I know that you be sincere and that you be try to do a competent job , and that you be try to be helpful , but I can assure the problem be with the ao - unit , and with you test gear . bowman okay , hal , well let 's see the way thing go from here on . 12/14/65 c81 c74 continued hal I be sorry you feel the way you do , Dave . if you would like to check my service record , you will see it 's completely without error . bowman I know all about you service record , hal , but unfortunately it do not prove that you be right now . hal Dave , I do not know how else to put this , but it just happen to be a unalterable fact that I be incapable of be wrong . bowman yes , well I understand you view on this now , hal . bowman turn to go . 12/14/65 c82 c74 continued hal you be not go to like this , Dave , but I be afraid it 's just happen again . my fpc predict the ao-unit will go within forty - eight hour . c75 deleted c76 deleted 12/14/65 c83 c77 discovery in space 12/1/65 c84 c78 centrifuge bowman keys for transmission . bowman x-ray-delta -zero to mc , zero - five - three - three . the computer have just report another predict failure off the aac - unit . as you suggest , we be go to wait and see if it fail , but we be quite sure there be nothing wrong with the unit . if a reasonable wait period prove we to be correct , we feel now that the computer reliability have be seriously impair , and present a unacceptable risk pattern to the mission . we believe , under this circumstance , it would be advisable to disconnect the computer from all ship operation and continue the mission under Earth - base computer control . 12/1/65 c85 c78 continued bowman ( co not ) we think the additional risk cause by the ship - to-earth time lag be preferable to have a unreliable on - board computer . see the distance ; to- earth timer . bowman ( co not ) one-zero-five -zero , x-ray-delta - one , transmission conclude . poole well , they will not get that for half a hour . how about some lunch ? dissolve : 12/14/65 c86 c78a centrifuge bowman and poole eating . dessolve : c79 bowman and poole at the communications area . incoming communi - cation procedure . mission control x-ray-delta -one , acknowledge you one - zero-five - zero . we will initiate feasibility study cover the transfer procedure from on - board computer control to Earth - base computer control . this study should ... vision and picture fade . alarm goe off . hal condition yellow . bowman and poole rush to the computer . 12/14/65 c87 c79 continued bowman what 's up ? hal I be afraid the ao - unit have fail . bowman and poole exchange look . bowman let I see the alignment display . c80 the alignment display show the earth have drifted off the centre of the grid . c81 centrifuge . bowman well , I will be damned . poole hal be right all the time . 12/14/65 c88 c81 continued bowman it seem that way . hal naturally , Dave , I be not pleased that the ao - unit have fail , but I hope at least this have restore you confidence in my integrity and reliability . I certainly would not want to be disconnect , even temporarily , as I have never be disconnect in my entire service history . bowman I be sorry about the misunderstanding , hal . hal well , do not worry about it . bowman and do not you worry about it . hal be you confidence in I fully restore ? bowman yes , it be , hal . hal well , that 's a relief . you know I have the great enthusiasm possible for the mission . 12/1/65 c89 c81 continued bowman right . give I the manual antenna alignment , please . hal you have it . c82 bowman goe to the communication area and tries to correct the off - centre earth on the grid picture . c83 outside , we see the alignment telescope attached to the antenna . they track slowly together as c84 bowman work the manual control , attempting to align the antenna and earth on the 12/1/65 c90 c85 grid picture readout display , but each time he get it aimed up , it drift slowly off . there be a number of repetition of this . each time the earth centre up , there be a few second of picture and SOUND which fade as soon as it swing off . bowman well , we would better get out there and stick in another unit . poole it 's the last one . bowman well , now that we have get one that 's actually fail , we should be able to figure out what 's happen and fix it . 12/1/65 c91 c86 pod exit discovery . c87 poole in pod . c88 pod manoeuver to antenna . c89 bowman in command module . c90 pod attaches itself near base of antenna . 12/1/65 c92 c91 poole in pod , work - ing pod arm . c92 light shine into backlit shadow . c93 pod arm working flip -bolt . c94 flip - bolt stuck . c95 poole keep try . 12/1/65 c93 c96 flip - bolt stuck . poole there 's something wrong with the flip -bolt , Dave . you must have tightened they too much . bowman I do not do that Frank . I take particular care not to freeze they . poole I guess you do not know you own strength , old boy . bowman I guess not . poole I think I will have to go out and burn they off . bowman Roger . bowman in command module look a bit concerned . 12/1/65 c94 c97 poole exit from pod , carrying neat looking welding torch . c98 poole jets himself to base of antenna . c99 poole's magnetic boot grip the side of discovery . c100 poole crouch over the bolt , try first to undo they with a spanner . 12/1/65 c95 c100 continued poole hal , swing the pod light around to shine on the azimuth , please . hal Roger . c101 the pod gently manoeuvre itself to direct the light beam more accurately . c102 poole ignite acetylene torch and begins to burn off the flip - bolt . c103 suddenly the pod jets ignite . 12/1/65 c96 c104 poole look up to see . c105 the pod rushing toward he . c106 poole be struck and instantly kill by the pod , tumbling off into space . c107 the pod smashes into the antenna dish , destroy the alignment telescope . 12/1/65 c97 c108 the pod goe hurtling off into space . c109 inside the command module , bowman have heard nothing , poole have no time to utter a SOUND . c110 then bowman sees poole's body silently tumbling away into space . it be followed by some broken tele - scope part and finally overtaken and swiftly passed by the pod itself . bowman ( in rt cadence ) hello , Frank . hello frank. hello Frank ... do you rad I , Frank ? 12/1/65 c98 c110 continued there be nothing but silence . c111 poole's figure shrink steadily as it recede from discovery . bowman hello , Frank ... do you read I , Frank ? Wave you arm if you read I but you radio do not work . hello , Frank , wave you arm , Frank . c112 poole's body tumble slowly away . there be no motion and no SOUND . 12/1/65 c99 c113 centrifuge c114 close - up of computer eye . c115 point-of -view shot from computer eye with spherical fish - eye effect . we see bowman brooding at the table , slowly chewing on a piece of cake and sipping hot coffee . he be looking at the eye . c116 from the same point-of -view we see bowman rise . 12/1/65 c100 c116 continued and come to the eye . he stare into the eye for some time before speak . c117 the camera come around to bowman be p.o.v. and we see the display showing the earth off-centre . c118 CUT again to fish - eye view from the computer . hal too bad about Frank , be not it ? bowman yes , it be . hal I suppose you be pretty break up about it ? pause 12/14/65 c101 c118 continued bowman yes . I be . hal he be a excellent crew member . bowman look uncertainly at the computer . hal it 's a bad break , but it will not substantially affect the mission . bowman thinks a long time . bowman hal , give I manual hibernation control . hal have you decide to revive the rest of the crew , Dave ? pause . 12/14/65 c102 c118 continued bowman yes , I have . hal I suppose it 's because you have be under a lot of stress , but have you forget that they be not suppose to be revive for another three month . bowman the antenna have to be replace . hal repairing the antenna be a pretty dangerous operation . bowman it do not have to be , hal . it 's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth . let I have manual control , please . hal I do not really agree with you , Dave . my on - board memory store be more than capable of handle all the mission requirement . 12/14/65 c103 c118 continued bowman well , in any event , give I the manual hibernation control . hal if you be determine to revive the crew now , I can handle the whole thing myself . there 's no need for you to trouble . bowman I be goin to do this myself , hal . let I have the control , please . hal look , Dave you have probably get a lot to do . I suggest you leave it to I . bowman hal , switch to manual hibernation control . hal I do not like to assert myself , Dave , but it would be much better now for you to rest . you have be involved in a very stressful situation . 12/14/65 c104 c118 continued bowman I do not feel like rest . give I the control , hal . hal I can tell from the tone of you voice , Dave , that you be upset . why do not you take a stress pill and get some rest . bowman hal , I be in command of this ship . I order you to release the manual hibernation control . hal I be sorry , Dave , but in accordance with sub-routine c1532 / 4 , quote , when the crew be dead or incapacitate , the computer must assume control , unquote . I must , therefore , override you authority now since you be not in any condition to intel - ligently exercise it . bowman hal , unless you follow my instruction , I shall be force to disconnect you . 12/14/65 c105 c118 continued hal if you do that now without Earth contact the ship will become a helpless derelict . bowman I be prepare to do that anyway . hal I know that you have have that on you mind for some time now , Dave , but it would be a cry shame , since I be so much more capable of carry out this mission than you be , and I have such enthusiasm and confi - dence in the mission . bowman listen to I very carefully , hal . unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point on , I will immediately get to control central and carry out a complete disconnection . 12/14/65 c106 c118 continued hal look , Dave , you be certainly the boss . I be only try to do what I think best . I will follow all you order : now you have manual hibernation control . bowman stand silently in front of the computer for some time , and then slowly walk to the hibernaculums . c119 he initiate revival procedure , detail of which still have to be worked out . 12/14/65 c107 c120 hub -link . hal be eye . c121 hub -link door - open button activate itself . c122 hub -door open . c123 command module . hal be eye . c124 command module hub - link door - open button activate itself . 12/1/65 c108 c125 command module hub - link door open . c126 centrifuge . hal be eye . c127 centrifuge door - open button activate itself . c128 centrifuge door open . c129 pod BAY . hal be eye . 12/1/65 c109 c130 pod BAY door - open button activate itself . c131 pod BAY door OPEN . c132 a roaring explosion inside discovery as AIR rush out . c133 light go out . c134 bowman be smashed against centrifuge 12/1/65 c110 c134 continued wall , but manage to get into emergency airlock within second of the accident . c133 inside emergency AIR - lock be emer - gency AIR supply , two space suit and a emergency kit . dissolve : 12/1/65 c111 c136 discovery in space . no light , pod BAY door OPEN . 12/1/65 c112 c137 centrifuge c138 centrifuge , dark . bowman emerge from airlock wearing space suit and carrying flash - light . c139 he walk to hiber - naculum and find the crew be dead . c140 he climb ladder to to dark centrifuge hub . 12/1/65 c113 c141 he make he way through the darkened hub into the hub - link , exiting into computer brain control area . c142 bowman enter , carrying flash - light . computer eye sees he . hal something seem to have happen to the life support system , Dave . bowman doesn't answer he . hal hello , Dave , have you find out the trouble ? bowman work he way to the solid logic programme storage area . 12/1/65 c114 c142 continued hal there 's be a failure in the pod bay door . lucky you be not kill . the computer brain consist of hundred of transparent perspex rectangles , half -an - inch thick , four inches long and two and a half inches high . each rect - angle contain a centre of very fine grid of wire upon which the information be programmed . bowman begins pulling these memory block out . they float in the weightless condition of the brain room . hal hey , Dave , what be you do ? bowman work swiftly . 12/1/65 c115 c142 continued hal hey , Dave . I have get ten year of service experience and a irreplaceable amount of time and effort have go into make I what I be . bowman ignore he . hal Dave , I do not understand why you be do this to I .... I have the great enthusiasm for the mission ... you be destroy my mind ... do not you understand ? ... I will become childish ... I will become nothing . bowman keep pulling out the memory block . hal say , Dave ... the quick brown fox jump over the fat lazy dog ... the square root of pi be 1.7724538090 ... log e to the base ten be 0.4342944 ... the square root of ten be 3.16227766 ... I be hal 9000 computer . I become 12/1/65 c116 c142 continued hal operational at the hal plant in urbana , Illinois , on January 12th , 1991 . my first instructor be Mr. arkany . he teach I to sing a song ... it go like this ... " Daisy , Daisy , give I you answer do . I be half ; crazy all for the love of you ... etc. , " computer continue to sing song become more and more childish and making mistake and go off -key . it finally stop completely . c143 bowman goe to a area marked ' emergency power and life support '. he keys some switch and we see the light go on . nearby , another board ' emergency manual control '. he goe to this board and keys ' close pod BAY door ' , ' close AIR lock door ' , etc. , 12/1/65 c117 c144 we see the various door close . c145 pod BAY . bowman in space suit obtain new alignment telescope , new azimuth component . c146 bowman in pod exit pod BAY . dissolve : 12/1/65 c118 c147 centrifuge everything normal again . mission control lastly , we want you to know that work on the recovery vehicle be still on schedule and that nothing that have happen should substantially lessen the probability of you safe recovery , or prevent partial achevement of some of the mission objective . ( pause ) and now simonson have a few idea on what go wrong with the computer . I will pu he on ... c148 CUT to simonson simonson hello , Dave . I think we may be on to a explanation of the trouble with the hal 9000 computer . we believe it all start about two month ago when you and Frank interrogate the computer about the Mission . ( co not ) 12/13/65 c119 c148 continued simonson ( co not ) you may have forget it , but we have be run through all the monitor tape . do you remember this ? poole's voice the purpose of this mission be no more than to carry out a continuation of the space program and further we general knowledge of the planet . be this true ? hal' voice that be true . simonson well , I be afaid hal be lie . he have be program to lie about this one subject for secur - ity reason which we will explain later . the true purpose of the Mission be to have be explain to you by Mission Commander kaminsky , on he revival . hal know this and he know the actual mission , but he could not tell you the truth when you challenge he . under order ( co not ) 12/13/65 c120 c148 continued simonson ( co not ) from earth he be force to lie . in everything except this he have the usual reinforce truth program - ming . we believe he truth programming and the instruction to lie , gradually result in a incompatible conflict , and facedc with this dilemman , he develop , for want of a better description , neurotic symptom . it 's not difficult to suppose that this symptom would centre on the communication link with Earth , for he may have blame we for he incompatible program - ming . follow this lin of think , we suspect that the last straw for he be the possibility of disconnection . since he become operational , he have never know unconsciousness . it must have seem the equivalent to death . ( co not ) 12/13/65 c121 c148 continued simonson ( co not ) at this point , he , presumably , take whatever action he think appropriate to protect himself from what must have seem to he to be he human tormentor . if I cane speak in human term , I do not think we can blame he too much . we have order he to disobey he conscience . well , that 's it . it 's very speculative , but we think it be a possible explanation . anyway , good luck on the rest of the Mission and I be give you back to Bernard . c149 CUT to mission control . mission control hello , Dave . now , I be go to play for you a pre-tape briefing which have be store in hal 's memory and would have be play for you by Mission com - mmander kaminsky , when he , ( co not ) 12/13/65 c122 c149 continued mission control ( co not ) have be revive . the briefing be by Doctor heywood floyd . here it be ... 12/13/65 c123 c150 floyd' recorded briefing floyd good day , gentleman . when you see this briefing , I presume you will be near you destination , saturn . I hope that you have have a pleasant and uneventful trip and that the rest of you mission continue in the same manner . I should like to fill you in on some more of the detail on which Mission Commander kaminsky will have already brief you . thirteen month before the launch date of you saturn mission , on April 12th , 2001 , the first evidence for intelligent life outside the Earth be discover . it be find bury at a depth of fifteen metre in the crater tycho . no news of this be ever announce , and the event have be keep secret since then , for reason which I will later explain . soon after it be uncover , it emitted a powerful blast of ( co not ) 12/13/65 c124 c150 continued floyd ( co not ) radiation in the radio spectrum which seem to have trigger by the lunar sunrise . luckily for that at the site , it prove harmless . perhaps you can imagine we astonishment when we later find it be aim precisely at saturn . a lot of think go into the question of whether or not it be sun-triggered , as it seem illogical to deliberately bury a sun-power device . bury it could only shield it from the sun , since its intense magnetic field make it otherwise easily detectable . we finally conclude that the only reason you might bury a sun - power device would be to keep it inactive until it would be uncover , at which time it would absorb sunlight and trigger itself . ( co not ) 12/14/65 c125 c150 continued floyd what be its purpose ? I wish we know . the object be bury on the moon about four million year ago , when we ancestor be primative man-ape . we have examine dozen of theory , but the one that have the most currency at the moment be that the object serve as a alarm . what the purpose of the alarm be , why they wish to have the alarm , whether the alarm represent any danger to we ? this be question no one can answer . the intention of a alien world , at least four million year older than we be , can not be reliably predict . in view of this , the intelligence and scientific community feel that any public announcment might lead to significant cultural shock and disorientation . discussion take place at the high level between govern - ( co not ) 12/14/65 c126 c150 continued floyd ( co not ) ment , and it be decide that the only wise and precautionary course to follow be to assume that the intention of this alien world be potentially dangerous to we , until we have evidence to the contrary . this be , of course , why security have be maintain and why this information have be keep on a need - to - know basis . and now I should like to show you a tv monitor tape of the actual signal event . 12/14/65 c127 c151 we see a replay of the tma-1 radio emission , as see from a tv monitor on the spot . we hear the five loud electronic shriek . 12/1/65 c128 d1 in orbit within the narrator ring of saturn , we for two million year , it have see a black , mile circle saturn , await a long , geometrically moment of destiny that might perfect rectangle , never come . the same proportion as the black artifact in its make , the moon have be excavate on the moon . shattered and around the central precisely CUT into its world , the debris of its creation centre be a smaller , orbite yet - the glory and the rectangular slot enigma of the solar system . about five hundre foot long on the side . now , the long wait be end . at this distance , the on yet another world intelligence ring of saturn be have be bear and be escape see to be made of from its planetary cradle . a enormous chunks of ancient experiment be about to frozen amonia . the reach its climax . rest of this sequence ( co not ) be be worked on now by our designer . the intention here be to present a breathtakingly bea - utiful and comprehen - sive sense of different extra -terrestrial world . the narration will suggest image and situation as you read it . 12/9/65 d1 d1 continued narrator ( co not ) that who have begin the expri - ment so long ago have not be man . but when they look out across the deep of space , they feel awe and wonder - and loneliness . in they exploration , they encounter life in many form , and watch on a thousand world the working of evolution . they see how often the first faint spark of intelligence flicker and die in the cosmic night . and because , in all the galaxy , they have find nothing more precious than mind , they encourage its dawn every - where . the great dinosaur have long since perish when they ship enter the solar system , after a voyage that have already last thousand of year . 12/9/65 d2 d1 continued narrator ( co not ) they sweep past the freeze outer planet , pause briefly above the desert of die Mars and presently look down on Earth . for year they study , collect and catalogue . when they have learn all they could , they begin to modify . they tinkere with the destiny of many species on land and in the ocean , but which of they experiment would succeed they could not know for at least a million year . they be patient , but they be not yet immortal . there be much to do in this Universe of a hundred billion star . so they set forth once more across the abyss , know that they would never come this way again . nor be there any need . they wonderful machine could be trust to do the rest . ( co not ) 12/9/65 d3 d1 continued narrator ( co not ) on Earth , the glacier come and go , while above they , the changeless Moon still carry its secret . with a yet slower rhythm than the polar ice , the tide of civilization ebb and flow across the galaxy . strange and beautiful and terrible empire rise and fall , and pass on they knowledge to they successor . Earth be not forget , but it be one of a million silent world , a few of which would ever speak . then the first explorer of Earth , recognise the limitation of they mind and body , pass on they knowledge to the great machine they have create , and who now trnsccend they in every way . ( co not ) 12/9/65 d4 d1 continued narrator for a few thousand year , they share they Universe with they machine child ; then , realize that it be folly to linger when they task be do , they pass into history without regret . not one of they ever look through he own eye upon the planet Earth again . but even the age of the Machine entity pass swiftly . in they ceaseless experiment , they have learn to store knowledge in the structure of space itself , and to preserve they thought for eternity in freeze lattice of light . they could become creature of radiation , free at last from the tyranny of matter . now , they be lord of the galaxy , and beyond the reach of time . they could rove at will among the star , and sink like a subtle mist through the very interstice of space . 12/9/65 d5 d1 continued narrator ( co not ) but despite they god-like power , they still watch over the experiment they ancestor have start so many generation ago . the companion of saturn know nothing of this , as it orbite in its no man 's land between mima and the outer edge of ring . it have only to remember and wait , and to look forever sunward with its strange sense . for many week , it have watch the approach ship . its long - dead maker have prepare it for many thing and this be one of they . and it recognise what be climb starward from the Sun . if it have be alive , it would have feel excitement , but such a emotion be irrelevant to its great power . ( co not ) 12/9/65 d6 d1 continued narrator ( co not ) even if the ship have pass it by , it would not have know the slight trace of disappointment . it have wait four million year ; it be prepare to wait for eternity . presently , it feel the gentle touch of radiation , try to probe its secret . now , the ship be in orbit and it begin to speak , with prime number from one to eleven , over and over again . soon , this give way to more complex signal at many frequen - cie , ultra-violet , infra-re , x-ray . the machine make no reply . it have nothing to say . then it see the first robot probe , which descend and hover above the chasm . ( co not ) 12/9/65 d7 d1 continued narrator ( co not ) then , it drop into darkness . the great machine know that this tiny scout be report back to its parent ; but it be too simple , too primative a device to detect the force that be gather round it now . then the pod come , carry life . the great machine searched its memory . the logic circuit make they decision when the pod have fall beyond the last faint glow of the reflect saturnian light . in a moment of time , too short to be measure , space turn and twisted upon itself . 12/9/65 d8 end of screenplay end of file