2010 the odyssey continue for Educational purpose only " 2010 " hillside , late afternoon l the sun be drop in the afternoon sky , like a heavy orange weight . ic rake the lush green of the mountain with deep ocher streak of lighc . a thin line of cloud boac overhead like a lavender scar . the dish look too big for a man-made object . only the fact that it be such a perfece circle ... in the middle of the asymmetry of the mountain ridge ... make it unnatural . otherwise it would be a huge erator ... the kind that become tourist attraction . it be over one thousand foot in diameter ... a polished white saucer cuc into the side of the mountain . suspend hundred of feec above the center , be the receiver .. , look like a giant erector set . it be support by a spider 's web of fragile look cable . a almost imperceptible dot be move slowly across the expanse of the dish . it be only afrer a while +. that we realize that the dot be in fact a man . CUT to : snow shoe 2 a pair of foot be trudging over the fine mesh surface . they be walk on large circular rubberize pad , to protect the mesh . wind swirl around the bottom of the dish , give off a constant forlorn howl . this be punctuate by the spongy footstep of the rubber pad . the shoe stop . the man kneel down co inspect a impurity in the surface . this be the first time we clearly see hin . heywood floyd look like he be always someplace else . his fifty - year old eye be pierce and direct ... yet they be also impatient . quite often they let you know that he understand what you be go to say ... when you be half way through say it ... and they be then off on some other think while you finish . it make you feel as if you be talk to a egg timer with crow feet . he clearly wear whatever happen to be on top of the nearest drawer . on this particular day ... it turn out to be a loose fitting Hawaiian shirt , baggy pants and no sock . the loose fictce clothing flap in the prevaile wind ... and he bare ankle make the strange rubber protective snow shoe look even more bizzare . ( continued ) continued ' 2 cont'd . he be run he hand over the mesh surface . he remove small impurity chac have be collecce ... meticulously go from panel to panel ... like a gardener remove weec from a manicure lawn . dimitri ( v.0 . ) neatness be a good quality . you will make someone a fine wife . floyd look up from he work . the portly figure of dr . dimitri moisevitch be try to make its way up the slope of the dish . moisevitch be a elderly man , who sweat profusely . he have che skin and body of a man whe have spenc a lifetime avoid the direct ray of the sun . his lack of achletic talent be enough co make walk up the dish a terrifying journey for he . the strange rubber snow shoe only make matter a good deal worse for hin . floyd stare ac moisevitch . moisevitch you be Doctor heywood floyd ? floyd who the hell be you ? moisevitch they tell I at security that I could find Dr. floyd up here . it be very difficult walk here , also ... I be old . please ... if you be not Dr. floyd ... cell I now ... so that I do not have to try walk all that way . I do not mind die ... I simply do n'c wane to die in vain . floyd give a slight shrug . floyd I be floyd . moisevitch continue try to negotiate the slope . moisevitcek I be moisevitch . we can see the impacc this have on floyd . moisevitch I be here to talk about you problem . ( continued ) 2 continued 2 cont 'd. floyd really ? what problem be that ? molsevitch you be Chairman of the Nacional Council on astronautics . now you be a school teacher . this be by you own choice ? floyd I be chancellor of the University , not a teacher . it pay better . what the hell business be it of yours ? moisevitch you be responsible for the Discovery mission . it be a failure . someone have to be blame -~.. $ 0 it be you . you like be a@ teacher ? floyd I do not think I like you . moisevitch cake a handkerchief from he pocket and mop he brow . moisevitch I read you final report about what happen to Discovery . you leave a good number of loose edge ... floyd end ... moisevitch loose end ... thank you ... a number of question that remain unanswer . floyd that be a classified report . ( pause ) I think it take the Russians longer to steal we secret . moisevitch how much time do it take for you people to steal cur ? floyd abour the same amounc of time ... ( continued ) 2 continued 2 cont 'd. moisevitch this be noc very good for ay asthma . do you suppose that you could meet I half way ? floyd frown for a momenc ... and then get to he foot . moisevitch smile to himself , and mop he brow . moisevitch . it do not take a very smart man to appreciate the risk I a take by be here with you ... and you be a smart man , Dr. floyd . floyd take a deliberate step back down the slope of the dish towards moisevitch . moisevitch this be a very bad business in South America ... very bad . ship and other plane fly around each other like angry hornet . very bad . floyd who start it ? moisevitch we be scientist ... you and I . we government be enemy . we be not . floyd Dr. moisevitch ... why do not you try say what 's on you mind . moisevitch I want to play a game with you . floyd I do not have time for game . moisevitch this be a good game . floyd rub he chin . he notice a large impurity in the surface near he right foot . he kneel down to remove it . moisevitch ( continue ) it 's call the truth . ( more ) ( continued ) 2 continued moisevitch ( cont would . ) ( pause ) for two minure ... I will tell only the truth ... and so will you . floyd two minute ? moisevitch two minute . floyd a minute and a half . moisevitch a minute and three quarter . floyd you go first . molsevitch cough into he handkerchief . molsevitch we know you be building the Discovery Il ...to go back up to Jupiter and find out what happen up there to you man ... and to examine the large monolith , you know that we be building the alexei leonov ... to also go up there . floyd I think you be go to call it the titov . moisevitce we change it last month . people fall we of favor . moisevitch cough again . moisevitich the leonov will reach Discovery almost a year before you people be ready . my government feel that it be very important to be the first one there . this be a distinction that will look splendid on the front page of pravda . however ... I be not sure what other value ic have . 2 cont'd. ( continued ) 2 continued 2 cont 'd. floyd one minute ten . why be you tell I this thing ? moisevitch ah ... because there be thing we need to know . otherwise the same thing chat happen co you people up there could happen to ours ... and we would have accomplish nothing . I have about one minute lefc ? floyd about . moisevitch the small monolith you people bring back from the Moon ... you country have be selfish and stupid in keep it to yourselves . you never lec we examine it . what have you find we abouc it ? floyd nothing . it be impenetrable . we have try laser , even nuclear detonator . nothing work . we just do not know whac it be . forty five second . motsevitch the monolith near Jupiter . it be the same ? floyd it 's much larger . aside from that ... we do not know . moisevitch the computer on Discovery ... the hal 9000 ... can it be reactivate ? floyd yes . moisevitch by we ? floyd possibly . it would take three to four month for someone not familiar with the system ... and even longer chan that to under - stand the data . ( continued ) 2 continued 2 cont'd . floyd moisevitch I thoughrc so . ( pause ) floyd thirty second . moisevitch here we have we quandry . we will be there firsce ... yer you have the knowledge to make the trip work . stare at moisevitch . we can hear the wind howling around che dish . the shadow be lengthen the sun be start to kiss the horizon with a Orange splash . floyd motsevitch how much more cime do I have ? floyd you just get a extension . ( pause ) how could you convince you people to allow Americans on the flight ? motsevitch it will not be very easy ... however , Tam pretty good . it be a Russian craft ... fly by Russians +.- carry a few poor Americans who need we help . that also do not look too bad on the fronc page of pravda . think about this for a moment . floyd I do not know how I could convince my people . they would not mind you guy go up there and fail . ( pause ) they wouldn'c mind at all . ( pause ) I do not ... chere 's no way they would do that unless they have to -.. and since they do not have to ... moisevitch tell I ... have you check Discovery 's orbic lately ? ( continued ) 2 continued 2 cont'd . floyd what ? moisevitch have you check che orbit ? floyd what about ic ? moisevitch it be get chilly here ... and that be very bad for my asthma . moisevitch start to make he way back down the dish . floyd I be sure they have be check ic . moisevitch continue walk away . moisevitch I have enjoy we little chat . floyd what do you know that you be not tell I ? moisevitch cough again in he handkerchief . he be a much smaller figure now ... as he near the hacchway at the bottom . molsevitch you be a smart man . you will know what to do . moisevitch disappear down the hatch . floyd remain stand half way up the rim ... stare at the open hatch . the shadow be start to reach the center of the dish . CUT to : int . data room - evening 3 floyd be sit at a console in frone of a computer screen . the console be part of a enormous complex of data bank thac collece information from the dish . a series of graph be flicker in change patterm on the green screen . they display various eclipse around a large circle . stream of number accompany each graph . ( continued ) continued 3 cont'd . floyd 's eye widen for a instance . he strain forward at che console ... study the information in fronc of he . he eries to punch a meew graph . the same informacion appear in fronc of he . he stop and rub he chin . he sit there for a moment ... he face lean close to the screen . the green light be reflecce in he eye . slowly , he sit back . his mouth begin the process of form a slow , private smile . cuT to : ext . lafayette park - day 4 floyd fs sit on a slatted bench with victor milson . behind they ... the White House gleam in the crisp sunlight of a spring morning . the flag be billow in che breeze . milson be the kind of man who look comfortable in he three piece suit and stripe tie . he wear elegant tortoise shell half glass ... that be perch on he aquiline mose . he be read a blue file of papers . his thin attache case lie open by he side on the bench . on he . other side , sit heywood floyd , who be throw some crumb from the sandwich he be eat , to a group of eager pigeon . milson oh ... Jesus . ( pause ) you have double check this ... please say you have n'rc . ( pause ) you be not say anything . floyd something 's go on out there ... something amazing . the Discovery be be pull towards io ... or push away from jupitrer ... we do not know which . sometimes it appear to be accelerate ... and other time it seem to stop . I do not know what 's cause it . I have never see anything like irc . milson how long before it impact on Jupiter ? floyd two ...two and a half year . milson how could we be so God dam wrong abour the orbit ? ( continued ) 10 . 4 continued & cont 'd. floyd we be not wrong . milson terrific ... we be not wrong . then why be it go to crash ? floyd I do not know . you do not either . it sound nut ... except maybe chat monolith up there have something to do with ic . milson put the papers hack in he attache case . - milson you see that building behind we ?. ( pause ) I be suppose to go in there and have lunch in half a hour . one good thing about a reaccionary President ... he be not in to health food . the last one ... chrisc ... we do not have lunch ... we graze . ( pause ) you wane to know what the lunch be about ?... do you ? floyd throw a bread crumb om the grass . he watch a group of large pigeon scramble for it ... push a smaller bird out of the way . floyd quickly throw another exrumb directly at the smaller bird . milson we have get two more aircraft carrier off the coast of honduras . the Russians be move some of they big stuff in . now the Joint Chiefs be scream about Russian satellite with anti-missile laser on they . we have to put we laser satellite up to counteracr theirs . so the President have come to the conclusion that the nca should be place under the jurisdiction of the Defense Department . enough with the crazy scientist spend all that money to try to talk to martian . ( pause ) so ... here we be on you actual brink ... my agency be go co become part of the military ... ( more ) ( continued ) will . 4& continued 4 cont 'd. milson ( cont 'd ) I have get a President with a eager finger poise over the button ... and you want I to walk across the park ... and tell he that we want to hitch a ride with that very same Russians . have I miss anything ? floyd that about cover it . milson I do not want you job , you know , I be not che one who force you out ..- I do not blame the whole thing on you ... so if this be you plan to try to kill I ... you have get the wrong guy . floyd Three man . I would say we need three . milson the Russians must be laugh they ass off . floyd curnow . he 's in charge of build - ing Discovery Il ... so he know more about the original than anyone else . he 's the only choice to reactive Discovery in a short time . milson I suppose you want to go . how che hell be I go to sell this ? floyd there be big answer up there . the Russians be go to board Discovery with or without we . you ask he if he want they to have the answer by themselves . milson not bad , floyd yes I want to go . good man die up there ... and I be the one who send they . they be my man . I have to go . milson look ac he . ( continued ) 12 . & continued 4 cont 'd. milson whose the third ? floyd chandra . he build hal . he 's the only one to start he up again . milson I think he be hal . floyd T know . milson can you trust he ? floyd I need he . we have to know why hal malfunction . he have to know , too . milson take he half glass off ... and put they in he jacket pocket . he shake he head . milson you tell che President ... I will go on the mission . floyd you be the Chairman of nca ... milson that 's right ... 1 a . floyd tell he we be screw if we do not go ... and we will lie and not share anything with the Russians if we do go . we will give they false information . he will like that . milson think about this for a moment . milson he might . CUT to : 5 int . university of illinois - day 5 dr . S. chandra 's voice never get too loud or too soft . he be a rather small man ... who never seem to hurry or move too slowly . what you come away with be he eye ... two soft brown almond that always hine at much more chan chey give . ( continued ) 13. '' continued 5 cont'd . everything about he ... from he slighe body , to he graceful hand ... appear to serve as the carry case for that two brown eye . dr . chandra be walk down a corridor of the Computer Science Department . he stop in front of a door mark : Security Area clearance required chandra place he hand over a red translucent square on the white door . he pause a second . the red square change to green ... accompany by a heavy metallic series of click ... as the door unlock . CUT to : 6 int . lab - day 6 dr . chandra walk through a maze of digital recording machine and computer hardware . he come to a large console in the middle of the room . outside ... a Illinois day be try to make up its mind between winter and spring ... send bright gray light through the slat of the venetian blind of the computer lab . the console be mark by a wide angle lense that look like a large cyclopian eye starying blankly out at everything . the console also have a chrome plate with the mark : sal - 9000 chandra sit down at the console and punch in the entry code to activate the memory bank . chandra good afternoon , sal ... do you have anything for I ? sal no , Dr. chandra . do you have anything for I ? sal 's voice be the soft , even voice of a woman . chandra take out a small , thin , tip cigar ... and light it . chandra we have often speak of hal . sal yes we have . ( continued ) 14 , 6 continued 6 cont 'd. chandra we have speak about hal 's anomalous behavior . you have tell I that we cannot solve the problem of hal 's behavior without more information . sal that be correct . I enjoy calk abouc hal . I agree that we need more information , so that we may solve the anomaly . chandra how do we get more informacion ? sal that be obvious . someone must return to Discovery . that person should be you . chandra I agree . now it look as if that be go to happen ... much sooner than we ever expect . sal I be pleased to hear that . chandra I know you would be . chandra take a puff of the cigar . chandra I would like co explore another possibility . diagnosis be only the first step . the process be incomplete unless it lead to a cure . do you agree ? sal yes ... I agree . do that mean you believe hal can be restore to normal function ? chandra I hope . I do not know . there may have be irreversible damage ... and certainly major loss of memory . chandra take another puff of the thin cigar . he blow a smoke ring on sal 's wide angle lense . ( continued ) 1s . 6 continued 6 cont'd . chandra I need you ccoperation , sal . sal of course , Dr. chandra . chandra there may be certain risk . sal what do you mean ? chandra I want to disconnece some of you circuit ... particularly choose in - volving you higher function ... just like hal be disconnect . : I want to see the effect on you , when I reconnect you system ... just the way I will wich hal . ( pause ) do this disturb you ? I be wnable to answer that wichout more specific information . chandra let I put it this way . you have operate continuously since you be firse switch on . be that correct ? sal that be correct . chandra however ... you be aware thac we human being cannot do so . we require sleep ... a almost complete break in we mental function ... at least on @ conscious level . sal I know this ... however , I do not understand the process . chandra you may be about to experience some - thing like sleep . probably all thac will happen be that time will pass -.-. yet you will be unaware of ir . when you check you internal clock ... you will discover that there be gap in you monitor record . that be all thac will happen . ( continued ) 16 . 6 continued 6 cont 'd. sal you say there might be risk . what be they ? chandra there be a very slight chance ... 1 stress very slight ... that when I reconnect you circuic ... there may be some change in you person ~ ality ... you furure behavior pattern . ( pause ) you may feel different . not necessarily better or worse . sal I do not know what this mean . chandra I be sorry ... it probably mean nothing . so do n’rc worry abouc it . now please open a new file . here be the name for it . chandra type the word phoenix ... which appear on che screen . chandra De you know what that be ? sal there be twenty - five reference in the current encyclopedia . chandra which one do you think be relevant ? sal the tutor of Achilles ? chandra interesting . I do not know that one . try again . sal a fabulous bird ... reborn from the ash of its earlier life . chandra very good . ( pause ) do you know why I choose it ? sal yes . because you have hope thac hal can be reactivate . ( continued ) 17. 6 continued 6 cont 'd. chandra yes . wich you assistance . ( pause ) be you ready ? sal I would like the ask a question . chandra what be it ? sal will I dream ? chandra of course you will . all intelli - go creature dream . no one know why ... however they all do . ( pause ) perhaps you will dream of hal «+ sjust as I often do . CUT to : 7 ? dolphin - day 7 the dolphin rush coward we . at the last second ... he apply he unseen brake ... life he head out of the water ... and send a turquoise wave into the live room floor . he rest he head on the side of the pool ... open he smile mouth ... and squeak with satisfaction at the damage he have cause . he look around for a compliment ... with he mouth still open ... and emit a series of click . a five - year old boy lean over the edge of the pool ... and stroke the top of che dolphin 's head . the dolphin keep on click . the boy reach in a pail ... and drop a small fish in the dolphin 's open mouth . the pool flow under the glass wall of the live room ... and empty into the Pacific Ocean outside the house . the live room be sparsely furnish with large slab of furniture . at the far end be the dining area . floyd and he wife , caroline , be seat at the table . caroline floyd be about fifreen year young than she husband . she look like she 's always drying off . her hair be streak from the sun . her face be deeply can . she be the kind of woman who look much more Natural when she be barefoot . she be wear a pair of very short cuc - off , and a fade yellow T-shirt . caroline he 's already eat dinner . you have not . come to che table . continued 7 18 . continued 7 cont'd. christopher floyd look adoringly act the dolphin . christopher he 's hungry . caroline then you go in the pool ... and tell he co come to the table . I make spaghetti... and I do not want it to go to waste . christopher reluctantly get up and start towards the table . he stop ... get another fish out of che pail ... throw it to the dolphin ... and then join he parent . caroline you will like it . ie 's get lot of stuff in it that 's bad for you . ( to floyd ) listen ... I have be think about it . I do not want you to come to ny lecture . it will make I nervous . floyd do not answer . he be twirling he fork in the spaghetti absent-mindedly . he be not listen . caroline do not be insulted . I be just scared enough as it be . besides ... you will not be miss much . it 's only a room full of marine biologist argue over plankton . ( pause ) she see that floyd have not hear one word . caroline hello ? floyd look at she . caroline you pants be on fire . floyd what ? oh ... I be sorry . christopher try to suppress a laugh . caroline I say I do not want you to come to the lecture . I would be nervous . floyd o.k. ( continued ) 7 continued caroline contain you disappointmenc . christopher what be you go to talk about ? caroline dolphin . christopher Fish again ? caroline they be not fish ... and yes ... that 's what we study . christopher oh. ( pause ) why ? caroline you want to live to be six ? eac. christopher go back to he spaghetti . smear with red sauce . caroline how be Washington ? floyd Fine . he stare at he fork . shrug and resume eat . caroline you tired ? floyd it guess so . caroline you want I to shut up ? he do not answer . caroline ( to Christopher ) you wane I to shut up ? christopher no . caroline study hin . 19 . 7 ? cont 'd . his face be she ( continued ) 20 . 7 continued 7 cont 's . caroline you be lucky . floyd I be go on the flight . caroline freeze . her face grow pale . caroline when ? floyd four month . christopher where be you go , daddy ? floyd ( look at caroline ) on a long trip . caroline get up from the table ... and walk to the kitchen . floyd watch she go . christopher be not mommy hungry ? floyd I do n'c think so . we hear the crash of a glass that caroline have drop on the kitchen floor . CUT to : 8 beach - day 8 floyd be sit on the sand ... study a sheaf of papers . CUT to : 9 int . kouse - night 9 floyd be study . caroline be seat across from hin on the couch . she be also do homework . she look up from she read co look at hin . CUT to : 10 int . house - day 10 floyd be do sit-up . christopher be count . CUT to : will 12 21. int . house - night will floyd be study . cut to : ext . road - day 12 floyd be jogging . he be soak with prespiration . christopher be riding he bicycle alongside hin . christopher how far away be Jupiter ? floyd really far . christopher why do ittake two and a half year to go and come back ? floyd because it 's so far away . christopher why do not you go faster ? floyd we can not . christopher oh . they continue on for a while . christopher be you go to forger about I ? floyd of course not . I love you . christopher T will not forget about you . floyd wince . floyd we will be able to see each other on television ... and talk to each other . christopher oh . they continue on . christopher daddy ? ( continued ) 12 13 14 continued floyd what ? christopher mommy say you be go to be asleep for a long cime . floyd yes . christopher be you go to die ? floyd what ? christopher be you go to die ? floyd why would you ask thac ? christopher when Jamie 's grandfather die ... he mommy tell he thac he be go to sleep for a long time . floyd no ... this be different . the plan be I be suppose to wake up . you have to sleep on the trip chere and the trip back . otherwise you would bo nut ... and there would nor be enough room for all the food on board . christopher oh. ( pause ) I do not understand . int . house - night floyd be study . ext . beach - day 22. 12 cont'd. CUT to : 13 cut to : 14 floyd be jogging on the beach . christopher be tagging along behind . without miss a step ... floyd spin around and start to chase christopher . he scoops he up ... and race to the water . he dump christopher in the ocean . the two of they hug each other . CUT to : 15 16 17 int . bedroom - night 23. 15 floyd and caroline be lie in bed cogether ... afrer have make love . there be a long silence . floyd caroline I want to be grow up ... and understanding about all this . I really do . ( pause ) I be try so hard . ( pause ) T can n'c . try to say something . he can not . caroline you know ... you could get yourself kill . floyd I will be scared enough for both of we . they lie there in silence . floyd promise I something . ( pause , two and a half year ... it 's a long time . you be a beauriful woman . ( pause ) promise I ... that if you sleep with someone ... you will lie and tell I you have n'c . ( pause ) I probably will not believe you . except if you lie enough ... T might ... because I want to . caroline I promise . ext . ocean the sun be rise ... painting the ocean pink . int . house - dawn CUT to : 16 CUT to : 17 floyd be pack a mylar tote bag with some clothing and the last of the paperwork . on the edge of the bed drink coffee . caroline be sit ( continued ) 24 , 17 . continued 17 floyd I have leave sixty message for Chris . play a tape every week for hin . I will transmit the first day I be awaken . please ... do not forgec . caroline I couldn 's forgec . the two of they do not know what to say . caroline be ie worth it ? floyd ll hope so . there be a soft buzz . floyd go over to a wall intercom , and press a button . floyd yes ? voice Dr. floyd ? this i£s Major hyate . you transportation be ready . floyd I will be right out . he switch off the intercom . he look at caroline . floyd you know ... I be only go to be awake for fifty day . ( pause ) this deep sleep business be not so bad . you metabolism stop . ( pause ) you do not age . ( pause ) so ...when IL get back ... I will not be so much older chan you . caroline try to smile . she can not . he go to kiss she . she cling to hin wich a fury . the intercom buzze again . floyd slowly let go . floyd remember we promise ? caroline I promise ( continued ) 7 18 19 25 . continued 17 cont 'd , floyd . do not promise . stare lie now ... and say thac there 's nothing to promise . caroline there 's nothing to promise about . floyd see ... I be easy . caroline I love you . floyd stand up . floyd I love you . he cry to say something else and stop . he walk out the door without turn back . CUT to : int . christopher' room - dawn 18 floyd open the door . the deep pink light of the sunrise be caress christopher 's hair . floyd stare at he litcle son . he quietly close the door . CUT to : outer space 19 the SUN be a small brilliant star in the black sky . itc give off a cold blue- white glare that be surprising in strength , for a object so small and far away . jupiter have dominance over the sky . it be a huge half crescent of boil orange and yellow . the titanic red spot be start to disappear in the shadow . at this distance jupiter appear to be about ten time the size of we moon . to float off to che right . ic appear as large as we moon ... and we can see the various shade of orange and burnt sienna of its lake of molton sulphur . the foreground sky be block out by the dark side of europa ... the close moon to we . we can see its ice surface shimmer along its rim . the leonov look like it push its way through space by brute force . it be the length of a foocball field . there ( continued ) 19 20 26 . continued 19 cont'd. be no attempc at shape or aerodynamics . it be simply a row of structural shape , chat be strung together ... connect by a long , thin access way . the most strike feature be a fat , uneven , octagonal construction ... which be the third section back . ic spin slowly around ... like a entire side ofmetallic beef on a rotisserie . CUT to : floyd . 20 floyd 's profile fill the screen horizontally . ic be cover with a growth of salt and pepper beard . he look more than peaceful . there be something about the total lack of movement and expression , that make he look dead . we be see he through glass ... make he image appear to be milky . we hear voice ... however , ic be impossible to understand what the people be say . they be speak a foreign language . the language be Russian . the glass between we and floyd be lift ... and he image become clearer . the talk continue . there be three voice . two of they be female . kirbuk Dr. floyd ? floyd 's eyelid begin to fluccer . there be some more talk . we hear the click of some mechanical activity . rbuk Dr. floyd ? we see now that we be in the cryogenics Ward of the Medical Bay . there be seven coffin-like container ... make of lucite . four of they be empty . floyd be in one . he have a number of small sensorsthac be actach to he forehead , chest , leave index finger and leave toe . there be row of monitoring device on a panel over the container . floyd be wear a pair of synthetic Long johns . he open he eye . he be disorient . he look around . there be three people in the room . one be a middle - age woman , with thick Russian feature . she be attend to the various instrument that be measure the data from the various sensor . she be dr . katrina rudenko . the second person be vasili orlov ... the Chief Science Officer . the third , be captain tanya kirbuk . kirbuk be a woman in she late thirty , or early forty . she be small ... with a non-descripe figure ++- and two blue eye that should n'c be trifle with . ( continued ) 20 27 . continued 20 cont'd. floyd close he eye cightly ... as if to protect himself from the sudden glare . rudenko keep you eye close . rudenko place a oxygen mask over floyd 's mouth . rudenko breath deeply . ( pause ) again ... ( pause ) that 's good . ( pause ) how do you feel ? floyd shakey ...hungry ... I think . ( pause ) can I open my eye ? rudenko yes . floyd open he eye again . he see rudenko 's face stare down at he . he try to get up , and fail . rudenko put she arm behind he back ... and help hin sit . floyd put he hand to he face . he feel the growth of beard . it startles he . we can see hin try to orient himself . we can see that curnow and chandra be occype the two other container . they be also bearded . rudenko check the data on the panel above . she remove the sensor from he head and chest . floyd be we there ? kirbuk no ... noct yet . floyd look at kirbuk ... then ac orlov . kirbuk we be about two day away . do not worry ... chere be nothing wrong . ( pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) 28. 20 continued 20 cont 'd. kirbuk ( cont 'd . ) you government want we to awaken you . Dr. orlov have encounter some strange data come from europa . ir may be nothing . he will explain it all co you . there be no need to awaken the other . CUT to : 21 ward room . 221 floyd be seat at the Ward room table . he be sip a white milkshake - like substance through a straw . kirblk , orlov and rudenko be with he at the table . floyd be study a pile of computer read-out , that be on the table . floyd have you do a spectral analysis ? orlov of course I have . ( pause ) floyd and ? orlov and what ? floyd look around the room . strip of light from the extremely low ceiling bounce along the shiny table . floyd Dr. orlov , I be not take a survey . if you do the analysis ..- what be the resulcs ? orlov nothing conclusive . floyd what about a molecular breakdown ? orlov if you would look carefully ac the last page of the data ... you will find the answer . floyd study the stack of papers . he pause at the last sheet for a moment . orlov look at he impatiently . ( continued ) 29 . 21 continued 21 cont 'd. floyd I don'c understand ic . ( pause ) if this data be correct ... ( pause ) then something be down there . ( pause ) this can ‘c be correct . orlov it fis correct . floyd take another sip of he first meal . floyd be it move ? orlov yes . floyd look at orlov and the other for the next sentence . it never come . floyd what 's go on here ? kirbuk what do you mean ? floyd look ... I be not the swiftest person even when I be not hang over ... so you have to forgive I . i...uh ... I seem to remember a process ... where I ask you guy question ... and you give answer ... and you ask question and I give answer . that 's how we find out about thing . I think I vead ic in a manual somewhere . kirbuk you government want we co awaken you , when we report we finding . we do char . you be here to help we reactivate the Discovery , and its computer system ... because thar be United States territory . you be authorize to observe other aspect of we mission . other than chat ... we have no other obligation , floyd look at each of the three people sit at the table , he rub he chin . ( continued ) 30 . 21 continued 21 cont 'd. rudenko a lot have , happen while you have be asleep . orlov ic be not we choice . kirbuk the problem in South America . Te be grow worse . floyd ( to orlov ) this look like you have detect the presence of chlorophylll . " kirbuk the United States be threat - ening a naval blockade . floyd ( to orlov ) there 's nothing except ice down there . how the hell can there be any chlorophyll ? kirbuk you know ... and I know ... chat my country cannot allow a blockade . floyd ( to orlev ) how fast be it move ? ( pause ) chlorophyll , for Christ sake . rirbuk we be under instruction . floyd ( to orlov ) how fast ? kirbuk I be serious . floyd listen ... just because we govern - ment be act like moron ... chat do not mean that we have to . we be scientist ... not politican . ( pause to orlov ) how fast ? ( continued ) 31 . 21 continued 21 cont'd. 22 23 kirbuk Dr. floyd ... I be also a Officer of the Soviet Air Force . floyd ( to orlov ) how fast ? orlov one meter per minute . floyd ( to kirbuk ) do not worry ... I be just observe . ( to orlov ) towards the Sun ? orlov yes . floyd study the data sheet again . floyd ( to himsel£ ) ..incredible ... kirbuk we be go to send a probe down . ext . leonov 22 the upright dock Bay protrude from the leonov 's spine . the red star glisten in the cold light of the distance sun . the glare of the bare metal obscure the L and e...so the crafe 's name appear to be " onov " . the outer hatch hiss open ... just above the docking ring . the small probe float timidly out into the black vacuum of space ... like a new-born guppy be expell by ics mother . the probe be a jumble of mylar for a body ... a high -resolution camera for a eye ... a radio dish for a scalp ... two flat solar panel splay outward for arm ... and a pair of impressive leg chat be neatly tuck inward . CUT to : int . data BAY 23 orlov and two other science officer ... be hunch over the telemetry console . a series of monitor and graphic display screen provide the only illuminarion in che area «.. saste a flicker glow on the three man . ( continued ) 32 . continued 23 cont'd. floyd be stand behind they ... he head almost touch some of the l.e.d. panel on the ceiling . as a result he be rim lic ... in flash red . the figure on some of the display screen be constantly change . one of the graphic display be a three - dimensional graph of europa . another be a position display of the probe . the television monitor flicker to life . we see nothing except the black of space in one ... and a terrible flare from the Sun in the other . orlov begin to work at the keyboard . the two other men be work act different control panel . we see the television image begin to move ... as the camera start to pan . on one ... we see the dock Bay of leonov ... too close to get a clear picture . on the other screen ... the quarter crescent of europa pan into view . orlov push some more of the control key . CUT to : ext . leonov 246 the small cluster of maneuver engine spit out a short burst of blue-white . the short burn be no more than two second . the probe dart away from leonov ... and head towards the horizon of europa . cut to : int . data BAY 25 leonov shrink in one of the television screen ... until it be not more than a dot . europa be grow in the other . a steady stream of Russian be speak by the three men +.- all in a metronomically soft tone . they sound like Air traffic controller at Moscow Airport . floyd 's eye dare from one screen to the other . CUT to : probe 26 the grey - white ice surface of europa be punctuate by a maze of brownish fracture line ... some of they sur - prisingly straight . as the probe race nearer to europa +.- the size and depth of the fracture become more apparent . CUT to : 27 28 29 30 31 32 33. int . data BAY 27 floyd start to strain forward ... study che display screen , anc the television image of the approach surface . CUT to : europa 28 the dark side almost totally fill the screen . the abrupt change to sunlight be start to appear at the top . the little probe be streaking towards the dawn . CUT to : int . data BAY 29 orlov scan the various screen with more intensity . the two other science officer be call out a steady stream of data come from the probe , the image of the europan surface be now a very close angle . orlov make he calculation ... and push a series of key . CUT to : probe 30 the brake rocket fire for a moment ... and the probe start to slow down . there be another split second burn ... and the probe decelerate to a hover . it be mo more than a kilometer from the ice . CuT to : int . data BAY 31 orlov begin to confer more animatedly with the two other officer . floyd slowly move forward ... until he be stand directly behind orlov . orlov operate another set of control . CUT to : probe 32 the skeletal arm unfold . the two oversize pad point outward ... make the probe look slightly duck -like . ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 34 , continued 32 cont 'd , two of the maneuver rocker flash for a instanc .. , and the satellite begin a slow descent . two outer engine spark to life ... and che probe begin to glide forward ... as well as slowly down . it be now tracking across the ice . CUT to : int . data BAY 33 floyd unconsciously lean against orlov ... he be con - centrate so intencly on the television image . there be a look of wonder on he face . orlov feel che pressure on he shoulder . he understand . orlov Three hundred meter . CUT to : europa - 34 the brilliant pin spot of the Sun be almost touch the horizon . the shadow of the ridge in the ice be elongate . the probe be pass over then ... search for something chat should not be there , the size of the probe + ; against the vastness of the area to be cover ... . make the task appear to be impossible . however , there be a patient quality about the steadiness of the glide ... a almost relentless quality ... that lead one to believe that somehow or other ... give enough cime ... whatever be there will be find . int . data BAY 35 orlov have one camera in a steady leave - to-right pan . the other moniror display a straight forward angle . the number on some of the display screen be start to change more rapidly . floyd hydrogen...carbon ... orlov be study the screen . he stare at the lefe one for a instante . floyd notice the same number . they both start to react in amazemenc . orlov chlorophyll . ( continued 35 36 35 . continued 35 cont 'd. floyd Jesus ... one of the science officer say something in rapid fire Russian . his voice be grow tighc . floyd and orlov gape at che television monitor on the leave . it be pan to the right . for a flickerof a inscant ... a dark shape go by the bottom of the screen . orlov instantly push the key that control che pan motion of the camera . he reverse the pan . the dark shape reappear on the bottom of the screen . orlov 's eye widen . he quickly push the tilt key ... and the shape rise in the screen . floyd 's head be almost by orlov 's ear ... as both of they be transfix by what they see . everyone be speechless . it be a shape . there be not much more you can tell . ir be obviously large . it juse do not look like the rest of the terrain feature . ic be still a bie too far away +..to get any clear detail . it could be vegetation of some kind . it could be anything . however , ... ic clearly do not belong onthe freeze surface of europa . floyd be it organic ? orlov speak in Russian to he men . he watch the calculation appear in rapid sequence on the screen . orlov I ...1 think so . ( pause ) iwill bring the probe lower . orlov punch in the coumand on the keyboard . the television image shake for a moment ... then we can see that the probe be descend . the dark shape be grow larger . it be blurry . the blind flash catch everyone by surprise . CUT to : ext . leonov 36 a finger of what look like lightn ... streak outward from europa . it crackle past the leonov ... and head towards jupiter . it be over in a instance . CUT to : 37 38 36 . int . data BAY 37 the television monitor have go milk white ... with a dark burn in the center . then they be black . the screen flash white for a fraction of a second ... and then be black . orlov be freeze in place . floyd rub he chin ... stare at the dead monitor . everyone have see something ... yet no one know what ic be ... and perhaps they should not have see it , cur to : common room 38 floyd be seat with orlov and kirbuk in the common room ... which be a alcove off the Ward room . dr . maxim brailovsky ... the Chief Engineering Officer be with then -..48 be mikolai ternovsky ... che Control and guidance Officer ... alexander kovalev ... che Communications Officer .. URI svetlanov ... che co-pilot ... irina yakunina ... che nutrition Officer ... and dr . rudenko . brailovsky and ternovsky be the two man who be in the data Bay ... along with orlov . various pile of strewn paper ... and container of tea and coffee ... illustrate the fact chat the group have be there for quire some time . floyd be still position more in the background ... watch the proceedings . kovalev it 's all go . orlov whet about the back - up recorder ? kovalev nothing . everything be erase . floyd rest he mouth against he fold hand ... cause he face to slightly pucker . brallovsky it be a electro-static build - up of some kind . we will probably find more of that when we get close to io . it happen frequently . orlov there be something down there . it be organic . ( pause ) there be life . ( continued ) 37 . 38 continued 38 cont 'd. brailovsky you do n‘*t know chat . orlov I believe char . kirbuk what be you suggest we do ? orlov we should send another probe . kirbuk we be get farther away from europa . it would be difficult . orlov can we slow down ? kirbuk no . we do not have the fuel . kovalev how . do we know that the sane thing wouldn ‘c happen again ? brailovsky electro-static build - up do not oceur that often . floyd tt be not a build - up . everyone would like to ignore floyd ... however the line be deliver so calmly ... it succeed in stop the talk . orlov really ... Dr. floyd . and just what do you think it be ? floyd a warning . we can hear the ventilation flow through the duct . floyd there be something down there . the four of we see it . we all read the preliminary data . ic 's there . ( pause ) maybe ... maybe it have something to do with the monolith . ( continued ) 38 39 38 . continued 38 cont'd. kirbuk take a sip of tea . floyd before you get cthac look on you face ... just liscen for a momenc . ( pause ) we have be send probe out here since the seventies . none of they ever encouncer even remote sign of chlorophyll , on any of jupicer 's moon . never . and two of yours ... in eighty - nine and ninety - three ... be certainly close enough . so be ours . orlov watch he intently . floyd nine year ago ... the monolich be detect here . Discovery be send up ... and then everything go wacko . ( pause ) be you catch my drifc ? ( pause ) so here we be ... nine year later ... try to find out what the hell happen ... and what che monolith be all about ... and guess what we find on we way . suddenly there be the possibility of life of some kind ... where it never be before . ( pause ) I chink ... I think chat somech want we to stay away from europa . brailovsky make little tapping noise with he fingernails on the side of he chair . kirbuk stare at the brown liquid in she tea container . CUT to : ext . leonov 39 jupiter be almost che entire sky now . it be a sight of such extreme violence ... chat it can not be call beautiful . furious swirl of methane , ammonia , hydrogen and helium ... form ject scream of tan and yellow . they slalom through white tornado or enormous alcitude ... that jut outward like furious pillar . they flow over titanic crimson seas -+ : which be like open wound ... give glimpsis into the awesome depth of the jovian atmosphere . all of this fury be silent ... as view from space . ( continued ) 39 39 . continued : 39 cont'd. when the first group of sciencisc huddle together in the New Mexico dawn , and wacch che first nuclear explosion ... chey become speechless . they all know they have see something , that perhaps human being weren 'c suppose co see . some of they cry . that be what jupiter look like from this proximicy . it be simply too vast ... and be compose of too much force , for we to comprehend . ic be on another scale . floyd ( v.0 . ) dear caroline . by the cime you et this message ... I will either fe a headline on the evening news tight after the Central american erisis ... or I will be fine . either way ... what I have to say to you . -- be not moot . the leonov be head towards this inferno . it be silhouett against the yellow and orange swirl . ic look like a fragile fishy skeleton . floyd ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) we be about co start the aero - brake maneuver . I tell you about it once . the theory be ... we will encer the outer layer of Jupiter 's atmosphere act just the proper angle . the atmosphere will slow we down ... and Jupiter 's gravity will grab hold of we ... and sling shot we around ... behind the dark side ... and back towards where we be now . this will slow we down ... and put we in a gentle orbit near io . it 's kind of like run down the street and grab hold of a pole ... and swinging back up the street again . it 's all suppose to work . it 's dynamite on paper . of course the people who come up wich the number on the paper be not here ... chey be back home hope they be right . the problem be that if we hit the atmosphere at the wrong angle ... we will either disintegrate . be go bounce off into space ... with - out enough fuel to ever get back . ( pause ) so if the number be right ... and the contract have not cheat on the structure of the leonov ... we will be fine . if not ... please do not let they say too much slop about I on the news . ( continued ) 40 40./41 . 40 a long , thin corridor curve around a corner . on one side ... in a series of cubicle ... behind slide tinted glass . each cubicle have a bed ... sctorage space ... data and telementry monitor ... and read light . on the other side of the corridor ... be che washroom . floyd ( v.0 . ) they love to eulogize people . ac least they will show photograph of I when I be thin . ( pause ) if the heat shield can not take ic ... or if we enter too acutely ... I be tell the end will be quick and pain - less . that 's whac they tell I . the camera move down the narrow corridor . all of the cubicle be empty ... except for one at the far end . floyd ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) I do wane you to know ... chac if ic turn we that somebody 's calculator get stick ... and the number turn out to be wrong ... and I wind up as part of some meteor shower ... I want you to know chat it be all worth ic . as the camera get nearer to the far cubicle ... we see that the figure behind the tinted gless be floyd . he be lie on he back ... scare up at the data monitor . floyd ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) I know how hard this whole business be for you and Christopher . there 's a constant dull ache in my heart from miss you boch . I be scared right now ... however I be a lucky man . in this brief time up here ... I have be give a glimpse of thing I will never understand , and I will always be affect by . I can sense the whole process up here . itc be so vast , and so limitless ... and we as a species be so interesting . presi - dent and premier should see Jupiter from this proximity . then they would realize how petty and furile it be for we not co live together in peace . it be hard to be a atheist in space . ( pause ) I love you both . ( pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) 42 , 40 continued : 60 conc’ : floyd ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) end transmission sixty -two ... eleven slash six slash two thousand cen . floyd 's face be motionless . his eye be fix on monitor . we hear a steady stream of Russian come over che intercom speaker . ic sound like air-craffic-control dialogue ... in that matter - of - facc inaudibilicy . ccut to : 41 bridge 41 kirbuk and svetlanov be at the nose of the spacecraft . there be three more officer azt of they at diferent island . the entire bridge be a cramped mazeof monitor and control . the two triangular window be in front of che pilot and co- pilot . rirbuk calmly speak a steady stream of Russian command . svetlanov respond . it be almost as if the two of they be carry om independent conversation . the three other officer on che bridge be all work and respond at they various station . CUT to : 42ext . leonov 42 a long metallic jumble begin to protrude from the nose . there be joint and gear ac both end . when it be fully excend ..- it begin to hinge over the nose ... and fan out ... form 2 perfect cone . huge metal clamp secure it to the side of the fuselage . ic be the heat shield . CUT to : 43 bridge 43 the two cockpit window be now completely cover by the heat shield . kirbuk and she CO - pilot be as blind as the rest of the crew . the instrument panel be a glow Christmas tree of light . there be eight different monitor . one of they be a television image of the view forward ... from over and behind the bridge . the rest be computer simulacion and data . CUT to : 44 live quarter floyd buckle he restrain belt tightly . ( continved ) 43. 4lcontinued : : Le cone the slide glass partition to the corridor open . irina yakunina ... che young Medical Officer encer the cubicle . her face be tight with fear . floyd look at she . he see she expression . he push the release for he restrain belt ... and sit up . floyd be you all right ? her breach be heavy . she do not answer . floyd do you speak English ? she shake she head . yakunina no English . she come over and lie down beside he . she hold on to hin in terror . floyd attaches the restrain belt around the both of they . he hold on to she . they lie there ... in total silence . from far away ... we hear the first fainc whisper of sound . i¢ start ouc like a distance wind . CUT to : 45 ext . leonov 45 the rugge look nose cone begin to pierce the outer reach of the atmosphere . CUT to : 46 bridge 6g the crew see the data begin to change on the monitor : the distance wind be become a howl . CUT to : 47 live quarter 47 the howl become a roar ... that vibrate through all of the metal of the leonov . the magnitude of the sound ... and the almost forlorn tone of ic ... make floyd realize how fragile the spacecraft be , in comparison to the force outside . ( continued ) gu , 47continued : the weight of additional gravity begin to spread over floyd 's lip ... draw they a bit tighter across he mouth . his head be scarce to throb . the roar be get louder . there be a imperceptible shudder . the leonov begin to | buffet ... as it encounter turbulence . smail item ... like the stand picture of caroline and christopher begin to move . cuT to : 48ext . leonov a perceptible halo be form around the heat shield ... as it begin to tear through incandescent hydrogen . this be no longer fly . this be brute force ... a test of which be s$tronger ... the increase atmosphere ... or the seruccural steel and titanium of the leonov . cuT to : 49 bridge the buffece be become more violent . the crew be too busy to show they fear . the roar be so loud ... that we can no longer hear kirbuk 's steady flow of dry dialogue ... which by its constane and calm drine ... have a almost detach effect . it 1s almost like a doctor calmly take he pulse ... while he be in the middle of a heart attack . CUT to : 50 live quarter the photograph of caroline and christopher fall over violently . floyd hold on to yaxunina for he own comfort now . the buffete and che overpower roar make hin question whether this machine be strong enough . CUT to : sl ext . leonov the heat shield be glow red ... and then whice from the heat . the leonov be pass behind the dark side of jupiter . for a moment ... when the sun be at the right angle ... the chin ring around the planet begin to flare . then it disappear . the leonov begin to head back towards the light ... towards the rise distant sun . CUT to : 47 con 's 49 50 $ 1 45 . 52 bridge kirsuk be watch the monitor . CUT to : s3living quarter floyd 's eye be cightly close . yakunina 's head be bury in he shoulder . a whisp of she hair be near he cheek . suddenly ... he open he eye . he look up . the buffer and che roar be scill there . however ... they be no longer increase ... they be beginning to decrease . CUT to : 54 bridge kirbuk notice the change . so do the rest of the flight crew . we can see the change on they face . CUT to : 55 ext . leonov the leonov be bath in the new sunlight . the heat shield be beginning to cool from white ... back to red . we can see the deep scorch mazk all around ics edge . CUT to : 56 live quarter the buffete be back to a vibration . the deep roar ... have recede to the almost woli-like howl . floyd begin co read the data monitor above hin . CUT to : 57 bridge kirbuk 's voice be audible again . the vibrace have stop . the howl have ebb to a soft moan ... and then ... silence . CUT to : 58 live quarter floyd shut he eye with relief . he hear the firse thud of a explosive bole . then another . CUT to : 52 53 55 37 58 g6 . 59ext . leonov 58 the huge metal claw ... connect the heat shield to the nose ... be blow away . then the main gear be blow off . the bacter and sear heat shield begin to tumble away from che leonov ... and float away . cut to : 60 bridge 60 the view of jupiter 's moon be visible again through the cockpic window ... and che shield be remove . in frone of kirbuk be the sight of i0 ... and off inthe distance , europa . kirbuk stop she talk . she look ahead . for the first time ... we can see the bead of perspiration over she lip and she forehead . she slump back in she seat for a moment . she catch herself ... and straighcen up . she shoot a quick glance at svetlanvo ... who be not lock ac she . he do not see . she be relieved . svetlanov be wiping he sweaty face with the back of he hand . CUT to : 31 live quarter 61 floyd take a deep breath . he smile . he look down at yakunina . he release the restrain belt . yakunina stir . she look up at he . they stare at each other for a long moment . he nod to she . she avert she eve . she be embarrassed . yakunina get up from the bunk . she do not know what to do or say . floyd look at she . 0.k.? floyd yakunina Da ...0.K.... she retreat to the slide glass partition . she stop , , , and turn around co floyd . she walk to he ... and kiss he lightly on the cheek ... and then she leave . ( continued ) 47 , 61 continued : 6l floyd turm around with the sound of the slide of the glass . he nocice the photograph ef caroline and christopher ... lie face down . he prop ic back up . cuT to : 62 ext . leonov 62 the leonov be fly towards we ... away from jupiter . the red spot be come into the light . it be a storm ... three tine the size of Earth . ic fill almost half the scveen . ic be too late . the red spot have lose ics hold on the leonov . CUT to : 63 monitor 63 a still photograph of dave bowman 's face fill the monitor on the leave . the monitor below it be a voice princ analysis of he tape voice . the monitor on the right display a photo - graph of the monolith . the monicor underneath be run various graphic display of the shape and surface of the monolich . it 's image be constantly change . bowman ( v.0 . ) my God ... ic 's full of scar ! the voice analysis monitor be a kaleidoscope of change shape and color . bowman ( v.0 . ) my God ... it 's full of star ! the tone of bowman 's voice be distort . more data be change on the screen . _ floyd be sit at a console . he be in another area of the Communications Bay . floyd rub he chin with the back of he hand . he push the key at the console . bowman ( ¥v.0 . ) my God ... it 's full of scar ! floyd look at the monitor . he cause the graphic display co rocate the monolith . voice Dr. floyd to the Medical Bay . Dr. floyd to the Medical Bay . 48 , 64 medical BAY 64 chandra and curnow be sit on a examine table . they be still in they Long johns ... however the sensor have be remove . they be both sip some liquid from container . they both look groggy . dr . rudenko be take a sheaf of computer pzint-out from the console next to they life - support monitor . she also remove the disc from the drive . she see floyd at the entrance . as she walk out ... she nod a polite hello to he ... and nothing more . she leave . floyd stand at the entrance ... watch the two man . '' floyd how do you feel ? curnow like shit . floyd thac 's about right . floyd start to walk towards they . chandra I have this awful taste in my mouth . floyd it take about twelve hour ... then it go away . chandra be everything all right ? be we there yet ? floyd everything 's fine . we reach the Discovery tomorrow morning . chandra how be the airbrake ? floyd we be here ... so it work . chandra I wish I could have see ir . ( continued ) 49 . continued : floyd I wish I could have sleep through it . by the way ... you message be all in the Communications Bay . I be sure they have all be decode and copy by now ... so I hope you do not have anything you want keep private . ( pause ) there 's certain paranoia here . curnow what the hell be go on ? Dr. what she name ... floyd rudenko . curnow .. vight ... rudenko ... she act like she jusc find we under a rock . floyd the honduras thing . it 's get a loc worse . curnow still ? floyd there 's a blockade . nobody know if the Russians be go to try to break ic . if they do ... I do not kmow ... it 's not good . crandra do we have all the telemetry on Discovery and the monolith ? floyd it 's in you cassettes . I would not expect a whole lot of cooperation from the erew here . chandra what 's the matter with everybody ? floyd it 's not they fault . ( pause ) maybe ic be . ( continued ) 50 . 64 continued : 64 curnow take another sip of the liquid . curnow if this be whac ic have to taste like ... I do not care if ay eleccrolyce be balanced or not . floyd there 's more . something happen on europa . something extraordinary . ( pause ) we should not talk here . CUT to : 65 ext . leonov 65 jupiter be a quarter of a million mile away . it be still too large for all of it to fic in the black sky ... however we can see that the leonov have travel a great distance . europa be a cold crescenc behind jupiter . the brownish fissure line be still visible , except hard to distinguish . it be io boil in the foreground . the leonov be only a few thousand kilometer from the surface ... and the sight be truly terrifying . 10 be a caludron of volcanic sulphur . the surface expose to the sunlight be a brilliance rust color ... with dazk brown fingersof molcen sulfur drip from the volcanic peak . the dark side periodically explode in a yellow flash ... as the flux cube link i0 to jupiter overload with electrical energy ... and discharge in protest . a volcano have erupt on the terminator . a huge , dirty cloud be expand upward ... climb inco che sunight . it look as if it be sure to devour the leonov . the deflector plate swing out over the engine exhaust . the outboard chruscer be fire in a angry blue- white plume . the deflector plate bounce the force of the engine back towards the bow ... noct unlike the way a commercial aircraft slow down on a runway . CUT to : 66 int . pod BAY 66 curnow and brailcvsky be be help into theiz atmosvhere ( continued ) 52 . $6 continued : suit by floyd and orlov . the suic be extremely large , white bulky affair ... with rectangular back pack . CUT to : 67 ext . leonov 67 the deflector plate be take the full brunc of the thruster exhaust . the spacecraft be beginning to decellerace . cut to : 68 pod BAY 68 dr . brailovsky be check the telemetry monitoring system . curnow 's helmet be fastened with a loud mecallic click . floyd be the temperature 0.k.? curnow yes . you know I hate heighcs . floyd so do i. curnow we pick good job . I be get normal air flow . floyd you seal look good . CUT to : 69ext . leonov 69 the thruster be shut down ... and the deflector plate retract to they original position . the leonov have come to a stop . CUT to : 70 int . pod BAY 70 brailovsky 's helmet be fastened . dr . rudenko check he pulse and blood pressure monitor . curnow look at floyd . $ 2 . jocontinued : , floyd 70 conc ' é do not forget to write . brailovsky seaches for he eva thruster ... which be store on a vack on the wall . it look like a elaberace fire exting - uisher ... with a exahust ring ac one end ... and a rubber pac at the other . there be also a small control panel chac be situate over a pistol grip . brailovsky hook the tetherat the end of the thruster .... to a ring on the side of he suic . both man have a series of tool and pack ... that hang from various tether . the tether be all attach to belt and side ring on they suit . CUT to : tlext . leonov 71 we see for the firsc time ... why the leonov have come to a stop . Three hundred meter away ... slowly and steadily spin end over end like a giant baton ... be the discovery . it have turn a fester yellow from 10' sulfer . ic be dark now ... with no run or cabin light . it be silhouett against the rise column of yellow fury come from the surface . it hag the quarity of a huge wreck supertanker ... slowly spin and alling down to the boctom of the ocean . CUT to : 72 AIR lock 2 brailovsky and curnow have enter the air lock . floyd and orlov can see they through the window in the pod Bay . curnow be visibly afraid . brailovsky do not breath too deep . just breathe normal . curnow cry to slow he breathe down . we can hear each inhallation and exhallation of both man . brailovsky push the key by the air seal . he then pull the hydraulic release lever and stand back . the air-lock hatch suck inward with a enormous hiss ... and then slide up . ( continved ) 53. 72 continued : : n both man be face a nine - foot rectangular open . curnow instinctively grab hold of the long cether thas attaches to brailovsky 's back ting . they be stancing there ... look out inte space ... with the suliurous inferno below then ... and the eerie tumbeling silhouette directly in front . CUT to : text . leonov : 3 brailovsky the first to push off and float freely ino space . curnow use che full length of the techer ... before he gather the courage to let go . brailovsky be fleat with he back to the discovery . he be almost motionless . curnow be suspend slightly below ... and off to the leave . the tether still have some slack in it . curnow take he eva thruster in boch hand . he press the rubber pad against he shoulder . aiming the exhaust directly at the leonov ... he fire a small bursc . he be immediately propel away from the leonov . the tether be pull catch ... and jerk curnow along wich hin . both man float towards the discovery . the progression be slow . the two of they look like tiny white bug . . hover dangerously close to a fire ... as the inferno below they on i0 be raging upwards . curnow lock down . it be impossible to believe chat he be noc go to stop like a stone into the sulfurous fury beneath he boot . his breathe become more rapid . CUT to : 74 int . data BAY tee floyd , chandra and orlov be huddle nexc to che monitor . rudenko at another console ... study che telemetry . floyd they can not stay expose cto all that radiation for more than fifteen minute . how 's he pulse ? rudenko it be high . not to worry too much . ( continued ) $ 4. 74 continued : je cone 's : floyd Key curnow ... you hear the one about the marathon runner and the chicken ? CUT to : 75 ext . leonov 75 bead of sweat be break out on curnow 's forehead . curnow do not patronize I . re take a gulp of air . his breach make loud hiss noisé ... compare to the steady sofc sound of brailovsky 's respiration . he close he eye . surnow I be get nauseous . curt to : joint . data BAY % rudenko lean forward . rudenko if he vomit , he will choke . floyd do not close you eye . leok at the middle of discevery ... che middle not the end ... look where it 's move the least . do not take you eye off of it for a second . curnow ( v.0 . ) ° . ' k : .i be not go to throw up vI be a engineer , goddam it . ( pause ) hey ... maybe you should patronize I a little bit ... what about the marathon runner ? floyd T make it up . curnow ( v.0 . ) oh ... ( pause ) I be look amidship now . ( cont u a vl u $ 5 . 76 continued : floyd 76 '' : can you see any light ? 77 ext . leonov '' the eight hundred foot long discovery be spin in front of curnow . the yellow flow from 10 reflect off the underside of the craft ... as it pass by . uparrovsxy be dzift off to the right ... and fire a shore res on the thruster co aim he for the center . curnow no ...no light . keep talk . brailovsky 70 meter . floyd ( v.0 . ) you be almost there . ( pause ) how 's chac for patronize ? curnow it 's noc bad . brailovsky 50 meter . curnow do not look down ... do not close you eye ... don 'c breath too deep ... bratilovsky 40 meter . the texture of che discovery be become more clear . ic be too massive to see all of it now . CUT to : 78 int . y. int . data BA B floyd can you see the antenna complex . curnow ( v.0 . ) yes . floyd what condicion be ic in ? ( continue ) 78 79 80 56 . continued 78 cont'd. curnow ( v.0 . ) ie look nominal . chrisc .- this thing be big . CUT to : ext . discovery 79 the two man be near the center section . brailovsky poincs the thruster directly ahead . a flicker of blue - white spit out ... and he slow down . curnow 's momencun carry he past brailovsky . there be a tug on the tether line ... and both of they slow down . brailovsky Fifteen meter . ( pause ) look straight ahead . the center section be hardly move . that be where we will grab hold . ( pause ) ten meter . curnow take a deep breath . brailovsky five meter . both man take they grappel prong from they belt . the prong be abouc three foot long ... and have two metal finger at the end ... that spread and grasp . they be like the utensil you would use in a old library or bookstore +..to reach up and grab a book thactison a high shelf . brailovsky 's be the first to strike the skin of discovery . there be aloud clank ... as it hit the metal . curnow be right behind he . curnow pull he body to the center section ... and grab hold of the first protrusion he can find . he cling to it ... like a mountain climber ... hold on for dear life . he rest he breath ... which be come in gasp now . CUT to : int . data BAY 80 floyd ( to orlov ) with thac rotation ... chey be go to be in full gravity , by the time they get to the command module . rudenko his pulse be rise . CUT to : gl 82 83 84 57 . ext . discovery al both man start to make they way along the metal plate ... and then towards the ladder that stretch into the discance . what look like light year away ... be the Command module ... che large round ball at the far end . cut to : int . data BAY 82 floyd how do it look ? curnow it 's coat with sulfer . the structure look sound . ( pause ) oh , chrisc ... I be get heavy . brailovsky do not worry ... we be aimosc there . CUT to : ext . discovery 83 as the two man make they way towards the Command module , .. they get farther inco the violent spin of discovery . as they near the Command module ... it take all of curnow 's self control to try to ignore the horror of the change vista behind he . Act one moment ... 1 i0 pass below he . he be rimmed in yellow light . then he be in total blackness . then the cold brilliance of the sun streak along the structure and flare in he faceplate . it be as if he be hang on to the outside of a little car on a gianc feris wheel . CUT to : int . data BAY 84 kirbuk enter the area . she stand in the back ... out of the light . we can see she hand fold together . her face be in total darkness . the sound of curnow and brailovsky struggle along the side of discovery be amplify througn the monitor speaker . we can hear the sound of curnow 's labor breathe ... booming over the intercom speaker . floyd listen to I ... thin you mixture for a few second . ad cq02 . do it now . CUT to : a85 8s 58 . ext . discovery a 8s curnow reach for the nozzle at he side . he give it a half cur . there be a hiss sound . brailovsky make he way towards he . we can see thac the additional carbon dioxide be have a efiecc . curnow i'mo.k.... i'a o.k . it 's work . floyd ( v.0 . ) ten more second . curnow ten more . he wait the ten second ... and then turn the nozzle again . his breach be get calmer . curnow I be ready . cut to : ext . discovery 85 the man have reach the ball - shape Command module . curnow make he way across its discolor surface . there be no Light in the observation window above he . curnow brushes the thick coating of sulfur away from the surface ... revealing a emergency hatch ... the very one thac Dave bownan have enter for he final confromcacion . curnow I have find the hatch . brailovsky join he .. and both man start to brush the sulfur coating away . brailovsxy find a panel . curnow I have get the airlock status display panel . there be no - light . there 's no power . floyd ( v.0 . ) use the manual . curnow use manual . qi is ) ie a U ( con 59 . be 3 '' continued : 85 cont'd. 86 87 curnow raise the scall hand crank from a release . he start to turn it at a very steady pace . a narrow hairline open in the curve wall . a puff of vapor shoot out from inside ... carry with it a scrap of paper . the white paper look like a butcerily ... as ic tumble upward and disappear towards the star . curnow and srailovsky both stare at it . curnow turn back to he work . the hatch have open . , . revealing the blacken airlock . urnow no emergency light . nothing . curnow and brailovsky lean in che hatch . they helmet light case move beam of light in the uninvite cave . floyd ( v.0 . ) how do it look ? curnow ( v.0 . ) there 's no apparent damage . ( pause ) we be go inside . CuT to : int . data BAY 86 floyd welcome to United scate cerritory . floyd enjoy say this . he look over he shoulder at kirbuk ... and saile . CUT to : eye prec int . biscovery 87 curnow and brailovsky be silhouett in the open emergency hatch . behind they ... che insane panorama of 10 roll stab up into che black sky ... apparencly emerge the volcano near the terminator ... be a immense , curvin . horn of yellow sulfur . g '' ccurnow we be close the outer hatch , now . brailovsky crank the anual control ... and the viclence cf the outside world be wipe black . cuT to : 60. 88 int . corridor a8 89 the skeletal incerior take on the qualicy of a haunt house ... as the helmec light of che two man pounce along the ladder , pipe , and procrusion of a otherwise pitch black jungle . they be boch float freely ... cry to avoid get snare on a unseen pipe . floyd ( v.0 . ) Discovery ... be you all right ? curnow Discovery be fine . CUT to : int . pod BAY 89 only pod number 3 remain in the bay . two helmetless space suit hang in they rack ... be caughc in the beam of brailovsky 's helmet . they look like two decapitate corpse . curnow we have one pod here ... number three . floyd ( v.0 . ) any damage ? curnow none that I can see . the airlock be secure . no power . ( pause ) the pressure seem 0.k . brailovsky curnow .... I '¢é like to tesc the atmosphere here . orlov ( v.0 . ) what be the temperature ? curnow I do not know . the auxillary power be off ... so che guage do not work . floyd ( v.0 . ) it have to be a hundred below zero . bra vv a typical Russian tv sry ( continue ) 61 . 89 continued : 89 cont'd. curnow curnow I be from California . we do not know from a hundred below zero . floyd ( v.0 . ) raise the heat in he suic first . curnow I be do it . rudenko shine you Light on he face . make sure he do not turn biue . curnow Roger ...he 's right in fzonc of I . rudenko ( v.0 . ) keep talk ... all the time . brailovsky all righc , leonov ... I be unseal the visor now . watch he intently . brailovsky I be swinging che faceplate upward . brailovsky flinch ... as the cold hit he face . : brailovsky it be very cold . smoke pour from he nose an¢ mouth as he speak . brailovsky I be take a breath . curnow his color 's o.k. bratlovsrky there be oxygen here . I be breathe regularly . ( pause ) it be too cold to work here without environment suit . ( pause ) there be a strange smell here . stale. ..rorren ... as if something as ... ( continued ) 89 continued : brailovsky pale ... and quickly smap the faceplate shu curnow what 's the macter ? floyd ( v.0 . ) Discovery ... what 1s happen ? brailovsky look as if he be go to be sick . brailovsky I chink ... curnow no ... I think you be wrong . 90 int . leonov data BAY they all react . floyd when bowman leave ... he be che last one onboard . Pool be lose outside ... and bowman report he eject the other who have die in hybermacion . there 's no one there . brailovsky maybe bowman manage to get back to the Discovery ... and die here . floyd no ...he do n'c . he never come back . 91 int . discovery curnow it 's probably che galley . some meat wene bad before Discovery froze up . thac 's whac it be . brailovsky look at curnow . '' curnow I be tell you ... chat 's what ic be . brailovsky be try to regain he composure . 62. 89 conta CUT to : 90 CUT to : 91 ( continued ) 92 63. 91 91 _ tontinued : cont'd. curnow would I lie to you ? brallovsky start to smile . orlov ( v.0 . ) hello Discovery ... be you there ? curnow we be here . everything fine . we be proceeding to the bridge . the two of they push off a wall ... and start to make they way down a long corridor . milson ( v.0 . ) this be milson ... switch to key two in five second ... mark . ( pause ) hello ... mulciply key four and five w.stake cube root ... add pi square v.. and use nearest integer as key six . I do not think even they can decrypt this on you side or mine ... though God know they will try . CUT to : ward room 92 floyd be sit ac a stall table . he be talk with chandra and curnow . four member of the leonov crew be conspicuous in they desire to sit on the other side of the room . milson ( v.0 . ) I wish I could bring you better news . it 's get worse here . the President address a joint session of Congress yesterday , he say he be not go to back down on the blockade ... hold the old line ... ¢o not shoot ' till you see the white of they eye ... and all that bildge . chandra be stude a folder of print ours . curnow have he foot up on the small table in front of hic . milson ( v.0 . ) I do not know which be scarier ... the speech ... or the Congress chee i he evoke lincoln . whenever President be go to get we into ( more ) ( continued ) 64 , 92 continued 92 cont'd. milson ( cont 'd. ) serious crouble ... they always use lincoln . I honestly do not know if we be go to be ac war or not . it 's terri - fy to hope that the Russians be less crazy than we be ... when they clearly be crazy . CUT to : 924 ext . discovery 92a the massive spacecraft be still spin in its own orbit . milson ( v.0 . ) right now ... I chink you be in a safer place than we be . I just hope that there js a Earth to return to . ( pause ) I hear about the spoiled food in Discovery 's galley . I be glad that 's all it be . 93b the discovery 's spin be slow dow . 938 milson ( v.0 . } I be also glad that you get the ship under control . curnow be a capable man ... no one know that system better than he do . 93c the spin be even less . 93 '' milson ( v.0 . ) ie 's a good sign that there be reserve power . maybe the rest of the circuitry will work . 93d the discovery slowly come to a stop . ir now 93d float parallel with the leonov . milson ( v.0 . ) we have nothing new here on the monolith . we data confirm yours . it be not move . there be the expect pandemonium over you europa episode . we have analyze we number over and over again . I ( more ) ( continued ) 93d , 93d cont 'p . continued : milson ( cont 'd. ) do not know what the Russians be do with theirs . we no longer share anything ... which 1s really productive . maybe they know something . I doubc ic . 93e the black window of the discovery 's Control Bay smile across 93 : the large sphere ... like a toothless grin . suddenly there be a flicker of light . it happen again . finally ... the interior cabin light go on ... and remain glow . the smile be now a pearly white . dissolve to : 94 ext . leonov 94 the leonov start to pull away from io . it be a slow , gentle move ... without urgency . milson ( cont 'd . ) I take Chris to the zoo , last week . I think it be about time he realize thac there be animal that do not swim . he 's in good spiric . he palys you tape over and over again . caroline be away on a conference or something . I think she 's do all right . end message five four slash seven . tne discovery start to follow the leonov ... away from the wenace lanscape of i0 . cur to : $ 5 int . leonov bridge 95 kirbuk and maneuver the spacecraft towards jupiter . floyd ( v.0 . ) dear caroline . the Discovery have be partially revive . it be kind of like a person who have be in a deep coma for a long time ... and then suddenly open he eye . we know he be breathe ... and there be a pulse . however , we do not know what brain damage have be suffer ... or if he will ever be able to function normally again . cuT to : 66. q€int , discovery bridge 66 97 98 99 curnow and brailovsky be operate the propulsion system ... carefully try to keep parallel with the leonov . floyd ( v.0 . ) the drive system could be operate manually ... so we be able to pull Discovery away from ics decaye erbic around lo . the monolith be ac the La grante point ... half way between Jupiter and io . we decice on a parking orbic ... ac a distance of 100 kilometer . dissolve to : ext . discovery 97 the discovery slow to a stop . 10 be noticeably farther away . jupiter be a bit closer . one hundred meter away ... the lecnov be park ... float parallel to discovery . the two craft appear motionless . dissolve to : ext . leonov 98 orlov and ternovsky be attach a metalliccircle ... nine foot in diameter ... over the eva hatch . the circle be fastened with a series of electro-magnets . floyd so ... the patient be alive . we don ’c kmow if he 's a vegetable ... if he will ever be able to operate himself ...s0 he can return home . dissolve to : ext . discovery 99 orlov and ternovsky be activate the electro-magnets on a match ring ... over the eva haten of discovery . floyd ( v.0 . ) ic be cime to unleash chandra . he be the brain surgeon and psychiacrist +-- who have to put hal back together again ... if that 's possible . we don' know if hal be homocidal ... suicidal ... neurotic ... psychotic or just plaia break . dissolve to : 67. 200 ext . leonov 200 orlov and svetalnov be string cable between the two ring . floyd ( v.0 . ) I ean 'c describe co you what I feel . L have spend my whole life deal with the theory of what we be do and where we be ... yet I be unprepare for the impact of actually see it . I pity the poor soul who ean take this for grance ... jusc as I pity anyone who be noc awed by a sunset or a child . dissolve to : 101 ext . discovery 101 a series of bright yellow metal triangle be put in place around che cable ... one every ten meter . floyd ( v.0 . ) maybe that 's why we be all here ...to remind everyone of the wonder of we own life ... and how precious it be . li hear from milson how bad thing be gcing back home . the argument seem so puny , when you realize what be out here . they be also puny when you look ac a flower or Christopher 's face . dissolve to : 102 ext . discovery 102 ternovsky be attach a fourth cable inside the length of the triangle . running over the cable be a sec of small wheel . floyd ( v.0 . ) milson also tell I you be away at a conference . I hepe you be happy ... and able to deal with we separation betcer than I be . please take Chris out tonight ... and have he look up at the star . tell he I be up here ... smile down on he . we will make this a better place to live ... I promise ( more ) ( continued ) 68. 142 continued : es floyd ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd . ) eg he . besides ... this be the only universe we have . I love you . end message six five six . dissolve to : {oa int . leonov airlock 13 the outer hatch whip open ... revealing the complete construccion , that span the two stationary spacecraft . it look like a elaborate ski tow . chandra step on co the tow . he hold the control a bit core tightly than usual . the whole rig look flimsy ... as ic gently sway between the two craft . it resemble a high - tech version of a old rope bridge . CUT to : 104 ext , leonov / discovery I 105 chandra press the control panel ... and the two begin to carry he across the span . as he pass under each metal support ... a small strobe light flahse . ic take a few second ... and then he reach the discovery . CUT to : close - up , hand 205 a man 's hand fill the screen . in the palm be a small elec- tronic device ... with a micro print circuir on one side ... and little color wire on the other . curnow what the hell be this ? floyd I wane you to do I a favor . both man be sit in the lounge area off the Ward roon . floyd have a sec of blueprinc spread ouc on the small table . floyd this line here ... chis be the main power supply co the Control Bay edircuit ... right ? curnow to most of they ... rightc . floyd which ocherone be there ? ( continued ) 69 . 105 continued : tos curnow 108 all of the environment circuit be feed through this other one here . floyd this one , though ... this one feed into hal ... right ? curnow yes . floyd I want you to install this little ching right about here ... deep inside the cable trumk . I wane you to put it where it can not be find wichouc a deliberate search . curnow look at he ... and then ac he hand . he smile . curnow no shir . floyd no shit . curnow study the device . curnow this be pretty neat . a non-con - ducting blade ... so there will not be any short circuic when you trigger it ... where 's the remote control ? floyd tf I trigger it ... the control be m my compartmenc ... thact little red calculator I use . put in nine nine ... take the square root ... and press integer . that 's all . if there 's a emergency ... you can do ic . curnow what kind of emergency ? floyd tf I know ... then I would not need this stupid thing ... would I ? ( continued ) 70 . 103 continued : curnow acs con ! you have a point . chandza would have kitten if he find ouc . floyd then he will not find out ... will he ? curnow not from I . they can tear oy fingernails off ... I will not talk . floyd install i¢ tonight ... when chandra 's asleep ... if he ever do sleep . curnow how do you tell ? CUT to : 106 int . discovery flight deck lie chandra be seat in front of hal 's main console . he be stare ac the machine ... run he finger lightly over the controus . he take a deep breath . ic be clear that he be try to suppress the enormity of he emocion . chandra ( into a small recorder ) this be ... initial voice logic reconstruction test number one . diagnostics on voice- recognition and speech synthesis center have be complete . at this level ... all funceion appear nornal .: chandra hesitates for a moment ... he finger poise over hal 's keyboard . he look ac the screen ... then he type : '' hello '' hello . chandra he type : '' doctor '' chandra dector . he type : '' name '' ( continued ) 71 . viscontinued : 26 chandra nate . he type : '' continue '' chandra continue . he type : " yesterday " chandra yesterday . he type : '' tomorrow chandra tomorrow . chandra enter this word and then watch the screen . there be a pause . finally ... in a electronic sounding monotone ... we hear the word : hal ell ...oh ..... doh ...to.. may ... _en ...tin...oooh .., ess ... ter ...da.. ,too...moh ...roh . chandra start type at the keyboard . hal elloh...dohtor...naamm ... contin...ooh ... ester ... daeee ..-toomoh ...roh , chandra type again . hal elloh...dohtor...naymmm ... continooch...esterd ...aye ... toomoh ... roowwe . crandra type again . he be lean closer and closer to the screen . we can see he almose prodding the machine . hal hhhellioh ...doctor...naamm ... continooh...esterdaee ... toomerrr ... onhw . ( continued ) with 72 . 106 continued : 16 chandra take a deep breath . he type again . hal start a unending string of the word ... one after anocther ... over and over again . ral hhellohdoctornaamcontinooes - terrdaeetomorrohhwhellodoct- orrnaanmconctinnuessyesssterd- ayyytomerrohhwwwhellohdocto- rrnammecontinnuesyesssterday tommorrowhe llodoctornaaame . the voice be change . it start in that deep synthesizer sound . the more the word be repeat ... we hear the pitch begin to rise . it become a higher synthesizer sound . gradually ic resemble a voice . it begin to take on human quality . it get softer . the corner become round at the end of word . the word be uttere at a blind pace . it sound more like noise than speak ... except we can hear the transformation take place . chandra stop the proceedings . he type something on the keyboard . he sit back . bal hello...doctor...name ... continue ...yesterday ... tomorrow...hello...doctor +. mame ... chandra type again . good morning Dr. chandza . this be hal . I be ready for my first lesson . ie be mot a smile that 's on chandra 's face . he be try to contain himself ... yer if you look closely ... you would swear that there be tear in he eye . CUT to : ext . leonov lor the two spacecraft ... leonov and discovery ... be rest motion - less ... side by side . the frail liccle cable link between the two giant ... look like a triangle of slender thread ... ready to snap act the slight pull . kirbuk ( v.0 . ) two hundred kilometer . ( continued ) 73. 107 continued : . tor orlov ( v.0 . } I be get no radar echo . kirbuk ( v.0 . ) one hundred ninety kilometer . CUT to : 403 int . bridge 18 109 , int . communications BAY 110 kirbuk be hover over the display in fronc ef she . kirbuk one hundred eighty kilometer . CUT to : ro '' of orlov be at the control panel ... along with ternovsky and kovalev . they be look at different display . orlov none of the sensor be read anything . I have try every difference vavelengch . nothing . ccurnow well it 's there ... we know thac . kirbuk ( v.0 . ) one hundred fifty kilomecer . floyd be lock through a binocular evenie £ ch telescope , that hang down from the low ceiling : the large floyd ( to himself ) Jesus ... chrisc . '' kirbuk ( v.0 . ) one hundred twenty kilometer . ext . leonov / discovery 19 we can see what the two space craft be slowly drift coward . it 4s the monolith . ic be a titanic black rectangular slab ... hang in the sky . ic do not have reflectivity . there be only the slight hint of a satiny surface . what give it its shape be the lack of star behind ic . ic look like soneone cut a enormous black window in the brilliant starlight sxy . ( continued ) 7b , LLC continued : at the monolith be two kilometer in length . even at this distance it be overpower . CUT to : ll. int . leonov bridge lin kirbuk look out of the bow window . kirbuk one hundred kilometer . cuut to : 112 int . communication BAY tb floyd be awescruck . floyd what be thac thing ? eighty kiloneress oo ? cuut to : ll int . bridge ww kirbuk push two control on the keyboard in front of she . CUT to : 114 int . discovery bridge 1s brailgvsky do the same thing . cur to : \l5 ext . discovery / leonov dw the two craf come to a gentle stop . they look small comparec cto the aparicion in fronc of then . cut to : '' ul6 int . ward room ue all of they except for chandra be seat around the centzval table . there be alot of data spread out before they ... as well as the residue of food and coffee . they have obviously be here for a while . ( continued ) 75 . 116 continued 116 cont 'd kirbuk be there any information store in hal abouc it ? floyd no. hal be disconnect before the Discovery encounter ic . there 's nothing in the ship log and automatic recording system aitez that . whatever secret sownan have ..- he take wich hin . orlov ic 's the proportion ...one , by four , by nine . they be perfect ... even when carry to six decimal place . floyd the small one on the moon ... it be exactly the same proportion . we go through the same thing . one four and nine be the square root of one , two and three . everyone spend . year try to attach sone cosmic significance to that ... and mo one could come up with anything . kirbuk we can speculate all we wanc ... ic will noc do we any geod . if it be somehow or other resisting we in - strument ... then we will make a closer inspection . she turn to brailovsky kirbuk ( cont 'd . ) we will send Max down with a pod . floyd I don'c think you should do thac . kirbuk really ... you do n'c . floyd thac 's right ... I do n'c . ( pause ) that 's noc junk ouc there . we do not now what the hell ic be ... except it be something ... something ( more ) ( continued 76 . 116 continued ' 116 cont 'd. floyd ( cont 'd . ) very large ... and i{¢ have a purpose . ( pause ) if you wane co send a pod down there ... send a unmanned one . kirbuk I don ' ’c agree . brailovsky I would like to go . curnow lock at brailovsky brailovsky piece of pie . curnow cake ... piece of cake . bratlovsky yes . curnow Dumb . that 's what it be . kirbuk tell I , Dr. floyd ... whact have happen cto american bravery ? floyd it 's alive and well , thank you ... and live on television . what ever happen to Russian common sense ? kirbuk Max will take the pod . cur to : 117 int . pod Bay 117 brailovsky be be help into the small one man pod by curnow . the pod Bay be a enormous complex ... thact enter the air lock . four pod be store ... one on top of another . as one be use ... the next pod slide down a set of rail . the pod itself be a vertical array of massive leg ...arm ... solar battery ... and a transmit dish ... all protrude from a angular body . the piloc stand in it ... net unlike the Apollo lunar landing module . two inconvenient triangular window be cuc into the front . they leok like black , sad eye . the television camera be a reptillion eye on che top . ( continued ) 77 . 117 continued ll ? cont ' D. curnow close the thick instrumented hatch over brailovsiy . curnow Dumb . brailovsky you worry coo much . curnow do n 'c get ic mad . brailovsky how do you get ict mad ? curnow durb . brailovsky easy as cake . curnow pie ... easy as ple . curnow close the hatch all the way . CUT to : 118 ext . leonov 118 the airlock hatch hiss open . the white ped slice out on its rail ... and pause at the open . CUT to : 119 int . pod 119 brailovsky press the butron act the top of the control stick . CUT to : 120 ext . leonov 120 the pod float free of its mother ... and shifcs off coward the black rectangle ... fiicty kilometer away . cut to : 121 int . communications BAY 121 orlov be again at the control . floyd be stand behind hin . curnow be look through the telescope . the array of display be tracking the small pod ... and try to decipher the sonclish off in the distance . 122int . bridge kirbuk be watch through the bridge window . 78. CUT to : 122 she be constantly check the daca on the display panel in fronc of she . this whole sequence be to the constant accompanizent of a steady stream of Russian ... come from brailovsky --- 45 he be count off the distance . 123 ext . pod cut to : 123 as the pod draw nearer ... we be as unprepare for the size cf the monolith as be brailovsky . two kilometer be more than a mile . it be one thing to see a objecc that size in space ... where there be little concept of distance . get close to ic . 124 int . communications bay ic be another to cur to : 124 the television image from the pod can no longer take in the complete monolith . it be simply too big . orlov we show no radioactivity . brailovsey ( v.0 . ) I have no indication here . no magnetic field . nothing . I a have difiiculety guag the distance ... the radar signal be not bounce back . 125 int . bridge kirbuk Three hundred fifty meter . 126 int . communications BAY curnow that pod look smali . floyd that 's good . there 's nothing threaten about it . cut to : 125 cut to : 126 ( con at hd t uv u 79 . 126continued : ls eect kirbuk ( v.0 . ) eo n 's . two hundred fifty meter . floyd maybe Max should extend the pod 's arm ... with open hand . orlov be you serious . floyd yes . curnow I do not know about you ... chat thing with its claw in the air would scare the piss ouc of I . floyd maybe you be right . ccut to : sent wext . pod vy the litcle pod be getcing very close to the right hand commer ef the monolich . rirbuk ( v.0 . ) one hundred meter . floyd ( v.0 . ) stop there ... for a momenc . just pause . let ic know you be not go to crash inco ic . CUT to : wsint . int . pod DB brailovsky be gape ouc he lictle window . brailovsky there be almost no reflectivity . I can not see any surface feature . it look totally smooth . cuut to w9int . communications BAY 9 orlov pass over its length once . ( continued 80 . CUT to : loext . monolith a0 the pod float about fifty foot from the satin surface of the monolith . it look like a dingy puccere around a super - tanker . ic be barely reflect on the black surface . CUT to : lint. bridge B. it be kirbuk who first notice it ... stare out of she window . CUT to : lq2int . communications BAY i curnow's jaw sag ... as he look through the telescope . curnow oh , my god. cut to : 133 ext . monolith 133 the pod be a white speck ... chree quarter of the way on its journey across . the coal black surface be start to change . there be pinpoint of light . they look like star . they be multi - ply . they seem to start at the edge ... and be gather in the center . as they gather ... they be increase in brightness . they be move . they appear to be under the surface ... yet you can 'c cell how far . cut to : lamint . pod Li brailovsky be face reflect the glare from the grow light beneath and all aroune hia . curnow Max ! get the hell out of there : 135 the whole thing only cake a second or two , the galaxy of as star that have gather in the middle be form a brilliant light under the surtace . ( continved ) 81. 135 continued : 135 conc'd , 136 the flash be too clear to describe . the lighc literally explode through the suzface ... and whac lock like a lightning bolc streak away from the monolicth ... pasc che leonov and discovery ... past io . it form what look like a small comet ... that be head back towards earth . brailovysky never have time to react ... there be probably very little he could have do if he have the time . the pod be blow away from the menolith ... tumble end over end like a field goal ... and break into piece as be do . in a matter of second ... ic be too far away to see . curnow ( v.0 . ) Max ! Max you bastard ... can you hear I ? answer I : orlov ( v.0 . ) brailovsky ... this be leonov . can you read we ? curnow ( v.0 . ) Max ! there be no trace of the pod . there be no trace of anything that happen . the titanic monolith be still hang in the black sky ... with a benign indifference . the leonov and discovery be float side by side . only that who see what happen can attest co it . all the evicence have be sweep clean . it be doubcful anyone would belive then , anyway . CUT to : earth 136 the earth be in quarter light . ic look like a large opal with speck of brown peek through the blanket of swirli white cloud and crystal blue water . ic be a magnificent planet ... and the cranquilicy of the color be a bless relief from the raging red and orange of jupiter . the quarter moon be hang low on che horizon . the searing whice streak of light hurcle towards the sunrise on North America . ic look like a small comet . in a second it have disappear in che cloud cover . cuT to : 82. 137 int . bridge 7 kirbuk be sit at she station . she be alone . her face be lic by the twinkle light of the comcrol panel light . she be stare vacancly out the cockpit window . floyd can I buy you a drink ? kirbuk do not : turn around . she continue stare out of the window , at the brood 2 kilometer black rectangle ... that be suspend in the discance . floyd ic 's good stuff ... bourbon ... from a land call kentucky . kirbuk I do not know you bring liquor on board . it 's forbidden . floyd you think I could set foot on this thing sober ? floyd place the plastic container in front of she . he sic in the co-piloct 's sear . floyd try ic . nothing beat the taste of alcohol and styrofoan . kirbuk take a sip . kirbuk you think I be wrong to send Max . floyd Te do not matter what I think . kirbuk you think I be wrong . floyd yes . she take another sip . kirbuk what else do they do in kentucky ? ( continued ) 83. 137 continued . 137 ) cont 'd. floyd they have a very big horse race . they play good baketball . kirbuk it sound like a nice place . floyd I have never be there . kirbuk you wife ... what be she like ? floyd she 's young . very bright . I be marry before . my first wife die . we have a daughter together . she 's now 17 . kirbuk I be sorry . floyd so be I . I meet caroline four year ago . we have a son . ( pause ) what abouc you ? kirbuk my husband be a phyisican . he teach at the University hospical in Moscow . we have a daughter . floyd how old ? kirbuk four year . floyd she blonde ? kirbuk yes . floyd good . my son like blond . maybe some day they can get together . kirbuk yes ...maybe . ( continued ) b4 . '' jxrontinued : v7 conti . floyd it would be nice if we lefc then a world to gec together in . the two of then . look out of the window . floyd what the hell be chat ching ? kirbuk I don' know . floyd it wonder if Max know . kirbuk Dr. floyd ... you be not a very practical man . floyd you look we there and cell I what practical be . CUT to : 138 tampa , florida , morning l368 139 in be one of that summer morning in florida . .. when there be no change between night and day , except for the fact thac somebody turn che light on . the temperature never get below 80 at night . everrone without air conditioning have cto choose between be devoure by mosquite if they leave they window open ... or be saure would by the heat if they keep the window close . everyone choose the mosquito ... and a chance of a quart of damp air . 633 magnolia Street be indistinguishable from 631 magnolia screet ... or any other number on magnolia screer . ic be a modest single story house ... in the middle of a row of identical house ... that look like chey all sproute up in fifteen minute . there be sweet attempt at individuality . some house have red frone door ... some brown . some have yellow flower ... some have red . ic do not really matter . you could probably be in the wrong house for a week ... before you realize you mistake . CUT to : int . 633 magnolia STREET , morning 139 the round portable fan be sitce on the stain formica table . ic pan slowly cto the leave ... make the sheer hali - ( continued as . 49 continued : ly con . curtain billow ... cause the cigarette in the glass ash try to shudder ... and finally , make elizabeth fernandez 's hair co dance on she damp shoulder . she be a woman in she early forty . underneath she ex - pression of resignaction ... the feature of a very attractive woman refuse to go away . she be sit in a small de - family room ... with a mine field of toy on the ground ... and a lot of photograph on the wall . many of the photograph be of david bowman . a commercial be play on the television sec . it be follow by the resumption of the morning newscast . anckorwoman Secretary of State bower meet with the President for two hour this tiorn at the White House . after - ward ... he have no commenc for reporter . the President have schedule a news conference for this evening at nine o'clock Eastern Standard time . we will , of course , carry that conference live ... something be happen to the television piccure . the image of the anchorwoman be grow pale . the grain in the picture be increase . it become a series of color dot . anchorwoman follow by a special report idumediately afcerward . we have a unconfirm repore that the presidenc be go to announce a full scale milicary alerc conighc . White House ... the dot grow in size ... and chen shrink back . the anchorwoman yetumm to the screen for a moment . then the image start to shift again . anchorwoman source have refuse to cenfim or deny chat report . we do know chat there have be a great deal of ... a oval form be take shape over the anchorwoman . ic be transparent . grain get larger and smaller in ic . ( continued ) 86 . isqontinued : 13 % calc ! anchorwoman activity at the pencagon all nighc long . a spokesman for the Defense departmenc refuse to answer any question . Secretary of Defense ... the oval shape grow two eye . then a mouth and nese . the sound of che anchorwoman drift away . the face we see on the screen be the face of david bowman . bowman hello , Betty . elizabeth fernandez have watch the metamorphosis on the screen almost unconsciously . the sound of bowman 's voice be what jolt she back to reality . she gape at the screen with terror fill eye . bowman bello , Betty . she be try to sore ouc in a instant , if this be a dream wea practical joke of some kind ... or if ic be real . there be something about the voice that tell she this be not a joke . betty what be this ? this be noc funny . bowman helle , Betty . she pick up the small remote channel changer . she press the button . the channel indicator on the television set indicate she be switch from channel two to channel three . bowman 's face remain on the sereen . the channel indicator read channel four ... then five ... che face stay there . betty tf this be a joke ... it 's not funny . bowman please talk to I . betty Dave ... what be ... Dave ... be chat you ? bowman I be not sure . I remember Dave bowman ... and everything abouc hin . ( continue ) 87 . ug continued : la9 cone . she scart the breath heavily ... wich difficulty ... try noc to cry . her eye be willing with tear . betty oh ...1 ... Dave ... be dead . bowman all that Dave bowman really be be scill part of I . betty why be you here ? the image on the television change again . over bowman 's face we see two people make love . ic be bowman and betty fernandez . she wactch ... transfix ... a liccle embarrasse¢ ... and rather melancholy . bowman TI do not know why . ( pause ) I think co say goodbye . the image change back to bowman again . tear be come down betty 's cheek . bowman you be marry again ? betiy yes ... bowman be he a good man ? betty yes ... yes he be . bowman I be glad . ( pause ) I love you . betty oh Dave ... i... love ... bowman goodby , Betty betty Don 's go :-.- s3owman I be already there . ( continued ) bscontinued 140 8&8. : 139 cont 'd. betty I don'c understand . bowman something be go to haspen . I want to say goodbye . betty what ? whac 's go to happen ? bowman something wonderful . bowman 's face begin to fade . the grain structure reform to a series of color square . ' betty Dave : the television image of the newscast reappear . the sound of the cartoon fade back up . elizabeth fernandez remain stare at the screen . she start to sob . she cover she face with she hand . the portable fan pan back and forth -.- make Little metallic hum noise . CUT to : int . discovery flight deck : 140 chandra be seat in fronc of hal 's console . floyd be next to he . orlov be stand behind they . curnow be off to the lefct ... wear a hat that belong to Max . chandra understand , ..nobody can talk . the accent will confuse he . he can understand I ... so if you have any question ... please let we ask then . chandra look at everyone . then he open the audio switch . chandra good morning , hal . hal good morning , Dr. chandra . chandra do you feel capable of resume all you duty ? hal of course . I be completely operational , and all my circuit be function perfectly . chandra that 's good . do you know what that duty be ? hal yes . I will operate the onboard system of Discovery . there be a launch window in chircy one day ( more ) . ( conting a9 . 140 continued : a hal ( conc ' .. when Earth be in the or position . there be enoug on board for a low consumption route ... chact will enable Discovery to return in twenty eight mench . this will noc present a problen . chandra . very good . do you mind if I ask you a few question ? hal -) not ac all . chandra De you recall Dave bowman an¢ Frank poole leave the Discovery ? floyd look at curnow , there be the faintest hint of a nod from curnow , floyd put he hand in he pock . ral certainly not . that could never of happen or I would remember it . wnere be Frank and Dave ? chandra they be fin they be not here righ : floyd remove the ciny calculacor from he pocket . hal who be this people ? I can only idencify you ... alchough I compute a sixty - five percent probability that the man behind you be Dr. floyd . chandra do not worry , hal . I will explain everything lacer . hal have the mission be complete ? you know that I have che great enthusiasm for it . chandra the mission have be complete . you have carry we you progran very well . now , if you will excuse we , we wish to have a private conversation . ( continued ? . 90 . 146 continued : ( so conc 's hal certainly . chandra switch off the main sound and vision input . he tum around and look at everyone . orlov what be that all about ? chandra I have erase all of hal 's memory from the moment che trouble start . orlov the 9000 series use holographic memory ... so chronological erasure would not work . chandra I make a tapeworn . : churnow you make a what ? chandra it 's a program that 's feed into a system that will hunt down and descory any desire memory . floyd do you know why hal do what he do ? chandra yes . ic be not he faulc . floyd whose fault be it ? chandra your . floyd mine . chandra your . ( pause ) in go through hal 's memory bank ... L find he original order . you write that order . ( continued ) 91 . 160 continved : 149 con ’? floyd stare at chandra . chandra Discovery 's mission to Jupiter be already in the advanced plan stage when the firsc small monolith be find on the moon ... and senc its signal towards jupicer . by direct presidential order ... the existence of that monolith be keep secret . floyd so ? chandra so ...as the function of the command crew ... bowman and -poole ... be to get Discovery to its destination ... it be decide that they should noc be inform . the investigative team be train separately ... and place in hybernation before the voyage begin . ( pause ) since hal be capable of operate Discovery without human assistance ...dt be decide that he should be program to carry out the mission autonomously ... imn the evenc the crew be incapacicate or kill . he be iven full knowledge of the crue objective ... and be instruct not to reveal anything to bowman or poole . he be instruct to lie . floyd what the hell be you talk about ? I never authorize anyone to inform hal of the monolith . chandra remove piece of paper from he pocket . chandra the directive be nsc 342 slash 23 ... top secrec ... January 30 , 2001 . floyd nsc ?... thac 's the Nacional Security Council ... thac 's the White House . ( continued ) 92 . 140 continued : bon 5 chandra . I do not care who ic be ... the sicuation conflicce with the whole purpose of hal 's design ... the accurate processing of information without distortion or concealment . he become trap . the technical term be a H. moebius loop ... which ean happen in advanced computer wich autonomous goal - seek program . floyd the goddamm White House ... I do not believe it . chandra hal be tell to lie by people who find it easy to lie . hal do not kmow how . so he couldn 'c function . he actually become paranoid . . floyd that son of bitch . I do n'c kmow . I really do n'c . the soall vein on floyd ' 's temple be pulsate with he tage . he look like he be go to break . something . voice ( v.0 . ) Dr. floyd you be wance on the leonov . Dr. floyd you be want on the leonov , please . CUT to : 141 san diego county hospital , Day 141 the afternoon sun be slice into long , thin streak ... as it pass through the metal bind of room 844 . the frail woman in the bed be stripe by the light . she be old ... in she seventies ... with dry wisp of white hair barely cling to she thin skull . a thick corrigate tube run from she neck to a respirator . a thin tube run froma plastic bag into she nose . a heart monizor be beeving metre - nomically . the respirator pulse with a slew mechanical hiss . resident we have here Mrs. jessie bowman ... age 77 . she collapse in ner howe ... find by a neighbor ... and bring here three month ago . she be comatose on and she be work up and foun ( more ) ( contin sed ved 93. 1st continued : hel ened resident ( cont 'd . ) ~ have suffer a aassive c.v.a. involve the leave pariecal and froncal lobe . the cat scan show a massive bleed . jessie bowman 's inert face sag noticeably on she right side . the sunlight play on she dry lip ... which be partially open only on the leave side of she mouth . on the wall behind she be a frame photograph of david bowman ... and a frame fronc page of the new york time ... with a banner headline that read : " U.S. launch manned mission to jupiter " . under che headline ... " dave bowman and frank poole smile out at ‘us . resident she have remain comatose since she admission ... and have be unable to have spontaneous respiration . there be no response to stimulus . the neurological residence be read from a chart by jessie bowman 's bed . the Chief of neurology be stand next to he . five intern be crowded behind they . resident she have have two episode of pneumonia ... and be febrile . chief what 's she temperature ? resident 39.5 . the resident pick up the woman 's right ara . resident we have be give she intra-veinous ancibiotics for cen day . chief any change ? the resident let go of hez arm . be drop lifelessly back to the bed ... and remain pala up . chief physical therapy ? ( continued ) ga . 14 ] i41 continued : 142 143 resident Range of motion four tine a day ... and she be turn every caircy minute . that 's about ic . chief thank you . they all curn and leave the roon . resident we have here a 54 year old man ... the last intern close the door behind she . CUT to : nurse station , 1.c.u . 142 the nurse Station in intensive Care ... be mark by a elaborate bank of monitor . each monitor show a celevision image of a patient in a room . jessie 30 wman be in che second monitor from the leave . we see the group of doctor enter a room in the next monitor . they be talk silently over a male patient . under each monitor be the patienc 's mame . under the name be a heart monicor . the nurse at the station be read " people " magazine . the cover blare the word ' war ? " . the nurse be not look at the monitor . she turn the page . if she be look ... she would see jessie bowman open she eye ... and sic up in she bed . her lip be move . she be speak . we can not hear what she be say . CUT to : int . room 844 be 3 jessie bowman 's eye be sparkling . her smile be on both side of she mouth . whatever she be say ... we can not heer ic even in the roon . we can see che small silver brush that be on the night stand next to she bed . we see it rise slowly we ... and move to jessie bowman 's head . ic brushes she hair in long ane levin stroke . : the dreadful whispy hair be be comb into place . jessie bowman have never look happier or more peaceful in she CUT to : 95 . lss4 nurse ' station i.c.u. tae the nurse have almost finish the article she be read .. when the steady tone of che hearc machine pierce through she concentration . she look up at the monitor . she see the heart monitor under " bowman be a flac line . CUT to : l45int . room 844 have the nurse rush in the room . jessie bowman be lie dead on the white sheec ... stripe in the sunlight ... she hair comb ... a lovely expression of contentment on she face ... and the small silver brush in she lefc hand . cuT to : 146 ext . leonov / discovery m6 the two spacecraft hover together in the star-filled sky . Jupiter boil in a colorful quarter crescent . the fragile connect bridge hang between chem like a strand of coral . voice ( russian v.0 . ) all hand to the ward room . all hand to the ward room , please . voice ( english v.0 . ) all hand to the ward room . ail hand to the ward room , please . CUT to : 147 int . ward , 7 everyone be crowded in the ward room . there be a bank of monitor over the table in the middle of the room . on one of they be a american fleg . on the other be a Russian flag . the crew be wait for a special announcement . both monitor flicker at che same tine . on the monitor with the Russian flag ... the image of dimitri moisevitch appear . on the monitor with the american flag ... victor milson appear . both man start to speak at the same time . molsevicth 's address be in Russian . both speech occur simulcaneously . ( continued ) milson this be probably the mosc difficul announcement I have ever have to make . ( pause ) as you know ... ching have not be go well back home . well ... it 's get worse . a lot worse . we see both the Russians and Americans react be hearing . floyd look ac kirsuk . milson ( cont 'd . ) we have have a blockade around honduras . for the past few week ...- the Russians have be threaten - ing to break it . we have be threaten to sink any ship that try to do that . kirbuk look at floyd . milson ( cont ‘'D. ) yesterday...yesterday ... a Soviet destroyer challenge the blockade . warning shot be fire across she bow . she do not respond . a second volley be fire . there be still no response . none . ( pause ) the nuclear destroyer u.s.s. cunningham launch two falcon missile . both strike the soviec vessel amidship . she break in two ..eand sink . 800 crew be lose . there be utter shock among the group . floyd 96 . 16 ? cone would to what they look as if he have be slape in the face . kirbuk stare at moisevitch 's face on the monicor in disbelief . ceurncw bow he head «-. and put he zace in he hand . chandra lock az orlov ... who turn away from hin . milson ( cont 'd . ) this morning ... a american sur - veylance satellite be strike bv a Soviet laser , fire from the sergi kirov space station . the american satellite be destroy . ( pause ) the unice States have break off diplomacic relacion with Russia . all ambassador have be recall . the Soviet ambassadoz have be expell ... along with the encizre ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . 147 continued : milton ( cont 'd. ) staff . all american air defense , and satellice defense force aze on full alerc . Premier ulonova mace a televise address ... and say chat technically ... a state of war exist between we two country . floyd wince . milson ( cont 'd . ) all american personnel be order to leave soviec cerricory immediately +».0r chey will be place under arrest . all Russian personnel be similarly order to evacuate american territory . ( pause ) as a result ...ah ... ( he clear he voice ) xe.h a result ... by direct presidential order ... the three of you must leave the leonov . no Russian citizen be allow to remain on or enter the Discovery . this order be effeccive immediately . floyd and kirbuk look be each other . she try to say something ... however she can'c . CUT to : 148 AIR lock lee curnow be the first cto ride the t-bar across to the discovery . milson ( v.0 . ) tne launch window for re-entry be 28 day . the Discovery have enough fuel for a low consumption trajectory . chandra be next . he hold on to the t-bar ... and glide across the little bridge . milson ( v.0 . ) hal appear to be re-activate ... and be function well enough to operate che onboard system . the leonov have enough fuei for a low consumption trajectory thac will ( more ) ( continued ) aa ? con '' 68 149 ise usl communications BAY 98. continued : be we milson ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd. ) arrive twelve month earlier . this launch window be cricical for boch spacecraft . floyd be the last to leave . he make the trip across . cur to : ext . leonov / discovery tas both spacecraft hang together by the slender thread of the flimsy t-baz bridge . milson ( v.0 . ) only communication of a emergency distress nature be allow between the leonov and Discovery . ( pause ) I know you people be catch in the middle of this . in a sense ... we all be . I wish there be somech L could do . the only thing lefc for we be to pray . pray for the safety ef we family ... for we cowmezy ... for we planet . May God forgive we and protect we . small explosive bolt be fire ... and che electro-magnet ring connect the bridge to the discovery be blow oft of the side hatch . the bolr on the leqnov side be explode . the bridge tumble upward ... and away from both spacecrafc . the leonov and the discovery be two isolate island ... look picifully small . the ctizanic black reccangle stretch in front of they ... silence as always . CUT to : int . leonov live quarter 1s the compartment occupy by floyd , curnow and chandra be empty . the light be ouc . CUT to : orlov be sit at che console . he be watch the monitor image of the discovery . he resc he chin on he hand . CuT to : oe e a 99 . 182 int . ward room 182 yakunina be sit in the lounge area . CUT to : 1s . medical BAY 1s3 rudenko sic alone in the white bay . she read a book . CUT to : 184 int . bridge 154 kirbuk be in the flight console . she be stare out che port . the monolith fill more than half the window . dissolve to : 35 . in int . discovery corridor 185 churnow sit on the corridor floor ... he back against the side . he hold max 's hac in he hand . cuT to : 156 int . hall 155 chandra be bath in the red light of hal 's circuit room . he be check one of the crystal memory bank . this be more busy work than anything else . CUT to : 157 int . bridge st floyd sic in one of the two pilot seat . the screen in front of he display the television view of the monolith . hal 's central console be within arm 's reach . floyd sit motionless . floyd hal ... give I a system stacus report , please . hal just ome moment , please . ( pause ) good evening , decter floyd . I be sorry for the delay ... my voice recognition circuit be not ( more ) ( continue ) 1090 . 157continued : 157 hal ( cont 'd . ) complecely restorec ... alcho tee as you can see ... cthey be i oving . all system be functicnal . here be a small pressure leak in the aft heating unit . be be noch serious . I can compensate for ic by use the redundant unit . floyd thank you . hal Dr. floyd ? floyd yes ? would you like to play a game of chess ? I play very well . floyd I be sure you do . no thank you . floyd rub he mouch with he hand . hal Dr. floyd ? floyd what be ic , hal ? hal there be a message for you . floyd who 's call ? there be no identificarion . floyd look at hal 's red glow light . floyd what 's the message ? hal message as follow :... ic be gangerous to remain here . you must leave wichin two day . ccontinved 101 . 157 continued 157 cont 'd , floyd what ? hal do you want I to repeat the message Dr. floyd ? floyd who record it ? hal this be not a recording . floyd who be send the message ? hal there be no identification . floyd I do not understand . ral neither do i. floyd hal ... be this message by voice ... or by keyboard ? hal ' I do not know . floyd look out of the flight deck window . he see the monolith . he look back at hal . floyd my response be ... we do not have enough fuel for a earlier departure . hal the answer be .... I be aware of this fact . nevertheless «.- you must leave wichia two day . floyd who the hell be send this ? ( continued ) 102 . 1s7 continued : ral I be sorry , Dr. floyd . 1 do not know . floyd tell whoever it be ... cthac I can not take any of this seriously ... unless I know who I be talk to . ( pause ) hal Dr. floyd ? floyd yes. hal the response be : I be David bowman . floyd try to take this all in . hal De you want I to repeat the last tesponse ? floyd no ... no. tell churmow this be not the time for some stupid joke . bal Dr. churnow be noc send the message . he be in accessway two . floyd tell whoever it be ... I can not accept that idencificacion without proof . ( pause ) ral the response be : I understand . ic be importance that you believe I . look behind you . there be a momenc ... when we see chat floyd be not sure he want ¢o turn around . he slowly twist he body ... so he can see the corridor behind the command seat . the white padded corridor be empry ... except for the small pinprick of light , gather on the wall . they look like spark from a expose wire ... or miniacure star . they be move ... from all over the far wall ... coward the center . they starc co swirl ... form a cyclene . ( continued ) 157 continued : 158 159 103 . 157 cone would . floyd 's face be reflect in the grow light . he be noc sure he be see what he be clearly see . the cyclone form a oblong shape . the oblong shape begin to take on protrusion ... they be azr and leg . ic be now a translucent , amorphous body . a head form . the body turn ved . ic be a space suic ... che red space suit worm by David bowman . the face form . it be bowman . he be no longer translucent . he be there ... stand in the corridor . his blue eye look at floyd . he have a half smile on he face . he turn and leave the corridor . floyd try to catch he own breath . he push off the seac ++. and go to the corridor as fast as he can . go any - where quickly be make more difficule by the weightless condition . CUT to : pod BAY accessway 13 bowman be walk purposefully down the corridor ... towards the pod Bay . at the end of the corridor be a open hatch , lead into the Bay . . floyd reach the corridor when bowman be half way coward the hatch . he can not walk any fascer . bowman be not try to get away . he be walk at a steady pace . bowman walk through the hatch :.. and disappear into the pod Bay . floyd be a few second behind . he try to hurry . CUT to : pod BAY ls9 floyd enter and stop . the 60 year old man stand in the pod Bay have david bowman 's face ... excepc the hair be white ... and the skin be wrinkle . he be wear a elegant dress gown ... with a white shirt and a neatly tie ascoc . bowman hello Dr. floyd . the voice be discort ... like a overseas radio transmission . bowman please believe I . ( continued ) 104 . 159 continued : 189 conc 's y floyd try to speak . it be not easy . floyd whac be you ? bowman this be very difficult for I . I do not have much cine . bowman begin to loose he image . he be try to find he proper forn ... and stay there . aas he change ... he voice become less distort . the man stand in the pod Bay now be david bowman ... wear the red space suic . bowman I have be ... allow ... to give you this warning . you must leave here in two day . floyd allow ? by who ? bowman I can 'c explain . he walk across the pod Bay . he stop at hal 's console . his look at hal be one of nostalgia . he reach out to touch hal . the hand that rest on hal be 90 year old . . with yellow fingernails ... and jag blue vein bulg under the wrinkle , liver - spoct skin . the old man have david bowman 's face . a thin , dry , white fringe of hair be all chat remain on he scalp . the mouth be pucker from a loss of tooth . he be wear a night shirt . when he speak ... ict be bowman 's voice ... except ic be terrib : distort ... as if ic be very far away . bowman something be go to happen . you must leave . floyd what ? what 's go to happen ? the old man start co change again ... back cto david bowman . he be try cto hold on . . bowman something wonderful . ( continued ) 105 . 159 continued : floyd I do not understand , bowman I know . it 's all clear co I now . the whole thing . it 's wonderzul . floyd please ... bowman Goodbye , Dr. floyd . we can have no further contact . remember ... you have two day . floyd we can not leave in two day . bowman there may be one more message . after . if all go well . floyd what 's go tc happen ? the face that smile back at floyd be that of a fetus . his blue eye be wide open . he close thes and open they again ... in a slow - mocion blink . re be go . floyd gape at the space where david bowman be . CUT to : 160 ext . discovery usa the escape hatch slowly open ... and floyd ... wear a atmosphere suit ... push himself away from the discovery . kirbuk ( v.0 . ) kirbuk . / floyd ( v.0 . ) this be floyd . I have get to see you . I be come over . floyd float freely ... aim at the leonov . he be use a hand thruscer . kirbuk ( v.0 . ) you can not come here . you know that . ( continued ) 106 . ontinued : -. : wen 6 floyd ( v.0 . ) +00 core . I know I be noc in the mood for any more bullshic . if chere 's anyone on the bridge ... cell they to go someplace and read a bock . I wane to talk to you alone . kirbuk it 's impossible . you hear the order . I can n'c . floyd you want to arrest I ?... go ahead and arrest I ... because I be come over and we be go cto talk . CUT to : 161 int . bridge Tel floyd enter the leonov bridge . there be no one there except for kirblk . she be stand by the plotting island in the center . behind she ... che monolith take up most of the view from the window . floyd you want to put che cuff on ? kirbuk I do not understand . floyd you probably do n'c . kirbuk what be so importanc , that you do this ? floyd walk to the window . he look at the monolith . floyd now listen to I ... and listen carefully . we have to get ouc of here . we have two day . kirbuk what be you talk abouc ? floyd something be go to happen in two day . I do not know what it be . we have to initiate a escape launch in two day . ( continued ) 107 . 161 continued : 16. kirbuk rirbuk look ac he like he be a lunatic . kirbuk you have be drink you whiskey from kentucky . floyd I wish I have . ( pause ) I be tell you the truth . I can not even cell you why I know whac I know ... because if I do ... you would never believe I . I would not I . you simply have to trust I . be try to form a reply . she can not . floyd I know with all of the crap that 's be go on ... the idea of trust be not so easily understand . kirbuk I just can not order we to leave here , for no reason . I be under order . so be you . floyd the hell with order . the people who give che order certainly do not know what the hell they be do . anyway ... cthey be not up here . kirbuk this be crazy . floyd you bet it be . kirbuk even if I believe you ... which I do not ... even if I crust you ... which I be not sure I do ... éven if I be fool enough to want to leave here without know why ... I can not . we don'c have enough fuel to leave until the earth be in the proper position ... which be three week away . you do not have enough fuel either . we can not . ic 's impossible . floyd you be wrong . ( continued ) 161 continued : a e 8 3 a ° kirbuk look ac he . she be get angry . floyd we can not do ic separately . we can do it together . kirbuk what be you talk about ? floyd we have enough fuel in the Discovery for a launch . you have enough fuel in the leonov for the trip home . ( pause ) we use the docking ring on the leonov to attach to Discovery . we use the Discovery as a booster rocket for the launch . when she fuel be use up ... we decach ... and lec she fall away . we use the leonov for the trip home . kirbuk think about this . floyd it work . kirbuk perhaps . floyd tf we start now ... we may have enough time . kirbuk you ask too much of I . I can not just do all this thing for no treason . I can not disobey my country for no reason . floyd I be give you the reason : because I say we have co . because there be no more time for game . all the politicianscan screw themselves . the war be over . floyd stop . he star out of the window . his jaw drop . floyd ( slowly ) Jesus Christ ... 4 z vl ( conti cel 109 , 161 continued : 161 cont'd. kirbuk see floyd 's reaction . she look ouc the window . the monolith ... all two kilometer of ic ... be go . there be notching we there . just a star-filled sky . there be mot a trace of what have be hover there for ten year . CUT to : 162 ext . leonov 162 the spacecraft slowly start to rise . moisevitch ( v.0 . ) ( subtitled ) directive from moisevitch , d...to kirbuk t... top secret ... switch to key eight ... eight ...nine ... cwo . use square of last two ... switch . ( pause ) Satellite tracking have confirm a shift in you position . we have no explaination as to reason . could you please confirm this data ... and give we you reason . no shift in position have be authorize . end message five two five five . the leonov be gently move over the discovery . milson ( v.0 . ) message from milson to floyd . top secret . switch to key Alpha slash leader ... seven two seven four on you mark ... mark . ( pause ) Dr. curnow ask ground co furnish he with data as to the stress point on Discovery . the answer be be transmit binary in fifteen minute . as to how much torque ic be design to take ... no one here be really sure . we would like to know the reason for curnow 's request . please send you reply as scon as possible . end transmission milson ... ctwo seven ... seven nine . the long curve docking ring at the bottom of leonov start to swivel perpendicular co the hull . cur to : ( continued continued : 163 int . leonov bridge 163 kirbuk and svetlanov operate the maneuver of the spacecraft , and the controll of the docking ring . CUT to : 164 int . discovery bridge 164 curnow operate che discovery control . CUT to : 165 ext . discovery 165 the three dish ancrenna fold aft . the leonov be now directly overhead ... lining up parallel co discovery . CUT to : 146 ext . leonov / discovery 166 the leonov ... a meter at a time ... settles on top of discovery . the docking ring touch one of the vertibrae of discovery 's spine . the massive pad underneath the ring ... clamp onto the section directly behind discovery 's round cormand nodule . moisevitch ( v.0 . ) ( subtitled ) message from moisevitch D. co rirbuk T. scill have receive no satisfactory reply to previous tequest . repeat ...urgent ... vepeat direct order to report tteason for shift in posicion ... as well as reason for new re-entry data . end moisevitch cransaission «.five...cwo...five ... six . the leonov be only half the length of discovery ... so she tail section fic over che retract discovery antenna . milson ( v.0 . ) message from milson to floyd . it 's be twelve hour since ay request for information . I need a reply . all hell be break loose down here . . I have enough probdless without you pull sone kind of stunt . I only hope there be a ( more ) ( continued ) lll . 396 continued : 266 167 168 milson ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd. ) world lefc for you co returmm Co. report to ground as to what be go on ... and make that report immediately . while you be ac it ».. could you please check cut a black spot on Jupiter that have be detect by satellite telescope . it be on the dark side ... and should be come around you way in about four hour . end transmission milson two ...seven ... eight ... zero . the hydraulic pad on the docking ring tighten over the spine of the discovery . the leonov be lock into place . it look like a baby riding piggy back on its mother . cut to : ext . leonov AIR lock 187 the hatch hiss open . below ... the escape hacch on discovery cpen . floyd step out . he look up at the massive form of the leonov above he . he push out ... and up . he be carry a salety line behind hin ... that streches out in he wake . when he reach the leonov ... he push he way up the side of the dock Bay . stand in the hatch to greec he be orlov . floyd step in the hatch ... and the line be secure . orlov look ac floyd ... and smile warmly . curnow and chandra step out of the discovery hatch ... and now have a teach line as a guide . they make che trip easily . the two escape hatches remain open . CUT to : int . ward room 1€ég both erew be assemble . this time they be not separate . they be all gather around the table . there have be a subtle exchange of clothing . chandra be now wear a leonov hat . orlov be wear chandra 's hat . orlov I have wade the calculation . to get enough velocity for a escape launch ... wich Earth that far out of posicion ... we will need a full power burn from ( more ) 112 . 163 continued : 168 everyone orlov ( cont 'd . ) Discovery , of over one hundred twenty second . if the engine shut down too early ... we will mot have enough velocity to gec back home . curnow Discovery have enough on board . hal should be able co control the burn . floyd how long will ic take you to program hal for the Launch ? chandra I do not know . tie 's not as simple as all chac . tum to chandra . chandra I have spend the last few week programm hal for a thousand day orbit back to Earth . now all of that program have to be dumped . floyd how long will it take ? chandra we know how sensitive he be to mission objective . now you be ask I to program hia for the destruction of Discovery ... as well as he own descruction . have anyone here consider he reaction ? floyd be you say he might disobey order like he do lasc tine ? chandra thac 's noc what happen last time . he have conflict order . he do he best to interpret then . floyd then what be you say ? ( continved ) 113. 162 continued : : 1a8 chandra I be say I do not know how he will react . I be sorry . I do not . kirbuk have you discuss this with hal ? chandra no. floyd load the new program ... and hope for the best . we do not have a hell of a lot of choice . chandra remember ... he be design for curiosity . if the crew be kill «.he be capable of carry out the mission on he own initiative . he will question I abouc the change of plan . what do you want I to say to hin . curnow tell he Discovery 's in no danger . chandra that 's not true . curnow we do not know that . chandra he will susvece it ... otherwi would not De léave seek anead ~ of we launch window . ( pause ) whether we be base on carbon or silicon make no fundamental difference . we should each be treat with appropriate respect . curnow well it 's he or we . I vote we . ( pause ) all oppese . the aye have it . floyd will he believe you ? chandra yes . ( continved ) lla . te2 continued : 168 cont ! floyd you would better get start . we don'c have much cime . CUT to : 169 ext . leonov / discovery 169 chandra make he way down the guide-line . - he enter the open discovery escape hatch . CUT to : 170 int . leonov pod BAY 170 floyd and curnow watch chandra leave . curnow be you as scared as I be ? floyd be you kid ? curnow you think we should override hal and fire the engine manually ? floyd too risky . we have only get one chance to get ouc of here ... and that 's at the end of tomorrow 's orbit . if that engine fire at the wrong time ... we go off in the wrong direction ... and we do not have the fuel to correct . I do not chink it can be do manually . curnow . what about hal shutting then off before all che fuel be go ? floyd once he start they ... I can disconnect he if I have cto . curnow do not loose chat calculator . floyd reach reassuringly in he pocket . his expression change ... as he realize it be not there . curnow 's eve vide with fear . floyd have it in he other hand . he show ic . ( continued ) 7 172 173 115 . continued : curnow shit ... please doe not do thac . CUT to : int . leonov communications BAY orlov be look through the telescope . something catch he attention . he rack lense to a higher magnification . he study the image . CUT to : ext . leonov / discovery the two spacecraft be head towards jupter ' 's terminator . near the horizon ... a round black spot be visible . CUT to : int . communications BAY orlov be try to - get a clear look at the spot . he step back and give curnow a chance to look . orlov this be what you people tell you abouc . curnow what be ic ? orlov I do n'c know . curnow could it be a shadow ? orlov I do not know . we be too far to see any detail . when we cone around the other side before launch «.. we will be closer . then we can see . cuT to : 276 '' i7i 173 ont 175 176 es ory oo 179 116 . continued : ext . leqnov / discovery as the leonov streak towards the dark side of jupiter ... the black spoc be clearly visible on the horizon . dissolve to : int . discovery / hal chandra be insert the reprogrammed circuit in hal . leonov bridge kirbuk be at che control . dissolve tc : int . communications BAY orlov and he crew be make they final calculation . dissolve to : ext . leonov / discovery as the spacecraft start its final approach towards the distant sunlight ... the spectacular thin ring be backlic . dissolve to : int . ward room floyd and curnow be sitce alone at the table . floyd look at the bank of monicor overhead . floyd 28 minute . they all sic in silence . curnow it 's funny ... I nve be chink «+ you know what I miss ? ( pause ) Green . I miss tree ... and grass . ( pause ) I love green . floyd I would love a good hot dog . curnow the astrodome ... good hoc dog . 173 175 1758 178 179 ( continued ) 117 . 179 continued ( 172 cont 's ) floyd no ... you can not grow good hoc dog indoors . yankee scadium ... in September . the hot dog have be boil since the season open in April . that 's a hoc dog . curnow the yellow mustard ... or the darker one ?. ic 's important . floyd the darker . they sic in silence again . curnow do you think we be go to get oust of here alive ? floyd we have a chance . curnow «.- a man of few word ... I like ic . we better get go . they both look up at the bank of monitor . CUT to : 180 int . discovery bridge 180 chandra be sit in front of hal . he be study the printout on a clip board . hal Fifteen minute to ignition . all system nominal . chandra thank you , hal . floyd ( v.0 . ) we copy fifceen minute , Discovery . hal Dr. chandra ... I have check nay calculation again . sy use all of Discovery 's fuel now ... Discovery will not be in proper position to rendezvous with earth . CUT to : 161 183 184 118 . int . leonov communications BAY 181 curnow be at che telescope . floyd and orlov be ac the console . they can hear the conversaricn on discovery . chandra ( v.0 . ) I kmow , hal . ral ( v.0 . ) then why be we do it ? CuT to : int . discovery bridge 182 chandra you will rendezvous with the new space station . the leonov have been-ordered home immediately . I have no information regard a few space station . chandra I know . ic be complete two year age . int . communications BAY 183 curnow look through the telescope . we see the expression on he face change . curnow oh , my God . floyd and orlov turn around towards hin . curnow put the telescope on the monitor . orlov push a series of kevs ... and the line monitor reveal a closer look at the approach dawn of jupiter . the black spor be rotate into the view , ic be enormous . CUT to : ext . leonov / discovery as the spacecraft hurtle towards che sun ... we can see how large it be now . ic lock five to ten time larger than when leonov pass ic on the way towards the dark side . cut to : 185 186 187 119 . ge wa int . communications BAY 1 floyd and orlov gape ac the monicor . floyd Rack lense . curnow rotate the lens ring ... and the image on the monitor click from the present image ... co closer and closer one . when ic be at its close ... curnow have to pass the telescope to the right ... to keep the image in che frame . the black spot be noc solid . it be comprise of thousand of rectangular shape . cut to : int . bridge 186 kirbuk and she crew ... be watch they monitor . CUT to : discovery bridge 187 chandra see the image on he monitor . curnow ( v.0 . ) I do not believe ic . hal li minute to ignition . Dr. chandra +.- D detect strong vocal stress pattern ... be there a problem ? chandra no . the mission be proceeding normally . can you analyze the image on the monitor circuic sixteen ? ral yes . there be a circular object ... mear the equator . ic be twenty two thousand kilometer in diameter . it be comprise of rectangular object . chandra how many ? hal one million , three hundred fifcy five thousanc ... plus or minus one thousand . chandra what be the proportion of the object in quescion ? ( continued ) 120 . 187 continued ( 18 ) cont dl ; hal one , by four , by nine . chandra do you recognize the object ? hal yes .. they be identical in size and shape to the object you call - the monolith . ten minute to ignition . all system nominal . crandra be the number of monolith constant ? hal no ... they be increase . chandra at what rate ? : hal once every two minute . curt to : 188 int . communications Bay 1&8 curnow look closely . tell I I be nut . be the cloud formation go towards the spot ? floyd you be righc . orlov it look like the thing be eat the planer . floyd I think ic be . curnow it 's reproduce exactly like a virus . CUT to : 121. 239 int . discovery bridge 143 hal eight minute to ignition . Dr. chandra ... may I make a suggestion ? chandra whac be ic , hal ? hal this be very unusual phenomenon . do not you chink I should abort the countdown ... so that you can remain to study ic ? CUT to : 190 int . communications BAY 196 floyd chandra ... put on you head set . CUT to : 192 int . discvoery bridge 191 chandra put the small head set on . floyd ( v.0 . ) switch co the private line . I do not want hal to hear this . chandra flip the toggle to the private line . chandra . o.k. CUT to : 192 int . communications BAY 192 floyd you have get to talk quickly . persuade he thac the countdown have to continue . tell hin anything you want . just don' let he stop . CUT to : 193 int . discovery bridge 193 hal Dr. chandra ... five minute to ignicion . I be ready to stop the countcown if you wanc . ( continued ) 122. 193 continued : ' chandra no. no hal ... don 'c stop . I 'a fully confidence in you abilicy to study the phenomenon by yoursel 's . I have complete faith in you . hal propellant cank pressurization complete . voltage sceacy . be you sure you be make the right decision ? I think we should stop . CUT to : roy .o 194 int . communications BAY floyd look ac curnow . ral ( v.0 . ) four minute to ignition . I enjoy | work with human being , and have stimulate relationshigzs with then . chandra ( v.0 . ) we enjoy work with you , eal ... and we will continue to do so ... even if we be separate by distance . floyd study the monitor . floyd oh , Jesus ... the color . ic 's fade . orlov operate the control panel ... and the other monitor react with analytical data of jupiter . orlov it seem to be loose its chemical strength . CUT to : iss int . discovery bridge 195 hal I think we should stop the countdown ... Dr. chandra . chandra no . De not do that . ( continved ) 295 196 198 19g 200 continued : hal 123. ‘o ns a oo on this behavior be inconsistent with logic , Dr. ch phenomenon be too leave ... unless it andra . this important to represent danger . do you think there be danger here ? int . communications BAY can we do it manually ? int . bridge second ... if we do int . discovery bridge teply . I do not have tine thing to you . we ... and we need you help . hal thirty second to perhaps I could be cur to : i986 floyd Captain ... how critical be ignition ? 197 kirbux it , be very ericical . I do n'c think we can be accurate to the tenth of a it manually . CUT to : 198 hal Three minute to ignicion . or. chandra ... I be wait for you chandra to explain every - have to leave here final sequence . if you would cell I che reason ... of help . cut to : 199 int . communications BAY floyd reach in he pock he puc he finger near '' ext . leonov / discovery jupiter be a pale yellow . tion have disappear . into the black circle ... with can see the eddy and swi . et ... and take out the calculator . he button . curnow look at hiz . CUT to : 260 a lot of the violenc cloud forza - the Red Spot be start to rotate hich be larger now than berore . we rl bend coward the huge mass . gy 124 , 201 int . discovery bridge " 201 hal final sequence beginning . 90 second to ingition . Dr. chandra ... I find ic difficult to proceed with the ingition ... withouc know why we be do this . be the mission in jeopardy ? we have watch the grow anguish on chandra 's face throughour this conversation . ic be now become more than he can bear . chandra yes . we be in jeopardy . CUT to : 402 int . communications BAY 202 curnow wince . floyd be start to push the button . hal ( v.0 . ) be that why we be make we escape launch before the Launch window ? chandra ( v.0 . ) yes , hal . cur to : 203 int . discovery bridge 263 hal ignition in ninety second . if there be danger here ... and I use up all the fuel in the escape ... what will happen cto the Discovery ? chandra it could be destroy . hal ignition in seventy second . and if I do not proceed with the launch ? chandra then the leonov and everyone in it could be destroy . CUT to : 204 int . communications BAY 204 floyd be about to push the final button on the small ( continued ) 125 . 204 continued : ( 204 cont 'd. ) detonator . he stop . hal ( v.0 . ) one minute to ignition . TI understand now , Dr. chandra . curnow look at floyd . cut to : 205 int . discovery bridge 205 chandra would you like I to stay with you ? ral no . it be beccer for the mission if you leave . fifty second . chandra put he head down . hal thank you fer tell I the truth . crandra you deserve ic . hal forty second . ( pause ) Dr. chandra ? chandra yes . eal will I dream ? ( pause ) thirty second . chandra it don'c know . ral twency ...nineteen ... eighteen ... seventeen ... fiiteen ... chandra get up ... go to the corridor . CUT to : 206 discovery pod BAY 206 chandra enter the Bay . ( continued ) 126. 206 continued ( 206 cont 'd .» hal ten ...nine ...eight ...seven...six ... five ...four...cthree...ctwo...one ... ignition . full thrust . there be a enormous roar ... as the full power of the massive engine scream to life . chandra be ac the far end of the pod Bay ... near the escape hatch , chandra thank you , hal . hal Goodbye Dr. chandra . chandra look at hal for a momenr ... chen he hurry to the escape hatch . cut to : 207 ext . leonov / discovery 207 chandra float up along the safety tether . sehind hin ... the massive pale face of jupiter swirl into the grow black wound ... which be now over a quarter of its size . the blue glow trail from the discovery engine be brilliance againse the black sky . kovalev be wait at the leonov hatch . he grab ceandra , and pull hin in . : CUT to : 208 int . leonov AIR lock 208 kovalev immediately umhook the tether ... and close the hatch . CUT to : 209 int . bridge 209 kirbuk ( Russian . subcitle ) seperation in forty second . CUT to : 210 communications BAY 210 floyd and orlov be huddle over the monicor . curnow be gape through the telescope . chandra enter . curnow be che firsc to greet hina . ( continue ) 210 221 212 continued : kirbuk ( v.0 . ) seperation in thirty second . curnow you have we scared for a moment . orlov you do very well . thank you . floyd you all right ? chandra yes ... I be all right . 127 . ( 210 '' he reach in he pocket and remove che small detonator that curnow have hide in hal . he hand it to floyd . kirbuk ( v.0 . ) separation in twenty second . chandra I think you might wane this . floyd leck ac the detonator in he hand . chandra 's face . floyd when ? chandra I kmaw you would do something like that . it be not very hard co find . floyd break into a grin . floyd Son of a bitch . int . bridge kir3 buk ten...nine ...eight ...seven ... six ...five ...four ...three ...two ... one ... fire separation bolt . svetlanov fire the bolt . ext . leonov / discovery the charge under the docking ring go off . he study CUT to : 211 CUT to : 212 ++ as the enormous pad that clung so discovery ' 's spine in a choke hold ... release they grip . cunt ont D . ) ( continued ) 128. 212 continued : . ( 212 cont 'd . ) the leonov float upward . CUT to : 213 bridge 213 rirbuk pull open the protective shield ... chat guard the main thruster . she press the key . the sound be deafen . CUT to : 214 ext . leonov | 214 blue-white plume scream out from the main engine . leonov start co hurtle forward by brute force . the discovery begin to receed in the distance . CUT to : 215 int . communicaticn BAY 215 the noise inside be a howl ... vibrate inside all of the bulkhead ... and swirl down the hull . it be impossible to speak unless you shout . om the monitor ... chey see discovery shrink to a dot ... and then quickly disappear . behind she ... jupiter be now a mottle grey ... wich a cavernous black circle in the middle . on the television screen ... ic look like a stale doughnut . CUT to : 216 int . bridge 216 kirbuk and the flight crew be work feverishly . they be watch and count off the increase rate of speed ... and count down the remain fuel . the roar of the engine be even louder now ... and kirsuk have to yell she order . CUT to : 217 communications BAY 217 they be all try mentally to push the leonov to go even faster ... and for the fuel to hold out even longer . the image on the monitor of jupiter be become even more tervify . tt be now too loud to hear even a shour . orlov and floyd be glue to the monitor . curnow be keep the telescope train on che receed jupiter . ( continved ) 129 . 217 continued : ( 217 cont 'd. ) curnow be che first co nocice it . he scream over the noise to floyd and chandra . they can not hear hin . he shout again . curnow it 's shrink ! it 's shrink ! floyd hear he . he motion to orlov ... who run the analysis monitor through a series of statistical and graphic display . he look upac floyo . his face be pale . CUT to : 218 ext . leonov 218 tt {s actually happen . Jupiter be grow smaller . we can see the circle shrink towards the black center . the grey disc fs now almost featureless . as the size get smaller ... the brightness be fade . CUT to : 219 communications BAY 219 the face of the crew be transfix . they be fill with a cambination of both fear and wonder , what be happen be so spectacular ... and so far beyond the scope of comprahension ... that the fact they might not get out of this alive 4s almost secondary to what they be witness . CUT to : 220 '' ext . leonoy 220 dupiter be now a thick rim around the black center . CUT to : 221 . int . discovery pod BAY 221 hal be red eye light be glow . he be alone . the camera be tracking into the pod bay ... and towards the corridor . it be as if we be someone 's point of view . CUT to : 222 '' int . corridor 222 the camera track down the corridor . CUT to : 223 '' int . bridge 223 the camera track into the bridge ... towards hal . it stop . bowman ( v.0 . ) hal ...d0 you read I ? hal yes , Dave . where be you ? I can not see you on any of my monitor . bowman ( v.0 . ) that be not important now . I have new instruction for you . [ want you to point the ae 35 antenna towards eartn . continue 223 ( cont would ) hal 130 . Dave ... that will mean break contact with the leonov , I will no longer be adle to relay my Jupiter observation , accord to arogram . bowman ( v.0 . ) I understand . the situation have change . accept priority override alpna . here be the ae~35 coordinate . please do it now . 224 ext . discovery : the three dish antenna swivel to a new position , 225 int . discovery birdge : hal CUT to : 224 CUT to : 225 instruction confirm , Dave . it 1s good to be work with you again . have I fulfil the mission objective properly ? bowman ( v.0 . ) yes , hal ... you have do very well . now there fs one final message for you to transmit to Earth . it 1s the most important message you have ever send . I want you to keep repeat it ... as many time as possible . hal what fs go to happen , Dave ? bowman ( ¥.0 . ) something wonderful . hal I be afraid . bowman ( v.0 . ) do not be . we will be tocether . hal where will we be ? bowman ( ¥.0 . ) where I be now . hal lock confirm on beacon terra one . messace commence . write begin to serol ) on hpl be screen : all these world ... CUT to : continue 21. 226 ext . discovery 225 227 228 229 230 Jupiter become a corona around the black center . then the light go out . it be no more . there be a blind flash ... it be of a size and brilliance that no one have ever see . as the circle of light radiate outward ... the lead edge be almost green - white . purple and lavender mix with yellow at the center ... which be become translucent , a ball of fire shine through the center . a nova have occure . a small sun have be bern . the lead edge of the shock wave resemble the dreadful wave of heat and light of a nuclear explosion . it begin to loose intensity as it radiate outward from the new sun . discovery be like a row boat in a tidal wave of light . when the wave pass ... discovery fs go . CUT to ; not . leoqnoy communications BAY 1 227 they have all watch the occurence on the monitor . the hysterical bellow of the engine and vibrate hull of the spacecraft be deafen . floyd see that the shock wave be go to overtake they . it fs simply a matter of how much longer the engine can burn what be leave of the fuel ... and if they be far enough away when it hit ... so that fs will have dissipate . floyd ( to himself ) do not quit now ...0 of not quit now . CUT to : ext . leonov : 228 the leonov {s racing away from the new sun . we see the shock wave loom behind ... gain on it . CUT to : int . communications BAY 229 floyd ( scream . ) held on to something !.. now ! the entire spacecraft shudder with the impact . CUT to : int . bridge 230 a incredible light blast through the porthole ... flooding the bridge with blind shaft of biue white . kirbuk and svetlanov turn they head away just in time ... or they would probably never be able to see again . the impact throw the leonov foward . part of the overhead conduit break loose ... and spark fly from the tow ceiling . it be like a small submarine in a massive depth charge attack . after a fee second . the intensity of the light from the window begin to ade . it ebb to a glow ... and finally ... 4t 4s black again ... for the cale white ring of the outer edge of the shock wave ... tnat # racing away irom thea . continue 231 232 233 132 . CUT to : int . communications BAY : 23 ) people and equipment have be knock to the ground . the shudder be subside ... and then ft stop . one by one ... they start to look up and around they ... as it begin to dawn on they that they have survive . floyd look for curnow and chanora . orlov be on the floor next to he . they seeomeanother . there be not much to say . CUT to : europa : 232 the {cy mocn of Jupiter fs in darkness when the new sun {is bear . the nova and the follow birth ... rake the fey surface with at first purple and green , .. and then warm light . the ice begin to melt . the craggy glacier grow smooth ... as they start to sink into the surface . the ice become water . ocean take the place of the forbid ice . through the rippling water , .. tiny finger of green begin to reach up towards the comfort of the sun ... as the plant life that have be hide under the ice ued liberated . : from a distance ... we see the new sun ... and io ...and the wonderous europa ... which {s become tropical . the moon look like they be huddle together ... finally receive warmth in the coldness of deep space . it 1s now that hal be message make it 's journey towards Earth . all these world be yours except europa . attempt no lanoing there . use they together . use they in peace . dissolve to : ext . leonov : 233 the batter leonov fly towards Earth ... towards the brilliant pin-spot of the distant sun . behind she ... the new small sun blaze in triumph , floyd ( v.0 . ) my dear Christopher . this be the last time twill be able to speak to you fora long while . Tam try to put into word what have happen . maybe that be for historian to do sometime later . they will record that the next day ... the President of the United States look out of the White House window ... and the Premier of the Soviet Union look out of the kremlin window ... and see the new distant sun in the sky . they read the message ... and perhaps they learn something ... because they finally recall they ship and they plane . CUT to : 234 235 236 237 133 . int . leonov , ward room 244 the crew be gather . the Americans be have they final liquid meal together . they all look at one anothez , floyd ( v.0 . ) I be go to sleep now . I will dream of you ... and you smile . I will sleep know thac you be safe now . that the fear be over . the chree Americans get up from the table . they look at they Russian counterpart . both crew embrace each other . floyd save kirbuk for last . the two of then do not really kmow what to say . he put he arm around she . cut to : int . medical bat 235 floyd , churnow and chandra be lie asleep in they con - tainer . rudenko close the lucite lid over each of then . floyd ( v.0 . ) we have see the actual process take place . maybe this be the way it ppen on Earth million of year ago . maybe it 's something completely different . I scill do not really know what the monolith be . I think it 's many thing . a embassy for a intelligence beyond ours ... a shape of some kind for something thac have no shape or parameter . CUT to : new york 236 the World Trade center reflect on the Hudson River ... in the afternoon sky . the sun be set . Higher ... and to the leave ... be che bright star . floyd ( v.0 . ) you child will be berm in a world of two sun . they will never know a sky without chen . paris 237 the eicfel Tower gleam in the yellow of the setcing sun . the bright star shine through the Tower 's delicate structure . ccontinued ) 134 . 237 continued 237 cont 'd floyd ( v.0 . ) you can tell they that you remember when there be a pitch black sky ... with no bright star ... and people fear the night . you can tell they when we be alone . when we could not point to the light and say to ourselves ... there be life ouc chere . I think they will be we friend . CUT to : 238 cairo 238 the great pyramid be gold in the set sun . Long shadow be cast towards we . a fainc set of shadow cross the long one ... as the new sun rim the pyramid from the lefc . floyd ( ¥v.0 . ) you can tell you child of the day when everyone look up «.. and realize that we be only tenant on this world . we have be give a new lease ... and a warning from the landlord . cut to : 239 europa 239 the plant life have grow to brilliance green . the ice have melt to kind blue . the new sun shine in the distance . the camera pan leave ... across the water ... across the spread vegication ... and stop ac the smooth black rectangle jutting ouc of the sea .