2012 written by roland emmerich &amp ; harald kloser second draft February 19th , 2008 over black we listen to the immortal music of mozart 's adagio of the clarinet concerto in a . fade up ext . the solar system Space , infinite and empty . but then , slowly all nine planet of we solar system move into frame and align . the last of they be the giant , burn sphere of the sun . just as the sun enter frame , a solar storm of gigantic proportion unfold . the eruption shoot thousand of mile into the blackness of space . fade to black 2009 fade up ext . country side / india - sunset mozart 's concerto filter from a jeep 's stereo , fight the drum sound of the monsoon rain . prof . frederic west , 66 , listen to the music . a indian boy play by the roadside steer he wooden toy ship across a puddle . the Professor turn to he driver , point to the boy . prof . west watch out ! but it 's too late . the jeep drive straight through the puddle at full speed , sink the boy 's toy ship . in the background , the jeep stop in front of a building . the driver jump out , lead the Professor towards its entrance . the sign at the door read : ` Institute for astrophysics - University of New Delhi ' . 2 . int . naga - deng mine / india - sunset a endless mine shaft . a old elevator cage come to a grind halt . when prof . West step out we see that he be accompany now by a nervous dr . satnam tsurutani , 32 . prof . west how deep be we ? satnam 8200 foot . use to be a old copper mine , Professor , sir . as prof . West follow satnam , he take in the unusual set for this science lab . prof . west helmsley tell I that the neutrino count double during the last sun eruption . satnam correct , sir . but that be not what worry I ... they enter a large room with low hang ceiling . a small group of white coat look up from they computer , which all show image of the solar storm we witness earlier . satnam ( cont 'd ) there be a new solar storm , so strong that the physical reaction get even more severe . prof . west how can that be ? satnam we do not know , Professor , sir . satnam walk over into another room . there he open a hatch on the floor and hot steam rise . satnam ( cont 'd ) the neutrino suddenly act like ... microwave . prof . West slowly step closer . when he discover that the water in the tank below be boil , he face go pale . CUT to : 3. ext . large terrace / WASHINGTON D.C. - evening a major fund raise party be under way . the set be spectacular . a terrace overlook the Washington mall and the Capitol Building . adrian helmsley , 32 , stand with a group of young political aide . he be the only African - american among they . one of the aide spot carl anheuser , 58 , White House Chief of staff , work the crowd . political aid # 1 look at anheuser . anyone would think he be President . do you hear , he want we to sign in and out like school boy ? adrian I still can not believe that Wilson choose he of all people to run the White House . political aid # 2 why not ? anheuser own the Senate and the Congress . adrian shame he 's such a pompous ass . anheuser ( o.s. ) somebody mention my name ? adrian turn to see anheuser smile . adrian ( shocked ) yes sir ... no , sir . anheuser which one be it ? adrian we be talk about what a great speech you give tonight . well do , sir . anheuser it 's helmsley , right ? I will remember that . anheuser walk away with a dangerous smile . political aid # 2 that guy scare the shit out of I . at that moment adrian 's cell phone ring . ( continued ) 4. adrian ( into the phone ) Professor West ? prof . west ( o.s. ) I have be try to reach you ! int . live room / satnam' house - night prof . West be on the phone . in the background we make out satnam 's family around the dining room table . prof . west listen , adrian . the situation be much worse than we think ... satnam quiet he little son . it be the boy we see earlier with he toy ship . int . hallway / white house - day adrian follow anheuser through a hallway of the White House , papers in hand . adrian Sir , the President need to know this . anheuser helmsley , how long have you be on the job as science advisor ? adrian four month this week . anheuser I would say that 's enough time to learn that we have rule here . you will just have to wait until the quarterly science briefing . adrian if this be about what I say last night , I be truly sorry , sir . anheuser so you do not like my speech ? exasperate , adrian hold out the papers to he . adrian can you please have a look at this , sir ? it 's really important . ( continued ) 5 . finally , anheuser rip the papers out of he hand and start to walk away , read . suddenly he slow down . anheuser who write this ? adrian a indian astrophysicist I graduate with from Harvard and prof . West , the preeminent geologist in the US . anheuser who else know about it ? adrian no one , sir . anheuser let 's keep it that way , helmsley . anheuser walk away . fade to black 2010 fade up ext . seville / spain - day g8 summit . riot police control the unruly crowd with water cannon . we see protester with anti globalization sign behind a fence . a convoy of limousine be approach a historic building . int . big hall / alhambra - day we follow the american delegation into the conference room , where the other g8 delegation be seat around a enormous table . the President of the United States , thomas f. wilson , 56 , do not sit down . he address the room and everybody go quiet . president wilson ( o.s. ) good Morning ... for the first time we see the President 's face . he be african- american . ( continued ) 6 . president wilson ( cont 'd ) I hereby present a motion to meet privately with my seven fellow head of State , kindly exclude the rest of the delegate . a murmur erupt . the Russian President sergey makarenko , 62 , whisper to one of he interpreter . russian interpreter Mr. makarenko wish to have he interpreter present . President Wilson look over to the Russian colleague . president wilson Mr. President , judge from the conversation we have have in the past , I can assure you , you English be absolutely fine , for what I have to say . as the Russian President wave he interpreter away , all the international delegate leave as well . the huge door of the hall close . a secret service officer in the sound booth switch off the recording equipment to the chamber . the President gather himself . president wilson ( cont 'd ) six month ago I be make aware of a situation so devastating , that at first , I refuse to believe it . ( pause ) however through the concerted effort of the brightest scientist of several nation , we have now confirm its validity . Dead silence . president wilson ( cont 'd ) the world as we know it , will soon come to a end . CUT to : ext . cho ming valley / tibet - dawn a huge chinese military helicopter blast through a majestic mountain valley in tibet . we be at the top of the world . ( continued ) 7. a chinese colonel , wear dark sun glass , watch from the chopper as the army force the evacuation of the village and monastery . voice ( o.s. ) ( in chinese ) you will have new house , electricity and run water ... ext . village / tibet - day someone speak on a megaphone in the village square as villager be evict by soldier and herde into truck . voice ( o.s. ) ... some among you will even have the chance to work for the glorious people 's Republic of China building the biggest dam project in the world ... neng pang , a young monk , 18 , be load into a truck together with he parent , both in they 60' . ext . school / tibet - day neng 's older brother , lin pang , 25 , be part of a huge crowd of young man and woman stay behind by a tibetan school building . he turn and yell after the truck . lin I will send you money mother . the Colonel with the dark glass step up , address the mass . colonel who can read and write ? eager hand fly up in the air . a official make note . colonel ( cont 'd ) who can weld ? lin 's hand shoot up in the air . we hear a siren echoing through the mountain and suddenly a explosion . lin turn . in the background , a series of explosion punch enormous hole into the side of the mountain , shower rock everywhere . fade to black ( continued ) 8. 2011 fade up int . dorchester HOTEL / london - day a man in a dark suit walk through a hallway of the dorchester look like you typical MI - 6 agent . the decor be plush and luxurious . he 's stop by two security man who frisk he . int . presidential suite / dorchester HOTEL - day heavily ringed finger flip through a folder . mi-6 officer ( o.s. ) have he highness have the opportunity to study the dossier ? a saudi prince look up and nod without expression . saudi prince you must understand I have a very big family . mister ... mi-6 officer isaac . saudi prince mister isaac , one billion dollar be a lot of money . mi-6 officer I be afraid the amount be in euros , you highness . CUT to : int . louvre / paris - night a group of dark figure in overall walk past famous Renaissance painting . they stop at the mona Lisa . manfred picard , 63 , head of the french National museum , stand by LAURA , a young African - american woman in she late 20' . they observe the specialist open the case of the famous painting . a whoosh of air as the vacuum seal break . manfred picard Laura , I be put a lot of trust in you people . ( continued ) 9 . Laura answer in almost perfect french . LAURA there be too many crazy people who could hurt she , manfre . the World Heritage Foundation have do this all over the world . in the background the mona Lisa be take off the wall and replace with a perfect replica . picard still look uneasy . he watch as the real mona Lisa be seal into a airtight case . manfred picard and she will be safe now ? tucked away in the swiss alp ? LAURA perfectly safe . picard look suspicious but say nothing . the camera move in on the face of the fake mona Lisa until all we see be she mysterious smile . fade to black 2012 fade up fuzzy tv image : lifeless body encircle a huge fire pit . they resemble the ray of the sun . in the background we see the famous step pyramid of tikal . newscaster ( o.s. ) ... the mass suicide be discover by a BBC documentary crew in the ancient mayan city of tikal ... many of the dead be woman and child look peaceful and be surround by colorful flower . newscaster ( cont 'd ) ... the victim be say to have adhere to the mayan- quiche calender which predict the end of time to occur on the 21st of December this year , due to the sun 's destructive force ... the camera slowly pull out and we be in -- 10 . int . jackson' apartment / los angele - early morning a shabby apartment in silverlake . the tv be on . newscaster ( o.s. ) ... strangely enough , scientific record do support the fact that we be head for the biggest solar climax in record history ... a small tremor rock the apartment and the dishevel face of jackson curtis , 33 , pop up from behind the couch . he fall asleep at he laptop last night . jackson oh no . not again . one look at he watch and he be off run . he throw some clothes and a toothbrush in a bag . his cell phone ring . jackson ( cont 'd ) hello ?... what do you mean ? I be not late . it 's not even 10:30 ... Jackson turn off the tv and dart towards the door , stop only to slide he laptop into a knapsack . as he turn , he stumble over a stack of book , all shrink - wrap and identically title : ` farewell atlantis ' . jackson ( cont 'd ) damn it ! ( into the phone ) kate , I be on my way ... for god 's sake ... frustrate , he kick they out of he way and exit . we hold on the book and realize that Jackson 's photograph be on they back cover . ext . jackson' garage / los angele - early morning the phone call continue as Jackson open the garage door , struggle to pack he old suv with camp equipment . jackson they be kid , kate , go on vacation . it 's not a doctor 's appointment ... it 's suppose to be fun . you remember that , right ? fun ? he try to start the engine , but the battery be dead . frustrate , he hit the steering wheel . 11 . ext . jackson' STREET / los angele - early morning Jackson run across the street with he camp equipment , throw it into the trunk of a stretch limo park by the curb . jackson ... I know it 's mosquito season at Yellowstone , kate . I will pick some up on the way . he notice a deep crack in the asphalt . his neighbor , a elderly couple , stand there and stare at it . neighbor merrill , we should move back to Wisconsin . Jackson get into the limo and speed off . int . street / los angele - early morning Jackson drive through LA with the radio on . radio host ( o.s. ) ... that shake - proof coffee mug be a genius idea , and they just show the true nature of we Californians . we pass a family frantically load box into a van . radio host ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we will not bow to little inconvenience like this so call vmini-quake ' ... Jackson pass a man in a wheelchair . he 's hold up a cardboard sign : ` repent - the end be near ' . ext . kate house / los angele - morning Jackson stop and honk in front of a upscale westwood home . radio host ( o.s. ) ... if you have a funny `mini-quake ' story you wanna share , call Lisa &amp ; Randy at 1-800 ... Jackson switch the radio off . two kid noah , 10 , and lilly , 7 , come run down the driveway . they slow down , as they see the limo . noah Jackson , what be this ? ( continued ) 12 . jackson do not call I Jackson , noah , I be you father . lilly yell from inside the limo . lilly ( o.s. ) noah ! look ! daddy 's get Space -buster in the car ... and Space -buster 2 . awesome ! they mother , kate curtis , 32 , a beautiful woman appear . kate so what , you be a chauffeur now ? what happen to the temp work ? jackson this be better hour for I . means I can still write . kate of course . kate 's new boyfriend , gordon silberman , 43 , pull out of the garage in he porsche wear he bluetooth . gordon ( on the phone ) Simone , how many time have I tell you , we do not do lipo on Fridays . it 's too messy . Jackson smile bitterly . Gordon wave at the kid . gordon ( cont 'd ) have fun guy . and watch out for that bear . ( to Jackson ) Nice car . Jackson wave grudgingly as Gordon pull away . kate noah need to read twenty page from he book each day ... she follow Jackson to the car with a bag of pull - up diaper . kate ( cont 'd ) ... and lilly have to put this on , before she go to sleep . jackson still ? ( continued ) 13 . he shut the trunk and get back behind the wheel . she look at he seriously . kate Jackson , they have be really look forward to this you know . do not let they down . he nod as the car pull away . CUT to : ext . ship deck / san francisco harbor - day harry helmsley , 73 , and he partner tony delgado , 68 , board a enormous cruise ship , the ` freedom of the Seas ' . Harry be African - american , tony be italian . he carry a large case . they pass a poster : ` Jazz night with Harry helmsley &amp ; tony delgado ' . harry so this time we will hit the jap . tony so what ? harry well tony , electronics be cheap there and ... you could visit you boy will . tony afternoon lady ... tony shoot a charmer smile at a couple of older single lady on sun lounger . they smile back coyly . harry be you even listen to I ? tony yes unfortunately I be Harry . harry I hear from audrey you be a grandpa now . tony why do not you keep you nose out of my family . you be cramping my style . harry he marry a japanese girl - how be that the end of the world ? you should at least go see he . ( continued ) 14 . tony why ? do you see you boy ? harry not as much as I would like . DC be a long way . but at least we talk . tony what about ? harry life , how short it be ... suddenly they be throw off balance by a large swell that pull the massive ` freedom of the Seas ' away from the landing , about ten yard . the next moment , the ship slam back against the dock with a earthshake boom . tony what the hell be that ? a murmur go through the crowd . luckily nobody be injure . CUT to : int . laura' bedroom /d.c . - early morning the phone ring twice before Laura switch on a light . we catch a glimpse of a frame photo of she and adrian . she answer the phone . manfred picard ( o.s. ) Laura ? they lie to we . LAURA manfre be that you ? ext . street / paris - night picard be speed in he peugeot , anxiously check he rear view mirror . manfred picard I have my suspicion . I should have say something . they be follow I . LAURA ( o.s. ) who be ? manfred picard they may be listen to we too . Laura the Heritage Foundation be a sham . ( continued ) 15 . picard 's car approach a tunnel . LAURA ( o.s. ) what ? manfred the art you collect , it 's not in the alp . the peugeot enter a tunnel . LAURA ( o.s. ) then where be it ? a huge blast rip through the tunnel as he car explode . smash CUT to : ext . road / yellowstone national park - day jackson and lilly ( sing along to the radio ) ` we all live in a yellow submarine ... ' they be drive through the glorious landscape of Yellowstone National Park . noah sit in the back with headphone on play Space -buster 2 . as they pass over a ridge , the music station be overpower by a talk show filter through . we hear a raspy and excitable voice . radio host ... after what be go on in la-la - land with all that surface crack , I tell myself : get you stupid ass to Yellowstone . I do not want to miss all the great fun , when it finally blow ... lilly reach for the dial of the radio . lilly what happen to the music ? jackson hang on , sweet pea , let daddy listen to this for a moment ... Jackson correct the dial to get better reception . radio host ... there 's be government people fly in and out all morning . and trust I , they do not look happy ... ( continued ) 16 . a huge black helicopter brushes over the limo . radio host ( cont 'd ) ... folk , always remember , you hear it first from Charlie . they watch in awe as the chopper disappear behind a ridge . CUT to : int . oval office / white house - morning Laura burst in and head straight for the tv . the President look up from he desk . LAURA you have to see this . Sally the President 's Secretary enter , flustered . president wilson it 's alright Sally . Sally close the door as Laura turn up the tv . CNN anchor ... Mr. picard have be the director of the french National museum for 24 year . as fate would have it he assassination take place in the same Paris tunnel where princess diana die in 1997 . the President come around he desk . Laura look at he distraught . LAURA I just talk to he , dad . he tell I the world Heritage Foundation be a sham . be that true ? the President shoot a anxious look across the room . Laura turn and suddenly realize that adrian be stand in the corner . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you know too ? you sleep with I and you do not say anything ? adrian look ashamed . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I can not even look at you . either of you ! ( continued ) 17 . president wilson honey , calm down . LAURA a man be kill ! I want the truth dad . right now . CUT to : ext . forest trail / yellowstone national park - day a dense forest trail . we hear lilly before we see she . lilly ( o.s. ) daddy , where be we go ? jackson to a very special place , lil'bee . it 's a lake . a place where mommy and daddy fall in love . ( winking to noah ) remember the book I give you ? noah I do not want to know where you and mom have sex . I be not ready for that , Jackson . jackson I be you dad , noah . lilly ( o.s. ) daddy ! Jackson run to catch up with lilly who have reach a fence with a `keep out ' sign post . jackson this be not here before . Jackson start to climb the fence . noah do not you see the sign ? jackson it 's fine guy . ext . ridge / yellowstone national park - day Jackson and he kid crest a ridge . they look down on a parched basin with crack terrain . ( continued ) 18 . jackson it 's go . the whole darn lake be go . I swear you guy there be a lake here . the kid roll they eye . ext . empty lake bed / yellowstone national park - day a puddle of water be all that remain of the lake . Jackson and the kid walk into the basin , unaware of be watch through binoculars . Jackson spot a electronic measure device and crouch to have a closer look . elsewhere in the lake bed , we see sand seeping through crack in the ground . noah ( o.s. ) Jackson ! when he look up , he see heavily armed soldier come towards they from all side . jackson it 's okay , noh ' . through the binoculars , we see Jackson and he kid arrest and lead over a ridge . with this we reveal a enormous research facility with hundred of tent and vehicle surround a massive drilling tower . ext . research facility / yellowstone national park - day adrian helmsley and prof . West exit the drilling tower , both study papers . adrian notice Jackson and he kid nearby , be interrogate by a officer . adrian I will be with you in a second , Professor . adrian walk towards they . Jackson stare at the officer with defiance . officer ... and then you climb over a post fence ? just like that ? noah I tell you . ( continued ) 19 . jackson be not this suppose to be a National Park ? there should not be fence . what be you guy do around here anyway ? adrian ( o.s. ) we be geologist ... Jackson turn and see adrian stand there . adrian ( cont 'd ) I will handle this officer . thank you . the officer reluctantly hand he Jackson 's license . jackson so , where do the lake go ? adrian that 's what we be try to find out . we think this whole area have become potentially unstable . I would advise you to take you kid and leave , Mr ... he throw a look at Jackson 's driver license . adrian ( cont 'd ) ... curtis . he look up at Jackson with renew interest . adrian ( cont 'd ) be you by any chance the Jackson curtis , the author of ` farewell atlantis ' ? jackson ( surprised ) yeah , that 's I . Jackson straighten up proudly . lilly smile . adrian what a coincidence . I be read you book , as we speak ... first third , around day 300 , when the shuttle lose communication with earth and drift off into space . jackson you be one of lucky 422 who buy it . adrian actually I do not buy it . my father give it to I . ( continued ) 20 . jackson oh , I see . prof . West wave at adrian from one of the container lab . adrian hand back Jackson he driver license . adrian Officer , can you return they to the campground , please . ( to Jackson ) pleasure to meet you , Mr. curtis . Jackson and he kid look after adrian hurry away . lilly he be very nice . jackson yes he be , lil'bee . ext . forest trail / yellowstone national park - later Jackson and the kid walk back to the campground when suddenly charlie frost , 62 , a crazy look guy with binocular around he neck , stand in they way . charlie frost what do the government guy tell you ? Jackson look at he , instinctively pick up lilly . jackson they think it 's not such a good idea to climb over they fence . they feel the area be unstable . Charlie burst out laugh . charlie frost unstable ! ha-ha ! they say its unstable ! that 's funny ... with this he turn around and leave . ext . tent / yellowstone national park - dusk Jackson be sit on a camp chair , right outside the tent . he 's on he laptop , look enquiringly at a aerial picture of Yellowstone on Google earth . in the background we see the kid be in the tent . ( continued ) 21 . noah there be mosquito in here . do anybody spray the tent ? Jackson look up , remember he forget the spray . jackson we will get some of that tomorrow . for tonight just put you head under the blankie . lilly daddy you say you be not gonna work on you book . jackson I be not honey , I promise . be you wear you pull -up ? lilly nod as Jackson walk over and tuck she into bed . he kiss she good night . he turn and be surprised to see noah type a text on he cell phone . jackson ( cont 'd ) do mommy buy you that ? noah no ... Gordon give it to I for my birthday . Jackson take the phone from out of noah 's hand . jackson noah . thing like a cell phone have to be discuss in the family . noah ( bitter ) what family ? Jackson read the message noah have type ` hey Gordon , camp suck ! ' . hurt , Jackson hand back the phone . jackson go to sleep guy . ext . research facility / yellowstone national park - dusk commotion . the base pack up . adrian and prof . West duck low as they board a chopper . adrian be on the phone . adrian ... you have to immediately inform the President , Mr anheuser . the reading look much worse than I expect . ( more ) ( continued ) 22 . adrian ( cont 'd ) plus satnam 's neutrino figure from India confirm ... we hear anheuser , yell . anheuser ( o.s. ) ... but you guy say ... adrian we be wrong ! by five or six month ... a second later the chopper lift off . int . limo / yellowstone national park - dusk Jackson have he laptop open with the cursor blink away on the word ` chapter Seven ' . but he can not concentrate on write after what noah have say . a chopper fly overhead . Jackson follow it 's path over the campsite and he eye fall on a american flag flutter on top of a massive radio antennae . this belong to a rv truck . through the rv 's window , Jackson see the silhouette of Charlie frost , the guy with the binocular , speak into a microphone . curious , Jackson flick on the radio and twist the dial . on the radio ( Charlie 's voice ) ... we have a listener call in . Bill from cooke City , you be on the Charlie frost show . ( Bill 's voice ) I want to know , where will this all start ? Jackson be intrigue . he put he laptop down . on the radio ( cont 'd ) ( Charlie 's voice ) well , something like this could only originate in Hollywood , ha- ha ! but seriously , they have get the earth crack under they ass already , Bill . Jackson climb out of he car and start towards the rv . he can still hear the radio . on the radio ( cont 'd ) ( Bill 's voice ) we family believe in the gospel of we Lord Jesus . ( more ) ( continued ) 23 . on the radio ( cont 'd ) we have nothing to fear , Charlie . ( Charlie 's voice ) good for you Bill , good for you ! int . charlie' rv / yellowstone national park - dusk Charlie hit a switch . Music start play . the Doors , ` the end ' . charlie frost ... this be Charlie frost report live from Yellowstone National Park , soon to become the world 's large active volcano . Charlie be about to take a bite of he sandwich , when there 's a knock on the door . Jackson stick he head in . jackson hi. mind if I join you ? charlie frost I only get a few minute . Charlie bite into he sandwich as Jackson look around at all the equipment . jackson I just hear part of you broadcast ... mind I ask a question ? what exactly be it ... that will start in Hollywood ? charlie frost ( chewing ) actually it 's gonna be the whole west coast ... jackson what be you talk about ? charlie frost the apocalypse , the end of day . the mayan know it , the I ching and the Bible , kind of ... Charlie look at he watch . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) I get to eat ... just check my blog . you can download it for free . Charlie click on he laptop . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) ... however , we do take donation . ( continued ) 24 . a crudely animated film start to play . Charlie narrate on screen in a overly dramatic fashion . charlie' voice in the year 2012 a cataclysmic event will unfold . cause by a alignment of the planet in we solar system that only happen every 640,000 year ... just imagine the earth as a Orange ... Charlie appear as a animated figure hold a orange . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) ... we sun will begin to emit such extreme amount of radiation , that the core of the earth will melt - that 's the inside part of the Orange , leave the crust of we planet free to shift . on screen the middle of the orange shrink , now the skin move freely around it . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) in 1958 , Prof. hapgood name it ` Earth Crust displacement ' ... a fade portrait of a scientist appear on screen . charlie frost ... and Albert Einstein endorse it ... the infamous photo of Einstein , stick out he tongue . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) the force of mother nature will be so devastating it will bring a end to this world on winter solstice 12- 21 - 12 . the film end with a image of the whole earth cover with water . Charlie shut the laptop . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) pretty neat , huh ? it 's a big hit on YouTube . I do the animation myself . ( pause ) I know what you be think . but all the government know about this . jackson if they all know , do not you think somebody would tell we ? ( continued ) 25 . charlie frost they can not . just think about it . first the stockmarket would crash ... Charlie open a can of beer . phsssh ! charlie frost ( cont 'd ) then the economy ... boom . the dollar ... boom . and then the people in the street ... ( mimick gun fire ) boom , boom ! pandemonium , revolution , war ! they would never tell we . beer ? Jackson shake he head still struggle to digest this . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) only if you be some Sheik , Bill Gates , or maybe one of that Russian billionaire do you stand a chance to buy a seat . jackson a seat ? charlie frost ( intensely ) they be building spaceship , man . jackson oh ... I see . charlie frost no really ... one of my listener , a geography professor at utsc , have even figure out where they be building they . he send I a map . jackson well ... Charlie , I think I gotta go . my kid be sleep . Charlie look at he bug eye . charlie frost get they out of Yellowstone , man . it 's gonna get ugly here . jackson night , Charlie . as Jackson exit , Charlie get back on the air . ( continued ) 26 . charlie frost sorry for the delay , folk . but even in time like this , a man have get to eat ... CUT to : ext . parking lot of supermarket / los angele - night westwood . the parking lot of gelson 's be nearly empty . eerie silence . suddenly some of the car begin to shift in place from a unseen force . a small crack crease the asphalt and slowly crawl towards the brightly light supermarket . int . between aisle / supermarket - night muzak be play . kate and she boyfriend Gordon be shopping late . she pick up some pull - up for lilly , Gordon step up behind she , wrapping he arm around she waist . gordon why do not we make a baby ? he reach up and touch she breast . kate stop it ! we be in public . Gordon let go of she with mock disappointment . gordon honey , I create they . and now suddenly I can not touch they ? kate push he away and move on . a few customer be pay at the checkout stand . behind they : huge glass window reveal car slowly slide into the ever widen crack in the parking lot . nobody inside notice . Gordon catch up with kate . gordon ( cont 'd ) you always act strange after he show up ? kate just because I do not care for you arrogant humor do not mean I be act strange . he be the father of my kid . ( continued ) 27 . gordon maybe biologically . can I remind you what that guy do ? first you give up mo school to have noah ... then you practically raise he and lilly by yourself while he sit glue to a laptop write that junk . kate some of he stuff be actually ... he 's publish Gordon . gordon ( mockingly ) yeah , publish ! you know you mother be right . you have always be draw to guy with lofty dream and empty pocket . but not this time right , sweetheart ? kate smile awkwardly and pick up a can of soup . the shelf in front of she shake for a moment . kate do you see that ? gordon see what ? kate slowly put the can of soup into she cart and look around . Gordon sense a problem between they . gordon ( cont 'd ) you know kate , we have to keep work at this ... we relationship . because I will not end up be just a re-run of you and Jackson . ( pause ) I mean honey , I feel like ... something be pull we apart ? before Gordon finish he sentence -- a violent roar ! from front to back , the entire supermarket rip open right between kate and Gordon . the few customer scream in horror at the sight of the huge crevasse form beneath they . kate and Gordon be throw up against opposite aisle hold on for dear life . they cling to the column as the shelf fold into the ever widen crack ... CUT to : 28 . int . convenience store / yellowstone - morning Jackson put down some grocery at the checkout . jackson just stop scratch . you will get they infect . he smile at the female cashier behind the counter who do not look friendly . jackson ( cont 'd ) something for mosquito bite please ? cashier before or after ? jackson what ? the woman look at lilly and noah with they red lump . cashier I would get before and after . she slam two mosquito product on the counter . lilly ( pointing ) look ! Mrs. birnbaum , my teacher be on tv ! on the store 's tv : a heavy - set blonde woman , 45 , speak to a reporter in front of gelson 's . noah that 's we supermarket . the gap in the ground be enormous now , at least half a mile long and 200 foot wide . jackson ( worried ) kid , we have to pack up and go find mommy . CUT to : int . hallway / white house - morning President Wilson and anheuser walk towards the situation room . ( continued ) 29 . anheuser Sir , you have to initiate the board process immediately . president wilson be this even possible ? what 's we information from China ? anheuser they estimate four of the ship will be ready for launch . the President be shocked by this news . president wilson only four ? anheuser if it 's alright with you sir , I will brief the panel about the new development . president wilson I would rather have adrian do that . they trust he . I tell he to be in on the meeting . anheuser fume as they enter the situation room . int . situation room / white house - morning flat screen line the wall . a video conference be under way with each of the g8 member represent . president wilson lady and gentlemen , we all know this day would come . but we never imagine it would come this soon . he look over to adrian . president wilson ( cont 'd ) I would like to pass this over to my science advisor , adrian helmsley . adrian step up and gather himself . anheuser watch . adrian I will make this brief ... point to a set of chart . ( continued ) 30 . adrian ( cont 'd ) ... accord to we latest data from Yellowstone , the temperature of the subterranean crust of the earth , the cement that hold we landmass in place , be increase at a rapid rate , much faster than anticipate ... all the head of state be glue to he word . adrian ( cont 'd ) ... this cause extreme polar instability . the magnetic field have decrease by more than 80 % over the last 48 hour . the german chancellor , a woman , interrupt . german chancellor how much time do we have , Mr. helmsley ? adrian glance to Professor West , stand in the back . adrian two , maybe three day if we be lucky . the Prime Minister of Italy break in , upset . italian prime minister how can you speak about luck in such a situation ? anheuser apology Prime minster . he 's still new to the job . President Wilson step up . president wilson nevertheless , Mr. Antonioni , we have to make a immediate decision . we hear cheering and applause . boxing announcer ( o.s. ) introduce the 320 pound muscle machine from the Ukraine ... CUT to : int . boxing arena of mgm grand / las vega - night the arena be fill to its max . the crowd be on its foot . ( continued ) 31 . boxing announcer ... and tonight 's challenger for the heavy weight world championship of the world . here he be ... mister Zultan balashin ! the crowd roar as the boxer and he entourage enter . the camera move in on a tall man with blonde clean cut hair . he be well build , wear designer clothing from head to toe . yuri karpov , 45 , stereotypical Russian oligarch . he approach the ringside corner and whistle . yuri Zultan ! the nervous boxer turn . zultan ( in Russian ) ah , finally , yuri . I think I would not see you . yuri hit the boxer 's glove . Zultan be nervous . his coach step in . coach he need to concentrate now , mister karpov . yuri you shut up ... when I talk to my boy , understand ? coach yes , Mr. karpov . yuri good ... that be good . ( in Russian to the boxer ) Zultan my friend . do not forget . we be fighter . we never go down . we always stay on we foot ... Zultan just keep nodd , pump himself up . yuri ( cont 'd ) ... no matter who be hit we . no matter how hard . go . first round . the fight be on . yuri ( cont 'd ) now , go kill the bastard . ( continued ) 32 . yuri walk to he seat , sit down next to he trophy : tamara , 28 , blonde , wear the shortest mini one can imagine , designer shoe , handbag , glass and boob . in she lap she hold caesar , a tiny dog wear a diamond collar . in the ring the boxer maul at each other . yuri 's cell phone beep . it 's a text message : start boarding procedure yuri 's whole demeanor change . without a word , he get up and walk out of the arena . tamara yuri bear ... where be you go ? yuri do not respond as he squeeze through the crowd . Zultan , the boxer , notice yuri leave . in that split second distraction , he be hit hard and go down for the count . the crowd roar ! CUT to : ext . westwood / los angele - sunrise Jackson have drive all night . the sun rise , a giant glow orb . public radio news ( o.s. ) ... caltech believe that the incident in the westwood supermarket have release most of the surface tension ... ext . kate house / los angele - early morning Jackson pull up . the kid be asleep . public radio news ( o.s. ) ... it look like life in the city will soon be back to normal , Mayor Gonzales say at a early morning news conference from he home in hancock Park . Jackson switch off the radio and wake he kid gently . jackson lilly , we be home sweetie . ( to noah ) wake up big man . ( continued ) 33. kate head to the car . still sleepy , the kid grab they stuff and run into she arm . kate oh honey , I be so glad you be back ... and you too , darling . jackson we try call but - lilly ( o.s. ) I be hungry mummy . kate at least it look like the mosquitos eat well . she look at Jackson and soften . kate ( cont 'd ) wanna come in ? Gordon appear at the door . Jackson watch painfully as noah run and give Gordon a big hug . his cellphone beep with a message . yuri ( o.s. ) where be you curtis ? int . presidential suite / las vega - early morning yuri stand at a huge window overlook the strip talk into he phone . jackson ( o.s. ) back in westwood , mister karpov . yuri good . that be good . I be send the gulfstream to pick up alec and oleg . tamara hover in the background pack she Louis vuitton luggage . caesar , she little dog , watch from the bed . tamara ( in Russian ) tell he to bring caesar 's raincoat , it 's in the Range Rover . yuri brushes she off . 34 . ext . STREET / bel AIR - morning while talk to yuri , Jackson be stand in front of the open trunk , change into he chauffeur suit . yuri ( o.s. ) curtis , make sure you get my boy as fast you can . ext . mansion / bel AIR - morning a palatial home . completely gaudy . the twin , alec and oleg , wait impatiently . they be 12 year old and wear identical clothing by dior . alec curtis , you be late . Jackson ignore he and start throw the luggage into the limo . the other twin notice he muddy sneaker . oleg careful with we stuff . do not get it dirty . ext . street / los angele - morning ahead of the limo a crowd have form in the street , sing song and chant about the end of day . a skinny man with a ponytail preach from the scripture . preacher ... there will be famine , pestilence and earthquake , sayeth the Lord . Jackson have to maneuver through the people . banner read : ` prepare for the end ' -- ' you can not escape he judgement ' -- alec look up from he video game , annoyed . alec curtis , can not you go faster ? jackson be you guy blind ? I can not run people over . oleg why not ? they be idiot anyway . Jackson shoot this spoil brat a angry look . 35 . ext . santa monica airport / los angele - morning Jackson stop in front of the gulfstream . sasha , 40 , yuri 's Russian pilot be expect they . sasha hey Jackson . take you a while ... Jackson mutter under he breath as he unload the luggage , drop one of they on alec 's foot on purpose . alec ouch ! be more careful ! the other twin have notice Jackson 's intension . he get into he face . oleg now you be laugh , curtis . but we be go on a big ship . ( pause ) we will live ... and you will die . oleg grin back at Jackson as the jet door close . the gulfstream taxi onto the runway . as Jackson turn back to the car a fine surface crack shoot across the tarmac . we hold on he face as it hit he like a ton of brick : the crazy radio host , charlie frost be right ! frantically Jackson look around and spot a man in overall work on a twin engine cessna . he run to he . jackson where can I rent a plane ? the man point to a shabby office building . CUT to : int . kitchen / los angele - morning kate be in she kitchen cooking breakfast for the kid . Gordon watch the Governor on the news . governor ( with austrian accent ) ... just this morning my people at caltech tell I that in the last 36 hour we have basically zero earthquake activity in Southern California , which be very rare ... ( continued ) 36 . the phone ring . kate pick up . ext . street / los angele - morning Jackson drive like crazy . jackson ... kate , we have to get out of LA ! I have rent a plane for we . get the kid ready ! I will be there in five . kate the kid have plan today ... jackson be you kid I ! kate no I be not ! noah have music at 2 and lil ' have karate . Gordon roll he eye and mutter . gordon not that we would expect he to remember . jackson ( scream ) California be go down ! pack up the kid ! kate you be crazy ! the Governor just say we be fine now . jackson the Governor 's a meathead , how would he know anything ? kate listen ! you gotta trust I over some politician . come on . int . kate house / los angele - morning kate slam the phone down . lilly stop eat . lilly mommy , why be you so angry with daddy ? LAURA because you daddy be a lunatic , darling . on the tv , the interview come to a end . ( continued ) 37 . governor ... it look to I , like the worst be over . that moment a massive quake hit Los Angeles . everybody dive under the table . on tv : the news caster and the Governor do the same . a few second later the signal cut out . Gordon pull kate and the kid close as the earth shake violently for 20 second . ext . kate house / los angele - morning Jackson fly into the driveway and run into the house . int . kate house / los angele - morning when he enter , lilly immediately run into he arm . the next tremor hit . crack form on the kitchen floor . jackson we have to leave ! noah , let 's go ! kate I think we be safer here ! jackson noah , now ! kate please ... the whole house ride up and down like on a wave . gordon I think he 's right . finally kate push she son out from under the table . they all scramble out of the house in a panic . kate be cut on the shoulder by fall glass but she hardly notice . ext . kate house / los angele - morning as they storm out of they front door the house crumble behind they . jackson get in the car ! the whole street start to buckle . Left and right the house be shake and smashed like toy . ( continued ) 38 . just before the wave of destruction can reach they , Jackson tear out of the driveway . ext . street / los angele - morning Jackson maneuver 's the limo through the crumble neighborhood . right in front of they eye , street disappear , tree fall , electrical line snap . sewer pipe burst in front of the car . noah Holy shit ! Jackson have to turn on the windshield wiper . ext . santa monica airport / los angele - morning the limo crash through a gate onto the tarmac , come to a stop in front of a twin engine cessna . jackson damn it ! where 's the pilot ? kate turn to Gordon . kate Gordon , you know how to fly . gordon I ... have a couple lesson ... jackson do you cover take off ? gordon yeah . jackson that 's good enough for I . they start run , when Jackson remember something and head back to the limo . he grab he knapsack from the front seat fumble to zip he laptop back inside it . kate shout . kate ( o.s. ) Jackson , what be you do ? jackson I be come . he jump out of the car and race back after they . behind Jackson the hangar start to disintegrate . ( continued ) 39 . in the distance a gigantic fissure form in the earth , shoot towards Santa monica airport . Gordon fumble with the control , Jackson yell from the copilot seat . jackson ( cont 'd ) come on , come on ... gordon ( point at the instrument ) but I be suppose to check all this first ... Jackson reach over and slam Gordon 's hand down and the plane lurch forward . as the cessna speed onto the tarmac the control tower go down and explode . noah discover the giant crevasse form behind they . noah guy , behind we ! as the plane accelerate , the giant crack close in on they . Gordon 's hand tremble on the throttle control . everybody scream on top of each other . everybody Gordon ! damn it ! lift off ! Gordon gather he courage and pull the lever . the plane almost rocket into the air just as the ground beneath they give way . they hover for a moment , almost catch in mid-air as the widen crevasse beneath they fight to suck they into the bowel of the earth . Gordon fight to maintain control but they begin to be pull down . the daylight vanish . debris and mud smashes into the plane from all side . the canyon wall erupt . gordon I can not get it up ! take desperate measure , Gordon nearly rip the control stick out of its joint - with a lurch the cessna lift out of the abyss . ( continued ) 40 . they all take a deep breath only to realize that now they be fly directly into the collapse tower of downtown Los Angeles ! like a roller coaster , Gordon manage to weave the little plane through the tumble high rise . they dive one last time to evade the plummete US bank tower , the tallest building on the west coast . all be dead silent as they watch the whole of Los Angeles crumble beneath they . kate cover lilly 's eye . noah ( in total shock ) that be amazing , Gordon ! Jackson look at kate and notice she cut . jackson be you okay ? kate ( brush it off ) I be fine . how do you know this be gonna happen ? jackson I do not . ( to Gordon ) do we have enough fuel to make it to Yellowstone ? the plane veer off in a northeasterly direction . behind they the destruction of Los Angeles continue . CUT to : ext . freedom of the seas / pacific - day the gigantic cruise ship plow through the Pacific . we hear lounge music ... int . bar / freedom of the seas - day adrian 's father Harry and he partner tony be on stage . Harry on the piano , sing , tony play the bass . a waiter bring drink . Water for Harry , and a brightly color cocktail for tony . waiter you get fan tony ... ( continued ) 41 . tony raise he glass to two old lady who be sit at the bar . waiter ( cont 'd ) there 's a call for you Harry . want I to take a message ? harry ( while still play ) I will be right there . the waiter nod . a few more bar of music , then applause . harry ( cont 'd ) ( into the microphone ) thank you lady and gentleman . let 's hear it for the one and only tony delgado ... and I be Harry helmsley and we will be back after a short pit stop . applause . Harry rush off stage . adrian ( o.s. ) dad ... what I have to tell you be very serious ... int . hallway / white house - day adrian be stand in a dark corner . behind he people be pack up , carry box . adrian you remember when I tell you about the dam in China ? well , it 's happen much sooner than we anticipate . int . galley / cruise ship - day Harry 's face have turn serious . adrian ( o.s. ) the President have order we to clear out the White House . harry hah ... about time someone clean up that mess . int . hallway / white house - day adrian fight back the tear . ( continued ) 42 . adrian where be you , dad ? what exactly be the course of the ` freedom ' right now ?... harry ( o.s. ) it 's all good , adrian . do not worry about you old man . you have more important thing to do now . int . galley / cruise ship - day there 's a tremor in Harry 's voice . harry you know , you mom and I , we have a hell of a great life ... and a hell of a great kid too . ( pause ) and the ` freedom ' be a pretty big ship you know ... do not write you old man off , just yet . int . hallway / white house - day a tear run down adrian 's face . harry ( o.s. ) ... besides , I could never leave tony alone . you know how he can not keep decent time by himself . pause . adrian I love you , dad . int . galley / cruise ship - day Harry bite he lip . harry Love you too , son . int . bar / cruise ship - day back in the lounge , tony have finish he cocktail . Harry walk up and holler at the barkeeper . harry hey herb . get I a double Jack on the rock . ( continued ) 43. tony after twenty - five year on the wagon ? harry why not ? who care how long we do certain thing ? how long we drink booze , how long we talk to people ... or how long we do not talk to people . Harry grab tony by he shirt . tony woah !... Harry , what 's the matter with you ? let 's go . we be back on . Harry pull he even closer . harry call you kid , you stubborn old ass . ( pause ) I be not go back on that stage unless you promise to call he . waiter ( interrupting ) tony , the lady be wait for you . harry promise I , tony ... please . Harry stare he down . tony yeah , maybe I should call he ... Harry smile , downs he bourbon and walk back on stage . CUT to : int . adrian' office / white house - day adrian enter he office . the tv be on . news anchor ... there be little we know at this point , but the earthquake register at 10.1 on the richter scale . the whole of the western seaboard be hit ... assistant stare at the news in shocked disbelief , some of they be cry . prof . West appear at the door . adrian ( point at the tv ) have you see this ? ( continued ) 44 . prof . West silently nod and beckon adrian , who follow he down the hall into a dark control room . they look at a wall - size high def monitor . prof . west we have satellite image . here 's the sequence we have get so far . on the monitor , detailed satellite imagery display how the monstrous quake unfold , leave California slide into the sea . adrian any news from Yellowstone ? prof . west anytime now . CUT to : ext . research facility / yellowstone national park - day the base be abandon but for a few structure and the enormous drilling tower . Gordon manage to land the plane next to what look like a fueling station . Jackson leap out check the pump . jackson guy , there 's fuel ! fill she up and I will look for Charlie . kate you be sure about this ? jackson kate , everything this guy say so far have happen . I will be right back . Jackson run off towards the hill . lilly daddy wait ! I wanna come with you ! lilly run after he . Jackson pick she up . kate lilly ! come back ! jackson it 's fine ! I will take she . kate watch as they disappear , worried . noah and Gordon have start to fuel the plane . 45 . ext . charlie' rv / yellowstone national park - day Jackson and lilly find Charlie 's rv with it 's door hang open . they enter . the key be in the ignition . the radio transmitter be on , but Charlie be go . Jackson fiddle with the switch and Charlie 's voice come on . charlie' voice ... I be stand here at the high point on what be the rim of this super volcano ... jackson he 's get to be close by , lil'bee ... Jackson jump behind the wheel and turn the ignition . lilly let 's go back , daddy . jackson listen to I . we have to find Charlie . he 's get a secret map , you know , like Jack sparrow in ` Pirates ' . that catch she interest . jackson ( cont 'd ) lil ' , we have to work as a team now , okay ? you have to help I . Jackson pass she he mobile phone . lilly nod . he throw the rv into gear and they speed off over the bumpy terrain . in they dust , we see the earth fissure ! int . rv / yellowstone national park - day Jackson drive like a bat out of hell . charlie' voice ... the last time this baby blow , be 640,000 year ago ... jackson dial mommy 's number , sweetheart . Jackson tear up the mountain look for Charlie . ext . empty army base / yellowstone national park - day kate 's phone ring . ( continued ) 46 . lilly ( o.s. ) hi mommy ... kate where be you , honey !? int . rv / yellowstone national park - day Jackson hear the stress in kate 's voice . he hiss at lilly . jackson tell she we will be back in ten minute . lilly ( excite ) we be look for a secret map , mommy . Jackson grimace . ext . research facility / yellowstone national park - day kate try to keep it together for lilly . kate let I speak to you daddy , darling . lilly ( o.s. ) daddy can not talk right now , he 's drive really fast ... int . rv / yellowstone national park - day the rv run over a boulder . lilly hit the roof . lilly ouch ! kate ( o.s. ) lilly ! in the background kate hear the voice of Charlie frost . charlie' voice ... I tell you guy , any minute now ... any minute the firework will start ... kate ( o.s. ) who 's in the car with you ? who 's that man scream ? lilly he 's not in the car . he 's on a mountain wait for firework . ( continued ) 47 . lilly spot Charlie way up on a ridge . he have erect he ten foot radio antenna with the flag flutter on top . lilly ( cont 'd ) ( to Jackson ) there he be ! up there ! jackson you be the best , darling . give daddy the phone ... ( into the phone ) kate I be sorry , I can not talk ... the road end just below the mountain peak . kate ( o.s. ) bring back my child , Jackson ! now ! Jackson see Charlie up above , broadcasting . he hang up the phone and jump out of the rv . jackson you wait here for I ! you watch the ship while Captain curtis talk to the pirate . okay ? lilly ( uncertain ) okay ... Jackson climb up to Charlie . ext . mountain peak / yellowstone national park - day Charlie have he broadcasting equipment strapped to he body . the antenna 's flag be whipping in the wind . charlie frost ( into he mic ) ... I wish you guy at home could see this on tv ... he notice Jackson and muffle the microphone . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) how do you make it up here ? think you be toast . jackson the spaceship Charlie , where be they ? charlie frost you can not make it there . ( continued ) 48 . jackson we have a plane . we can get you out of here too . let 's go Charlie ! all around the landscape begin to collapse . a three mile crater form , revealing the awe- inspiring sight of the super - volcano . charlie frost you will never make it out in time . just stay and enjoy the big bang . that you kid ? Jackson discover lilly stand behind he , stare at Charlie with she big brown eye . Jackson grab Charlie lift he off the ground . jackson where be that god damn map ! charlie frost easy , easy . watch the mic ... I do not know . somewhere in my camper . a low rumble build to a rapturous thunder as million of bird tear into flight . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) wow ! look at that !... ( into he mic ) fly birdy fly ! this mark the last day of the United States of America folk and by tomorrow ... the mouth of the volcano start to break apart revealing molten lava underneath . charlie frost ( cont 'd ) ... the last of mankind . soon they will see we from a million mile away , out there in the milky way ... Jackson grab he wide eye daughter and race down the mountain . ext . below mountain peak / yellowstone national park - day Jackson and lilly jump into the rv and race off , with Charlie 's broadcast still play . charlie' voice ... the ash cloud will travel everywhere . ( more ) ( continued ) 49 . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) first the light will go out in Vegas , then Dallas , St. Louis and then Washington DC ... Jackson 's cell phone ring and he pick up . jackson we be on we way . ext . research facility / yellowstone national park - day kate Jackson , thing be really look bad here ! in that instant , the air around they vanish , as if suck from the landscape into a vacuum . the biggest explosion the world have ever see ... at least in the last 640,000 year . to they , all this occur in total silence . the sound of the eruption have not reach they yet . they be freeze , unable to comprehend what be happen . ext . mountain peak / yellowstone national park - day the explosion begin to resemble a atomic mushroom . charlie frost ... it 's beautiful , kid ! just beautiful ! the sound wave reach Charlie , throw he to the ground . ext . dirt road / yellowstone national park - day the rv fly over the rugge terrain . everywhere the earth be crack , fall apart . Jackson struggle to swerve around the disappear landscape . lilly ( scream ) it 's follow we ! lilly have discover the expand ash cloud behind they . jackson just do not look back , lil'bee ! the thundering sound envelope they ! on the radio , the voice of Charlie be get shrill . ( continued ) 50 . charlie' voice majestic !... oh yeah ! ext . mountain peak / yellowstone national park - day Charlie slowly try to stand again , silhouett against the cloud of dust and fire tower above he . flaming rock fly towards he . when they hit the ground , they detonate like fire bomb . charlie' voice oh baby ! it 's come ! ext . dirt road / yellowstone national park - day rock plummet like comet around the rv as Jackson race over a collapse bridge . on the radio , in he delirious state , Charlie begin to sing ... charlie' voice ` this be the end , my friend ' ... Yellowstone look like a war zone . the rv dodge the bombardment of fire and rock . ext . mountain peak / yellowstone national park - day huge tree trunk and glow boulder fly at Charlie through the ash . he scream at the top of he lung . charlie frost ... folk , always remember , you hear it first from Charlie . a second later , Charlie 's radio antenna come spin like a scythe through the air . it decapitate Charlie in a instant . ext . dirt road / yellowstone national park - day the radio cut out . the forest and the camp grounds be mown flat by the extreme force of the ash cloud . in the rear view mirror Jackson see it gain on they . jackson lilly ! down ! a firebomb hit the rv , rip half the roof off . lilly barely make it under the dashboard . ( continued ) 51 . jackson ( cont 'd ) stay down there , lil ' ! we be almost there ! just keep look at daddy . Jackson spot the little cessna in the distance . ext . empty army base / yellowstone national park - day at the entrance to the airstrip a huge crevasse form , cut the rv off from reach the plane . lilly stick out she head . lilly mommy ! Jackson swerve wildly to miss the crack , send lilly fly out . without think , he let go of the wheel , lung after she and pull she back inside . jackson stay down darling . Jackson race the rv alongside the form crack . spot a narrow point in the crevasse , he make a decision . slam the accelerator down , he race towards it at full speed . moment later the rv be airborne ! kate watch , too shocked to scream . a few draw out second . then the rv touch down , crash 200 foot from the plane . kate run towards the wreckage of the camper . lilly jump out , racing into she mom 's arm . Jackson turn and see the cloud approach . jackson ( cont 'd ) you guy go ! I will be right there ! kate pull lilly back to the plane . Jackson jump into the back of the rv scavenge through the shelf , look for Charlie 's map . kate lift lilly onto the wing of the plane . Gordon revs up the engine . noah give I you hand , lil ' . noah pull he little sister into the cockpit . ( continued ) 52 . fiery rock rain from the sky , detonate to the right and leave of they plane as kate climb in . gordon we have to take off ! noah no ! lilly where 's daddy ?! gordon kate , I be sorry but if we wait we will all die ! Gordon push the throttle . the plane start to move . kate scream . kate Gordon ! wait ! back in the rv , Jackson be frantically go through the mass of book and papers on the shelf . finally , a map . he unfold it . but it 's only of the London underground system . he throw it to the ground and find another . this time he 's lucky ! there be marking everywhere . as he race to the door , the ground give way beneath the rv . kate and the kid watch it disappear from sight . kate ( cont 'd ) jackson ! no ! noah begin to cry and lilly cling to she mom . Gordon just stare , paralyze . the ash cloud be almost upon they ! Gordon take action and accelerate the plane . kate turn back . a hand emerge from the crevasse . then another , hold a map . her face light up . lilly it 's daddy ! Jackson pull himself up and sprint towards they , the map in he hand . kate Jackson ! here ! kate lean out of the cockpit reach for he . ( continued ) 53. noah faster dad . you can make it ! gordon kate , grab he for god sake . we be almost out of runway . use every last ounce of energy , Jackson leap onto the wing and be yank into the plane by kate . just at that moment , the plane lift off . Jackson fall into the cockpit , completely out of breath . lilly crawl over and hug he . jackson thanks for wait guy . now all eye be glue to the speedometer . 180 ... 190 ... the violent ash cloud be hit they tail rudder . the plane swerve wildly ! Gordon get it back under control . the speedometer finally creep towards 200 mph and the cloud slowly fall back . everybody breathes a sigh of relief . kate so , now that you get you map , where be we go ? Jackson unfold it and take a look . hundred of marking clutter the map . in the leave corner he discover a large letter C follow by h - I - N - a . he look up . jackson we be gonna need a bigger plane . CUT to : int . west wing / white house - late afternoon the White House be be evacuate . amidst the chaos stand anheuser . adrian put down a phone and look at he . adrian just a few minute ago Yellowstone erupt , sir . the ash cloud will reach Washington in roughly 7 hour . maybe 6 . we have strong easterly wind ... anheuser and the crustal displacement ? ( continued ) 54 . adrian no one know , sir . anheuser start walk , adrian trail behind . anheuser let 's get the government airborne and ... I mean now . int . oval office / white house - late afternoon anheuser and adrian burst into the anteroom of the oval Office . the President 's secretary , sally , 55 , be pack . anheuser where be the President , Sally ? Sally look up stone face . sally he say he want to spend a few minute alone . I think he 's over at the chapel . anheuser the whole North american continent be about to perish , and Wilson decide to go to church ! adrian shoot a angry look at anheuser . adrian he 's praying sir . which consider the circumstance be not a bad idea . anheuser maybe . but right now I need the leader of the free world off he knee and on Air Force one . wheel up 1900 hour . can I leave that with you helmsley ? anheuser walk away . adrian and Sally exchange a look . sally I really do not like that man . int . chapel / white house - sunset adrian find the President stand near the front of the chapel . adrian Mr. President ? we need to get you out of Washington immediately . ( continued ) 55 . President Wilson stay with he head bow . president wilson now matter how idealistic you be take office . you lose you innocence behind that desk . ( pause ) Laura be right . people have die because of the decision I make . adrian that 's not you fault sir . he turn to face adrian . president wilson you sound like anheuser . this quietly affect adrian . president wilson ( cont 'd ) Laura 's never look at I like that before . only once ... when I tell she , she mother have die . you know the first lady ? adrian a little . president wilson you know what she say to I that night we bring she to the hospital ? ( pause ) ` Tommy ... I think you should do a lottery . every one should have a chance to go ' . that 's what dorothy say to I . that 's what we should have do . adrian there would have be chaos , sir . President Wilson look adrian in the eye . president wilson you know what I believe , adrian . I believe nature should choose for itself , from itself . adrian take this in . president wilson ( cont 'd ) do not let she go . you will regret it if you do . prove to Laura what kind of a man you be . and I will do the same ... you go now . and watch you back for anheuser . ( continued ) 56 . adrian stare at the President in disbelief . adrian but sir ? president wilson go . that 's a order helmsley . a tense moment before adrian start to walk away . just as he exit the chapel , Wilson call after he . president wilson ( cont 'd ) would you tell my daughter ... there 's nothing on earth that I cherish more than she . we hold on President Wilson 's face . CUT to : ext . las vega - sunset most of Las Vegas be destroy . a 200 foot wide canyon now divide sin city along its famous strip . the tower casinos still teeter along the canyon 's rim . all form of emergency rescue operation be deploy around the city . in the foreground , we see Las Vegas International Airport , its runway cut dramatically short . large piece of tarmac continue to break off into the crevasse . ext . airfield / las vega airport - sunset Gordon maneuver he plane through the chaos . airplane be strewn about the runway . passenger everywhere . gordon I tell you we should have go to my parent ' in the Rockies . kate Gordon 's right . look at this mess . Jackson look around frantically . jackson you do not understand , it 's we only chance . ( continued ) 57 . gordon this be not one of you crazy storey now . how the hell be we gonna make it to China ? noah Gordon , without Jackson , we would never have make it out of California . silence . noah be right and they know it . they taxi past a private jet whose front wheel be stick in a hole in the tarmac . we hear a dog bark and the camera find tamara , with caesar in she arm . yuri ( o.s. ) careful with the landing gear ! ( in Russian ) tamara , get the boy out of the way ! a airport tow truck attempt to pull yuri 's gulfstream jet out . sasha , the pilot , help . a safety announcement echoe through the whole area . voice ( over loudspeaker ) attention ! the US National Guard have inform we , that a extremely hazardous ash cloud be head towards the city of Las Vegas . tamara look scared and secretly reach for sasha 's hand . they share a intimate look , no one else see . voice ( cont 'd ) we strongly advise every one to move indoors immediately ... the tow truck driver panic and run inside . we move in on yuri . for the first time he look helpless . in the background , Jackson and he family join the panicked crowd head towards the terminal building . firemen and rescue worker usher they forward . FIRE man let 's move people ! Inside the terminal ! Jackson and he family be sweep along . CUT to : 58 . int . AIR force one / arlington airport - dusk adrian rush up the stair of Air Force one , approach one of the flight officer . adrian where 's anheuser ? officer in the command center , sir . adrian move on . int . command CENTER / AIR force one - dusk adrian enter . anheuser immediately sense something be amiss . adrian the President be not come . I could not convince he to . everyone in the room look up , speechless . anheuser so , the captain do not want to leave he sink ship ? ( pause ) well , Mr. helmsley , we just learn that the vice President 's chopper crash 80 mile north of Atlanta . adrian be shocked . adrian what about the speaker of the House ? anheuser in this chaos ... I have no idea ! adrian but she 's Commander in Chief now . Sir , I just think - anheuser move in dangerously close . anheuser I do not care what you think , helmsley . Laura quietly enter the Command Center , as anheuser and adrian stare each other down . ( continued ) 59 . anheuser ( cont 'd ) you ass only make it into the White House , because you old man know the first Lady ... and because of all that affirmative action bullshit . anheuser take it even further . anheuser ( cont 'd ) there be a white kid , much more qualified than you . just so you know . adrian 's face be ashen . LAURA ( o.s. ) where be my father ? everyone turn to Laura . silence . adrian he want to stay with he people . suddenly , the engine of Air Force one turn over . Laura panic . LAURA we have to go back ! adrian try to hold she close to he . anheuser see this intimate moment and give a suspicious , question look . a second later Laura push adrian away . LAURA ( cont 'd ) let I get out . Mr. anheuser - tell the Captain . anheuser there be a protocol for just this situation Ms. Wilson and I be afraid we will have to follow it to the letter . anheuser turn to a officer . anheuser ( cont 'd ) tell the Captain , to take off immediately . Laura look at he incredulously . CUT to : int . airport terminal / las vega airport - dusk emergency light illuminate the densely populate terminal . ( continued ) 60 . rescue worker people , stay away from the window ! one of the rescue worker yell , push Jackson and he family back . frustrate , Jackson turn to kate and Gordon . jackson we can not get stick here . suddenly a voice ... voice ( o.s. ) Dr. silberman ? what be you do here ? they all turn and stare at tamara , hold she little dog against she plump breast . kate give Gordon a look . gordon ( embarrassed ) she 's a patient , honey . jackson ( sarcastically ) Nice work . but when Jackson discover yuri behind she , he tone suddenly change . he get in yuri 's face . jackson ( cont 'd ) you bastard . you know it all along ! ( at the twin ) you and that spoiled rotten son of yours ... sasha come run in and cut through this . sasha I find we a plane , a antonov . they be just about to take off , but the tower do not let they . yuri can you still fly that thing ? sasha sure ... but I need a copilot . lilly chime in . lilly Gordon be a pilot . ( continued ) 61 . before Gordon can protest Jackson pick up lilly . jackson let 's go ! they burst through the emergency exit , set off a alarm . emergency personnel yell after they . rescue worker hey ! stop ! you can not go out there ! come back ! but they keep on run . sasha now lead the way . ext . AIR field / las vega airport - dusk they race around the corner and come to a halt . before they , a Russian freight plane of enormous size -- the antonov 225 , the biggest aircraft in the world . noah wow , that be a big plane . yuri ( proudly ) it 's Russian . sasha , who have run ahead turn back and see : a massive grey wall of ash move towards the airport . sasha guy , follow I ! they all run after he up the stair . int . cockpit / antonov - dusk sasha enter the cockpit and put on the headset while readying the plane for takeoff . sasha ( into the mic ) you will find fold seat on each side of the cargo hold ... int . cargo hold / antonov - dusk sasha ( o.s. ) ... sit down and buckle up ! they all scramble to get into they seat . ( continued ) 62 . noah wow ! look at that ! they discover the cargo they be carry -- Sports car , suv 's , concept car and luxury model , some of they be label ` Las Vegas Auto show 2012 ' . yuri we have VIP ticket for that . the six engine of the antonov come roaring to life . int . cockpit / antonov - dusk the plane be start to move . Gordon sit uncomfortably in the copilot 's seat . sasha you check the main bus for the hydraulics . I will balance the tank . gordon uh ... what ? sasha reach over and do it himself . sasha work the radio and keep a eye on the fuel , okay ? Gordon nod and put on the headset , try to focus . int . terminal / las vega airport - dusk people start scream , when they discover the menace wall of ash racing towards they . rescue worker move back , people ... down on the floor ! ext . runway / las vega airport - dusk the nose of the antonov turn onto the runway . this humongous plane suddenly look small against the wall of ash . int . cockpit / antonov - dusk Gordon be panic . gordon we have to get go ! ( continued ) 63. sasha hit the throttle . sasha ( calm ) we be go , we be go . a deafen thunder emanate from the engine . int . cargo hold / antonov - dusk everybody grab they seat as the vibration of the aircraft build . ext . runway / las vega airport - dusk the antonov steadily gain speed as it rumble down the crack and uneven runway . the canyon that have swallow half the city loom ahead . and behind they the volcanic cloud bear down . int . cockpit / antonov - dusk sasha stare down the gap ahead , determine . Gordon 's face be as white as a sheet . gordon we be not gonna make it ! sasha shut up ! we will ! int . terminal / las vega airport - dusk the violent cloud have finally reach the airport . the terminal be hit by fly debris . second later , yuri 's gulfstream be whipped through the air , shatter the huge window into a thousand piece . people be throw like rag doll as the jet explode in a massive fireball . int . cargo hold / antonov - dusk kate and Jackson hold they kid tight . tamara cling to little caesar and yuri to he twin . 64 . ext . runway / las vega airport - dusk the antonov lumber heavily towards the inevitable drop off on the horizon . the runway be way too short ... and to make matter worse , the ground begin to move again , slowly arching the tarmac upwards , create a crooked ramp at the end of it . int . cockpit / las vega airport - dusk a drop of sweat trickle down sasha 's forehead as he pull back the wheel . Gordon hold on for dear life as the huge plane barely lift off , veer sideways . ext . canyon / las vega - dusk the antonov be on a collision course with the crumble casino tower along the other side of the rim . int . cockpit / antonov - dusk sasha govno ! ( shit ) . help I pull ! Gordon grab the wheel on he side , help sasha pull up the beast of a plane . ext . canyon rim / las vega - dusk very slowly the plane start to rise and sasha 's face light up . they barely make it over a casino call ` Paris ; Las Vegas ' . but the plane clip its wheel on a high metal structure right behind it , rip away part of the landing gear . int . cockpit / antonov - dusk after some struggle , sasha manage to steady the antonov . Gordon 's face be green as he look back . gordon be that the eiffel Tower ? sasha look over and grin . he grab the microphone . ( continued ) 65 . sasha lady and gentleman , we be on we way to China . CUT to : ext . yak LA monastery / tibet - day a ancient monastery build atop a solitary mountain rock . in the distance , the sun glisten off the peak of the himalayas . neng pang , a young monk , 20 , sit with he superior and teacher lama yak LA , 65 . they have tea beneath a huge bronze bell . lama yak LA ( in chinese ) do not believe in anything simply because you have hear it , neng . neng but lin be my brother . he be work inside the big tunnel , where the ship be make . the lama remain silent . neng ( cont 'd ) what be in you wisdom for we to do , great lama ... if lin be right , if we world be indeed come to a end ? instead of answer , the lama serve he more tea . when the cup be full , the lama do not stop pour . neng watch the tea overflow until he can no longer restrain himself . neng ( cont 'd ) it 's full , great lama . it can hold no more ! the lama stop pour and look at neng . lama yak LA like this cup , neng , you be full of you own opinion and speculation . how can I show you wisdom unless you first empty you cup ? neng bow he head in embarrassment . the lama smile to himself and take a chain from around he neck . on it hang a set of rusty car key . ( continued ) 66 . lama yak LA ( cont 'd ) be careful with the clutch . it tend to slide . the lama throw he the key and the young monk catch they , smile from ear to ear . they bow to each other and neng run off . lama yak La look after he as a father would . he get up and strike the bronze bell with a wooden mallet . ext . housing project / tibet - day as far as you can see be a series of identical little house . the house in the foreground have a chicken coop in the garden . Mrs. pang enter the coop . we last see she when the village be be evacuate . she grab one of the hen . she place its head on a woodblock and pick up a rusty hatchet . just about to strike , she hear a strange rattling noise . a old truck come drive towards the house . behind the wheel sit she son neng . she put down the hatchet , yell . mrs. pang ( in chinese ) bata ! neng be come ! the young monk jump out , quickly bow . neng mother , I get a message from lin . he want we to meet he in Cho ming , at the west gate . he say he can get we on one of the ship he be work on . Mrs. pang be still hold the chicken by its throat . mrs . pang I think lin be work on the dam ? neng the dam be a ship , mother . the government lie to we . there will be a big flood . the chicken hang limp in Mrs. pang 's hand . mrs . pang not here in the mountain ... let 's eat first . the hen panic as she put its head back on the block , raise the hatchet again . ( continued ) 67 . neng no mother ! we must pack up right away . neng' mother we take a trip with the laem song ferry once . you father be throw up the whole way . the door open and Mr. pang appear . mr. pang neng , I do not know you be come for dinner . at that moment the hatchet drop with a thud ! CUT to : ext . antonov / over the pacific - night the majestic antonov be fly high in the Pacific sky . oleg ( o.s. ) look , the new bentley . int . cargo hold / antonov - night the boy be explore the huge freight deck . caesar , the little dog , be traipsing along . alec , oleg and noah marvel at a stylish mixture of luxury and performance car . alec we dad have one on order . we be suppose to get it next year . oleg but then he cancel it again , because of the ship . noah point to a 2012 aston Martin park further back . noah if I be rich , I would get one of that . oleg we have one . how many car do you family have ? noah my Mom 's boyfriend have a porsche , a carrera 4 . ( continued ) 68 . alec we parent be divorced too . the boy share a moment of understanding . noah nothing we can do about that . noah reach for the door of the bentley . to he surprise , it open . noah ( cont 'd ) wow ... look at this . noah jump into the car . kate ( o.s. ) be careful , noh ' ! kate and lilly be still belt in next to tamara . Jackson and yuri sit on the other side of the antonov . tamara how do you meet Dr. silberman ? he 's great , be not he ? kate I think for the same reason you do . you know , after breast feed two kid ... kate look at tamara . kate ( cont 'd ) do you husband ask you to get you 's do ? tamara we be not marry . and we probably never will ... but he pay for they . kate I bet he do . they laugh . lilly what do the man pay for mommy ? kate nothing , lil'bee . kate look over at Jackson who 's try to make sense of Charlie 's map . tamara catch she look . ( continued ) 69 . tamara what 's you situation ? kate let out a sigh . kate Way too complicated ... on the other side of the plane , yuri have be watch the two woman talk . yuri they seem to like each other . jackson I guess ... so tell I Mr. karpov - how much do you pay ? yuri one billion euro , per seat . jackson that 's disgusting . yuri you know curtis , I be not always businessman . I be a boxer . be my only play when I be a boy , back in murmansk . my coach ... ( smiling ) ... he name also yuri ... he always say : ` someone want to beat you ... he have to kill you first ' . yuri put he hand on Jackson 's shoulder . yuri ( cont 'd ) what would you have do , if you rich like I ? just look at you gorgeous kid . and call I yuri ... yuri offer he hand but Jackson do not shake it . sasha 's voice come over the radio . sasha ( o.s. ) hi guy . the plan be to refuel in Hawaii . so , buckle up ... Gordon and I will do the rest . int . cockpit / antonov - night Gordon turn to sasha . ( continued ) 70 . gordon let 's get this straight , sasha . I be not a pilot . I be a plastic surgeon . I just take some lesson to overcome my fear of fly . sasha why do you give up ? gordon it do not work . Gordon point to the decline altimeter . gordon ( cont 'd ) what about the wheel we lose at take - off ? sasha there 's 14 on each side . some of they must still be there . with that , sasha commence the landing procedure . ext . antonov / over hawaii - night the antonov dive into a thick layer of cloud . sasha ( o.s. ) still nothing from the tower ? int . cockpit / antonov - night Gordon shake he head . the two pilot stare ahead watch as the cloud slowly change color , from yellow ... to orange . they stare out the window in disbelief . int . cargo hold / antonov - night Gordon come climb down the metal ladder whisper to Jackson and yuri . gordon guy , you really oughta take a look at this . Jackson and yuri follow Gordon back into the cockpit . the woman exchange a worried glance . 71 . int . cockpit / antonov - night when Jackson and yuri enter , they do not believe they eye . yuri what be that ? sasha the State of Hawaii ! yuri not good . that be not good . ext . antonov / over hawaii - night from above we watch as the antonov fly over a endless ocean of fiery red lava . the Islands of Hawaii have turn into one big volcano . int . cockpit / antonov - night jackson how much fuel do we have ? sasha not enough . we will have to make a water landing somewhere in the South China Sea . gordon at least we will not need we landing gear . yuri wonder . yuri what about it ? gordon we lose it all ... in Vegas . ext . antonov / over hawaii - night the damage landing gear slowly retract into the vast belly of the antonov as it veer off to the east . CUT to : int . presidential cabin / AIR force one - night adrian knock quietly and stick he head around the door . Laura be sit in she father 's chair . ( continued ) 72 . adrian can I come in ? LAURA I have get nothing to say to you . adrian but I do ... adrian enter . he have he travel bag in one hand . he look at Laura and gather himself . adrian ( cont 'd ) you dad and I ... we be try to protect you . LAURA ( exploding ) I be a big girl adrian . I do not need protection . you use I . you guy have I gallivant around the world , as part of you little cover -up . adrian but you be do a good job . LAURA sure , if you name 's Da vinci or Picasso . but if you be some young talent in podunk , Texas , sorry you be not famous enough . people like you and anheuser and my father - you think you can play God . adrian take a moment , he 's desperate to make she see . adrian you know what you father believe . that nature will choose itself from itself . LAURA that 's bullshit and you know it . it 's the fittest , the richest and the strongest that survive . adrian that 's not true . adrian glance down and spot Jackson 's book poke out of he bag . ( continued ) 73. adrian ( cont 'd ) what would you say be the chance of a first time , middle - age writer , who barely sell 500 copy of he novel make it on board this plane ? LAURA Zero . what 's you point ? adrian pull out the book from he bag . he show she . adrian it 's call ` farewell atlantis ' and it 's a fantastic read . it 's part of we legacy now . Laura take this in . the plane 's intercom cut through the moment . intercom ( o.s. ) Mr. helmsley , prof . West request you presence immediately . adrian take a breath , but before he leave - adrian what if I try to sort some of this mess out ? I need to know you can forgive I ... Laura look at he sadly , but with a little hope . LAURA I need to know that too , adrian . adrian move for the door . he stop . adrian one more thing . you father tell I you be the most precious thing to he in the whole world ... you be to I too . as adrian exit , we hold on Laura 's conflict face . CUT to : ext . white house / WASHINGTON D.C. - night the cloud from the Yellowstone eruption have hit Washington D.C. hard . Pennsylvania Avenue resemble a war zone . a ten inch layer of ash lie on the ground . the gate of the White House be wide open , with ash - cover rescue worker run about , resembling ghost . 74 . int . west wing / white house - night the President have turn the whole West wing into a shelter . he walk through the pack room assist where he can . a old African - american lady hold a cry young girl . President Wilson kneel down to she . old lady she can not find she mother . president why do not you two girl make yourself comfy on that big couch ? I will see what I can do . the child nod . the President get up . president wilson Sally , can you take care of they . I will go check with the Red Cross ... as he leave , the old lady look up at Sally and smile . old lady no wonder the first Lady fall for he . I know miss dorothy Jones long before the President , when she be still sing jazz down in Atlanta with Harry helmsley . sally I know , she be amazing . ext . front lawn / white house - night the President walk up to the Red Cross tent place on the front lawn . he stop one of the Red Cross volunteer . president wilson who can help I with miss person ? without look up , the young guy respond . red cross volunteer sorry man , I be busy right now . he then recognize who he 's talk to . red cross volunteer ( cont 'd ) I mean , of course sir . I do not realize ... what can I do for you , Mr. President ? the President pat he on the shoulder . ( continued ) 75 . president wilson do not worry about it . you be do a great job son ... a deep , low rumble begin , stop everybody in place . as it build , the President grab onto a tent pole to secure himself . he look out over Washington d.c . his eye grow wide ... the National mall bend like rubber . the tower Washington monument break into piece . a even more deafen sound make he turn -- the Capitol Building rise from behind the tree , lift up by earth 's incredible force . as the whole building break apart , the President be throw to the ground . CUT to : int . command CENTER / AIR force one - day all the officer and scientist be glue to monitor that show satellite image from all over the globe . adrian and prof . West stare in disbelief . science officer the capitol be hit by a 9.4 . Laura enter the command center unnotice . communications officer we lose communication with the White House , sir . she stand there freeze , emotionless . she look over to anheuser , who be shouting order . another officer hand he a phone . lieutenant # 2 President makarenko for you sir . he 's just enter chinese air space . anheuser take the phone and after a beat answer . anheuser that 's affirmative , Mr. President . until communication be restore , I be in command . adrian and Laura look to each other baffle . ( continued ) 76 . anheuser ( cont 'd ) ... it seem all other head of State be en route , however there be unconfirm report that the italian Prime Minister have also decide to stay behind and trust in prayer rather than action ... CUT to : ext . ST . peter' square / rome - dawn Pope benedict XVI hold mass in St. Peter 's basilica . million of follower flood vatican City . it 's a sea of candle . amidst the mass of believer we see the italian Prime Minister Antonioni with he family cling to he . they all be praying . a low rumble . people look around frighten . in the distance we hear scream . int . sistine chapel / ceiling - dawn a few cardinal huddle together in silent prayer under Michelangelo 's famous fresco . most prominent above they be ` the creation of Adam ' . the cardinal look up in horror as the rumbling intensify . a crack form on the ceiling , shoot straight through God touch the finger of Adam . then the whole fresco break apart . ext . ST . peter' square / rome - dawn the people in St. Peter 's square begin to panic -- the entire vatican be lift up in the air . we hold on the Prime Minister and he family , as the basilica collapse onto the flee mass . CUT to : ext . mount corcovado / rio do janeiro - day the giant statue of ` Christ the redeemer ' on mount corcovado . behind it , we see Rio de Janeiro be obliterate by violent quake . ( continued ) 77 . the famous statue of Jesus Christ begin to topple over and crash down the mountain . CUT to : ext . mountain pass / tibet - night neng pang , the young tibetan monk drive he truck up a bumpy mountain pass . his parent huddle in the back of the pick -up . the steering wheel be vibrate badly in he hand as he slide the clutch and downshift . as the vehicle slow on the steep incline , the vibration become much worse . neng worry that the truck may be break down . he pull up and switch off the engine but to he surprise the steering wheel continue to vibrate . look out the windshield , he see the whole earth shaking violently . neng ( in chinese ) hold on back there ! rock fall all around they . CUT to : int . the antonov - night Jackson sit inside one of the luxury car and try the radio . kate open the passenger door and get in . jackson could not sleep huh ? I neither . kate anything ? jackson nothing , just static . not even a emergency signal . kate I can not think about what 's go on down there . Jackson switch off the radio . kate ( cont 'd ) I want to thank you . for come back for we . ( continued ) 78 . jackson I could not have leave you ... silence . they both look out through the front windshield at lilly and noah curl up together . kate do you think people change ? jackson by `people ' be we talk about I ? kate do you think you have change since we separate ? jackson well I certainly eat a lot more cereal now ... kate you know , you always have tunnel vision . you could always just block thing out and write . you block all of we out Jackson . he think about this and can not help ask . jackson do you love he ? Gordon ... kate I love he enough . kate get out of the car and shut the door . he watch she go . CUT to : int . command CENTER / AIR force one - day the computer buzz with the income data . communications officer ... Cho ming report the first tremor , however none higher than 5.0 . anheuser look relieved . then the big news hit . science officer # 1 the crust have begin to shift , prof . West . prof . west by what degree ? ( continued ) 79 . science officer # 1 1.2 percent , but still move . anheuser any clue what to expect next , Professor ? prof . west once the movement of we land mass come to a halt , we expect the formation of tidal wave , sir ... proportional to the magnitude of the corresponding quake . adrian look distress as he turn to one of the officer . adrian do we have any news from the japanese seaboard ? Laura notice adrian 's concern . science officer # 2 we have record two quake average 8.3. she grab adrian 's hand . anheuser see this and he suspicion about they be confirm . a cold little smile appear on he face . CUT to : int . salon / cruise ship - night tony be watch tv with a group of passenger . Harry have just enter and stand near the back of the room . a teenage boy with bad acne search for a available channel that be still broadcasting . he find a news program with lousy reception . newscaster ... Tokyo seem to have take the severity of the hit ... unconfirm report indicate that the entire island of Japan be below water ... the signal get weaker . Harry watch tony slowly stand up . as he turn to he friend , he knee begin to buckle . his face be pale . tony I call ... but I never get through . ( continued ) 80 . harry I be so sorry . tony only stare back at he . behind they , the tv roll to the side , as the whole room begin to tilt . Harry grab on to the door frame , as the passenger along with tony fall like domino . harry ( cont 'd ) tony !! as the ship roll to the side , Harry find himself hang from the door frame now 20 foot off the ground . he 's barely able to pull himself up and roll onto the middle deck . ext . middle deck / cruise ship - night on he back , Harry be shocked to see the star field and the moon shifting across the sky . a eerie sound fill the air . a gigantic swell have form off to he right . it 's a mountain of water . Harry turn to see another gargantuan swell close in from the other side of the ` freedom of the Seas ' . CUT to : ext . shibam / yemen - day the old wall city of shibam be in ruin . the 2,000 - year-old tower lie on the desert ground . hundred of believer have gather to pray towards Mecca . as they raise they hand to heaven in unison , they slow they motion and the chant dissipate . they stare into the distance not know if what they see be reality or only a mirage . a monstrous tidal wave rise from the desert sand thunder towards they . CUT to : ext . white house / WASHINGTON DC - night President Wilson 's body lay between the rubble . as he slowly regains consciousness , all he can hear be the flap sound of the collapse Red Cross tent . ( continued ) 81 . as President Wilson get to he foot , he see -- a tidal wave come sweeping over the remain of the Washington mall and it carry with it the battleship of the 14th fleet of the US navy that be anchore in chesapeake Bay . the President look ahead , calm and peaceful . president wilson I be come home dorothy ... the camera follow the aircraft carrier ` USS John f. Kennedy ' as it slam broadside into the White House . CUT to : int . command CENTER / AIR force one - day hushed voice . anheuser , adrian and prof . West stand amongst a group of officer and analyst . communications officer # 1 all global ground communication have cease sir . communications officer # 2 the only signal we satellite be pick up be come from the vessel in Cho ming . anheuser at least some good news . anheuser turn to adrian . anheuser ( cont 'd ) would we science advisor care to give we he assessment ? adrian we expect enormous tsunamis to reach landfall in every continent . the Cho ming area will be impact in approximately six hour . he nod to one of the analyst , who type in a couple of command . adrian ( cont 'd ) ... and it look like the crust have shift by nearly 23 degree in a south - westerly direction . here 's the computer simulation . ( continued ) 82. everybody stare as the graphic illustrate what happen to planet Earth . adrian ( cont 'd ) we data also show , that we earth 's pole have reverse they magnetic field ... ( pointing ) ... this be they new position . anheuser look at the monitor , then turn to adrian . anheuser so helmsley , what you be tell we here be that ... the north pole be now somewhere in Wisconsin ? silence . adrian clear he throat . adrian it 's the south pole , sir . a alarm signal go off -- CUT to : int . cockpit / antonov - dawn a red light blink on the plane 's instrument panel . yuri ( o.s. ) what 's that ? sasha engine failure . govno ! two of six be down . we must get ready . yuri and Jackson be stand behind the pilot . jackson let 's go wake up the kid . yuri nod and they make they way back to the lower deck . int . cargo hold / antonov - dawn Jackson 's family be all asleep in they seat , lilly in she mom 's lap . she look like a little angel . Jackson can not bear to wake they . he caress lilly 's face . noah ( o.s. ) why do you hate Gordon ? Jackson turn to see noah be awake . ( continued ) 83. jackson what be you talk about ? I do not hate Gordon . noah but you do not like he either . jackson I do not know he that well . noah but I know he . he 's really nice . you should talk to he more often . you guy would get along really well . this break Jackson 's heart . he pull noah tightly to he chest . jackson I will give it a try , noah . I promise . kate open she eye . kate be it time ? Jackson nod . kate ( cont 'd ) wake up lil'bee . we be get ready to land . on the opposite side of the aircraft , yuri and tamara help the twin get into they life vest . noah be suspicious . noah what 's wrong ? Jackson look at he kid . they both look scared . jackson sasha tell we , it could get a little bumpy ... and wet . the antonov jerk to the side . two more engine out . alarm signal flash . ext . antonov - dawn the remain two engine barely hold the plane in the air as it dive into the cloud . 84 . int . cargo hold / antonov - dawn Jackson and he family huddle together . he put he arm around lilly and noah . jackson you daddy have to tell you something . in the background , Gordon climb down from the cockpit . he be about to speak when he hear Jackson 's voice . jackson ( cont 'd ) I know that with my write and work I do not have a lot of time for you both ... Jackson glance at kate . jackson ( cont 'd ) I be not there for you , the way I should have be . Jackson look kate directly in the eye . jackson ( cont 'd ) ... and I be so very sorry for that . Gordon watch as kate pull the kid and Jackson tight . for the first time , they seem a little like the family they once be . gordon ( o.s. ) Jackson , yuri ... I think you guy should come back up here . int . cockpit / antonov - dawn first Jackson and then yuri enter the cockpit . sasha point out of the window . sasha do not ask I how that happen . behind they yuri and Jackson stare at the snow cover mountain of the himalayas . sasha ( cont 'd ) there 's no more ocean , and it look like we be pretty close to where we want to go . gordon it 's as if the whole earth shift by 1500 mile ... ( continued ) 85 . jackson no shit . ( beat ) it 's call ' Earth Crust displacement ' Gordon ... Prof. hapgood , 1958 . Jackson brim with joy . jackson ( cont 'd ) Way to go Charlie ! a jolt ! sasha we lose we last two engine . the plane drop rapidly , nearly scraping the tip of a mountain . sasha and Gordon be do all they can to keep the antonov in the air . a vast glacier spread out in front of they . sasha ( cont 'd ) I will shoot for that glacier . drain the brake fluid . it 's go to get rocky ... there , the blue lever ! the plane plummet , loose altitude fast . sasha ( cont 'd ) listen up guy ! this may sound a little crazy , but here 's what you get to do ... int . cargo hold / antonov - dawn Jackson and yuri come run . yuri yell at he boy . yuri ( in Russian ) get up ! follow I ! tamara yuri bear , what be we do ? yuri we be take the bentley ! int . cockpit / antonov - dawn sasha be struggle with the gyrate wheel . the glitter snow field come fly towards they . ( continued ) 86 . sasha chto za ... Gordon ! we be still too fast ! sasha pull the antonov back up . sasha ( cont 'd ) now ! open it ! Gordon yank with all he might . a loud noise . int . cargo hold / antonov - dawn the cargo door drop open . the antonov be extremely close to the glacier 's surface . Jackson try to start the bentley , but nothing happen . everyone scream in panic . yuri shut up every one ! they all go quiet , except for a few muffle bark from caesar . yuri speak towards the dashboard , slowly and clearly . yuri ( cont 'd ) engine ... start ... the motor revs to life . yuri look at Jackson . yuri ( cont 'd ) Voice control ... sold I on it . int . cockpit / antonov - dawn sasha barely hold on . he yell at Gordon . sasha you turn Gordon ! go ! make sure that they make it out of here before I touch down ! gordon what about you ?! sasha I will be fine ! I have to land this thing ! Gordon hesitates . sasha ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ! ( continued ) 87 . sasha nod at he reassuringly . Gordon bolt out . int . cargo hold / antonov - dawn the cargo door scrape against the glacier , hurl ice everywhere . the bentley roar . yuri ( o.s. ) push it curtis ! jackson we be wait for sasha and Gordon . noah turn and see Gordon . noah tamara ! open the door ! Gordon jump in . tamara yell at he in desperation . tamara where 's sasha ? gordon he say he will be fine and we should get out of here before he touch down . yuri notice tamara 's distress as she keep look back to the cockpit . Jackson slam the pedal down try to gain as much speed as possible to soften they landing . lilly daaadddy ! the bentley shoot out the back of the plane . as it hit the snow , the air bag deploy cushion the passenger . the antonov hit the ice and catapult the rest of the luxury car out of the back cargo hold . they barrel past the bentley like skittles , narrowly miss it as they fly off in opposite direction . the plane skid across the glacier , clipping its wing and cause the aircraft to break apart . sasha have no control anymore and watch helplessly as he shoot towards the ledge in the antonov , plunging into the deep . the plane crash and explode . 88. ext . glacier / tibet - dawn as the snow settles we see that the glacier be scattered with luxury car tomb-stoned in the snow . the bentley be half bury . we hear caesar bark . jackson ( o.s. ) everybody okay back there ? kate ( o.s. ) we be all fine . the door open and Jackson climb out , look around . just above the wind , he hear the SOUND of helicopter blade . one by one the other appear behind Jackson and stare at a surreal sight -- several chinese mil - 26 chopper airlift animal over the mountain pass . giraffe , zebras , even elephant hang by huge strap from this fly machine . one of the smaller helicopter veer from the transport fleet and land near the bentley . armed soldier jump out . they Commander speak to they in a sharp tone . chinese commander welcome to the people 's Republic of China . Jackson nod to they . jackson thank you ... ( to lilly and noah ) say thank you , kid . the other acknowledge the soldier as well . hi ... hello ... chinese commander what color be you pass ? Jackson stand dumbfounded . the Commander repeat . chinese commander ( cont 'd ) what color be you board pass ? still no answer . he yell a order . the soldier point they gun at they . ( continued ) 89 . yuri ( o.s. ) I have green card . surprise , Jackson turn to yuri who 's hold up three green plastic card . yuri ( cont 'd ) for my boy and I . tamara can not believe what she 's hearing . tamara it 's a joke ... a mistake ... ( laughing ) right yuri ? yuri shrug . tamara lunge at he . tamara ( cont 'd ) ( in Russian ) you disgust I . you pig . yuri brushes she off , coldly . and then speak so they can all understand he . yuri you think I do not know about you and sasha ? May god rest that poor bastard 's soul . with that yuri turn to the other . yuri ( cont 'd ) I be sorry guy . good luck . and Jackson remember , if someone want to beat you ... he have to kill you first . come boy ! the twin grab caesar and climb into the helicopter . the dog bark furiously , want to stay with tamara . the next moment , the helicopter take off . gordon what !... do that just happen !? they be strand . CUT to : ext . airfield in cho ming valley / tibet - dawn Air Force one be in the background as Laura , anheuser , and other member of the crew be rush towards a group of wait helicopter . ( continued ) 90 . adrian be a little way back in the middle of the pack . a chinese Officer with a list shout over the noise . chinese officer ( pointing ) Mr. anheuser - you be in chopper 1 . Dr. Wilson the same . Laura and anheuser reach the chopper . a authoritative Naval Officer greet they , and raise he voice . captain michael I be Captain Richard michael . I be the skipper of the american boat sir . after you ! anheuser nod and climb in the chopper . Captain michael help Laura in . adrian arrive just as the chopper door slide shut and it lift off . int . helicopter / cho ming valley / tibet - dawn Laura catch adrian 's look of unease before they soar away . captain michael my sincerest condolence Dr. Wilson , for you father ... Laura 's look thanks he for this . he turn to anheuser . captain michael ( cont 'd ) you party be the last to arrive . anheuser I have be tell of damage ? captain michael we have not complete the assessment but it look like we lose number 4 when the crust shift . Captain michael look up and point into the distance . captain michael ( cont 'd ) there it be ! ext . cho ming valley / tibet - dawn the camera follow the chopper revealing -- nine gigantic oval gate that measure at least 60 storey , build into the face of a mountain . ( continued ) 91 . in front of every gate there be a line of huge ` y ' shape metal support structure , which be the launching tower for the ship . they be each at least 800 foot high . it 's a unparalleled feat of engineering . ext . chopper / cho ming valley - dawn the lead chopper descend onto a platform in front of one of the gate , dwarf against this majestic set . the door slide open and anheuser jump out . Laura follow . she look around in awe . even the utility entrance that lead into the mountain be immense . the Captain guide they into the hollow mountain . in the background we see a angry yuri scream and argue with military personnel , wave he ticket . yuri what do mean we can not board number 4 ? I want to speak to you supervisor . soldier I be the supervisor ! now get in line with all the other while we make arrangement . yuri I want you name ! soldier ( point to he badge ) can you read ? now get the hell back with the other green card , or I will have you detain . the twin stand nearby , hold caesar . they look afraid . CUT to : ext . the glacier / cho ming - dawn Jackson and he group be small speck in a barren landscape . they have make it down the glacier and be now walk over a scree field . it be hard go . Jackson carry lilly . jackson keep think warm thought sweetheart . you be do great . ( continued ) 92 . kate hold noah by the hand . Gordon and tamara trail behind . she 's still very upset . tamara I should have listen to you , Dr. silberman . I actually like the way I look before that monster talk I into it . gordon do you know he ask for a discount ... and he pay in installment ? tamara cheap bastard . gordon you be better off without he . what he say about you and sasha , be it true ? tamara nod silently . tamara now that he 's go I think he be worth a hundred time a man like yuri . suddenly they hear the puttering of a engine . jackson you guy hear that ? in the distance , a old rusty truck come bump down the dirt road . Jackson put down lilly and chase after it . ext . dirt road / near cho ming - dawn neng and he parent drive past , billow a huge cloud of dust just as Jackson reach the road . jackson ( out of breath ) hey ! help ! wait for we ! but neng do not hear he over the rattling truck . Jackson , piss , kick at the rock on the road . jackson ( cont 'd ) shit ! shit ! just then , neng 's mother , sit in the back of the truck , turn and see he tantrum . she bang on the rear window of the cabin . neng look in the mirror and hit the brake . Jackson can not believe he luck . ( continued ) 93. the other show up and they all run towards the truck . CUT to : int . inside mountain / cho ming - dawn anheuser and Laura follow Captain michael and a chinese steward over one of the many board bridge erect inside the cavernous mountain that lead to one of the monstrous ark . Laura stop halfway , gaze in awe -- deep down below , thousand of worker be swarm over the ship , readying it for launch . Laura look up and see the contrast , spot the sheik we meet in the dorchester Hotel as he board comfortably with he huge family . Laura point down at the worker . LAURA Captain michael ? what happen to all that people ? the Captain do not know what to say . anheuser turn . anheuser Dr. Wilson , there 's a protocol for all that . you just stick to you art . we will handle the rest . Laura hate he in that moment . anheuser ( cont 'd ) Captain ? where be the Bridge ? anheuser and Captain michael move away as Laura stand and watch the frantic worker who be now board the animal we see be airlift over the mountain . chinese steward ( o.s. ) Dr. Wilson ? you cabin be this way . Laura have a look of guilt as she follow the steward . CUT to : ext . nampan mountain / east coast of india - sunrise thousands be on the march up the mountain . behind they a valley stretch into the horizon . plume of smoke rise from destroy city in the distance . ( continued ) 94 . amongst the refugee , we discover satnam , the young astrophysicist , hold he little son . the rest of satnam 's family trail behind . distant warning siren pierce the silent march , come from the city below . people start to scream and run , but satnam stand there freeze . he fumble for he satellite phone , then hit a number on its speed dial . int . live quarter / american ship - sunrise adrian be unpack . he lay down he copy of ` farewell atlantis ' just as he cell phone ring . adrian satnam ? ( confuse ) where be you ? satnam ( o.s. ) on the nampan Plateau ... adrian 's face go pale . adrian what ?! satnam there 's a tidal wave come from the East ! it 's huge ! adrian satnam , what happen ? satnam ( o.s. ) we never get pick up , adrian , the airlift never come ! adrian close he eye . ext . nampan mountain / east coast of india - sunrise satnam swallow hard . he stare out into the valley . satnam I have to go ! a wall of undulate foam and debris come roll towards he . a tidal wave of gigantic height . everybody panic and scratch for a higher elevation . but for satnam it be clear , they do not stand a chance . ( continued ) 95 . he pick up he little son , squeezing he tightly to he chest , hum a indian lullaby for the scared child . int . live quarter / american ship - sunrise adrian hear scream on the phone and the deafen sound of the approach wave . he tense up , desperate but unable to do anything . as the noise reach its height , the line go dead . adrian be leave breathless . int . bridge / american ship - sunrise adrian storm onto the bridge . many officer and analyst be at work under Captain michael . adrian do we have the latest satellite image of napam , India ? science officer one moment , sir . anheuser and prof . West step over and join he . anheuser helmsley , what 's go on here ? adrian look like we model be wrong . they all stare at the monitor show several tidal wave come in from the south . adrian ( cont 'd ) satnam be talk about a wave from the East . a science officer select a different quadrant on the satellite display . they all stare at the new tidal wave that 's come from the East of the Cho ming valley . prof . west Jesus ! anheuser be shocked . anheuser what do this mean ? ( continued ) 96 . adrian the flooding will happen earlier . Bobby , can you plug in the new data please ? as the officer do this , prof . West look at adrian with question eye . adrian ( cont 'd ) satnam do not get pick up . prof . West be horrify . science officer ( o.s. ) ready sir . adrian turn back to the monitor and see the new tidal wave that be come towards the Cho ming valley . adrian this one be at least 1500 meter high ! anheuser talk to I helmsley . what do this mean for we ? adrian Bobby , plug in the new data and adjust the count down ? every one on the bridge stare at a display . it read -- 02hr - 09min - 07sec the science officer nervously hit a few key and the display change to -- 00hr - 28min - 10sec ... and count . we see the shock on anheuser 's face . anheuser get I the other head of State . CUT to : ext . gate / cho ming site - early morning neng 's truck , load with Jackson and the other , creep up to the service entrance of the launch site . a lone figure await they . this be neng 's older brother lin , who we see signing up for the ' chinese dam Project ' . lin notice the stranger in the pick - up truck . ( continued ) 97 . lin ( in chinese ) who be they ? neng answer hesitantly . neng we find they by the side of the road , my brother . lin you must send they back . neng I be a follower of the great lama yak La . you know I can not do that . the other watch the interaction but do not understand . Jackson sense a problem . he grab lilly and noah . jackson come with daddy . Gordon and tamara stare perplex as Jackson approach lin with he kid . jackson ( cont 'd ) at least take we child with you . please . lin answer in break English . lin why should I do that ? jackson for the same reason you send for you parent . lin stare at he stone face . in desperation , kate turn to Mrs. pang . kate I have no clue if you understand what I be say , but I ask you as a mother , please take my kid with you ! silence . a beat . the old chinese lady turn to lin . mrs. pang ( in chinese ) we be all child of this earth . lin my plan will not work for so many , mother . ( continued ) 98 . she look up at she son , determine . mrs . pang we will take they all . bata ? Mr. pang nod and reluctantly , lin motion to Jackson to follow . kate bow to Mrs. pang . kate thank you mar 'am . thank you so much . Jackson and the other acknowledge what kate have do . CUT to : int . ship BAY / cho ming - early morning we finally reveal the unbelievable magnitude of this ship yard , build into the hollow belly of the mountain . nine gargantuan vessel be line up next to each other . they size be at least four time that of the ` freedom of the Seas ' . however , they look more like spaceship than anything , have be build aerodynamically to withstand the full force of nature . but only three of this monstrous ark be complete . number 4 be be repair , all the other be still under construction , surround by scaffold . suddenly siren go off ! the board bridge to the finish vessel begin to retract . there 's grow confusion among the thousand of worker and security personnel . int . platform , ship BAY / cho ming - early morning opposite the board bridge , on a large platform , yuri and he boy sit in line with the other wait passenger . they watch as massive stern gate begin to close . yuri jump up and yell to the other . yuri they be leave without we ! the soldier from earlier point he gun at he . soldier what do I tell you ! caesar bark at the guy . ( continued ) 99 . yuri ( pointing ) look ! idiot ! they be leave you behind too ! the soldier turn to the ship and yuri knock he out . he grab he boy and run towards the close gate . all the other passenger surge forward with he . in the distance , on the bow side of the ship , the huge mountain gate of the bay open , revealing a stun view of Cho ming Valley . CUT to : ext . mountain ridge / cho ming - morning lin lead he group over a ridge . in front of they eye -- the gate to the mountain open ! lin ( in chinese ) we have to hurry ! ( to Jackson ) they launch ! we run out of time ! they follow lin rush down the hill , towards one of the many y-shape launch structure tower in front of the gate . neng and kate help Mr. and Mrs. pang down the rocky terrain . int . ship BAY / cho ming - morning a screeching and thunder noise ! the three complete vessel begin to inch forward on metal girder connect the y-shape launch tower . int . live quarter / american ship - morning Laura feel a jolt . she rush out of she small cabin and into a swarm of people move down a cramme endless corridor . she struggle to fight she way through . a digital voice blare over the speaker . computer voice countdown to departure . Launch in 17 minute - 42 second . Laura bump into one of adrian 's Science officer . ( continued ) 100 . LAURA where can I find adrian helmsley ? science officer he 's in the technical Command Centre . follow I . ext . launch site / cho ming valley - morning the three gigantic vessel emerge from the mountain , into the open . support helicopter swarm around they like fly . ext . beneath a launching tower / cho -ming - morning lin and he group look like ant as they scale the metal ladder of one of the launch tower . int . bridge / american ship - morning verbal command fly back and forth . anheuser watch the preparation from a large window . he look over to the command bridge of the other vessel as they continue to be pull into place . int . command bridge / other ship - morning we cut to the various head of State , all at they command post . ext . top of launching tower / cho ming - morning a hatch open at the top of the launch tower . lin be the first to climb out . right before he eye , the hull of the american ship slowly creep towards he . he 's but a speck against this man-made behemoth . lin hastily pull the other up . lin ( in chinese ) faster , neng ! help father ! mother , give I you hand . it 's a race against time . the huge ship 's hull close in fast . lin and he family crawl up the side arm while Jackson hurry to pull up the rest of the group . lilly freeze at the sight of the approach ship . ( continued ) 101 . jackson move lil'bee ! Jackson rip she out of harm 's way , just in time . in a frenzy , he push she up the support arm where the other be already huddle on a small platform . as the tower wall of steel pass by they , inch from they face , Mr. pang lose he balance . Jackson and lin both see this , but Jackson be closer -- he grab the old man by he arm , save he from fall to he death . for the first time , lin acknowledge Jackson with a nod . ext . ship BAY / cho ming site - morning the three complete ship be half way out , grind to they final launching position . a mob of passenger lead by yuri have fight they way to the ship . more and more people join they , include soldier . ext . top of launching tower / cho ming - morning lin , Jackson and the group be huddle on the platform . the sound of scream people make they turn . the storming mass have arrive at the access platform . there be now a huge drop off between they and the tail of the ship . tamara ( pointing ) oh my god , that 's yuri ! next to yuri be he twin , hold caesar . she yell ! tamara ( cont 'd ) caesar ! ext . access platform / cho ming site - morning the little dog hear tamara and jump out of oleg 's arm , leaping onto one of the thick cable , that connect the platform with the launching tower . alec and oleg attempt to run after caesar , but yuri grab they by they neck . yuri let that stupid dog go ! ( continued ) 102 . he 's panicked . the arrive mass be push they to the drop off at the edge of the platform . ext . top of launching tower / cho ming - morning the ship have reach its target position . a small hatch line up directly in front of lin and he group . lin ( in chinese ) okay . now ! one by one they all climb into the hatch . Jackson be the last in , notice that tamara have stay back . jackson tamara ! come on ! get in ! she do not move , anxiously wait for she beloved dog darting towards she . ext . access platform / cho ming site - morning the mob push at yuri and he boy . passenger on either side tumble off the platform . yuri watch one of they fall , hit he head against a tiny ledge 8 foot below . to he right , he see a small ladder lead down . yuri ( in Russian ) down there ! oleg , you go first ! as they hurry down the ladder , people keep tumble into the deep . reaching the ledge , oleg discover caesar run towards tamara . oleg daddy look , tamara ! yuri can not believe he eye . ext . top of launching tower / cho ming site - morning the hatch behind tamara begin to move . the hydraulic support be be lift , sealing up the vessel . tamara caesar darling ! Jackson reach out from the close hatch . ( continued ) 103 . jackson tamara ! get in ! tamara climb inside the hatch and turn . tamara come to mommy ! caesar leap into she arm only second before the hatch seal . as a last gesture , tamara stick out she arm and give yuri the finger . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - morning lin lead the group into a long and narrow chamber where the hydraulics for the tail gate be locate . he open a tool cabinet , retrieve a giant electrical power drill , almost too big to be carry by one person . lin climb to a hatch near the ceiling and begin to unscrew the huge bolt . he look at Jackson . lin I need you help . int . technical command CENTER / american ship - day Laura and the Science Officer enter the technical Command Center . she find adrian stare at a wall of monitor show the horrifying scenario on the platform . people be fall to they death in large number in they desperation to board the ship . LAURA what in god 's name be happen adrian ? adrian anheuser convinced they all to launch . outside , panic worker , scream for they life ! desert passenger wave they green card ! adrian make a decision and rush out . int . bridge / american ship - day anheuser turn hearing adrian storming onto the bridge . adrian anheuser ! we have to stop this madness . ( continued ) 104 . with that , adrian turn to the communication Officer . adrian ( cont 'd ) Bobby , make sure the other bridge can hear this . the officer hesitates as Laura enter in the background . anheuser what do you think you be do ? adrian I know exactly what I be do . ( to Bobby ) turn it on ! Bobby flick a switch . adrian 's voice echoe through all the ship . adrian ( cont 'd ) this be adrian helmsley , science advisor to President Wilson ... int . bridge / european ship - day the german chancellor turn to one of the technician on the bridge of the european ship . german chancellor can you please turn up the volume , Mr. hoffmann ? next to she stand the british and french Prime minister . adrian ( o.s. ) I know we have all be involved in make difficult decision ... to save we human civilization ... int . bridge / american ship - day anheuser look on stoney face . adrian ... but to be human mean to care for each other , and civilization mean to work together to create a better life . if that 's true there be nothing human and nothing civilized about what we be do here . ask yourselves ... can we really stand by and let all that people out there die ? Laura watch he proudly . ( continued ) 105 . adrian ( cont 'd ) a civilization that allow that , do not deserve to survive . ( pause ) or at least I do not want to be part of it . anheuser cut in with sarcasm . anheuser we will miss you helmsley but somehow we will get by . Officer switch that off . the Communications Officer look at adrian . anheuser ( cont 'd ) that 's a order soldier . adrian do not do it ! int . bridge / asian ship - day the Russian President , together with the head of state from China and Japan , listen in as adrian respond . adrian ( o.s. ) we have to open we gate and let this people in . all of they . int . bridge / american ship - day anheuser have have enough . anheuser have you lose you mind ? look at the countdown . we have less than five minute leave ... and none of we ship have the resource to feed that people . if you save they today we all starve tomorrow . he 's almost scream now . anheuser ( cont 'd ) do you wanna be responsible for the extinction of the human race ? can you handle that , adrian ?! silence . adrian 's battle seem lose . but he do not give up , and instead speak softly now . ( continued ) 106 . adrian there be a young astrophysicist from India who be the reason we be all here , try to give mankind a second chance . he 's the one who discover it all , the one who connect the dot . we all owe he we life . all eye be glue to adrian . adrian ( cont 'd ) I just learn that he be kill with he family by a tsunami in eastern India . you know why ? adrian stare anheuser in the eye as he continue . adrian ( cont 'd ) he die because we forget to pick he up . ( pause ) I beg you ... whatever we future hold do not let we start it with a act of cruelty . what will you tell you child ... and they child ? silence . Laura step up alongside adrian . LAURA if my father be here , he would open the gate . adrian and Laura share a look . russian president ( o.s. ) the people of Russia along with ... int . bridge / asian ship - day his asian colleague nod in approval . russian president ... China and Japan agree to open the gate . int . bridge / european ship - day the german chancellor speak up . german chancellor the United Kingdom , Spain , France and Germany , and I believe I can also speak for the italian Prime Minister ... 107 . int . bridge / american ship - day german chancellor ( o.s. ) ... we vote to open the gate . Laura and adrian watch anheuser shaking he head in defeat . Bobby , the Communications Officer smile with relief . adrian turn to the Captain . adrian Captain michael , you hear they . ext . launch site / cho ming valley - day one by one the gigantic gate at the stern of the three ship begin to creek open . the mass gather on the platform cheer wildly ! int . zoological BAY / american ship - day lilly crawl through the connecting tunnel meeting up with kate in a large bay on the other side . lilly phew ... it stink in here . together with neng and he parent , they all look up in disbelief -- a giraffe , chew she cud , smile down at they . caesar bark at she . tamara sssh ... caesar . a second later , hundred of different animal respond . they be in the zoological bay . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Gordon help noah up the small ladder lead to the connect tunnel . just as he go to hand he Jackson 's backpack , the hydraulic motor begin to growl ! lin look up in panic . he scream . lin they be open the gate ! it will crush we ! the whole ceiling begin to lower towards they . from down below , Jackson see he son about to be hit by it . ( continued ) 108 . jackson noah ! watch out ! Gordon make a split second decision . with all he strength , he shove the boy into the tunnel . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day from the other side of the tunnel , kate watch as the metal ceiling miss noah by a hair , but catch Gordon , wiping he off the ladder . kate no ! int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Jackson watch helplessly as Gordon fall past he . he survive he landing and desperately try to grab on to the sloping surface , but he can not . he slip . Gordon be crush between the gear , share he last look with Jackson before he die . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day kate help a tremble noah out of the tunnel . noah something happen , mom . kate pull he close and shut she eye tightly . she fight back the tear . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Jackson and lin know they be run out of time , they remain space be shrink every second . jackson we have to stop it ! lin grab the huge electrical power drill nearby and attempt to jam it between the hydraulic arm and the wall . as it dig deeper into the metal , the hydraulic start to slow down . 109 . ext . access platform / cho ming - day still on the ledge , yuri and the boy watch as the huge board gate lower towards they . they be trap . just then , the gate begin to slow , but surely they will be crush . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day back in the chamber , lin still struggle with the drill . suddenly he slip . Jackson manage to catch he fall . but in the process lin 's foot get catch between the gear , mangle it . he scream in pain as the hydraulic slowly grind towards a halt . jackson you do it , man . you do it . in great pain , lin grin back at he . ext . launch site / cho ming valley - day the gate of the ship hit the access platform with a thunder noise . people begin to rush on board . int . bridge / american ship - day alarm signal go off . the Captain turn to one of he officer . captain michael what 's wrong with the gate ? officer I do not know . maybe there 's something jam it , sir . the countdown on the monitor read 2 minute . 40 sec. Laura and adrian share a worried look . we hear a hollow bell ring ! CUT to : ext . yak LA monastery / tibet - day lama yak La ring the large bronze bell of he monastery . ( continued ) 110 . the booming sound echoe through the Cho ming valley . as a gentle wind catch the lama 's clothes , he look up -- a tidal wave of immeasurable proportion crest the mountain . the lama continue to strike the bell as the monastery be wipe clean from the earth . CUT to : int . bridge / american ship - day the technician desperately try to figure out what 's wrong . a officer wave adrian over . surveillance officer Sir , we have a breach in the zoological bay . adrian can you zoom in ? the video camera move in on kate , noah and lilly . adrian can not believe he eye . he turn to Laura . adrian ( cont 'd ) I know that kid . remember the book I tell you about ? they father write it . Captain michael shout across the room . captain michael we be load . we can close the gate sir . anheuser do it ! anheuser look nervously at the countdown . it read 1:34 ext . access platform / cho ming site - day above yuri and the boy , people be leaping from the access platform onto the stern gate of the american ship . yuri look for a hole in the flow of people before seize he chance and lift the first of he boy up . yuri ( in Russian ) pull yourself up ! oleg manage to reach up and hold onto the gate . ( continued ) 111 . Inside the ship , officer yell . deck officer ( o.s. ) to the lower deck people ! the gate suddenly screech back into life and begin to close . yuri double he effort lift alec higher , but alec can not quite reach . yuri strain with all he effort before decide . yuri oleg ! catch you brother ! yuri leap forward hold alec out in he arm . oleg manage to grab he brother 's hand as yuri let go and fall into the deep crevasse below . he make no noise until he hit the rock beneath . oleg pull he brother from above . int . inside loading gate / american ship - day a siren blast . both of yuri 's son be now on deck . a load officer pull they back , away from the gate . deck officer boy , you gotta move . alec we wait for we father ! he 's still down there ! the load officer attempt to comfort they . deck officer there 's no one down there . ( gentle ) come on boy , come ... the Officer and the boy look back as the stern gate slowly close . but with a screeching sound it grind to a halt . the gate be jamme open leave a twenty foot gap . int . bridge / american ship - day alarm sound . anheuser and the Captain stare at the monitor . anheuser why be the stern gate not close ? ( continued ) 112 . captain michael something 's wrong with the hydraulics , sir . adrian ( o.s. ) Captain , over here . they race over . adrian point to a monitor . adrian ( cont 'd ) I think we find the problem . on the monitor , they see Sarah and the other desperately wait for Jackson and lin . adrian ( cont 'd ) how do they get in there ? surveillance officer they must have come through the hydraulic chamber . there ... Bobby , the surveillance Officer , select a different camera and we now see inside the tunnel in which Jackson be pull along a wounded lin . LAURA that guy be injure . something must have go wrong . anheuser you be damn right something go wrong ! congratulation helmsley , you may have just kill we all but as long as you conscience be clean ... adrian try to ignore this . adrian let 's get a emergency crew there right now . I will meet they at the hydraulic chamber . anheuser sneer he , shoot a look to Laura . anheuser you think you be the main man now , just because you fuck the President 's daughter ? without think , adrian turn and punch anheuser hard in the face . he drop to the floor , out cold . everyone stand in stunne silence . Laura smile . adrian look around . ( continued ) 113. adrian what be you all wait for ? they speed off . the countdown read 0 minute . 53 sec . CUT to : ext . airfield / tibet - day further down in the valley , the tidal wave have reach the Cho ming airfield , blast away the plane with overwhelming force . ext . launch site / cho ming valley - day the massive propeller of the ship begin to turn . however , the prop of the american ship do not move . in the background , the huge tidal wave come thunder towards they . int . hallway / american ship - day a impact warning sound as adrian and Laura race through the cramme hallway with member of the rescue crew . one of the officer explain . technical officer if we can not close the stern gate , then the engine will not start . adrian there 's no way to override it ? technical officer no sir , it have to be do manually . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day kate , noah and lilly watch as Jackson near the end of the tunnel with lin . neng comfort he brother who 's about to pass out . neng ( in chinese ) almost there , lin ... CUT to : 114 . ext . launch site / cho ming valley - day the wave finally hit ! all three vessel be now engulf in churn water . they rock back and forth . only the huge support tower they be rest on , keep they anchore . int . inside loading gate / american ship - day a new alarm sound as water begin to shoot through the open stern gate of the american ship . the people on the load bay panic , among they we see alec and oleg . int . hallway / american ship - day the same alarm ring out in the hallway of the ship . Laura , adrian and they party be all brace against the corridor , as the vessel undulate back and forth . surveillance officer Water have penetrate the stern ! Laura look unsure . LAURA what now ? surveillance officer the rear of the ship will start sealing itself up one compartment at a time . adrian look at he . adrian then how will we get to the hydraulic chamber ? surveillance officer if we do not hurry , we will not be able to . despite the violent movement of the ship , adrian push on down the corridor towards the back of the boat . they follow . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day Water be also now rush into the Zoological Bay and only the giraffe can manage to keep she head dry . Jackson be not yet out of the tunnel with a unconscious lin. ( continued ) 115 . kate shout across to tamara . kate tamara ! take lilly and noah . kate reach in to help Jackson as tamara begin to move with lilly . noah remain back with he mother . Jackson finally make it through with lin . kate be almost tearful with relief to see he . kate ( cont 'd ) I be so worried about you . suddenly the Zoological bay begin to seal itself off . lilly , already in the next compartment with tamara and she dog , scream out as a chamber door quickly slide up , from the floor to the ceiling . it separate lilly from she family . lilly mummy ! Jackson and kate turn but it 's too late . they only catch a glimpse of lilly before they be seal in . the water level continue to rise . int . ante - chamber zoological BAY / american ship - day panicked , tamara turn and look around . down the corridor , in the distance , she see adrian , Laura and the rescue crew approach . but between they she spot the next chamber door rise quickly . tamara lilly run ! lilly start move as tamara turn and pick up caesar . move quickly , lilly be able to climb up and over the fast rise door . but as she dangle from the other side , she look down and be too scared to jump . tamara ( o.s ) ( cont 'd ) lilly ! take he . lilly look up and see two hand strain to hold caesar above the quickly narrowing gap . in a courageous move , lilly grab the little dog before he get crush and together they fall to the ground . ( continued ) 116 . back on the other side of the chamber door , tamara look around . she be trap now as the water continue to rush in . int . connecting corridor / zoological BAY - day Laura pick lilly up and comfort she . adrian realize they be too late . he turn to the rescue crew . adrian be there any way to talk to they ? lilly be close to tear . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day the water continue to flood in as Jackson help neng with he unconscious brother . jackson we have to move he higher . ( look around ) over there ! suddenly , a violent shake throw they all off balance , pitching they into the water . ext . launch pillar / under water - day in the debris-filled , murky water we see that the fuselage of Air Force one have slam against the first of the ship 's launch tower . slowly it begin to bend , finally give way . the other launch tower follow like dominos . the ship be rip from its anchorage and send drift sideways , rudderless . int . bridge / american ship - day Chaos . fear . everybody hold on for dear life . ext . launch site / cho ming valley - day the vessel be sweep away , over the mountain ridge . int . hallway / american ship - day alec and oleg scream , desperately try to hold on as the whole ship capsize . 117 . ext . darjeeling valley / himalaya - day the giant ship drift upside down and rudderless - smashed around by the debris and raging water . but then , as it hit another ridge , it roll right side up and seem to steady itself . however , the strong current continue to force it through the mountain range of the himalayas . int . bridge / american ship - day the officer try to regain some control . naval officer move at 34 knot , sir . captain michael what be we position ? navigation officer darjeel valley , head south east , sir . the Captain 's face drop . captain michael you must be kid ! int . zoological BAY / american ship - day the water rise fast as kate see the severity of lin 's wound for the first time . kate we need something to stop the bleed or he will die . a split second later noah hold out he belt . noah mum , will this do ? suddenly Jackson hear a voice over a speaker . adrian ( over a speaker ) Mr. curtis ... I be adrian helmsley . we meet once before . you daughter be with I . kate scream with relief . ( continued ) 118. kate lilly ! int . connecting corridor / zoological BAY - day adrian be use a emergency wall intercom , with Laura next to he , hold lilly . lilly I be alright Mom ! caesar bark . int . ante - chamber zoological BAY / american ship - day tamara hear caesar over the speaker in she compartment and smile with relief . she be struggle to stay afloat though , and be run out of air . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day Jackson discover the wall speaker . he move closer to it . adrian ( o.s. ) we can not get to you . whatever you do , jamme the hydraulics . if you can not get it out ... none of we will make it . int . connecting corridor / zoological BAY - day all eye be on adrian as he speak . adrian you be we only hope . adrian look at Laura . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day jackson I will go back . I will try my best . noah I will go with you . jackson you stay with mommy . Jackson look at kate . ( continued ) 119 . jackson ( cont 'd ) I will be right back ... the water be up to they chest now . Jackson take a breath and disappear underwater . int . bridge / american ship - day back on the bridge , anheuser regains consciousness and get to he foot . his nose be bleed . he look around he . anheuser Captain , what 's happen ? the Captain look at he annoyed . captain michael what 's happen ?... ( pause ) we be head straight for the north face of mount everest , Mr. anheuser . anheuser look at he dumbfounded as he stumble to the window and see the massive rock face of mount everest in the distance . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Jackson swim down into the dark chamber and reach the jamme power tool , pull at it . but it do not budge . int . ante - chamber zoological BAY / american ship - day the water level in tamara 's compartment be at its height now and she go under . she struggle below the surface for a moment , look around desperately for a way out but there be none . tamara drown . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Jackson manage to find a air pocket . he fill up he lung with air and think hard . as he strip off he jacket , he seem to have a plan . he dive under again . 120 . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day lin be be hold up in the water by he brother and parent . kate have wrap the belt around he lower leg and now pull it tight . lin scream . noah use this as the moment to dive underwater , unnotice , to go and help he father . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day back under water , Jackson be use the extension cord of the power drill to pull himself down to the tool cabinet . Jackson open it , retrieve a giant crowbar . he begin to use it to dislodge the tool but it 's hard work . int . bridge / american ship - day anheuser and everybody on the bridge stare as the north face of mount everest be almost upon they . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day kate and the pang be desperately close to run out of air now , but despite this , kate still tend to lin . after a moment she turn and be first confuse then horrify to see that noah be nowhere to be find . kate noah ! int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Jackson pull with all he might , but he can not quite shift the drill . to he surprise , a pair of young hand join he on the handle of the crowbar . noah be alongside he now , help . work as father and son , they manage , little by little , to loosen it before finally the drill come free . adrian give noah the thumb up and the boy head back to the surface . Jackson go to follow but in the last moment he spot the knapsack contain he laptop . he dive back down for it . 121. int . zoological BAY / american ship - day noah emerge from the water . noah Mom , we do it ! kate pull he to she , relieved he be safe . noah smile and call out towards the nearly submerge speaker . int . connecting corridor / zoological BAY - day lilly and Laura wait nervously . they hear a muffle voice . noah ( o.s. ) we get it free . can you hear I ? we do it ! adrian leap up when he hear this . he flick a button on the intercom . adrian Captain michael - close the gate ! int . bridge / american ship - day hear this , the Captain yell the eagerly await order . captain michael that 's affirmative . Close the gate ! technical officer ay , ay , Sir . ext . darjeeling valley / himalayas - day we hear a booming sound as the tail gate finally seal . int . hydraulic chamber / american ship - day Jackson reach he knapsack , but when see noah 's cell phone lie next to it , he make a decision and reach for that instead . he hear the muffle sound of the engine and smile . but as he turn to swim back , he face freeze -- he 's look into the lifeless eye of Gordon , who float inch from he face . 122. ext . propellers / american ship - day the gigantic propeller fight against the current , hit rock at the base of the mountain . int . bridge / american ship - day the battle seem hopeless . Captain michael yell at the top of he lung . captain michael engage starboard stabilizer ! officer one be engage ... two be engage ... number three be out , sir ! the vessel scrape against the rock , throw anheuser to the floor . ext . darjeeling valley / himalaya - day the giant ship escape the mountain with a inch to spare . int . bridge / american ship - day everyone on the bridge watch in awe as mount everest , earth 's high peak , drift slowly past . after a long beat , they begin to holler and cheer . int . zoological BAY / american ship - day kate hear the cheering come from the speaker . the water level stop rise but she still look around in panic . kate noah ! where be he ? noah begin to cry . noah he be just behind I ... finally ! Jackson burst out of the water and take a lungfull of wonderful air . kate and noah be overjoy . the pang smile to one another . Jackson look kate squarely in the eye . ( continued ) 123. jackson if you would ever consider to give I another chance ... I promise , I will always be there when you need I . kate embrace he tightly . kate whatever you do ... I will never let you go again . noah be all smile . fade to black 2013 we hear a voice . adrian ( o.s. ) ... Day 988 . no one be wait for anything to happen ... fade up the camera move over the last line of Jackson 's novel . int . sleeping quarter / american ship - day adrian sit in he cabin , he copy of ` farewell atlantis ' in he lap . adrian ... and all we can hear be the sound of we own breathe that remind we we be still share we memory , hope and idea . opposite he , Laura sit listen to he read . adrian ( cont 'd ) ... and funny , just today we find out that the entire crew of the atlantis , somehow or another , have relative in Wisconsin . ( pause ) the end . adrian close the book . there 's a moment of silence . LAURA how many copy do you say that sell ? ( continued ) 124 . adrian less than 500 . ( with a smile ) it 's what you might call a cult classic . Laura look at he grin . LAURA it seem we have very different taste Mr. helmsley ? adrian ( playful ) well that 's healthy Dr. Wilson . something we could maybe explore ... unless you have other press engagement . LAURA actually my diary 's pretty open . the intimate moment be cut short . officer ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) Mr. helmsley to the bridge please . int . hallway / american ship - day adrian and Laura make they way to the bridge . captain michael ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , this be Captain michael speak . in a few minute , I will be give the order to unseal the deck . int . front deck / american ship - day Jackson and he family stand amongst thousand of other people who be gather in anticipation . captain michael ( o.s. ) please be careful when you step out and of course ... enjoy the fresh air . Jackson kneel down and zip up lilly 's jacket . she be hold caesar , whose still wear he diamond collar . lilly daddy ? when can we go back home ? ( continued ) 125 . jackson there 's nothing we can go back to lil'bee . whatever 's out there , that 's we home now . do not be scared . lilly I be not daddy . no more pull-up . jackson ( proudly ) that 's my big girl . Jackson squeeze lilly 's shoulder . oleg ( o.s. ) can we pet he ? lilly turn to see yuri 's boy stand next to she . lilly of course you can . he 's you doggie . the boy both smile at she . int . bridge / american ship - day adrian and Laura enter the bridge . adrian you call for I , sir ? captain michael prof . West have something to show you , Mr. helmsley . the Captain direct he to a monitor . captain michael ( cont 'd ) look like you scientific projection be way off again . the Captain grin at prof . West . prof . west the water be recede much faster than we project , adrian ... a monitor reveal a image of the African continent , however its shape change dramatically . the image of the southern tip be enlarge . LAURA what 's that ? ( continued ) 126 . prof . west it 's hard to believe , but the himalayas be no longer the roof of the world . it 's now the drakensberg mountain of Kwa -Zulu natal . the whole African continent have rise several thousand foot and most likely , never even flood . captain michael we european colleague have already set course for it . Captain michael hand adrian a short wave radio . captain michael ( cont 'd ) here , somebody want to talk to you . adrian curious , grab the mic . adrian this be helmsley . we hear a muffle , raspy voice through the speaker . int . command bridge / freedom of the seas - day Harry helmsley stand beside the cruise ship 's Captain . voice no , this be helmsley . adrian ( o.s. ) dad !... be that you ? int . command bridge / american ship - day adrian be ecstatic . Captain michael explain . captain michael we should have a visual of the ` freedom of the Seas ' shortly . adrian dad . we be come to pick you guy up . how 's tony ? int . command bridge / freedom of the seas - day Harry look over at tony who 's listen , smile . harry helmsley he 's fine , son . we be all fine . ( continued ) 127 . adrian ( o.s. ) see you guy soon . bye dad . Harry hang up . he pick up tony , embrace he wildly . int . command bridge / american ship - day adrian , still excited from speak with he dad , grab Laura and kiss she on the lip . she squeal . anheuser ( o.s. ) put that woman down helmsley . adrian look at anheuser , unsure of what he might say . anheuser ( cont 'd ) Young guy like you with you idealistic dream , you think you can change the world ... adrian and Laura exchange a look . anheuser ( cont 'd ) I just pray to God , that you keep on make the right call ... in this new world of ours . adrian nod and with a smile to Laura turn to leave . anheuser ( cont 'd ) Mr. helmsley , one more thing . adrian turn back . anheuser ( cont 'd ) there be no one . adrian pardon I ? anheuser there be no white kid better than you . I be terribly sorry I say that . anheuser put out he hand . adrian take it . int . front deck / american ship - day captain michael ( o.s. ) this be you Captain speak . standby to open deck 1. officer stand by sir. ( continued ) 128. neng push he brother lin in a wheelchair onto the deck next to he parent . Mrs. pang turn to she husband . mrs. pang ( in chinese ) I wonder will the cloud look the same and the star ? mr.pang do not fear . some thing will never change . the old chinese man force a little smile . closer to the front of this crowd Jackson approach noah . jackson I think you might want this . he take noah 's cell phone from he pocket and hand it to he . noah do you think I will still get a signal ... dad ? Jackson be touch to hear he use that word . he smile and hug he . adrian , Laura and anheuser arrive alongside they . adrian I finally finish you book Jackson . kate really ? you may well be the first person who ever get to the end . Jackson look at she , smile playfully . jackson Excuse I , I believe he 's address the author . well , what do you think ? adrian smile . adrian I would say ... that astronaut of yours would be shitting themselves , if they know all they relative be now stick in the South pole . suddenly a horn sound and the seal deck door let off a burst of pressurise air . a murmur go through the crowd . everyone be silent as the huge deck door slowly begin to roll back and light stream in . ( continued ) 129 . the pang family try to see over people 's head , even anheuser look hopeful . Jackson pull he family close as the first ray of daylight hit they face . ext . american ship / somewhere in the himalayas - day hatches unseal all around the ship . Sun stream through the cloud . everywhere people emerge outside , into the light of day . a majestic moment . ext . front deck / american ship - day they all stare in awe at the water recede against the ice - cover mountain peak . caesar let out a yelp of joy . almost as soon as the door have open , the ship 's helicopter take off , fly towards a stun site -- the ` freedom of the Seas ' be perch on a mountain peak , surround by calm water . behind it , they see the most beautiful rainbow . this be the new world . and again we hear mozart 's adagio ... the end