20th century woman by Mike Mills ext . ocean - day High overhead shot look down on the Pacific Ocean . title : santa barbara , 1979 . ext . santa barbara - von parking lot - day wide on a plume of black smoke rise high into the air . closer on a 1965 Ford galaxy engulf in flame . dorothea ( 55 , short grey hair , Amelia earhart androgyny ) and jamie ( 15 , New - Wave / punk ) jog they shopping cart toward the commotion , stunne to find they car in flame . dorothea look at the car and then at she son Jamie , concerned . people run for help . siren in the background . dorothea ( v.o . ) that be my husband 's Ford galaxy . we drive Jamie home from the hospital in that car . jamie ( v.o. ) my mom be 40 when she have I . everyone tell she she be too old to be a mother . dorothea ( v.o. ) I put my hand through the little window , and he have squeeze my finger , and I would tell he life be very big , and unknown ; jamie ( v.o. ) and she tell I that there be animal and sky and city , dorothea ( v.o. ) Music , movie . he have fall in love , have he own child , have passion , have meaning , have he mom and dad . visual 1 . baby in isolette visual 2 . dorothea 's hand open isolette window and putting hand through 3 . baby 's finger holding hand 4 . star in space visual 5 . muybridge footage of animal 6 . still of the sky 7 . CITY from dorothea 's era visual 8 . back to dorothea 's hand open isolette window and putting hand through 9 . baby 's finger holding hand . jamie ( v.o. ) when they get divorced , my father move back east and leave the car with we . he call on birthdays and Christmas . last time I feel close to he be on my birthday in 1974 , he buy I mirrore sunglass . I see the president fall down the stair , and I throw up on the 2 . visual 1 . 15 year old jamie on phone do a require call with he father 2 . hand deliver mirrore sunglass to 8 year old jamie on miniature golf course 3 . president ford fall down stair on the tv at golf and fun 4 . worker clean STAR field carpet in arcade carpet . int . dorothea 's live room dorothea and Jamie slouch on couch , with '' jeeve '' the cat , watch she favorite film casablanca . dorothea ( v.o. ) since then it 's just be we . track in on television play the famous end of the film . rick / bogart you be get on that plane . ilsa / bergman I do not understand what about you ? rick / bogart I be stay here with he till the plane get 's safely away . ilsa / bergman no Richard , what have happen to you , last night .... back to von parking lot : the hulk of the car sit in a foamy whipped cream puddle . the FIRE department clean up . police be there . dorothea be gregarious with the firemen who work around her . jamie watch , still stunned , life surprise . dorothea listen , Captain . I be have a party tonight , it 's my birthday actually , and I would like you to drop by so I can feed you FIRE chief it 's not necessary Mrs. field . dorothea it 's dorothea - no , I insist , please ? that way I can thank you . she hand she address to they . ext . parking lot - side of FIRE truck - day Jamie and dorothea sit on a side bumper of a fire truck , movement around they . they look small , sit close , grocery at they foot . dorothea watch Jamie . the fire scared she . she look vulnerable . dorothea that be a beautiful car . jamie Mom , it smell like gas and overheate all the time , and it be just old ... dorothea 's surprised , she do not know they feel so differently about the car . dorothea ( what ? ) well it be not always old . dorothea go to touch he hair . he bend away from she hand . Jamie turn to he mom , try to explain the contemporary world to she . jamie you know , when the firemen come , people do not usually invite they over for dinner . camera track away , revealing they like refugee in the parking lot . dorothea yeah ? why not ? MAIN title on black : 20 th century women int . mary 's therapy place - day camera pan across teen therapy girl ( improvise therapy talk ) , see a circle of 6 other teen girl have therapy , land on julie ( 17 , something subversive below she good look ) similarly bored . the therapist mary , ( 40 's academic ) listen . Julie stare at Mary , criticality brewing inside of she . ext . outside mary office Julie light up a cigarette , she real self , get on she bike . ext . montecito street - day Julie smoke and ride she bike , she real self more on view . int . obgyn office abbie ( 28 , sophisticate NYC art - punk type ) stand in gown in obgyn office , look confuse , vulnerable , but armed with a late 70 's clunky Nikon camera . she study she doctor put a swab into a tube , write she name ; she take a photograph . turn and take a photo of the room , she doctor be use to this . she watch a assistant come in and take the swab ( and she future fate ) in its plastic container away - go down the hall , and disappear around a corner . int . hospital hallway the technician carry the little swab down the hall , ina clear plastic bag . int . dorothea 's side door abbie walk in , look lose , put she bag down in the kitchen . int . abbie 's room now in she room , talk head play loudly , she pain peak and she begin to dance alone . ext . dorothea 's house Julie ride she bike past a line of old vws and a old 30 's chevy . int . dorothea 's house Julie enter the house , walk towards william ( mid 40' post hippie type ) . 5 . William take on a major job on he own ( tear down ceiling in entry way ) . reveal that this be a big house , need repair under serious renovation . william oh , hey , sorry . Jamie 's not here right now . Julie walk past this . follow the sound of music upstairs . int . hallway / abbie 's room Julie can see abbie dance through a partially open door , abbie captivate she , she walk towards the room , abbie see she , snap out of she dance , turn off the record . Julie enter , abbie 's still troubled by she obgyn visit , Julie can not really take she eye off abbie . abbie they be not home . abbie take she picture . julie do not . that do not stop abbie . not mean , just stubborn . abbie I be take picture of everything that happen to I in a day . julie I do not like have my picture take . I do not happen to you . she take another . int . dorothea 's kitchen area dorothea and Jamie make they way to the kitchen with all the grocery . dorothea hello . william hey . William enter and help they , Julie and abbie enter a beat later . dorothea hi . she hand William a bag of grocery . dorothea you be not go to believe what happen . jamie we car burst into flame in the parking lot . julie seriously ? william you ok ? abbie how do it happen ? dorothea I do not know , they say probably just something electrical . we walk out and it be just sit there , on fire . life 's surprise . william oh man , I be sorry . everyone 's perplex . William help unload grocery . Julie and Jamie improv in background . 7 . dorothea pull abbie aside , look at her , abbie doesn ’t want to share . dorothea so , what happen ? abbie they never tell you anything , I will not know for like a week . dorothea give she a encourage look . abbie ( cont ’d ) I be gonna be late on rent . dorothea that 's okay , do not worry about that . abbie thanks . abbie look at dorothea with love and admiration . int . jamie 's bedroom - day Jamie lie flat on he bed . Julie 's next to he , processing , earnestly worried for he . julie what if you have be in the car ? he shrug , gesture with he hand . she lay beside he on she side . she trace a finger across he hair , he forehead , nose , chest , they hand touch . jamie I would not be here . you would have miss I ? julie ( yeah ) do not joke . she trace a finger across he hair , he forehead , nose , chest , they hand touch . he put he hand on she bare knee , start to slide up she leg . she easily pull he hand off . julie ( cont 'd ) it be so much easier before you get all horny . he 's try this before , but he be really just she friend . he lean away from she . jamie ( cont 'd ) it 's not like you , do not - julie do it ? she like that she do it . he smile , use to she love of be provocative . then serious . julie ( cont 'd ) Friends can not have sex and still be friend . she snuggle he again innocently , press she face into he arm . julie ( cont 'd ) I like we like we be - ok ? jamie ok ? off screen , from far away . dorothea o.s . Jamie ... can you come help set up please ? jamie can my mom just chill out ? julie she 's compensate for she loneliness . int . dorothea 's entry way William take dorothea to see the ceiling he work on . she love it . it 's pretty mess up . improvise about the work do . william dorothea , all that be beautiful molding there . dorothea it be . william I want to continue that around the side . dorothea all right so we be gonna have to be - match that , be that actually wood , or be that plaster ? william no , the plaster be underneath it , the molding on the outside there be wood . it will take some time ... int . dorothea 's dine room - night her party 's in full swing . a eclectic mix of people . 15 plus the regular ; construction guy , straight look draft man , a few woman dorothea 's age , and 4 firemen from before . people be all talk and drink , eat and move around the room . we cross between many short interwoven moment within the party . camera move with dorothea show the FIRE chief a little of the house . William silently glide with they . dorothea it be build in 1905 , the same family have it forever , but they lose all they money during the war , there be a fire - you should have be here for that . anyway , so it be just a mess , they just let it fall apart . then a bohemian inherite it in the 60' , bunch of free spirit live here , and they lose it to the bank . FIRE chief it 's beautiful . 10 . dorothea ( I think so ) I completely fall in love with it . camera find william and abbie , sit on the couch talk . william we be connect to the dirt because we come from the dirt . the dirt be make of star and star dust the same way we be , so when you put you hand into that dirt and feel the earth mother ... she laugh . int . dorothea '’s kitchen dorothea busily make she famous angel food and strawberry messy pile of a cake . Jamie 's put in the candle . William 's pile up the plate to take in . dorothea William , it look as though I be gonna be in need of a car . do you think you have something cheap ? maybe that ' 49 deluxe ? william I think we can work something out , maybe we will trade for rent or something . dorothea sure . he take the plate into the dining room . dorothea finish lighting the candle , to Jamie . dorothea ok , give I a minute , then come in . she trot off to the party - Jamie wait a minute then head in . int . dorothea 's dine room - day Jamie bring the cake into the dining room , applause , cheer , she 's happy - blow out the candle . title : dorothea field jamie ( v.o. ) my mom be bear in 1924 . when she be my age people drive in sad car to sad house with old phone , no money or food or television but the people be real . jamie ( v.o. ) when she be 16 , the war break out and she have to leave school . jamie ( v.o. ) her dream be to be a pilot in the air force . she actually go to flight school . but the war end before she be do . jamie ( v.o. ) she become the first woman to work in the Continental can company draft room . then she meet my dad . then I come . then they get divorced . but people from she time never admit anything go wrong . 11 . born 1924 visual 1 . reportage of depression era STREET scene 2 . car 3 . house , phone 4 . food 5 . live room 6 . people visual 7 . reportage of ww2 soldier marching visual 8 . reportage of female US airforce pilot . 9 . plane in flight . visual 10 . reportage of 4ux era drafting room . CUT from 40' drafting reportage to : int . dorothea 's drafting room — day dorothea work and smoke . int . bank - day dorothea and EIGHT year old jamie be sit at a bank desk , talk with a manager . dorothea what do you mean ? 12 . manager he 's too young to have a account in he name only - little guy . dorothea he 's a person , not a half person , not some cute little guy , he have volition and autonomy and privacy and he need a bank account . can you do that for we ? manager I be sorry , he 's too young . int . jamie 's school - day dorothea and 13 year -old jamie be sit in a school office be scold by a principal type . he hand she a note , she resent this authority figure . principal Jamie , you can not just keep skip school and make excuse . dorothea well wait a minute , why not ? why can not he skip school ? if he have a legitimate need to be away ? principal then I need a legitimate real note from you with you real signature . hand she Jamie 's forge note . dorothea okay , wow , how do you forge my signature so well ? int . dorothea 's 1977 house - day CUT to : 12 year - old hand hold a check with dorothea 's signature against a window , then place the note over it and trace the signature . dorothea ( cont 'd ) that 's really ingenious . but , never forge someone 's signature , or do something behind they back . 13 . int . school - administration office - day 12 year old Jamie walk in and hand a note to the secretary . close on the note . dorothea ( v.o. ) please excuse Jamie from school this morning , he be do volunteer work for the sandinistas . the secretary look incredulous , but file the note and let 's Jamie head to class . different day : Jamie walk in , hand over a note . close on note . dorothea ( v.o. ) please excuse Jamie from school this morning , he be involved in a small plane accident , fortunately he be not hurt . the secretary look up at Jamie and file the note . int . dorotheas hallway - night - 1979 William try to teach Jamie how to help out around the house with dorothea 's encouragement . improvise talking about renovation . william you be go to be in for a legendary surprise . it 's mahogany underneath . jamie v.o . she 's always try to bring a man into my life . william this be probably honduran mahogany , really fine grain ... CUT to dorothea and Jamie whisper away from William . jamie dorothea this be like , really boring , hey watch it , he 's help I he 's talk about wood and out , restore the house o.k .? stuff . 14 . int . dorothea 's 1975 kitchen - morning - 1975 jamie ( v.o . ) she write down she stock every morning , 10 year old Jamie 's and dorothea 's back as they be hunch over the stock report , write down the day 's number . dorothea IBM ? jamie $ 213.20 dorothea GE ? jamie $ 51.62 jamie visual she smoke salem because 11 . salem 12 . her they be healthier , wear birkenstocks 13 . dorothea birkenstock because she 's work in home office 14 . contemporary . she read dorothea reading alone in bed watership down and learn smoking . how to carve rabbit out of wood . and she never date a man for very long . int . dorothea 's front door / back to dorothea 's birthday party the partygoer be head out , dorothea say she good - by . in foreground Julie whisper with Jamie . julie see you later ? jamie just do not hang out with that Chris guy anymore , okay ? he 's a skeez and he 's kind of dumb . julie exactly . 15 . turn to dorothea as she leave , julie happy birthday . dorothea bye Julie . she leave Jamie and dorothea alone on the doorstep . jamie stop . dorothea what ? jamie think you know everything that 's go on . dorothea have you heart break be a tremendous way to learn about the world . int . dorothea '’s kitchen - continuous they be alone now , do the dish together , he study she . jamie do you think you be happy , like as happy as you think you have be when you be my age ? dorothea seriously , you do not just ask people question like that . jamie you be my mom . dorothea especially you mom . look , wonder if you be happy be a great shortcut to be depressed . 16 . he look at she disappointed . int . kitchen - night dorothea be alone . lose in think . a irone board in the background . just smoking and think . then , from above , punk play . she look up , in the direction of the sound . rise . int . abbie 's room - night Jamie and abbie sit together , listen to the raincoat - fairytale in the supermarket . abbie 's look at the cover , Jamie 's look through she other record . dorothea appear in the doorway , observe she son , and he obvious love of this . she enter , sit down and listen with they , a awkward moment . dorothea what be that ? abbie it 's the raincoat . she nod awkwardly to the beat , try to relate . dorothea can not thing just be pretty ? jamie '' pretty '' music 's use to hide how unfair and corrupt society be . dorothea ah , okay so ... they be not very good , and they know that , right ? he just look at she - ' why be you still here 's - she look at he confuse by he push she away . seriously curious . abbie yea , it 's like they have get this feel , and they do not have any skill , and they do not want skill , because it 's really interesting what happen when you passion be bigger than the tool you have to deal with it . it create this energy that 's raw . be not it great ? 17 . cu on dorothea feel like a outsider , lose . int . dorothea 's bedroom dorothea sit at the edge of she bed , smoking and think . dorothea my son be bear in 1964 . dorothea v.o. contd . visual he grow up with a meaningless 1 . viet nam burning on war , with protest , with television 2 . 1968 protest on Nixon , with nice car and television 3 . nixon on nice house , computer , television 4 . car salesman on drug , boredom . tv 5 . fast food commercial on tv 6 . 1979 personal computer 7 . drug 8 . bore 1979 kide int . jamie' bedroom Jamie dance wildly alone , to punk music . dorothea v.o . I know he less every day . ext . montecito street - day Jamie skateboard down San leandro , free , like he 's fly . dorothea v.o . he say it be just a game . ext . montecito ramp area -— day Jamie watch other kid do '' the fainting game '' . one kid hyperventilate , another pull on he diaphragm from behind . the kid faint and get up , everyone laugh . dorothea v.o . you breathe real hard and another kid pull on you diaphragm and you faint . now Jamie try it . he breathes heavily , kid pull on he diaphragm from behind , film begins to speed up , Jamie faint , he fall , he do not wake up . 18 . dorothea v.o . he say you be suppose to come to a few second later , but it take Jamie almost a half a hour to wake up . Julie run from the ramp where she 's be watch all this . she try to wake he , tell 's other to get help , she 's panicked . ext . montecito street - day Julie run for help . all in fast motion int . abbie 's car - day Jamie be still unconscious , he head in dorothea 's lap . she look terrify . abbie and Julie be there , William drive . ext . hospital - emergency entrance William run , carry Jamie 's limp body into the hospital , everyone follow . int . hospital - emergency area - day looking down on Jamie . still in fast motion . they all watch nurse and doctor take he vital . it 's a confusing blur . doctor ( tech talk - he 's stable - we just have to wait - ekg ) nurse ( nurse tech talk , he 's stable ) they turn to rush Jamie to a bed . a doctor take dorothea by the arm . doctor can you tell I what happen ? a parent 's wild guilt and fear on she face . nearby : Jamie 's on a gurney , put into a small screen - in area , still limp , unconscious , swarm by nurse and tech . 19 . abbie and Julie get sweep - up in the screen off area . this two would never be together if it be not for dorothea and Jamie ; abbie , a older punk , Julie , a young ap student . the girl watch nurse take off he shirt , put on ekg node , he body be limp , abbie start to silently cry , Julie too ? dorothea find Jamie 's screen in area . William sit politely outside . his concern be for dorothea . now behind the screen , dorothea freeze when she see the wire all over he bare chest . abbie and Julie be squish into a corner . dorothea move around the nurse and technician still work , she find he hand , put it in both of hers , press she forehead against it . she take he hand , like she do when he be a baby in the isolette , close she eye . jamie regains consciousness - disorientate and confuse , he clumsily try to pull off the oxygen canula . dorothea he 's back . the nurse and doctor scramble around he , do vital , ask question . doctor what 's you name ? confused , but present . jamie Jamie ... Jamie field . dorothea look on relieved but destroy by this . fast motion end . int . jamie 's hospital room night Jamie 's asleep in hospital bed , dorothea sit next to he worried , touch he hair . she get up . int . hospital hallway - night - continuous she exit he room , exhaust , she find Julie and abbie wait in the hallway . this mean a lot to dorothea , she sit 's next to they . 20 . int . stair - day Jamie walk ahead go up the stair . she walk behind , eying he . her worry and fear rise , until she say ... dorothea why do you do something so - stupid ( dangerous ) . jamie I do not know mom , everyone be do it . escalate fear and anger with each line . dorothea so you just go along with it ? jamie it look like fun . dorothea that 's just dumb . why would you do something so stupid ? just follow along ? you know you almost die , right ? he get very defensive , feel attack . jamie you do not need to worry about I . she do not buy it . dorothea why do not you think ? he turn away from she . dorothea ( cont 'd ) Jamie , hey . what 's go on with you ? he walk off to he room . she follow . int . jamie 's room - continuous she storm into he room , when she enter he head to the other side . dorothea 's quite angry now . 21 . dorothea ( Jamie ? ! ) what ? you will not talk to I now ? he confront she like he never have before . jamie I be not the one who do not talk . dorothea 's surprised . dorothea what ? come on , you scared the hell out of I . why do you hurt yourself like that ? jamie why do you smoke yourself to death ? ( some specificity ) why do not you go on date ? dorothea ( shock ) hey - Jamie be terrify , but he can not stop . jamie why be you fine be sad and alone ? dorothea we do not talk to each other like that . ( what 's happen to you . ) he storm off , she 's strike , she sit alone , she cry . int . dorothea 's live room - night dorothea , still struggle , enter the live room , a movie play blankly on the tv , she 's surprised to find Jamie asleep on the couch . she sit and look at he , something she do not get to do in peace anymore - think as she look at he . 22 . ext . east beach - day wide on a beautiful beach in afternoon sun . in street clothes , they look out of place surround by bikini-short clad happy beachgoer . dorothea look at the girl , nervous . she start walk . dorothea I think history 's be tough on man , they can not be what they be , and they cant figure out what 's next . abbie what be we talk about ? dorothea struggle , want they just to understand . julie Men ? abbie I think history and man ? they stand talk on the beach ... conversation prelaps ... dorothea I think maybe you guy ... int . kitchen - day close on dorothea - conversation continue . she be vulnerable . seat at the table with abbie and Julie . dorothea .--. could help I - with Jamie . Julie and abbie look to each other and dorothea . what 's she ask ? dorothea ( cont 'd ) he need help figure out how to be himself in all this mess . and I can not be there , I can not be there with he , I need to let go . 23 . julie be this because of the fainting thing ? he 's fine . dorothea ( no ) it 's because of everything . abbie I do not understand what you be ask . dorothea how do you be a good man ? I do not know how you do that nowadays . he 's only get I , I mean , it 's not enough . julie you be serious ? abbie what about William ? he 's a guy , would not he be better for this ? the girl look at each other , they take this more seriously . dorothea have you ever see they have a conversation ? very vulnerable for dorothea , like a failure . dorothea ( cont 'd ) he do not connect to man . he like you two ... he like you two a lot . abbie but what if I be not good at it ? 24 . julie he 's my friend , I do not want to be he mom . dorothea no , I be he mom . julie do not you need a man to raise a man ? dorothea I do not think so . I think you be what 's gonna work for he . the girl do not know what to think . dorothea ( cont 'd ) he just have I , think about it , that 's not enough . i/e. montecito street - dorothea 's car - day from inside dorothea 's car we watch Jamie skateboard down a steep street . dorothea love this , we see she smile at he take flight . moment later : the car be park at the bottom of the hill . she 's just deliver the news . Jamie 's angry , mortify , confuse . she 's more vulnerable and scared than she know . jamie help I with what ? dorothea go through this part of you life , it 's not easy , it 's not easy for anybody . jamie you ask they to help I ? he get out of the car , slam the door , but do not know exactly where to go . she 's heartbroken but stick with she plan . 25 . dorothea I think they get it , Jamie . they like you . jamie they say yes ? well , not exactly . dorothea yeah . jamie dorothea fuck . hey ?! jamie you just feel guilty - cause it 's just you and I . dorothea you do not know what I be feel . jamie right , exactly , tell I . that 's complicated for she . dorothea Jamie ... jamie you never tell I what 's go on with you , you just do thing . he skate off - he face fill with anger . she 's not use to he be this mad at she . she watch he get further and further away . ext . skate ditch or skate ramp - day Jamie skate with other kid . 7 - 10 kid hang out , some skate , some watch , smoking , talk . Jamie 's still angry . he overhear some older , tougher look punk kid talk about go to a punk show in LA . Jamie approach they , they look at he . 26 . jamie you guy go to LA ? i/e. 101 freeway - car - late afternoon dusk Jamie 's in the far back . the older punk kid be drive , talk excitedly about they adventure . Jamie mostly watch , but he love this adventure . ext . sunset blvd - night a seedy section of sunset , Jamie finish a call and hang up a payphone . int . dorothea 's dine room - night dorothea , abbie , and William be eat . Jamie 's conspicuously absent , a place set for he . William return to the table from the phone . william that be Jamie . he 's in LA , he and some friend go to a show . dorothea o.k . she light up , she do not look worried . abbie be not you worried ? dorothea he 's mad at I . this be he way of deal with it , it 's he right to be abbie if it make he this mad , maybe it be not a good idea ? dorothea look at abbie , smoke , inscrutable . int . punk club we see and intense swirl mosh pit , amidst all this action we see Jamie 's body whirling by , he face ecstatic . CUT to reportage from mid - late 1970 be los angele punk scene . the germ , black flag , the weirdo , the masque club . 27 . int . dorothea '’s house - night - continuous hard cut to dorothea work on the house late at night . William see dorothea down the hall , work away , hard on herself . she look up and see he . why be it easy for she to be vulnerable with William ? dorothea maybe I do do the wrong thing ? william Jamie 's energy 's very unstable , I think that 's why he do all this . dorothea well there 's a energy crisis , that must be play into it . he just look at she sincerely , why joke ? dorothea you do not have a lot of funny line do you ? he do not react . she leave the room , seemingly fine . int . dorothea 's bedroom she sit in bed and smoke , and think , and worry . ext . dorothea 's house - night camera find Julie , sneaking up to dorothea 's house in the dark . int . jamie' bedroom - night - continuous Julie sneak into he window . the way she do it tell we she 's do it a lot . she whisper for he but he 's not there . have this ever happen ? she sit on he bed , lonely . julie Jamie . she decide to get undress , get 's into bed . 28 . int . abbie 's room abbie 's take photograph in she room , listen to siouxsie and the banshee . she take a photo of she red shoe on a grey backdrop , she 's excited . int . william' bedroom - night William 's still recover from dorothea 's rejection . abbie pop in , fill with energy . abbie hey . william hey . abbie I have a new idea , for my work . maybe just shoot all my stuff , everything I own , or everything that 's important to I . a portrait of myself through all the object I own ? can I show you ? william yeah ? she lay out polaroid for he to see . abbie bra , birth control , '' on photography '' by Susan sontag , my shoe , underwear , a picture of a picture of my mom ... I be gonna do a bunch of they . he look through some of she test Polaroid . sort of immediately engross . william it 's sad in a way be not it ? all this stuff ? you know what I mean ? she do not expect he to get it . she 's look at one of she object as she talk . long eye contact than usual . 29 . he sit , look at she , he hand be next to she hand . something 's go on for she , take a beat to say it . abbie you want to fool around , with I ? william really ? yeah . he touch she hair . she close she eye , melt more than she think she would , just to be want be nice . she never tell people about she cancer . abbie ( cont 'd ) you know I be recover from cervical cancer ? william I know . she can not believe he still want to fool around . everyone else treat she like a leper . take she a beat to assess what she feel capable of . he kiss she . she smell he hair . abbie ( cont ’d ) you hair smell good . william I make my own shampoo . abbie of course you do . how do she get so far off course ? she close she eye and kiss he again . ext . 101 freeway - car - night Jamie and he friend drive back from LA . he take a beer from one of he pass out friend , drink from it . int . dorothea 's house - night Jamie enter the front door , buzze . he make he way down the hallway , tipsy . put he beer on a chair . his ear ringing . 30 . int . dorothea 's bedroom - night dorothea 's smoking in bed , pretend to read , petting jeeve . dorothea it 's ok jeeve , he 's home now , you can relax . int . jamie 's room - night Jamie sit on the edge of he bed , look at Julie . how strange , how great . a bit tipsy . julie where be you ? he think this be wild . jamie I go to LA . we go to the starwood , see a show . she look upset , he study she . julie be you drunk ? he sit down next to she , try to kiss she . julie do not . jamie what 's wrong ? julie Tim drammer come inside of I . jamie I do not want to hear this shit . int . empty swimming pool - night abandon empty Olympic size swim pool , Julie and friend be drink , fuck around , some one skateboard through it all . 31 . julie ( v.o. ) we break into that old pool at the rec center . get load . fucked around . julie ( v.0 . ) I and Tim end up in he mom 's maverick . ext . empty parking lot - night camera push in on a lone maverick , we hear the sound of sex , we hear Tim orgasm . julie do you just cum ? int . tim be mom 's maverick - night Tim 's get up off of Julie in the back seat , she sit up . julie you say you be gonna pull out ? tim yeah , sorry . Julie play it like it 's not a big deal , but it be a big deal . julie I think we have a deal there ? CUT back to jamie 's bedroom he hate hearing this . jamie fuck . what be you gonna do ? 32 . julie it will be fine . she 's actually very worried . her mind spin , disturb . she change the subject . julie you mom ask I to like , help , like , raise you . jamie yea I know . she be raise in the Depression , everyone help everyone . the whole neighborhood raise the kid - sorry . she let 's he know it 's o.k . but she 's still disturb . julie jamie can we do therapy ? Jesus , I do not want to do therapy right now .... julie jamie let 's role play . please no . julie I will be you mom , you can tell she what you want to tell she . jamie I do not want to talk to my mom . julie what would you say to she ? it take he a beat to work up to it . jamie well , mom , I do not need any help , I be ok . int . william 's room - night - continuous abbie and William be kissing , shirt off , she pull back , stop . look at he strange . abbie I be gonna need a story . 33 . william a what ? abbie ( cont ’d ) a story , like , you be a photographer take picture of I , I be like a very normal woman or something , you have to photograph I , but you can not control yourself and you start touch I , and you should not , but you can not stop and you keep apologize , ' I be sorry , I be sorry , I be sorry ... 's william can not I just be I ? abbie no ... sorry . this be not William 's usual comfort zone , not he trip . but something about abbie 's strength have he . CUT to : William stand beside the bed , pretend to be she photographer . he want to play she game , do not really know how . abbie okay , so do I just ? william hey , nice to meet you . they shake hand . abbie oh , hi . do I just look in the camera , or should I look off to the side ? william let 's start that way , look in the camera . abbie okay , should I smile ? 34 . william do you like to smile ? abbie yeah . william okay . he pretend to take a picture . abbie oh , you take it . I think you would say like 1 , 2 , 3 ... william no , I just wait for the moment . abbie okay . william ( cont 'd ) I just have to fix something . he lean in and fix she bra strap . she melt . william sorry . abbie oh , no , it 's fine . I have just never do this before so I be a little bit nervous . but I can wear my hair differently if you want . william abbie . abbie yeah ? he break they role play and talk to she sincerely . 35 . william I be sorry . I be really sorry . she do not know what to say , what to feel , not where she expect to be . he kiss she . int . jamie 's room - night - continuous Julie and Jamie be in bed , listen to abbie 's moan through the wall . it 's more real and adult than what Julie 's ever experience . camera track out as Jamie look at Julie . jamie ( v.o. ) prelap Julie and I have be friend since we be little . title : julie bowen born 1962 int . high school choir room : camera track down a line of singing face , they 're all happy and engaged - then julie , removed , go through the motion . jamie ( v.o. ) contd she like to say she 's self destructive . jamie ( v.o. ) contd her mother be a therapist . she make Julie attend she teen group session . int . julie 's house : improvise , mary tries to reconnect with her daughter , but she 's talking to a wall . int . mary 's therapy office : camera track in on mary 's teen girl group therapy . the girl in a circle . julie reluctantnly there . close up on mary : she talk to Julie as if she be not she daughter . mary how about the possibility ... that you be choose boy who be inappropriate - unconsciously . 36 . this be humiliate for Julie , she hide it as best as she can . int . julie 's home : family dinner with mary , julie 's step dad , and amanda . mary dote on amanda and julie 's step dad . julie look on in disbelief . jamie ( v.o . ) when she mother remarry , Julie change . when she half sister amanda be bear with cerebral palsy , she change more . int . julie' bedroom : amanda doe july make up . they improvise . amanda it look really pretty on you , it just make you face pop , like pop . amanda 's sweet and Julie 's very far away emotionally . ext . julie 's bedroom window : julie sneak out at night . int . hesher room : julie doe a bong hit with some sketchy guy . jamie v.o . she start fool around . she start sneaking into my house . sleep over . int . different hesher room : julie make out on top of one of the boy . ext . jamie 's house night - julie sneak across the yard and up the side of he house to jamie' window . int . jamie 's bedroom - night Jamie and Julie lay next to each other , mid conversation . jamie why have you do it ? julie Cause I be crazy . 37 . jamie you wish you be crazy . julie scratch I . she lay she arm across he , something she do . he scratch she . jamie we should go up the coast somewhere . just I and you . int . high school choir room - same shot different day . Julie sing the same song with the other girl . jamie ( v.o. ) prelap Julie work at the La cumbre Plaza mall . int . crabtree and evelyn : julie help a woman pick potpourri . she want the money , she 's smart , she compartmentalize . julie spring rain feature cinnamon , jasmine , lily - of - the-valley and rise . int . julie' bedroom : julie read from forever by judy blume , 1975 julie ( v.o. ) sex be commitment , once you be there , you cant go back to hold hand , and once you give yourself both mentally and physically , well you be completely vulnerable . int . mary 's therapy bungalow : jump CUT through teen girl talking in group session LED by julie 's mother mary . 38 . int . crabtree and evelyn : julie help a woman pick potpourri . she want the money , she 's smart , she compartmentalize . julie spring rain feature cinnamon , jasmine , lily - of - the-valley and rise . ext . julie 's creek : julie read the road less travel , by M. scott peck , 1978 . julie ( v.0 . ) of all the misconception about love , the most powerful and persuasive be the belief that fall in love be love , or at least one of the manifestation of love . ext . abandoned pergula area : julie messes around with a new boy . int . jamie' bedroom night : julie talk to jamie in bed . julie Love be suppose to be a feel that you feel . people say that they be fall in love , but they be not actually fall in love . it 's a fake connection that you feel with someone , and marriage should never happen . int . mary 's therapy bungalow : a girl beat a wood stump with a rolled up magazine , '' you should have died , it should have be you '' . it 's very cathartic and emotional . Mary watch the girl approvingly , Julie can not stand the whole situation . ext . dorothea 's house - morning Julie quietly escape Jamie 's window . we follow she around the house , ducking under window until she get to the front door , neaten a little , knock and let herself in . int . dorothea 's kitchen - morning dorothea be prepare breakfast for the family . Julie walk in and help bring dish to the table . 39 . dorothea hey Julie , come in , Jamie 's still asleep , he get home late . julie yeah . dorothea help I bring this stuff in ok ? int . dorothea '’s dine room - continuous . Julie , abbie , dorothea and William be have a very awkward breakfast . dorothea eye William and abbie . abbie so , be Jamie okay ? dorothea yeah , he 's okay . I hear he come in last night . I be awake . abbie right . dorothea yea , I could not sleep , so I be , listen for he . it 's clear she know what happen , Julie really enjoy herself . Jamie finally enter , a bit sheepish , he do run away . dorothea how be the show ? jamie good . dorothea next time you take a trip just tell I , I will not make too much dinner . Jamie 's piss to have he delinquency dismiss so . be not she afraid ? 40 . CUT to : everyone clean up and head off . dorothea hey , do the stock with I ? really ? dorothea c'mon . CUT to : dorothea and Jamie be seat at the table , paper and pad and more tension than before . everyone else be go . dorothea IBM ... xerox ... GE ... jamie $ 69.73 ...$ 53.92 ... dorothea abbie 's get she appointment today . I have to work , maybe you can be here when she get back , in case she need support . jamie what if it 's like , bad news ? dorothea you can handle it . or if you can not , you just gotta start somewhere . he 's not so sure . dorothea contd Men feel like you have to fix everything for woman , or you be not do anything . but some thing can not be fix . just be there . somehow , that 's hard for you all . jamie I be not all man , I be just I . 41 . dorothea well , yes and no . int . abbie 's bathroom - day Jamie watch a nervous , distraught abbie re-dying she hair . abbie what if I have to do chemo , or have a hysterectomy ? you know what that be ? jamie I should go with you . she 's touch by he willingness . abbie you mom do tell I to share my life with you ... jamie I know . I be sorry , she 's from the Depression . int . ob - gyn - exam room - day close on abbie 's confuse , wide open face , hang there . reveal she 's in a paper gown . doctor ( 0.s. ) it 's good news abbie . abbie yeah ? doctor no malignant cell , you biopsy 's benign . she try to be happy . it take a while to ask ... abbie what about in the future ? 42 . doctor there be damage to the muscle wall , from the surgery . you have a incompetent cervix . abbie incompetent ? doctor it may not be strong enough to go full term during pregnancy . as the baby grow , the cervix widen . if it 's weaken , it 's likely to open prematurely . int . hospital - hallway - day abbie and Jamie walk down the hall . she look at he , a swirl of pain and confusion . abbie he say I probably can not have kid . but I be gonna be ok . int . dorothea 's kitchen abbie ( cont 'd ) have Jamie , be that the biggest thing that happen to you ? what can dorothea say ? abbie can see this be true . dorothea I guess so . you 's 1ll get through this . you will get through it . you will do it . this be the really hard part . and then what happen be , there 's a hard part but then it get better . then it get hard again . she cry and laugh . jump CUT to dorothea noticing abbie 's new bird in a cage . dorothea you get bird ? abbie that ok ? 43 . she get up for a closer look . dorothea yeah , do they have name ? abbie ( no ) it 's a boy and a girl . the guy at the store say they be monogamous for life , if one die the other one will die like a week later . dorothea what about maximilian and carlotta ? they deserve something grand , if they be gonna be monogamous they whole life . dorothea hug she , about to leave . abbie ( v.o. ) Max and carlotta be really good name . int . dorothea 's kitchen - day Jamie 's look distraught after he visit to the doctor , with abbie . it 's a lot to take in . after a beat of that - dorothea come to the door . she pause , processing all that she just hear from abbie . dorothea enter the room . dorothea so , you go to she doctor 's office with she , and wait there ? jamie yeah . dorothea I tell you to just wait here ? jamie I think it would be better to just go with she , really be there . 44 , dorothea well , be you ok , sweetie ? then , awkward , out of character . dorothea ( cont 'd ) she 's really upset , that must have be a lot to deal with . jamie no , not really . already feel she plan slip away from she . a little regret . jamie I be fine . I be good . I learn a lot . off dorothea , not sure how to take this . now in fast motion , we go back in time to the obgyn office . abbie and Jamie look out of place sit with five pregnant woman and a couple of kid . nurse abigail porter ? abbie ( whisper ) punch I . he do in slow motion , softly . she like that . she leave . he pick up a magazine and do he best imitation of a adult who belong there , but he 's really just a nervous 15 year old punk kid pretend to read time . a very pregnant teenage girl enter , the weight of the world on she face . Jamie can not stop look at she . 45 . jamie ( v.o. ) prelap Home pregnancy test that woman use safely and easily , a small revolution for woman seek to take control of they life . int . pharmacy - day Jamie search through the shelf in the woman 's section . he find what he 's look for : a early e.p.t. pregnancy test . at the counter , the pharmacist look at it , perplex . it 's new to he . he figure out what it be . the pharmacist , appal , but let he buy it . ext . road - day continuous Jamie skateboard down a long montecito street . int . julie 's bedroom - day Jamie and Julie sit in she bedroom . she unpack the e.p.t kit . a lot of glass , hard angle , and mirror , it look very space - age . she 's never see anything like it before , glance at the instruction . julie fuck , what be that ? jamie it 's a pregnancy test . later : the door to Julie 's attach bathroom be close . she 's in the bathroom , not happy about pee in a cup . Jamie sit on the bedroom floor . quiet , then the sound of pee in a cup . they speak through the door . jamie the doctor say , abbie will not be able to have kid . look of confusion and heaviness on Julie . she open the door , tube fill with urine in she hand . julie why have she take you ? Julie 's jealous . 46 . we watch she follow Jamie 's instruction , it all get more and more real for she . julie now what ? jamie um , shake for 10 second . she shake the vial . count to ten , very nervous . he inspect it , read the next part of the instruction . jamie leave undisturbed for 2 hour . she 's shocked . julie two hour ? jamie yeah , that 's what it say . if it appear then you be positive , if no ring appear then the test be negative . jamie contd what do we do for two hour ? ext . julie 's san ysidro creek , under bridge - day Jamie and Julie stand in front of a long circular tunnel and smoke . Jamie hold the cigarette wrong , inhale wrong . he inhale , cough . look at the cigarette . julie that 's not how guy smoke . do not hold it like that . she imitate a real guy smoking . julie like this . hold it like this . he echoe she smoking move . still off . julie okay now walk , do like a cool cigarette walk . 47 . he walk . julie guy do not look like they be think about what they look like . julie improvs act like a man : hold a cigarette , posture , walk . Jamie follow , mostly think this be just a laugh . julie see ? he continue imitate she , but then he cough . he throw he cigarette away , gross out . she tease he playfully . jamie julie smoke 's gross . no it 's not . jamie give you cancer . ext . julie 's san ysidro creek , under bridge - later Julie and Jamie sit and talk . she smoke . julie it 's just my opinion , I think be strong be the most important quality , it 's not be vulnerable , not be sensitive , it 's not even about be happy , it 's about strength and you durability against the other emotion . int . julie 's bedroom - day they come back into the room . Julie 's upset , Jamie look into the ept test . jamie no ring . she look at he , uncomfortably vulnerable . julie no ring . 48. int . jamie 's room - night Jamie 's alone in he room . abbie enter sit next to he , she seem change , a little lighter . abbie thanks for come with I . jamie yeah . abbie I make you this . she hand he a mix tape . jamie a mix tape . CUT to - abbie 's giving jamie a improv dance lesson . abbie ( v.o. ) this be a bunch of song that I think my life would have be better if they would have be around when I be a teenager . and I be hope that if you listen to they now , you will be a happier and more realize person than I could ever hope to be . title : abbie porter born 1955 jamie ( v.0 . ) visual from that night on , abbie 1 . abbie and jamie , laying on start tell I the bed , laughing everything . jamie ( v.0 . ) visual she grow up in Santa Barbara , 2 . abbie and jamie talk at where everyone be happy , but dorothea 's SMALL kitchen that make she feel crazy . table . jamie ( v.o. ) in 1973 she move to New York City and go to art school . New York City make she feel sane . it be so fuck up . she fall in love with photography , she learn to dance when she get sad . she see the man who fell to Earth and die she hair red . int . abbie 's room - day 49 . visual 3 . ext east village : abbie walk down the STREET , enthralled 4 . ext . east village : abbie take picture of trash , happy . 5 . jump cut of abbie getting dressed in her NYC mirror , she' discovering a more sexualized look . abbie and Jamie be lay down - she tell he she story . abbie I figure out be look at , you know ? make guy excited , uncomfortable . I be so cocky , and I be so angry , and I be so happy . ext . jersey CITY apartment - day abbie and daniel ( she teacher ) sit on the front step . jamie ( v.o. ) she fall in love with she teacher . then she go to plann parenthood . her friend could not deal with she have cancer , so she go home to she mom . ext . new york CITY STREET -— visual 5 . abbie and daniel walking around NYC 6 . daniel playing violin 7 . abbie wait with other young women in planned parenthood 8 . lab technician look at abbie 's cell 8 . magnified cancerous cell day abbie call she mom from a phone booth on street . abbie Mom ? int . s.b. obgyn office : obgyn talk to gail and abbie . obgyn gail , do you ever take des ? when you be pregnant with abbie ? confused , why be the question direct at she ? 50 . gail yes ... I have two miscarriage before abbie ... my doctor tell I to take it ? abbie do not know she mom have miscarriage . gail 's face stiffen . abbie ( v.o. ) des be a fertility medication they give to woman , doctor prescribe it to woman . later they figure out it give the daughter of that woman who take it cervical cancer . CUT to single des pill on grey . int . santa barbara hospital corridor : gail and abbie leave office ; abbie 's looking at her mom concerned . abbie I do not know you have miscarriage . gail feel trespassed in many way , no warmth , abbie 's surprised . int . hospital room : close on detail : the ceiling , flowers , gail 's face . reveal abbie waking from she surgery , bleary , look at gail . jamie ( v.o. ) when she mom find out it be because she take that drug , she would not talk about it . and everything abbie do make she mad . int . abbie 's hosptial room day : abbie look in paper for a room to rent . jamie v.o. so abbie look for another place to live . 51 . int . dorothea 's house : abbie meet dorothea for the first time . abbie and dorothea talk warmly in the kitchen . abbie unpack in her new room , she meet jamie for the fist time -— he look in love . jamie v.o . and she start rent the room upstairs . ext . santa barbara beach - day abbie , with a reporter friend , take a picture of long - wind county supervisor for she work , how do she life end up like this ? end of sequence int . motel 6 drafting room - day all the man have they head down draw . dorothea , the only woman , be sit up , look around . later in the break room : dorothea smoke alone . charlie enter , dorothea salutes he . he light up , look at her . charlie hey dorothea . dorothea hey Charlie . charlie you wanna go out sometime ? get a drink ? surprise , sincere . dorothea yeah ? what the heck , Charlie . charlie oh , great , funny , I be not sure . dorothea of what ? 52 . charlie some of the guy think you be a lesbian , you know , which be no problem with I if you be , but you be not . dorothea yeah , no , not a lesbian . charlie ok , well then , let 's go out ? dorothea maybe come to dinner at my house again sometime ? we could do that . she leave blasé , once out of sight , real hurt on she face . int . dorothea' bedroom - that night dorothea look lose in bed alone . int . ext . dorothea 's window - morning dorothea 's up early , tidy up the house . she see Julie make she escape out of Jamie 's window , climb down the scaffold , make she get away . dorothea be as impressed as she 's angry . dorothea shit Julie . dorothea take off . ext . san leandro STREET / oak tree glenn - dorothea 's car - day Julie walk down the street . in the distance we see dorothea 's vw bug catch up , pull up alongside Julie . Julie see the car , walk on the little trail in to the oak . dorothea park and catch up to she . dorothea I see you , leave . please do not turn I into the cop here , that 's so boring you know ? Julie feel horrible but decide to stand she ground . 53 . julie it 's nothing , I just end up there sometimes . dorothea what do you guy do ? julie I just sleep there . we talk . CUT to : they be sit in the car . dorothea light up . julie can I have one ? dorothea it 's really bad for you . julie you smoke all the time . dorothea when I start they be not bad for you , they be stylish and sort of edgy , so it 's different for I . dorothea give she one , Julie light up like a seasoned smoker . dorothea you be good at hide stuff , huh ? julie my mom call it '' compartmentalize '' , apparently I do that a lot . dorothea be you help he ? julie I be try . 54 . dorothea really ? julie what about you ? have you think about you impact on he ? dorothea me? julie it 's always about the mother . like , do you think you have move on , since he dad ? dorothea you know , you be not actually a therapist . Julie 's not easy to intimidate . she stare dorothea down . dorothea I have have new guy . julie no one appropriate . dorothea appropriate ? julie guy you be not go to risk anything with . Men you do not even really like . dorothea seriously , you be 17 , maybe you can not see what 's good in some of my guy ? julie I be talk about you . you never seem into it . except for William , but he 's ... inappropriate . that get she . 55 . dorothea jesus. o.k . yeah , hard to find a guy I really like . I have my chance , I have it twice , that part of life just never work out right . a reflective beat , they say goodbye and Julie get out of the car . dorothea drive off , more unnerve than she expect . int . dorothea 's house - day dorothea re-enter . Jamie 's finish the stock - surprising dorothea a little . jamie where be you ? he 's be lie to she , so why would she tell he the truth ? dorothea I have some errand ... you do the whole list ? you know all the stock ? jamie yeah . that mean a lot to she . she 's processing they life together a bit . William 's watch they . dorothea IBM 's down again huh ? Jamie leave . dorothea watch he go down the hall . she light up . observe William . dorothea William ? william yes ? dorothea do I seem , stick , to you ? william how do you mean ? 56 . dorothea I guess I would not know would I ? abbie enter , awkwardly avoid William , he 's not use to be treat that way . dorothea clock all of this , amused , bit of a trouble maker . dorothea let 's go out tonight ? I have like to see this modern world . on abbie 's surprise . william can I come ? int . baudelaire - night abbie lead dorothea and William into the grungy , graffiti-line club fill with Santa Barbara 's punk . a local post - punk band blare from the stage . dorothea would never appear intimidate , but this be a strange and loud new world for she . William too . dorothea and William get a drink at the bar . dorothea I do not know if I be go to find a appropriate man here . william you might . he 's look right at she . he touch she hand on the bar , she look at he hand like it 's a foreign object . dorothea hello - he lean in and gently kiss she on the lip , hope she will get he out of the trap he 's make . she seem completely unstir . dorothea what be that ? what do that mean ? william 57 . dorothea do not just kiss a woman if you do not have some idea what you mean by it . william dorothea be not you sleep with abbie ? william it 's nothing serious . dorothea then why do it ? she turn away from he coldly , but we see the kiss affect she . a band begin to play , a distort wall of SOUND . kid head toward the stage , some begin to dance . dorothea walk through the crowd , curious about this world . dorothea make she way to the front , into the sea of noise and strobe light . William watch , impressed by dorothea 's willingness . close on dorothea , strobe light , she expression search for hope and meaning in this music , as she face go on ... off ... on ... off the music cross fade to score . dorothea ( v.o . ) it 's 1979 . I be 55 year old . this be what my son believe in . we see : the band play on stage . CUT to : reportage of different 1979 punk performers on stage . there charisma , there abandon , that 's what we see . dorothea ( v.o. ) this people , with this hair , and this clothes , make this gesture , make this sound . 58 . back in baudelaire : dorothea open her eye , there 's the band , she look pained . dorothea v.o . it 's 1979 I be 55 year old . in 1999 I will die of cancer , from the smoking . she have to leave . william' still watching , he catch up with her . william you be go ? dorothea yeah . do I a favor , stay here , take care of abbie . she point he to abbie , begin to head out , turn back and look at the 79 punk and the band in the distance . dorothea v.o. visual they do not know this be the 1 . reportage of reagan in end of punk . they do not know office . 2 . footage of nuclear that Reagan 's come . it 's war from the film '' the day impossible to imagine that after '' 3 . 2010 graphic of kid will stop dream about climate change and rising sea nuclear war , and have level 4 . micro - biological nightmare about the weather . shot of HIV 5 . technical it 's impossible to imagine skateboard trick from HIV and aids , what will 2000 be . 8 . graphic happen with skateboard visualization of the trick , the internet . internet . ext . baudelaire dorothea exit , disturb . Julian the doorman be there . dorothea Julian , you get a cigarette ? surprise she know he name , he give she one , light it . she stare he down , he feel awkward and intimidate . dorothea thanks . julian do you have a good time ? dorothea yeah , it be interesting . 59 . she leave , we follow she walk home , struggle inside . dorothea abbie 's get you number ? maybe you can come over for dinner some night ? int . dorothea 's house - night dorothea enter , lose in she thought , walk through the room . Jamie 's half asleep , watch tv in the live room , half wait up for she , a role reversal . jamie it 's late . a strange , aloof look . jamie how be it ? dorothea life change . she smile through she lose feeling and walk off . int . dorothea 's bedroom - night dorothea smoke , pet jeeve , think . close on the smoke slowly rise into the air . dorothea ( v.o. ) before I die I will prepare for y2k . can food and water in the garage . I put 16 thousand dollar worth of gold coin into a safe deposit box at the Bank of montecito . I die before the new year , dolphin shape balloon float over my head , they be play Louis armstrong on a boom box . louis armstrong 's '' basin STREET blue '' plays int . downstair hallway - night abbie stumble in with a bust lip , disgust with she night . she do not know what to do , then decide to go up to Jamie 's room . 60 . int . jamie 's bedroom - night there 's a knock . Julie hide under the cover . jamie yeah ? abbie enter , distraught . she sit on the edge of Jamie 's bed . abbie I be sorry , you awake ? jamie yeah . abbie I want to tell you , you just have to get out of this town , if you want to have any chance at a interesting life where you can move forward . jamie ( cont 'd ) what happen ? she see Julie . abbie oh , shit . I be sorry . julie we do not have sex . I just sleep here . she look at Jamie for verification , he nod , ' sad but true 's . jamie what happen ? abbie can I lay down ? jamie yeah , here , lay down . he make room , Julie 's piss . half just to not be boss around by Julie , abbie lay down . Jamie 's surround by two of the woman he love . 61 . julie we be sleep . abbie I be talk to Jamie for a sec , ok ? she compose herself on the bed , abbie contd lynette winter spit on I . CUT back to baudelaire - lynette spit on abbie . william tries to intervene . abbie ( v.o. ) so then I hit she . then abbie push lynette to the floor . jamie ( v.o. ) why have she spit on you ? abbie ( v.o. ) because I spit on she . to abbie 's surprise lynette lunge back at abbie , knocking her to the floor , straddling her , hitting her . abbie v.o. right before I be go to New York and I think I be never come back . it feel very liberate at the time . william finally pull off lynette - abbie , bloody lip or nose , be enraged at everything that 's happened to her , grab a chair and awkwardly tries to destroy it against the ground , over and over . abbie v.o. and somehow I end up break a chair . 62 . ext . baudelaire - night abbie quickly exit , bloody lip , tear up shirt . she rush past Julian , '' hey , what happen ? '' she 's run down the street . it take a block for William to catch up to she , he have to pull she to a stop . he have something to tell she . abbie ( v.o. ) and then William tell I he do not want to sleep with I anymore . not that I ever really want to sleep with he . she yell at William . abbie what be you say ? I do not like you , I do not like you , I do not like you , I do not like you . back in jamie 's bedroom : abbie change she mood again . abbie gesture for Julie to look away . abbie ( to Julie ) I be just gonna talk to Jamie for a second . set get very close to he , almost sexual . abbie ( cont ’d ) do not let she sleep here without have sex with you , it 's disempower . and get out of this town before you end up work in a sunglass shop . she look at Julie . abbie that go for you too . and with that she get up and leave . Julie 's jealous . int . dorothea' breakfast table Julie , Jamie , dorothea and William eat breakfast . abbie show up with a bust lip . dorothea 's curious - abbie wave she off and glare at William . abbie have some book for Jamie . 63 . abbie here 's some book from my feminism class . I think they might be good for you , a woman 's perspective . jamie thanks . dorothea what happen to you lip ? abbie there be a fight . dorothea what ? abbie it be ridiculous . William pick up '' we body we selve '' . william I read this . the chapter on home birth . it be pretty helpful . he dig into it , he 's a mystery to they . do he read something aloud ? julie Home birth actually stunt the baby 's growth personality . abbie what be a growth personality ? jamie it 's a real term . 64 . william '' and who know what it mean for a newborn to see wood wall and carpete floor and to smell real human smell and to feel wool and cotton and flannel clothes instead of starchy , white , deodorize ... '' to I , that mean , what else ? dorothea look on , perplex , what be this world ? int . jamie 's bedroom - night Jamie in bed look through the book sisterhood be powerful . title : the politics of orgasm - susan lydon , 1970 he find the essay , begin to read . jamie ( v.o . ) ' woman 's sexuality , define by man to benefit man , have be downgrade and pervert , repress and channel ... ext . back yard - skate ramp - day good 1979 style ramp skate . punk on a boombox . Jamie and other skater sit on the roll - out deck . matt , hardcore punk style , hold court . jamie ( v.o. ) anatomically , all orgasm be center in the clitoris , whether they result from direct manual pressure apply to the clitoris , indirect ... ( fade out ) matt I fuck Heather so hard , she come like three time . jamie how do you stimulate she clitoris ? what ? matt with my dick . 65 . jamie woman need direct clitoral stimulation , with finger or a vibrator or something . she probably fake it , woman fake it all the time . all the boy feel betrayed on a deep level . Matt focus on Jamie 's talking head 77 shirt . matt talk head be a bunch of fag . jamie there 's a girl in the band and she go out with the drummer , so ... CUT to : Jamie and Matt fighting at the bottom of the ramp . Matt be stronger , he rub Jamie 's face in the dirt . ext . santa barbara STREET - day Jamie skateboard home after the fight . int . dorothea 's house - day in the bathroom , dorothea clean up Jamie 's face . dorothea what be the fight about ? jamie clitoral stimulation . dorothea 's stung by he say that . drop the washcloth . dorothea why do you need to fight about that ? jamie I want to be a good guy . she 's lose . jamie I want to be able to satisfy a woman . dorothea I be sure you will . 66 . she exit . ext . dorothea 's house - morning dorothea 's on she way to work . '' art fag '' be spray paint on one side of she car . '' black flag '' on the other side . dorothea Jesus . CUT to : dorothea drag Jamie , abbie and William out . jamie that 's what Matt call I . Cause I like the talk head . dorothea lash out at Jamie and abbie . dorothea what 's Black flag ? abbie they be a hardcore band , people who like they hate the talk head . dorothea what ? abbie the punk scene 's very divisive . dorothea you all be so advanced , be not you ? she get in the car and head out . int . abbie 's room - night abbie 's take Jamie 's portrait . abbie when dude tell you they sex storey , do not contradict they , trust I , just go with they fantasy of what happen . Jamie laugh . abbie smile , but be sad underneath . 67 . jamie how be you hold up with everything ? abbie you be very sweet to I . she plop back on she bed . refer to everything that 's happen to she . abbie ( cont ’d ) whatever you think you life be go to be like , just know , it 's not go to be anything like that . jamie right . she smile at he attempt to be she equal . jamie ( cont 'd ) take I to that club . int . hallway - under construction - night dorothea be in work clothes , sand . she look up . see Jamie leave . dorothea kid ? Jamie look back . dorothea ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? jamie out. with abbie . Jamie , '' see ya . '' he head out of the house . on dorothea , long for she boy . int . baudelaire club - night abbie and Jamie walk through the club , dingy , graffiti , bare bulb . Jamie 's enthralled . 68 . abbie take a sip of beer , push it to Jamie , he gulp . she watch he take all this in , so young and alive , it make she feel good to be help he . CUT to : abbie and Jamie stand in the crowd with trish ( abbie 's punk friend ) . abbie whisper in he ear , he repeat . jamie I be into older woman . trish oh ? how old be you ? abbie whisper , he repeat . jamie Age be a bourgeois construct . trish good answer . jamie abbie Age be a bourgeois construct . ok , ok . all in front of trish ... abbie ( cont ’d ) if she ask any question , just say as little as you can . let I see you most inscrutable face . he kind of make one . close on Jamie and trish on the dance floor , punk music blaring . abbie have find a moment of freedom . int . dorothea' house - night William and dorothea sit at the kitchen table , drink a beer after work on the house . dorothea 's feel pretty mix up , hurt and lose . William can see it . we enter mid conversation . 69 . william dorothea I do not really choose ... come to you . certain woman , just ... he 's not proud of it . dorothea you be so hard work and talented - car , carpentry , electrical , plumbing , you can do anything . you could have more than that . william that 's not how most people see it ... what about you ? what happen to Jamie 's father ? dorothea he do not turn out like I think he would . william must have be something good about he . she stop and think . dorothea he be leave hand . she act it out . dorothea I be right hand , so in the morning , we could go through the stock report together , he could write with he leave hand and scratch my back with he right . william that 's it ? dorothea I like that . she slip into memory , look sad , go back to work . he pull the plug on she sander . 70 . william you ever meditate ? int . william be room - night he 's sit on the edge of he bed , eye close . dorothea 's in a chair across from he , sneaking peek at he . there be something calming about it , and he strange little room with he pottery in it . she find she cigarettes , light up . the sound wake he up , she mime ' keep go , I be fine , I be just gonna smoke while I meditate . 's William laugh , enjoy she humor , they share a look . he smile at she . dorothea you be such a odd bird sweetie . how would you get like that anyways ? title : william saunder born 1939 ext . william 's car area William work on a car - he do not love this work . dorothea v.o. William 's dad manage a auto repair shop in Cleveland . dorothea v.o. ( v.o. ) visual engine always make sense to 1 . contemporary william he . he try to put himself working on a car . 2 . personal through college , but could not photo of theresa in 1960 be - afford it . he meet theresa in beautiful , laughing at 1963 , she be smart , brave , camera , a animated soul . 3. better off , they be in still of berkeley in 1960 ' S love . they move to oakland , 4 . still of northern then to a commune in california commune . sebastopol . int . william 's room - where they be meditating now they be both talk and smoking , drink wine . william I learn to be like they , you know ? as it turn out , it be a lot easier than I think it would be , but it be not really I , I be do it so I would not lose theresa . dorothea smile . dorothea sound horrible . dorothea v.o . he start look like they , talk like they , but they make he feel old and uneducate and poor . theresa start think he be uptight and possessive and she leave he . william ( v.o. ) after theresa woman do not have to look one way or the other , or be a certain way . I think that I just want to win they over so that I will not be lonely . but once I have they do not really know what to do with they . dorothea v.o . what he like be make bowl . he do not smell like oil and grease , he hand do not look like a dumb mechanic 's hand . 71 . visual 5 . reportage of 60's communal life and event - still and motion 6 . william at the dine table , try to join the group . visual 7 . different women on the bed looking into camera 8 . william washes grease and dirt off he hand , dirtying the sink 9 . william fixing a pretty blonde 's car and have sex with her . she leave . visual 10 . william happily making a BOWL . int . dorothea 's kitchen - same night William and dorothea be drink wine , William have just finish he story . they be both look at a bowl he 's make on the table . silence for a beat then ... dorothea that 's beautiful . ext . dorothea 's side yard - night the 1939 Ford be in the front of the line of car . William 's inside , he 's not sure it 's go to work , turn the key , the engine start . dorothea you fix it ? 72 . william maybe ? it 's part volkswagon now . I have to improvise . dorothea can we take it for a ride ? william I think so . ext . santa barbara street - night they cruise in the old Ford . int . mel 's bar - night dorothea at the juke box , she select a old gene austin song . she sway alone on the empty dance floor . William appear and dance , fluid hippie style . she look at he in disbelief . dorothea my , dear . how can you learn about a person over there ? he stop , ok , how do you do it ? dorothea first , you introduce yourself to she , a little small talk , then you ask she to dance . william I be William , I live downstairs , with all the car . dorothea hello William . william would you like to dance ? she reach out and take he hand , awkwardly pull he in . 73 . dorothea this hand go here , this one round here . and just , be with she , all she really want be some company . close on William , it 's still mysterious what he feel , but he 's definitely happy . they dance to gene Austin . close on dorothea , the contact , the dance affect she more than she plan . 40 's music be take over by david bowie 's 1979 song '' dj '' int . baudelaire - night - continuous bowie 's '' dj '' blare : Jamie , trish , abbie and some older guy dance to chaotic , intense music . close on abbie : feel some of the freedom she 's be miss , some of the liberation this world use to give she . ext . around bandshell park - night everyone pile out of the car , run across the empty dark park . abbie lay down in the wet grass . Jamie come over , try to make she feel better . jamie I understand you . we should go away , just you and I , get up the coast , be alone somewhere . abbie hey - Jamie . you be in love with Julie . do not let she just run over you . tell she what you want . jamie I know . but he 's heartbroken for abbie . they share a look of love and regret . she touch he sweetly , somehow older than she be a hour ago , more alive to how complicated it all be . she punch he in slow motion . int . dorothea 's entry way dorothea and William return home from the bar . have pass the '' Art fag '' car on the way in , they discuss . 74 . dorothea if you be to listen to it , what do that mean , '' Art fag '' ? what be , think about it , from more like a sociological prospective . what be that ? william abbie understand it . dorothea abbie do not understand it , she 's just a part of it . int . abbie 's room - night dorothea and William find the black flag record . dorothea put nervous breakdown on the turntable . they jolt with the first guitar blast . dorothea 's try to understand it . William do not get she effort , he take the needle off . william we do not need to like this . dorothea need to know why this work , she put the needle back on , the music start up again . dorothea what 's he say ? with love , William talk they out . william ' head on my shoulder , it 's go berserk . 's dorothea be that interesting ? william I do not know either dorothea . he take she hand , stand she up . william maybe we be over think it . 75 . CUT to : the music 's louder . William and dorothea dance hesitatingly , sort of a light mosh , awkward . they slowly stop . dorothea what about the other one ? the art fag one ? CUT to : William and dorothea listen to talking head '' the big country . '' the music be odd , but spacious . William do a more fluid , semi-hippie dance . dorothea do a imitation of he , half mock he . he smile . dorothea I guess we be more art fag type . they continue to dance , free , awkward , fill with life . ext . santa barbara STREET - night Jamie , abbie and the other make they way down the beach , light only by abbie 's flash . they be drink , rowdy . trish have she arm around Jamie . CUT to : trish and Jamie be away from the group . her cut - up T-shirt reveal she cleavage , Jamie can not help but notice . trish what be you look at - inscrutable boy . she kiss he and then push he away . abbie 's see this happen with very mix feeling . they all run down the beach at night . abbie ( v.o. ) prelap I give he beer , teach he how to verbally seduce woman , we drive drunk , but I stop that , and then he kiss trish ? then we walk home . CUT to : abbie 's bedroom abbie 's talk to dorothea in she room . look guilty . dorothea cringe in motherly fear , but this be what she want . dorothea ah . be he ok ? 76 . to abbie 's surprise . abbie you be not mad ? you be mad . you should be mad . it 's not that - dorothea 's processing a lot . dorothea ( cont 'd ) you get to see he out in the world as a person , I never will . abbie feel for dorothea . she hand he one of the Polaroid from the night , Jamie look wild eye , have fun . abbie there , there he be . dorothea look at the stranger in the picture . int . dorothea 's bedroom - night dorothea lay in bed , worry . ext . eucalyptus area - day Julie and Jamie be alone . reading . Julie with '' forever '' and Jamie with '' we body we selve . '' Julie look to he . critical . take the book from he . julie I can not believe that abbie give you this . he look at it with she . jamie it 's interesting . he take it back . read a little more . jamie ( cont 'd ) what 's it like , for girl ? she look to he . 77 . julie what , sex ? jamie orgasms . she roll she eye . she go back to read . so do he . julie you really want to know ? jamie yeah . julie I do not have they . none of my friend do . jamie what ? why do you do it ? julie there 's other reason . the way they look at I , the way they all get a little desperate at some point . the little sound they make . she begin to imitate the sexual grunt of one of she guy . julie ( cont 'd ) and they body . CUT to reportage of sexualized teen boy from 1970 be ; photograph by joseph szabo . julie v.o . you do not know exactly how they be gonna look , or smell , or feel or whatever until you do it . but yeah , half the time I regret it . jamie so why do you do it ?? julie 78 . half the time I do not regret it . off Jamie , '' woman be even more of a trip that I think . '' int . jamie' bedroom he 's read again from sisterhood be powerful . title : it hurt to be alive and obsolete : the aging woman by zoe moss , 1970 . jamie ( v.o. ) I be gregarious , interested in other , and I think intelligent . jamie ( v.o. ) all I ask be to get to know people and to have they interested in know I . jamie ( v.o. ) I doubt whether I would marry again and live that close to another individual . but I remain invisible . jamie ( v.o. ) do not pretend for a minute , as you look at I that I be not as alive as you be , and I do not suffer from the category of which you be force I . I think stripped down I look more attractive than my ex-husband , but I be sexually and socially obsolete and he be not . int . dorothea 's bedroom - day visual 1 . jamie 's Pov : dorothea at one of her partie , holding court 2 . dorothea helping william learn how to cook , looking at he , wondering what he thinks of her visual 3 . jamie walk up to dorothea at work with all the men that don ’t get her 4 . jamie remembers dorothea with young doctor from beginning visual 5 . dorothea in her bath - she avoid her own naked body 6 . dorothea look at a 1979 porn magazine she found in jamie 's room Jamie 's read sisterhood be powerful to dorothea - she 's interested , but truly uncomfortable with all that she 's hear . we set up he read to she , then do a long track in on she face as she hear all this . 79 . jamie I have a capacity now for take people as they be , which I lack at twenty ; I reach orgasm in half the time and I know how to please . yet I do not even dare show a man that I find he attractive . if I do so , he may react as if I have insulted he . I be suppose to fulfill my small function and vanish . he 's feel for she and try to connect with she situation . he stop , long pause . dorothea what do you think of all that ? jamie maybe , I be a feminist ? dorothea that 's easy for man to say . she look at he , yearn for something she 's not get . dorothea you think that 's I ? jamie I do not know . dorothea you think you know I better cause you read that ? jamie no. dorothea then why be you read this to I ? jamie I just think it be interesting . 80 . dorothea I do not need to read a book to know about I . he 's push out of the room by she vibe . dorothea 's become angry . int . beach - day dorothea sit alone on the beach . smoke and think , feeling brewing . int . dorothea' kitchen - day dorothea find abbie in the kitchen , something 's on she mind . dorothea I appreciate you try to help , I do , but just think you be take it too far . and this stuff , with the woman 's movement , I respect but it 's complicated for he . abbie 's confuse . abbie what ? dorothea he 's fifteen . this hardcore feminism stuff be go too far . abbie 's surprised at dorothea 's change , she feel she be really help , she 's excited by what 's be happen . abbie ( what be you talk about ? ) he 's get so much out of it . he love it . it 's help he a lot . dorothea sound more angry . dorothea helping he what ? abbie try to reach out , only make thing worse . abbie helping he become a man , like you be talk about . 81 . dorothea learn about a female orgasm be help he be a man ? abbie well what man do you know who care anything about that ? it 's a miracle ! dorothea but he 's a high school kid , okay ? it 's too much . I be tell you . abbie I think he seem really okay with it . dorothea it 's not like you actually know what you be do here . abbie 's stung - hurt , betrayed . int . dorothea 's dine room - night dorothea , Jamie , Julie , abbie , William , Julian the doorman , a couple of carpenter from dorothea 's crew and Charlie from she work be gather around the television , watch Jimmy Carter 's crisis of confidence speech . jimmy carter o.s . as you know , there be a grow disrespect for government . the school , the news media , and other institution . this be not a message of happiness or reassurance . but it be the truth . and it be a warning . title : crisis of confidence speech , jimmy carter , 1979 . jimmy carter contd . it be a crisis of confidence . we can see this crisis in the grow doubt about the meaning of we own life ... 82 . title : koyaanisqatsi ; direct by godfrey reggio , filmed 1975 - 1979 , release 1982 . jimmy carter contd . .-- and in the loss of a unity of purpose of we nation . too many of we now tend to worship self indulgence and consumption . but we have discover that own thing visual 1 . koyaanisqatsi 2 . julie shrink wrapping a gift basket 3 . jamie vacuuming 4 . dorothea at work 5 . william fixing a car 6 . abbie playing with her bird 7 . julie smoking under the bridge 8 . dorothea smoking at the and consume thing do not satisfy we long for dinner table 9 . house party meaning . we always believe 10 . jamie sleeping on the that we be part of a great couch 11 . dorothea laying in movement of humanity itself , bed . involved in the search for freedom . we be at a turn point in we history . the path that lead to fragmentation and self - interest , down that road lie a mistaken idea of freedom . it be a certain route to failure . thank you , and good night . int . dorothea 's live room - night all we main character watch he strangely vulnerable speech . jimmy carter ( v.o. ) thank you and good night . everyone , in different way , be surprised by that speech . it take a minute for anyone to talk . carpenter oh , he 's screw . it 's over for he . dorothea that be a beautiful speech . they all look at she . int . dorothea '’s kitchen everyone 's gather around the table , busy , messy , help themselves to dorothea 's food as she finish get the big meal ready . through all the people , camera find Julie and William have a intense conversation - Jamie 's eavesdropp one person away . we come in mid conversation . 83 . dorothea Jamie , please bring abbie back to life . Jamie pretend to push on she back . abbie ugh , stop , I be menstruate . some wince and moan . abbie 's surprised . dorothea abbie do we need to know everything I be menstruate . that 's happen to you ? more wince . abbie 's not go to stop help Jamie . abbie you want to have a adult relationship with a woman you need to be comfortable with a woman have she period . say menstruation like there 's nothing wrong with it - menstruation . jamie menstruation . dorothea abbie ?! abbie ( to everyone ) c'mon ... . julian ( carpenter menstruation . menstruation . julie Gross . abbie focus on Julie and Jamie . abbie it 's a very important time for a woman . it can be very deep creatively speak , emotionally transformative . the crew guy be uncomfortable . William try to save it . 84 . william sex during menstruation can be very pleasurable for a woman , even provide relief from cramp . Jamie , I also want to say , never have sex with just the vagina , have sex with the whole woman . dorothea you too ? Julie 's mad at dorothea for try to control she relationship with Jamie - she look straight at Jamie ... julie my first one start while I be watch one flew over the cuckoo 's nest with some guy . I tell he I have to go , go to the market , get a box of tampon , go home , read the instruction on the box in my bathroom , figure out how to put they in . I never tell my mom , she never ask , I never see the end of cuckoo 's nest . silence . Jamie and dorothea be get more and more uncomfortable . william Jack nicholson 's character get a lobotomy so the big indian guy , like suffocate he with a pillow - so he 'il be , I do not know , free . more long look at William . dorothea let 's talk about something else . William 's hurt . Julie 's buzze with attention , can not stop lash out . julie first time I have sex I be 14 ... jamie Julie ?! 85 . julie I just decide one night I be go to lose my virginity , do not matter who . Jamie 's mad or protective , or both . he try to stop she . jamie can you chill out ? abbie let she talk . julie I pick this guy I do not know at a party , have fairly painful sex in he van park in the street , just spit in he hand for lubrication , get home in time for my curfew . the carpet in he van smell like spill bong water . the man be awkwardly mute . Julie wake up to what she 's do , surprised she hurt Jamie . dorothea 's have it with this girl as well . dorothea okay , let call it a night . C ’mon guy . dorothea herd the man from the table . abbie examine Julie anew . Julie 's finally become interesting to she , sympathetic . dorothea push they out of the live room . dorothea show 's over girl . everyone 's leave the party . int . dorothea '’s kitchen abbie help dorothea clean up . it 's hard for abbie to get dorothea 's attention . dorothea Jamie , we need to , there 's a lot of stuff happen , I have like to know what 's go on with you . this have all be a lot for we to deal with . she just lose he , he make a exasperate gesture . 86 . jamie I be deal with everything , you be deal with nothing . he leave , wildly piss . abbie and dorothea share a angry look themselves , abbie leave . reveal William be there , he look disappointed , avoid dorothea . int . jamie 's bedroom - night Julie come through the window . he 's angry with she , sit on the bed . julie hey ? jamie I can not believe you tell everyone all that . julie I can say what I want to say . jamie they be just gonna think you be some ... they be gonna get the wrong idea about you . that 's not like he , she 's surprised , hurt . julie ( a slut ? ) be that what you think ? Jamie 's truly confuse by it all . jamie you can not sleep here and just want to talk with I anymore . pause , that really scare Julie . julie really ? jamie yea . 87 . julie I be sorry . I be sorry . ok ? she feel horrible , and surprised , reeling . Jamie 's silent . julie ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here , like you say , let 's go up the coast . just the two of we . off Jamie , look like he 's go to shut she down . int . kitchen - day dorothea find the note Jamie leave . jamie ( v.o. ) mom. Julie and I take the car . we be take a trip up the coast . just to get away . you do not need to worry about we . i/e. 101 freeway - day - montage dorothea 's vw bug make its way up the 101 . classic California coast . half paint over '' art fag '' still visible on the side of the car . Inside the car , Julie smoke and drive , punk cassette on the radio . Jamie stare out the window , he arm around the back of she neck . they look like a couple in love . ext . rugged coastline Julie and Jamie explore the rugge rock along ocean . they sit on some rock , the rough ocean down below . ext . baudelaire club - night weeknight at the club , only the usual denizen be dance . after a beat we reveal dorothea enter the punk club alone . she 's not really look for jamie , she 's look for he world . ext . s.l.o. liquor store parking lot - night Jamie and Julie eye a skeezy middle age man on he way in . julie Excuse I sir , maybe you have buy we some wine cooler ? you can keep the change . the man take the money , walk in . julie strawberry , or anything berry . i/e. s.b. street - 39 ford - night dorothea smoke and drive - deal with she frustration . then cop light behind she . CUT to : cop ask she question . dorothea what 's the matter ? cop you change lane in the intersection back there . dorothea seriously , that 's all ? cop yes . I need to see you license . dorothea 's anti-authority thing kick in . dorothea well what if I do not have my license ? cop what 's you name , address and date of birth . dorothea that be personal question , I mean we have just meet . what 's you name ? where do you live ? right ? it 's a little forward . she look at he mischievously . 89 . int . HOTEL room - night Julie smoke in bed and undress . Jamie come in and sit on the bed . something 's brewing in Julie . Jamie 's look confuse , out of body himself . jamie I love you . he try to be sweet and caress she , she pull away . jamie what 's wrong ? julie nothing . jamie what be it ? julie I think I be too close to you to have sex with you , it confuse I . I be sorry . jamie I can help you get over that . julie I do not want to get over it . jamie yeah you do . julie you be be like the other guy . jamie I do not want to just , have sex with you , I want ... you . julie but that 's like , you version of I , that 's not I ... it have be better if you just want sex ... you be like the other , you just pretend to be all modern about it . 90 . Jamie rise , hurt and angry , get dress . julie Jamie ? he do not talk . he leave in a rush . ext . san luis obispo HOTEL Jamie exit the room , and take off . ext . san luis obispo - night Jamie hurriedly walk the street of this sleepy town alone . int . s.b. police station - night dorothea wait on a bench , after be process . Long shot down the hall , abbie walk up to she and sit by she . dorothea , hair a mess and kind of sweaty look at she confuse , down the hall she can see William wait patiently , not want to add to she pain . dorothea this people have no sense of humor . abbie let 's get out of here . abbie neaten dorothea 's hair , tidy she up a little bit , take she arm and they walk out past the male cop , who do not get out of the way , abbie have to shoulder butt one as they pass , hold they dignity together . int . abbie 's car -— night abbie drive she home . she 's exhaust , do not want any pity or judgement . int . dorothea 's bedroom - night abbie help dorothea into bed , get she a glass of water . abbie have a kid seem like the hardest thing . dorothea how much you love the kid be the hardest thing . you be just pretty screw . 91 . abbie feel the loss of what she can not have . ext . slo agrarian field - dawn Jamie , strung out and tired be walk down a dirt road next to a agrarian field . as he walk , a group of 30 or so latino migrant worker cross the road and the frame . they be head to work , some be as young as Jamie it seem , he stop as they all cross he , none of they look at he . two different world . int . dorothea 's kitchen - morning dorothea enter , find abbie and William at the table . she look at they , not sure , mix feeling , anger and vulnerability . dorothea Julie call , they be in San Luis obispo , but she can not find he . she look at they , more open and real . dorothea will you guy please come with I ? up there ? i/e. 101 freeway - 1939 ford - morning William drive dorothea and abbie up the 101 freeway . ext . central coast - same location as the bug beautiful landscape , the Ford make its way up the coast . ext . HOTEL room parking lot - day the Ford pull up , Julie 's wait , smoking . dorothea come to she concerned . Julie 's totally tear up , she look like she know she fuck up . dorothea where be he ? Julie point to the edge of the hotel , down by the oak tree . to Julie 's surprise , dorothea touch she sweetly . dorothea thanks for call I . 92 . ext . dry creek bed - day dorothea find Jamie , alone , angry , at first not want to talk to she . they have both be up most the night , they both look rough . he walk away , she follow . dorothea Julie 's a really complicated woman . I be impressed in a way , but that 's a lot to take on . he keep walk , head into the connect vineyard . she call after he , he do not look back , she follow . catch up with he . jamie be not you go to get Julie ? to come talk with I ? dorothea Jamie ! jamie what ? dorothea I think they have help . that stop he , change he . jamie it just seem like you could not deal with I anymore . dorothea look . I want . i. I do not want you to end up in the same place as I . jamie what do that mean ? dorothea well , I want you to be happier . I just do not think I could do it by myself . 93 . jamie okay .. I think we be fine though , just I and you . dorothea yeah ? jamie yeah . int . HOTEL room - night dorothea , abbie , Julie , Jamie and William sit in the room eat take out dinner . jump cut ; dorothea find a oldy station , 30s - 40 's music play . dorothea teach Jamie to dance , abbie join in , then Julie and William , they all find a partner . a small moment of grace between this 5 people . ext . HOTEL parking lot - day abbie , Julie and William be load up in dorothea 's car , wave , head off . improv goodby . dorothea and Jamie be alone now , they have to face each other . dorothea maybe we do not go back yet ? jamie o.k. int . slo supermarket - day dorothea and Jamie walk down the aisle . jamie I want to dye my hair . she 's not really comfortable with that . dorothea really ? jamie well , yeah . dorothea can not relate , but want to relate . 94 . int . s.l.o restaurant - day Jamie and dorothea have a picnic . jamie be you and dad ever in love ? dorothea at first . or maybe I be just suppose to be in love . or scared that I have never be in love . so I pick the best solution I have at the time . int . motel bathroom - day jump cut : dorothea wash Jamie 's hair / rub in the dye / wait with the little plastic baggy over he head / wash it out / dry he hair . she feel deep bittersweet heartbreak , love he so much , understand he so little . jamie be you lonely ? dorothea well , in my next life , I might marry bogart , we will see . jamie he 's ... dead . dorothea I be talk about next life right ? so he may be around , and we might meet and something might happen between we , ok ? jamie what about have that in the real world ? dorothea this be no time to get rational sweetie , can you just go with this ? jamie o.k. - keep go . 95 . dorothea he know what I be think , and what make I laugh - he can really see I . and , you know he 's gonna do what he say he 's gonna do , so it 's easy . jamie he sound great . ext . mid - coast lonely road - day dorothea drive . reveal that Jamie be on he skateboard hang onto the passenger door , window down . jamie ( v.o. ) I think that be just the beginning of a new relationship with she , where she would really tell I stuff . but maybe it be never really like that again . maybe that be it . int . nondescript room : smoke rise dorothea ( v.o. ) visual in March of 1999 , I nil start 1 . stock in newspaper 2 . to feel tired and confuse . jamie and dorothea sitting on when I finally go to the the couch watching tv doctor , he will say that the cancer in my lung have already travel to my breast and brain . i’1l try to teach Jamie what to do with my stock , but my instruction will be impossible to understand . int . desktop : dorothea 's very old hand be writing a note , but her handwriting be indecipherable . 96 . int . jamie' bedroom : julie and jamie lay in bed and talk julie ( v.o. ) visual abbie will take I to plann 1 . abbie and julie at planned parenthood . and I will go on parenthood 2 . julie alone in the pill . I will go to nyu planned parenthood room , and lose touch with Jamie and learning about birth control . dorothea , and I will stop 3 . julie looking at camera 4 . talk to my mom , I will julie 's mother looking at fall in love with Nicholas , camera 5 . julie staring at we will move to Paris , and camera smoking in her creek . choose not to have child . int . abbie 's room : jamie and abbie dancing - repeat scene abbie ( v.o. ) I will stay in Santa Barbara . int . bird cage : carlotta the finch lie lifeless on the floor of the cage . max fly around . ext . suburban yard : abbie dig a hole , put something in it . we see dead bird in abbie 's hand . abbie ( v.o. ) a month after I get marry carlotta will die . a week later , Max will die too . int . garage : portrait of abbie in her studio . abbie I will work out of my garage and show in local gallery . ext . suburban STREET : abbie stand in front of a house , next to a man , the reporter she worked with before . a baby in her arm , 2 year old by her side . abbie against my doctor 's advice , I will get pregnant , and by the time I be 30 I 'il have two boy . int . dorthea 's kitchen - day dorothea sit down to do she stock . William come and sit on she leave , pick up a pen with he leave hand , scratch she back with he right , like they do . 97 . william ( v.o . ) i‘1l live with dorothea for another year . then i’1l open a pottery store in sedona Arizona . ext . william 's pottery area : william talk to camera . william I will marry Laurie , a singer - songwriter . we will get divorced in a year . then i’1l meet Sandy , we will marry , and I will continue to do my pottery . visual 1 . still of sedona landscape 2 . rustic clay pot 3 . laurie with guitar 4 . cat scan of brain tumor 5 . william with sandy 6 . rustic clay pot ext . airport : dorothea be walked to a biplane by a sweet , roundish jim broadbent type of man . he help her into the plane . kiss her , and watch as she take off . jamie ( v.o. ) my mom will meet Jim in 1983 , they will be a couple until she die . on she birthday each year , he will buy she a trip on a biplane . int . dorothea 's live room : she and jamie dancing jamie ( v.o . ) year after she 's go I 'il finally get marry and have a son . i/e old biplane head down the runway , lift into the AIR - dorothea look happy and free . jamie ( v.o. ) I ' 1l try to explain to he what he grandmother be like - but it will be impossible . close on dorothea 's face as the plane fly above the santa barbara coast , the excitement of flight in her expression . as time goe by plays .