for. mariana and santiago 21 gram written by guillermo arriaga 1 int . cristina's room ’-- day : 1 male and female clothing be strewn around a upper middle class room , decorate in good taste . a leather jacket hang drape over a chair and a lead blue dress lie on the floor . cristina ( 34 ) - thin , soft -skin - sleep face down , naked , half cover by the sheet , barely light by the light come through _ the window . beside she messy hair ts on the od sadly at 's the , ( for i , 4 if '' aul ( 41 ) naked , strong feature , pierce eye and ef the mattress , smoking and stare '' he eye he sit 's ( up , bring hab hand to ! ‘nde : ssrow , rub he foreneaa and remain \pensive ps he nlook i 7 fade out 2 int . soda fountain -- night 2 fade in to a soda fountain with white wall and red booth . the wall be hang with image of they product : milkshake , soda , hamburger . Michael ( 37 ) - dress informally with a pleasant , relaxed face - sit at a table with he daughter : Laura ( 5 ) and Katie ( 4 ) . both look very pampere . Laura slurp she chocolate milkshake through a straw . michael sweetie , do not slurp . LAURA why ? michael it sound awful . LAURA daddy ! but the bottom 's the yummiest part ! < > she slurp again . Michael shake he head in mild disapproval . michael hurry up : mom 's wait for we . Katie start blow into she straw , make bubbles . katie look daddy , a volcano .. michael you volcano 's very pretty , but finish up you milkshake so we can go see mommy ... she stop blow and - lap up the spill milkshake 's front of the ' s1a88 .. her father ' smile condescendingly . - ' the edge 3 group , therapy '' session . in the group we cristina , with ah '' inténse ook in she eye , who om seem to have 's be at war . for a long time and be finally on the '' ly way to find peace . she talk before the group 's .. attentive stare . cristina last night I be watch " cinderella " with my daughter when suddenly Laura , the older one , ask I why neither cinderella nor " beauty " , nor Ariel have mother and goddammit , she be right : there be no mother in disneyland . and they know about they grandma , that I be a motherless child , and they be scared to death that they will lose I and I do not know what to tell they because I be . just as fuck afraid . ( a beat ) afraid of lose control , of end up in a hospital again , die from a overdose . she remain meditative for a few second . it be obvious that she be in pain , but will not-cry . cristina ( cont 'd ) a I miss my mother terribly and , cs damn I be furious when the cancer swallow she up .. she leave I when I ( more ) of ; co with cristina ( cont ’d ) need she most . and now I look at my daughter and Michael , and they love I , and I love they , and I know I can not fail they , I just can not ... she remain silent . it seem as if she want to say something else , but she just smile painfully . 4 int . RELIGIOUS CENTER room -- day Jack ( 35 ) be a strong , wiry man , with a‘closely shaven face and wolfish feature . he wear blue jeans , a short - sleeve shirt . the phrase '' Jesus love you " be tattooe on he leave forearm . on he right be a chinese ideogram and rune and there be a star on the back of he right hand . a small heart be tattooe on he neck . wooden chair in -a room decorate only by a cheap of a renais nee hunt scéiie . anvold refrigerator . of the corner . he sit on reproducti stand '' in seat in front of hin isa skinny , Black - haire boy . aay , also tattooe . they , play jenga on : ' table Jack pull outia ( piece , place e ‘on top and the tower sway slightly . i 4 : pn ner ii fof _o uw '' think which . ene you be go to pull . out . boy I always think , man .. jack no , you do not : they do not lock you up this time because you be not eighteen yet , but the next time you be gonna get fuck . you turn . the boy pull out a block and the tower collapse . jack ( cont 'd ) see : you be not think . the boy sit , analyze he defeat . Jack stand up , get some orange juice from the refrigerator , pour two glass and give one to the boy . jack ( cont 'd ) stealing might get you money , you can tap some cheerleader 's ass and you can show off riding some pickle color thunderbird , but tell I : what the fuck be you gonna do if ( more ) jack ( cont 'd ) you shoot a pregnant woman or a old man ? huh ? you know what 'il happen ? the guilt will suck you down to the bone . he drink from he glass and look at the boy again , who listen , annoyed . . jack ( cont ’d ) no , steal car be not worth it , believe in Jesus be .. he point at he " Jesus love you " tattoo . he stand up and walk over to the window . jack ( cont 'd ) come here . the boy .walk -oever to.him . '' gack point at™a new ; double~cabin , silver 's Ford lobo park ' inthe work - class street - that run by the religious ' center . / v4 a i hoa to i poa tg jack ( cont ’d ) ~ o , / see that truck ?.. it ’sa beauty be not . 's ; pitre. : ' of por of '' yeah , Jack pull out a keychain and press the alarm button . the truck 's horn honk and the light flash . jack iwon it at a Wal Mart raffle ... boy no shit ? jack no shit . but it be not luck - it be Jesus that want I to have that truck ... boy ( mock ) that 's bullshit . I bet you steal it .. jack Jesus Christ give it to 'my , it 's he who give 's and take away ... boy yeah right . he do not give a shit about we .. I bet he do not even know I exist . jack God even know when a single hair move on you head ... '' Jack press the alarm button . the truck honk and flash again . : 5 int . intensive care unit -- day 5 Paul - with a grow beard , slightly long hair , and wear a white robe - be half sit on a bed in the intensive Care unit of a modest clinic . he be connect to a respirator , with a i.v. in he leave arm and electrode attach to he chest . a discontinuous green line jump in a monitor . paul ( v.0o . ) so this be death 's wait room ? this ridiculous tube , this needle swell '' my arm ?... a he look 's '' aroun sy like faim , '' enére e@ be many gravely ill patient ; most of : they are} already on 3 " ore ) fcome : D ) what , be I do : in 's t be pre-corpse j club ? what do : q ) ' have to do with they ? ; of ~ he look 's ata ' gat old ' woman ' whose breathe inflate and deflate r\_ / a rubber . balloon beside she . . Lone 1 ceed paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with she and the cancerous tumor rotting she stomach ... he then turn to look at a young man with a bandage head . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) «or with he who fall drunk out of a third floor window ... he close he eye . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know when anything begin anymore ... paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he open he eye . | wor when it 's go to end . he turn to look at the patient . oq e oo L. paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they say we all lose 21 gram at the exact moment of we death . everyone : 21 gram .. the weight of a stack of five nickel , the weight of a hummingbird , a chocolate bar ... he stare at a unconscious young woman ( 26 ) . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who will be the first to lose they 21 gram ? she , in a coma .. Paul , stunne , watch the pre-death spectacle . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or I ?... 6 int , highway motel bathroom -- day cristina , dress in , biack ' short and a t- shirt ; - be - in - motel bathroom , a bare bulb ' mottle with fly excrement , a messy ' hang from the ecéile . we hear the sound 's ‘of water continuously deak into the toilet . there i8 4 crack ! mirror - ' above the filthy / flowery | curtain ' cover the showe stall . | ‘sink . cheap she open a backpack and take ' oat a small 's baggie fitlea with cocaine . she scoops ' some out with a béttlecaép and ' snort it . she sit on the toilet cover , .. swallow and bring she : hand to she head . ef a 7 int . examining room , gynecologists office -- day Mary ( 38 ) with vigorous , sweet eye - be lie on a gynecologist ' 's examine table , with she leg open on the stirrup . a gynecologist examine she with a nurse beside he . he finish and look she in the eye . gynecologist you can get dress now . 8 int . gynecologists office -~ day Mary be sit before the gynecologist in a nicely decorate , but not over - luxurious , office . the doctor look over some chart . gynecologist for how long have you be try to get pregnant ? mary a year anda half . ( worried ) be there something wrong ? the doctor look at she and hesitates before answer . gynecologsit I be afraid so . you uterus and fallopian tube be severely damage . it look like you have a infection that be not take care of . ( a beat ) have not this be detect before ? mary they would mention something , but ... Mary look troubled . she turn to look at the doctor . mary ( cont 'd ) will I be able to have child ? gynecologist we can try surgery but the probability would still i evnuconodr ' | ' cont 's D ) Excuse 's I for : ask , this , but it 's / jabsolutely necessary 's that you tell . im é theitruth : have you , ever have a > abortion ? oo Mary think , het answer -.over 's and slowly assent . mary yes . gynecologist any reason ? Mary remain pensive again . mary I get pregnant when I would already separate from my husband and I think that ... gynecologist ( uncomfortable ) I mean medical reason . Mary lower she head , ashamed . mary ( mumbling ) my husband be die . gynecologist I be sorry ? mary Paul , my husband , he 's die and I wiip * 301ss0 alsseh ink Mary stare absently . the doctor sit down next to she . gynecologist we can operate and hope you get pregnant in three or four month . mary ( smiling with bitter 's irony ) he 's get one month leave ... at most . the doctor look at she , speechless . 9 ext . patio , RELIGIOUS CENTER -- day Jack and ' the '' boy signal each . other goodbyé in the religious center 's - patio - - it look '' iike a old primary school e boy run off to joa a group of ' young men-like he playi : basketball . i é for reverend John ( 48 ) - rosy , red - haire wit ' long sideburn and no moustache , dress ' in 'a sort of black mess : jacket - walk up to Jack as - he look - at the boy . ) i . '' a ; jou - . ° _ how ' d : it go ? : bo } '' Jack shake '' he head as he watch the boy play . jack not good . this kid 's go to end up in jail . JOHN be patient ; all it take be one sheep in a thousand ... they walk toward the exit and reach the door . a fat man with long hair catch up to they . he slap Jack on the back and they stop . fat man ( to John ) afternoon reverend ... . ( to Jack ) hey Wolf , be you still have you birthday party on Wednesday ? : jack yep , my place . fat man cool ... the fat man leave . Jack and John walk outside . 10 ext . RELIGIOUS center STREET -- continuous 10 ack see you later . JOHN see you ... they shake hand . Jack walk toward he truck , deactivate the alarm with the remote control and get in . 11 ext . jack house -- day a 1 Jack 's Ford lobo park in front of a humble house ; a cheap one - floor construction in a work class neighborhood . several child be play on the sidewalk , among they freddy ( 9 ) and gina ( 7 ) Jack 's child . Marianne ( 29 ) , he wife - athletic , streetwise with some class - watch she child while sit a i peer Jack pick he ; up and kiss : he . Marianne walk up to he with gina who , more reserve , hug nex '' father 's 's : leg . . '' . " " _martanne ae i hey honey ... they kiss hello . freddy dad , be we go to go buy a dog ? marianne freddy , we agree no dog . freddy why not ? you say . marianne you sister have asthma and dog hair be bad for she ... freddy it 's bad for she , not I .. get I a dog ... jack no , and that 's the end of it . : freddy well , at least get I a hamster ... 10 . jack we will see ... freddy promise , huh ?.. . q Jack stroke he head and walk toward the house with Marianne in he arm . 12 ext . motel swimming pool -- day Paul be sit on a old pool chair make of interlace plastic strip . his face be filthy with dust and sweat . absorb , he stare at the empty pool , the bottom cover with branch , dry leave and dirt . behind he be the room of a dusty desert motel . Far off we can hear the coo of a mourn dove . cristina ( dress as she be in sc.6 where she snort the cocaine ) find Paul '' arid walk toward : he , she stand in front of he . Paul lift his '' hand to shield he ) eye fromthe sun '' vibrate behind cristina 's . : / pod i ! ckrsrrna 's ' where | be you ? | Paul do not answer . he pull 4 revolver from he waist , open the cylinder and 's empty out thréé '' shéll . : he put they on the '' ) glass top .of - a white , - wronght*iron table . mesmerized , cristina examine ..one.of they . wend cristina ( cont 'd ) do you kill he ? Paul nod . cristina grow pale and | run she leave hand through she hair . both remain silent . 13 int . prison hallway -~ day Jack walk down the hallway of a large jail , escort by two guard . many inmate mock he through the bar . inmate 1 what happen ? Jesus do not love you no more ? inmate 2 hey Wolf : you be back motherfucker . Jack pay no attention . his serious , concentrate stare contrast with they babbling . . they reach a cell . one of the guard open it and signal Jack to ( goot inside . guard 1 welcome home asshole . 12 13 li. Jack glare at he . he walk in and they slam the gate shut . 14 int . indoor pool -- night 14 \/ ghere be three or four people swim leisurely in the pool . in the fourth lane , cristina swim in at full speed . down the third , several foot behind , come she sister Claudia ( 27 ) . she be slender and look like cristina . cristina . I win . Claudia also take off she cap and goggle . claudia you be just lucky . cristina splashes water in she eye . she smile , cristina lift herself : out of} the fpool . she ! walk toward | 'a chair , grab a towel , dry ; she hand and open she gym 4 pag '' : fg when she pull : out the cell phone it '' stop '' uing ! ghe look at the screen and put it . away : Claudia catch up with she and sit ae™ on the ’.chair . beside ' her. : : a see ~ ~ claudia 7 do you want to go to the jacuzzi for a while ? cristina I can not ; Michael and the girl must be wait for I already ... claudia ok , I will see you later . Claudia walk toward one side of the pool . cristina wrap herself i up in a towel and grab she gym bag . when she be about to go , Claudia call out to she . claudia ( cont 'd ) cristina . cristina turn around . 15 int . meeting hall , RELIGIOUS CENTER -~- afternoon 15 Men and woman who look like sinner be save be take part C .in a religious ceremony lead by John . among they be Jack and he _/ family , dress as they be in sc.11 when Jack get home . 12 . there be no religious imagery inside the hall . there be no pews , only twelve metal chair against the wall where two or three old woman sit . they all repeat John 's word in unison . JOHN Jesus be we hope ... everyone Jesus be we hope ... JOHN Jesus be we light ... everyone Jesus be we light ... JOHN ~£orgiveness - Jesus be '' py ig everyone bof , Jesus be we forgiveness : yf ~ sof boa JOHN ' Jesus be the water that . quench my / i thirst ... ii , '' everyone .e- water that quench my - '' Jesus ist thirst ... Jack repeat the phrase passionately . Marianne , look at he annoyed , barely mutter they . 16 int . bedroom , paul apartment -- afternoon Paul be lie on he bed watch the news on t.v. in a well furnish , but unpretentious , apartment . he look very thin , some 15 pound underweight , rag and pale . he breathes oxygen through a tube connect to he nose from a green tank on wheel . he sit up with difficulty and turn off the t.v . he fix he robe and stand up take care not to get tangle . he walk into the bathroom , trail the tank behind he . 17 int . bathroom , paul 's apartment day / evening he lock the door . in front of the mirror be several photograph of baby and on the sink there be a rubber ducky . Paul look at .it and put it back in its place . bend down and open the cabinet under the sink . he rummages around roll of toilet paper , soap , shampoo , until . he find a small plastic tube . he open it and sit on the toilet . 16 17 13 . Inside there be a cigarette and a lighter . Paul take the tub out of he nose and light the cigarette . he breathes in deeply and exhales the smoke with great pleasure . noise . Paul prick up he ear . he give the cigarette a long drag , open the window and flick it out . mary ( 0.s. ) hey baby , I be home ... he try to push the smoke out of the window with he hand . 18 int . live room , paul' apartment -- continuous 18 Mary ( dress as she be in sc.8 where she see the gynecologist ) set a briefcase and some papers down on the live room table . paul ( 0.s . ) aa : mary esus , | iyou scared I Paul smile , breathe ogisatedly fon '' the '' effort in get there . she move close to kiss he . ij , oe nase ( comm ) ! 7 ) at '' how be you . feel ? lo paul ( ironic ) just great ... Mary do not find the answer funny . she notice something on he and draw close to smell he . mary have you be smoking again ? Paul shrug he shoulder .. she get upset . mary ( cont 'd ) for fuck 's sake Paul . do not you realize the state you be in ? Paul puff , unaffected . Mary start to search under one of the sofa 's cushion and can not find anything . she go over to a different couch and find a plastic tube like the one Paul open in the bathroom . paul if I do not smoke I will go nut . I be cy sick of be lock up in here . 14 . mary better nut than dead . Mary break the cigarette into piece and turn to he . mary ( cont ’d ) I do not know how the hell you get they . 19 int . prison hallway -~ day . 19 all the cell be empty with they door open except for Jack 's . he sit on he cot , inert . the head guard walk by the cell and turn to one of he subordinate . head guard he still will not come out to eat ? ss '' guard tof - he 's 's tbeén on water for , ' three day i : : now . ' De I bring ! he something ? é i head guard j ne , let the fucker 's starve . 20 . int . motel room , neght / dana ~ oo of 20 Paul be aying '' on a mobel _xoom floor ( the.. same as where cristina snort the coke in sc.6 ) , with a gunshot wound in he chest . he be barefoot and he shirt be soak in blood . cristina be bent over he , try to rouse he . she turn to Jack who be stand at one end of the room with he forearm tear and cover in clotting blood , he face and body beat . cristina call a ambulance . Jack remain motionless , stunne . cristina ( cont ’d ) ( scream ) call a ambulance , goddamit . Jack be motionless for a few more second . he go toward Paul , bend down and look at he . jack there 's not enough time , we have to take he to the hospital . without another word , he grab Paul by the shoulder and start drag he outside . cristina what be you do ? you be go to kill he . qo Jack pay no attention and keep drag Paul , leave a thick trail of blood on the floor . cristina run toward he and carry Paul 's foot to help he . 21 ext . motel parking lot ~~ continuous 22 a small group of curious onlooker ( some half - dress couple , a woman in she fifty ) surround the room . Jack and cristina carry Paul out , bleed . stumble from Paul 's weight , they finally reach a 99 Ford focus . cristina realize she do not have the car key . she let go of Paul and run toward the room . _cristina the key . Jack keeb drag / frail tovana the car . : she come back with a pair of : man 's pants 's ) ummage eor the keys. in the pocket . } for she find they , press the button 5 unlock the car ahd open the back door . : they , lay Paul : in the’ car with difficulty . cristina hold out the key for Jack .? he decline with he and . ; € stina ( cont ’d ) drive ! jack I be not drive . cristina he 's fuck die ! Jack hesitates for a moment . he snatch the key from cristina , and , with he hand stain with Paul 's blood , open the driver 's door . 22 ext . cristinas house -- day 22 Paul be stand outside cristina 's house in a upper middle class residential area . he ring the doorbell repeatedly but no one open . he take two step back , stare at the entire house and leave . 23 ext . golf course ~- day 23 several caddy be chat , sit on park golf cart at the edge of the golf course . Jack arrive carry a golf bag . he be dress in white like the other , but wear a long - sleeve shirt . 16 . Jack drop the bag heavily next to one of the cart . one of the caddy make fun of he . caddy 1 what 's the matter ? stick too heavy for you ? Jack smile and grab he crotch . jack ' just this one . wanna help I carry it ? the answer make the other caddy cackle . one of they point to a cooler overflow with beer . caddy 2 have a cold one . he walk - ’o sa to the cooley , . xummage under the '' beer 's ' and - pull out a coke . he open , the can ' and raise it . ee i Al ( 50 ) i a robust man 's walk : over '' bo they . eby cappy : = " hey al , want a beer ? he vehemently refuse , ' shaking he head . he walk toward Jack and stand in front of he . al the boss want to talk to you . 24 int . head of caddy office day 24 Jack be sit before Brown ( 40 ) , the head of caddy . he be wear thick glass , a cheap tie and a blue shirt with sweat stain around the armpit . jack ( upset ) I know I be not the best caddy , but I be work at it . I be learn , Brown , I swear , i.wo not make you look bad ... brown that 's not the problem Jack . the thing be , some mémber have be complain about you tattoo . colsack show he he shirtsleeve . jack I have get a long - sleeve shirt ; you can not see they . '' ) Brown get up and point to a tattoo on Jack 's neck . brown what about that one ? do you sleeve cover that one too , or be you go to start wear a scarf ? Brown look out the window and point to some golf player . brown ( cont 'd ) look Jack , this be a club for people different from you and I , you understand , right ? Jack look hurt . Brown , fl don’ , , \t ' drink , be do not steal , ( Tim glean ; why be you fix I ? on : ! brown i it ' know ! you be : clean that 's 's why I jthire you . but this decision '' come / . a / from ' the administration and if I : es ls le do not follow through they 's i fuck I ! - too. ~ , . bce ( a beat ) I get you a hefty severance check . you can pick it up at the cashier . Jack look shocked . he run he finger through he hair and stand up , apparently calm . Brown hold out he hand ; Jack just look at he scornfully . brown ( cont ’d ) try to understand . suddenly , Jack get a putter from a bag in the corner and feign he be about to smash some painting of old - fashioned golfer . Brown stand fearless , wait for he to finish release he anger . Jack do not break the painting , throw the putter away and leave , slamm the glass door behind he . luckily , it do not break . 25 int . laundry room , cristina '’s house -- day 25 cristina be sit alone in front of the wash machine . she smoke nervously with teary eye and drink repeatedly froma hottle of vodka . on the wash machine be two black bag . so éne grab one of the bag , sigh deeply and open it . she pull out a bloody girl 's dress , the same Katie be wear in sc. 2. ag | she spread it out , look at it painfully , then put it into the wash machine . she keep pull out Katie 's clothes and with each one cristina seem to break down , but do not cry . the phone start ringing , but she pay no attention . finally , she pull out a pair of blue sneaker with red shoelace . she look at they for a long time . she put they to one side and cover she face with she leave hand . the phone will not stop ringing . 26 ext . humus processing plant -- day 26 in a large humus processing plant in the middle of the desert , Jack shovel black earth and put it in a sack . Black dust cover scene and Jack look dirty . several worker shovel around Jack without notice he , . 27 27 int , - hospptal room = afternoon Paul be die on 's to ted with have torso enormous scar gun : : down he iches Doctor rothberg ( 50 ) robust , ved= ' ndire - examine he . beside he be dolore ; ( 60 ) , ; the nurse ; a woman | with ' deep blue eye , plump , maternal . ood a ; a oe we mo ~~ rotheerg be there any pain ? paul my head aches . rothberg that 's normal ; you blood pressure 's low . we be go to give you a shot to make you feel better . dolore pull out a syringe and prepare the injection . rothberg ( cont ’d ) I bring what you ask for . from a suitcase , he pull out a glass jar in which float a human heart . bewildere , Paul look at the jar . paul be that my heart ? rothberg nod and hand it to he . Paul stare at it , speechless . he shake the jar . the heart sway slowly in the jar , bounce against the glass wall . 28 int . paul 's car , humus processing plant -~ day 28 Paul and cristina drive down a road by the side of the vast desert . in the distance be several park truck . several worker , Jack among they , load the truck with the sack of humus . cristina which one be he ? paul the one in the white shirt . cristina watch Jack as the car move on . 29 ext . highway' edge ~~ continuous 29 Jack see Paul 's car drive by and he eye meet with cristina 's , who stare at he fiercely . he see they drive on , grab a sack and load : it into the truck . 30 paul 's ss car , deser ? " =o conanuous can 30 Paul accelerate ' past / the cruck . crist to . breathes tkirolgh she mouth , hervously i she tukn to . take at nim fixedly . she can barely speak . ~ ~o rrgr na : I be go to kill he . I be go to kill he .. Paul move forward some more . he stop the car , embrace cristina and caress she tenderly . she receive he caress breathe agitatedly . cristina ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) we have to kill he . please ... 31 int . jack house ~-- day . 31 Jack 's house be humble . the live room be sparsely furnish , decorate with cheap Wal -mart painting - vase , boat - all surround a large color photograph of Jack and he family receive the key to the Ford lobo in front of a Wal - Mart . a break electric fan sit in one of the corner . in the center stand a old television .set - one of the first make with a remote control . '' Jack and he family be sit in the dining room , hold hand oli Te he say grace . 20 . jack thank you , Lord , for keep we together , for fill we with love and for give we this meal . amen . everyone amen . they let go of they hand and Marianne start serve . jack ( to Marianne ) I get fire from the club . Marianne hold the serve spoon in mid-air . marianne the usual ? the child ' start fight jack ; ( to Marianne ) ' [ r! guess so . _ mar tanne '' now what . be '' we go to ' do ? weet jack I 'il find something . the child keep fight . suddenly freddy hit gina in the arm . she complain immediately . gina mommy , freddy hit I in the arm . marianne freddy , stop it . gina Mom , it hurt . Jack drop he . fork and knife on the table , annoyed . jack which arm ? gina this one . jack hold out you other arm . marianne Jack , do not start . jack hold it out and let you brother hit you . : marianne ! Jack , no . jack ( to Marianne ) " whoever slap you on you right cheek , turn the other to he also " ( to the girl , who hesitates ) hold it out . she obey and hold out_ she arm . ce ~..gacK ( cont 's b} ly fto freddy ) . of '' hit she . poa for on} ( the boy hesitates : : a say hit she . é the boy : hit she : and gina scream in pain . Marianne push she chair . out and - stand up , angry . shé walk ' téward she daughter , grab she - by ' the hand and . take she away - freddy be '' bcare . ' Jack stare at he and slap he '' violently on the nape of the neck . jack ( cont ’d ) there 's no hit in this house . he slap he again . jack ( cont ’d ) understood ? he turn to keep eat he spaghetti . 32 int . paul 's bedroom -- night 32 Paul be lie in bed , connect to the oxygen tank . he be read a magazine by he bedside lamp . Mary , with she back turn to : he , undress . : Mary slip on a nightgown and sit down in front of the mirror to comb she hair . she put the brush down and turn to Paul . mary next Friday , ask lupe to stay the night . I can not stay because I invite the company manager over for dinner . paul I fire lupe . mary you fire she ? why ? paul she make I feel like a cripple . mary goddammit Paul , now who 's go to cook for you ? who 's go to clean up after you ? who 's go to take care of you ? who ? paul I can do it by myself . Mary shut she eye , a '' mary ; . _ 1 , can 's e anymore , Paul . really , I can not . Mary bring she han bo she forehead and rub it , hurt , '' he get up with difficulty and walk j toward she . she sit * down next to he and - :he hug she . she stay | still . a } after 'a white , 's playfully , Paul start '' kiseing she | ' neck . he pulis down she bra : ' and stroke , she breast . if '' mary ( cont 'd ) — what be you do ? paul what do it feel like ? she pull he hand away . mary you might hurt yourself . besides , I need you to .. she be silent for a few moment , pensive . she grab he hand and look he in the eye . mary ( cont 'd ) I go to a fertility clinic . Paul sigh in disapproval . paul more doctor ? Mary , we have talk about this ... mary no , this be a specialist . ( more ) mary ( cont ’d ) he say that with surgery I might get pregnant in three month . you need to donate sperm and then .. Paul let go of she hand and stand up . paul Mary : no . mary { I could take care of he . : paul but I can not . no Mary , no . what 's the point ? ' they be silent . Mary hold out she hand and grab Paul 's . she pull it toward she . a '' mary } it ss ; aunat I most want in . ' the world . of : | do it for I , | please , ro : é pi paul oo ) ' why go ! you want imy child ? I m die . '' vagy ee wet shine , , Paul put ‘his hand on he brow and do not say anything else . 33 ext . cristina's house -- day 33 Paul be parke@ in front of cristina 's house , watch . it be hot ; Paul sweat . she do not appear . he get out of the car and wipe the sweat from he forehead . cristina walk out when he be slightly distract . she stroll down the sidewalk past lucio ( 20 ) - a skinny salvadorian boy who be wash a car with a bucket . LUCIO Morning ma'am . cristina good morning lucio . Paul watch cristina walk down the street . 34 ext . STREET ~- continuous ' 34 Paul follow she discreetly a few yard away . she walk into a convenience store . Paul follow . 24 . 35 int . convenience store -- continuous 35 she grab some yogurt from the refrigerator , then browse the aisle and grab a bottle of vodka . Paul watch she carefully . cristina head over to the cashier to pay . Paul grab a box of frosted flake and line up behind she . he do not stop scrutinize she : the nape of she neck , she back , she hair , she hand . it be cristina 's turn . the cashier ring up the item . cashier do you find everything you need today mar ‘am ? cristina nod . cashier ( cont ’d ) that 's 11l be _twenty three dollar and ae ' eighteen ' cent . : sec aren fy / / cristina pay , ; take she yogurt and leave . Paul wacdoet she go . / foi od cashter '' J ont 's D ) : ( to Paul ) ' | oo / q '' ' do you find everything you need | j / today . sir ? 36 ( " 36 ext . STREET 4 woment Paul walk out with he shopping bag . he see cristina walk away . he pull out a cigarette , light it and watch she get lose in the distance . 37 ext . live room , jack house -- night 37 Marianne be in she live room surround by several guest : ex - convict ( among they the fat man from sc.9 ) , door- to- door salesmen , convert young man , woman with dyed hair and reverend John . on the table be bottle of soda , potato chip , pretzel , but no alcohol . the only smoker in the room be a squalid , pale young woman . the house seem too small for so many guest , and Marianne seem uncomfortable . she move from one group of people to the next almost without talk to anyone . overwhelm , Marianne go to the kitchen . 38 int . kitchen -- continuous 38 Three people chat inside . in front of the stove , trish ( 40 ) slim , ( swear jeans and a black t-shirt - be stir soup in a large \uj / pot . she turn toward Marianne . trish it 's ready . Marianne grab a spoon and taste it . trish ( cont ’d ) when do my brother plan to show up ? , marianne he say he have be back by eight . the other leave the kitchen only trish and Marianne remain . trish look around she and check that no one be watch . she duck down and pull out a open beer from under the sink . she show it to Marianne . trish one hundred percent pure corona . she give : tt. to : Marianne , who : turn she 's back to the- door . she take ja gulp and , logic disgust . of : '' trish . '' you wanna spend the night drink | yy emonade ? < : Marianne smile in complicity , feign give the beer back and then give it another drink . both break into laughter . 39 int . hall cristina 's house -- night 39 cristina walk in with a gym bag . she be wear sweatpant and she hair be wet . the house be cozy with family portrait of Michael , the child and herself . Brick wall , several plant . she stop at the foot of the stair . cristina I be home ... nobody answer . she put the bag down and walk up the stair . 40 int . hall cristina's house -- continuous 40 she walk down the hall . she listen for voice : nothing . cristina Katie , Laura , where be you ? she open a door and we can see the girl ' room . 41 int . girl room cristina 's house -- continuous 41 she walk into the room and turn she cell phone on to listen to er message . while she do so she start pick up after she daughter and tidy the room up . father ( 0.s. ) sweetie , I be just call to see if you want to have lunch next week ... call I ... she press a button to listen to the next message . michael ( 0.s . ) hey honey , we be on we way home . if you need I to pick up anything on the way , give I a call on my cell phone . : | she walk 's around the room fix thing as 's she lister . ~ she stop : to rearrange '' some doll : on the cell '' one , voice - be jneard . a for '' i LAURA ( oo. s. y ' daddy daddy ...! aikitt michael ( 0. s. ' / de ' t touch it ../ Laura , ' leave it ... ox ! ; honey , t 11 see you at '' '' home .~ cristina pressés a few buktoss , hang up .. and leave : the room . 42 int . kitchen cristina's house -- continuous 42 she walk into the kitchen . she open the sport bag , pull out the towel and swimsuit ( the one use in sc.14 ) and drape they over a chair . she open the pantry and take out four plate . she start set up four place for dinner on the kitchen table . the phone ring . cristina answer while she arrange the plate . cristina hello ... speak ... as she listen , the expression on she face change . cristina ( cont 'd ) what ...? where ? 43 int . reverend JOHN be car ~- night 43 John drive a old 1983 pontiac . Marianne sit beside he . both be silent and slightly uncomfortable . in the distance we see a group of curious onlooker light intermittently by a patrol car turret . 27 . they slowly drive past the scene . nothing can be see between the group of onlooker . a girl 's shoe lie a few foot ahead . ( fyronn park the car further on and open the door . JOHN stay here , I ’1ll be right back . he get out . Marianne stay in the car , breathe nervously . a4 int . doctor 's office ~~ afternoon . 44 Paul , look terrible , sit in a wheelchair and be connect to a small oxygen tank . he be next to Mary , before the gynecologist . gynecologist ' be you sure you want to do this ? ' | bved £ the operation , as ' successful , i i ination do not always '' a eet ait doesh 's ke matter , we warit to try . / ec . the doctor '' point ata door , and turn to ' Paul . gynecologist please come this way . Mary give Paul a kiss , who head for the door in he wheelchair . 45 int . cubicle -- moment later 45 Paul wheel himself in . the doctor look at he seriously . gynecologist this be about have a child , Paul . and ... with you condition .. you know you probably will not ever meet he . paul life must go on , right ? the gynecologist sigh in disapproval . he open a drawer and pull out a plastic receptacle and a latex glove and give they to he . gynecologist you need to put this glove on to avoid contaminate the pauiple . make sure it all land in the receptacle . | versus from a cabinet , he pull out a playboy and give it to Paul . gynecologist ( cont ’d ) in case you need some inspiration . the doctor smile mischievously and walk out . Paul seem embarrassed by the situation . he unzip he pants and leaf through the magazine . 46 int . emergency room front desk hospital -- night 46 cristina walk into the hospital and hurry toward the front desk . she stand before the receptionist . cristina my husband and daughter be in a accident and I be tell to come here . receptionist __ whe woman type on the computer of she turn toward cristina she head toward a office with translucent glass wall . Pov cristina watch she call someone on the phone . cristina 's father ( 65 ) - tall , bearded , with gray hair anda withere face slightly resembling cristina 's - arrive with Claudia . cristina hug she father . father what happen ? cristina I do not know , they have not tell I . Claudia walk over to she and stroke she hair . claudia ' it 's go to be alright . the receptionist return . receptionist the head surgeon , Doctor Jones , will be with you in a moment . please wait for he in the wait room on the fourth floor . cristina grab she by the arm rather violently . cristina what happen to my family ? the woman look at she , frighten . she point at the wait room . receptionist please wait for doctor Jones . cristina try to say something else but she father pull she away by the elbow and take she to the wait room . a7 int . live room jack '’s house --~ night 47 the guest mill around the live room . the fat man , surround by a small group , tell a joke that Marianne listen to lean against the kitchen doorframe . : '' spat man 's . i? , do you ; jmnow what the most important i '' esti for safe sex '' be ? i! eat ) | | sever guest ! cackle . at the '' 56 e . '' mexdanne '' laugh : discreetly . the noise of a car be ' hear / land Marianne turn toward the kitchen . -- continous |! 48 ~ 48 int . '' kitchen jack trish peer out the window and see Jack 's Ford lobo pull up . trish speak of the devil . Marianne stand next to trish and also peer out . marianne let 's see what he come up with . she move away from the window , walk toward the stove , light one of the burner and put a fry pan om the fire . . marianne ( cont ‘d ) what 's he do ? trish I do not know , he 's just sit there . Marianne walk toward the door that lead outside . marianne oy ( to trish ) ly do not let the rice burn . 49 ext . driveway jack house -- continuous 49 the truck still have its headlight on . Marianne knock on the window . Jack lower it ; he look crush . marianne it 's ten o'clock . what be you go to make up now ? traffic ? or be you " preaching the Word " when the entire congregation have be here wait for you for the past two hour ? it 's you party , remember ? he keep he eye on the dashboard and do not answer . Marianne lean toward . he , irritate . marianne ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you ? have you be ( grinking ? Jack : man and two ' girl . '' martanne ( stunne ) you be lie , right ? jack I be speed home.to make it to dinner , and I turn too quickly and they be crossing the street and ... Jack choke up and cannot go on . she walk toward the hood ; it be dent and bloodstain . with she right index finger , Marianne touch the blood and lift it to she eye as if she want to make sure it be real . she feel it with she finger and , horrify , turn to look at Jack who can barely be see in the darkness . 50 int . paul " S car ~- night / dawn 50 Jack drive nervously . every time a trailer or truck drive by he , he jerk the steering wheel . cristina sit in the back seat . Paul 's head be on she lap ; he chest be cover in blood . she stroke he forehead repeatedly . 51 int . hospital room ~~ evening Paul be sit down , he torso bare , connect to several electrode . rothberg and dolore be in front of he . Mary hold he hand . rothberg deep breath ... Paul act accordingly . rothberg look at a monitor . rothberg ( cont 'd ) good . you be do very well . dolore walk over to he and start remove the electrode , while rothberg write something down in a notebook . oe : pod _rothberg , iz ' can 's & tell you , hospital } sg -régulation . just , like the donor 's ' family 's doesn 's x know you name : either . '' prul : '' tt need to . '' know , really . =... bison rothberg it 's not worth it . this be you heart now . that 's all that should matter to you . ok ? Mary turn to look at he . + mary see ? it 's better that you do not know . Paul turn to look at she harshly . 52 int . waiting room -- night : 52 cristina , she father and Claudia wait silently . Doctor molina ( 52 ) , still in he surgical gown , and doctor Jones ( 60 ) , who be wear a white gown , slack and a tie , walk up to they accompany by a nurse ( 34 ) . as soon as they arrive , cristina stand up . doctor jone Mrs. beck ? 32 . cristina ( anxious ) what happen to my family ? : wien a gesture from he hand , Dr. Jones ask they to sit . doctor jone you husband and daughter be hit by a car . we have to perform a emergency operation on you husband . he turn to the other doctor . doctor molina you husband suffer multiple skull fracture and we have to remove several blood clot in the brain . we be try to stabilize he now . sia deep '' '' breath ! 4 wear vo : 5 . ' oristina om mee " mhat ' about , ay gaughter ? ! ae 2 the doctor '' iok at each '' other . they be silent . Doctor Jones " | look at cristina in the eye . doctor jone you youngest daughter be bring in with a severe hemorrhage . if she would have arrive fifteen minute earlier .. just fifteen minute earlier we could have have a chance to .. Doctor Jones find it difficult to go on . cristina 's jaw start shaking slightly . Doctor Jones seem to gain strength . doctor jone ( cont 'd ) they both die in the accident . I be very sorry . cristina clenches she . tooth and suddenly crumble and start to ery , hold she face in she hand . cristina tt 's not true , no , no ... cy father do not know whether to hold she or look at she . cristina ( cont 'd ) no , no , no .. where be my daughter ? doctor jone . the body be be take care of . they will be take to .. the doctor 's speech seem out of place and he stop mid-sentence . cristina no , no , no .. doctor jone I be very sorry . ( to the father ) if you will excuse we , we have to get back to Mr. beck . the doctor get up and leave . they signal the nurse to stay . cristina can not stop cry . she hold on to she sister . 53 inp 's ' li VI ans room : oa k ' S. house -- night — 53 fos 's é - we want din ner .. trish look at they from the kitchen door and then look out again . 54 ext . jack house -- night 54 Marianne be stand in front of the truck , which still have its light on . trish look at they from the window and walk out . trish what happen ? Marianne stare at the moth flutter around the truck 's . headlight . marianne Jack run over a man and some girl . he think he kill they . trish oh God no . marianne tell John , make sure no one notice and get everyone to leave . then take the truck out back and do not let anybody see Jack . 55 int . cafeteria sport club -- afternoon 55 cristina limply float face up in the pool . Paul watch she from a window in the cafeteria while drink a glass of milk . 56 int . indoor pool -- continuous 56 cristina get out of the pool . she grab a towel and dry herself off . 57 int . cafeteria sport club -- continuous 57 Paul watch she closely . 58 int . caddy house golf club -- evening 58 Jack be stand in front of some locker ( dress as he be in sc.49 where he confess the accident to Marianne ) . he remove he clothe ad various object and puts_ they in bag . ‘va to Real . tr : can set '' you up .. jack | ' no thanks , man . 's I '1l ' figure it out / Jack close | he locker .. a walk over to . the other caddy . jack ( cont 'd ) thanks for everything . I will see you around . the caddy stand up . they knock fist . 59 ext . parking lot -- moment later 59 the sun start to set . several blackbird fly toward some tree . Jack head toward he truck . he open it and throw he bag inside . in the distance , Brown spot he and walk over . brown hey ... Jack turn to look at he suspiciously . brown ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? jack I come to get my thing . Jack move to get into he truck . Brown lean on the door . brown I do not fire you Jack . if it be up to I I never would have fire you ... Jack breathes in deeply and look at he suspiciously . jack you swear to God you have nothing to do with this ? . brown I do not believe in God ... jack you should ... Brown loosen he tie . Jack still look at he warily . _ brown if sack rie don 's t drink 's anymorg : brown lo i ' you should . come or ; jiist a ' couple | es ) ' on ue " of beer . it 's 's be a while since we - n44 . '' talk : a not Le ! Jack do not answer . brown ( cont 'd ) come on . I have be think of a job I can hook you up with . what do you say ? Jack think about it for a few second . jack ok , let 's go . 60 int . waiting room hospital -~ night ' 60 Doctor Jones walk into the wait room , alone . cristina be be consol , sit between she father and Claudia . doctor jone ma'am ... the three look up . the doctor sit on a chair in front of they . they look at he expectantly . doctor jone ( cont ’d ) ( extremely serious ) we do everything we possibly could to save you husband 's life but he brain die and ... o cristina close she eye in pain . doctor jone ( cont 'd ) - I be very sorry ... he breathes in . it look like he be about to say something but do not dare to . cristina can not stop cry . the doctor breathes in and seem to work up he courage . doctor jone ( cont 'd ) I would like to ask you something and I know this may seem out of place , but one of we _patient be gravely ill and we would - like to ask . you to for T " . @uthorizé the donation of you secs senna 4 husband " 's heart ... oa i { i i : wi bd father : ' what ? ; boa ! : poctok Jones ~~ roi ; ' the patient ( brgently 's néeéd ... foo ( interrupt angrily ) can not we discuss this some other time ? doctor jone I be afraid not . this be exactly " the time " when we can transplant the heart . cristina pull away from she father and look at the doctor furiously . cristina what the fuck be you talk about ? my husband be not even dead yet and you already want to gut he . doctor jone I do not have any other option .. if we do not do it now , the patient will die ... ( a beat ) please , mar 'am . { ' '' she hide she head in she father 's chest and he let the doctor know with a look that he will convince she . 37 . 61 int . paul 's room -- night 61 Paul and Mary sleep . suddenly a sharp , insistent noise be hear . she wake up , alarmed , and turn ' on the light . mary Paul , Paul ... the beeper ... Paul open he eye , sleepy , without understanding what be go on . Mary search . for the beeper desperately . she pick up some book , ruffle some shirt . she find it , press some button and read the screen . mary ( cont 'd ) let 's go ; they have get a heart . 62 . int . hallway , hospital -- night , 62 two male nurse wheel Paul down the hallway on a gurney . Mary walk vee 7 they neath the , or . i oben the '' for Mary to say gooabye . she lean | over ! '' to kiss , he . Thi y part and she try ito smile . the nurse . wheél Paul '' no '' and '' the door close behind ! they . Mary remain alone in the hallway . she turn around and leave . 63 int . waiting room hospital -- night 63 she. head toward the wait room . a few foot away from she , cristina walk by , devastate , hold she father 's arm with { Claudia next to she . Mary watch they walk past and go to sit on the same couch where cristina receive the news . 64 int . cafeteria sport club -- afternoon 64 cristina be sit at a table drink orange juice . Paul ‘( dress as he be in sc.55 when he see she get out of the pool ) walk over to she . paul hello . cristina , lose in think , turn to look at he . cristina ( surly ) hello . Paul point at she leave shoulder . 38 . paul do you shoulder hurt ? cristina why ? . : paul you stroke be too wide . if you tuck you arm in as you pull it back .. ( mimic . the motion ) you will glide better . cristina ( dryly ) thanks for the advice . Paul point at a chair . / paul '' May I sit '' gown ? / '' cristina oa ust jeave . a a waitress walk | ' over ! i and put : a séndwich a front of she . to pop , pauL | a jy . '' gust while you , finish ity . ok ? no . maybe next time . paul ( disappointed ) alright ... bye ... he turn to . leave , but return after only a few step . paul ( cont 'd ) do you know that eat alone can seriously damage you kidney ? cristina can not help smile . Paul bow he head to excuse himself and leave . 65 ext . STREET -- night Michael walk with he daughter ( dress as they be in sc.2 . ) he grab he cell phone and dial a number . michael hey honey , we be on we way home . if you need I to pick up anything on gy the way , give I a call on my ceil a phone . Laura spot a white cat a few yard away . LAURA daddy , daddy ... a kitty ... the two girl move close to it . michael { without put the cell phone down ) do not touch it .. Laura , leave it .. the cat scurries away and the girl turn to look at it . michael ( cont 'd ) ' ok honey , I will see you at home . he hang up . lucio wash a car with a couple of bucket . Michael and he daughter cross path with he . michael of 4 | t lucio . by the ’way , do not '' wash my cat .on ' Saturday . i / no six , I will not , Michael and_his : daughter . - dontinue on they way . Laura keep look ' at_lucio , who 's smile at she . we 66 int . hallway hospital --. night a door open . Paul walk out . he be dress in a hospital gown , drag a roll tripod from which hang the i.v. connect to he arm . he cross the empty , silent hallway . 67 int . nursing station -- continuous he arrive at a empty nursing station . he look both way . no one . he walk into the station and open a filing cabinet . he check it . he do not seem to find anything . he close it and open another drawer . as he be check , he hear a woman 's voice behind he . dolore ( 0.s. ) that be the record for child bear at the hospital in March . Paul turn around and bump into dolore , the nurse . dolore ( cont 'd ) and in the other drawer be the record for child bear in August . 66 67 40 . Paul remain motionless on realize he 's be catch . Paul walk 68 int . cristina 's 's room '' 4 nachr dolore ( cont 'd ) you want some advice ? ( pause ) do not look anymore . trust I , you ’11l save yourself a lot of trouble . paul and what if I be look for trouble ? dolore whoever look for the truth deserve the punishment for find it .. and you can be sure you will not get it from this hospital . ( a beat ) now go to bed ; you need the rest . ut. , of the . nnursing station slightly | jashame et cristina be alone in she room , la@rinkd g. x bottle of 's vi dka and a carton of orange | juice be on the , bureau . cristina look sad and drunk . | she grab | the , phone | and diat a ninbex = . fy _-cristina Lee tou ! hello , be Ana there ? male voice ( 0.s. ) hang on a sec ... 69 intercut int . bar -- continuous in a hip bar , to a woman . Ana ( 36 ) answer the phone . she be a athletic , the barman ( who answer the telephone ) barman Ana , Ana .. phone call ... call out well - build woman pack into a lycra outfit who look like she have be around . ana hello ... hello ... 70 intercut int . cristina's room -- continuous cristina hear Ana pick up the phone and , nervous , 71 int . live room , jack house -- night / hang up . . the live room look empty and filthy , with bottle and plastic cup strewn all over . trish pick up the mess . 68 69 70 71 41 . we can hear noise . trish go to look out the window and see John and Marianne arrive in the old pontiac . 72 ext . jack 's house -- night . 72 Marianne get out of the car . trish run up to she . trish what happen ? Marianne turn around to look at she , slightly daze . marianne do you get the people out ? trish yeah . I tell they you dad get sick and you and Jack go to see he . ~ ao 1 ' , ' where 's 8 . tack ? '' , | trish vin the kid 's room . Marianne walk ! toward 's the house . j 73 int. _ child 's s. room , ga KS '' house : ioe : . night fof 73 om / she open . the : door take , care to not make ! noise . ' the room be dimly light . Jack be sit between he child 's bed , watch they , taciturn . Marianne stand in front of he . feeling she presence , Jack lift he face and look she in the eye . jack do you go ? she nod , then bend down and kneel . jack ( cont ’d ) be they dead ? Marianne nod again . Jack have a pain expression on he face . he look at gina who sleep peacefully . jack ( cont ’d ) I be turn myself in tomorrow . marianne John say nobody see you , nobody . they do not know the license plate of or what car it be . some asshole ny even swear it be a cab . Jack lift Marianne off she knee and stand up . p| jack what would you do if this be we child ? tell I : what ? : CO ' Marianne stand up and face he . marianne they be not : it do not happen to we . jack ( raising he voice ) : no , it do not happen to we ; it happen to I , understand : I . I see that girl die and I run away ... the child stir in they bed from the voice . Jack 's leave the room . 74 int . _ pive room , jack 's S house -- continuous he walk tt¥ough the , liviiig room past ohn and trish ! 's awestruck stare sand into . he room follow by Marianne . 75 int. room ; jack 's 's house . '' 7 continuous marianne 's iwhat the fuck do you gain by . ' turn : yourself in ?/ ; bo , : '' " gack Los co it 's my duty . marianne you duty be here with we , with you family . jack my duty be to god . Jack dodge she , walk into the bathroom and lock the door . marianne Jack , please . she lean on the door , distress . 76 int . kitchen , cristina's house -- evening we see cristina stand in front of the oven . she put a cake in and adjust the temperature . she look happy , relaxed . katie ( o.s. ) do I put the chocolate chip in now mommy ? 5 / " sitting at the kitchen table , Laura and Katie ( dress as they be in sc.2 ) be make another cake . c '' 74 75 76 43 . the table be cover with spilt flour , eggshell . Laura whisk some egg in a bowl . cristina yes sweetie , and then stir . Katie empty a cup of chocolate chip into a larger bowl and then start mixing they in with a wooden spoon . Laura stop whisk . LAURA mommy , I be tired . cristina here , I 'il give you a hand . cristina sit down and the girl sit in he lap . between they they take the whisk and start mixing . '' what hme ' ts , daddy comi ig ? etn cristina ' cristina stir : with Laura while kat e ddccrate the cake . 17 int , dineng : room , be apartment -- " day bog 77 e a heart : shape ' cake be . at the center of ithe table .. the frosting be decorate with " welcome home " in red icing . a cake knife cut out a slice . the camera pull back and we see Paul sit at the head of the table and Mary cut the cake . several friend surround they arid some kid run around . Mary serve Paul a large slice . he fork a piece into he mouth . friend 1 do not the doctor say you be not suppose to pig out ? paul ( spray cake crumb ) I have get to make up for lose time . friend 2 lose time , not lose pound . we be go to have to take you back for liposuction . the guest laugh . Paul raise a glass of water . for 4 paul wy here 's to that who believe I be not go to die . everyone here , here . Paul hug Mary . paul cheer , on the first day of my new life . everyone cheer . they raise they glass and drink . once they have finish , Mary tap she glass with a knife . mary I also have a announcement to make . the rest of the guest grow quiet . a mother hold on to one of to prevent hii from vunning '' around ? y i yarta I ; , want : to tell you thats Paul and I ( be igo to be ! parent . fof Paul look at hee , stupefy ; the other , murmrise . a friend quickly congratulate , her. fof 2 wa oas pemale friend 1 ses '' you kept_ this real quietu .. : bevel mary well , we " be go to be parent , but we do not know when yet . I be go to have a operation and then we be go to try artificial insemination ... male friend 1 artificial insemination ? ( to Paul ) can not cope with the natural way anymore ? he stretch out he finger and slowly let it drop . his wife pull he arm . wife 78 int . funeral home -- day '' cristina be surround by she father , Claudia , she parent - ~in - j law , she aunt and friend . | | Alan .. Paul force a smile and turn to look at Mary , irritate . 78 45 . in the middle of the chapel be three coffin : a adult coffin and two small , white one for child . . father . you want I to bring you something to eat ? cristina I be not hungry . father you need to eat something . cristina shake she head . her father grab she by the hand . father ( cont ’d ) when you mother die , I think I be not go to make it . I feel the world be fall on I and that I '' be never go to get up '' but lite ~ if poe cristina : é you know what : I : think when my mother {/ die ? I could not inderstand how you 's / could laugh again ; '' how " you could | it sos , talk ‘to '' people : again , how you could . eo po '' play with we : and no , dad , .that 's a.! " lie : life do not go on . upset , she stand up to go sit somewhere else . 79 int . bowling alley -- day a private investigator ( 55 ) bald , with a spade beard - be stand before a bowl lane , ball in hand . he start off , slide and let the ball go . there be two pin at the end of the lane . he only knock down one of they . he turn around and smack he leave palm with he right fist . p.i. shit ! he go to sit down . on one of the chair be Paul . the p.i. grab a beer and drink . when he 's do he wipe he mouth off with the back of he hand . p.i. ( cont 'd ) when do you say you have surgery ? eo paul '' 3 May the second . the man that give I a he heart must have die that day or the day before . 79 46 . the p.i. put he finger over the air dryer . the ball pop out and he take it . he run up to the line and roll . he barely manage to knock down four pin . he put one hand to he forehead , annoyed . p.i. I be fuck jinxed . he grab he beer and stand in front . of paul. p.i. ( cont ’d ) it 's hard work , pal . Hospitals do not give up that kind of information ; they be scared shitless of lawsuit . he sip he beer and wipe off he moustache . _p.i. { cont ’d ) _ ' plus expénse , .but I guarantee _ result . I need . 2 grand a advance . that 's : a bit expensive , isn’ tate . 3 } sy Z ' pan : even find out '' what '' kind '' of i , . ° anderwear . the guy use . = i ~ ~~ paun I do not have any money on I , but I can send a check to you office . the p.i. smile and signal around he . p.d . the world be my office and this ... ( show he a cell phone ) be my secretary . deposit the money in this account tomorrow . he pull out a pen , write the account number on a piece of paper and give it to Paul , who read it and put it away . the p.i. drink from he beer . p.i. ( cont 'd ) hey , what do it feel like to have somebody else 's heart ? Paul think about the question . paul better than some people with they own brain . 47 . | the p.i. be amused by the answer . he tip he beer toward Paul . cx cheer . Paul answer the toast by bow he head slightly . pb.l. 80 ext . jack 's house -~- night Marianne be in front of the bloodstain Ford lobo . below she be a bucket full of water . she take out a wet rag and start scrubbing the blood forcefully . she clean and clean until she collapse , exhaust on the hood of the truck . 81 int . dine room paul ‘s apartment -- afternoon '' remnant of cake and dirty pet lie on the dining room table . Mary , dress ~ be itt ( at Paul 's 's welcome party , clean up while . es of '' - she’ ss * aon : '' nothing dat , eat . since Robert leave she . Mary stack up the dish , turn and see Paul stare at she . mary ( cont ’d ) what ? she look ok to you ? paul why do you tell everybody about we have kid ? Mary be surprised by the question . mary I want to share we plan with they . Paul stand up and walk toward she . paul you say it : '' we plan " . people have no reason to know about we private life . cy mary why the fuss ? they be we best | friend . 80 bl paul we have not even talk about it . Mary stop clean . mary oh , we have not ? I think this be more than settle . paul . ' thing change Mary . we have to think this over . mary I do not have anything to think over ... I have already make my decision ... { point at some glass ) would you help I with the glass ? she lift thé-stack of ' plate and take . they int6 '' the '' kitchen . Paul watch she walk in and then start pick up the : glass . 82 int. live : , room , ( cristina 's house . afternoon 82 in the live room lare cristina , claidid , she father and several other 's family member . 's you can almost breathe the silence . everyone talk 's in whisper . cristina as! sink i a sofa , dress in black . Claudia get . ‘up '' with : she .. glass and head toward the ' kitchen . cristina - follow she . '' - hae bancal 83 int . kitchen cristina's house -- afternoon 83 cristina walk into the kitchen . she grab a bottle of tequila from a table with soda , brandy and ice . she serve herself some in she glass and drink . Claudia walk in and stare at she . claudia take it easy . cristina , challenging , knock back the entire content of the glass and serve herself some more before Claudia 's disapprove stare . cristina I know what I be do : Claudia take two step toward she and look she in the eye . claudia cris , they call and say that the culprit turn himself in today . he call the police himself . his name be Jack Jordan . ( more ) 49 . claudia ( cont ’d ) ( pause ) . they say you need to go press charge . i’11 go with you if you . want . . cristina turn to look at she absently . cristina I be not go to do anything . claudia the guy be some ex - con who 's spend half he life in jail . be you go j to let someone like he walk the ! ' street ? cristina what do you want I to do ? ( a.béaty ~ '' — I menne cnn on tr can ! t deal . with this . fone oe i ff claudia | ( ( pain ) | | ' he run , over Michael cristina se stay out sf this . lk J plea : e ' stop. oe cristina drink , claudia stay out of this ? they be my family too , my niece , I have to identify the body , I be the one who see they dead . you have to do something . cristina what for ? nothing I can do be go \° to bring they back . she look downcast , in despair . she look at she sister and drink ; down all the tequila in she glass again . 84 int . restaurant -- day 84 it be a pretentious restaurant decorate in bad taste , where some middle class family eat . the p.i. be sit at a table . Paul find he just as he be about to bite into a sandwich . he stand up on see Paul and invite he to sit down . p.i. how're you do ? . paul well . 50 . want some ? @& he show he the sandwich and Paul shake he head . the p.i. grab , he briefcase and take out a folder . p.i. ( cont 'd ) the man who give you you heart be call Michael beck . he be 37 year old , a architect and marry . he take out some photocopy from the folder . p.i. ( cont ’d ) this be the transplant authorization sign by he wife , cristina Williams , and this be a copy of the medical report .. here 's the widow 's phone number and_ address in case - you ' be interest é ° pore p.r. . i tt wasia real tragedy . '' some '' ' guy call & . '' 2 '' Jack Jordan '' ranh over he ' and he two | . '' sll Little girls~on May the second at .. wi eight twenty p.m . he show Paul a newspaper cutout . the headline read : " madman run over family " . underneath be the photograph of one of the girl ' body cover by a white sheet . p.i. ( cont 'd ) this Jordan guy 's really something . he 's be in and out of the joint since he be 16 . the last time they lock he up be ' cause he let off a shot while he be mugging someone and he hit a pregnant woman walk by . God know how the woman survive , but he go fuck nut with guilt and punch he cell wall until he crack he wrist and hand . he get out just two year ago . Paul take the cutout and look at it . he pale and start . breathe with difficulty . the p.i. be frighten at see he like this . , — p.i. ( cont 'd ) ( be you alright ? sil . Paul bring he hand to he heart , press it as if he be try to calm something inside he . . p.i. ( cont 'd ) do you want some water ? Paul lift he hand up to signal he be better . 85 ext . basketball court school -- day 85 several boy and girl about Katie and Laura 's age be stand in line . they expression be serious and pain . some mother be in the back of court . in the middle be Claudia and cristina , both dress in black with sunglass . a picture of Katie and one of Laura sit on a desk at the front . a priest ( 50 ) - gray hair , glass , dress in a dark suit : vhard ! for we to aeye 89 why . my do t : ' two sweet giris ' have to leave so i ' soon ? we get angry at God , and with , 's ; good , reason . I be also angry at he 's for because , he snatch than away from : '' we like this 's . but we must trust that '' now they .are by he side , i.that God ... call they to fill they heart with the infinite love that only he can give ... Claudia cry quietly . so do some of the mother . cristina remain imperturbable . 86 ext . patio -- day 86 Claudia and cristina be in the middle of a patio . some mother walk over to offer they condolence . : mother 1 I be very sorry cristina . she hug she . another woman walk over and also hug she . mother 2 if you need anything , count on I . the child return to they classroom . cristina whisper in Claudia 's ear . cristina I will be right back . 87 int . bathroom school -~ moment later 87 cristina be stand in front of the mirror . she take she dark glass off and look at herself for a while . she open she purse , '' take out a small bag of cocaine , spoon some out with the top of a ballpoint pen and snort it . she look at herself in the mirror again . behind she be a five year - old girl watch she silently . cristina turn to look at she . they stare nat each other for a few second without say anything . a teacher wear a apron poke she head through the door . teacher ( to the girl ) hurry up Tracy , class have already start . the girl . gvab '' she reach 's '' hand and walk out - withou take she eve off cristina , 4 ' j i pp 88 ant . kitchen paul 's apartint 's 88 Paul walk into the kitchen and turh on the light ; " he walk toward the refrigerator , pull out a parton of milk : and pour some into a glass .. ; : Mary walk . in - and lean '' 4 mary you could come in and say hello . Paul turn to look at she . paul sorry , I think you be asleep . he walk over and kiss she on the cheek . she receive it coldly . mary it 's eleven o'clock at night , Paul . May I ask what you do today ? paul stuff , drive around ... mary . you have I worried . the doctor tell you to take it easy . I do not know if something have happen . paul I be fine , nothing happen . 53 . he take a sip of he milk and pull out , from he pocket , a newspaper cutout , fold in four part . he spread it out on the washbasin . paul ( cont ’d ) I know whose heart it be .. he be a architect ... Mary shake she head in disapproval . '' mary why do you find out ? what for ? paul he leave a widow .. mary what 's the point in get involved ? a '' paul iit . pi eam , of : iy / then which be ? some poe : '' a ( mary look for it with I . let 's look ahead together , not behind . they remain silent for a long while . mary ( cont 'd ) do not forget that we have a appointment with the gynecologist tomorrow at eleven ... she turn around and walk away . Paul watch she leave , drink he milk . 89 ext . bar -- night ' 89 Jack and Brown leave the bar . they stand on the sidewalk . Brown look slightly drunk ; Jack do not . brown dammit Jack , it 's you birthday and you do not even have one drink with I . you should never trust someone who do not drink . jack and you should never trust pussy who talk such barbiedoll bullshit . ( pause ) why do not you come to my place ? I be have a party . brown yeah , great party , I bet they be all as boring as you be . jack you would be surprised ... brown Nah , I will pass . Jack see the wristwatch on Brown 's arm and turn it toward he to see the time . ‘ok ? they say goodbye by ' nbcking fist . Jack walk quickly toward he truck . cece '' we of 90 ext . desert -- day 90 Paul quickly walk down a trail mechanically . he be carry a revolver in he hand ( the same one from sc.12 where he talk to cristina by the empty pool . ) . he stop at the edge of the road , tuck the revolver away in he waist and lean on a mesquite . he be pale and shaking . he breathes in and go on he way with difficulty . . 91 int . doctor office -- day . 91 Mary and Paul be sit before the gynecologist . Paul look completely recover . gynecologist ( to Mary ) could you have the surgery on Monday ? Mary turn to look at Paul , who nod . mary yes . paul what percentage chance do Mary have of get pregnant ? gynecologist I can not offer you a real number . there be some damage from the previous abortion . it be not treat properly and that ... paul what abortion ? Paul let go of Mary 's hand and turn to look at she , distress . Mary fire a look at the doctor . 92 int . office hallway -- day . 92 Paul be stand next to the elevator , furious . " down " but iding behind he . he press the a mar paul explain what ? 's iy ' w@-h - e+r -e in a-n e-x -p-l-a-n-a-t- i- | -n I hod ; paul ( face she ) why do you kick up such a fuss about artificial insemination , the picture of we friend ' baby everywhere , the toy , the kid ' room , the kid ' name ? why ? to flush they down the toilet ? ( a beat ) it 's be a long time since we have have anything to do with each other . mary oh yeah ? why do not you tell I that when you 's be sick ? huh ? or do you expect one of you girlfriend to come and take care of you ? paul you come back because you want to . do not blame it .on I now . ~ mary I come back to take care of you because I love you . 56 . paul or be it because you be feel lonely ? this seem to seriously humiliate Mary . tear well up in she and she drop she eye . paul ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . a empty elevator open but Paul do not walk in . the door close and they stand there . paul ( cont ’d ) Mary , we relationship could not go any further . this whole thing about the child , the insemination , they be just patch for something that 's already finish . mary '' id ' it ign : to finish if we '' give ita ? i | chance ; and have ! , this baby . , Paul look she , in the , eye . , pa : paul | ee fy / when 'we could have , you do not want at. let '' it . 9 . b : mary we be separate goddammit ! it 's different now . paul yes , it be different . precisely . a couple walk out of a doctor 's office , pass behind they , watch they argue and get into the elevator . mary you only know how to think about yourself . : paul yes . now more than ever . a elevator open . Mary walk in and he stay outside . 93 int . hallway cristina 's house ~-- afternoon 93 cristina be stand in front of the door to she daughter 's room ( same as sc. 41 ) . she be about to go in but cannot . she stand there hold on to the handle . she can not open the door . she lean on it and breathes deeply for a few second . she swallow and walk away . 57 . 94 int . prison hallway -- day 94 John walk down the hallway escort by two guard . a prisoner walk up to he and bow slightly . John grab | the prisoner by the shoulder . JOHN we have not speak in a while . see you tomorrow at eleven ? prisoner yes , reverend . John keep walk until he reach Jack 's cell . John walk in and find he lie on he bed , motionless , with he eye open stare at the roof . 95 int . jack 's cell ~- day . 95 on hearirig '' he . walk in , ' jaék , turn to 190 k at qo weakly , 's and sit on the , - éot . ~ i v4 be JOHN '' how be you ? |} ho : a ; Jack doesn 's t answer . John sit 's ' down next to _him . ; JOHN ( cont 'd ) . : " whey ' ret . mé you do not want the eat . Jack eix '' he eye on the. floor . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Jack , Jesus do not come to free we from pain . he come to give we the strength to bear it . jack Jesus want this pain for I . JOHN he have nothing to do with this , it be a accident . Jack lift he head and look John in the eye . jack no , this be not a accident : Jesus choose I for this ... John stand up and lean against the wall . JOHN ask for the mercy of Jesus Christ . C jack if it be a accident , why do I have to ask for he mercy ? ( a beat ) " I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy , and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion . " Roman 9:15 . JOHN do not be so prideful , that ' 's a sin ... Jack start orate uncontrollably . jack " the fearful , and unbely , and the abominable , and murderer , and whoremongers , and sorcerer , and ... JOHN . '' listen . ‘to tie Jack , listen to I ... ' cg gack , " idolater , andiall . : JOHN . : i Jesus come to save we , not to : damn 's '' '' jack '' shall have they part in ) the lake ~ which burneth with fire and brimstone " revelation 21:8 John point to Jack 's '' Jesus love you " tattoo on he forearm . JOHN jesus-love - you but he also know how to punish arrogant sinner like you . jack as many as I love I rebuke and chasten .. " revelation 3:19 they be silent for a few moment . ' jack : ( cont 'd ) Jesus betrayed I .. JOHN stop you stupid shit or you ' be go straight to hell . vy jack this be hell , right here ... JOHN you be damn you soul ; shut up now and ask Jesus Christ to forgive you . jack forgive I ? I do everything he ask I to do . I change , I give he my life and he betrayed I ... John look gravely offended . his eye light up and he can barely contain he rage . but Jack keep stare at John with even more fiery eye . jack ( cont 'd ) he put that truck in my hand to carry out he fuck will . he make I kill that girl and do not give I the strength to stay and save | " they . ao / John face he ' angry , lose ' control : on : ipo ' Don : t blaspheme iyou " ' bastard . Christ to " have nothing to do . with this , i ! if jack ~~ God even . know 's when a single hair move on . you head ... peel ( Jack point he index finger at John . ) and you teach I that . John be speechless . Jack sit back down on he bed and pay no further attention to John . : 96 ext . bar STREET -- night cristina 's car stop in front of a bar . a valet walk up to she , open she door and hand she a ticket . she head for the bar . Paul 's car also pull up in front of the bar . he get out and another valet hand he a ticket . 97 int . bar -- night it be the same bar from sc. 69 . it be crowded with 27 , 28 year - old . cristina dodge she way around they , make she way to bar and call the bartender . cristina absolut , straight up please . ( ihe bartender pour she a shot . she knock it down and gesture for he to serve she some more . the bartender oblige and fill the glass up . 96 97 60 . cristina ( cont ’d ) do you know where Ana be ? the bartender point at some table at the back of the room . bartender she 's over there . 98 .0.V. bar -- continuous | from the back of the bar , Paul watch cristina walk toward a table where Ana be sit with some other people . on notice she arrival , Ana stand up and hug cristina enthusiastically . they talk about something Paul can not hear . Ana grab cristina by the arm and impel she to follow she . 99 int . women 's bathroom bar -- continuous Ana and .c tina walk in . a> young woman be ' chec front of the-mirror . : and stare at she . defiantl hurry xp and , leave : : i t '' phe-young woman look at cristina . i i : : : ana : esate io¥isti , cristi , cri '' it canit / believe it . just like 's ola time , huh ? * ~ : iristina nod | with a emotionless smile . Ana lift herself up to sit beside the sink and put she bag next to she . ana ( cont 'd ) what happen to you ? do you finally end up marrying that hunk you bring that time ? . cristina yes . ana and so , be he a good lay ? cristina do not answer and just swallow . Ana look at she cheerfully . : ' ana ( cont 'd ) oh man , man .. how they make we suffer ... she smile and open she bag . ana ( cont 'd ) you come just at the right time ; I have get all sort of candy . 98 99 _ ee 61 . she pull out a assortment of drug from she bag and line they up on the counter . someone knock on the door . ana ( cont ’d ) it 's busy . they stop knock and Ana point at each bag . ana ( cont ’d ) angel dust , special k , the oldtime favorite cocaine and the ' newest of the new : R - 2 . she pull out a tiny Ziploc bag with several pill and get off the sink . ana ( cont ’d ) they be all the rage : two of this | will send you straight to heaven . cristina , sbk '' at the ' pill , : if cristina Tim pot into themical 1 ana , cama os a for be / cristi ; you be hot @ that 's ia be / } J you a cuddly , ' kitty tow ? '' take '' two now , on the '' house , and if you do not '' like ‘em , do not buy ‘em . ' ok ? boot cristina take two , look at Ana and grab another two . she swallow all four down with tap water . Ana raise she eyebrow . ana ( cont ’d ) that 's my girl . just take it easy on the booze , ok ? we do not want you stick in the other side of heaven . cristina look at she deprecatively . she grab the bag of coke , a fistful of pill and put they in she purse . 100 int . bathroom jail -- night . 100 the bathroom be decorate with chip green and white tile . there be a row of open shower . a fat prisoner with a eagle tattooe on he back bathes in a cloud of steam . Jack sit barefoot on a bench in front of the shower . he wear a. white sleeveless t-shirt and prison uniform pants . taciturn , he stare at the water run into the drain . the prisoner finish and start to dry himself . he look at Jack , cu wre be still motionless . prisoner hurry up : there 's role call at eight . 62 . Jack do not pay attention . the prisoner cover himself up with the towel and walk toward the dress room . Jack watch he leave . he stand up and pull the bench toward the shower . he stand on the bench , tie one of he shirt - sleeve to the | showerhead and the other to he neck . he sigh , kick the bench away and hang . his body be start to go limp when the showerhead suddenly break . Jack fall on he ass . upon hearing the noise , the other prisoner run into the bathroom . he find Jack sprawle out on the tile , get soak by the water flow out of the break showerhead , with he shirt - sleeve tie around he neck . when he see the fat prisoner look at he worriedly , Jack start laugh to himself . 101 101 cristina 's exit the bar’ '' with 'a ‘arink i high and very drunk . she stumble ove the valet and give she stand on the sidewalk , waitin for she car . pb al ! walk out and watch she from a few yard 's away . as BA valet arriveswith the car and open the door . ghe be , about to get in when the valet '' hold - she by the arm and point at she drink . valet ma'am , you can not take that glass ... cristina get out of my way ... valet you be in no condition to drive . cristina what the fuck do you care , asshole . cristina push he , get in and slam the door shut . she step on the accelerator and drive . the valet move out of the way to avoid be run over . cristina 's car go 20 yard before it ride up on the sidewalk . the valet and Paul run toward she . they find she lean on . the wheel , mutter curse . a valet put he hand through the open window and open the door . cristina turn to he , furious . cristina ( cont 'd ) get away from I you fuck ... the way . C ) paul I { to the valet ) ° Excuse I ... . { to cristina ) cristina , I can drive you home ... cristina look at he with glassy eye . cristina who the hell be you ? paul you friend from the sport club . several valet surround the car . '' cristina et pes '' tell this ? motherfucker fo. go away oe she throw a punch that the valet manage to dodge . Paul get in I Paul ask they , to leave with gesture rom he hand . , slowly , the valet move away : ! paul | you ean ! t drive , 1 énterrna Care ? '' what ey a patrol car cross the next block and he point at it . paul you be go to get | arrest . let I drive ... please . cristina see the patrol car pass and sigh . she look around she : there be curious onlooker and valet scrutinize she . she be too high and drunk to protest , and docilely slide over to the copilot seat . 102 int . cristina 's car -- moment later : 102 Paul drive . she sleep soundly beside he . they arrive at cristina 's house . Paul search the visor . for the garage door remote . he press it and the door open . he park the car . 103 int . car / garage ~~ continuous 103 Paul shut off the engine . cristina do not wake up . Paul push ( ..\ the copilot seat back and leave she half lie down . he take \ly off he olive green jacket , bundle it up and put it under she head as a pillow . o 64 . he look at she for a few second and softly caress she forehead . he then take the key out of the ignition and hide they under the rug . he press the garage door remote . 104 ext . garage -- continuous 104 the electric door start close . Paul run out . 105 int . room jail -- day 105 Marianne sit in a room with a table and three chair , light by a dusty , bare , 60 watt bulb . it be dark , cold and windowless . Jack walk in escort by two guard and sit down in front of she . the guard retire to the door . marianne how be you do ? Jack shrug '' he shouldey -' i aac . how be the kid ? i : marianne / poe i ghey will not stop | ask . about you. ( aibeat ) . 1 , tell they you wetit ora trip . . ack , — why do not you tell they ' the truth ? marianne what for ? jack lying be a sin , Marianne . they be quiet for a few second . Marianne , nervous , wet she lip before she go on . marianne I sell the truck to pay for the lawyer . jack I do not ask for a lawyer . Marianne exhales , exasperate . she open she purse , take out she child 's grade report and put they on the table . marianne the kid 's grade . gina do good , but freddy have 4 detention for misconduct . ( a beat ) the kid need you . I need you .. 65 . jack I can not leave here ... marianne . do you want you child to spend another five year without you ? be that what you want ? jack this be God 's will .. marianne four year ago you do not believe in anything , and now everything have to do with God . Jack fix he eye on she . she be not intimidate . marianne ( cont ! D ) et prefer '' you the way you werek ~~ before . | a 's jack nos chat who you . preter ? ' martann lo dat least that be 's you . '' now iv do not ; CO .' rave the .. slight fuck idea who _/ salle you be . ow . a Marianne get up and head toward the door . before she leave she turn around . . marianne ( cont 'd ) life have to go on , Jack , with or without God ... she cross between the two door guard . Jack rest he elbow on the table and rub he head . 106 ext . hallway highway motel -- day / dawn 106 cristina , dress in short and a black t-shirt , be lean on the hallway banister . in - the distance , we can see the light from the car drive down the highway . the sun be about to rise . she take long drink from a bottle of tequila . she pull out a plastic bag , open it : there be several R - 2 pill . she take four and wash they down with a drink . she turn around to go into the room . 107 int . bathroom highway motel -- continuous 107 qeviseina sit on the bed . she see Paul asleep and stroke he forehead tenderly . she take one last swill from the bottle of tequila . x ) she leave it on the nightstand , almost empty , lie down and close she eye . 108 ext . STREET -- day 108 a 93 malibu be park on a street in a work class neighborhood . Paul arrive in he car and park behind it . he step out of the car , and get into the malibu . 109 int . malibu -- day . 109 Inside the malibu be the p.i . . pi . hey . paul hey . do you get what ta ked fer ? in two . ' '' i jordan| life in : a cheap motel lose i : in the middle 's of nowhere . it look , j like ! one of he ! prisonfishy pal be from\there . the motél 's '' address and ~ phone number 's be on there . paul that be quick . pt . piece of cake , friend . just a matter of check the call . he show he a phone bill where a phone number be highlight in yellow . he take out some photograph of Jack 's police record and show they to he . p.i. ( cont ’d ) this be recent photo of Jordan from he last stay in jail . Paul look at they and put they away . . paul and what about the other thing ? the p.i. look at both side of the street . he open the glove compartment and pull out a red terrycloth that be wrap around something . he put it on the seat and spread it out . Inside be a .38 Smith and wesson ( the same from sc.12 where Paul show cristina the empty shell ) and eight golden bullet . p.t. clean gun , no record . Paul try to open the cylinder but cannot . the p.i. gesture for Paul to give he the gun . he skillfully open the cylinder and put the bullet in . he close the cylinder and leave the gun load . p.i. ( cont ’d ) to shoot you just have to cock it . he show he how to do it and then put the hammer back in place and hand Paul the load gun . . p.i. ( cont 'd ) there you go . be it to kill this guy ? '' i plt ! bo : : nre you ! eid he , say I sell it | pi ito you , : t ‘to the p.r/ he open it , Paul pull out ! a envelope and ! han éket : pocket . ; count . the money ? and put 7 in he '' a ptr. ( cont ’d ) ... J teal we be set then . Paul hide the gun in he clothes and get out of the car . 110 rehab CENTER -- day 110 cristina be in a rehabilitation session . the group listen to a skinny , unpleasant woman ( 48 ) who speak excitedly on the verge of cry . skinny woman they be terrible month . my husband do not even touch I . and I feel lonely and ugly and I be only happy when I be at party where I could drink and make joke and have fun ... cristina listen to she annoyed . she look uncomfortable . skinny woman ( cont 'd ) and I do not care if my husband get angry , because he have he thing and I have mine and then I meet .. } '' cristina stare absently to she right and leave and suddenly stand up . she walk toward the door and leave . ° 111 int . live room jack house ~- day 1i1 Marianne walk through the live room with the hamster cage . follow she in a tantrum be freddy and gina who look ill , sniffle and teary . freddy mommy , do not give he away ... marianne the hair be make you sister sick , can not you see ? freddy yeah , but do not give he away . gina . yeah mom , do not give he away . Marianne turfis to look xat gina in disbelief . she walk toward the back door that '' lead tothe patio , open it and - deave . childven 's follow she / ' closely : 112 exp , back . panzo tack 's 's house 112 Marianne take : the hamster outsid : freddy " ~ ie can shave he so he doesn 's t have '' hair . : Marianne turn to look at he , with the trace of a smile . marianne honey , no .. look .. I be go to buy you each a frog ... ok ? gina I be scared of frog ... marianne alright , a turtle ... freddy be still upset . freddy you do not want the hamster because daddy give it to we and you do not love daddy anymore . Marianne , worried , turn . to freddy . marianne that 's stupid . she throw the hamster cage and go inside . her child , awestruck , run after she . 113 int . vestibule sport club -- evening 213 it be raining torrentially in the street . cristina wear '' sweatpant , tennis shoe and carry a gym bag be stand near _./ the main entrance . she peer out every few moment into the street and only see total gridlock . she take out she cell phone and dial a number . * cristina ma’am , it 's be a hour since I call for a taxi ... yes .. 46 St. Vincent street please . she hang up , annoyed . paul ( 0.s. ) hello . cristina tur : confidently , she be try ‘to recognize he . helle . by s..around . ard '' see Paul who , '' ' smoking '' smile at she asit they . '' know ' each other . cristina - '' stare as if Paul point at ; the leaden sky . oo so on pate of noe oo ee I do not . no it ' S go to stop raining . {a beat ) ' do you have a car ? cristina no , but my taxi will be here in a minute . what she say seem absurd . no car be move in the insane gridlock and tremendous downpour . paul I can give you a ride if you want . cristina look at he , hesitant . she peer out at the street with the hope that she taxi will arrive . she only see car move exasperatingly slowly . cristina no thanks . she look out again . Paul stand next to she . paul I be the one who drive you car home last week . — ~ : 70 . : cristina be slightly stunne . she stare at he as if she be almost able to recognize he . cristina { slightly embarrassed ) I be sorry , I do not remember . paul I leave you my jacket ... cristina and Paul stare at each other until she lower she gaze . cristina I be really sorry . i’1l bring it tomorrow . paul really , I can give you a ride . cristina he look 114 int . they get ' hair and co the ashtray : car -- evening do paul a pol ' iwas a eagle scout , I be on the | jhonor roll in : secondary School and I / / win second place in '' a music gontest '' in highschool : I buy ‘my first | playboy . when - I be fifteen . I have smoke twenty joint , I have be in nine streetfight and only lose two . I use to believe in Santa Claus when I be a boy . I do not believe in he anymore but I still secretly hope that one day he will bring I present again . my name be Paul Rivers , I be a forty one year old University professor of advanced math with a guilty fascination for Britney Spears . I know that when you be a little girl they tell you not to speak to stranger , but now you know thing about I that most people do not . therefore , I be not a stranger anymore . so , do you want a ride home ? be half amused and half daze at Paul 's sudden speech . at she wait for a answer . 114 into the car , soak . cristina shake some water off she put she bag on the floor of the back seat . she look at it be full of cigarette butt . she open the window . Paul hold out he hand . o om 71 . paul let I introduce myself again : I be Paul Rivers . cristina shake he hand . '' cristina cristina beck . paul it 's a pleasure to meet you , ristina beck . Paul start the car . cristina begin to relax . 115 ext . highway motel -- evening 115 the truck that transport the processing plant worker pull over next to the motel . Jack hurdle over the back and land on the 116 Jack walk down the motel haitwal . suddenly a door 's open and Paul walk ' out of a xoom . they eet fage to lace 's they eye cross and Paul become : '' uneasy . 5 , ° i pod ~ jack ~ / ' even . Jack continue on he way and Paul watch he until he walk into he room five door down . 117 ext . cristina 's house -- evening 117 Paul park the car in front of cristina 's house . it be still slightly drizzle . nightfall be imminent . 118 int . paul 's car -- continuous 118 cristina : thanks . paul you be welcome . Paul grab a pen and paper from the glove compartment and write down a number . paul ( cont ’d ) this be my cell phone number , just in case . 72 . she put the piece of paper in she sweatpant . she grab she bag from the back seat and , as she be about to get out , Paul hold she by the elbow . paul ( cont 'd ) wanna have lunch with I tomorrow ? she look at Paul 's hand and he let go . cristina what for ?. the question take Paul by surprise , but he answer quickly . paul so you kidney will not hurt from eat alone . she smile : there be something about he , that disarm she . sit . '. paul ( cont 'd ) | " cscunne wee '' how about lawrence 's tomorrow at eof '' two ?! it 's nearby . : : : foo | cristina / ok , see you tomoxrow . cristina get - out and ' close the do6orv " . 2 : 119 int.. paul ”s car =-. moment later |. wee 119 Paul drive . he reach a stoplight . suddenly a sharp pain make he bring he hand to he heart . he breathes with difficulty . he barely open the car door in time to vomit . the light turn green . the car behind he honk they horn . Paul finish vomit . he close the door and put he hand on the steering wheel . the driver behind he be honk furiously . Paul put the car in gear and drive off . 120 ext . STREET ( cont . sc . 65 ) -- night . 120 Laura see a white cat a few foot away . ; LAURA ( q.s. ) daddy , daddy ... a kitty ... the two girl walk over to it . michael ( 0.s. ) do not touch it .. Laura , leave it .. '' ./ the cat walk past they and the girl turn to look at it . michael ( cont 'd ) ok honey , I x11 see you at home . he hang up . lucio . wash a car with a couple of bucket . Michael and he daughter bump into he . LUCIO good night Mr. beck . michael good night lucio.. and do not forget to wash my car on Saturday . LUCIO no sir , I will not forget ... Michael and he daughter continue on they way . Laura keep look at lucio , who smile at she . michael.- and '' the girls.waik '' away and lucio '' keep '' '' wash the car . suddenly a '' Silver Ford , obo . cross the street at -high - speed . lucio . ' igok at it and jgoe back to he work . squeale brake lana a strong blow a a ard . lucio taise he eye , stupefy . after a few 's second he irun toward : the sound , knock the backet ; over in the prs 121 ext , prison ' cage morning momen oe ! 121 = at the '' foot '' of '' the step 's Marianne . she wear jeans , sunglass and a comfortable blouse . Jack and John walk through the main gate . Jack look tired , dishevel , with he beard grow out . he stop to look at the world to which he return a free man . the sun blind he and he lift he hand to see better . Marianne spot Jack , take off she sunglass and walk up the stair toward he . Jack look at she briefly and walk by without pay attention to she . she close she eye , furious and humiliate . marianne ( mutter ) Son of a bitch . JOHN it will blow over , Marianne . | | Jack keep walk without slow down . John run , catch up to | he and stop he . ( jl JOHN ( cont 'd ) / where be you go ? Jack do not answer and keep go . John cut in again . 74 . JOHN ( cont ’d ) you child baked you a cake . they be wait for you . 122 ~ p.0.v. prison gate -- continuous 122 Marianne watch they talk from a distance , without hearing what they be say . John leave Jack and walk past she toward the car . JOHN I convinced he . he 's come with we . marianne he 's a fuck piece of shit .. John stop and then walk up to she . . , - JOHN of Jesus , wiil show he the way . to ... yi ? j marianne é ' Jesus ? : what the ! fuck 's do Jesus have ' to do with this ; John ? leave we alone é with , that . God damit é Marianne tum around ' ana head toward the. ear . 123 office -- afternoon / 123 int . doctor rothberg rothberg , worried , look at some echocardiographs . Paul watch he , expectant . paul be there something wrong ? rothberg ( serious ) you body 's rejecting the heart . that 's why you be head aches and you have be : vomit so much . paul but it 's be six month and I have feel more or less ok . rothberg sometimes it happen , sometimes it do not . every body react differently . Paul seem in disbelief ; he be noticeably upset . fo4 lj paul what if we change the medication ? 75 . rothberg I be go to be frank : the heart . you be carry will stop work CO soon . I need to keep you in the '' hospital until we find another heart . Paul be devastate by the news . he bring he hand to he forehead and rub it desperately . paul you want I to wait for another heart ? rothberg we do not have any other choice ... paul I can not wait for someone else to die while I be lock in a goddamn room again .. I can not ... fos '' rothberg : . you be ' dangerously close - ito : heart | failure .. Paul , you might die a lot / sooner : than you | think ; .two month at ' most ... | } pot Paul stand up ! and look he str '' in the eye . 's : ss Pan ft of ~ swear that you will tell I . the truth ::. : if I be intern again , be there a chance I will be save ? rothberg I can not guarantee it , but if you do not come back to the hospital you be condemn yourself to a terrible death : you heart will not work anymore and you will die asphyxiate . it 's a awful death Paul , you can not imagine it . at least here we can help you to ... paul ( interrupt brusquely ) to die better ? that 's what you will help I with ? no thanks doctor , I have rather die outside .. 124 int . john' car -- day 124 John drive , Jack sit next to he and in the back , Marianne stare out the window . they be silent , tense . nu jack how much do you pay the lawyer ? . jack ( cont 'd ) how much do the fuck monkey 1 he turn to Marianne wait for a answer . charge ? Marianne still do not answer . John break the silence . JOHN enough . jack how much be enough ? marianne ( annoyed ) enough so that you kid can remember you fuck face . ( pause ) '' and if . you keep ask stupid question I '' get of on the - mex corner . '' 4 Jack doesn 's t say | anything else , turn 's around . the three remain silent . i oboe dod fof / : 125 125 int . live | room , jack 's 's kous - freddy : cand . gina araw : on the’ stoor . they ‘hear a noise and the door open . both child raise . they head , Jack walk .. into the house and they storm down to see he . freddy hug Jack 's waist . Marianne and John stand to one side . both child daddy ... daddy ... Jack bend down to kiss they . freddy let go of he . freddy what do you bring we ? . - jack a kiss . freddy do you get I my hamster ? he bend down to kiss they again . gina show he the cake on the table . gina we make you a cake . ( _ jpreddy interrupt brusquely . freddy I put the icing on ... gina and I put the chocolate on ... freddy point at some drawing on the wall . freddy we also make you some drawing . jack thank you sweetheart . he start to choke up . gina - what 's the matter daddy ? jack nothing sweetie , nothing ... he stroke she head , tries~to smile and '' cannot '' we " turn '' around , look for Marianne and , hug , she . he bury he face - in cher 's shoulder 's . of : 126 Paul land cristina be sit in , ery ichic , modern restaurant with large open window and a terracé open to the Street . there be barely three occupy table - '' ee boy they table . be ' just at t restaurant and the terra 's ‘edge between ' the inner . rart of the with the open window . Paul drink red wine and cristina hold a glass of vodka with ice in she hand . she look slightly tipsy . on the table be plate with the remain of they dessert . cristina Advanced math ? that 's what you teach ? paul yep , that . cristina give she vodka a long drink . he watch she . cristina and what do you teach they ? paul that number be not cold , that number express life . that number sometimes be a order , sometimes a chaos . that there 's a hide number in every act of life , in every manifestation of the universe , that there 's a number scream to tell we something . that a number ... 78. Paul , who have be get increasingly excited with each word , suddenly stop and look at cristina . > paul ( cont ’d ) - be I boring you ? cristina no , not at all .. paul I - teach they that a number be always the door to a mystery bigger than we and that there 's no bigger mystery than two people meeting .. do you know who eugenio Montejo be ? cristina no , who be he ? '' apa a , a petro '' , a poet frot - Venezuela , my favorite , one . ' he have a poem that say : " the ) @arth furn ' to bring ’us closer , : turn ! on itself and in we until it . i - finally bring : together in this / ' aream . " i ' é he remain serious , meditative . he '' turn to '' look at she , eee paul ( cont 'd ) ... so many thing have to happen : for two people to meet . ( a beat ) that 's what mathematics be about . Paul pull out a cigarette and light it . almost immediately , a waiter walk over to they . waiter I be sorry , sir , but you can not smoke in this area . Paul point at the smoke go out open window . paul but the smoke go out the window . besides , there 's no one here . waiter I be sorry sir , you can only smoke on the terrace . paul {to cristina ) do you mind if we change table ? 79 cristina | no. they move to the adjoin table on the terrace open to the street , k l take they wine glass with they . the waiter interrupt again . ' waiter I '' sorry , but state law prohibit the consumption of alcoholic beverage on the terrace . Paul close he eye as if to say " you be not serious " . paul ( to cristina ) ! there be limit to the mystery that math can answer . he turn to the other table and drink he wine , turn around again and S race . cristina 's '' laugh , '' '' amiised 5 127 er restaurant = day '' . 127 fy '' , : , sof they head toward | " Paul ! 's car . 1en hé as ' about to open the door , cristina stop | for a moment . | for , po if . & 128 ext.. STREET -- moment ater oe a 128 they walk down the street . the day be overcast and cristina have she hand inside she coat . paul how many year have you be swim ? cristina . oh , for year . . paul do not it bore you ? cristina no . it 's what make I feel best . the day do not swim I feel lose and if I do not swim ... ( pause , think ) I think I would go crazy . she turn to look at he and smile sadly . Paul try to change the subject . paul do you compete ? . cristina yes , when I be sure I will win . both smile . they arrive at she house . paul ' Goodbye . : cristina thanks for lunch . they wave goodbye . cristina be about to 's walk in when she suddenly turn to Paul . cristina ( cont ’d ) do you want to come in and I x11 give you you jacket ? 129 int . otel room -- day / early morning 129 Paul , dre '' be sit tigen '' che bed waite : : no cristina sleep ( dress 's in black skort a 1 a t- shirt as in sc. 106 atnere she drink pequila ) . hel the alinost efpty bottle of ceduila on the eoncbebea . then : ‘he ook at ! cristina asleep again , 's grab the revolver , tuck it a ihis pant anc : 130 Paul 's car be park in the motel parking lot , face ' the room . watch from he car , Paul smoke with the door open and sweat profusely . in he lap be the .38 Smith and wesson . he open the cylinder , make sure the bullet be in place and close it again . he see Jack leave he room through the windshield and quickly tuck the gun into he waist . he let Jack walk a few step and get out of the car . 131 ext . desert road -- continuous 1321 Jack walk down the edge of the road . Paul follow he some ten yard behind . he suddenly quicken he pace , pull out the gun and aim it at Jack 's head . Jack turn around and be startle . ' paul walk . he point at a path into the desert . Jack stand still . Paul put the gun between Jack 's eye . paul ( cont ’d ) I say walk . he point at the path again . tt 81 . paul ( cont ’d ) and put you hand on you head . 132 ext . desert clearing -- continuous 132 they reach a isolate clear . Jack walk with he hand on he head . Paul , aim at Jack , signal a spot between two mesquite . both look very nervous . paul - stand over there . jack I do not have any money . paul shut the fuck up . Jack gulp . the sun shine out between the shrub . ! ( acbeat ) / , ~— get on you - ~ '' kné and take off you ~ " shoe . ened L Paul look as if he be about to shoot . the revolver shake in he hand . he sweat and be pale . jack do I get on my knee or do I take my shoe off ? paul take off you shoe . Jack take off one of he shoe and Paul signal for he to throw it to one side . Jack do , Paul grab the shoe and toss it away . Jack start take off the other shoe . paul . ( cont ’d ) not that one , leave it on .. get on you knee and put you hand on you head . Jack obey . paul ( cont 'd ) you should not have do it ! God dammit ! y-o - u s-h-o-u-1l-d-n-'t ... 82 . Jack look up ; Paul still point . jack done what ? paul do not look at I . he look tense , about to shoot . Jack lower he head . jack what do you want ? Paul do not answer . Jack raise he head and look he in the eye . Paul get even more nervous . _ paul Close you eye ... Close they goddammit ! a be sit on the b 2 aiess as in . sc. 121 whén he get out of jail . Marianne , before he , bend down and kiss he on the mouth . she move back and take off she blouse and brassiere . she have a small tattoo on she leave shoulder . she start to unbutton he shirt and to kiss he on the neck with certain anxiety . . marianne I miss you , I miss you so much ... she be increasingly arouse . Jack , after be distant , be turn on , take Marianne 's pants off and get naked . he turn Marianne face down and start fuck she roughly ' and with no amorous concession . she seem as if she be on the edge of enjoy or suffer . suddenly Jack : stop , hug she from behind and start cry . she turn to kiss he , but he will not stop cry . he hug she forcefully , as if here be go to break she , cry . 134 j% int . live room , cristina's house -- day ( '' Paul and cristina enter the live room . he walk in shyly . ae cristina do you want something to drink ? 133 134 83. paul no thanks . cristina well , at least have a glass of wine . paul I will have some coffee . cristina sugar ? paul yeah , two sugar . cristina walk out . Paul look around the live room . on a table he see a photograph of Michael and cristina hold they girl . he pick it up and look at it . he stare at Michael 's face . he sigh '' and put the-poi ait back . it - be obvious that look at it have 's upset . he . . 's een cnemnnnage ia coffee in one , mand and a glass ( of vodka ale and '' unsettle . she sét the cristina return : wi in the other . she find pau drink on the table . - po fio uo cristina : ' / be you. alright ? '' 7 7 " " ao : -. paul I get a little dizzy . cristina do you need anything ? Paul stand up . paul I be sorry , but I be not feel well . I have better leave . I need to lie down . cristina ( disconcert ) ok . cristina 's demeanor be surly again . Paul 's sudden departure seem to have ruin the atmosphere . 135 j.int . entrance , cristina 's house ~- continuous 135 they be stand in front of the door . paul can I see you again ? cristina ( aggressive ) what for ? Paul swallow nervously and look she in the eye . paul I like you a lot cristina . it 's be a long time since I like someone this much . cristina be disconcert . she lower she head , ashamed . cristina I be a marry woman . move awa : coodbye . Paul doesn 's t know what to sa disconcert . i . '' " woe bye . without shaking hand , they part with a soft nod of the head . Paul turn around and leave . 136 int . RELIGIOUS CENTER -- evening 136 the congregation be gather at a ceremony . among they be Jack and he family . JOHN Jesus be the light ... everyone Jesus be the light ... Jack barely mumble the phrase every now and then . some member burst again into spontaneous " amen " like in sc 15 . : memeber amen ... amen ... JOHN Jesus be hope ... co everyone Jesus be hope ... several member of the congregation turn to look at he and whisper to each other . he spot a few glance he way , among they the boy from sc.4 with whom he play jenga , who watch he somewhat mockingly . JOHN Jesus be the water that quench we thirst . i everyone i Jesus be the water that quench we thirst . memeber amen . .. amen ... JOHN Jesus be forgiveness . '' everyone co S '' vesus ; be * ' forgiveness . ' sone and try to pray unstccessfully . 137 doctor 's S office Le evening 137 Mary be sit before , the doctor " 's désk , who watch she ao reticently .. _/ gynecologist be you entirely sure ? Mary nod . gynecologist ( cont 'd ) and you husband agree ? Mary remain pensive and take some time to answer . mary yes . gynecologist we will operate this Thursday at seven a.m . remember not to eat the night before ... he start write out a prescription . gynecologist ( cont ’d ) wand take one of this every 12 hour until the surgery ... ( ite hand she the prescription . Mary take it and put it away in she purse mechanically . 86 . 138 int . room highway motel -- night 138 cristina sleep in a t-shirt and short . we hear someone cough and breath agitatedly . cristina wake up , sits.on the bed and realize the bathroom light be on . 139 int . bathroom , highway motel room -- continuous 139 she get up and go to the bathroom . she find Paul sit on the floor against the tiling on the wall , cough and breathe with difficulty . he look pale and limp . ' cristina squat next to he , worried . cristina what 's the matter ? Paul wet he dry lip . he have trouble talk . cristina wipe ; the bw at off he foréhe three 's cigarette butt ! in the ! toilet : '' pe crist ; / you be : smoking too / think it 's very good '' £ 6 : this have " nothing to do with smoking . cristina keep stroking he forehead , a little bit anxious . she grab one of he hand . cristina I be go to take you to a doctor ... she look very anguish and she lovingly kiss he forehead repeatedly . Paul hug she . '' paul no , it will pass ... they remain in each other 's arm on the bathroom floor . 140 int . jack house -- evening 140 Jack , Marianne and freddy watch television in the live room while gina make drawing on the coffee table . marianne ( to Jack ) Brown call to say he find you a job as a caddy at the WD club . 87 . | i i { jack I ‘il call he tomorrow . ) they go back to watch the t.v. show . gina finish she draw and show it to she father . gina look daddy , I draw a zoo . Jack look at it . the girl stand next to he . gina ( cont ’d ) this be the zebras and this be the lion . freddy how can you draw a zoo if you have never be to one ? . '' gina by see thei 's ‘on t.v. pot hab gy jack : ' hey ! / stop fight . '' {to gina ) ? ; t ss : very pretty . a gina go back to the ' table ito drawre > wt rs _ marianne the lawyer also call to remind you you have to go sign on Monday . Jack nod as he watch t.v. gina , without raise she eye from the sketchpad , ask she father . gina daddy , in school they say you kill two girl and they daddy . be that true ? both parent answer contrarily in unison . marianne no. jack . '' yes . they both look at each other for a few second . freddy stop watch television to look at they . jack ( cont 'd ) yes , it 's true . gina raise she head and look at Jack in the eye . 88. gina why do you kill they if you be not bad ? Jack be silent for a while . marianne it be a accident sweetie . Jack look .at she harshly . gina remain pensive for a few second and keep draw . without much fuss , Jack get up and go to he room . 141 int . room , paul 's apartment -- night 141 Paul and Mary sleep . we suddenly hear a noise . both wake up ina haze . Paul get up , turn on the light , rummages through he clothes and pull out a cellular phone . ~ '' hello 's : hello ; lk bf ly paul so cet ~ . ~ yes , ' who be . this ? noe ~ orr tina ( 0. s. y cristina . Paul , bewilder , leave the room . 142 int . live room , paul' apartment -- continuous 142 cristina ( 0.s. ) do I wake you ? paul no , it 's ok . Mary walk out , lean on a wall and listen to he . cristina ( 0.s. ) could you come to my house ? paul be something wrong ? cristina no , I just want you to come ... poy ( a beat ) nf if you can.. if you want to ... Paul look at a clock on the wall . it be 2:00 be . 89 . paul I all be right over . he hang up and hold the cell phone in he hand . he head toward the room . Mary follow . 143 int . room , paul 's apartment -- continuous . 143 Paul grab he clothes and start to get dress . mary it 's two in the morning , what , or who have you get into ? paul I will not be long . he finish get dress , grab a jacket and head toward the door . Mary . step in front of he . have mary '' where be you go ? 1 will not be yong . mary | : ) exactly where and with 's '' who be you ! go ? ~ Paul do not answer . one " five he . mary ( cont 'd ) I think you would change after the transplant . paul I think you have change if you get pregnant . but look : neither of we change ... I will be back later . Paul say no more , walk around Mary and leave . 144 int . jack room -- night : 144 Marianne sleep . Jack stand next to the bed dress in blue jeans and a leather jacket . he bend down and kiss Marianne on the forehead . she shift . Jack look at she for a few second , grab a small suitcase from near the door and leave . 145 int . live room , jack house ~~ continuous 145 _ / Jack put the suitcase on the floor and stare , in the dark , at the picture of he receive the key to he truck . C 90 . he turn around and walk toward the back door . he open it , walk out and come back in with a cage with a hamster in it . 146 int . child 's room , jack 's house -- continuous 146 Jack walk in the room and put the cage on the nightstand between the two bed . he walk toward gina 's bed and see she be uncover . he pulis the comforter over she and kiss she on the cheek . he then do the same with freddy . he kiss he and leave . 147 ext . jack 's house -- continuous 147 Jack walk out of the house carry the small suitcase . 148 ext . public service clinic -- night / dawn : 148 Jack hurriedly park in front of the " emergency " sign . he get out and open the back door . Paul be bleed on cristina 's 's lap . yy job gt jack ' please , help we . t young - ' doctor. foi ( frightened ) | / what happen ? | . jack he 's be shot in the chest ... young doctor how long have he be ... cristina , from inside the car , beg . cristina for fuck 's sake , he 's die .. the doctor look at Paul on the verge of death . young doctor I will go get a stretcher . he run inside the hospital . the night guard look into the car . cristina look at he and do not say anything . she stroke Paul 's head , who breathes in hoarse , deep gasp . suddenly , Jack turn to the night guard . jack I shot he . ~o the night guard draw he gun and point it at Jack . night guard turn around and put you hand behind you neck . Jack do so . the guard cuff he . cristina stare astonished at Jack . 149 ext . cristina 's house -- night 149 Paul ring the doorbell . cristina open , slightly drunk . Paul be 's take aback by see she like this . she be wear a lead blue dress , the same one as in sc . 1 . 150 int . entrance , cristina 's house -- continuous 150 Paul walk inside and close the door . they look at each other without speak for a moment . she look very anxious . at he again ..- '' cristina you know , you keep I think all day . I have not speak to anyone for month and I barely know you and I already need to talk to you ... ( a beat ) and there 's something the more I think about the less I understand : why the hell do you tell I you like I ? he move closer to she and stroke she hair . she move away . cristina ( cont 'd ) answer I , because I do not like you | say that at all . . . | cristina seem as if she be about to crack . her gesture be abrupt . she shift she gaze from one place to another . cristina ( cont 'd ) you can not just walk up to a woman cc. ; you barely know and tell she you 4 like she . y-o -u c- a - n - 't . you do not know what she 's go through , what she 's feel . 92 . cristina stop and close she eye . she mumble some unintelligible phrase . Paul move closer to stroke she hair again . she submit , open she eye and look at he directly . '' cristina ( cont ’d ) I be not marry , you know . I be not anything in this world . I be just not anything ... cristina can not hold on any longer and , break , hug he . Paul stroke she head try to calm she down . she raise she face slightly and move away from he . she look at he , raise she hand and start kissing he on the mouth . Paul do not know whether to answer the kiss or not , but go along anyway . they kiss with increase intensity . the kissing lead to stroking . without cease to kiss and touch each other , | they lean on the wall . cristina kiss : chim desp ately , slightly out of - control . paul move ' away from she / and grab she han cristina try fo kiss he but she stop | she . no t cristina , | something . cristina , stil agitate trom 's the excitement , try ito get near he , but payl-stop she again . lad ble paul ( cont ’d ) cristina , listen . cristina move back , ready to listen . paul ( cont 'd ) I have Michael 's heart . cristina look at he , stunne . paul ( cont 'd ) I have he heart transplant May the second at St. George 's Hospital ... cristina 's face start to harden . cristina ( in a low voice ) get out of my house . Paul try to grab she by the hand and she pull away . paul cristina ... I try to .. she look at he furiously . : 93 . cristina how dare you come here ... get out . '' '' Paul try to say something else , but cristina let fly a right *\ '' cross to he jaw that he cannot dodge . she try to hit he again , but he hold she hand . paul I be here for a reason ... can not you see ? cristina break loose violently . cristina why do not you tell I before ? God dammit , why ? Paul confront she . . ~ paul oo ee renee os ' cristina you . ' ee omen tome she push he , toward ' the door , cristina . ° get the fuck out ... '' you make I sick . / get out . : : . she keep push hin . '' pant ! rdiece he hand in surrender . he open the. door and leave ...’ vee _ cristina slam the door shut , lean on the wall and start to cry disconsolately . 151 int . local county precinct -- night . isi Jack be sit on a metal chair in a small precinct office . he be cuffed before the county sheriff ( 37 ) , and watch by two guard . sheriff at what time do the shoot take place ? jack around seven p.m . sheriff what be you relationship with Mr. Paul Rivers ? jack { I do not know he . he come to threaten : to kill I . a no sheriff and what do you do ? jfilthy . she open the door and get in . 94 . jack nothing . he leave . sheriff and then ? jack I go look for he . sheriff what for ? jack to kill he before he kill I . ~ sheriff and then you shot he ? jack the offi¢er stand up and qaic ly look . fat some papers : yo eg 4 . : : po sheriff you statement contradict the i statement make by . ms‘ cristina i Williams . Jack look at° he without say a word . 's 152 int . room , cristina 's house -- morning 152 cristina be wake up by the light come through the window . she be asleep with the same lead blue dress from sc. 150 where she throw Paul out . she sit up lazily on the bed and look at the clock : 7:02 a.m . she rub she forehead as if she be hang over . she stand up , go to the curtain to close they . she discover Paul 's car park in front of she house . 153 ext . cristina 's house -- moment later : 153 cristina walk out , barefoot . she be wear the lead blue dress . she look gaunt with swollen eye . she head toward Paul 's car , look through the window and find he sleep inside . she step back a few pace as if to leave , turn around and look in again . she knock on the window . Paul do not wake up . she insist . Paul rub he eye and unlock the door . he leok awful : tired and 95 . { 154 ( int . paul 's cristina be still angry , confuse , hurt . she ii quiet for a long time . S car -- continuous paul good morning . cristina why do you look for I ? paul because I need to . she turn and look at he harshly . be die when I get Michael 's hear he stop for a moment . from the dashboard , he grab a pack of cigarettes , take one out and light it . he open the window and cristina you do not know how much I fuck hate be iook for out of pity - cristina '' , cristina . very. sick . i.. he save my life . blow out the smoke into the cold morning air . paul ( cont 'd ) I look every way I could to find out who have give I he heart . I even hire a private investigator . and then I find out who it be and how he and you daughter have die . { a beat ) it 's painful for I to know how I get this heart . he be pensive again . cristina listen quietly . paul ( cont 'd ) I could not sleep , I could not stop think that I have to give something in exchange for he heart . I ring you doorbell several time , look for you . ( more ) 5 ioe '' paul oo cn ' no , that 's ss not ait . a poe i 154 for \._ / make love . she hold he tightly and start to cry . she cry and cry , shiver . 96 . paul ( cont ’d ) I want to help in some way , to thank you for what I have receive . but I do not find you . ( a beat ) the day I see you I be too attract to you . and now I can not be away from you anymore ... I really can not . ee look move . she look at the floor and then at he again . cristina you. scare I , you know that ? paul there 's nothing to be afraid of .. ( he point at he chest ) I have get . a. good heart . . . : ' he smile abseritly . they '' be ' silent for 's a long ' time . -- Paul ' take cristina 's leave hand and put iit on he ' chest . paul ( cont D ) bo | ( joke ) | 's / this heart never stop ' loving you . he smile again , now gadly . / i _-paul ( cont 'd ) . I be also very scared . cristina look at he , surprised : he be a man that say and do strange thing . she open she hand and feel he chest for a few moment and then rest she ear on it . she listen for a few moment and then start to cry softly . Paul hold she and delicately kiss she on the forehead . he then lower he head and kiss she on the mouth . 155 int . paul' apartment -- evening 155 Mary be sit alone in the live room , sad and pensive . she stand up and open a closet . she pull out the jar in which Paul 's heart float . she hold it up to the light . the heart bounce against the glass . 156 int . cristina's bedroom ~~ day 156 Paul and cristina be naked on the bed , kissing . on the chair be he leather jacket and on the floor be cristina 's lead blue dress ( the same from sc.1 ) . '' she look he in the eye and caress he face . they start to 97 . | Paul notice she be cry . he move away to watch she . he try | to say something but she pull he toward she and kiss he , : still cry , while they continue to make love . I 157 int . dine room jack 's house -~ evening '' 157 Marianne help she kid with they homework in the dining room . marianne ( to gina ) what 's five time seven ? gina start to count with she finger . marianne ( cont ’d ) think about it ; do not count with you finger . gina stop use she finger but it be obvious that she be look for something of count will _ . — nobody ; answer . x radio play tex : ex ' music be néard . 158 intercut int. lobby , highway motel : -~ ' conrinvous 158 Jack be on the phone at the ' motel 's ss chip reception desk . it be a simple lobby , with wear sofa and tacky imitation painting . a skinny woman ( 50 ) with dyed hair , listen to the radio sit on a bench on the other side of the counter . Jack listen to Marianne . marianne ( 0.s. ) hello ... hello ... jack Marianne .. marianne ( 0.s. ) Jack , where be you ? . jack I be where I have to be ... marianne ( 0.s. ) be you sure you be ok ? there be a long pause . Jack take a while in answer . jack I can not look my child in the eye , I can not look you in the eye . marianne ( 0.s. ) Jack , the kid love you , I love you . we will go to wherever you be ... jack '' | no . what happen have to happen and whatever happen have to happen . marianne ( 0.s. ) what ? jack God write against we and there 's nothing we can do to erase it . we can not escape he . we can not ... crying be hear on the other end of the phone . _ marianne ( 0.s. ) be you talk ' about poy mari / Jack , please . ! coe . Te 's in he . hand , not mine ... be ! Jack hang up the receiver on the old - fashioned cream - color phone and remain pensive , breathe agitatedly . 159 int . hallway , rural public service clinic -- night / dawn 159 cristina be sit in a row of orange plastic chair in a humble clinic with few people . a female doctor in a white gown walk up to she . doctor be you a relative of Paul Rivers 's ? cristina stand up . cristina ' how be he ? doctor he 's still in surgery . the bullet go in through the leave shoulder . without damaging any organ , but ( 4 consider he cardiac condition 4 he state be critical . we be do everything we can to save he life . ( more ) 99 . doctor ( cont ’d ) ( a beat ) right now we urgently need unit of B positive blood . cristina I be 0 positive . will that work ? 160 int . cubicle , rural public service clinic ~~ moment later 160 cristina be sit in a small cubicle with she leave arm stretch out toward a nurse , who prepare a needle . nurse have you ever have any infectious disease such as hepatitis or HIV ? cristina shake she head . she watch as the nurse tie a tournique to she arm . nurse ( cont # 6 ) rf bre you '' use any medication or be bo ? | there anything that would prevent : iyou from donate blood . co i ' i for ; i cristina take ! some time to answer . 's upon see this , '' the nurse stop , the procedure . and look she — in , the eye . - e cristina : wa no. tae a — nurse be you sure ? cristina yes . nurse open and close you fist several time . cristina do and the nurse stick the needle in she vein and she small jar start fill with blood . 161 int . cristina 's room ( beginning sc.1 ) -- day 161 Paul and cristina be lie in bed . they clothes be strewn about the room as in sc.1 . Paul wake up and look at cristina asleep next to he . he sit on the mattress and light a cigarette . on the nightstand beside he he see a book , a case for glass , and a male wristwatch . it be obvious this be Michael 's nightstand . he take the book ; it be " cruise paradise " by Sam shepard . he leaf through it and discover a Polaroid photograph of Michael and cristina hugging and smile . 100 . Paul study it and put it back between the page . he close the book , grab the case and take out the glass . he put they on , look through they and then put they back in they place . he open the nightstand drawer . Inside be a small plastic bag with cocaine and some R - 2 pill beside it . he moisten he finger , rub some coke on he gum and then put the bag back in the drawer . he turn to cristina and sadly look at she naked back . he run one of he finger down she back without cease to look at she . cristina shift position without waking up . Paul blow out smoke and bring he hand to he forehead , worried . 162 int . police station -- evening . 162 Jack be sit before a empty desk . the sheriff arrive , sit down and place some papers on the desk . _ q '' sheriff id you be free to ' leave of of 4 evidence . ' slack of i : pi ack t ' but ' I have confess . '' lo . sheriff . et you story .. do not check : ' out . it * - " contradict . - we investigation and Ms. cristina Williams 's statement . he hand he a document . sheriff ( cont ’d ) sign here . Jack take the paper and sign it . jack ana what if I really be guilty ? sheriff it will not be the first time it happen . you be free to go . 163 . int . dine room cristina 's house -- day 163 cristina , Claudia and they father eat . they look tense . father i : ( to cristina ) could you pass the mashed potato ? '' eristina pass they over . Claudia intercept the bowl . sm 101 . claudia ( to she father ) I will serve you some . Claudia look at she sister reproachfully and serve she father . father I go to the movie last week to watch " once upon a time in America " .. claudia how be it ? . father very good ; it 's a classic . it 's a good thing they re-release it . by the way , I see Liz at the movie . she say hi . 5 , '' 77 '' claudia _ which Liz ? '' , * rémember ? cristina , absent ' from the conversation , ' raise she , mey toward she father . pot : : fof lu .. '' cristina ( ) mee ( sarcastic ) . _ fecand — you friend ? I think she be a little more than a friend , be not she ? father ( upset ) she be just my friend . cristina it 's just that she sleep in you room so much , she and the .. what be the name of the other six " friend " that stay over with you ? claudia do not talk to my father like that . cristina I be just tell the truth . claudia it be not he fault that mom die and leave he alone . : father co Claudia , stay out of this . | 102 . cristina | be you try to say that what : happen to I be my fault ? o ) Claudia stare at she fixedly . claudia no , not yours . and not dad 's . but Jack Jordan , who 's guilty of everything , be go to walk tomorrow . and that do not seem to bother you . cristina I do not give a shit about he . claudia you would give a shit if you know what the son of a bitch do that _ night . - _ '' cristina : . ( pisturb ) . | bo : what be you talk , ab rat ? , claudin a : you 's d know what : I !m / falk about ig i you would at least read lucio 's a declaration , ; ; the kid that wash | : 's lae vyour car . , .. - the’ only witnéss to the : en tee '' accident . a lennwe ! father enough Claudia . cristina there be no witness . claudia oh no ? keep hide , cristina , keep get drunk and drugge until reality seep into you life like moisture and crack you into piece ... father stop it .. that 's enough ... cristina be stunne . Claudia look at she harshly , conscious of the fact that she just win a long await moral victory . 164 int . live room paul' apartment -- afternoon 164 Paul walk in the house . he be dress in the same clothes from sc. 150 when he go to see cristina . he see a suitcase in the , live room and several thing out of place . he hear noise in '' he room and he go to see . 165 int . paul 's room -- afternoon suitcase . she turn quickly to look at Paul and then go on pack . paul what be you do ? Paul stand at the door and find Mary pack clothes into another Mary do not answer , concentrate on she task . she finish fold a blouse and turn to look at he . mary you have be lose for too many day , do not you think ? you prick . Paul stare at the clothes on the bed as if he will find a answer there and turn to look at she . paul ' you think end weil 's mean disappear for a few day ? _ ! fa.beat ) ; | i L , you just wait ti1r you get " better a . to tell I , to. fuck off . | a a . nen ' paul Mary , this can not go on anymore . mary really ? Mary go to the closet and pull out a mound of clothes which she stuff into the suitcase unfold . mary ( cont ’d ) everything would have be different if we would have a baby . paul that 's not the problem . Mary turn to look at he challengingly . mary of course it be , but I be go to solve it my way . I will have surgery and I will be inseminated with you child , with or without you . n77 paul what for ? mary because I want to . paul Mary , I will not authorize it . mary oh no ? you already do . I have a sign copy of you authorization to use you semen . she close the suitcase and carry it toward the door . mary ( cont ’d ) would you excuse mé ? Paul will not let she past . she go to the door . : paul move , aside and she walk away . 166 ext , STREET -- '' afternoon , not i , 166 stina arrive . and stand .' ' next to he . lucio be . wash a car . cri he turn to greet she . LUCIO good afternoon . cristina do not answer he greeting . she stare at he fixedly . cristina lucio , do you see the accident where my family die ? LUCIO yes miss cristina . cristina why do not you tell I ? LUCIO I think you know . I tell the police everything I see . lucio , nervous , start to compulsively wipe one of the mirror . cristina what happen ? lucio gulp and start talk into the floor . 10 LUCIO they be about to cross the street and a truck ... lucio stop . he have trouble go on . LUCIO ( cont 'd ) the man hit they very hard and he get out to see what happen . Mr. Michael and Katie be still alive . I tell the man we should help they , but he just stand there without do anything and then he run to he truck and leave they in the street . it hurt cristina to hear this . she can barely breathe . LUCIO ( cont 'd ) I try re hore Katie , but she start ane find a phone and : I run and I cio : iran and I find : ia man sith | a cell i phone and I . | poy i( a! beat , he 's cahhni ot go fos on ) yr do what 1 ; could ; '' T swear , '' C ) his jaw 'shake 's cristina strétches out she hand , caress he lightly , turn around and leave hold in she tear . 167 ext . soda fountain -- evening cristina walk down the street where the soda fountain be ( the same as sc.2 where Michael and he daughter go for the last time ) . she stop in front of the entrance , cup she hand around she eye and peer in . 168 int . soda fountain -- continuous the place be half empty , with only a few client . it contrast with the clamor of the night of the accident . 169 ext . soda fountain -- continuous cristina , greatly distress , walk away from the door and loo into the street . she start walk . 170 ext . STREET corner ( accident ) -- continuous '' cristina arrive at the corner where she family be run over . ook both way , step off the sidewalk and crouch over the pavement . she touch it softly with she hand . she close she eye and put she chin on she chest . 5 . ks she 167 168 169 170 ee 106 . she stand up and open she eye . people walk around she : a man walk he dog , a grandmother walk hand in hand with she granddaughter , car pass . . 171 int . cristina 's room -- evening 171 cristina be in she room , sit on she bed . she grab she cell phone and press a button . her old message be hear . father ( 0.s. ) sweetie , I be just call to see if you want to have lunch next week ... call I ... she press a button and listen to the next message . michael ( 0.s. ) hey honey , we be on we way home . if you need I to pick up anything on _ the way , give I a call on my cell '' . ' phone . '' i daddy , : daddy ..! a kitty / do not touch it . ) Laura , leave it .. ok 's / / honey , '' I will see you at™home . ~ i om cristina breathes deeply , press a button and listen again . michael ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey honey , we be on we way home . if you need I to pick up anything on the way , give I a call on my ceil phone . LAURA ( 0.s. ) daddy , daddy .. a kitty ... michael ( 0.s. ) . do not touch . it .. Laura , leave it ... ok honey , I will see you at home . cristina lower she head , rest the cell phone on she thigh and start to cry quietly . 172 int . jack 's room , highway motel -- afternoon 172 Jack ( dress as he be in sc.132 when Paul shot at he ) be sit on he bed , alone , drunk and wretch . he drink from a bottle of cheap rum . ( '' several object surround he : photograph of he child , of Marianne , a small cross , a dirty glass . 107 . he put the bottle on a table and look at himself in the mirror . he look at the " Jesus love you " tattoo on he leave forearm . he examine it for a long time . . que take a knife , open it , breathes deeply and start to carve at the tattoo , try to remove it . he bleed profusely but do not stop until he forearm be in tatter . he throw the knife away and stretch out he leave arm , let the blood drip on the floor . 173 int . room , cristina 's house -~ day 's 173 Paul and cristina be lie naked on the bed . he be asleep . she , awake , ceaselessly look at the half - ~open closet where we can see Michael 's clothing : shirt , a blue jacket , a pair of shoe , a suede jacket . she look distress , but still kiss Paul tenderly on the cheek . 174 int . kitchen , crestina 's ' 8 house - apternoon - core een 174 Paul be ' wash he ! hand in the sink . : i ! 7 paul '' : do you ! want something | to : ' eat ? I can n '' {whip . up some pasta or a salad . cristina , doesh 's é answer . . pad 's dry he ' hand and : walk out of — ~ the kitchen . . 2 175 int . live room , cristina 's house -- continuous 175 he enter the live room and see cristina cut a line of cocaine on the coffee table . paul cristina , please , do not ... cristina ignore he and snort the cocaine . she start make another line when Paul walk up to she and softly grab she by the shoulder . paul ( cont 'd ) cristina , no .. cristina shrug she shoulder away from Paul 's hand . she bend over to snort again and Paul stop she . paul ( cont 'd ) you do not need this ... cristina ( how the fuck do you know what I need ? she snort the cocaine , close she eye , wait a moment , get up and leave . | 10 . | 176 int . rural clinic -- day 176 cristina be sit in the wait room . the nurse that draw blood in sc. 160 arrive to see she . nurse Excuse I , mar ’am , do you have a minute ? cristina , very tired , slowly assent . the nurse sit next to she . cristina be Paul out of surgery ? nurse . no , not yet ... ( a beat ) Ms. Williams , we be not able to use you blood for the transfusion . '' cristina oa " ee see " we founa high 's ese ét e1tegal ' substance in you blood ... i think p you ! be take very he @m cristina look at ner '' challengingly . '' cristina that 's my problem , be not it ? nurse in you state I suggest you stop use this substance . cristina what be you talk about ? nurse you be pregnant , do not you know ? cristina ( disturb ) be you sure ? 's nurse confirm by the lab . cristina put she hand on she brow . the nurse get up and look at she compassionately . nurse ( cont 'd ) you have to take care of yourself mar 'am . we will tell you as soon as mr . Rivers leave the o.r.. 109 . the nurse walk out . cristina stay , alone , disconsolate , stare at the floor . 177 int . kitchen , cristina 's house -- evening dusk . cristina be sit at the kitchen table , lean on she elbow , hide she face in she hand . : Paul walk in and sit down next to she . he watch she without say a word . he stretch out he hand and caress she temple . cristina move away from he caress , stare at a fix point and start to talk , almost whisper . cristina Katie could have live ... Paul do not seem to understand what she be talk about . . '' paul '' what aia you . say ? i cristina , . ' kati ! would be alive 's ' right now , but ‘he leave she there , '' lie ' in the / street . he leave : the hree of they : like , animal ... ao she start to 's ery softly . Paul try to console she iby stroking ~~“ she hair , . but - she ' move . away again . be we cristina ( cont 'd ) Katie would be right here , with I .. at least she would be here with I .. and that bastard leave and let she die in the street .. and I have not be able to go into they room . I just can not ... she collapse onto the table . Paul do not know what to do . cristina ( cont 'd ) I be in a prison and that son of a bitch be walk the street ... paul since when be he free ? 177 cristina do not answer . she put she hand on she brow and , without raise she head , start speak in a low voice . cristina I be go to kill he . a paul ( astonished ) what ? cristina raise she have and stare at he fixedly . cristina @ : _ I be go to kill Jack Jordan ... ( raising she voice ) I be go to kill that son of a bitch ... Paul grab she shoulder to calm she down . paul do not say that . slow down , down while you ... she shake he off and get up violently . cristina while I what ? huh ? while I just slow what ? Paul do not know what to say . cristina look at he furiously . cristina 's it easy ?? my husband and my girl : ' dead : and I be supp sed to _take it oo ? leasy ? ! loa i ( a beat ) / '' ee ~ boa oe eae '' this pain srépd you on you 's knee : I ~and never let you get up ... mever . ..w! where do I crawl to hide from this pain ? tell I where ? Paul try to hug she to calm she down , but she move away and point at he heart with she index finger . cristina ( cont ' D ) we have to kill he . you owe it to Michael . you have get he heart , you be in he house fuck he wife , sit in the same chair he sit in . you have to kill he too , you owe it to he . paul no cristina , not like this ... cristina then how ? how ? she rub she head with both she hand and cristina ( cont 's then look at he . D ) '' Katie die with red shoelace on . oe paul ( disconcert ) what ? cristina she hate red shoelace and she ask I to buy she some blue one and I never buy she the blue one and she be wear the red one when she be run over .. and she die look at she fuck red shoelace . she collapse and start cry desperately . cristina ( cont 'd ) we have to kill he , please , we have to . I can not be on my knee before this pain anymore ... Paul hold q '' ' , ' paul | 4 quietly ) ! | : al iene all tigh 178 178 from a wide shot 's we see Paul and jackin the’ desert clear from se. 132 . '' Jack be kneel . and '' Paul be aim at he thead . " paul you should not have do it ! God dammit ! y-o - u s-h-o-u-1-d-n-'t .. Jack look . up ; Paul still point . jack done what ? paul do not look at I . he look tense , about to shoot . Jack lower he head . jack what do you want ? Paul do not answer . Jack raise he head and look he in the eye . Paul get even more nervous . paul Close you eye ... Close they goddammit ! C '' Jack do not comply . Paul squat , grab some dirt and throw it _/ in he eye . Jack open and close they with difficulty . en ( 112 . paul ( cont 'd ) I say close they . Paul stretch the gun toward Jack , who lower he head slightly , resign himself to death . Paul shoot the three shot to one side . Jack remain shaking , scared , breathe quickly . paul ( cont ’d ) murderer , you leave two girl lie in the street ... you let they die like dog .. I should have kill you ... Paul look nervous , high strung , terribly frighten . paul ( cont ’d ) leave now ; do not even pick up you thing from the motel . same cma ote no eo ontack wo be en | I do not ? be you . go to : i soi oi | paul : : ' no , someone elsé will . tf he will not , * ' there will be other . leave , now . i g boa eof lo jo ? poe foe he lower the gun , turn around and walk away , leave Jack kneel .. in the desert ; who - start to cry . lena 179 ext . desert ( cont . sc. 90 ) ~~ later 179 Paul walk , gun in hand . he do not look well . he stop and bring he hand to he heart . he wince in pain . he try to walk a few more step and stop again . he have trouble breathe . he try to go on and can not . he suddenly start to vomit , retching violently . 180 int . hospital room ~~ day 180 Mary be sit alone and glum on a bed in the room , dress in a white surgical gown . two nurse walk in push a gurney . nurse 1 ready ? Mary nod . nurse 2 point at the gurney . nurse 2 lie down please . Mary get up and walk over to the gurney . mary ! how long do you think the operation ! will last ? | nurse 2 about three hour ... ( a beat ) who will be go with you ? Mary sigh and take a while to answer . mary nobody ; I come alone . the nurse look at she . with a gesture from she hand 's she tell | Mary to get on the gurney . Mary gets.on and lie down . the nurse open the door and wheel she out . 181 int . waiting room , - rural clinic -- evening | 181 dusk . a for farmer be '' in ' the wait ' room . cristina - stand ; look , fat the desert / {through 'a wind for Jack , with hi orearin bandage , enter ' the wait xoom and , hesitant , walk over to cristina , who will not stop , look out the window . he stand * next to she 's without speak - they be silent for a \while . pot y ! she turn to look at he without speak . jack ( cont 'd ) please forgive I .. she look at he for a few more second and then look back out at the desert . Jack take half a step forward . jack ( cont 'd ) there have not be one night , not one , I have be able to sleep through - not one minute I do not think about they . his voice break up . cristina turn to look at he full of resentment and rage . cristina you let they die lie in the street . you do not do anything to help they . jack ( ' there be nothing I could do and I / be scared , very scared . Jack be desperate , on the verge of cry . jack ( cont ’d ) forgive I , please . if I could I would exchange my life for theirs ... cristina start cry quietly . cristina you life be useless to I .. it 's just useless ... ( a beat ) take you life somewhere else , if its of any use to you . jack please forgive I .. I do not know what else to do . cristina turn to look at he . es ristina for i  . you forgiv yourself ... I have get nothing : '' to do with you , I do not ever want to i : bee you again . : Jack want to say gométhing else , but she ' turn around and leave he alone before 's ithe farmer " furtive glance . : -- day , 182 182 ind , highway motel bathroom ( sc.6 cont ) cristina , '' areséea in '' pladke short and aitishirt , isiin the bathroom . she open a backpack and take out a small baggie fill with cocaine . she scoops some out with a bottlecap and snort it . she sit on the toilet cover , swallow and bring she hand to she head . she sigh , stand up and leave the bathroom . 183 ext . motel -- continuous 183 cristina walk down the hallway look for Paul . she spot he far away , sit on the old plastic chair in front of the motel 's empty pool . Far away we hear the coo of a mourn dove . she walk over to Paul and stand before he . he lift he hand to shield he brow from the sun vibrate behind she . cristina ' where be you ? Paul do not answer . he pull out a revolver from he waist , open the cylinder and empty out three shell . he put they on the glass top of a white iron table . mesmerized , cristina examine one of they . cristina ( cont 'd ) do you kill he ? no 115 . Paul nod . cristina grow pale and run she leave hand through she hair . they be silent . cristina ( cont ’d ) why do not you wake I up ? Paul do not answer . he just look out into the horizon . cristina ( cont ’d ) what about the body ? paul i no one will ever find it .. cristina I want to see he dead .. I want to see he fuck dead face ... cristina 's shake . Paul get up and walk away without say . eft '' atone next tothe emp 5 on the '' - moment later ) 184 Paul walk into the room and . sit or the bed . he logk 's pale and have trouble breathe . i : he grab . a pack of cigarettes and '' také '' .one™out . he light it and start '.smok anxiously ... he start to cough . he elose he eye and take . a drag from the cigarette again . hovel cristina walk in and sit down next to he and hug he . cristina I be sorry ... I be sorry ... I love you ... she kiss he on the mouth . cristina ( cont 'd ) let 's go home ... let 's get out of here . Paul shake he head . paul no. I do not feel well ... he cough and lie on the bed . she caress he , worried . 185 int . motel room -- night / dawn 185 Paul sleep . cristina , awake , stare at the ceiling . she look restless . someone knock . cristina be startle . she wake Paul by touch he shoulder . cristina ( whisper ) there 's somebody outside . 116 . Paul wake up . another knock . he signal for she to be quiet . breathe with difficulty , he grab the revolver and cautiously can toward the window . he look out : nobody . he open the door and look to one side : nobody . when he be about to look the other way someone push he in . the shove make he stumble and he bump into a table . Jack burst into the room . ( he be dress as he be in sc.172 where he cut he forearm , which be still bleed . ) jack ( challenging ) you want to kill I motherfucker ? cristina turn on the light . jack ( cont 'd ) ( scream at Paul ) no one ' threaten I , bitch : : poe een gack ( cont ' D ) ! of / pussy ... come ’on , ' shoot I ... for ' shoot he , sack ( cont ' >) cristina start scream at Paul . cristina why do not you kill he ? why ? Paul turn to look at cristina , but Jack push he . cristina ( cont 'd ) you do not kill he , you bastard ... jack kill I asshole ... cristina kill he ... kill he . jack you do not have the ball , motherfucker . cristina shoot he ... oo jack slap the gun out of Paul 's hand and headbutt he in the face , knock he to the floor . Jack turn to cristina . cristina ( cont 'd ) you kill my family , murderer ... jack here I be .. he lift up he arm defiantly . cristina grab the bedside lamp '' and throw it at he . Jack open he arm and receive the blow , unfaze . cristina grow furious and grab the poker from the run-down fake chimney and start beat he furiously . Jack withstand the first blow , but the second blow to he head make he stagger . Paul try to get up but cannot . he start . yell at cristina ! | ° , cristina , not , you be iv he . " | : cri srzit '' | Son of ! La bitch , | son of ' pitch ... fy = ee stop , stope . '' Le cua ! Paul , increasingly pale and weak , start to breathe with great difficulty as he watch how cristina furiously beat Jack , who fall on he knee . paul ( cont 'd ) no , cristina , no .. cristina seem ready to strike a mortal blow to he head . Paul gasp for air : he asphyxiate . his face show great pain . he look as if he be about to faint , to die . | he try to yell at cristina , but no longer have the strength . i lying on the floor he see how she grip the poker to kill Jack . he grab the gun , bring it to he chest with difficulty and shoot . he fall back from the impact , which enter above he heart and blast out he shoulder . cristina stop she attack and stare , stupefy , at Paul lie on the floor . sudden silence . she drop the poker and run to he . . she bend down and try to rouse he . j oe , Jack sit up and stare at the scene , awestruck . cristina turn to he as in sc.20 . cristina - ( to Jack ) es call a ambulance . Jack remain motionless , stunne . cristina ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) call a ambulance , goddamit . Jack be motionless for a few more second . he go toward Paul , bend down and look at he . jack there 's not enough time , we have take he to the hospital . 186 int . car ( cont . sc . 50 ) -- night / dawn 186 Paul 's lie cristina 's ' 8 lap with open jy . the '' ¢ar drive at full speed : is\chest be totally bloodstain . all - noise be far away , wthe voice be distant . bverythini lose focus . '' . '' fade out ; : oi { i ly 187 inp . i.c. public service @binre -- day po 187 again , Paul be in the ' intensive care unit fom sc. , 5 surrounded by the same die : patient . we i , paul ( v.0 . ) " how many life do we live ? how many time do we get to die ? he look around . he look at the cancerous woman and the bandage man stare at he , frighten . paul ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) we all lose 21 gram when we die ... 188 int . soda fountain ( the same from sc.2 ) -- night 188 Michael be stand in front of the register , pay . Katie be next to he , hold he hand , while Laura walk toward the door . michael Laura , stay inside sweetie ... the girl smile at she father and walk back to he . paul ( v.o. ) how much fit into 21 gram ..? Jack say goodbye to Brown in front of the same bar . he unlock the silver Ford lobo with the remote control , open the door and get in . 189 ext . bar ( same from sc.89 ) -- night | : 190 int . silver ford lobo -- continuous | Jack close the door , start the engine and drive off . paul ( v.0o . ) how much be lose ..? 191 int . indoor pool ( the same from sc.14 ) -- night cristina wrap herself in a towel and grab she gym bag .. cristina ( to Claudia ) when she’ be about co yeave , \claudia , to she : ° p| paul ( vio ! ) | | when do we lose / 21 gram ?. claudia ~ cristina ... cristina turn around . claudia ( cont 'd ) nothing , forget it .. cristina smile . her sister blow she a kiss and go on she way . paul ( v.o. ) how much go with that 21 gram ...? 192 ext . jack house -- night Jack , bearded , dirty , dress in a t-shirt and jeans arrive at the door to he house . he put he hand under the rug , pull out a key and open the door . he walk in . 193 . int . room jack house -- continuous Jack walk in and stand under the doorframe . Marianne be read . she raise she eye and see he look at she . they both look at each other . / paul ( v.0 . ) ( 4 how much be gain ? 189 190 191 192 193 / '' '' ~~ long while . 194 int . insemination room -- day 1g4 Mary be on a bed with she leg in the stirrup . the gynecologist | take a inseminator , remove some semen from the jar from sc.45 and be about to put it into Mary 's vagina . 195 int . hallway cristina 's house ~- afternoon 195 cristina be stand in front of the close door to she daughter 's room . she be slightly pregnant . she open the door and walk in . 196 int . cristina 's house , daughter's room ~~ afternoon 196 the girl 's room be arrange the way it be the day they die . several doll be lean on the pillow . cristina go to sit on the edge of one of the bed , in 'a place . similar to the one Jack sit on in he kid 's room the day he kill the girl wad fy paul ( v.0 how jmach be gain ? 197 int . r.c. u public service | ' clinic -- day for : 197 Paul lock at a clock ' on the walt : ' twelve thirty six . he then look at '' the. unconscious , young woman , : : ~ paut , ( v.9 . ) 21 gram ... the weight of a stack of five nickel , the weight of a hummingbird , a chocolate bar ... { a beat ) how much do 21 gram weigh ?.. he smile slightly and close he eye . a alarm go off . nurse hurry toward he . 198 ext . desert highway -- day 198 the sound of the alarm join onto a empty highway in the desert . the sun beat down . Jack walk down the highway ( dress as he be in sc. 181 when he apologize to cristina , and with he arm bandage ) . no car pass . in the distance , he see some vulture eat some roadkill on the pavement . he draw near and see that they be devour a dead jackrabbit . he scare the vulture away and squat to look at it . - he put he hand on its chest , stroke it and gaze at it fora 121 . Jack grab the jackrabbit by one of its leg and pull it to the edge of the road . he leave the jackrabbit on the side of the ews without cease to look at it . " he suddenly hear a noise from the chaparral . he turn around and see a coyote . they eye meet for a few second until the coyote trot away . Jack watch it get lose amid the brush . fade out the end Mexico City , January 13 , 2000 - June 10 , 2002