22 jump STREET by oren uziel 4/23/13 over black smooth male voice ( v.o. ) previously , on 21 jump Street ... long-haire jenko watch slim - Shady schmidt get reject in the high school hallway . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) we meet two young man who could not have be more different . jenko ( to Schmidt ) you be a fuck nerd . jenko sit with the principal as she hold up a fail test . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) the other a dumb jock . jenko see Schmidt at the police academy . jenko not-so-slim Shady ? smooth male voice ( v.o. ) but what keep they apart in high school would soon bring they together . jenko slam Schmidt to he back on the mat . schmidt you be good at this , huh ? jenko yeah , I be . jenko fail he test and Schmidt get a A. jenko ( cont 'd ) you be really good at this ? schmidt yeah , I be . jenko hey , you wanna be friend ? smooth male voice ( v.o. ) and against all odd they forge a friendship . a * * 4/20/13 2. they train and become friend and graduate the academy . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) and be send back to high school as undercover cop . dickson teenage the fuck up ! they walk across they new high school parking lot . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) wait , they be not suppose to look like believable high school student be they ? they look forty . jenko sit next to dax in ap chemistry . dax you look really old . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) exactly ! God , who write this shit ? Schmidt and jenko approach eric . eric you guy be not narc be you ? smooth male voice ( v.o. ) of course they be fuck narc . Schmidt and jenko take the drug , jenko dive through the go , Schmidt hold the racing baton as a penis . eric I can not sell all this shit on my own , but I only bring in people I like . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) and narc . like this idiot could get into Berkeley . my daughter get a 1480 on she S , a , T 's and get wait-list . Schmidt and jenko have a car chase with the one-percenter . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) anyway , there 's a car chase , some explosion . they chase Leonardo dicaprio and Brad Pitt in a water park . +e hf * * % + eh +e * hf * % 4/20/13 smooth male voice ( v.o. ) I have no idea what this part 's about . schmidt what 's happen ? who be we chase ? jenko I do not know . this feel weird . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) then we get a textbook end of second act disagreement . Schmidt and jenko fight on stage . jenko you think I be stupid you be stupid ! schmidt worst best friend ever ! smooth male voice ( v.o. ) which get resolve in about five second . Schmidt and jenko get dress in they tuxedoe . schmidt will you go to prom with I ? smooth male voice ( v.o. ) yada , yada , yada , more explosion . the limo explode , jenko take a bullet for Schmidt . schmidt you take a bullet for I . jenko you be a goddamn rock star . smooth male voice ( v.o. ) and they get a new assignment . we see dickson proudly tell they . dickson you two son of bitch be go to college ! schmidt yes ! 4/20/13 4. jenko no ! smooth male voice ( v.o. ) ( get serious ) only one question remain , will they difference bring they to new height ... or tear they apart ? CUT to black : smooth male voice ( v.o. ) that and who give a shit ? I guess that 's two question . I can not believe this be what I do for a live . I go to julliard . unfuckingreal . I need a drink ... int . college classroom - day a professor stand at a lectern in front of the yin and Yang . professor in chinese philosophy , the yin and Yang demonstrate how seemingly opposite force be actually complementary , interact to form a whole great than either separate part . we slowly pull back from the lectern and into ... int . fancy jump STREET headquarters - day the professor talk on the screen of a laptop , the crest of the University of Phoenix Online post above he head . Schmidt and jenko sit at ergonomic fancy desk , watch the lecture on high end laptop . schmidt listen for code message in on - line lecture be not what I have in mind when dickson say we be go to college . jenko at least we be not back in high school . ee +h hk 4/20/13 5. schmidt we should be in a quad right now play ultimate frisbee with bi - curious virgin . eighteen year old girl literally go to college to learn how to give blowjob . it 's like a elective . professor ( on the computer ) at the intersection of the sturdy oak and the pliant Willow lie opportunity . jenko and Schmidt perk up at the code message . jenko scan Google map and find the intersection of Willow and oak St . jenko get the location . let 's go . ext . parking lot - day Schmidt and jenko walk across the lot . jenko how come you never go to college ? be not you the valedelorean or something ? schmidt money . my parent blow my tuition on a time - share in Haiti . what about you ? I think you have a football scholarship ? jenko they take it away because my act score be not good enough . whatever , college be stupid . schmidt be you nut ? College be where you try new thing without be judge and make huge mistake with no repercussion . it 's the four year in between the Abu ghraib of high school and the Guantanamo Bay of the rest of you life . int . unmarked sedan - day jenko drive . 4/20/13 6. schmidt not go to college be pretty much * my biggest regret . jenko forget college . we be exactly the * shit-kick badass we want to be when we graduate the academy . what else do we need ? schmidt I do not know . I just always think thing could be bigger somehow . Schmidt put hardcore rap on the radio . jenko ( be : the music ) nuh uh , no way . schmidt you drive , my choice . jenko no , I drive , my choice . I be tired of people think I be a wafrican american . jenko flip the radio to club-style untz , untz , untz music . schmidt and I be tired of people think we be audition for Magic Mike . Schmidt reach for the radio and jenko slap he hand away . schmidt ( cont 'd ) do not slap my hand . jenko do not touch my radio . Schmidt touch the radio again and jenko slap he again . a * slap - fight ensue and the car swerve all over the road until jenko accidentally break off the radio 's faceplate . the two of they stare at the radio as the open bar of * total eclipse of the heart come blasting out . turn around ... * jenko ( cont 'd ) * shit . this be you fault . * schmidt be you bear paw knock it off . * 4/20/13 7. turn around ... they stop at a traffic light and a pair of young girl look into the car and giggle at they for listen to this song . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( mortify ) unbelievable . jenko seriously . so embarrassing . a long beat . they eye each other and shake they head . then : * schmidt ( sing with gusto ) turn around , bright eye ! jenko ( equally fierce ) every now and then I fall apart . schmidt turn around , bright eye ! jenko every now and then I fall apart ! Schmidt kick in with the heavy air drum ... schmidt and jenko together and I need you now tonight ! and I need you more than ever ! and if you only hold I tight , we will be hold on forever ! ext . unmarked sedan the car drive off down the road , Schmidt and jenko belting bonnie Tyler with reckless abandon . int . unmarked sedan - a few minute later jenko kill the engine at the corner of Willow and poplar . * schmidt look ... they watch as a massive 18 - wheeler stop outside a warehouse . * the driver have a shock of white hair and Schmidt gasp . * 4/20/13 8 . schmidt ( cont 'd ) that 's the ghost . ( off jenko 's look ) Marco gostino . he 's the biggest trafficker in the country . what the hell be we suppose to be buy ? jenko do not know . all the informant say be there have be a message in the lecture where to make the exchange . the ghost and a scarface thug leap out and open the back . schmidt grab the bag and follow my lead . jenko grin and grab the duffel bag . ext . corner of willow and poplar - day they walk over . the ghost and scarface clock they approach . schmidt ( to the ghost ) let 's make this quick . you get the stuff ? ghost you be achme El - say ? Schmidt freeze , then turn to jenko . schmidt ( with conviction ) yalla , assalam alaykum Omar Sharif . jenko huh ? schmidt ( to the ghost ) my partner want to see the goods . ghost ( beat ) you have the money ? schmidt let 's see the goods first . the ghost eye they and pop a switchblade . a beat , then he turn it handle - first and hand it to Schmidt . 4/20/13 9 . Schmidt attempt to jump inside but get stick halfway . jenko give he a boost and leap in after . they cut open a box . jenko ( whisper ) what be it ? gun ? drug ? Schmidt lift the lid of the box and a giant parrot fly out and peck the side of he face . schmidt oh GOD ! feather fly as it ruthlessly peck at Schmidt 's face . schmidt ( cont 'd ) get it off I ! it 's eating my face ! jenko smack it off Schmidt and it fly out of the truck . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( gather himself ) exotic bird . as we expect . ( to jenko ) yalla , yalla , pay the man . jenko 's hand move to the gun tuck beneath he shirt when we hear the blip from a police siren . they all look up to see a police car pull up behind they . josh , a fat , curly - haire cop emerge from the car . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( see the cop 's face ) oh fuck my asshole . josh you guy be block the alley . I be gonna have to -- oh my star , be that who I think it be ? schmidt uh , hey , cop , sir , we be all set . josh Sir ? do not you recognize I ? it 's josh from Hebrew school ! schmidt this really be not a good time . josh what be you do in this truck ? I think you be a cop . * * +e * hf * 4/20/13 10 . schmidt what ? I ? you be confuse . josh no , no , it 's why I go to the academy . I figure if schmidty -- ghost I think you be El - say ? schmidt El - say -schmidt . I triple - barrel . the ghost eye Schmidt , jenko , josh and then scarface , and in a flash gun be draw by everyone except josh . Shots be fire as the ghost and scarface race into the cab and start the truck , Schmidt and jenko still in the back . the truck take off down the block as josh head back to he patrol car and radio in for back up . the 18 - wheeler scream down narrow street , crush car as it go . in back , Schmidt be toss like a rag doll , splintering box and freeing macaw , parakeet and canary . jenko stand rock solid , somehow unaffected . jenko okay . follow my lead . jenko take a acrobatic jump off a box to he right , a heroic leap to a higher box to he leave , and then miraculously whip himself onto the roof . Schmidt gather himself and copy jenko 's move exactly . except he flub it , miss the second box and snagging himself on some netting attach to the back of the truck . jenko hoist Schmidt up , netting and all . the truck swerve , fling Schmidt off the roof , but the netting ensnare jenko 's leg and Schmidt be hold aloft . they be tie together . jenko ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? schmidt not die . jenko get up here ! * * 4/20/13 11. schmidt I be try ! despite be occasionally throw off balance by the anchor - like Schmidt . jenko stride forward and leap onto the hood , and start punching a hole in the windshield . scarface he 's like the fuck terminator ! dozen of cop car join the chase , exotic bird fill the sky . jenko grab the ghost through the hole in the windshield , and the truck crash into a tree , send Schmidt fly . still tie together , Schmidt rip jenko off the hood as well . the ghost and scarface run off , leave Schmidt and jenko behind as two dozen uniform cop rush forward and aim they gun at they , unaware that they be cop . int . police precinct - day Schmidt and jenko sit in front of hardy , who simply stare at the dozen pock mark cover half of Schmidt 's face . schmidt it 's where the bird attack I . I can turn this way if it help ? hardy nobody give a shit about the jump Street re-boot when you first come on . anyone with half a brain think it be destine to fail spectacularly . but you get lucky , so the commissioner re-re-boote jump Street and increase the budget and get you that fancy office across the street . as if spend twice the money guarantee twice the profit . jenko make sense to I . hardy like it make sense to you to wreck half the city play free bird ? ( off Schmidt 's chuckle ) and it make sense to you to dangle from a net while the ghost escape ? * * + HH hhh HH +h hk 4/20/13 12. jenko ( defend Schmidt ) hey , he 's the only reason we know it be the ghost we do not catch . do you know he speak Arabic ? hardy do you know the commissioner be blame I for allow you to be put on a different assignment ? she 's convinced the reason this debacle happen be you be not do the exact same thing you do the first time . she think do the same thing will make you recapture the old chemistry and somehow stop you ego from ruin the whole enterprise . she do not get that it 's always worse the second time around . after the buzz of the initial success wear off , all the tiny difference you think be cute and endear become irritate and offput . you begin to wonder , be my partner hold I back ? can I function on my own ? one person pull away . the other get possessive . it 's a slow , painful unravel , until one day one of you find yourself alone behind a desk while the other be the biggest recording artist in the free world . we see a frame photo on hardy 's desk of hardy and celine dion perform on stage in gold - sequine pantsuit . hardy ( cont 'd ) but hey , I do not make the decision around here , and the commissioner be adamant that if you guy just do the same thing everyone will be happy . but mark my word , screw this one up and you 'il be back riding bike around the duck pond . ext . jump STREET headquarters - day Schmidt and jenko stand look at 21 jump Street . schmidt the new office be swank and all , but I kind of miss the old church . + eh +e * hf + h hk * 4/20/13 13. they turn and head across the street to 22 jump Street . int . dickson 's office - a few minute later Schmidt and jenko sit with dickson in he new and improve office . multiple flat screen surround he ergonomic desk . dickson toss they each a folder . dickson they want the same shit , well here you go . same identity . same assignment . jenko we be go back to high school ? dickson manimal , you be 40 . jenko thirty-two . dickson you go to mc State . schmidt we be go to college ? for real ? dickson someone 's cooking a new drug , it 's a chemical combination of adderall and ecstasy . kid take it and get laser focus for four hour of study , then get high as fuck for four hour . jenko look at the name of the drug in the folder : why phy . jenko wipey ? dickson why - phy . stands for work hard yes , play hard yes . dickson tap the screen and nothing happen . he tap a again . dickson ( cont 'd ) God damn piece of shit . schmidt it 's not a touch screen . 4/20/13 14 . dickson try to use the Magic trackpad , but he move the entire device , accomplish nothing . schmidt ( cont 'd ) let I . Schmidt start a video of a young black girl maniacally fling paint at a pair of canvase shape like wing . jenko whoa , she 's waste . dickson that 's she focus , shitbrain . the clip transition to cell - phone footage of the same girl stand in a bikini on the roof of a fraternity . girl I be the nubian goddess of love . the crowd roar with approval . schmidt she 's awesome . ( beat , realize ) she 's not gonna end up dead be sh -- the girl leap from the roof and the camera catch half she fall before shifting to the grass . we hear gasp of horror . dickson her name be Cynthia Watson . dickson slide across a picture from a security camera of the girl receive a packet of pill from someone in a car . dickson ( cont 'd ) that 's the dealer . you can not see he face , but look at the tattoo . dickson put two finger on the screen and pull they apart . schmidt it 's still not a touch screen . Schmidt lean over and zoom in on the picture . the arm reach from the car have a hideous tattoo of a guy shoot missile out of he arm as he drive a convertible . schmidt ( cont 'd ) that 's a very specific mythology . 4/20/13 dickson find the dealer . find the supplier . schmidt I just wanna say , it 's refresh to get a case with a black victim . dickson refresh ? schmidt I be just say we care just as much as if she be white . jenko it 's a tie how much we care . dickson we need to make sure the drug do not leave that campus . it 's exactly the same as high school . schmidt not exactly the same . this girl be of age , so we can -- dickson be gentleman . I be not gonna be responsible for sicking two old - ass predator on someone 's daughter . schmidt technically , everyone be someone 's daughter . sasha grey be someone 's daughter . dickson slap the desk . dickson just infiltrate the dealer and find the supplier . jenko I still think go right to the supplier be a possibility . dickson slap the desk again . dickson infiltrate the dealer , find the supplier ! 4/20/13 16 . int . korean church - day Schmidt walk into the church , which be now fill with old Korean man and woman praying in Korean . schmidt hey guy . you mind if I ... a Korean woman smile and say something to he in Korean as she gesture he over to Korean Jesus . schmidt ( cont 'd ) so , you guy do not mind ? no one pay he any attention . schmidt ( cont 'd ) hey Korean Jesus . Long time no pray . how have you be ? busy probably . North Korea ? nut , right ? so listen , with this whole college thing , I be hope while I be there I could take care of this thing I never get a chance to take care of , which be , um , have sex . like with another person . I know it 's weird to ask you , not because you be Korean , I assume korean do plenty of sex have , but because you be Jesus , and I be pretty sure you die a virgin , and that 's cool for you . I just , I just really do not want to die a virgin . anything you can do . amen . do not tell anyone . thanks . jenko ( 0.s. ) yo , let 's go . Schmidt turn to see jenko at the front of the church . he head over to he , and as he go , elderly korean all start say virgin , virgin , virgin . jenko ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? schmidt who know ? guess they all love Mary or something let 's go . ext . jenko 's apartment - day Schmidt and jenko load supplies into the schmidt 's suburban . * he HH hhh HH HH hf hhh HH of % * 4/20/13 jenko dickson really need to switch to decaf . can you imagine he at home ? schmidt infiltrate the deli , find the papaya ! they share a laugh as annie and david Schmidt arrive . annie look at you ! all grow up and go to college . Annie grab jenko and give he a sloppy mom kiss . jenko hey , Mrs. Schmidt . annie ( to Schmidt ) be that what you be wear ? schmidt Mom ... annie in my day we wear sundress and do not shave anything . now you wear cargo short and shave everything . schmidt mom ... ext . college campus - day the Schmidt 's suburban make its way through a campus explode with excited college kid and anxious parent . int . hallway - dormitory - day jenko , Schmidt and he parent carry box and bag , as a pair of beautiful college girl narrowly squeeze by . schmidt and you do not want to come here . one girl have sweatpant with juicy write on the butt . schmidt ( cont 'd ) her ass have a adjective . 4/20/13 18 . they arrive at they suite and walk through a small live * area to they room . jenko stop at the doorway . * schmidt ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? jenko I be the first one in my family to pretend to go to college . they share a moment then head into the room together . ext . dormitory - evening the schmidt stand by they car , say goodbye . annie you sure you be go to be okay ? schmidt Mom , we be fine . annie ( to Schmidt ) I mean you . you want we to wait ? schmidt Mom ! just get out of here ! * annie Doug or Brad or whoever you be suppose to be , take care of he . schmidt Mom ! other kid laugh good - naturedly at Schmidt and he parent . annie what be you laugh at , that 's my child ! Schmidt cover he face with he hand as we transition to ... dorm room montage Schmidt and jenko set up they room , argue over everything . * schmidt * I call this bed . * jenko * then I call this dresser . * 4/20/13 19 . jenko refer to the dresser right next to Schmidt 's bed . schmidt the dresser go with the bed . jenko say who ? they set up appliance . jenko put a microwave on he desk . jenko ( cont 'd ) it be not on the list but I remember last second . Schmidt eye jenko , then unpack a microwave twice as big . jenko ( cont 'd ) I think you be overcompensate . schmidt it be not on you list because it be on my list . that 's the point of the list . jenko ( beat , think ) we will put the little one inside the big one and cook thing twice as fast ! Schmidt try to move the mini-fridge , then nearly topple over backwards until jenko help he with a roll of he eye . Schmidt 's hang up poster of woman and beer , jenko 's be kitten hang - in - there poster . there 's no room to put they all up , so they keep try to put they 's on top of the other 's . schmidt stop . jenko you stop . two identical asian hipster appear in they door , alan and mike yang , one in lenseless glass , one in a keffiyeh . alan yang hey guy . we be you suite mate . the yang . mike yang we hear you fight . be everything okay ? 4/20/13 20 . schmidt we be not fight . we be negotiate . it 's a process . alan yang it must be hard be so different . we be the same and it make everything so much easier . mike yang yeah , we just agree on everything because we be brother . schmidt we be brother , too . the yang crack up . jenko he be not kid . alan yang oh . be one of you older ? mike yang they both look older . schmidt we be not . we be the age of college student . jenko normal freshman age . alan yang you guy be funny . mike yang they be like old - look version of poncho and burbank . alan yang oh my god ... tote ! Alan and Mike laugh again . schmidt be you go to explain the joke ? alan yang no. mike yang you kind of have to be there . % + eh % 4/20/13 21. int . bathroom - later Schmidt and jenko brush they tooth at a row of sink . schmidt do you think we have a compatibility problem ? jenko no way . whatever that be , no way . jenko spit out some toothpaste . schmidt cool. ( beat , thoughtful ) I be gonna go jerk off in the shower . jenko what ? schmidt you want I to do it in the room ? ( eyeing jenko 's bare foot ) this be why you need flip -flops . this floor be like ninety percent semen . int . dorm room - night they sit on they bed look at course list on they laptop , they case folder open on they bed . schmidt this course option be incredible . I literally just sign up for a class call logic 101 . jenko I just want to get this over with without humiliate myself . why do we even have to go to class ? schmidt because we have to act like real college kid . do not worry , we will mix some elective with class Cynthia be sign up for . she have a double major . Fine Art and -- * + h hk +e * hf a + eh +h hk 4/20/13 22. jenko ( read he folder ) Police ?! I will take police . schmidt that 's not police it 's poli-sci . jenko like , italian police ? schmidt political Science . jenko fuck science . I barely have a clue in app chemistry . schmidt do you even know what the app in app chemistry stand for ? jenko apparatus ? schmidt Advanced placement . you be take college level chemistry . jenko I be ? schmidt you be gonna be fine . ext . campus - morning Schmidt and jenko walk through the main quad , surround by student of all shape and color . jenko what 's the plan ? schmidt we will go to class , ask around about the drug and find the dealer . easy peasy , just like last time . int . lecture hall Schmidt sit down next to a stoned - looking kid . 4/20/13 23. schmidt you ready to get you logic on ? the stone - look kid eye Schmidt like he just farted . schmidt ( cont 'd ) College man ... work hard , party hard , amiright ? stoned -looking kid I guess . schmidt I wish there be some pill I could take that combine that two thing . you feel I ? stoned -looking kid I totally feel you . schmidt awesome . so ... you know where I can get some why phy ? stoned - looking kid uh-huh . the stone -look kid look around and lean in to Schmidt . stoned -looking kid ( cont ’d ) try the evidence room at you precinct ... because you be a narc . schmidt tsh , yeah , whatever . stoned -looking kid dude , you be wear a badge . ( off Schmidt look down ) wow ! do you actually just check to see if you be wear you badge ? the stone - look kid explode with laughter . schmidt no . I be just -- I -- Schmidt get up and move to the other side of class . he see a attractive light - skinned black girl and sit next to she . schmidt ( cont 'd ) hey . + HH fh * * +e hf ff * * * 4/20/13 24 . attractive black girl hey . schmidt * suck about that girl who die ... * do you know she ? attractive black girl why , because I be black ? schmidt what ? no. besides , you hardly even look black . attractive black girl so now I be not black enough ? schmidt * wha ? God , why 's this so difficult ? * attractive black girl * because you sit next to I because * I be black . * schmidt * no ... barely ... do that make I * racist ? I do not think I be racist . * attractive black girl nobody think they be racist . schmidt I bet Hitler think he be racist . I bet Hitler think he do not have * a not-racist bone in he body . * she laugh . attractive black girl Maya . schmidt Schmidt . eh , doug. mcquaid . my friend call I -- maya nervous . schmidt sometimes . maya well , nervous , yes , I know Cynthia . * 4/20/13 25 . schmidt oh . do you know she be into -- the logic professor wrap he knuckle against the podium . logic professor people ... welcome ! alright ! now ... if there be one thing I hope you learn from you college experience it 's this : question everything . critical think ! it be the difference between man and beast . int . jenko ’'s lecture hall jenko sit in the back row , listen to professor jacob . professor jacob welcome to we american president . hopefully you have all receive the read list and syllabus . jenko frantically try to write down every word the professor say . his pencil snap as he write silly bus . male voice hey . yo. jenko turn around to see zook , a jenko-look motherfucker wear a Zeta fraternity hat and a football uniform . zook you do not have to write everything down . Jacobs post he lecture online so the idiot can keep up . jenko ( see he uniform ) you play football ? rooster , a football player with a red Mohawk laugh . rooster no , it 's Halloween and we wear the same costume . they both laugh again , and jenko blushes , embarrassed . ext . dine hall - afternoon Schmidt and jenko reconvene . * + HH HH * 4/20/13 26. schmidt I be in heaven . astronomy be crazy , I meet a hot girl and do you realize this card give we unlimited food ? jenko any luck find the dealer ? schmidt nope . total strike out . you ? jenko no . but seem like the drug be everywhere . schmidt it be ? jenko I hear you can get it anywhere on campus . twenty - four seven . Schmidt look surprised , then eye jenko for a beat . schmidt you think ... you think they be talk about why - phy like the drug or wi-fi like the internet ? jenko what do you ... what ? shit . schmidt ( let he off the hook ) that 's pretty cool though . campus wide internet ? ( beat ) maybe we be go about this the wrong way . the dealer have a very specific tattoo on he arm , right ? ext . quad - day Schmidt and jenko approach the edge of the activity fair . student pack the quad , which be line on both side by stall advertising student organization of all kind . schmidt we will sign up for everything and then do tattoo recon at each one until we find the dealer . * + eh 4/20/13 27 . they see stall label balloon puppet Society , debate , Young entrepreneur , mind-boggler , slam poetry , mc State bear ... jenko let 's do it . montage of Schmidt and jenko do different activity . quad - Schmidt make balloon animal and high fives people 's tattoo- less arm as they balloon fizzle out . lecture hall - jenko stand at a podium opposite a student argue at a speed almost beyond comprehension . moderator ( to jenko ) you have four minute for rebuttal . jenko yeah ... well ... what he say . jenko high fives the confuse genius 's tattoo - less arm . dorm room - Schmidt and jenko cross two club off they list . professor 's house - Schmidt talk to ken , handsome , and mercede , a goody - two - shoe who look like rebel Wilson . mercede this be the great country in the world , but you have to be a self - starter . if there 's one thing I learn from my dad , it 's that weak people wait for opportunity , strong people make they . schmidt up top for ingenuity ! Schmidt give Ken a awkward high five ... no tattoo . student CENTER - jenko play boggle . everyone furiously write down word . jenko 's list say foot , foot and sfoot . jenko eye the other player 's tattoo- less arm . dorm room - they cross off more club , get frustrated . jenko do you find anything ? schmidt no . eh HH fh % 4/20/13 28. jenko shit . College be harder than high school . cafe - Schmidt listen to a woman 's angry slam poem about she vagina . Schmidt eye the other student 's arm until he 's forcibly drag to the stage . after a awkward beat . schmidt slam . poetry . yelling . angry . why be I here ? for arm . to disarm you . to undress you . with my eye . and also my hand . I be not who I say I be , but I be who I will always be . you clothes , give they to I ? to Schmidt 's surprise , people start applaud . football field - jenko stand in walk - on jersey with a few dozen other hopeful , all short and narrower than jenko . a haggard old coach stand next to a bored - look chain up bear - the mascot - and blow a whistle . on the field , the properly uniform player demolish a crew of walk - on . the coach blow the whistle again and jenko take he place at outside linebacker as the starter chuckle to each other . rooster God I love walk - on day . recognize rooster as the guy who make fun of he in class , jenko 's eye narrow . Zook , the quarterback turn and grin at rooster . zook watch out , rooster . look like someone have a crush on you . the ball be snap and in a flash , jenko chuck he block and race through the line as Zook hand the ball to rooster . jenko Pov slo -mo , as jenko enter the jock zone . everything go to black but he target , rooster , and we zip to full speed and jenko slam he shoulder - pad into rooster 's chest . back to scene jenko rise , stare down at rooster , who roll over , grass in he face - mask . * * 4/20/13 29 . jenko happy Halloween , motherfucker . Zook crack up , loving jenko 's attitude , and jenko help rooster up , look for the tattoo but a cast cover he arm . int . jump STREET headquarters - morning Schmidt and jenko stand at the bulletin board we see in the first movie that have yarn connect picture of suspect . now it 's just yarn connect nothing but question mark . dickson ( after a long beat ) you be suppose to be tell I what you know . schmidt I know you should stay away from the fish stick at the food court . jenko I know it feel pretty goddamn amazing to play football again . dickson I ’ma bout two second from pull my gun . infiltrate the dealer , find the supplier ! it 's the same thing ! int . dorm room - later Schmidt and jenko air they frustration in they room . jenko we need to figure this out . schmidt no shit . jenko you be the smart one . schmidt why do I always have to be the smart one ? jenko well you be not go to be the strong one ! ( beat ) ( more ) * * * % + eh 4/20/13 jenko ( cont 'd ) how do you we find the dealer so quickly the first time ? schmidt his phone number be on a sticker . it be almost impossible not to find the dealer the first time . jenko so let 's go find the sticker . schmidt I do not think this guy do sticker . jenko we could check the yearbook office ? that 's where -- schmidt I try . mc State do not even have a yearbook . jenko so what be we suppose to do ? ( beat ) we need help . like expert to consult . Schmidt look at jenko and cock he head . schmidt dude , you be a genius ! int . state prison - day 30 . Schmidt and jenko be escort down a row of cell until they eventually reach the cell of a jolly look mr . walter and a very depressed look eric , both in orange jump suit . mr . walter ho! Turner and hootch in the flesh ! ( to jenko ) man , you be look fit as ever . Eric , you should get some tip . look at that pecs . schmidt um , Mr. Walters , I guess I should apologize about you , uh ... * 4/10/13 31 . mr . walter my penis ? that old thing . brother , do not sweat it . I be liberated . you know they give I a vagina ? it 's amazing . wanna see it ? schmidt and jenko together no . mr . walter Eric 's see it . Eric 's be all up in that shit , be not that right ? eric guy , you gotta get I out of here . mr . walter I be Eric 's bitch . eric no , you be not . mr . walter ( aggressive ) yeah , that 's right . I be you bitch . schmidt listen , they send we to college to infiltrate the dealer and supplier of a new synthetic . we need you expert advice . mr . walter I see , you want some fava bean and a nice chianti ... what 's in it for I ? jenko what do you want ? mr . walter quesadillas . and maybe some lacy panty . I wanna look pretty for Eric . he 's my man ! Mr. Walters give a few cock thrust to a cower Eric . eric guy , I be gonna die in here . mr . walter shut the fuck up ! ( Eric cower ) I be sorry baby . ( more ) 4/20/13 32 . mr . walter ( cont 'd ) you know I do not mean it , right ? ( to Schmidt and jenko ) who woulda thunk it ? I and green penis , in love ! Eric collapse on he bed and Mr. Walters roll he eye . mr . walter ( cont 'd ) Men ... schmidt so , we ask around campus but no one would tell we anything . mr . walter Cause you look like fuck narc ! College kid be not dumb like Eric . ( beat ) look , the dealer have be out there interact with the other kid . so hit the big event . a big game or a big party , and blend in . Act like college kid and look for someone where they be not suppose to be . if everyone 's outside , look for someone inside , if everybody 's upstairs , check downstairs . ( beat ) and do not forget that quesadilla ! ext . campus - day Schmidt and jenko stand at a round bulletin board kiosk cover with poster and advertisement . dominate the board be flyer for the upcoming Zeta fraternity rush party . schmidt we gotta get invite to that party . jenko wait , I actually know a Zeta . int . jenko 's lecture hall - day Professor Jacobs talk . professor jacob it 's be four decade since Richard Nixon declare the war on drug and with over a trillion dollar spend , the question be : what do we have to show for it ? * % + HH hhh HH 4/20/13 33 . jenko turn to Zook and rooster behind he . jenko hey , can freshmen come to the rush party ? zook ( laugh ) yeah bro , it 's kind of the whole point . just try not to hurt rooster too bad . rooster give Zook a friendly middle finger . jenko can I bring my brother ? zook you mean there 's two of you ? jenko grin and pull out he phone and text Schmidt . int . schmidt 's lecture hall - day Schmidt sit next to Maya , listen to they professor . logic professor inductive reason take specific example and make sweeping general conclusion . my logic professor be handsome , therefore all logic professor be handsome . Schmidt get a loud text - '' we be in ! '' - draw a angry look from mercede , who sit in the row ahead of he . int . jenko ’'s lecture hall jenko get a text - '' Nice work ! '' professor jacob hello ... Mr. mcquaid ? zook I think he 's talk to you , bro . jenko look up to see Professor Jacobs stare at he . professor jacob what do we have to show for the war on drug ? % +e * hf * +e * hf % * 4/20/13 34 . jenko less people do drug ? professor jacob since the seventies , drug use have actually increase . try again . the class titter . Professor Jacobs keep look at jenko . jenko um , it 's harder to get drug ? professor jacob the average price of cocaine be 70 percent less than it be thirty year ago . you will have to do much better than that , Mr. mcquaid . the class laugh again and jenko lower he head . int . schmidt 's lecture hall logic professor deductive reason take a general rule and make specific example of it . all professor be handsome , therefore my logic professor will be handsome . and newly single I might add . and crushingly lonely . schmidt you gonna go to Zeta tonight ? maya I do not usually do fraternity . schmidt good , because that have be a lot . you would be really sore . mercede shhhs they , loudly . maya you be talk about my vagina . schmidt indirectly . like , from the side . maya that 's not really the way in . schmidt well I be young and inexperienced . +e hf ff * 4/20/13 35 . maya that 's funny , you look old and inexperienced . Schmidt laugh as mercede shhhs they again . * ext . zeta house - night * Schmidt and jenko stand in front of the house . jenko in a polo and jeans , Schmidt in he T-shirt and cargo short . jenko you really love that short . schmidt this short be bad ass . you want gum , condom , thumb tack ? you want it , I have get it . jenko congratulation , you be a walk fanny pack . schmidt just keep you eye open . if the * dealer 's gonna be anywhere he 's gonna be here . Zook open the door in a tuxedo , look like James bond . zook well if it be not Brad mcquaid . ( confuse be : Schmidt ) * I think you be bring you brother ? schmidt I be he brother . zook really ? I be expect another * Brad . whatever ... C ’mon in . you guy ready for some gay sex ? schmidt what ? zook I be just fuck around . but I mean , fuck a dude if you want , nobody give a shit . 4/20/13 36 . int . zeta house Zook lead Schmidt and jenko into the fraternity party perfected . all the brother wear tux , all the freshman have tuxedo t-shirt pull on over they clothes . woman abound . * Schmidt and jenko try to blend in , which be easier for jenko , who fit right in with the look and build of the brother . * rooster quickly spot jenko and pull he away . * * meanwhile Schmidt see Zook head upstairs hold a gift - wrap package . Schmidt wait a beat , then follow he up . Zook emerge from the attic and lock the door , on the phone . * * zook ( into phone ) nobody see it , relax ! even if they do they would not know what it be . there 's a awkward beat as Zook see Schmidt see he . schmidt ( laugh , act casual ) * you hide farm animal in there ? ( off Zook 's confusion ) I hear fraternity pledge have to like , fuck sheep and stuff . zook fuck sheep ? be you nut ? you just have to finger ‘em a little bit . ( off Schmidt 's look ) it 's just the attic , bro . schmidt * I be cool , man . zook you be cool ? schmidt like , I love , you know , party , drug ... I actually deal a little in high school . Zook look at Schmidt like he have six head . zook that 's super , Doug . good for you . int . first floor - fraternity - a few minute later Maya approach a lonely - look Schmidt . he perk up . * 4/20/13 37 . schmidt you come ! maya once , in high school . but it be with a shower head . schmidt wow ! you go there ! maya sorry , I have a big mouth . schmidt do not be sorry . I like you more and more every time you talk . maya I have herpes . schmidt not a problem ! maya I be kid . schmidt so be I . that would have be a huge problem . that never go away . like in a hundred year you would be just bone and herpes . maya God , you be smooth . schmidt like tequila . which we should go drink . in memory of Cynthia . maya what 's you deal with Cynthia ? schmidt ( think quick ) I be write a slam poem about she . I be a poetry major . what about you ? maya Art history . schmidt then let 's drink to Cynthia and we future unemployment . + HH fh * 4/20/13 38 . Schmidt lead she to a booze- cover table . he put a line of salt on he forearm , grab a slice of lime and a shot , and ... snort the salt , slam the shot and squirt lime in he eye . schmidt ( cont 'd ) oh my GOD ! it burn so bad ! maya at least you take it like a man . schmidt that 's 1ll put hair on you chest ! maya just what I always want . jenko arrive with Zook . zook c'mon , it 's decathlon time . time to see what the mcquaid be make of . schmidt Coke Zero and hot pocket , mostly . series of shot - the alcohol decathlon jenko , Schmidt , the Yang brother , Zook and other fraternity brother and freshman compete in ten drink game . Schmidt struggle to keep up with jenko , who be superhuman . they play beer pong with Zook and rooster . Schmidt stink . jenko c'mon , man ! eventually jenko start hit the ball for he . they run a three - legge race . Zook and rooster race ahead . jenko pick up Schmidt and chase they , almost catch up . Schmidt and jenko chug beer from a three - story funnel . Schmidt get overwhelm , beer explode from he mouth . jenko ( cont 'd ) I get it . jenko grab the funnel and the crowd cheer jenko on as he slam it , push in around he and squeezing Schmidt out of the circle completely . 4/20/13 39 . Zook lead the drunken crew away , jenko include , and Schmidt * watch as jenko leap a wall , repeat he move from the opener . Schmidt smile , until Zook do the exact same move . Schmidt flop on he back and see Maya stand over he . maya that two be bird of a feather . schmidt pff , who do you think teach he that move ? maya you dad ? schmidt Zing . maya if you be do bro- out , perhaps we could resume we repartee . schmidt I can re-party . I just need some water . back to shot of partying Schmidt and Maya slow dance to a fast song and fast dance to a slow song . jenko and Zook surf food trays down a steep hill . on a porch , Schmidt perform he slam poem for Maya . * schmidt ( cont 'd ) Cynthia ? Sin ...thia ? why phy ? why ... phy ? the drug take you life , but it could not take you pride . ( beat ) it 's a work in progress . +e * hf jenko and Zook creep across a cage hold shave cream pie . they disappear behind a rock , we hear a roar and the bear mascot chase after they with shave cream on its face . % Maya help a stumbling Schmidt out of the fraternity . maya be you okay get home ? schmidt complotally . 4/20/13 40 . maya which dorm be you in ? schmidt you know , the one with the door and the room and hallway ... maya forget it , come with I . ext . football field —- dawn jenko and Zook stand shirtless on the fifty yard line , each with a pair of 40s duct - tape to both of they hand . a half - dozen brother lie pass out all around they . jenko pull up the sleeve of rooster 's recently uncast arm * and see ... nothing . no tattoo . * Zook polish off he last forty , kneel , and sniff the air . zook the smell , you know that malt liquor smell ... the whole field . smell like ... victory . someday this party 's gonna end ... jenko kill the last of he beer . as he do we and Zook see four huge bear claw gashes diagonally crossing jenko 's back . zook ( cont 'd ) Holy fuck ! jenko what ? Zook eye the unstoppable jenko as he chew the tape off one hand , toss the forty and untape the other . zook how come you do not come back after walk - on day ? you be obviously good enough to play on the team . + eh * jenko I do not know ... I be not suppose to be here to play football . * * zook * sure . School 's important , but tell I you do not love it . * ( more ) * 4/20/13 zook ( cont 'd ) that feel on the field when the body be fly this way and that , and time just stop . it 's like , in that moment , you become ... jenko Immortal . zook exactly . if you do not play you can not know what it feel like . ( beat ) so you will play ? jenko hesitates , unsure . then nod . jenko sure . zook ( with a warm smile ) excellent . I see great thing in we future , Brad . great thing . jenko grin as Zook help jenko untape he hand . as he do , jenko see what he do not want to see . the tattoo - a unmistakable arm with missile in a car . zook ( cont ’d ) that 's I . Zook . Cause I have get a bazooka for a arm . ( beat ) C ’mon , let 's get some grub . Zook start off but jenko stay roote to the field . zook ( cont ’d ) you come or what ? jenko follow . int . bedroom - morning Schmidt wake up , grab he head and moan . he turn to see Maya in bed beside he in she bra and panty . maya Morning . schmidt whoa ! ! a * 4/20/13 42. maya interesting reaction . schmidt what happen last night ? maya you do not remember ? Schmidt look at Maya , baffle . schmidt no . I remember we dance , and then leave , and oh my GOD why be there condom on the floor ! ( freaking out ) do we have sex last night !? I think we have sex last night ! mercede ( 0.s. ) this be why I do not drink . they turn to see mercede in the bed across the room . her side of the room be bright pink and cover with unicorn . maya shut up , mercede . mercede I be just say . it 's all fun and game and then you wake up in bed with a 40 - year - old freshman . schmidt I be nineteen . mercede in what , bulldog year ? mercede get out of bed wear a pair of foote - onesie pajamas , grab she toiletry bag and walk out . maya I can not believe you do not even remember have sex with I . it 's kind of insulting . schmidt Maya , trust I , if I could remember what be probably the great night of my life , I would . ( beat ) do you think we tape it ? % + fh fh hhh F + eh % % + eh +h hk 4/20/13 43. maya Excuse I ? schmidt I would kind of like to re-experience it . maya do not hold you breath . schmidt why ? be I bad ? maya you be fine . schmidt I be okay with fine . maya listen Doug , I keep find you unexpectedly charming , so I be go to tell you the truth . schmidt you do have herpes . maya ( with a laugh ) no. schmidt you have a boyfriend . maya no. schmidt listen , whatever it be , it do not matter . go out with I . maya go out where ? schmidt on a date . 2006 style . dinner . a movie . i’1l do the yawn into the arm around the shoulder . maybe brush a little side - boob . but we will go slow and build back up to this point , and because we have already do it , it will not be awkward . + HH fh * * % + h HH hf 4/20/13 44 , maya there 's no way it will not be awkward . schmidt you be right , it will be awkward . Maya smile reluctantly . Maya sigh maya this be not remotely how I think this would play out . schmidt unexpectedly charming . maya Fine . one date . God , mercede be gonna give I so much shit . schmidt yeah , what 's she deal ? maya she be Cynthia 's roommate . I feel bad after what happen so I tell she I would room with she . schmidt seem like every time you do something nice you get fuck . maya wow. really ? schmidt sorry . what I lack in tact I make up for in a attribute to be name later . ( beat ) be mercede and Cynthia close ? maya for awhile . they kind of have a fall out before she die . schmidt what about ? maya I do not know . I think Cynthia be into some bad stuff and mercede do not approve . * % + hhh of + h hk % % + eh 4/20/13 45 . Schmidt absorb this , and there 's a awkward silence . schmidt so , do you wanna like hug it out ? or shake hand or -- Maya give Schmidt a quick peck on the lip . schmidt ( cont 'd ) that 's 11 work . int . dickson 's office - jump STREET headquarters - morning Schmidt and jenko sit with dickson . dickson what 's go on ? schmidt I do not want you to get angry , but one of we get laid . dickson immediately pull he gun and point it at jenko , who put he hand up and nod he head towards Schmidt . schmidt ( cont 'd ) she 's super smart , hella sexy , and a art major . dickson Art major ? no wonder . ( lowering he gun ) but I be ask about the case . schmidt we find the dealer . jenko probably . schmidt stop say probably . jenko ( to dickson ) he 's get the tattoo , but he really do not seem like the guy . schmidt we go over this last night . he 's get the tattoo , and he be talk about a pickup he make . it 's he . 4/20/13 46 . jenko you try to get he to deal to you and he would not do it . schmidt that 's how good he be . jenko or he 's not the dealer ! schmidt tonight be the big rush meeting , so all the brother will be in the basement . we be gonna sneak into the attic where he keep he stash , to prove to jenko 's the guy . jenko or that he 's not . dickson goddamnit ... why be this always so difficult with you two ? int . korean church back with he korean , Schmidt talk softly to Korean Jesus . schmidt hey , kj . you grant my wish and that 's awesome , and I do not want to complain , but the way you do it be a little monkey 's pawish , so maybe I could do it again and remember it this time ? that cool ? because have get laid and pretend to remember be not much better than remember to pretend to have get laid . Schmidt turn and walk out of the church . on the way , a ancient Korean lady tug at he sleeve . ancient korean lady hey white boy ... fuckin be fuckin . int . dorm room - night Schmidt and jenko dress in all black . jenko this be a stupid idea . he hhh hhh HH of % 4/20/13 47 . schmidt I be just try to cure you of you Zook boner . jenko I do not have a Zook boner , I just do not think he 's the guy . schmidt and after tonight you will . the Yang brother appear in they doorway . alan yang you guy never seem like you be on the same page . mike yang we be always on the same page . we sameness be we biggest asset . that 's kind of the key to be great roommate . alan yang poncho and burbank disagree about everything and that 's why they do not last . schmidt why be you always here ? alan yang we jamme through we work again . what be you guy do ? mike yang be you bandit ? jenko what ? alan yang I bet they be do a prank . mike yang omg , prank be awesome . if you guy need help we have love to -- jenko we do not need help . schmidt actually ... * 4/20/13 48. ext . street of metro CITY - night they ride on vespas . Schmidt with Alan and jenko with Mike . alan yang we buy this when we do a semester abroad in montreal . you know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in montreal ? mike yang Royale with cheese . schmidt be you guy serious ? alan yang you know what they call a Big Mac ? schmidt Le Big Mac ! we know ! everybody fuck know . mike yang calm down , burbank . Alan and Mike crack up again . ext . fraternity row - night schmidt if you see anyone leave the basement , lay on the horn . jenko and Schmidt hustle to the back of the Zeta house . in a flash , jenko grab a window sill and leap to the balcony . Schmidt leap up , can not even grab the window sill . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( whisper shouting ) jenko ! jenko ! the door open and jenko roll he eye and wave Schmidt in . int . third floor - zeta house they reach the lock attic . jenko duck into a open room . schmidt where be y-- 4/20/13 49 . the attic door open from the inside , jenko step out . schmidt ( cont 'd ) how do you keep do that ? ext . fraternity row - same time Alan and Mike keep watch from they scooter . alan yang you see any Zeta brother ? mike yang negative . alan yang man , I be so lock in right now ! mike yang focus like a laser ! int . attic jenko and Schmidt poke around a dusty attic litter with old furniture , fraternity composite , lamp . jenko what be we even look for , a box label drug ? schmidt ( a noise ) shhh ... they shut up , and we hear the quiet but distinct voice of the fraternity brother wafting up through the a/c vent . zook ( 0.s. ) next up for pledgeship ... Brad mcquaid . frat bro ( 0.s. ) be that he - man or sponge Bob ? zook ( 0.s. ) he - man . there 's a chorus of ' definitely 's and ' hell yeah 's . zook ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) great . what about doug? 4/20/13 50 . there 's a chorus of laughter and ' be you serious 's and a very audible , ' what 's with that short ? 's zook ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) guy , he 's Brad 's brother . I doubt we get one without the other . there 's a collective groan and Schmidt 's face fall . ext . fraternity row in the house fraternity brother begin to leave the basement . alan yang do you remember why we be sit out here ? mike yang no clue . I be hope you know . Alan and Mike start laugh . alan yang I think the adderall 's transition to the ecstacy . mike yang Goodbye work hard , hello play hard . Alan honk he pathetically ineffectual horn twice . alan yang ( match the tone ) I be . High . mike yang ( honk twice ) me. too. int . attic Schmidt and jenko dig around , the voice have disappear . schmidt the Zeta guy be asshole . jenko they be not that bad , you be just a different type of person . schmidt what do that mean ? 4/20/13 51 . jenko nothing . ( beat ) let 's go . this be just a attic . schmidt we could be stand on a mountain of drug and you would say it be just a attic . jenko fuck you . if he 's the guy he 's the guy I just do not think he 's the -- schmidt Holy shit . jenko look and see what Schmidt see : a black ski mask and glove and beside that the gift- wrap package . schmidt ( cont 'd ) that 's the package Zook snuck upstairs during the party . Schmidt reach for it just as they hear someone open the locked attic door . jenko fuck . the attic door open as Zook push Schmidt out of the attic window , and together they tumble out onto the roof . Zook step in and eye the open attic window with suspicion . ext . fraternity row Schmidt and jenko jump onto the back of the Yang 's scooter and they putter off . schmidt where be the warning ? alan yang about what ? jenko about the fraternity brother ? mike yang what fraternity brother ? 4/20/13 52. schmidt fuck , you think we be spot ? alan yang leopards be spot . jenko I do not know . mike yang Owls be spot . schmidt you do not know or you do not think so ? alan yang giraffes be spot . schmidt and jenko together would you shut up ! ext . dormitory - night Schmidt and jenko walk towards the front entrance of the dorm as Alan and Mike zip away on they scooter . schmidt look , I do not care how much you like that guy , you have to admit that be pretty incriminate . jenko would you stop insulate that I be too close to Zook ? ( beat ) you do not think they see we do you ? schmidt no . as he say it , potato sack be throw over they head , and they wrist and ankle be wrap in heavy - duty duct-tape . a car zip forward and they be both throw into the trunk . int . trunk the car bounce along , and in the dim illumination Schmidt and jenko struggle against they restraint . +e * hf * % 4/20/13 53. schmidt ( freaking out ) Holy fuck shit , they spot we and they be gonna fuck kill we ! jenko ( chill ) seem like it . schmidt seem like it ? Jesus , we be gonna die . I be gonna die . I be gonna die in this short everyone hate . they be gonna put I in the morgue in this short . my mom 's gonna identify I in this short . jenko Schmidt , calm down . be calm . schmidt why ? why would I be calm ? the car stop and we hear people jump out . footstep head towards the trunk . schmidt ( cont 'd ) oh God , this be it . we hear a audible squirt . jenko what the hell be that ? schmidt I just poope a little . jenko you what ? the trunk fly open and they hood be rip off . Schmidt and jenko look up to see Zook hold the gun , with rooster and two other brother , look deadly serious . zook you already know , do not you ? schmidt no . I do not know anything . zook even better . 4/20/13 54 . Zook point the gun at Schmidt and pull the trigger . a stream of liquid hit Schmidt in the face . schmidt be that ... smirnoff ? zook welcome to Zeta , pledge . rooster step up and shoot a fire - extinguisher into the trunk and two other shake beer and douse jenko and Schmidt . slowly the foam and spray peter out and the brother all stare into the trunk , nose crinkle . rooster what fuck stink ? schmidt I shat my short . everyone explode with laughter . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ha , fuck ha . we think we be gonna die . it 's weird that he do not shit himself . int . jump STREET headquarters - day Schmidt and jenko sit in front of a angry dickson . dickson I be gonna make it real simple for you two : jenko get close to Zook and earn he trust . Schmidt , get in with the dead girl 's roommate , find out if Zook 's the one who sell she the drug . tick tock , motherfucker ! montage Schmidt , jenko and the pledge clean up the house . Schmidt watch jenko take a break and have a laugh with Zook . we see Schmidt and Maya next to each other in class . professor anchore describe the common human tendency to rely too heavily on the first piece of information offer when make decision . * + HH HH % * +e * hf 4/20/13 55 . Schmidt reach out and hold Maya 's hand under the table . professor ( cont ’d ) once a anchor be set , other judgment be make by adjust away from that anchor , and there be a bias toward interprete other information around the anchor . we see Schmidt at the fraternity , eyeing the attic door , which now have a second lock . we see jenko and Zook in class , listen to professor jacob as he read a quote from Theodore Roosevelt . professor jacob it be not the critic who count , but the man in the arena , whose face be marre by dust and sweat and blood ... we see jenko processing the word , which continue as we cut to he and Zook play football . professor jacob ( v.o. ) there be no effort without error ; but who do actually strive to do the deed know in the end the triumph of high achievement , and if he fail , at least fail while dare greatly . jenko get run over , he face full of dirt , and Zook rush over and help he up , as Schmidt watch from the bleacher . professor jacob so that he place shall never be with that cold and timid soul who neither know victory nor defeat . we see Maya watch Schmidt on stage at slam poetry . schmidt the fire rage inside I . Burning . yearning . unquenched . entrench . if a rise bush fall in the forest but no one be there to see it , do it still have its flower ? we see Schmidt and Maya leave the slam poetry coffee shop . maya sorry mercede could not make it . + ff fh HH HH + HH HH +e * hf he hhh HH hk * * 4/20/13 56 . schmidt I guess we should go back to you place , I can talk to she there . maya I know why you want to go to my place and it 's not to see mercede . schmidt no , it actually be . we see Schmidt in the back seat of Zook 's muscle car , with Zook and jenko riding up front listen to untz , untz , untz . zook you hit the snot out of that kid . jenko I know , I almost feel bad . Schmidt lean forward from the back seat . schmidt what ? zook please , that kid eat we up last year . schmidt it 's hard to hear over the music . zook yo , you mind lean back ? I can not see the rearview . Schmidt lean back into the back seat , leave out . ext . MAIN quad - day Schmidt and Maya walk through the quad . schmidt you be sure mercede will be there ? maya trust I . she never miss a art class , she always sit in front and she always talk to the volunteer . ( beat ) be you parent come for parent weekend ? 4/20/13 57 . schmidt they will not shut up about it . I love they and everything , but they be like this new - age anything - go hippie and it drive I bonker . maya I would not complain . my dad 's a overprotective maniac . we be super tight when I be little , but now I basically do not tell he anything just so he have nothing to freak out about . he do not even know I be a art major . schmidt well , he can not be that bad . he make you , right ? Maya punch he . maya you be corny ... ( beat ) and I like you . schmidt um , I really like you . like , a lot . maya good . although I be start to feel bad about make you do this . schmidt make I do what ? int . art CLASS Schmidt stand in a robe on a pedestal in front of a room full of art student with pencil in hand , mercede up front . art professor ( eyeing the clock ) okay Doug , time 's a waste . schmidt what 's that ? art professor whenever you be ready . a long beat ... Maya whisper to Schmidt . 4/20/13 58. maya I have already see everything , so ... Schmidt look at she , look at the class , and drop the robe . the class react as though they be hit by a gale - force wind . mercede close one notepad and open a larger one . art professor could give we a pose , please ? Schmidt eye Maya , she face inscrutable , and have go this far he go full atlas : hoist the world above he head . after a beat Schmidt glance down at mercede . schmidt bummer about you old roommate . mercede what about she ? schmidt the fact that she 's not a live person anymore . mercede well , I do not wanna sound like a bitch , but Cynthia get what be come to she . schmidt that sound like exactly what a bitch would say . mercede please , I be try to concentrate . if you want to talk about Cynthia you should come by the Student Health Center . I work there and we can talk about it in private . art professor Doug , stand still . you be swinging . int . locker room — day jenko get dress next to Zook in the locker room . he point to a few why phy pill in a nearby player 's workout bag . jenko do you ever do that stuff ? 4/20/13 59 . zook use to . but I stop when Cynthia die . jenko oh . be you guy ... dating ? zook I and cyn ? Nah . I have get a girl at home . we be pretty serious . jenko oh , cool . I would not mind find a nice girl to settle down with . Zook eye jenko 's innocent face . zook listen , you should not do that stuff . it 's dangerous . jenko oh , I do not want to . I be just wonder if maybe deal be a way to make some extra cash . I would not normally , but college be expensive , and I could see how someone who be generally a good guy might be suck into do something he would not ordinarily do . know what I mean ? jenko get a text from Schmidt - meet I at Health Center . jenko ( cont 'd ) shit , I gotta bounce . zook I think we be gonna hang ? jenko I will not be long . ext . student health CENTER - day jenko arrive to find Schmidt wait outside . jenko what 's so important I have to ditch Zook ? schmidt oh , I do not know , police business ? 4/20/13 60 . jenko Zook be police business . can not you ever do thing on you own ? schmidt we be partner . we be suppose to do thing together . jenko let 's just hurry up . I be suppose to meet Zook later . he 's gonna teach I how to get he car up on two wheel . schmidt for the case , I be sure . int . student health CENTER they walk down a hallway and through a door mark counselor . int . reception area —- counselor' office Schmidt and jenko enter the wait room , where a sobbing girl sit alone . they approach the reception desk , where mercede do she economics homework , drink a milk shake . mercede I do not realize you be bring you brother . sob girl sniff and sob in the background . jenko I can jet if -- mercede no , no , more the merrier . schmidt so -- mercede put she finger up , then wiggle for they to follow . mercede come . int . counselor' office she lead they into the office and shut the door . % + eh 4/20/13 mercede now we can have a little privacy . schmidt about Cynthia . mercede right , forget Cynthia . I want to talk about you two , inside I . jenko Excuse I ? mercede lock the door . mercede eiffel Tower . thor up front , monorail in back . jenko what the hell be she talk about ? schmidt um , I think she want both of we to - mercede guy , less chit-chat , more dp . Dr. Murphy 's gonna be back in five to deal with donna daddy issue . sob girl wail through the close office door . mercede hike up she skirt to reveal black garter and pair of leather panty with zipper in front and back . jenko wow . do not see that come . mercede we gonna do this or what ? schmidt look , I have love to , but I have a girlfriend . jenko you do ? schmidt if we ever talk you have know that . mercede what about you ? 4/20/13 62. jenko I believe a lady should be treat with more respect than a french monument . mercede what be you guy afraid of have you dick touch ? because not be gay be the new gay . someone try the lock door . man ( 0.s. ) why be this door lock ? mercede ? mercede great , now I get no dick . mercede pull down she skirt and open the door . mercede ( cont 'd ) hi Dr. Murphy , this guy be you four o'clock . sobbing girl ( 0.s. ) hey ! mercede walk by dr . murphy , play by a 14 - year- old actor . schmidt you be a doctor ? dr . murphy I know , I look very young but I be actually thirty - seven . jenko really ? you look 14 . schmidt I wish we look that young . dr . murphy yes , you both look strikingly old for college student . anyway , have a seat gentleman . jenko that 's okay , we be just leave . Dr. Murphy snort as he walk in and sit at he desk . 4/20/13 63. dr . murphy think you be the first partner to come in for help and then try to run the moment you have to actually face talk to I ? jenko how would you know we be partner ? schmidt he do not know we be partner . dr . murphy Friends with benefit , whatever you want to call it . sit. Schmidt sit , but jenko hesitates . dr . murphy ( cont ’d ) you do not want to come , I take it . jenko no , I do not . dr . murphy but you come out of some sense of obligation ? ( jenko nod ) you feel like this be a job ? jenko ( sit ) it be a job . dr . murphy that 's right . and like any job , a relationship be something you have to constantly work on . schmidt exactly . dr . murphy and ... schmidt I do not know ... sometimes I feel like he 's not even try anymore . jenko c'mon ... we just talk about this ! 4/20/13 dr . murphy this be good . you need to continue the dialogue . jenko I do not wanna continue the dialogue . I wanna end the dialogue . schmidt you see what I be deal with ? dr . murphy start to ... but what about you ? jenko yeah , let 's talk about he . schmidt I ? I be great . dr . murphy be you ? schmidt yes . dr . murphy be you ? int . reception area mercede do she homework as sob girl wail on . mercede I need a new job . int . counselor 's office - sometime later Schmidt shake he head while jenko talk . jenko honestly , sometimes I wonder if we should both be more like the yang . schmidt you mean you want I to be more like you . dr . murphy and what would more like he be ? 64 . 4/20/13 65 . schmidt taller . stronger . more like Zook. jenko go fuck yourself . schmidt you go fuck yourself . dr . murphy perhaps we should roleplay ? jenko we be already roleplaying . dr . murphy be that what this feel like to you ? jenko aahhh ... my brain be bleed ! ( jenko get up ) look , I gotta go . schmidt great , walk away . jenko leave , and Schmidt shake he head , stewing . dr . murphy you feel like you be lose he . Schmidt be silent for a beat . schmidt this be all my fault . we be happy and I want more . now all I want be what we have . dr . murphy I work with a couple once that be go through the same thing . this particular couple have meet and fall in love over stargazing , and then over time they just stop . eventually the relationship stall , until one night he take she out stargazing . next thing you know they be get marry . schmidt you want we to go stargazing ? * * + eh + HH hhh HH % 4/20/13 66 . dr . murphy I want you to get back to you root . whatever you use to do together that make you close , do that . reforge the bond . ext . parking lot - later Zook 's muscle car drive on two wheel . jenko stand out of the passenger window , whooping it up like a girl in a limo moon - roof on prom night . int . dorm room - evening Schmidt sit on he bed look at jenko 's empty bed . he get a text - Road trip with Zook to dtu . do not wait up . alan yang hey , we be gonna go get some yerba mate if you want one ? mike yang you could hold it like you absent roommate . schmidt do not you guy ever have work to do ? alan yang we already jamme through it . mike yang we take the same class so we can divide and conquer . alan yang it 's better to do thing together . int . zook 's muscle car - night Zook and jenko drive in silence . jenko reach for the radio . jenko you mind ? Zook nod and jenko lean over and put on the radio . he flip station until he hit something untz untz untzy . jenko ( cont 'd ) this work ? + eh 4/20/13 67 . zook sure , why would not it ? jenko grin ... finally , as they bob they head to the beat . int . cafe - night Schmidt stand on stage do slam poetry . schmidt Black and white ! Black and white ! the cookie have two side . different on top , but underneath , the same . int . party - night Zook and jenko party at a different college . they be drink , dance with girl , do karate kick ... intercut Schmidt on stage and jenko and Zook at the party . schmidt do you have a all black cookie ? do you have a all black cookie ? and then he go for the knife . at the party , a girl straddle jenko and unbutton she button from the top down . jenko baby you be a naughty girl . party girl oh ... be you my daddy ? jenko no . you daddy be you daddy . party girl huh ? jenko start rebuttone she button . schmidt the knife cut . it dissect . until all that 's leave be alabaster . alone. abandon . delicious ? no . int . zook 's room - zeta house Zook and jenko wearily return from the road trip . 4/20/13 jenko dude , that be a epic night . I should head back to the dorm . zook yo , be meaning to ask you ... my roommate be overseas this semester . his bed 's open if you want it . jenko ( excited ) really ? ( beat , think ) no , I should stay with Doug . zook look , loyalty 's cool . just do not let it hold you back . jenko what do you mean ? zook I mean this be you tribe . you belong here . and he do not . we could do great thing together , but you can not be weigh down by a guy with seventeen pocket . sometimes you gotta cut the anchor and fly . ext . roof - night jenko arrive to find Schmidt set up a telescope . jenko what 's all this ? schmidt check it out . jenko look through the telescope to see Zook on he phone he room about forty yard away . jenko be you serious ? ( beat ) this feel creepy . schmidt it 's not creepy , it 's police work . I know he 's you friend , and I know you do not want he to be guilty , but right now he 's all we have get . + eh 4/20/13 69 . jenko I be with he all the time , he 's never do anything . schmidt that 's because you be always with he . he have to think no one 's watch . jenko hesitates a beat , then sit . Schmidt open a thermos . schmidt ( cont 'd ) coffee ? jenko sure . time pass via overlapping shot of they reforging the bond later . jenko ( cont 'd ) my human sexuality course really open my eye . you know I use gay slur in high school ? schmidt yeah , at I . jenko how're thing go with Maya ? schmidt great . like , l-word great . jenko no ... jenko punch Schmidt in the arm a few time , l-wordingly . later . jenko ( cont 'd ) oh shit dude , look at you face ! jenko ( cont 'd ) hey , you know how you biggest regret be not come to college ? my biggest regret be have to quit play football . this past few week have be the best few week of my life . it 's like be a cop , only better . + h HH hf 4/20/13 70 . schmidt right , but we be cop . that 's what 's real . jenko I know . I just wish there be a way for all this to be real . jenko 's phone ring . jenko ( cont 'd ) ( into phone , eye wide ) yo. what 's up Z00k ? Schmidt get up and eye Zook through the telescope . zook hey bro , listen , I have be think about what you say about need money for school . I be in the same boat but I have get it all work out . I just talk to my guy , I be gonna see if he could hook you up . schmidt what 's he say ? jenko you sure ? zook yeah man , definitely . hang on . schmidt what 's he say ? Zook try to click over to another call . zook hello ? jenko still I . zook fuck , hang on ... ( beat ) hey , I have get the thing , meet I in twenty . jenko it 's still I . 4/20/13 71 . zook Fucking call -wait . it 's impossible ! jenko I know , right ! zook hold on . ( beat ) I be on my way . and before you say it , relax , nobody 's gonna know what it be , even if they see it . jenko even if they see what ? zook damnit , Brad I nil call you later . Zook hang up and jenko look at Schmidt , visibly upset . schmidt what would he say ? ext . campus - night Schmidt and jenko tail Zook across campus , follow he to the back of the library . in the light they see he 's carry the wrap up package we see in the attic in he hand . schmidt I tell you he be the dealer . Zook look around to see if anyone see he , then lift open a window with a break latch and climb inside . int . library - moment later Schmidt tumble in through the window , landing with a smack in the close library , dimly light by emergency exit sign . jenko shhh ... int . stack - library Schmidt and jenko track Zook to the pitch black stack . as Zook move , motion - sensor light click on and off . they move to follow , but set off the light , and stop . 4/20/13 72. jenko ( whisper ) slow . schmidt if we go too slow we ’1ll lose he . jenko ( irritate ) I know what I be do . they reach a corner where they see Zook talk to someone half - hide on the other side of the stack . schmidt who 's he talk to ? Schmidt lean on a magazine rack , strain to see . jenko stay back . jenko push Schmidt back and Schmidt knock over the opposite rack , make a huge racket and activate the light . Zook and whoever he 's with hear the noise , see the light , and run in different direction . jenko ( cont 'd ) shit . jenko jump over the rack and take off after the other person as Schmidt scramble to he foot only to slip again . by the time Schmidt get up , there be shifting two set of light pop on and off . Schmidt pick one and pursue . the light pop on to reveal people hide amongst the stack . jenko turn a corner and pass a young couple making out . jenko ( cont 'd ) sorry . Nice work , buddy . Schmidt head down another row , the light pop on and he see a guy in a track suit masturbate to National geographic . schmidt ( as he run by ) you should check out the internet . Schmidt track the direction of the light and double back . 4/20/13 73. schmidt ( cont 'd ) there be a couple great site I could recommend . on jenko as he keep barely miss the guy he 's chase . back to Schmidt , as the progression of activate motion detector head right at he , he wait , then run forward and collide head on with jenko , who send Schmidt fly . Schmidt roll around , moan in pain , as jenko search for activate light , but there be only darkness . jenko damnit ! jenko turn to scream at Schmidt for be a idiot , and see the package Zook bring into the library , lie abandon in he panicked flight from detection . Schmidt and jenko eye each other , take in the moment , then Schmidt grab it and rip open the package to reveal ... a dildo . a big , pink , veiny , dildo . schmidt what the fuck ? jenko it 's a dildo . schmidt I see it 's a dildo , I just do not know why it 's a dildo . they both stare at it a beat . schmidt ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's the raw chemical of the drug in the shape of a dildo . he say if someone see it they would not know what they be look at . jenko I be look at a dildo . schmidt exactly . ( he smell it ) ugh , it smell like the inside of darth vader 's mask . * * 4/20/13 74 . jenko taste it . schmidt what ? jenko you be the one who think it 's the drug . lick it . see if taste like drug . schmidt Fine . Schmidt look around , see nobody in sight and lick it . jenko well ? schmidt I can not tell . jenko give it to I . Schmidt hand jenko the dildo and he lick it . jenko ( cont 'd ) it taste like rubber . schmidt maybe it 's inside ? ( beat ) bite it . jenko you bite it . int . security room - same time a old security guard sit at a bank of monitor , head cocked as he watch Schmidt , the dildo flopping around in Schmidt 's hand as he try to get jenko to bite it . old security guard I be bear fifty year too early . int . dorm room - later that night Schmidt lie in he bed , jenko lie in he . % 4/20/13 75 . schmidt that night in the attic must have spook he . I bet he know he be be follow and switch the package . jenko all the more reason you need to take a step back . he 's talk about get I in with the supplier . I should spend as much time with he as I can right now . schmidt ( bum ) yeah , okay . ext . town - day Schmidt and he parent walk through the small college town . annie what do you mean he 's not come ? schmidt it 's for the case . annie case , shmase , we be he fake family , he should be with we . they walk by a banner advertize a art show . it show a picture of a painting of Schmidt , naked , in the atlas pose . david be that you ...? schmidt it 's Fred Savage . he 's in a play . int . restaurant the Schmidt 's arrive inside to find Maya sit at a booth in the corner . she smile brightly and wave they over . annie oh , schmidty ... she 's beautiful . schmidt Doug . and I know , so do not blow this for I . +e * hf + h hk +e % 4/20/13 76 . david do not worry , we have be rehearse all week . schmidt rehearsing what ? david we character . schmidt ( frantic , whisper ) dad ! you be not undercover , you do not need a fake identity -- hi ! he give Maya a chaste peck on the lip as he and he parent slide in on the other side of the booth . maya it 's so nice to finally meet you ! david ay lassie . I name , angus , angus mcquaid . and I have get a whole lest of stow - ree to tell ye . Schmidt 's head fall . annie g'day miss , Annie dundee . I moit have merried a Scot but oy be one hundred percent Australian I be . maya wow ! Doug do not tell I you be -- schmidt about to get stab in the crotch ? maya foreign . ( look past they ) my parent be here . Maya jump up and greet she parent at the door with a warm embrace , and Schmidt turn and see dickson and he Amy -poehler -look wife . Schmidt and dickson lock eye and dickson 's smile turn into Ice -cubian wrath . dickson oh , hell no . Schmidt 's jaw drop , stunne , terrify , speechless . + fh fh ff HH F ff HH fh fh fhhh ff % 4/20/13 77 . maya dad , you have not even meet he . dickson no . no way . this be not happen . annie Excuse may ... do you av a problem with yaw daughter dating moy boy ? schmidt Mom , cool it . dickson I have a huge problem . annie you do not even know ‘em . dickson oh , I know he . schmidt Mom , chill . annie why , because he 's woit ? dickson 's wife what the hell do you think I be ? annie so it 's because he 's a Jew ! dickson Lady you have no idea what you be talk about . annie I know a anti-semite when I see one . dickson focus in on Schmidt . dickson you a dead man . maya dad , calm down ! annie be you threaten he ? David , kick he ass ! 4/20/13 78. david we do not rehearse this . schmidt Mom ! annie ( lose Australian accent ) kick he ass ! defend you boy ! david ( similarly accentless ) I do not think that 's a good idea . dickson why ? because I be a angry black man ? david that 's definitely part of it . dickson I 'ma kill all you motherfucker . dickson 's wife ( dismissive ) calm down , Eugene . have a drink . int . applebee 's - same time jenko sit with Zook and he parent eat burger and drink beer . Zook 's dad be rip and handsome , he mom be a MILF , and everyone be have the time of they life . int . restaurant - a few minute later back with the schmidt and dickson . Maya be livid . dickson baby , you do not understand . maya no , you do not understand . you be completely out of control . this be why we do not talk anymore . this be why you do not know the first thing about I . dickson Maya , that 's not true . he hhh ok % 4/20/13 79 . maya oh yeah ? who 's my favorite artist ? what movie always make I cry ? what 's my biggest fear ? who be my childhood hero ? ( beat ) you do not know a single answer , do you ? dickson be silent , heartbroken as he realize she 's right . maya ( cont 'd ) someone who love I would know all of they . Maya storm out , and Schmidt watch she through the window as jenko , Zook and Zook 's parent ride by in a convertible , all laugh and blast jenko music . int . jump STREET headquarters - day Schmidt and jenko sit with dickson and the other officer . schmidt Captain , we should talk about Maya . dickson shut up . schmidt I have no idea she be -- dickson shut up ! the drug have go off campus . the father of a student get bust with it . he 's a air traffic controller . he work a double shift . the first shift he land plane more efficiently than anyone ever before . the second shift he put the plane in a conga line from Miami to Cuba . ( beat ) you guy be fail . schmidt we be close . the other night we nearly have the supplier . dickson but you miss he . and do it ever occur to you to check to see if the library have security camera ? + h HH hf * % * 4/20/13 80 . Schmidt and jenko eye each other . dickson ( cont 'd ) well it occur to I . dickson touch a flat-screen tv . schmidt still not a touch screen . dickson unfortunately the front door camera be break , so we do not get the supplier on they way out . but we do get the one from the stack . schmidt oh , shit . dickson get it start and the tv show audio-less video of * Schmidt hold the dildo , alone because of the angle . * Schmidt put the dildo to he mouth and lick it . burn * what the fuck ? schmidt jenko be do it too . jenko shake he head , no way , as Schmidt wave the dildo around , then put the dildo in he mouth and nibble on it . fugazy * whoa ! watch the tooth ! schmidt that 's evidence . dickson evidence of what exactly ? Schmidt bite the tip right off the dildo . JR . JR . who the hell teach you how to suck a dick ? on screen , Schmidt spit out a chunk of dildo as dickson * stop the dvd and turn to Schmidt and jenko . 4/20/13 81 . dickson hardy 's give you a week to close the case . otherwise you do . with the case and with jump Street . ext . quad - night Schmidt and Maya sit on a bench . maya I be so sorry about my dad . schmidt do not apologize . maya he never use to be like that . my mom say it 's he job . she say I should never , ever date a cop . Schmidt squirm . maya ( cont 'd ) look , I need to tell you something and there 's no easy way to say it . schmidt be you gonna dump I ? maya what ? no. ( beat ) remember the night we sleep together ? schmidt of course . i’1l never forget not remember it . maya well , when we get back to my room you be really drunk ... flashback to : a * % int . maya 's bedroom - night Maya lead a stumbling Schmidt into the room . maya oh thank God , she 's not here . 4/20/13 82. schmidt who ? maya you mom . schmidt she life here ? Schmidt collapse backwards onto the bed . so drunk . maya I be take you shoe off . schmidt you be take you top off ? maya something like that . schmidt wait , wait , before we do anything , I have something to show you . Schmidt pull a handful of condom out of he pocket . maya whoa ! you be one presumptuous freshman . he tear open a condom wrapper . schmidt watch . watch . Maya squint , gross out at that he 's about to pull he pants down , but instead he put the condom in he mouth and blows up a condom balloon animal . which leak ... schmidt ( cont 'd ) shit. sss’hole . he blow up another , it leak , too . he look in he pocker . schmidt ( cont 'd ) I just learn something . never keep you condom in the same pocket as you thumb tack . Maya laugh at he . schmidt ( cont 'd ) I do not think we can use this . 4/20/13 83. maya ( mock he ) oh no ... guess we will just have to raw dog it . schmidt what ? we be gonna make a baby ? Les make a baby . Les make twin . Les -- Schmidt pass out and Maya stare at he , stunne . end flashback : ext . quad - night Schmidt look at Maya , in shock . schmidt we never do it ? Maya shake she head . maya talk to I . be you mad ? hurt ? schmidt why would you do that to I ? maya I do not know ... I be upset that you have all that condom , like just because we have fun together at a party it just entitle you to have sex with I . it 's like woman have completely lose the battle of the sex . the way I dress , the way I talk , it 's all absurdly oversexualized just so I can get guy attention . and I be sorry I lie , and I be sorry it take I this long to tell you the truth , but I be have so much fun be with you and take thing slow and actually have a little romance . schmidt but you could have have all that anyway . why do you have to lie ? + HH hhh hhh hf hhh HH of % 4/20/13 84 . maya because I be afraid if I tell you the truth you have think I be a prude . because the truth be I have never sleep with anyone . Schmidt stare at she , dumbfounded . schmidt wow . over Maya 's shoulder , Schmidt see zook , walk across the quad with another package in he hand . schmidt ( cont 'd ) fuck . Maya , I gotta go . maya you what ? be you kid ? after what I just tell you ? schmidt I be sorry . I just . I have to . maya if you walk away right now you will basically confirm every darkest fear I have ever have about man . schmidt ( flustered , no choice ) I be sorry . Schmidt walk away after Zook . ext . chemistry build - day Schmidt wait across the lawn , hide behind some bush . there 's a rustling noise , and jenko arrive . jenko this better be good . schmidt Zook go inside with another package . int . hallway outside laboratory Schmidt and jenko tip toe down a dark hallway . +e * hf * * +e hf % 4/20/13 85 . jenko this be stupid . he 's not the guy ! schmidt yes he be . he think nobody be watch and he make he move . int . chem lab Schmidt and jenko step in and flick on the light to reveal ... mercede straddle zook on top of a smooth black countertop . schmidt ahaoohmygod ! zook dude , what the fuck ? mercede roll off Zook and pull down she skirt . jenko I think you have a girlfriend ? zook I do . but I dumped she . she be great and all , but mercede do thing she could never do . mercede I have a very particular set of skill . schmidt what be you do here ? zook mercede think it 's hotter to do it in crazy place . we do it ona pile of food court fish stick once . what be you guy do here ? Schmidt eye the chemistry glassware . schmidt we be have a beaker party . jenko we need beaker . jenko grab a pair of glass jar call erlenmeyer flask . mercede that be erlenmeyer . % +e * hf 4/20/13 86 . jenko we will bring ‘em back . zook whatever . just do not get too drunk . that guy I be tell you about be a college scout and he 's gonna be at practice tomorrow . schmidt he 's what ? zook he get I a scholarship to usc . he say he could get you one too . so stay sharp . schmidt ( eyeing Zook 's hand ) what be you hold ? Zook pull he hand out to reveal a pink dildo . Schmidt gag . zook I tell you she 's crazy . Dog in the bun , pink in the stink . Schmidt double gag . schmidt oh ... oh god ... CUT to : int . bathroom Schmidt be perch over a toilet , try to vomit . jenko dude , stop . schmidt we lick poop . jenko it be three day ago ! schmidt I do not care ! 4/20/13 87 . jenko stop ! Schmidt stop and they lean against the wall of the stall . schmidt you be right the whole time . the mask be for pledge night . the package be to get laid . his big hookup be actually a scout . everything we think we know be wrong . Schmidt shake he head , then it hit he . schmidt ( cont 'd ) anchore . it 's fuck anchore . ( off jenko 's confusion ) mercede say Cynthia get what be come to she . and Zook stop do why phy after Cynthia die . jenko that 's right . schmidt the picture be not what it seem . jenko how could a picture not be what it seem ? it 's a picture . flashback to : dickson 's office - where dickson show they the photograph . dickson ( point at the tattoo ) that 's the dealer . we zoom in on the photograph , and suddenly it come to life . ext . football stadium both Zook and Cynthia 's hand be on the pack of pill , but as the action roll it 's Cynthia hand the drug to Zook . cynthia have fun , buddy . * 4/20/13 88. zook thanks , cyn . back to present : int . dickson 's office - day Schmidt and jenko pause the security tape for a stunne dickson so Cynthia be the dealer ? ( they nod ) and she 's dead . ( they nod again ) how the fuck you suppose to infiltrate the dealer if she 's dead ? schmidt exactly . dickson how do you figure this all out ? schmidt College . we be suppose to question everything , but we take for grant that the dealer have the tattoo because you say so . it 's call anchore . it 's when you rely too heavily on the first piece of information you hear . like when Maya say we have sex but we actually never do . dickson wait , what !? schmidt it 's a long story . dickson oh my God . oh my God . it 's like I can breath again . ( he leap up ) I have to thank Korean Jesus . dickson leave . jenko what do we do ? + fh hhh HH fh % + HH hhh HH 4/20/13 89 . Schmidt look at jenko for a long beat , then steel himself . schmidt we go straight to the supplier . jenko but dickson say -- schmidt fuck what dickson say . and fuck do the same thing . we be in unchart territory now . we have to do the one thing we have never really do before . ( beat ) Police work . jenko but we be no good at police work . we be good at look marginally young than we real age . schmidt jenk , it 's logic 101 . we problem be we be use inductive reason off the faulty premise that Zook be the dealer . we need to use deductive reason . int . dorm room - day Schmidt continue as we see they spread out a map of campus . schmidt forget i.d.ing the supplier directly . whoever it be have to make the stuff somewhere . we find where he cook , we find the supplier . ( point at the map ) there 's the chem lab , the dining hall , fraternity kitchen . there be ten thousand student , but only a hundred or so place to cook the drug . we can check most of they . jenko there 's not enough time . schmidt we gotta try . jenk , please . just give I a few more day and we will find they , I know it . % + eh * % + eh 4/20/13 90 . jenko nod , reluctantly . montage we see Schmidt and jenko check the possible cook site on the campus , find nothing , then crossing they off the map . we see jenko in class get back a test from Professor Jacobs . Professor Jacobs have write , '' much better , Mr. mcquaid '' above a grade of bt . Schmidt call Maya as he check another kitchen , but she do not answer . we see Schmidt and jenko realize they be not make fast enough progress through the list of kitchen . we see jenko at a football game , make huge hit . we see a frustrated Schmidt in astronomy class . professor how do astronomer detect black hole if they be unable to see they ? they do not ! what they detect be visible phenomenon that can only be explain by the existence of a nearby black hole . to see the unseeable , you must look for something visible that prove the presence of the invisible . Schmidt cock he head . schmidt Holy shit ... int . locker room — day jenko sit in he uniform at halftime . Zook walk over with the scout . zook Brad , this be that scout I be tell you about . scout you be quite the player , son . I just speak with the coach at usc . told he I like what I be see . 4/20/13 gl . zook can you imagine , you and I in so Cal , kick ass at the Rose bowl ? scout ( to jenko ) you put together another half like the one I just see , it 's not a matter of if , it 's when . int . HEATING and cooling facility - same time Schmidt stand with a maintenance worker , scrolling through data on a computer monitor . Schmidt suddenly point at something on the screen . int . locker room jenko get text from Schmidt - breakthrough ! need you ! now ! jenko fuck . zook what 's up ? jenko my brother ! ( grit tooth , groan ) I will be back in ten . zook be you serious ? jenko race out of the locker room , still in he uniform . zook ( cont ’d ) he 's kill you . cut the cord ! int . back room - pharmacy - student health CENTER - day Schmidt eye a bunch of idle burner , as jenko click - clack up to he still wear he cleat . jenko what 's so fuck important you have to pull I out of a game ? 4/20/13 92 . schmidt we be never go to find anything because whoever 's make the drug clean up the evidence . it 's invisible . we need to look for what they can not clean up . I check the campus gas usage and this be the one place that have the type of off- hour usage spike that only make sense if this where they cook the drug . the doorknob on the door to the room turn , and Schmidt and jenko duck out of sight as someone come into the room . it 's the ghost and a quartet of thug . jenko ( whisper ) what the hell be he do here ? schmidt ( whisper ) he 's a distributor . the supplier must be take the drug off campus . whoever it be , they be about to walk through that door . we be about to solve this shit . jenko 's phone get a loud text from Zook - where be you ? the ghost and he goons look over in they direction . schmidt ( cont 'd ) shut it off ! jenko get another text - maybe you be not the guy I think you be . the ghost gesture for he goons to check it out , and two armed thug walk over to where Schmidt and jenko be hide . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( to the thug ) do you mind ? you be interrupt a rather stellar blowjob . the ghost what be it ? goon # 1 just a couple of faggot . 4/20/13 93. the ghost roll he eye and motion the goons to head back , but jenko stand up . jenko what do you call we ? schmidt ( to jenko ) what be you do ? goon # 1 he say you be suck he dick . jenko it 's 2013 , asshole . the F word be completely unacceptable . Gay , homosexual , possibly queer but it depend who 's talk . schmidt stop it ! the ghost what the hell be go on over there ? goon # 2 the gay boy be fight . jenko stop define people by they sexuality . if I wanna suck he dick I will suck he dick and that 's none of you god damn business . schmidt ignore he . he take one course on sexual identity and now he think he 's harvey milk . jenko Jesus , could you just once , be a man and have my back ? schmidt would you just once use you head ? jenko want I to use my head ? watch this . jenko head butt one of the goons with he helmet . the goon drop to the floor and jenko take off he helmet . 4/20/13 94 . jenko ( cont 'd ) ( to the ghost ) remember I ? I be the fuck terminator . the ghost you be cop . jenko that 's right , and you be all under arrest . the ghost do you have gun ? jenko what ? no. the ghost Cause I have gun . jenko why do not you put ‘em down and fight I like a man ? the ghost because I have gun . kill they . the goon by Schmidt and jenko reach for he gun but Schmidt kick he in the ball and he and jenko take off run . ext . student health CENTER Schmidt and jenko race out of the building follow by the ghost and he henchman . jenko pull Schmidt into a idling campus Security smart car . campus security hey ! int . smart car jenko start the engine and slip the car into drive . car chase but before they get anywhere , a massive hummer roar towards they and Schmidt pull jenko out of the car just as it 's pancaked beneath the 6,000 pound hummer . + HH * 4/20/13 95 . Schmidt and jenko run off through the maze- like path , the hummer give chase behind they . as they run , they argue . schmidt why the fuck do you do that ? jenko I be sorry , but I have a problem with homophone . schmidt we be about to catch the supplier and you fuck it up . jenko if you do not say something people will never stop discriminate . they round the corner of a building and spy a idling atv use by the campus gardening crew . they hop into the atv and Schmidt gun the engine . car chase ? no . before they get anywhere , the hummer appear from out of nowhere and jenko pull Schmidt out of the atv just as it 's pancaked beneath the 6,000 pound hummer . Schmidt and jenko run off once more , weaving in between the building on a path too narrow for the hummer to follow . schmidt we need a bigger car . or do you have a problem with the oil and gas industry ? jenko no. but I 'il tell you what I do have a issue with ? schmidt this oughtta be good . jenko the war on drug . schmidt oh for fuck 's sake . jenko so we kill or catch this ghost guy and someone else will just pop up in he place . what 's the point ? ( more ) 4/20/13 96 . jenko ( cont 'd ) do catch Walters solve anything ? and what about Eric ? he be go to go to Berkeley . schmidt so we should just let people sell drug to kid at school ? let kid * overdose or jump off a building ? * jenko of course not . that 's why you have to legalize it . schmidt * legalize it ? be you insane ?? * they come out from between the building and come across a campus maintenance golf cart and jenko jump inside . schmidt ( cont 'd ) ( be : the golf cart ) * really ? like this be gonna work ? Schmidt climb in , as the hummer roar around a corner and the golf cart rocket out of its path . * schmidt ( cont 'd ) whoa. car chase ! jenko race the oddly fast cart through campus , * the hummer smash everything in its path as it pursue . * schmidt ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be in this thing ? just as it look like the hummer be go to overtake the cart , jenko spin the wheel and head towards a gap between two building that 's roughly half the size of the cart . schmidt ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? jenko gun it . schmidt ( cont 'd ) we will never fit . stop ! stop ! stop ! just before they crash , jenko do whatever it be one do to * get a car onto two wheel , a trick he learn from Zook . * the golf cart obey jenko 's command , bump onto two wheel and squeezing in between the building . 4/20/13 97 . behind they , the hummer stop short , stick on the other side as jenko emerge from the building , drop the car back down to four wheel and drive they away to safety . ext . football stadium the golf cart screech to a stop and jenko eye the scoreboard , which show the start of the fourth quarter . jenko fuck , fuck , fuck . schmidt we will catch that guy , do not worry . jenko that 's not why I be upset . the scout be here today . he be about to offer I a scholarship to usc . schmidt what be you talk about ? you can not be a cop and play for usc ? jenko I know . schmidt but what about we ? we be partner . jenko you do not need I . it be always I who need you . and it 's only because of you that I realize I can do this . but c’mon man , you never need I , you be the smart one . if you have the money you could have go to college and ace it . schmidt you do not understand . I lie about my parent not have money for college . I go but I do not last five minute . that 's why they offer to wait when they drop we off . I could not bring myself to go because high school be so bad I do not want to be on the outside look in again . so I try to be a cop , but I fail at that too . % + h HH hf + HH hhh HH 4/20/13 98 . jenko what be you talk about ? we pass the first time . schmidt you pass it the first time . I fail the physical six time . I do not pass until you show up and help I . jenk , you say it yourself , we be exactly the shit - kick badass we want to be . you be gonna throw that away to play football ? jenko it 's not just football . it 's college . for real . nobody in my family 's ever have that chance . ( beat ) I do not want to have to choose , but if I do I be gonna choose usc . jenko turn and run towards the player 's entrance , but a swarm of campus police block he path and the one whose smart car they steal point a finger at they and nod . int . campus security build - day Schmidt and jenko sit , handcuff together , not talk . in a office , dickson be bark at by campus Security . int . maya 's apartment - day Maya answer she door to see a very somber look Schmidt . maya what do you want ? schmidt I have to tell you something . maya that you be a cop ? ( off he surprise ) my father call I . Schmidt sigh , relieved she know the truth . schmidt I fuck thing up so badly they be pull I out school . ( more ) +e % + HH HH hk + HH HH * * 4/20/13 schmidt ( cont 'd ) and I be get demote . but that 's not what I want to tell you . Maya shrug , not expect much . schmidt ( cont 'd ) that night , when you pretend we have sex ? I be not upset that you be still a virgin , I be upset because I be still a virgin too . 99 . Maya 's stunne . whatever she be expect , this be not it . schmidt ( cont 'd ) God , I be such a fuck screw up . I think by come to college I could finally get a chance to grow up . to stand on my own two foot and be a man . but like everything I else I try to do I fail . Maya look at Schmidt , and laugh . schmidt ( cont 'd ) you be laugh at I ? maya of course I be laugh at you . you be kind of a piece of shit , but not because you be not a man . I mean , you show you weird - look ball to a roomful of stranger . and you just tell I that you be the actual 40 - year - old virgin . schmidt I be 29 . maya ( ick out ) oy. ( beat ) Point be , you be not just a man , you be one of the bravest man I know . schmidt so you and I be good ? maya no , we be not good ! you be a cop . you be 29 . and I do not even know you real name . +e HH oh * + h hk + HH HH + eh 4/20/13 100 . schmidt Morton Schmidt . maya no ... ( he nod ) God , that 's ... who come up with that ? schmidt my parent ? Maya get up and open the door . maya Goodbye , Morton . you keep be honest and true to yourself and I be sure thing will work out for you . we come in close on Schmidt as she word sink into he brain . int . dorm room - night jenko pack up he stuff . Zook arrive at the door . jenko hey man . listen , I be really sorry about flaking today . zook I will not lie , that really suck . but hey , it all work out in the end , right ? jenko what do you mean ? zook you brother do not tell you ? Schmidt walk into the room , jenko look at he , confuse . zook ( cont ’d ) Doug talk to the scout . I do not know what he say , but it solve everything . you be in , man . we be go to usc ! jenko eye Schmidt in disbelief and turn to Zook . jenko hey , can you give we a second ? +e hf ff % * + eh 4/20/13 101 . zook Word . but hustle up , my dad 's outside wait to give we a ride . Zook leave . jenko what do you tell he ? schmidt the truth . that I be a cop , that it be my fault that you miss the second half and that you be the most honest , decent , hard - work college kid I have ever meet . ( beat ) do not hurt that you have all four year of eligibility and can run a four-six forty . jenko be stunne . jenko you be sure about this ? schmidt of course I be sure . you be my best friend . and I would never hold you back from anything . jenko I do not know what to say . ( beat ) I be sorry we could not catch the ghost . schmidt hey , at least we expose the lab . thing will calm down for a bit and then the next guy will catch ‘em . jenko you gonna be okay ? schmidt I be good , man . i’1ll go back to the duck pond , get a new partner and work my way back to the top . ( beat ) kick ass at usc , okay ? jenko you bet . + eh + eh + h hk % 4/20/13 102. they slap hand and hug it out . * ext . campus - day * Schmidt 's parent wait by they suburban as Schmidt exit the dorm . he walk by the Yang brother . Alan hold a ukulele . * alan yang you be really leave ? Schmidt nod . mike yang that 's as sad as it be predictable . schmidt can I ask you guy a question ? what happen to poncho and burbank after they move out . alan yang oh , poncho 's do great . he end * up in grad school . and burbank ... * mike yang no clue . * alan yang yeah , who care about burbank that * guy fuck suck . * Schmidt 's shoulder slump . * alan yang ( cont ’d ) * we be really go to miss you . mike yang * we write you a song , to show you how much . schmidt please do not play it . Alan Yang start strumm the chord of my my , hey hey . alan yang Doug be go , but he 's not * forget . mike yang his undershirt be absorbent cotton . 4/20/13 103. Schmidt walk past they and climb into the suburban . int . dickson 's office - jump STREET headquarters - day Schmidt step in hold he clean - out-his -desk box . dickson I be not get nothing to say to you . schmidt I have something to say to you . dickson if you say my daughter 's name i’11 -- schmidt Maya . dickson get the fuck out of my office . schmidt no. dickson no ? schmidt no ! I be not afraid of you . and I 'il tell you something else . ( beat ) Monet , armageddon , snake and you . dickson what the fuck be you talk about ? schmidt Maya 's favorite artist , the movie that make she cry , she biggest fear , and she childhood hero . Monet , armageddon , snake and you . that 's right , it be you , but you fuck it up . Cause you be a dick . Schmidt take he box and walk out of jump Street . montage my my , hey hey play as jenko and Zook arrive at usc , so excited . they be introduce to dozen of Zook / jenko type . 4/20/13 104 . Schmidt report back to hardy and receive he bike and be introduce to he new partner : josh , the cop that screw up they first bust . josh be enthusiastic , Schmidt be not . * jenko and Zook set up they much cooler usc dorm room . Zook lift up the mini-fridge and jenko step over to help . * zook * I get it , bro . * jenko look maybe a little disappointed he can not help . * Schmidt and josh stand with they bike order sandwich and josh go back and forth , unable to decide what he want . * jenko and Zook be at a restaurant stare at the bill . jenko be you suppose to tip twenty * percent or eighty percent ? Schmidt * use to do this part . * zook I do not know . I usually just ditch . Zook get up and look around . jenko you what ? ( Zook run out ) wait . you can not ... shit . * jenko pull out money and pay the entire bill . * Schmidt fan himself in the shade beneath a tree . josh sit next to he wear a jacket shiver . Schmidt Facebook stalk Maya : go to havasu next month ! so psyched ! time pass ... int . zook 's car - day Zook drive and jenko sit beside he . jenko why 's mercede stay in a hotel ? * zook I do not know , she say there be * shit she have to take care of . * jenko * in a hotel ? * 4/20/13 105 . zook ( beat ) you think she have ever cheat on I ? jenko shake he head , no way , then flip on the radio . after a few untz , untz , untze he change the dial . Zook say nothing . jenko spin the dial again , again no response . jenko how come you never want to pick what 's on the radio ? zook what ? jenko you never care what 's on the radio . zook I do not know . who care , right ? ( beat , eyeing jenko ) you alright ? jenko yeah , I be fine . they drive along for a bit , then jenko spin the dial and total eclipse of the heart come on . jenko chuckle . jenko ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) turn around . Zook eye he like he have six head . jenko ( cont 'd ) turn around ... dude , sing the other part . zook no way . jenko c'mon , it will be fun . zook no . sing both part if you want , I do not care . jenko scrunches up he face , unsure . jenko ...- bit nervous that the best of all the year have go by turn around ! * 4/20/13 106. it 's impossible to sing both part , but jenko soldier on . jenko ( cont 'd ) every now and then I get a little bit terrify and then I see the look in you eye , turn around bright eye , every now and then ... jenko stop , annoyed . jenko ( cont 'd ) it do not work by yourself . zook so do not do it . Zook turn off the radio as he stop in front of a hotel . zook ( cont ’d ) c'mon . int . HOTEL lobby jenko and Zook enter the lobby . jenko I gotta take a leak . int . men 's room jenko head to the sink and splashes water on he face . a Richard grieco-look man , booker , step into the bathroom , eye the stall and lock the door behind he . jenko ( cont 'd ) do I just do a wide - stance thing ? because that be not my inten -- booker buddy , I know what you be go through . jenko what ? booker jump Street ? I be Dennis booker ! do not you recognize I ? jenko ( shake he head ) maybe take the mask off . 4/20/13 booker what mask ? ( awkward beat ) look , I know how hard it can be to go undercover . I fuck it all up . I think I could be a bigger deal on my own , so I go solo . biggest regret of my life . I never should have ditch my team . there be this other guy , he stay , and he life really take off . you probably know he , Tom hanson ? ( off jenko 's shock ) I bet he 's into some deep undercover shit , right ? jenko yeah ... he 's definitely deep underground . look I gotta go . booker hey , hey ... if you ever need anyone , I be like , available . jenko gently nudge he aside and unlock the door . booker ( cont 'd ) ( as jenko leave ) I ‘’1l do anything . anything ! int . HOTEL lobby 107 . Zook walk off , and a second later the elevator door open to reveal mercede , stand next to the ghost , who 's flanke by half a dozen goons . jenko hide behind a plant . mercede do not worry about supply . I can cook up as much as we need . and with usc cover , I have dealer at ten college . all I need be distribution . the ghost that be what I do . mercede good . see you at Lake havasu , dad . mercede give he a hug and walk out past the hide jenko . + HH HH hhh HH hf +e % * 4/20/13 108. ext . duck pond - day Schmidt stand , bored . josh sit , pick he nose . jenko walk up wear he usc jersey . jenko what 's up guy ? schmidt jenk ! the two have a awkward hug and josh offer a meek wave . jenko so how 's it go ? schmidt ( beat , decide to lie ) it 's go amazing . I mean , I be not sure about josh at first . josh examine he booger and stick it on Schmidt 's bike . schmidt ( cont 'd ) but , you know , he 's actually a fantastic cop . jenko oh yeah ? schmidt yeah . we have make like way more arrest than you and I be make . we be like best friend . josh we be ? schmidt shut the fuck up , josh . I be just kid , you be awesome . jenko force a smile . jenko that 's cool . I be happy for you . schmidt how're you , man ? jenko I be great . football , school , it 's all great . ( more ) 4/20/13 109 . jenko ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) listen , I come by because I find the supplier . schmidt you do ? jenko yeah , it 's mercede . schmidt what ? jenko and the ghost be she father . schmidt that explain a lot , actually . jenko do not it ? the two of they be go to havasu to set up a massive distribution network . schmidt Holy shit . jenko I be think we could , I do not know , like go there and , you know , bring down the whole thing . schmidt we ? jenko if you want . schmidt what about school ? jenko I be off . ( off Schmidt 's look ) it 's spring break . int . blackhawk helicopter - night Schmidt and jenko be deck out like member of seal team 6 and a 1 / 2 . jenko you ready to do this shit ? * 4/20/13 110. Schmidt pop a clip into he m - 16 . schmidt lock and load motherfucker ! jenko schmidt hooah ! hooah ! * int . schmidt 's suburban - day we see that we be just watch a dream Schmidt be have * in the back seat next to jenko . Annie and David be up front . * schmidt ( asleep , drool ) hooah ... annie oh , schmidty . int . jump STREET headquarters - day josh walk he bike inside . josh I have a message for a Captain * dickson ? * int . cheap motel - day Schmidt and jenko gear up , spring break style . they apply suntan lotion . * schmidt you miss you neck . * Schmidt help jenko put lotion on he neck . * jenko * thanks . * they put gun in they waistband and pop on sunglass . * ext . lake havasu - spring break - day we zoom in over the most epic spring break party ever record on camera . jenko and Schmidt tail mercede , jenko in * a swimsuit , Schmidt in a T-shirt and cargo short . 4/20/13 111. schmidt if there be drug at she meeting with the ghost and the dealer we can get all of they at once . mercede hop onto a jet ski and Schmidt and jenko climb onto two other and follow she out towards a huge party boat . ext . party boat the boat be impossibly crowded with drunken reveler . Schmidt and jenko follow mercede into a downstairs cabin . int . downstair cabin they enter a room fill with row of woman in bikinis cooking up batch of why phy . schmidt bingo . jenko nod to a second door towards the back of the room . jenko c'mon . they walk up and look through the cabin door window to see mercede , the ghost and a bunch of college kid . jenko ( cont 'd ) must be the dealer . you ready ? schmidt let 's do it . int . back room - downstair cabin Schmidt and jenko burst inside , gun draw , but six huge thug emerge from behind they , with bigger gun draw . the ghost Drop you gun ! Schmidt and jenko drop they gun as they take in the room and see the Yang brother among the dealer . schmidt you guy be dealer ? + eh 4/20/13 112. alan yang duh , why phy 's the shit . it make we so focus . mike yang and then make we so disco . mercede Zip it , yang . ( to Schmidt and jenko ) be this really you entire plan ? you two might be the worst cop in the history of the world . schmidt maybe . or maybe we know that the best information come from line of sight intel . and maybe my partner have a tracking device in he pocket . jenko uh , Schmidt ? schmidt maybe as we speak there be multiple cop rappelling down the side of the boat , ready to smash in the window and arrest all of you . alan yang yeah sure , this two can not agree on breakfast , let alone plan a raid . jenko uh , Schmidt ? schmidt what !? jenko I do not bring the tracking device . schmidt what ? jenko my bathing suit do not have pocket . I think you bring it . schmidt be you fuck kid ? he hhh hhh hk +e * hf % 4/20/13 113. alan yang see ! classic poncho and burbank . mercede this guy be idiot . schmidt it 's true , my partner might be a little rough around the edge , but I assure you he 's not a idiot . jenko yeah , a idiot be someone who let two unarm cop blah blah blah until they back - up be in position . Schmidt pull a small black disk out of he pocket . schmidt hey , look at that , I do bring it . scarface ( raise he gun ) that be not no tracking device . jenko no ? then why be there little red dot on you chest ? everyone look and see two dot on scarface 's chest . scarface oh shit . schmidt ha , ha , fuck you , die . boom ! boom ! bullet shatter the window , and scarface drop down dead . dickson laser - sighted gun in hand , swing into the room . josh get catch in the rope he be hang from and end up dangle outside the boat . all hell break loose as the ghost and goons exchange fire with dickson , and Schmidt and jenko hide behind a table . a few foot away Alan and Mike Yang cower behind a couch . alan yang this be terrible . why do I let you talk I into this ? mike yang I ? this be all you idea . % + eh + eh * * a % 4/20/13 114. alan yang it be not . you finish my think before I could say deal be a -- mike yang terrific idea . alan yang terrible idea . God , I be so tired , of you , finish all - mike yang you thought ? that 's because you never let I go first . Schmidt and jenko watch from around the table . alan yang I never want to go first . mike yang you do not ? alan yang no . but I never say anything because it seem like we be always just suppose to agree on everything . mike yang it 's okay to disagree . we should have disagree more . alan yang from now on let 's agree to disagree . across the room , dickson have to reload , and mercede , the ghost and the remain thug race out of the room . dickson , Schmidt and jenko race after they , Schmidt and jenko grab they gun as they go . ext . MAIN deck upstair , Schmidt and jenko follow dickson as he push through the throng of gyrate kid . maya ( 0.s. ) dad ? dickson look up to see Maya at the far end of the deck . +e hf ff % 4/20/13 115. dickson mercede be Maya 's roommate . she 's gonna kidnap she . they always kidnap the daughter ! he race for Maya , lose she in the crowd until she reappear . dickson reach for she , but mercede materialize out of nowhere and put she gun to dickson 's head . mercede let 's go . dickson me? mercede slow and steady grandpa . maya daddy ! mercede lead dickson onto a idling jet ski and take off . on the other side of the boat , the ghost and he goons jump onto a wait speed boat . maya ( cont 'd ) ( to Schmidt and jenko ) that bitch have my dad ! schmidt Maya , it 's not safe . you should get below deck . maya be you deaf ? she 's get my dad . give I a gun . ( off he hesitation ) give I a motherfuck gun ! he reach into a cargo short pocket and pull out a gun . schmidt you know how to use it ? maya I be dickson 's daughter . I be probably better at it than you be . Maya grab the gun and take off on a jet ski . Schmidt and jenko get in a second speed boat . double water vehicle chase + eh % % +e * hf * * * 4/20/13 116. jet skis - mercede zip in and out of pocket of kid frolick in the water , as Maya follow in hot pursuit . speed boat - the ghost and he thug race across the water , firing at Schmidt and jenko who follow close behind . schmidt listen , I have to tell you something . ( beat ) I do not really like josh . jenko I think you be best friend ? schmidt no , I fuck hate he . I hate he so much . I hate that he get cold when it 's 71 degree out . I hate that it take he a hour and a half to order a sandwich . I hate that he get a little crinkle above he nose when he look at I like I be nut . ( beat ) I want you to be my partner again . not because I need you , because I like everything better with you . jenko start to respond , but gunfire cut he off . jet skis - mercede weave in and out of the boat clogging the narrowing channel , Maya zipping behind she . mercede look back at Maya and run aground on a sand bar . mercede Fucking , shitting , fuck . she push dickson off to drop weight , the jet ski lurch forward , and mercede 's face smack directly into a oar ! swung by Maya . mercede fly backwards off the jet ski and land on she back at Maya 's foot . Maya point she gun at she . maya do not fuck with my family . speed boat - Schmidt and jenko continue chase the ghost . 4/20/13 117 . jenko I have something to tell you too . you know how when the Zetas throw we in the trunk and we think we be gonna die ? schmidt yeah . jenko I figure out why I be so calm . it 's because if I have to die , I be okay die with you . schmidt really ? jenko really . I be a Yang and you be a yin , and I think I want to be the yang , but when you and I be together we make something even better than yang . we make yiang . the ghost speed into a bottleneck of boat and he and he henchman jump out and run across the boat top . Schmidt and jenko follow . schmidt so you will be my partner again ? jenko on one condition . schmidt anything . the bad guy shoot at they again . jenko I ’1l1 tell you when people be not shoot at we . as they run , the speedier jenko pull away from Schmidt , dodging the bikini clad woman in the boat as they go . schmidt Excuse I , pardon I ... ( be : a topless beauty ) that kind of behavior be not in you best interest . * * 4/20/13 118 . the ghost and he henchman reach the end of the logjam , where a series of hot AIR balloon be moor . the ghost climb into one , and the henchman begin untying the rope hold it down . he get the last rope untied right * as jenko reach the end of the logjam and jenko Pov slo - mo , as jenko enter he jock zone . everything go to black but he target , and we zip to full speed and jenko bury he shoulder in the henchman 's back . back to scene jenko drive the henchman into the ground , knock he out cold , but the ghost 's hot air balloon start to rise ! * schmidt ( cont 'd ) fuck ! fuck ! jenko race forward and do a patent jenko jump , leaping off a boat to a railing and grab the rope of the balloon , * think he can stop it from float away with he weight . * but he do not weigh enough and the balloon keep rise ! * jenko Schmidt ! Schmidt ! in a flash , Schmidt spring to action , racing forward for a jenko leap . it 's more schmenko than jenko as he hit the boat , ricochet off the railing and leap and grab jenkox legs ! the rope pull tight and the balloon descend ! together , * Schmidt and jenko weigh enough to anchor the balloon . jenko ( cont 'd ) * you anchore I ! you anchore I ! * they hit the ground , and jenko start pull the balloon * back down to Earth , hand over hand . as the ghost get closer , * he lean out of the balloon and aim he gun right at jenko . Schmidt leap to block the shot , the ghost fire , and Schmidt * fall three feet short of jenko ... * the bullet rip through jenko 's shoulder , he drop the rope , and the balloon begin to rise once more . * 4/20/13 jenko ( cont 'd ) a serious pain , again ) fuck ! schmidt I try to take a bullet for you . jenko but you do not ! schmidt but I try . that 's what matter . jenko I know , thank you , but what matter be actually take the bullet . the balloon rise higher and higher .. the ghost you lose again , asshole . Schmidt dig into he cargo short and pull out a flare gun . schmidt cargo short , motherfucker . Schmidt take he time , aim he gun . jenko shoot this fuck . Schmidt fire , and the flare hit the propane tank , which spew gas directly into the flame . the ghost oh. kabooooooommmmmm !!!!!! the ghost slam to the ground at Schmidt 's foot . schmidt slam ! poetry . yelling , triumphant , we just take down the leader ! mace in yo face mean peace seeya later ! Schmidt pull out a can of mace and spray the ghost in the face , as jenko pick up the lyric Schmidt have stumble into . jenko later ? later ! later alligator . pop go the weasel and the herb 's the inflater . * + eh + eh 4/20/13 120. scenario by tribe call quest play as they rap together . schmidt and jenko together so yo the D what the o incorporate I - n-c into a flow . funk flip flat back first fist foul fight fight fight . laugh yo how 's that sound , ohhhhhh !!!! ext . beach - later Maya and dickson sit on the bottom step of the life guard station , watch as Schmidt dramatically reenact he big jump for a bandage jenko and Schmidt 's proud parent . dickson you really like he , do not you ? maya yes . but how can you have a relationship build entirely on lie ? he lie for a live . dickson honey , I know I have not be the best father lately , and I be not gonna make excuse . I be just gonna try to be better . and here 's proof . ( beat , deep breath ) I know for a fact that piece of shit honestly love you . maya how could you possibly know that ? dickson look he daughter right in the eye . dickson Monet , armageddon , snake and me. Maya look up at she dad and smile . ext . beach - a few minute later Maya approach Schmidt and jenko . jenko would you please tell this idiot that two life debt do not cancel each other out ? Maya laugh and turn to Schmidt . * +h hk 4/20/13 121. maya my father tell I what you say . schmidt he do ? maya yes . come by my room later . we ’1ll do the thing we say we do . Maya give Schmidt a peck on the cheek and walk off . schmidt ( to jenko ) you know what this be ? partner , the beach , the girl ? it 's the end of bad boy ii . jenko laugh . jenko we be gettin too old for this shit . schmidt and jenko together we start off too old for this shit ! ext . boat party - lake havasu - spring break - day Schmidt , jenko , Maya , dickson , Annie , David all party on the boat with a bunch of drunken college kid . it 's a trailer - worthy scene of debauchery . we see snapshot : Schmidt and Maya chicken fight against jenko and a coed . David and Annie do body shot off the small of a coed 's back . dickson kiss Annie . dickson 's wife kiss Annie . everyone kiss Annie . fade to black . int . lecture hall - day a ben-stein-ish professor stand and read a poem . professor ah , well a-day , what evil look have I from old and young . ( more ) * +e HH oh * * * 4/20/13 122. professor ( cont 'd ) instead of the cross , the Albatross about my neck be hang . we slowly pull back from the lectern and into ... int . jump STREET headquarters - day the professor talk on a computer screen , the crest of the University of Phoenix Online post above he head . professor Little know fact about the Albatross : it 's one of the only species that mate for life . Schmidt and jenko sit and watch the online lecture together . schmidt if I have know this be you condition for stay partner I never would have agree to it . jenko shhh ... schmidt I do not care about bird . jenko shut up . schmidt this be boring . jenko it 's basically over . CUT to black : the end