' norway ' provisional title written by Paul greengrass base on : " one of we " by asne seierstad shoot script 08-03-2018 ext . rural norway - white farmhouse - day 1 a isolate white farmhouse set within dense pine forest . caption : 21st July 2011 . 90 mile east of Oslo . * CUT to : int . white farmhouse - garage - continuous 2 a man ( early 30 ) fill industrial sack with thick black powder . diesel soak fertiliser mix with aluminium . messy work . this be ander breivik and he be prepare for war . * CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - dusk 3 a small island on the eastern flank of lake tyrifjorden , 38 mile from norway 's capital city , oslo . CUT to : ext . utoya island - ferry dock - dusk 4 the early evening ferry from the mainland . crowd of excited teenager arrive for the annual summer camp run by Norway 's ruling Labour Party . among they : viljar hanssen ( 17 ) , a strike young man and to all he friend a natural leader . with he , he young brother torje ( 14 ) . they be meet off the boat by mother utoya ( 45 ) . she have run the camp for 20 year . mother utoya welcome back ! viljar * hey ! * the boy head on up to the centre of the island . stop at * a check - in desk . * viljar ( cont 'd ) * viljar hanssen ... * CUT to : 4a 6 a 2. int / ext . white farmhouse - van - evening 4a breivik load the sack into the white van . next the detonator and charge - which he pack in with piece of old mattress . then he thread a long black wire from the sack into the driver 's compartment . CUT to : ext . utoya island - dusk 5 viljar and torje arrive at the campsite . make -shift sign : Oslo ; finnmark ; nordland ... they come from Northern Norway , so they make for the trom & svalbard camp . voice ( as the brother approach ) I think I see they ... viljar ! we save a spot for you . viljar see he best friend - Simon and ander ( both 17 ) . viljar perfect ! they hug and begin pitching they tent . simon so you bring a sleep bag with you this time ? viljar yeah ... my parent pack it . all around : excitement at the weekend ahead . CUT to : move earlier to 4a 6 ext / int . white farmhouse - evening 6a breivik load a black peli-case : a Glock . a rifle . a shotgun . thousands of round of ammunition . grenade . he exit the farmhouse with the peli-case and drive away . CUT to : ext . central oslo - government district - evening 7 angle on Norway 's government building cluster together in the middle of the city , with a view of the harbour . aide marit ( 0.s. ) Prime Minister , here be you agenda for the weekend . Saturday you will visit the auf summer camp on utgya . for you speech ... CUT to : int . governemnt pm office - top floor - evening 8 angle through the window : Oslo skyline with pm stoltenberg soft leave of frame . pm aide 3 Prime Minister , here be you agenda for the weekend . Saturday , you be visit the auf summer camp on uteya . attach be a draft of you speech ... pm read draft . pm aide 2 oystein I have start with you personal connection to the island . how it inspire you activism , and then you push on to the issue ... prime minister ( scan ) ok ... I think it need to be a bit more personal . more about my memory of the camp . and then I want to really address the challenge of youth unemployment . can you get the latest stat over to I tonight , and I 'il re-draft and bring it in tomorrow . pm aide 2 oystein yep . prime minister ( to aide 3 ) and make sure we schedule enough time for I to meet with the kid ... two hour maybe ? * + * * + * +e pm aide 3 of course . pm aide 2 oystein and that committee papers be in you briefcase . you should read they before Monday . prime minister the oil sector papers ? pm aide 2 oystein right . ( to aide 3 ) make sure he get to they on Sunday . they be push for a response . prime minister get it . okay I think we be all set . well have a good weekend . make sure you all get some rest . pm aide 2 oystein will do thanks . enjoy the island . hopefully the weather will improve .. pm walk away towards the door with aide 3 . pm aide 3 you have National Security at 10 in the morning , Sir . they move out into a corridor . prime minister I will do it in the residency . bring the justice Minister earlier . ( to office off screen ) have a good night . pm aide 4 ( 0.0. V ) goodnight Prime Minister . prime minister thank you . bodyguard ( into radio ) come down now . pm into lift . + * + % +e 9a 9b 10 prime minister see you back here after lunch . pm aide 3 good night , Sir . the lift door close . int / ext . government office lobby - evening pm cross the lobby . past a security guard . prime minister night , Tor . security guard good night , Prime Minister . the guard watch he walk out to he wait car . down by the burden of power . int . prime minister 's car - evening see pm alone on the backseat . ext . ut@ya island - campsite - evening a campfire . Music , socialise . viljar , torje , simon and ander around a fire pit . strumm a guitar . we see lara rashid ( 16 ) and she sister bano ( 18 ) too . ext . rural norway - MAIN road - night breivik on the road towards oslo . CUT to : 9 weigh CUT to : 9a CUT to : 9b someone CUT to : 10 CUT to : * 11 12 13 14 ext . west oslo - breivik 's mother 's apartment - night 11 he pull up outside a apartment complex , in a up - market part of Oslo . CUT to : int . mother' apartment - night 12 breivik come out of the bathroom , freshly shower . later : breivik and he mother eat dinner in front of the tv : economic stagnation and the fall - out from the 2008 banking crisis . Europe 's grow migrant crisis . breiviks mother how be the farm ? breivik it 's good . a lot of work . breiviks mother I have be think , it must be lonely up there ... breivik I see people every day . breiviks mother good . breivik ( get up ) I have a errand . CUT to : int / ext . mother' apartment - night 13 angle from a window : breivik into a small fiat Diablo . his mother watch he from behind the curtain , as he draw away in the fiat . CUT to : ext . fjord outside oslo - the next morning 14 caption : 22 July 2011 14a 15 a sailing boat cut through the water . CUT to : int . sailing boat . below deck - early morning 14a geir lippestad ( 40s ) a criminal lawyer , make coffee on a stove . his daughter rebekah ( 15 ) ( in a wheelchair ) watch . other kid around . lippestad ready to get home ? rebekah 's eye light up . lippestad ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) I too . CUT to : ext . sailing boat - deck - early morning 15 lippestad come up onto deck . see signe , he wife . hand she the coffee . signe better not ... lippestad no ? signe look like I can not drink coffee for a while ... lippestad ( finally get it ) really ? signe really . he start laugh . they hug . lippestad oh my God . how do that happen ? 16 signe ( laugh ) you have forget ? lippestad I need to get case reassign . I really want to take time off this time . they round the headland towards Oslo . CUT to : ext . utoya island - campsite - morning 16 viljar wake . see the rain . wake torje next to he . they walk over to Simon and ander 's tent . viljar where do you get to last night ? simon swim . with some girl from finnmark . viljar ( laugh ) swim ? with the enemy ? they walk across the campsite to the canteen . we catch a glimpse of pm stoltenberg 's photo , advertising he speech on the island tomorrow . viljar check the seminar noticeboard . see : ' if I be pm ...’ and ' volunteer in Africa 's etc . viljar ( cont 'd ) ( read ) first seminar at 10 . football at 3 . ander finnmark 's big guy at the back be out . viljar how do you know that ? ander skinny -dip . with the enemy . + % +e laughter as they head into the canteen . CUT to : 17 int . breivik 's bedroom - mother 's apartment - morning 17 breivik at he computer . write a email : consider this my personal gift to all european . ander behr breivik . breivik 's mother ( v.o. ) Breakfast . * breivik * leave it outside the door . breivik swallow a couple of pill . highlight a file : * '' 2083 : a european declaration of Independence . '' press '' send all '' CUT to : 18 int . utoya island - canteen / seminar room - day 18 mother ut@oya ok , good morning everyone ... today be the first seminar . we will start with a little exercise , that I call ' if I be President . 's what would you do - change about the world . viljar you can start . + eh HH * viljar laugh and then go up to the stage . viljar ok , so in svalbard everyone be welcome , regardless of nationality . we have get Norwegians , Russians , chinese , croatian . all live and work together . auf member 1 yes , but you only have a couple thousand people , how do that translate across Europe ? lara and bano enter . viljar see . * 10 . viljar it 's the principle . thats what 's important and if I be Prime Minister , that 's what I have stand for ... CUT to : * 19 int . pm 's residency - study - day 19 pm stoltenberg be mid-way through a security briefing with : the PST director , security official lar , pm aide 2 oystein and security official 2 endre . PST director unrest in the Middle East continue . more Islamist terror , of course . but we main issue be go to be the result refugee crisis . the unhcr be now forecasting a massive surge in migrant number try to reach Europe . angle on the document : huge migrant figure from the Middle East and North Africa . prime minister potentially what - several million * over the next five year ? * aide oystein easily . it depend on political * instability in the Middle East . * Syria etc .. * prime minister and the challenge be go to be * how we protect inclusive domestic * policy with number like this . * security official lar and it 's go to hit we right as * we deal with the fallout from the * banking crisis . * prime minister that 's right . exactly .... * CUT to : 20 int . breivik 's bedroom - mother apartment - day 20 breivik naked . 21 22 22a 22b 11 . a police uniform laid out neatly before he , on he bed . he carefully pull on each item of clothing . attaches fake police insignia badge . pick up a Glock pistol and strap it * to he thigh . stands back to admire himself in the mirror . he 's ready . CUT to : int . utoya island - canteen / seminar room - day 21 viljar still in the seminar . auf member 2 what - you have have open border as Prime Minister ? viljar no . I be just say whether we like it or not , the world be on the move . we be part of a global * system . better to shape it , than * pretend to pull up drawbridge that we can not sustain . * CUT to : * ext . central oslo - day 22 breivik 's van drive towards the centre of Oslo . CUT to : int . breivik 's van - continuous 22a breivik drive . he stop at a red traffic light . * his Pov : migrant crowded under blanket and tent . * CUT to : ext . government build - office of pm - day 22b breivik 's van enter the government district . Parks behind the Office of the Prime Minister . check the time . pull out a lighter . light the long wire * protrude from the back of the van . put on he black police * helmet . * 23 24 25 26 27 12 . as the fuse burn , he exit the van , lock the door gently . he calmly walk away . CUT to : int . government office lobby - continuous 23 the security guard see the van on he cctv screen . watch the uniform figure walk away . security guard ( pick up phone ) hello . we get a van park outside . be it one of yours ? CUT to : ext . utoya island - football pitch - day 24 viljar , torje , simon and ander - dress in football kit - walk down to the field below the campsite . it 's a mix game . mother ut@ya marshal crowd of teenager . laughter and excitement , despite the rain . as viljar walk out onto the pitch , see lara . CUT to : ext . government district STREET - day 25 breivik walk around a corner , and get into the fiat Diablo . CUT to : ext . utoya island - football pitch - day 26 the football game in full -sw in the rain . mother ut@ya referees . torje watch from the sideline . viljar at the heart of the action . score . CUT to : ext . oslo - MAIN road NORTH - day 27 breivik drive out of Oslo . turn on the radio . CUT to : 28 29 30 31 13 . ext . government office rear - same time 28 caption : 3:25 pm . the van park . unsuspect pedestrian . Norway oblivious . CUT to : int . government office lobby - same time 29 security guard on the phone to the dvla . security guard I ’1ll check the number plate and I will try to find the driver . he glance over to cctv screen , where ... CUT to : ext . government office rear - same time 30 a second security guard be approach the van . suddenly : boom . the van explode in a massive fireball . CUT to : int . pm 's residency - study to secure room - second later 31 pm go to the window . see a huge tower of smoke rise in the distance . suddenly : bodyguard 1 ( enter at speed ) Sir , we need you to leave . now ! his security detail drag he out of the room . more guard respond . bodyguard 2 lock down all exit ! the pm be propel through the kitchen . someone give he a bullet - proof vest . down a stairwell . prime minister be it a bomb ?? 32 33 34 14 . aide marit a massive explosion in the government district . that 's all we know . bodyguard 1 get the door open ! through a set of door and into a bare situation room . bodyguard 1 ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) pm secure . the door close . the pm protect , but powerless . CUT to : ext . government office rear - same time 32 government quarter devastate . smoke , debris , paper cascade through the air . a gape hole in the ground where breivik 's van be park . and from every direction the sound of siren and scream . CUT to : ext . oslo harbour - same time 33 lippestad and signe docking in Oslo harbour , look at a huge column of smoke rise above the city . signe : what be that ?? on lippestad . he look down at rebekah . lippestad let 's get in the car . CUT to : ext / int . fiat doblo / tunnel - road to ut@ya - same time 34 breivik approach the tunnel head west out of the city . CUT to : 35 36 15 . ext . government build - rear & lobby - same time 35 blood-stain victim emerge . people scream . body on the ground . * Police start to arrive . stagger by the scale of the destruction . CUT to : int . pm 's residency - secure room - same time 36 Chaos as the secure room begin to fill with aide . the pm * watch news coverage . * aide oystein * ( hold a phone ) the whole quarter have be destroy . the Prime Minister 's Office , Supreme Court , justice Ministry . aide oystein ( cont 'd ) it 's bad . bring up news of the explosion break on tv . aide marit be this gas ? a gas explosion ? * aide oystein * that 's not a gas explosion , that 's * a bomb . it 's get to be a bomb . * on pm as he survey picture of the damage . on air * speculation about the status of the government . * security official lar * ( enter , to comm ) can we get a update on security at the residency please ? * prime minister this be obviously a terrorist * attack . we need to secure * government . call the cabinet . I want the Police director , the head of Defense and the PST . get in contact with they now . and then we need to inform the King : the Prime Minister be safe , the government be function . 37 38 39 16 . security official lar * yes , sir . CUT to : * ext / int . fiat doblo / tunnel - road to ut@ya - same time 37 breivik 's van come out the tunnel . radio we be get report of a * explosion in central Oslo ... see breivik . he look down at he gps . his destination : ut@ya island . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - campsite / canteen - day 38 viljar with torje , return from the football . they see teenager by they tent , on they phone . concerned face . torje what 's go on ? ander * a explosion in Oslo . everyone 's * be call to the canteen . * viljar check he phone as they head towards the building . * CUT to : ext . utoya island - canteen - continuous 39 * * we follow viljar and torje into the crowded canteen . simon and ander too . across the room : lara and she sister bano . * mother utoya quiet please ! I be go to shout because the microphone be down ... room become still . as you have probably hear , there 's be a explosion in Oslo , in the government district . we do not know yet what cause it , but many of you have parent who work there , so you should probably call they , if you have not already . 40 17 . torje look up at viljar . mother utoya in the meantime , we be suspending activity until we know what 's go on . viljar pull out he phone . start to dial . as kid question mother utoya . mother ut@ya ( cont 'd ) we will tell you as soon as we know more . now please do not worry . this be utoya - you be safe here . viljar ( into phone ) mum ? CUT to : ext STREET / build - central oslo - same time 40 viljar 's parent , christin and sveinn ( 30 ) emerge from a hotel door . the sound of siren in the distance . ahead of they , people hurry towards government centre . police car pass . christin ( on phone ) hi , I be fine . dad 's with I . we be at the hotel . we be fine . sveinn ( look at he phone ) they be say it 's a explosion . christin dad say it 's some kind of explosion . viljar be it a bomb ? christin we do not know . sveinn it look like it 's over by the government centre . christin be you both ok ? * + h fh HH + % 4l 4l1a viljar we be fine . torje 's a bit scared but I x11 look after he . christin ok listen , well look there 's no need to worry . whatever it be the police be deal with it . we will call you when we know what 's go on . ok ? 18 . she hang up , as they keep walk towards whatever have happen . more emergency vehicle pass by . sveinn they be ok ? christin they be fine . they walk on . ext . utoya island - canteen - continuous viljar hang up . viljar ( to torje ) they be fine . mum say they be nowhere near . let go and get some dry clothes . he smile , ruffling he little brother 's hair . ext STREET / build - central oslo - same time CUT to : 4l CUT to : 41a christin and sveinn keep walk towards whatever have happen . more emergency vehicle pass by . christin ( dial again ) everyone 's down at Labour hq for the campaign meeting . everyone . sveinn you should call they . + % a + % + % +e + % 42 43 44 19 . christin ( phone answer ) lena ? be you ok ? what 's happen ? ( listen , then to sveinn ) sound like the whole government centre 's be hit . ( into phone ) have you hear from Erik and the other ? ... ok . I be go there now . call I if you hear anything . yes . cancel all of today 's meeting . they walk on . CUT to : int . breivik 's mother apartment - same time 42 breivik 's mother watch roll news coverage of the bomb . she go into breivik 's bedroom . look around . call he mobile . CUT to : ext . road to ut@ya & mainland ferry dock - continuous 43 breivik drive . his phone ring : '' mother '' . he do not answer . up ahead , a sign to ut@ya island . he take the exit . round a bend to reveal the beauty of lake tyrifjorden . ut#ya island in the middle . he park . take a pill . see a couple of teenage volunteer in a high -vis jacket , stand by the jetty . breivik ( approach ) hi , I be Martin nilsen from oslo p.d . there 's be a bomb in the city . I have be send to secure the island . female volunteer they cancel the ferry . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - campsite - same time 44 mother ut@ya be speak to a huddle of teenager , try to lighten the mood . trond next to she . a call to she radio : + hhh HH HH hk * 45 46 47 48 jetty guard ( v.o. ) there 's a policeman here who say he need to come over . it 's about the bomb . mother ut@oya ( to the guard ) ok , I be come . ( to trond ) you stay here , I will go and get he . ext . mainland ferry dock - same time breivik see the ferry leave the island . ext . ut@ya island - ferry travelling - same time mother ut@ya on the foredeck . see the mainland . ext . mainland ferry dock - same time breivik watch the boat get closer . ext . mainland ferry dock - moment later 20 . CUT to : 45 CUT to : 46 CUT to : 47 CUT to : 48 as the ferry ramp lower , mother ut@ya see breivik clearly for the first time . he 's heavily armed and wear what look like a black combat suit . mother utoya hi , I be monica , I be in charge . what 's go on ? breivik Martin nilsen . Oslo Police Department . I need you to take I to the island . get everyone together and I 'il give a debrief about the bomb . mother ut@oya everyone ? breivik yes , everyone . it 's important . +e + * 49 50 21 . mother ut@oya what be the case for ? breivik my weapon . mother ut@oya well you need to keep they cover up . they 's 1ll scare the child . breivik of course . they start back towards the island . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - campsite - same time 49 trond get a call . mother ut@ya ( v.o. ) the policeman want everyone to gather in the middle of the island ... trond , can you meet we ? trond , walk down to meet they . CUT to : ext . utoya island - ferry dock - moment later 50 the ferry dock . mother ut@ya and breivik disembark . mother utoya ( to breivik ) this be trond berntsen , we head of security here on the island . breivik shake hand . breivik Martin nilsen . Oslo PD . they send I to secure the island . trond well no - one call we . + * #** * 22 . breivik everyone 's need in Oslo . it 's chaos down there . you should see it . they start to walk up the hill . trond ( something about this not right ) so which precinct be you from ? breivik PST . Police Security service . trond so you must know jern then ? be not he down at PST ? breivik j@rn ? sure . he 's one of my superior . breivik ( cont 'd ) be everyone gather up there for the debrief ? monica we be call they in now . trond stop . a moment between they . who 's lie here ? trond do you mind . can I see you id again ? breivik sure . suddenly , breivik pull out the Glock . mother utoya do not ! bang ! bang ! trond fall . then he turn the gun on mother utoya . bang ! bang ! CUT to : + h ff HH * * 51 5s1a 51b 51c 51d 51e 23 . ext . utoya island - campsite - same time 51 tight on viljar , as the sound of gunfire reverberate across the island . around he teenager emerge from they tent . confused look . CUT to : ext . ferry dock - same time 51a breivik on the move . up the slope . towards the campsite . CUT back to : ext . campsite - same time 51b more crack . closer this time . ander I will go and see what 's happen . CUT to : ext . slope up to canteen - same time 51c '' breivik still come . fast. CUT to : ext . campsite - same time 51d viljar watch ander walk up towards the canteen . more loud bang . the sound of scream on the wind . viljar ( to torje ) it 's okay , it 's just kid mess .. CUT to : ext . slope up to canteen - same time 51e breivik approach the top of the rise . CUT to : 51f 52 24 . ext . campsite - same time 51 F viljar see in the distance scream teenager run towards they car . and behind they , breivik crest the hill . a moment suspend in time ... as he raise he gun . viljar ( realise ) run ! viljar grab torje and run , as breivik open fire . CUT to : ext . government district STREET - same time 52 viljar 's parent , christin and sveinn , arrive at a corner just down from government centre . police car , ambulance . crowd milling around . Chaos . sveinn ( approach a police officer ) be it a bomb ? STREET police officer move back ! you have to move back ! christin Excuse I . Excuse I , Sir . I need to see my colleague . we be suppose to be have a campaign meeting . at Labour Party headquarter . STREET police officer please move back ! you can not come through . we be clear this area . christin can you at least tell I which building have be hit ? STREET police officer we do not know . you just need to move back . please . suddenly she phone ring ... the sound of scream , run , and the phone be fumble through hand . + % +e + % a + % 25 . christin viljar ? viljar ( v.o. ) mum , they be shoot at we ! christin viljar ?? what 's - — the phone line go dead . sveinn what be it ? christin ( try to call they back ) it be viljar . he say someone be shoot at they . sveinn shoot ? what do you mean shoot ? christin he just say there be shoot and hang up . sveinn try he back . christin ( dial ) I be call he ... sveinn shoot what ? what do he say exactly ? christin it be really quick . he definitely say shoot . ( listen ) it 's go to voicemail . sveinn just someone be shoot ? christin ( try phone again ) at we . he say : mum . someone 's shoot at we . quietly . just like that . that be it . +e + % + % + * #* * h * + * 53 54 55 56 26 . sveinn ( check he phone too ) do he sound frighten ? christin yes . I hear gunshot . they look at the chaos in front of they . sveinn gunshot ? we need to get down there . they push they way through the chaos and start run to they car . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - lover 's path - same time 53 back to viljar and torje , run into the wood . panic . hundred of teenager . gunfire , scream behind they . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - canteen - same time 54 breivik approach the main building . breivik ( see face at the window ) it 's okay . Police . I have get it under control . stay there and I 'il come and help you . he go into the building . CUT to : int . utoya island - canteen corridor - continuous 55 breivik down a corridor . CUT to : int . utoya island - canteen - same time 56 as dozen of teenager crouch in corner . wait to be save . breivik enter . see they . raise he gun . CUT to : 57 58 59 60 61 27 . ext . utoya island - canteen - same time 57 the sound of gunfire and scream from inside . CUT to : ext . utoya island - lover 's path - same time 58 viljar and torje run . look for somewhere - anywhere - to hide . viljar see a break in a fence . they tumble down a muddy bank . scramble sideways onto a ledge . a dead end . below they a 8ft drop to the lake . they be trap . other teenager crawl onto the ledge behind they . CUT to : ext . utoya island - canteen - same time 59 breivik leave the canteen . cross the campsite . CUT to : ext . utoya island - ledge - same time71 60 viljar and torje cramme together on the ledge . the shoot get louder . he see simon . but no ander . viljar torje , look at I . look at I . torje tear stream down face . viljar ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be ok .. CUT to : ext . utoya island - lover path - same time 61 breivik down the path . see the gap in the fence ahead . climb through it . see they all cluster on the ledge . lift he gun ... he open fire . people fall . panic . scream . viljar and torje jump . 62 28 . they land on rock at the water 's edge and scramble for cover . breivik shoot again . Simon hit . two other as well . and then viljar be hit . he struggle back up , hold he shoulder . another shot , he fall again . another , still he keep go . desperately struggle to escape . and another . and then one last impact puncture he skull . torje turn back to see he brother fall . viljar see torje come back for he . viljar go mustering all he remain strength he splashes water at torje . viljar ( cont 'd ) go! torje turn and throw himself forward into cover . through a haze of blood , he see the dark figure loom above he on the clifftop , before he turn away into the tree . CUT to : int . h@nefoss police station - day 62 a lone switchboard operator . a quiet room . a red light on she switchboard begin to flash . switchboard operator ( answer ) what 's you emergency - the sound of scream down the end of the phone . then it cut . 29 . switchboard operator ( cont ’d ) hello ? the switchboard operator put down the phone . almost immediately , another red light . switchboard operator ( cont ’d ) Police emergency - scream voice help we ! please switchboard operator ( struggle to hear ) hello ? hello ? the line go dead again . beat . suddenly : all the light on the switchboard turn red . CUT to : 63 ext . h@nefoss police station - continuous 63 honefoss policeman # 1 and he team scramble to utoya . * police dispatch ( v.o. ) multiple report of gunfire on ut@ya Island ... honefoss policeman # 1 on we way . what 's the rv point ? CUT to : 64 int . pm residency - secure room - day 64 follow behind security official lar on the phone as he * approach the pm - who be stand , watch news coverage , surround by several aide . + % security official lar ( hold phone ) Sir , we may have another attack . we have just have report of gunfire on ut@ya Island . +e prime minister what ? utoya ? 30 . security official lar we be just get detail now . * prime minister but we have hundred of kid down there . it 's the summer camp . pm aide 2 oystein ( also on phone ) local police be respond . but everything else , delta , it 's all here in the city . deal with the bomb . +e prime minister get on to the Police director . tell he to get everything they can down there . now ! * + % security official lar we be on it . * end on shot of monitor . * CUT to : 65 ext . road to ut@ya island - day 65 honefoss policeman # 1 in he car . Blue light , siren . operator ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) assume terror attack . possible multiple shooter . delta be en- * route and will assume site command . * uteya Island come into sight . honefoss policeman # 1 understood . CUT to : 65a ext . oslo street - day 65a * christin and sveinn drive towards uteya . * christin keep try viljar 's phone , turn on the radio . * 66 67 68 69 70 31 . radio ( v.o . ) * we be get unconfirm report * of shoot on utgya Island , at the * Labour youth summer camp .. * CUT to : * ext . central oslo - day 66 geir lippestad and family drive towards the centre of Oslo . smoke clearly visible . ambulance screech past . Police car . all away from the bomb site . lippestad what the hell be go on ? CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - forest area 1 - day 67 breivik in tight close - up move across the island . killing methodically . relentlessly . he launch a smoke grenade . acrid orange smoke billow . * CUT to : ext . utoya island - viljar shore - same time 68 viljar lie on the rock . scream and gunfire in the distance . the sound of sobbing and pain nearby . he use he uninjured hand to touch he wound . too many to stem the loss of blood . he reach he head . feel the flesh of he expose brain . CUT to : ext . utoya island - cliff - same time 69 * torje reach the shadow of the cliff . kide hide , * include lara . he look to the mainland - it 's too far . * sudden gunfire above he . he recoil into the rock . * CUT to : * ext . utoya island - road / mainland ferry dock - same time 70 * honefoss policeman # 1 take the turn for uteya . down the steep slope . see utgya ahead in the distance . 71 32 . he pull up at the jetty . he get out and look over to utgya * Island . in the distance : dirty orange smoke billow through the pine tree . volley of gunfire echoing across the water . figure in the lake desperately swim for they life . on honefoss policeman # 1 as he take this in : honefoss policeman # 1 my God ... first police officer where be the boat ?? second police officer delta have they . the rv be storgya . honefoss policeman # 1 storgya ?? but that 's a mile away ! honefoss policeman # 1 sprint back to he car . know time * mean life . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - forest area 2 - same time 71 breivik see the police on the mainland . see a discard mobile phone . dial ... emergency SERVICES ( v.o. ) Police emergency line ... breivik hi. this be ander behr breivik . * I be a Commander in the norwegian * anti-communist resistance Movement . * emergency SERVICES ( v.o . ) who ? breivik ander behr breivik . I be on * uteya . I have just finish my * operation and I would like to give * myself up . emergency SERVICES ( v.o. ) uteya ? * the line cut . breivik drop the phone . move on towards more target . 72 73 33. we see that this be all part of he plan . CUT to : ext . road to ut@ya ( near sollih@gda ) - day 72 christin and sveinn speed to utoya . the lake come into view . and a police roadblock . sveinn slam on the brake . they get out of car . the sound of gunfire in the distance . christin my child be on the island ! you have get to let I through . roadblock policeman you can not ma’‘am . this be a active situation . it 's not safe . suddenly , police vehicle approach at high speed . then ambulance . as they roar past , christin make a break for it on foot . roadblock policeman ( cont ’d ) please , you be not help ! the policeman follow . catch she . sveinn christin . christin ! no .. he take she back to the car . christin we will find another way through . he pull a hard u-turn and they speed back the way they come . CUT to : ext . utoya island - viljar shore - same time 73 viljar lie helpless . gunfire in the distance . he move he head . see the outline of lifeless body . viljar ( call out ) Simon ?... ander ? nothing . CUT to : 74 75 76 77 78 34 . ext . mainland - golf course jetty - day 74 honefoss policeman # 1 arrive at rv point . delta unit arrive . the sound of distant gunfire throughout . voice over radio ( v.o. ) unit a to the south end of the island , B to the north . ( NB correct terminology tbc ) a police rhib be frantically deploy . but it 's overload . the engine cut out . honefoss policeman # 1 shit ! he spot a civilian boat approach . officer unload into it . more precious moment waste . CUT to : ext . mainland - lake - same time 75 a handful of leisure boat speed away from the mainland * towards the island . * CUT to : ext . utoya sland - forest area 3 - same time 76 brevik see they come . CUT to : ext . utoya island - torje shore - same time 77 so do torje . * as they approach , he throw himself into the water and swim * out from the cover of the cliff , towards they . * CUT to : ext . utoya island - forest area 3 - same time 78 breivik see torje . open fire . the tourist boat swerve . torje disappear under the surface . swim for he life . * CUT to : 79 80 81 82 82a 35 . ext . lake - day 79 honefoss policeman # 1 behind the wheel of the second boat . feel the engine strain . willing it forward . the sound of gunfire ahead . CUT to : ext . utoya island - forest area 3 - same time 80 breivik duck into cover , reload , move back across the island . CUT to : ext . lake - same time 81 torje still swim . the sound of a engine behind he . he turn to see a second boat , the driver wave frantically . torje be pull onboard . torje ( as the boat speed away ) no. wait . we have to go back for my brother ! more gunfire . driver ( steering the boat away ) we can not ! we have get to go ! CUT to : ext . utoya island - viljar shore - same time 82 viljar fight to stay awake . he start to sing ... CUT to : ext . utoya island - delta boat - day 82a honefoss policeman # 1 speed towards the island and catch a glimpse of breivik in the tree . honefoss policeman # 1 one shooter . two o'clock . CUT to : 82b 83 36 . ext / int . lippestad 's home . day 82b lippestad and family pull up outside they home . lippestad unload rebekah from the car , as signe ferries the other kid inside . we follow they in . through into the live room where signe turn on the tv : aerial footage above uteya Island . break news of suspect shoot . signe ( pull out phone ) I be call the hospital ... on lippestad still watch the tv , as she dial . signe ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) hi . this be signe . I be watch the news . do you need I to come in ? ( listen ) i’1l standby . she hang up . signe ( cont ’d ) ( to lippestad ) they be call everyone in . they ’11l let I know as soon as they have designate a hospital . lippestad nod as she run upstairs . CUT to : int . pm residency - secure room - same time 83 the pm on a conference call . grappling to make sense of the unfold attack . security official endre ( oov ) be delta on the island yet ? where the hell be they ? pm aide 2 oystein ( oov ) activate mass casualty protocol . repeat activate mass casualty protocol . I want every hospital on standby . * hf F fhf h of * * +e 84 84a 85 85 a 37 . security official endre ( oov ) ( on phone ) I need a update on delta . prime minister this be take too long , right ! CUT to : ext . utoya island - MAIN jetty - day 84 honefoss policeman # 1 land at the ferry dock . the island be eerily quiet . rain , mist . he see the body of mother utoya and the security guard . he lead he unit in formation up the slope , past the white house . towards the tree . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - pine forest - day 84a in the distance , another massive burst of gunfire . suddenly , a group of teenager burst out from bush to he leave , scream . he motion to they : stay hide . he move forward up into the wood towards the shoot . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - beach - moment later 85 the second unit land . keep low as they move over the rock . they scramble up to the tree . on to lover 's path ... CUT to : ext . utoya island - forest area 4 - same time 85a breivik reload . CUT to : 85 B 86 86a 86b 38 . ext . utoya island - viljar ‘s beach - same time 85 B viljar lie on the rock , bleed out . start to fade . CUT to : ext / int . utoya island - canteen / MAIN hall - day 86 honefoss policeman # 1’s unit emerge from the pine tree . his Pov : the canteen building ahead of they .. weirdly quiet . he lead he unit along the front of the canteen building . scan the window for threat . move inside ... down a corridor ... into the main hall ... reveal a scene of utter horror . body . blood . honefoss policeman # 1 my God - the sound of gunfire . CUT to : ext . utoya . lover path - same time 86a the second unit round a corner on the path ... ahead we catch a glimpse of a pile of body . CUT to : ext . ut@ya island - canteen / forest area 5 - same time 86b honefoss policeman # 1 and he unit leave the canteen . move through the tree . suddenly he spot movement . Hand motion he unit : stop . he inch forward . see a black uniform figure . raise he gun until he have breivik in he sight . honefoss policeman # 1 ( call out ) lower you weapon ! arm up ! breivik turn , drop he gun , and stand , open-armed . breivik do not shoot ! I surrender ! he start to walk towards they . 87 88 89 90 39 . honefoss policeman # 1 on the ground ! get on the ground ! breivik lie down . honefoss policeman # 1 move swiftly towards he , gun to he head . delta officer bind he wrist with plastic strip * cuff . breivik 's head in the mud . * CUT to : ext . utoya island - viljar shore - same time 87 as news of the shooter 's arrest spread over radio , a delta officer climb down the muddy slope and find the shore litter with both injure and dead . viljar among they , lie motionless . delta officer casualty over here ! move to 90a 88 * move to 90b . 89 * * ext . utoya island - viljar shore - day 90 * finally , a police officer reach viljar , by the water 's * edge . he have catastrophic injury . his arm , hand and leg shot to piece . the right side of he skull explode open . police officer * Jesus . he check for a pulse . nothing . keeps check . then : police officer ( cont 'd ) * ( suddenly ) I have life ! he wrap a bandage , anything , around viljar 's shattered skull , cover he body with he coat . as other officer scramble down the rock face . 90a 90 B 40 . police officer ( cont 'd ) ( on he radio ) we need a casevac now ! hold on viljar , as police urgently wave a police boat in . CUT to : ext . utoya island - white build - day 90a police lead breivik to the white building down by the jetty . ahead of they , more boat arrive . armed police and paramedics . CUT to : int . utoya island - white build - upstair room - cont ’dob honefoss policeman # 1 watch as police swab , fingerprint , and photo breivik . macho pose for the camera . breivik ( notice a cut on he finger ) I need a plaster . honefoss cop # 1 you will get no fuck plaster from I . duty detective arrive and breivik be sit in a chair . a dictaphone turn on . duty detective ( to breivik ) who be you ? breivik my name be ander behr breivik . bear February 13 1979 . I be from Oslo . this be a military operation . a coup d’etat . the bomb have remove the government . and here I have liquidate a political camp . tomorrow 's leader . duty detective do anyone help you ? +e + % + % + HH hf + % 91 92 41 . breivik I be select for this mission . my brother be wait for my signal . to begin the third attack . ( beat ) but I be authorise to negotiate . duty detective what do you want ? breivik a complete ban on immigration . a end to enforce multiculturalism . if the Prime Minister be alive tell he if he fail to agree , the attack will continue . CUT to : 91 int . pm residency - secure room - dusk 92 security official lar ( interrupt ) Sir , we have arrest the shooter . prime minister be he Al - Qaeda ? security official lar ( read from pad ) he 's white norwegian . ( see pm , this land ) he say another attack be come . prime minister another one ? security official lar he say he 's willing to negotiate . prime minister what do he want ? security official endre a ban on all immigration . a end to multiculturalism . he say he want to purify Norway . hold on pm . + + +e hf * a + % +e 93 94 42 . prime minister keep he talk . bring he to Oslo . in the meantime , close the border , we need to lock everything down . + * CUT to : ext . ulleval hospital - helipad - evening 93 the air ambulance land on the roof . viljar unload . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - operating theatre - continuous 94 viljar into the trauma unit . doctor cut through he bloody clothes . trauma surgeon ( examine ) unidentified young male . he have a gun shot wound to he leave shoulder ... other doctor ( look at viljar 's dreadful , gape wound ) we need blood . adrenaline . other hand insert tube , fluid . trauma surgeon ( examine ) .».. a gunshot to the leave hand and another to the right thigh ... the ecg bleep urgently . other doctor we have ventricular fibrillation ! he start chest compression , as electrode be attach . other doctor clear ! viljar be chest convulse , as the charge hit . trauma surgeon ..- and we have a gunshot wound into * right orbita . exiting in the posterior . * * 43 . doctor fight desperately for he life . CUT to : 95 omitted . 95 * 95a ext / int . oslo police station - night 95a * breivik arrive in convoy into the rear entrance . we follow * he as he be bring inside , and book . * breivik * ( as he be book ) * I need a lawyer . * desk officer * you will be assign one . * breivik * I have my own . * hold on breivik and bring up the sound of a telephone . * CUT to : * 96 ext . lippestad 's house - night 96 still the sound of a telephone ringing . CUT to : 97 int . lippestad 's house - bedroom - continuous 97 lippestad answer . tv on . Rolling news of the attack . police prosecutor ( v.0 . ) Mr. lippestad ? I be the Police prosecutor for Oslo . we be investigate today 's attack . we have arrest a man by the name of ander behr breivik . in the kitchen , signe be pack she nurse badge and trainer * into a bag , and tell the au pair to get the kid to school * in the morning . * police prosecutor ( cont 'd ) he need a lawyer . he 's ask for you . 44 , lippestad I ? police prosecutor he say he know you . lippestad breivik ? I have never hear of he . lippestad look over at signe , as she come in . put the call onto speaker - phone . police prosecutor he say another attack 's come . he 's refuse to talk until you get here . lippestad ok . I understand . ( to signe ) the person they have arrest . he 's ask for I . signe you ? why ? lippestad I do not know . see lippestad , the weight of this . signe too . and we CUT to : 98 ext . oslo street - night 98 lippestad drive through the centre of Oslo . a city under siege . armed police . soldier . radio ( report the arrest of ander breivik ) there be now speculation this be a right - wing terror attack , not Al - Qaeda . CUT to : 99 ext / int . sundvollen HOTEL - night 99 christin and sveinn arrive at a hotel , now a makeshift crisis - — centre . we follow they into the lobby be pack with medic ; + * + % 45 . volunteer ; reporter ; victims 's family ; and traumatised survivor wrap in towel and bathrobe . * christin , take it all in . suddenly : sveinn torje ! they push through the crowd towards torje . christin ( grab he ) it 's ok . you be safe . you be safe now . sveinn put he arm around he too . sveinn torje , where 's viljar ? torje ( struggle ) we be at the campsite . a * policeman come and start shoot * christin a policeman ? * torje we run into the wood . hid on the * cliff . but he find we . we have to * jump . * sveiin do viljar jump ? torje yes . * ( he break down ) sveinn what ? be he shot ? torje he tell I to go . christin hug he tightly as he weep . christin it 's ok . it 's ok . you be safe . you have do so well . viljar will be so happy you be alive . 100 101 46 . christin leave sveinn look after torje . walk back into the sea of desperate people . she see volunteer with a clipboard . christin ( cont 'd ) I be look for my son viljar hanssen . volunteer ( check list ) he 's not here . I be sorry . she walk back to torje and sveinn . pull out she phone , and begin call local hospital . christin ( to sveinn ) he 's not here . the phone connect . christin ( cont 'd ) hello , my son viljar hanssen be miss , he be on utoya . do you have any admission by that name ? CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - operating theatre - night 100 viljar be operate on . hover , like Norway , between life and death . CUT to : ext / int . oslo police station - night 101 lippestad arrive at the police station . armed police . military truck . a scrum of journalist and camera crews . angry crowd . lippestad push through . he be lead down a windowless corridor . wait as the cell door be open , to reveal ander breivik . lippestad ( to a guard ) please remove the restraint . thank you . please give we the room . lippestad sit as breivik be unchain . see the emergency alarm button on the wall . 47 . police prosecutor * ( leave ) we will be outside . breivik extend he hand . lippestad hesitates , then shake it . breivik * thank you for come . * lippestad how do you know who I be ? breivik I have see you work before . nine year ago . the Benjamin hermansen trial . lippestad the neo-nazi case ? breivik we meet during the trial . * lippestad * * we do ? breivik you give I you business card . I know I would need a lawyer one day . +e see lippestad , dimly remember . lippestad * ( try to take charge ) so Mr breivik , tell I what you have * do today ? breivik I have start a war . to take back control . of Norway . of the West . and defend I will be the great thing you will ever do . lippestad I do not agree with what you have do Mr. breivik . they be innocent . Children . breivik I would not exactly call they * innocent . they be traitor . the * leader of tomorrow . 48 . lippestad my own child have be to utoya . I be a active member of the Labour Party . do that make I a traitor too ? breivik you be my lawyer . you be a exception . lippestad Mr. breivik , the police believe you have another attack plan . breivik the third attack . lippestad I need to strongly advise you , as you lawyer , to not do anything which might cost more innocent life and make you situation worse . breivik but Norway have be wake . now she can be save . you want to save she too , do not you , in she hour of need ? hold on lippestad . CUT to : 102 int . breivik 's mother be home - night 102 breivik 's mother watch the news . her phone ring . breiviks mother hello ? voice Police . please come to the door . breiviks mother Police ? what 's this about ? delta commander open it now . the line cut . a + * 103 49 , she go to the door . open it to reveal : Dazzling light . armed delta officer . as she 's lead away , delta and forensics move into the apartment . we follow they into breivik 's bedroom . to he computer . on the screen : breivik 's manifesto . CUT to : int . oslo police station - corridor / interrogation room 103 night breivik and lippestad be lead into a small interrogation room . they sit alone in silence . a one - way glass window . they be be watch . lippestad you be not oblige to answer they question . breivik ok . I know . breivik spot a camera in the corner of the room . breivik ( cont 'd ) will the media get access to this ? I look like a idiot . lippestad no . breivik fix he hair . a woman enter . female detective ( as she sit ) Mr breivik , my name be detective Anderson . I be a detective at the homicide and serious crime unit . my job be to get as much information as possible about what happen today . do you understand you have be arrest in connection with the explosion in Oslo , and the shoot on utgya Island ? +h hhh oh * 50 . breivik yes , of course . detective anderson can you tell I how you plan this attack ? breivik I can tell you 98 % . I have be plan this for a long time . two year ago I decide to take action . I sell my digital business . I buy a farm and devote myself to the mission . mental training . physical training . regular target practice . hone my skill . buying supplies . carry out reconnaissance . detective anderson what about the bomb ? breivik I build it myself . everything I need be online . do you want I to go into detail ? that 's go to take hour . it be a lot of work . detective anderson do anyone help you ? breivik I be just one cog in a network . the knight 's templar Europe . name in honour of the Knights of the crusade . we organisation be set up in London in 2002 with delegate from 12 country . we want Islam out of Europe . detective anderson can you give I any other name ? breivik of course not . detective anderson we have find you computer , at you mother 's apartment . can you tell I what 's on it ? breivik my manifesto . 1500 page . it explain everything . ( more ) * * + h HH * no answer . 51 . breivik ( cont 'd ) so people will understand what I have do . it 's all there . you see I be a intellectual , as well as a warrior . detective anderson you send it to 8,000 people . do any of they help you ? breivik they be sympathiser . detective anderson do any of they assist you ? detective anderson ( cont ’d ) I need to know if any more attack be plan . breivik this be a war . attack can come at any moment . but you need to agree to my demand . detective anderson this be not a negotiation . breivik I do not believe you be ina position to dictate term , detective . detective anderson have not enough people die ? I need to know if there be any more attack come . breivik ( beat ) I would like to break now . I have be try to get medical attention since you arrest I . he show a small cut on he finger . breivik ( cont 'd ) I cut it on a piece of someone 's skull when it shattered . I might get a infection unless it 's treat . * * * 104 105 106 52 . lippestad can we pause the interview whilst my client be see by a medic ? detective anderson turn off the tape . a moment between they . they both know they be dance to breivik 's tune . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - operating theatre - night 104 viljar in surgery . wound be clean . the lead surgeon probing viljar 's shattered brain tissue with extreme care . CUT to : int . pm 's residency - secure room - night 105 the pm stand alone . Chaos all around . security official endre approach . pm aide oystein he could be bluff , Sir . we just do not know . only the pm can make a call like this . prime minister tell he I be listen . tell he personally from I . I be listen to he . CUT to : int . oslo police station - interrogation room - night 106 lippestad watch breivik eat pizza . a can of coke . detective anderson enter . detective anderson ( sit ) the Prime Minister have see you demand . he can not accept you term . but he want I to give you a message . breivik really , he say that ? * +e + % 107 53. detective anderson it be a personal message . he say he want you to know he 's listen to you . +e this land . breivik look at the window , study the dark glass . breivik * he 's in there , be not he ? watch we . detective anderson we need to know if another attack * be come . * breivik ( eventually ) tell he I be prepare to call off the attack . for the moment . * detective anderson and how do we know we can trust * you ? breivik because you be all listen to I now . CUT to : int . sundvollen HOTEL - night 107 torje asleep . christin watch she phone . she rub she temple . across the lobby , sveinn talk to a group of distraught parent . he hug they as they be lead away by volunteer . christin watch sveinn come back . he expression desolate . sveinn Simon and ander be dead . christin hang she head . moment pass . * her phone ring . hospital rep ( v.0 . ) christin kristofferson ? christin yes ? 54 . hospital rep ( v.0 . ) this be ulleval Hospital in Oslo . do viljar have any birth mark or scar ? christin he have a bad scar on he neck . a fire burn . hospital rep ( v.0 . ) we need you to come immediately . hard CUT to : * 108 int . ulleval hospital - lobby / icu room - near dawn 108 * viljar' family arrive . the lead surgeon be wait for they . trauma surgeon ( as they walk ) viljar have very severe injury . he have a gunshot wound to the head and there be shrapnel still in he brain . if he survive , we will need to operate again very soon . * they go into a bare hospital room . see viljar . no sign of life . just the soft bleep of machine . christin gently touch he hand . as though for the first * time . begins to weep , despite herself . christin ( to surgeon ) * can I touch he ? * ( to viljar ) * viljar ? mum and dad be here now . CUT to : * 109 ext / int . pm 's residency - secure room 2 front door - dawn109 the pm alone at the sink . aide ( knock , enter ) the Press be wait upstairs , * sir. * 55 . prime minister one moment . he splashes he face with water . straighten he tie . tries to think of word to say . then he phone ring . security official we have get the final number ... 8 dead in oslo. 69 on utgya . prime minister wound ? security official at least 200 . prime minister thank you . the line cut . leave the pm , alone with he reflection . he leave the bathroom . in one shot he go up the stair , through the kitchen , still crowded with aide man the crisis . across the live room , towards the front door . as he reach it , the door open to reveal : a Mass of cameras . the pm take a moment under the harsh arc light . then : prime minister ( cont 'd ) we be all shocked . this be a attack on we government , and on we child . we be a long way from understanding why . but what be clear be that we nation have be attack by someone who would see it change ... as he speak , we begin a montage of archive : Norway respond . the Cathedral , the Rose March , the first funeral attend by thousand . the pm embrace survivor , parent , community leader include muslims . grief , love and unity . ... he would see we democracy become tyranny . see we humanity fall ... we must not give in to this terror . we must fight . but we must not become change . instead , we must strengthen we value . we must fight this terror with the rule of law , not the barrel of the gun . we must answer the hate of the few , with love the of the many . only then will it be beat ... ( beat ) ( more ) 56 . prime minister ( cont ’d ) because though evil can kill a human be , it can never conquer a people . it 's a rouse call to arm . CUT to : 109a int . breivik 's convoy vehicle - day 109a breivik , handcuff , in the back of the vehicle . a armed guard in the seat next to he . from outside : the building roar of a furious crowd . ahead , the courthouse come into view . crowd ( o0ov ) Nazi ! the crack of flashlight ... crowd ( oov ) ( cont 'd ) hang he ! on breivik ... cast into darkness as the van sweep beneath the building . 110 omitted . 110 111 int . courthouse - courtroom - close session - same time 111 lippestad enter the courtroom . see two prosecution lawyer - inga and sveinn ( 30 ) . he know they well . they shake hand . but they be distant . uncomfortable . judge artnzen ( enter ) good morning . bring in the defendant please . give the circumstance , today 's hearing will be a close session . lippestad watch as breivik enter . breivik turn to face the judge , prosecution and defense lawyer . each determine to uphold the system he have swear to destroy ; each he enemy , include the man pledge to defend he . 57 . breivik where be all the camera ? judge motion to the prosecution . inga ( stand ) you honour , police have charge Mr. breivik with two count of terrorism , accord to penal code 174a . investigation be on-go and we request that Mr. breivik be hold in custody while this work continue . judge turn to lippestad . lippestad the Defense accept this , you honour . judge artnzen ( take a note ) how be the defendant intend to plead ? see breivik . breivik I acknowledge this crime but I be not guilty . the act be necessary . lippestad ( jump in ) you honour , he require further counsel . hard CUT to : 112 int . ila prison - holding room - day 112 breivik I have a very happy upbringing . I grow up in west Oslo . my parent divorced amicably when I be very young . I maintain a close relationship with my mother . my half - sister and I be not particularly close but we speak occasionally . +e + eh HH 113 114 omitted . omitted . 58. lippestad what about you father ? breivik I have not see he since I be 16 . I speak to he a couple of year ago . but there be really no time to meet . he live in France and I be focus on my career , my internet business . lippestad how would you describe you relationship with you mother ? breivik it 's good you know . normal . my mother have nothing to do with this . she 's really not relevant . lippestad it 's about understanding what lead you to do this . breivik how many child do you have , Mr. lippestad ? lippestad ( catch off guard ) five. breivik and you love they ? lippestad ( uncomfortable ) of course . breivik I want to hit they where it would hurt the most . ( beat ) do you understand now ? CUT to : 113 114 +e 115 116 59 . ext . government build rear - day 115 the pm 's car pull into the government quarter . he get out . ahead of he : devastation . aide $ ystein he drive along grubbegata and park at the rear of the building . ( beat ) we be lucky the whole building do not come down . see the pm , lose in think at the magnitude . CUT to : int . pm 's residency - live room ( meeting room ) - later116 the pm in he live room - hastily transformed into a make - shift office . a security meeting : the PST director , security official lar , security official endre , aide marit , aide oystein . prime minister he busy 900 kilo of fertilser and aluminum nitrate , and no red flag ? head of PST Sir , we focus have be on Islamist terror . foreign threat . prime minister but we know the far-right be grow fast . head of PST we can not stop every threat . we do the best we could . prime minister we should have do much better . I want to upgrade we national security . Intelligence . Defence . Police . everything . and I be order a public inquiry . a inquiry into what happen and how we respond . something go badly wrong . and we need to find out what . it 's the only way we will get through this . CUT to : * a * * + HH HH HH 117 118 60 . int . ulleval hospital - operating theatre - night 117 a surgical drill cut into bone . a microscopic camera enter brain tissue . on a screen , surgeon remove fragment of breivik 's bullet . viljar be second operation . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - reception - night 118 sveinn on the phone . a tv in the corner while he wait for a answer . see news report of rise public anger . sveinn hi. it 's sveinn . christin ask I to call . she 's suspending the campaign . and torje 's stay here with we . I have tell the school . the news report change on the tv . sveinn ( cont 'd ) ( watch tv ) ok , thanks . she will appreciate that . bye . then he call torje 's school . lastly , he call work . sveinn ( cont 'd ) listen , can you hand over my field work to Erik ? and make sure the new mercury data get put into the system . yeah , I be fine . ( beat ) we have just get to take it one day at a time . he hang up and watch the tv as breivik 's father give a interview : breivik 's father I have not see ander in year . I be appal .. I think it would have be better if he have just kill himself . sveinn walk away . CUT to : + % + F fhf F fh HH + HH hf * 119 120 61 . int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's icu room - continuous 119 sveinn reach viljar 's room . christin and torje be sit . he put he arm around torje . sveinn ( to christin ) you ok ? christin yeah . I be fine . the lead surgeon enter . see they struggle to keep it together . through a angle in the window , we see viljar bring back from theatre . lead surgeon viljar 's in recovery . I be afraid we could not get all the shrapnel . it be too deep . we 'il have to wait for he to wake up , before we can assess the damage . we concern right now be infection . we have put he on some strong antibiotic , and we be monitoring he closely . but there 's nothing more we can do for viljar now . he need to wake up . CUT to : int . lippestad 's office - meeting room - day 120 box of police evidence on the table . lippestad , vibeke def . lawyer , and two assistant leaf through file . vibeke def . lawyer ( v.o . ) it be a very dysfunctional family . breivik 's parent split acrimoniously when he be very young . insert : lippestad look at ABB 's social SERVICES file . vibeke def lawyer his mother could not cope . she write to Social service ask for help . they put breivik under psychiatric observation . they have serious doubt about he mother 's capacity to parent . * + hhh HH HH hk +e * a 62 . lippestad and he father ? vibeke def . lawyer after the marriage collapse , he father cut he off . lippestad and the half -sister ? insert : lippestad look at a photo of young breivik . vibeke def . lawyer she emigrate to California . when he be about 16 I think . lippestad 16 ? 17 ?.. yeah ok .. thank you . vibeke def . lawyer it be just he and he mother after that . insert : lippestad look at photo of teenage breivik . lippestad he be obviously very isolate all the way into adulthood . always have trouble fitting in . lippestad assistant 2 not exactly the picture he paint . vibeke def . lawyer no , not it 's not . insert : lippestad open a file of crime scene photo . photo of dead body . lippestad so what be we talk about here ? pursue insanity as a defense ? lippestad assistant 2 it 's possible . vibeke def . lawyer how else do we explain it ? CUT to : * 121 122 63. ext . breivik 's mother 's house - day 121 lippestad pull up outside . look at the apartment block . CUT to : int . breivik 's mother' house - day 122 lippestad opposite breivik 's mother . the curtain close . lippestad my name be geir lippestad . I have be appoint by you son to lead he defence . now I know ander do not have a relationship with he father . so I want to ask you some question . we need to decide how to build he case . +e breivik 's mother yes , of course . lippestad what be ander like as a child ? breivik 's mother he be a normal boy . kind , clever lot of friend . he love he mother . I be a single parent after * he father leave we , but I make sure * he have a normal childhood . we have a very nice house . lippestad do he have any medical condition ? any mental health issue ? breivik 's mother oh no . lippestad be he ever violent ? breivik 's mother never . he love I . he love affection . lippestad * do you have any dealing with social service ? * he see she hand shaking . she 's on the edge . * 64. breivik 's mother that be nothing . Welfare state stick they nose in . I think I need they help , but I do not . he be fine . lippestad I see. ( beat ) do you have any sense recently that ander be have problem ? breiviks mother no. ( beat ) I tell the police that I see he have gun in he bedroom . but he tell I he need they for hunt . I believe he . lippestad would you consider testify in ander 's defense ? breiviks mother what would I say ? lippestad just that there be problem . in he childhood . it would help he . breivik 's mother but then everyone will know . lippestad ander be entitle to a defense , just like everyone else . breiviks mother but I ’1ll be the most hate mother in Norway . lippestad please consider it . lippestad go to the door . breivik 's mother he 's sort of right though , be not he . about the way the country be go . it 's not what it use to be . CUT to : + % + eh HH * 123 65 . int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's icu room - night 123 viljar still unconscious . christin exhaust . outside several doctor confer with sveinn , obviously concerned . sveinn ( come in ) he should have wake by now . his * temperature be up . might be * infection . * they watch the doctor leave . sveiin I will take torje back to the hotel . will you be ok ? christin I will be fine . sveiin call I if anything change . christin * can you bring I clothes ? * sveiin * sure . * torje ( suddenly ) he tell I to go . he tell I to leave he ! christin * ( hug he ) it 's okay . you do the right thing . * see torje , in anguish . * sveinn * ( put he arm around * he ) * come on . * they leave . christin sit for a moment . then softly , start to sing . a * nursery rhyme . we recognise it . viljar sing it on the island . CUT to : 66 . 124 ext . oslo - dawn 124 CUT to : 125 int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's icu room - early morning 125 a tap at the door . christin look up . it 's lara . lara hi , I be lara ... christin hi lara .. lara I be on the island . I be visit survivor . how 's viljar ? christin he need to wake up . they both look down at viljar . christin ( cont 'd ) be you ok ? lara I be fine . ( beat ) my sister do not make it . christin I be so sorry . she hug lara . it 's a bit awkward . christin ( cont ’d ) what be she name ? lara bano . a moment between they . christin she would be so happy you be alive , lara . sveinn enter with torje , fresh coffee . he look exhaust . see lara . 126 127 christin this be lara . she be on the island . she want to see how viljar be do . sveinn that 's kind . christin do you know viljar well ? lara no , but everyone know viljar . I play against he in the football . he 's good ! sveinn smile . a awkward silence . lara ( cont 'd ) I should go . ( beat ) I x11 come back when he wake up . it 's a small but powerful gesture of faith . christin thank you . she turn back to viljar , still unconscious . 67 . * CUT to : * ext . lippestad 's house - night lippestad park . 126 CUT to : int . lippestad 's house - continuous 127 lippestad enter . signe be asleep in front of the tv . News * report of race crime across the country . he check on rebekah . he change she oxygen tank . lift she * into a more comfortable position . the phone go . he cross the landing . answer . voice you fuck Nazi lover . I know where you live . I be go to make sure you and you family rot in hell . + * 128 128a 68. the line cut . lippestad come back down to the lounge . a furtive look out the window . as from the tv we hear : anger engulf the nation . lippestad ( gently wake signe ) hey ... come on , I ’1ll take you up . as she get up : signe who be that ? lippestad just the office . signe that 's the third one tonight . see lippestad . lippestad do not answer the phone anymore . and keep the child inside . I ‘’1l ask the police to watch the house . just for the moment . while people be angry . CUT to : ext . pm residency - night 128 gjorv ( leave pm 's residency ) I have just meet with the Prime Minister . he have ask I to conduct a search and independent inquiry into the attack on 22 July . I have accept and we work will begin immediately . thank you . CUT to : int . pm 's residency - same time 128a the pm in he hallway address the Press . a + HH hf 69 . prime minister this inquiry be of vital importance . whatever go wrong we must confront it . if we fail to do so , the terrorist will surely win . thank you . CUT to : 129 omitted . 129 130 int . ila prison - holding room - day 130 lippestad opposite breivik . a lippestad my recommendation be that you plead insanity . you will be assess by psychiatrist . the court will decide whether to accept they diagnosis . if they do , you will go to hospital for treatment . not jail . breivik people will be very angry . lippestad it 's the law . breivik will I be able to address the court ? lippestad you will have the same rights as any other defendant . breivik okay . we be decide then . he go to the door , press a button to be let out . breivik ( cont 'd ) geir , be you ok ? lippestad Fine , thank you . breivik you see why I choose you . a + % 131 132 70 . see lippestad . he leave . CUT to : int . ila prison - visitor's toilet - moment later 131 lippestad spit into a sink . nauseous . look at himself in the mirror . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's icu room - middle of nighb2 viljar unconscious . the soft bleep of intensive care machine . christin fitfully sleep . sveinn too . a sleep torje on he lap . angle on viljar 's hand . a slight movement . then movement in he leave eye . a machine register activity . christin ( waking ) viljar ? viljar blink , shifting in and out of consciousness . christin ( cont ’d ) viljar can you hear I ? sveinn wake . he and torje stare at viljar . christin ( cont ’d ) get the doctor ! viljar be eye flicker again . he look like he 's try to speak . christin ( cont ’d ) ( as sveinn go ) viljar ! doctor arrive and begin check . lead surgeon can you try and move you leave arm for I , viljar ? viljar ''s arm shift a little . 133 134 71 . lead surgeon ( cont ’d ) * that 's great . can you tell I where * you live , viljar ? * anxious moment , while viljar try to remember . tries to * form the word . viljar * svalbard . * trauma surgeon that 's very good viljar , well do . relief fill the room . he have memory . viljar slip back unconscious . CUT to : ext . oslo - dawn 133 * a wide shot over Oslo . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's icu room - early morning 134 * as the sun rise , viljar wake again . he 's highly medicate . viljar what happen ? christin look at sveinn , not sure what to say . sveinn ( step in ) it be a terrorist attack . ( beat ) you be shot viljar . viljar be torje ok ? * torje * I be here . * christin * he 's fine , he 's absolutely fine . * viljar there be so much shoot . * 135 72 . sveinn there be just one man . some kind of right wing extremist . viljar process . his mind move slowly with the drug . viljar how many do he kill ? sveinn 77 . ( beat ) ander and Simon be dead , viljar . I be so sorry . viljar begin to cry . desperate moment . CUT to : ext . front of courthouse - day 135 lippestad leave the courthouse through a scrum of journalist , cameras , light . the strain obvious on he face . lippestad ( as he walk down the street ) I have just inform the court that I will be enter a plea of insanity on behalf of Mr. breivik . psychiatric assessment will begin tomorrow . a barrage of flash light and question . reporter 1 how do you think the family will feel , Mr lippestad ? lippestad push through as the question continue . lippestad I can only imagine what they be go through . they have my fullest sympathy . reporter 2 how do you feel about defend the guy who do this ? lippestad I have to defend he . he 's my client . that 's my duty . +e +e + % * 136 137 138 73. reporter 2 Mr lippestad , should people be concerned about you ? you defend a far-right extremist three year ago ... lippestad I have no connection with any far- right organisation , and never have . reporter 2 but you uncle be a member of the Nazi Party in World War two ... lippestad yes , that 's right but it have nothing to do with I . it be 70 year ago . please , I be a lawyer . I believe in a liberal democratic Norway and , like everyone else , I be just do my best to help get we through this . thank you . CUT to : ext . utoya island - viljar shore - a flashback 136 we be back on the island . scream . panic . gunfire . a dark figure hold a gun loom over a clifftop . hard CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's new room - night / day 137 viljar wake , scream . his face clench in pain . later : he head bandage remove to reveal the scar . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - examination room - morning 138 viljar awake , he parent by he side . lead surgeon it 's go to be a long recovery . two year . or three year . ( beat ) ( more ) + % + eh HH 139 140 lead surgeon ( cont 'd ) there be of course damage to the brain and the bullet fragment that be close to the brain stem could shift at any time . I be afraid that could be fatal . christin hold viljar 's hand tight . lead surgeon ( cont ’d ) we be go to have to take it one day at a time . you life will be very different now . on viljar , take this in . lead surgeon ( cont ’d ) do you want to ask I anything ? viljar no . int . ulleval hospital - viljar be new room - later viljar be wheeled back to he room . christin ok . viljar can you give I a minute ? christin yes , of course . christin and sveinn leave the room . 74 . CUT to : 139 see viljar , alone . the pain , the fear , the shock . his fuck up body . hitting he all at once . int . ila prison - assessment room - day breivik chain like hannibal lector . CUT to : 140 lippestad introduce two psychiatrist : dr husby and dr sorheim . * * 75 . lippestad ( see the restraint ) be it necessary to restrain my client ? dr . sorheim for the moment . breivik I imagine every psychiatrist in the world envie you right now . dr . sorheim why do you say that ? breivik because I be the monster . and you get to look inside my head . dr . sorheim do you believe you be a monster ? breivik no . but I know that you do . dr . husby you know what I be think ? breivik oh yes . I always do . within 70 % of accuracy . dr . husby do you know or do you think you know ? breivik I know . and there 's a difference . dr . husby do you think people can read you mind ? breivik sometimes . I think they try . dr . husby do you feel like that before the attack , or be it a new feel ? breivik it 's not new . but it get worse when I be plan the attack . 140 a 141 dr . sorheim worse ? breivik much worse . 76 . see lippestad watch breivik . wonder if this be all a act . omitted . int . ulleval hospital - viljar be new room - day viljar in he hospital bed . a knock at the door . lara hi. viljar hi . what be you do around here ? a moment . lara I live around here . we be check on survivor . how you feel ? viljar I be ok . ( recognise she ) so you make it off the island ok ? lara yeah . I be in the shower block when it start . I manage to run and hide . ( beat ) but I get separate from my sister bano . she do not make it . viljar I be so sorry . lara yeah ... I be sorry about Simon and ander too . you be really close , right ? viljar yeah we be . it 's shit . CUT to : 140 a 141 77 . it sit there . survival be a strange land for both of they . lara how 's the food here ? * viljar that 's shit too ... actually it 's * really shit . * lara want I to smuggle you something in ? viljar shake he head . viljar no , I be fine . I do not have much appetite . lara cigarettes ? viljar * Nice ... except I do not smoke . * he laugh . the first time since the attack . but then pain . he put he right hand to he head . lara do it hurt to laugh ? * viljar no , it 's just , I have to be * careful . lara it 's go to take time . viljar yeah , that 's what everyone keep * say . lara yeah , that 's what they say to I * too. ( a moment between they ) I will leave you in peace . but I can * come back if you want ? * viljar sure . that would be nice . * 78 . lara great . see you . take care . * and she 's go - leave viljar alone . CUT to : 142 scene move to 166a 142 * 143 scene move to 166b 143 * 144 scene move to 166c 144 * 145 int . courthouse - judge chamber - day 145 * we follow lippestad into the chamber . he look across at inga and sveinn , as the judge enter . judge the psychiatric report determine that Mr. breivik suffer from paranoid schizophrenia and be in a state of psychosis during the attack and throughout observation . they recommend treatment in a secure facility . inga ( stand ) you honour , the prosecution will accept this diagnosis . lippestad * thank you , you honour . * see lippestad . a first victory . CUT to : 146 int . ila prison - holding room - day 146 * lippestad watch breivik read he psychiatric report . lippestad this be only the diagnosis . it will be up to the court whether to accept it . ( more ) 79 . lippestad ( cont 'd ) ( hand he a bundle of newspaper , letter ) in the meantime , the judge have modify the term of you detention . breivik scan the headline - furious denunciation of he insanity plea . open the letter . death threat . breivik and I will be allow to speak at the trial ? lippestad this have not be decide yet . breivik it 's very important . ( hand lippestad a list ) there be witness I need to cross - examine . lippestad scan a who 's - who of Norway , start with the King . then the Prime Minister . lippestad ander , you can not call the Prime Minister . Norway be not on trial . you be . breivik be you sure about that ? see lippestad , as the sound of a crowd build . CUT to darkness : 147 move to 149b . 147 148 move to 149a . 148 149 int . pm 's residency - night 149 the pm and he aide enter the hallway . through the window , the pm see the wait press outside . aide oystein you be go to get question about breivik 's insanity plea . there 's a lot of anger out there . * * +e 149a 80 . see pm . he nod as he put on he coat . straighten he tie . aide marit we should be prepare for the possibility that he do not go prison . pm pick up he bag . aide oystein to you be go to have to address the election too . prime minister I understand . thank you . pm exit through the main door to ... ext . residency - continuous the pm emerge to ... flashlight . a wait PRESS pool , and a CUT to : 149a lobby of question : reporter 1 Prime Minister ! any comment on Mr breivik 's insanity plea ? reporter 2 be breivik make a mockery of justice , Prime Minister ? reporter 3 how do you respond to ordinary Norwegians who think Mr. breivik should be make accountable for he action ? prime minister like all Norwegians , I be follow the legal proceedings closely , but it would be inappropriate for I , as Prime Minister , to comment on a on-go court case . reporter 3 what about the election , Prime Minister ? be you go to postpone they ? +e + % + h fh hf +e 149b 150 81 . prime minister the election will go ahead as schedule . it be important that we democratic process continue as normal . reporter 2 do you honestly feel we can have election so soon after the attack ? when there be so much anger ? prime minister we be be test as never before . in we court . in we heart , and in we mind . we have to trust we system . trust that it will find a way to bring we through safely . together . and I believe it will . the pm get into he wait car . CUT to : ext . courthouse - day 149b a group of lawyer , lead by family lawyer ( female , 40s ) mette larsen , walk towards court through a crowd of journalist . reporter 1 ms larsen , how do the family feel about breivik 's insanity plea ? family lawyer I can say on behalf of my client , that they strongly oppose Mr. breivik 's psychiatric diagnosis , and as the coordinate lawyer for the family and survivor of the 22nd July attack , I will be petition the court today to order further assessment . we demand that Mr. breivik face justice and be hold accountable for he action . flurry of flashlight . omitted . CUT to : 150 + h fh HH hk + eh HH * 151 152 82. int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's new room - day 151 a nurse carefully remove viljar 's bandage on he shoulder . revealing angry red wound . christin watch . see viljar be in pain . christin ( to nurse ) can we get he something for the - viljar no . no more morphine . later : christin feed viljar . dab he mouth with a cloth . viljar silent , submissive . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - corridor to meeting area - day 152 christin push viljar in the wheelchair . her phone ring . she turn it onto silent . viljar how 's the campaign go ? christin people be angry . viljar should not you be there ? christin I be not leave you . viljar so how do that work on election night ? christin I can skype . viljar skype ? seriously ? christin yeah , skype . maybe you could skype with I ? if you be up to it ... viljar only if you win ... * * 83. christin ( the first time she 's see he smile ) I will try . her phone go again . viljar take it . christin I ' 1l call they later . viljar it 's a fuck election . take it . a moment between they . she take the call , leave viljar . he look around , uncertain in the busy corridor . then he hear the sound of a tv . wheel towards it ... tv report ...- Norwegians be convinced breivik be try to cheat justice , and have react with a outpour of national anger . citizen vox pop he kill 77 people and do not go to jail ? it make I ashamed to be norwegian . citizen vox pop 2 I feel so sorry for that parent . the think of he walk the street ... family lawyer the family have make they submission to the court , in the strongest term . we oppose Mr. breivik 's insanity plea , and we await the court 's decision . viljar turn a corner . come face - to-face with breivik on the tv . tv report ( over footage of breivik lead into courtroom ) ( more ) +e +e 153 154 155 84 . tv report ( cont 'd ) meanwhile breivik 's trial have be set for 16th April ... and we hard CUT to : ext . utoya island - viljar shore - a flashback 153 gunfire . running . scream . and that dark figure loom over the clifftop . christin ( 0.0.v ) viljar ! CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - corridor to meeting area - same time christin ( bring he back to reality ) viljar ! see viljar . battle fear and rage . christin ( cont ’d ) he can not get you . he 's never go to get you . CUT to : int . pm' residency - live room - night 155 the pm watch election result . alone . the mood be sombre . the Labour Party retain power , but the right have make strike gain across the country . tv reporter ... there be no question Norway be follow the european trend . hard - line right - wing party be grow in strength ... and the question have to be ask , be people lose faith in the system ? be they beginning to give up on democracy ? hold on the pm . CUT to : +e 156 157 85 . int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's new room - night 156 christin on she laptop . her family around she . christin ( to skype camera ) I be honoure to become Mayor of svalbard , and I want to thank everyone for be so understanding . it 's be a difficult time , but hopefully we will be home soon . ( beat ) oh and viljar have a message . she adjust the computer . viljar ( this be difficult ) hi , everybody ! hope you can hear I ? and I do not look too scary ! ( he struggle , then ) I be very proud of my mum . hopefully they x11 let I out of this place soon and we will all get home for Christmas . christin ( step in ) so tonight we be go to have a little celebration here in the hospital . and in the morning I '11l get to work , because we have so much to do to heal we country . she end the call . the room subdued , the whole family strangely empty . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - physio room - morning 157 viljar try to stand . a physiotherapist assist . his good hand push down hard into the bench . his leg shake as he force he body up . phsyio steady ... viljar take a step . then he leg buckle . he shout out in pain . the physio catch he . 158 Close on viljar , all energy spend , angry and afraid . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital garden - day 86 . 158 viljar walk slowly with a frame . manage the pain as best he can . lara next to he . viljar I be so fuck helpless . I mean look at I . I can barely walk . I can not eat on my own . I can not piss without be terrify . ( beat ) it make I so fuck angry . lara you want to stop ? viljar no lara go slowly ... viljar and I get flashback .. do you get the fuck flashback ? lara yeah . I have one yesterday . some people across the street start to run . for a bus or something completely ordinary . but I start to run too . I do not know why , but I feel like he be right behind I , over my shoulder , he be this big ... viljar ( interrupt ) 20 - foot high . with a huge gun . just fuck huge . High above you , right ? lara yeah . exactly ... ( beat ) I just keep run . viljar that 's easy for you to say ... + HH hf +e * 87 . lara right ! sorry . viljar no , it 's ok - you want to race ? they laugh . later : they sit in the hospital cafe . viljar look over to a newspaper picture of breivik . viljar ( cont 'd ) they be say he 's insane . do you think he 's insane ? lara I do not know . maybe . viljar I see he like this close . ( beat ) he know what he be do . definitely . lara what be you go to do ? when you get out ? viljar I do not know ... I can not see the future . it 's like I be still there on the rock . like I be out there in no man 's land . do you know what I mean ? lara yeah . but we survive . right ? viljar yeah . but what do that even mean ? see viljar 's doubt . lara I really do not know ... that we have to try to live ? CUT to : + % a * * 158a 159 160 88. int . ila prison . breivik' cell - same time 158a breivik in he cell ... CUT to : ext /int . courthouse - judge chamber - night 159 lippestad up the front step . look concerned . we follow he into the chamber . he see the prosecution lawyer inga and sveinn . and family lawyer . the judge enter . judge artnzen after careful consideration the Court have decide to allow further psychiatric assessment of Mr. breivik. ( see larsen stand ) yes , Ms. larsen ? family lawyer you honour , the family welcome this decision . and they thank you . we will call we own psychiatric expert to give evidence in the trial . lippestad ( stand ) you honour , the court have already have Mr. breivik psychiatrically examine . allow further assessment have no precedent in law . judge artnzen Mr , lippestad , the court be try to do what 's best for Norway . see lippestad . this be a reverse . CUT to : int . ila prison - holding room - day 160 lippestad watch breivik read the Court 's judgement . breivik why be they do this ? +e +e +e 161 162 89 . lippestad they want you to answer for what you do . breivik but this be my trial . lippestad victim have rights too . they have to be able to call they witness and testify , just as you can . it 's they right , ander . hold on breivik , angry at be check for the first time . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - viljar 's new room - day 161 viljar pack he thing into a bag ( now with a stick ) . sudden silent shard of memory : ander and simon 's face , laugh as they unpack by they tent . CUT to : ext . ulleval hospital - MAIN entrance - day 162 lara watch from the curb , as viljar be help into the back of a people - carrier . he sit next to torje . torje quickly look away . lara hi ! I want to see you off . will you be alright ? viljar yeah . it 's gonna be good to get home . what about you ? will you be ok ? lara yep . I will be fine . I have to look for a job to keep myself busy , so I do not think about thing . sveinn walk over to they . sveinn Nice to see you again . +e * + % +e +e 163 163a 164 90 . lara you too. ( to viljar ) I 'il call you . viljar sure . christin come up and say goodbye to lara . viljar get into back of the van . lara we will have that race when you get back to Oslo then . viljar I be go to do some serious training and then I ’1l1 beat you ! christin close the door and get into the car . lara watch the car pull away . CUT to : ext . svalbard - aerial - day 163 a remote island in the arctic sea . 2000 km from oslo . snow and mountain wilderness . a kind of eden . CUT to : int . hanssen car — continuous 163a viljar and family drive towards the small community of longyearbyen . CUT to : ext / int . svalbard - viljar 's home - day 164 they pull up outside a small clapper-board home . a snow - mobile park outside . viljar get out of the car . he struggle to walk . they enter and christin help vi1 jar with he coat . christin do you want I to ... viljar be careful . +e + % 165 165 a 91 . torje go ahead of he to he bedroom and shut the door . sveinn take the case upstairs . alone in he bedroom , viljar see the life he once have . smiling photo with he friend , he arsenal poster , he skis . christin do you want I to help with you shoe ? viljar no , I can do it . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home - live room - continuous 165 meanwhile upstairs , christin unpack . sveinn can feel she tension . he catch she . she stifles tear . sveinn breath with I . in - out . she breath deeply . time -lapse to : int . svalbard . viljar be home - later 165a torje in he bedroom , headphone on . viljar in he bedroom , see a car approach . a knock at the front door . christin answer it . simon and ander 's parent , last see at the hotel . a terrible moment . simon 's father ( hold out a bottle ) Simon and ander would have want we to welcome you home . sveinn I be so sorry . they embrace . conflict in grief and love . CUT to : 166 166a 166b 166c int . ila prison - breivik 's cell - day breivik angrily pace . deep in think . breivik ( suddenly ) Guard . ext . play school - day establisher of playschool . kide play outside . int . play school - empty classroom - continuous 92 . 166 CUT to : 166a CUT to : 166b signe and lippestad in a meeting with headmistress . headmistress there have be complaint . from parent . because you be defend such a dangerous man . lippestad meaning ? headmistress they be worried about the school be target . headmistress ( cont ’d ) it 's a very difficult time . we have to think about what 's best for everyone . signe seriously ? headmistress I be sorry . but you need to find another school . ext . play school - STREET - continuous CUT to : 166c lippestad and signe leave the school , with they daughter . +e + % + % +e + % * 167 167a 168 signe there 's frogner down by the museum . at least it 's nearer . lippestad be it good ? signe it 's okay . it be not the one we choose . ( suddenly she break down ) I be sorry . I be sorry . lippestad hold she . 93. and we CUT to : omitted . int . ila prison corridor - night lippestad be lead by a guard down the corridor ... int . ila prison —- holding room - night breivik I want to change my plea . I be not insane . lippestad ( have not see this come ) but you agree to this defense . the psychiatric assessment say you be ill . breivik I be play a role . I be play the monster in a nightmare . but I be not a monster . I be a soldier ina war , do my duty . a leader . and a leader do not give away he power . I have allow the family to take control , but this be my trial . I decide how it end . I have to prove this attack mean something . ( beat ) and I need to be judge for what I do . 167 167a CUT to : 168 * * + * * + % + h HH hhh hk 169 170 94 , lippestad you will go to prison . for the rest of you life . breivik I have to finish what I start . stand up in the court . I have to stand up for what I believe in . that 's the third attack . that 's the whole point of this . that be how I win . CUT to : ext . ila prison - night 169 lippestad walk away from the prison . CUT to : int . lippestad 's office - day 170 pile of file across every surface . lippestad look tired . lippestad ( to he team ) he want to change he defense . he want to plead guilty . lippestad assistant 1 have he give any reason ? I mean , why ? lippestad he want to stay in control . vibeke def lawyer and he know the consequence ? lippestad he want to stand up and be accountable for he action . lippestad assistant 2 it 's go to be very hard . the psychiatric assessment be clear . he 's be diagnose insane . and the prosecution be legally oblige to stick with it . so how do we get around that ? a + % a 171 172 172a 172b 95 . lippestad ok so we have to start again . to show that he know what he be do . every step of the way . that only someone rational could have plan and execute something this complex . and we have to look into the far-right . find witness who share he belief . so we can show that he 's not alone in he view . that 's the only way we can do this . CUT to : omitted . 171 omitted . 172 ext . svalbard - day 172a Wide shot of longyearbyen . hemmed in by mountain on one side , and the Arctic Sea on the other . a pick - up pull up at a remote building . sveinn get out . CUT to : int . svalbard mayor' office - day 172b christin in she new office with she team . christin ( to the group ) we need to generate new idea . New way of bring investment back into the local economy . coal price be fall . we can not rely on the mine anymore . fishing too . it 's up to we to look for new way to secure svalbard 's future . CUT to : + HH HH HH +h hhh oh * 172c 173 174 175 96 . int . sveinn 's office - day 172c sveinn in he more spartan office space . a couple of computer . Science equipment , outdoor gear , chart tracking migration pattern across the Arctic Sea . see sveinn , try to engage with he work . CUT to : int . svalbard hospital - mri unit - day 173 viljar lie in a mri tunnel . the screen show he damage brain . CUT to : int . svalbard hospital - examination room - day 174 a eye doctor carefully fit a prosthetic eye into viljar 's empty socket . Bright blue , but lifeless . second doctor ( 0.0.v ) how be you viljar ? CUT to : int . svalbard hospital - doctor 's room - day 175 viljar in front of a second doctor . viljar ( he shrug ) my head hurt . all the time . and my shoulder . ( beat ) I get phantom pain ... second doctor that 's natural . see viljar , it do not feel natural to he . second doctor ( cont ’d ) this be go to be a long recovery , viljar . the bullet fragment be less than a tenth of a millimeter from the major nerve centre in you brain . the slight movement - 175a 176 176a 176b 97 . viljar ( cut he off ) I know what the fuck danger be . CUT to : ext . svalbard - STREET - day 175a viljar walk painfully back from the hospital . a sudden noise - he flinch , frighten . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar ’'s home - bathroom - day 176 Close up in a mirror : viljar , topless , look at he false eye . the red scar across he skull , shoulder . his deform hand . in the background : breivik be on tv . dominate the headline . holding the country to ransom . hold on viljar . no escape . as we track in , we feel he anger rise . he punch the mirror . CUT to : ext . viljar be home - continuous 176a viljar slew he snow mobile down the hill . CUT to : int . viljar 's home - same time 176b torje run up the stair torje mum , dad ! christin and sveinn look out the window . see viljar speed away . they run down to the pick-up . and we hard CUT to : 177 178 179 98. omitted . 177 move to 187a 178 ext . svalbard - snow - snowmobile - night 179 a Pov at speed through dense snow . viljar on the snow mobile . Riding hard . back to the Pov again : round a bend . see viljar push on . faster , faster . as if dare to crash . now light behind ... sveinn and christin come after he in a pick -up . desperate to catch he . viljar turn a sharp bend . faster still . another bend . and another . see viljar , close on the tree . close , close ... until at the last minute he plough into a soft snow drift . sveinn ( out of the pickup ) viljar !! he and christin run over to he . viljar walk away . christin wait ! viljar I can not live like this ! think I be go to get better . I be not . it 's all still here . in my head . I can not get rid of it . they get closer . he turn . viljar ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be I suppose to do ? tell I ! tell I ! sveinn I do not know . I wish it have be I not you . this land . * * + * 180 181 182 99 . christin ( hug he ) it 's ok . let 's go home , ok . CUT to : int . lippestad 's home - night 180 lippestad search far-right forum online : fascism , racism , violence . ancient hatred spew out of he computer , pour out across Europe , across the world . see signe watch , heavily pregnant , she unease impossible to hide . CUT to : ext . east oslo - extremist 's house - day 181 a part of Oslo we have not see before . poorer , harsh . neglected . lippestad park outside a block of flat . a huddle of muslim men on chair outside a corner shop . lippestad head for a tower block . see far- right graffiti . the norwegian flag . kide face through the window . he enter the block and get into lift . Doors close . CUT to : int . east olso —- extremist 's apartment - day 182 lippestad sit in front of a white man ( 40s ) . lippestad my client ander breivik write about you in he manifesto . he obviously admire you . extremist many people admire I . but it 's not I they admire . it 's my idea about the world . lippestad do you ever meet he ? * * 100 . extremist he ask . but I be careful who I work with . what I do , who I meet . ( beat ) he 's not from round here you know . he 's from you end of town . but yes , we share the same vision for the world . lippestad he say a war be come . extremist I would say it 's already start ... lippestad be you a member of the knight 's templar ? extremist there be many other organisation . lippestad the Nordic resistance Movement ? extremist all across scandinavia . Northern Europe . we be strong in eastern Europe too of course . very strong in the UK too . New group form all the time . lippestad how about America ? extremist stormfront . grow fast . very fast . and join up with we here in Europe . lippestad how do you communicate ? extremist where you can not see we . in chat room . the Dark web. lippestad , with every al - Qaeda attack , we grow in strength . every migrant boat that cross the Med , more people join . there 's a lot of fear and anger out there ... and that 's why , tomorrow will belong to we . that hang there . + * * * 101 . lippestad will you testify in my client 's defense ? CUT to : 183 omitted . 183 184 omitted . 184 185 omitted . 185 186 omitted . 186 187 int . svalbard - viljar 's home - kitchen - day 187 christin receive a email . her expression change . go downstairs . put on coat . christin ( see viljar ) you ok ? viljar yeah . christin I be just go to see you father . viljar watch he mother drive away . CUT to : 187a ext . svalbard - sveinn 's office - day 187a sveinn tagging bird in cage , 400 m from he office . christin arrive . christin we just get a email . from the lawyer . there 's a briefing on the mainland . they want we to go . so we know what to expect from the trial . sveinn you should go . 188 189 102 . christin sveinn . sveinn what ? christin we both need to engage with this . it 's important . sveinn engage nearly cost we son they life . christin they be still here . sveinn be they ? ( beat ) I do not care about he . I do not care about ander fuck breivik and he trial . and I just want we to get on with we life . that 's all . just that . we have get they home . I just want we boy back . and I do not want any trial stop it . christin ok . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home - live room - day 188 viljar alone . on tv : relentless coverage of breivik 's imminent trial . he turn it off . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home - upstair hallway - day 189 viljar outside torje 's close door . loud music from inside . viljar torje ? ( no answer ) I be go into town . do you want to come ? 190 191 103 . no answer . CUT to : ext . svalbard - MAIN STREET - day 190 viljar walk slowly along longyearbyen 's main street . family , kide . a festive atmosphere . the sun be about to return . viljar walk on , head down . CUT to : int . svalbard - cafe - continuous 191 viljar at a table alone . watch student on the street outside , laugh . then : voice ( 0.s. ) viljar ! the voice be on viljar 's blind side . panic . and then he see : simon 's father . viljar hi. sorry . I do not see you . simon 's father that 's ok . I do not want to disturb you . viljar it 's fine . simon 's father how be you ? viljar I be ok . it 's take a while . you know ... I be sorry . I mean to visit . how be you ? how 's tone ? simon 's father it 's tough . viljar yeah . 104 . simon 's father listen , we be go ice-fish this weekend . to Simon 's spot . * would you like to come ? there 's * plenty of room in the cabin . * viljar thanks ... i.. can I let you know ? simon 's father sure . he look disappointed . viljar sorry . I will come . I be just ... * it 's just a bit ... * simon 's father it 's ok . I understand . viljar stand , painfully . viljar sorry . he leave . CUT to : 191a ext . uy@ya island - viljar shore - flashback 191a viljar lie on the rock , bleed out . viljar Simon ? no reply . only distant gunfire . muffled cry of pain on the wind . hard CUT to : 192 int . svalbard - viljar 's home - later 192 viljar close the front door behind he . * see torje at the end of the corridor . * viljar * hey . * 193 193a 105 . torje hey viljar do you want to watch a movie or something ? torje sure . maybe later . I be just do some music . viljar ok . torje go into he room . close he door . viljar go to torje 's door . viljar ( cont 'd ) torje , talk to I . torje I be fine . viljar no you be not . you know you can talk to I . torje I do not need to . you be the one who get hurt , not I . viljar you be there too . see torje , remember the island . viljar ( cont 'd ) I be sorry that mum and dad have be look after I so much . but we be home now . it 's go to be ok . it hang there . viljar walk away . CUT to : 193 ext . tromso establisher ( airport town ) 193a CUT to : * + * 194 106 . int . tromso - HOTEL / meeting room - day 194 follow christin towards a room , crowded with parent and they lawyer . she pause outside . hear a loud argument in progress . she open the door and slip into the back as the argument rage . parent 1 I just do not see how it can be right that he 's allow to speak . my daughter can not leave she bedroom because of he . he break she , and now he get to stand up there and tell we how he do it . family lawyer the court have to observe he rights . parent 1 but he do not deserve rights ! parent 2 he 's try to use this trial as a platform for he propaganda . family lawyer I will be there to ensure that do not happen . parent 2 but it be happen . that 's exactly what he 's do . family lawyer look , the judge be let we bring we own psychiatric expert , and we be close the trial with victim impact statement - parent 3 they should just hang he . family lawyer listen , I promise you , we will have we chance to - parent 3 but it 's not enough ! this be not justice ! they should just string he up . be do with it . see christin . finally she can not take it anymore . + % + eh HH + % +e 195 196 107 . christin ( to everyone ) we child will not get justice by execute he . ( beat ) I know you be angry . I be angry too . and my son come back . many of you child do not . but we can not surrender to we anger , no matter how much we feel it . somehow we have to learn to trust the world again . to trust each other . we have to reconnect . and that begin when we walk into that courtroom . ( beat ) we power will come from how we respond to this man . not in how we silence he . we have to trust in justice . that 's the only way we will win . CUT to : ext . tromso - HOTEL - later 195 christin by she car . she hand family lawyer christin ! christin a letter . family lawyer ( cont ’d ) would you mind give this to viljar ? ( beat ) I would like he to testify , if you think he 's up to it ? christin I will give it to he . family lawyer thanks . CUT to : ext . svalbard - STREET - night 196 viljar walk away from the house . open the envelope . read . + eh HH * + h * 108. christin ( oov ) * they want he to testify ... * CUT to : * 197 int . svalbard - viljar 's home - live room - later 197 angle on viljar out of the window . tv on in live room . sveinn he do not have to do it . we can get the doctor to excuse he . christin * maybe he need to . * sveinn * what do that mean ? * christin * maybe he need to face it . * sveinn how do we know it will not set he back ? christin we do not . it 's he choice . CUT to : 198 ext . svalbard - STREET - bedroom - same time 198 * viljar get out phone and dial . * lara 's voice viljar ? viljar hey . lara 's voice I be worried about you . * viljar I be fine ... ( beat ) I just receive a letter . they want I to appear . at the trial . + * 199 200 201 109 . lara I too . on viljar , flash of relief . lara ( cont 'd ) do you think you can face he ? suddenly we be back on the island . gunfire . scream . and the dark figure loom above . lara 's voice viljar ? viljar force himself back . viljar yeah . I be here . lara 's voice I say , do you think you can do it ? viljar I can not even walk down the fuck street . lara maybe we need to try . viljar yeah ... I need to think about it . I will call you later . bye . lara 's voice bye . see viljar alone . CUT to : move to 214a 199 ext . oslo - dawn 200 Oslo at sunrise . omitted . 201 201a 202 203 204 205 205 a 110 . ext . ila prison - day 201a breivik 's white van convoy leave through the prison gate . CUT to : ext . courthouse - day 1 - day 202 angry crowd mass behind barrier . armed police , sniffer * dog . and the world 's media too . CUT to : int . courtroom - day 1 - day 203 follow lippestad into the empty courtroom . a moment on he own . then the prosecution lawyer , inga and sveinn enter . then the family lawyer and she team . the soft shuffle of legal papers , as we hear the gather sound of a angry roar outside . and we CUT to : ext . courthouse - underground car park - day 1 - same timr04 breivik arrive through a gauntlet of rage . into the underground car park ... * CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home - same time 205 * viljar turn on the tv . * CUT to : * int . pm office - same time 205a * he turn on the tv . * CUT to : 206 207 208 209 111 . int . courthouse - stairwell - day 1 - continuous 206 breivik be lead up through the building ... CUT to : int . courtroom - day 1 - continuous 207 lippestad wait for breivik to arrive . the courtroom be crowded . bank of PRESS and cameras . Broadcasting live . he look to he right : parent , just a few foot away . that who have argue with christin . a ripple through the room as breivik enter . lippestad watch as he be uncuffed . turn to face the crowded courtroom . look at the parent . go from face - to - face . then turn and punch the air with a Nazi salute . the room recoil with shock . cameras click . see lippestad , he know the third attack be a call to arm . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home - continuous 208 viljar watch breivik 's salute . CUT to : int . courtroom - day 1 - day 209 the judge nod to the prosecution . inga ( stand ) on 22 July 2011 , ander behr breivik carry out a dual terror attack take the life of 77 innocent people . hundred more be injure and leave forever scar by he action . the fact be clear . first the car bomb , then the mass shoot . there be over - whelming evidence , include he own sign confession . ( pause ) so the question be not whether he commit the crime , the question be how should he be judge ? ( more ) + h fh HH HH HH HH 210 211 212 112 . inga ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you honour , the law be clear . if there be any doubt about the sanity of a person accuse , we be require by law to request treatment . not imprisonment . lippestad watch the parent , as they impassively listen . inga ( cont 'd ) give the court -order , psychiatric diagnosis , the prosecution believe there be clearly significant doubt as to ander behr breivik 's state of mind on 22nd July . therefore , we request the court to find he guilty , but sentence he to mandatory psychiatric treatment in a secure facility . inga sit . the judge nod to lippestad . lippestad ( stand ) you honour , we will not seek to deny the crime commit on July 22nd . however , we will argue that Mr. breivik be not psychotic during this attack . instead , we say he know exactly what he be do . ( feel breivik 's eye on he ) and though it be difficult to comprehend ander breivik 's view of the world , we will show that he be not alone in he opinion . there be other who think the way he do . increase number of people , all over the west . his be political act . time -lapse to : omitted after be shot . 210 omitted . 211 move to 220a 212 113 . int . courtroom - day 2 - day 213 breivik perform another Nazi salute . breivik ( he open statement ) I stand here today on behalf of european who be be deprive of they ethnic , indigenous , cultural , and territorial rights . ( beat ) the prosecution tell you I be insane . they do this because they fear I . because I have commit the most sophisticated , the most spectacular , political assassination in Europe since World War two . ( beat , he turn a page ) and why ? because Norway , Europe . this be not real democracy . be it democratic for a nation not to be consult about whether it become multicultural ? to fail to ask you people for permission before welcoming immigrant ? to force they to become a minority in they own capital ? there can be no democracy whilst the liberal elite in Europe be in power . Democratic struggle be pointless . many will realise this in the come decade and pick up arm . just as I do . he turn the page . family lawyer larsen stand to object . family lawyer the defendant have say enough , you honour . judge artnzen you must hurry up , Mr. breivik . breivik I must be allow to finish my statement ! family lawyer this be extremely upsetting for the family . + % + h a HH HH ha hhh HH HH hhh HH HH hf * 213a 214 214a 114 . lippestad ( stand ) you honour , the defendant must be allow to finish he statement . judge artnzen ( beat ) you may continue , Mr. breivik . lippestad sit uncomfortable . aware of the parent gaze . a few walk out in protest . but most remain . impassive . breivik when peaceful revolution be make impossible , then violent revolution be the only option . lippestad look at the parent . they anger and they powerful dignity . feel the shame of he position . breivik ( cont 'd ) I demand to be acquitted because I act in defense of my country . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home —- continuous 213a track in on viljar . as he watch the end of breivik 's testimony . and we hard CUT to : move to 214b 214 int . svalbard - gymnasium - day 214a viljar at the edge of a empty gymnasium . he drop he stick , walk out towards the middle , unaid . half - way he stop . unsteady on he foot . see the effort on he face . viljar ( turn to svalbard doctor by the door ) I have get eight week . I want to walk unassist . no stick . no shaking . no breathlessness . svalbard doctor viljar , you be still very weak . +e + % + % +e + % * 214b 215 115 . viljar just tell I what I need to do . CUT to : ext . inquiry hq - evening 214b the pm 's car pull into the basement of the anonymous government building . CUT to : int . inquiry hq - interview room —- continuous 215 the pm sit alone in front of the inquiry panel , staff at table to one side . gjiorv thank you for come today , Prime Minister . ( beat ) I want to begin by explore to what extent government be aware of the threat pose by ander behr breivik prior to he attack on 22nd July . prime minister the Security service tell I they have no warning . he operate completely out of sight . gjorv he could not have be detect in advance ? prime minister that be my understanding . yes . gjorv Prime Minister , we investigation have discover that Mr. breivik 's purchase of chemical use in the preparation of the bomb come to the attention of the custom service in January 2011 . but this be not act upon by the Security service . prime minister that be not what I be tell , madam chair . + HH hf + % + % + of HH HH HH + % 116 . gjorv can we turn now to the issue of physical security around the government Quarter itself . ( beat ) it appear from the papers there be proposal discuss inside government to improve physical security around the Prime Minister 's Office . the pm read . gjiorv be you aware of this discussion ? prime minister in general term . yes . gjorv so can I ask you why government do not act ? prime minister there be delay . concern that Oslo 's city centre would become a close area . we do not want we government cut off from the people . ( beat ) it be a mistake . clearly . gigrv I see . prime minister ( beat ) if mistake be make , they be make in good faith . in the most difficult circumstance . and I take full responsibility for any and all failing . that 's all I can say . CUT to : + % + f** k * + eh HH 215a int . 22nd JULY inquiry hq - evening 215 a through the glass window we see the pm silently continue he testimony . CUT to : 117 . 216 omitted . 216 217 int . courtroom - day 3 - day 217 inga Mr breivik , can I ask you about the Knights templar ? who be they ? breivik the Knights templar be a network . patriot , who think the way I do and be willing take up arm just as I do , in order to defend they way of life . inga how big be this network ? breivik we have member in every country . all across the West . inga Mr. breivik , you tell police that this organisation be set up in London in 2002 . be that true ? breivik yes . after 9/11 . inga do you attend this first meeting ? breivik I do . inga and what happen ? breivik I be give my mission . this mission . inga I see . why do they pick you ? breivik well do not forget , I be a key figure in the student parliament , at school . laughter in the courtroom . + % + + +e hf + % +e * +h of * 118. inga Mr. breivik , the police have track you movement in 2002 and find no evidence that you attend such a meeting . can you explain this ? breivik it be a covert meeting . inga but now it be no longer a secret , can you prove this meeting actually take place ? breivik no comment . inga can you tell I the name of that who attend the meeting ? breivik no comment . inga the name of anyone in the Knights templar ? breivik I will not betray my brother . inga Mr. breivik , it will help you case if you can give we some , any , evidence that the Knights templar actually exist . breivik ( with steel ) here be the problem in society today . clearly expose . you say I be mad because I tell you many people out there think and feel as I do . about immigrant . about multiculturalism . but be it my madness or be you , the liberal elite , so out of touch that you do not want to hear what we be say ? ( more ) a + % +e + % * * * * + * + HH HH HH hf 218 219 119 . breivik ( cont 'd ) and what do it say about you , that rather than listen , you call mad , that of we with whom you disagree ? CUT to : int . svalbard - gymnasium - day 218 viljar in physio . sweating hard . battle the pain . the physio watch from afar . look concerned . radio reporter ( oov ) there be no doubt that ander breivik be in control . he 's use the trial for he own purpose ... finally viljar 's leg buckle . viljar on he hand and knee . pushes himself up again . CUT to : int . courtroom - day 3 - day 219 lippestad be cross-examing breivik now . lippestad Mr breivik , can you describe you preparation for the attack ? breivik I be meticulous . first , I sell my asset . then I carefully begin to assemble the component of the bomb . I do it very slowly of course , so the authority would not see I . lippestad can you give I a example ? breivik yes . a component of the bomb be find in aspirin tablet . I know it would raise red flag if I attempt to buy too many pack at one time . so I create a purchase route , which cover twenty drug - store . it take I four hour to complete . on foot . ( more ) +e + eh HH 220 220a 120 . breivik ( cont 'd ) I then wait seven to fourteen day before I begin the route again . month after month . two pack at a time . I be very careful . lippestad would you say you can feel empathy ? breivik yes . I be a normal person . I be sane . there be a distinction between political extremism and insanity . they be very different thing . ( beat ) however , I need a lot of mental preparation for this mission . I know this attack would be highly violent . there be a risk that , through empathy , I might lose my nerve . so I learn a ancient form of meditation . to control my emotion . I use it during the attack , and I be use it right now . ( beat ) shall I make this easier for you all ? I will forego any appeal , any re-trial , spare the family all for this , if the court find I sane . on lippestad , watch breivik hold the justice system hostage . CUT to : int . svalbard - gymnasium - night 220 viljar training hard . push himself to the point of fail . but he 's a long way away ... CUT to : int . svalbard - gymnasium changing room - later 220a viljar alone . shatter . christin and sveinn come in . +e * + % + * finally : 121. viljar ( see they ) I be not ready . christin you do not have to do it . it 's okay . viljar it 's not okay . I need to do it . christin then do not push yourself so hard . just say a few word . that 's all . viljar and say what ? christin what happen . the truth . viljar what that I cry in my sleep ? that I can not talk to stranger ? that I be frighten of die ? I would rather not go than let he hear that . christin the truth do not make you weak . viljar it do not make I feel strong . sveinn what be it you want ? viljar I want to smash he . smash he to a bloody pulp . smash he face in . for what he do to everyone . to Simon and ander , and torje , and you . I want to make he see what he 's do and what it 's mean . I just want to beat he . sveinn well then this be you chance . CUT to : * * 122. 221 int . courtroom - day 4 - day 221 lippestad cross -examine the far-right extremist . breivik watch closely . lippestad how long have you be active in the politics of the far-right in Norway ? extremist my whole adult life . lippestad and you share Mr. breivik ' 's opinion on the subject of immigration ? extremist I do . lippestad and you agree with he that multiculturalism be a threat to Europe ? extremist absolutely . lippestad be you aware of other who share this opinion ? extremist many people . I would say million . would not you ? see breivik , vindicate . lippestad have you ever meet the defendant ? extremist I have meet he online . lippestad Online ? extremist in chat forum , attach to mythic , military game like World of warcraft . call of duty . we movement often congregate there . ( more ) * * +e 123. extremist ( cont 'd ) it 's a place to train , to share idea . lippestad recruit ? extremist sure . lippestad how do the defendant strike you ? extremist he like to lead mission online . to strategise . lippestad be he rational ? extremist perfectly . lippestad be he a leader ? extremist he certainly want to be . lippestad I have no more question . inga stand , to begin the prosecution 's cross-examination . inga be Mr. breivik you leader ? extremist no . inga you would not follow Mr. breivik ? extremist I think other in we movement be better qualified than he . inga stronger than Mr. breivik ? extremist for sure . see lippestad glance at breivik . 222 inga better than Mr. breivik ? extremist definitely . inga would they be capable of do what ander behr breivik do ? extremist let I tell you something about we movement . the alt -right . the far- right . whatever you want to call we . ( beat ) we be deadly serious . about seize power . change society completely . about total victory . ( beat ) not singular , violent act that do not contribute to that goal . the tide of history be flow we way again . nothing must get in its way . see breivik watch intently . she wait . inga so I will repeat the question . would you , hold you view - the same view as Mr. breivik - have do what he do ? extremist ( a beat ) no. I would not . 124 . see lippestad and breivik . for the first time , a flash of real anger on breivik 's face . see the family , register the win . inga thank you . int . courthouse - holding room - continuous lippestad enter . breivik be pace . CUT to : 222 * + h HH hhh hk +e 125. breivik he 's a coward . he 's a fuck coward . lippestad he be the best I could get . breivik to betray I like that . you never betray a brother . never . you know I look up to he . I trust he . I fuck trust he . lippestad there be no - one else . breivik there must be someone who can testify . lippestad ander , there 's no - one who will agree to defend you action . breivik what about my mother ? she could say I be normal . lippestad she will not do it either . see breivik . this land . breivik she 's weak . lippestad I see she . she 's not well . breivik it 's always about she . always . pathetic . do you know there 's not once when I could rely on she . not even once . ( beat ) okay . I do not need anyone . I never have . CUT to : 223 int . courtroom - day 5 - day 223 lippestad and breivik watch as family lawyer cross - examine she first psychiatric witness . +e * 126. family lawyer Dr. toov. please can you outline you qualification for the court ? first psychiatric witness I be a Professor of psychiatry . I have over 30 year of clinical experience . both here in Norway and abroad . and I have study carefully the various psychiatric assessment of Mr. breivik , carry out in prison . family lawyer in you expert opinion , can you give the court you assessment of Mr. breivik 's state of mind , when he carry out the attack on the 22 July ? first psychiatrist witness it be my opinion that Mr. breivik suffer from a severe personality disorder . but there be no evidence of clinical psychosis . of insanity . see breivik , vindicate . first psychiatrist witness ( cont ’d ) of course , Mr. breivik be a man who life in a fantasy world . he make up storey to inflate he own importance . story about the Knights templar , for instance , which clearly do not exist . but this grandiose claim be not delusion . they be lie . just that . lies . family lawyer lies ? first psychiatrist witness yes . lies about himself and the way the world be . lies to try to recruit people to he side . to elevate himself out of he own insignificance . put simply , he lie as a defense mechanism . to make himself appear less of the failure that inside he feel himself to be . lippestad watch breivik closely . see a gather anger . + % + HH hf a + % + of HH HH HH * + eh HH HH family lawyer so how would you categorise Mr. breivik ? first psychiatrist witness in a attempt to categorise the defendant , to make sense of he , I believe we be miss the point entirely . the truth be simple . ander behr breivik feel reject by society . unlove , ignore , forget , and deeply , deeply lonely . and all he overwhelming anger flow from this . breivik ( on he foot ) this be offensive !! it 's lie ! all lie ! judge arntzen Mr. breivik , please sit down . breivik ( finally lose control ) I have never fail at anything ! not one thing in my entire life ! I be not alone . I have many friend ! I have never be reject ! judge arntzen Mr. lippestad , please ask you client to sit down . breivik ( to lippestad ) you have to stop this . you be my lawyer . you be suppose to protect I . lippestad they have the right to do this . to submit they own witness . breivik but they be filming it . lippestad yes . this be how the system work . breivik but you need to counter it ! * + * 224 224a 225 128. lippestad you have have you chance to speak , it 's the turn of the family now . and tomorrow the victim . they have rights too . breivik and I have to listen ? just sit here and listen to this ? lippestad if you want to be find sane , you must submit to the system . lippestad toe-to- toe with breivik . hold on breivik . watched by the judge , the prosecution , and the family . finally , he relent . family lawyer no more question , you honour . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - maternity ward - evening 224 lippestad sprint down a corridor . hard CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - private maternity room - evening 224a signe in labour . a water birth . push through the pain . deliver she baby . lippestad at she side . CUT to : int . ulleval hospital - private maternity room - evening 225 lippestad be hand he newborn daughter . his other child - include rebekah and the au pair - in the room too . lippestad she 's beautiful . but then he voice break . CUT to : * 226 227 228 129 . ext . svalbard - dawn 226 viljar walk up hill . one foot in front of the other . behind he : the endless snow of svalbard . family lawyer ( oov ) next we call lara rashid ... CUT to : omitted . 227 int . courtroom - day 6 - same time 228 lippestad watch lara testify to family lawyer . lara my big sister bano and I fle Iraq in 1999 . we be refugee . my father bring we to Norway to be safe . when I come from Kurdistan - what you call irag - I be just five year old . I be a refugee . it take a long time for Norway to feel like home . I struggle with the language . the climate too . and some people be suspicious of we . angry that we be here . lippestad look at breivik . no reaction . lara ( cont 'd ) but my sister bano help I . to see that in Norway there could be freedom , security , and hope . and that be what I feel around the campfire on uteya . the night before . ( pause ) but the next day , when we be attack - when she die - I lose all that . I be suddenly ina different world . of pain and fear . anger . ( hold back she tear ) I feel guilty . all of the time . why do I live when she die ? how do I face my parent now ? but most of all , I could not understand why someone would want to kill we . ( beat ) ( more ) a +h of + % 229 230 231 232 233 234 234a 130 . lara ( cont 'd ) why would anyone be frighten of I ? CUT to : omitted . 229 * int . courtroom - day 6 - same time 230 lara but now I see thing differently . I see that bano die for a reason . her life be a celebration . of multicultural Norway . proof that it can work . that be why she live . and that be why she die . ( beat ) and I be still so proud to be she little sister . lara look up . avoid breivik . see she parent watch . tear in they eye . lippestad look at breivik . he 's not even look at she . CUT to : int . svalbard - viljar 's home - same time 231 * viljar ( watch she testify on the tv ) see it too . know * breivik be still in control , as lara leave the witness box . CUT to : omitted . 232 * move to 234a 233 * ext . svalbard - viljar be home - dawn 234 * sveinn and christin pack the car . * CUT to : * int . svalbard - viljar 's home - viljar 's bedroom - contimuqus * viljar stand alone . coat on . come out into hallway . * 234b 234c 234d 235 236 237 131 . torje come out too . viljar you ok ? torje yeah , I be fine . viljar good. CUT to : omitted . 234b omitted . 234c ext . svalbard - viljar be home - continous 234d christin and sveinn wait by the car . look up to see : viljar and torje come out . viljar ahead . torje behind , isolate . they get into the car . drive away . CUT to : int . ila prison - breivik 's cell - night 235 breivik sit alone . track in on he . feel he malignant force . CUT to : int . oslo HOTEL - viljar 's room - night 236 viljar in a hotel room . Oslo stretch out below he . he pull out he phone . CUT to : ext . oslo square - night 237 viljar approach a cafe . look inside . see lara . 132 . lara see he . later : and now they be walk along a street . viljar how be it ? lara very surreal . see he . you walk in and he 's just there . viljar she have be pleased . bano . she have be pleased you do it . lara I hope so . I really hope so . ( beat ) he do not react , do he ? viljar no . he do not . lara you ok ? viljar yeah . i’1l be fine . lara it 's nearly over . viljar ( cover ) yeah . definitely . ( beat ) look I be sorry I get lose . the last few month . I just get ... lose . lara it 's ok . so do i. they lock eye for a moment . viljar look away . they walk on . viljar how close be he ? I could not tell from the tv . lara ( hold she hand apart ) he 's close . I mean he 's close . see viljar , that 's much closer than he expect . + % +e * + % a + % she stop . 133. lara ( cont 'd ) you can do it . ( beat ) do you know what you be go to say ? viljar I have try to think of thing , but I get confuse . I just do not want to be weak . that 's all . not in front of he . lara you can be weak and still strong , you know . viljar I be not sure I can . lara I think you can . ( beat ) it 's just , I do not want to be stick . they hug . viljar thanks . lara I have better get back . viljar sure . see you tomorrow . lara good luck . + * + fx hf * + * viljar watch she walk away . CUT to : 238 ext . oslo - dawn 238 Wide shot over Oslo . CUT to : 238a 238b 239 240 241 242 243 134 . ext . utoya island - dawn 238a ut@ya Island . CUT to : int . breivik cell - dawn 238b breivik wake . get dress . be cuffed and lead away . CUT to : int . oslo HOTEL - viljar 's room - morning 239 viljar wash he face . he dress . Black shirt , tie , suit . his wound visible as he comb he hair . insert he glass eye . it 's time . CUT to : ext . courthouse - day 7 - same time 240 breivik in armed convoy towards the courthouse . CUT to : ext . courthouse - day 7 - morning 241 viljar and family , on foot , arrive outside the courthouse . sveinn and christin lead viljar and torje through the crowd . see viljar , try to keep he breathe steady . CUT to : int . courtroom - day 7 - continuous 242 lippestad prepare for the session . CUT to : int . courthouse - underground carpark / basement - day 7 - das breivik move towards the courtroom . CUT to : 244 245 135 . int . courthouse - lobby - day 7 - continuous 244 the family through the atrium . wait outside the courtroom . viljar pace the lobby alone . torje go over to he . christin and sveinn watch from afar . a moment between the brother . a court usher come over . court usher we be ready for you . a moment between viljar and he family . they hug . and then he leave behind the court usher . CUT to : int . courtroom - day 7 - moment later 245 christin and sveinn find they seat . christin see the angry parent from before . they nod in support . lara be there too . the crowded court be ready . the judge motion for the session to begin . a side door open and breivik be bring in . christin and sveinn watch breivik as he walk past - within touch distance . he take he seat next to lippestad . sveinn take hold of christin 's hand . the courtroom settles . family lawyer we would like to call viljar hanssen . lippestad watch as the door at the back of the courtroom open . viljar enter . he walk to the witness stand . concentrate on keep he breathe steady . his parent watch . lara too . 136 . lippestad watch viljar approach . as he approach the stand , viljar see breivik . his head be down , talk to lippestad . viljar try to control he shaking hand . take the last step to the stand . finally lock eye with breivik . for a moment , viljar feel himself go back to the island . the sound of terror and pain . that dark menace figure loom above he ... he struggle for control . force himself not to go there . hold breivik 's empty stare for the longest moment . family lawyer ( cont ’d ) can you tell we what happen to you on uteya , viljar ? viljar yes . he try to ... he try to kill I . ( begin to remember ) I remember run away . try to find somewhere to hide . try to protect my little brother . and I remember be shot . ( use he right hand ) he shot I here , here , here , here , and finally here . in the eye . five time . I lay on the beach . I be all alone . in a kind of pain I could never imagine . breivik look up momentarily . catch viljar 's eye . family lawyer but you be here now ? viljar steel himself , keep he emotion at bay . viljar yes . but everything be different . I have have to relearn how to use my body . learn to walk again , to feed myself again . I have little use of my leave arm . I be blind in one eye - but that 's a relief . prosecution a relief ? +e 137 . viljar oh yes , a relief . definitely a relief . ( a beat and then ) because at least now I do not have to look at he . sudden laughter . break the spell . breivik look around the room . see everyone laugh . can not help but smile himself . and viljar see it . know he 's get through . lippestad see too . viljar ( cont 'd ) but of course it 's not that simple , I have a fragment of he bullet lodge in my brain , that could kill I at any time . his voice falter . viljar ( cont 'd ) and I do not look like the person I use to . my body . it 's break . Beyond repair . my self - confidence too . and I have pain that never go away . a beat and then : viljar ( cont 'd ) worst of all , he kill ander and Simon . my best friend . stop they from make they mark on the world . they would have make it a better place . I miss they every day . viljar stop , swallow back he pain , try to keep control . head down . everyone watch he . become tearful . viljar ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I do not want to cry . I so much do not want to cry in front of he . I want to be strong . because I do this for they . so they will not be forget . viljar look up , right at breivik . tear , but a unwaver stare . 246 138. viljar ( cont 'd ) when he shot they and leave I alone on the beach , I do not know if I be live or die . and I have be stick there ever since . +e on breivik , look right back at he . viljar ( cont 'd ) but now I realise I have get a choice . I still have a family . and friend . and memory . hope , dream , and love . ( beat ) and he do not . he 's completely alone . he 's go to rot in prison , whereas I ... ( beat ) * I survive and I choose to live . +e and at that moment , breivik look away . lippestad see it . and viljar see it too . when breivik look back , they lock eye again . viljar know he 's win and breivik know it too . viljar ( cont 'd ) ( to the judge ) I be do . judge do the Defense have any question ? lippestad ( stand ) no question . ( he turn to viljar ) thank you . viljar leave the witness box . see lara as he pass . out of the courtroom and into the light . lippestad see breivik watch they , as viljar be embrace by he parent and torje . fade to black : * int . mod - pmas office - day 246 pm alone , read through the 22nd July inquiry report . the weight of it write into he face . 247 248 139 . aide the family be wait for you , sir. CUT to : ext . inquiry hq - same time 247 inquiry head gj@rv come out to address a wait bank of PRESS . gjiorv we conclusion be clear . there be failing on and before the attack of 22 July . the failure to detect ander breivik 's activity at a earlier point . the failure to implement effective physical security measure . the failure to respond swiftly enough to the crisis on utoya Island ... CUT to : int . mod - meeting room / corridor - continuous 248 the pm walk towards a close door . hesitates before open it . Inside , he see : bereave parent . they lawyer too . the pm sit amongst they . prime minister ( finally ) I be sorry . his voice break . prime minister ( cont 'd ) we should have do better . I should have do better . for a moment there be silence . then a mother reach across the table . mother ( take he hand ) I can only speak for myself . ( she look around . clearly she speak for many there ) ( more ) 249 250 251 252 140 . mother ( cont 'd ) only the terrorist be responsible for what happen on that day . not you . only he . * the pm look up , hold she hand tightly , stunne by she grace . CUT to : int . courtroom - Day 8 - verdict - day 249 breivik stand . judge artnzen the court find ander behr breivik guilty of all charge . and we judge he accountable for he action . Mr. breivik be therefore sentence to indefinite solitary confinement . for as long as he * remain a threat to society . +e lippestad look across at he colleague . inga and sveinn for the prosecution . family lawyer for the family . and at the judge . know they all play they role , to ensure the system prevaile . CUT to : omitted . 250 * ext . ila prison - day 251 lippestad drive to prison . CUT to : int . ila prison - holding room - continuous 252 he and breivik meet for the last time . lippestad will you appeal ? breivik no , there 's no need . you do a good * job . the job I want . 141 . lippestad there be some formality . my office will send over the paperwork . breivik of course . do you think you will you visit I ? lippestad I do not think so , ander . breivik hand back document . then hold out he hand . lippestad do not take it . breivik so I guess we be do . lippestad yes . as he reach the door : breivik geir , I have do it all again if I could . lippestad stop . turn to face he . lippestad you do not win , ander . you fail . breivik ( beat and then ) there will be other . to finish what I have start . Norway - Europe - it 's crumble . it 's over . lippestad we will stop you . breivik you can not even see we . lippestad well we see you now . and we will beat you . my child , we child ... they will beat you . ( beat ) Goodbye , ander . * + * 252a 253 254 142. lippestad leave . CUT to : int . ila prison - continuous 252a lippestad walk down the corridor away from the cell . CUT to : ext . ila prison - continuous 253 lippestad exit the prison . out into the sunshine . CUT to : int . ila prison - breivik 's cell / corridor - day 254 as breivik be lead down a windowless corridor and into a silent empty cell . the door close . end