War camte ame the 25 ' hour by David Benioff 4/30/01 industry entertainment ext . west side highway — night o a black dog sleep on the shoulder of the highway , head . . between he paw , curl up next to the barricade that separate the north and southbound lane . traffic rumble past he : yellow cab , blue police cruiser white limousine with tinted glass and Jersey plate . we hear the squeal of brake . a black * 65 Ford mustang , mint condition , pull onto the shoulder , ten yard past the dog , | and back up . the.dog raise its head . ' two man step out of the car . the driver , monty brogan , mid - twenty , be pale-skinn in the flicker light . a small j silver crucifix hang from a silver chain around he neck ; ~- he finger be adorn with silver ring . the passenger , kostya novotny , 'a hulk man in he late : thirty , blow he nose in he handkerchief . | it 's a cold night . monty wear a camel 's hair overcoat , kostya a old blue Soviet navy coat . monty he 's alive . kostya for ~) ( ukrainian accent ) ~ this dog , how do you call it ? monty : pit bull . must have lose somebody some . money . the dog stare at they and they stare at the dog . kostya we ! eee 8 1 dt eee ! monty I oe he th ome Le I be think of shoot he . kostya shoot he ? be you sick in the head ? the dog continue to stare at they impassively , he face light by the pass headlight . the pavement by he paw be litter with break glass , twisted scrap of metal , black rubber from blow tire . , o ( continued ) continued : monty they just leave he here to die . they throw he out the window and keep drive . a ship 's horn sound from the Hudson . kostya come , my friend , it be cold . come , people wait for we . monty they be use to wait . monty squat near the dog and inspect he . from this angle it be clear that the pit bull have be badly abuse . one ear have be chew to mince ; he hide be score with cigarette burn ; fly crawl in he bloody fur . monty . ( cont 'd ) I think maybe he hip — the dog pounce , jaw snap , ; lung for monty 's face . monty stumble backwards . the dog , too badly injure to ms , can ) continue the attack , remain in he crouch , growl . monty sit on the pavement , shaking he head . monty ( cont 'd ) Christ . ( beat ) . he 's get some bite : leave . kostya I think he do not want to play with you . come , you want police to pull over ? you want police look through you car ? monty look what they do to he . use he for a fuck ashtray . monty stand and dust he palm on the seat of he pants . monty ( cont 'd ) let 's get he in the trunk . kostya what ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) monty there 's a vet emergency room on the East side . I like this guy . kostya you like he ? he try to bite you face off . look at he , he be meat . you want some dog , I buy you . nice puppy tomorrow . monty be not listen . he walk back to he car , open the trunk , pull out a soile green army blanket . kostya hold up he hand : stop . kostya ( cont 'd ) wait one minute , please . please stop one minute ? I do not go near pit bull . monty ? I do not go near pit bull . monty , carry the army blanket , walk back toward the dog . this be a good dog . I can see it in he eye . he 's a tough little bastard . kostya sometimes I think you be very stupid man . the dog have slump back to the pavement . his breath , comes.in. . short rasp and wheeze . but he never take he eye off the two man . monty we wait much longer , he will be dead . - kostya ; one minute ago you want to shoot he . monty . that be a mercy thing . but he 's not ready to go yet . kostya yes ? he tell you this ? monty slowly circle behind the dog , hold the blanket the way a matador wield he cape . monty _ distract he . ( continued ) e '' continued : ( 3 ) kostya stare at he friend in disbelief . he look down . a crumpled soda can lie by he foot . he kick the can . the dog 's head pivot to follow the aluminum flash . monty hurl the blanket over the dog and spring forward , wrapping he arm around the dog 's midsection . the dog growl , bite the wool , try to break the blanket 's neck . flonty lurch toward the mustang , struggle to retain he bearhug while the pit bull slither in he grasp . as they stumble closer to the car the dog release the blanket and snap at monty 's throat . monty hurl the dog into the trunk and slam the lid . he return to the driver 's seat . kostya watch he in silence , stare at the sky for a few second , finally get back in the car . the dog thrashes in the trunk . int . mustang . both man sit in silence as monty revs the engine . blood be beginning to leak from a bite on the right side of monty 's neck . | : kostya . what go on in you little head ? monty grin . he have no idea that he 's bleed . m ionty I get he , do not I ? surprise you how -- — quick I be , huh ? : monty check for traffic and pull back onto the highway . kostya _ : yes , you be so quick . he point at the wound on monty 's neck , which have begin to flow faster . kostya ( cont 'd ) meanwhile , you be bleed . monty that 's the dog 's blood . kostya oh ? because you have hole in you neck and blood be coin out . ( continued ) continued : . . pppeate monty lift he hand to he neck and feel the blood . monty they will stitch it up at the vet 's . kostya rule number one : do not grab half - dead pit bull . we have people wait for we , people with money , and you 9 ° play cowboy - — no , dogboy - in middle of highway . monty laugh , he hand press to the side of he neck , blood leak between he finger . kostya ( cont 'd ) yes , ha ha . you be bad luck . you othae bad 's luck on I . always everything tha can go wrong , go wrong . it be not just you and I when we go out , no , no , it be you , I , and mister doyle of ' doyle ! 's law . monty frown . y doyle 's law ? you mean Murphy 's law . kostya who 's Murphy ? monty who 's doyle ? Murphy 's law : whatever can go wrong , will go wrong . _ kostya yes . him , ext . east river esplanade — dawn title card : four year later monty sit on a park bench overlook the East River . he stub out he cigarette , pull another from he pack , light it . the black pit bull , now healthy and well - feed , squat by monty 's side . it be winter : the dog 's warm breath rise as white vapor . - two tough -look young men walk by , wear hood sweatshirt below they down parkas , one of they lead he spike - collare rottweiler . ( continued ) '' monty tug on he leash and doyle grunt and quiet down . young man 1 what up , monty . monty nod but do not say anything . he 's study the view . he stare at the green river , the steel bridge , the red tugboat , the stone lighthouse of Roosevelt Island . doyle bark and monty turn . simon , a bone-thin man in he early thirty , approach they . he wear rubber boot that rise to he knee and a dirty yellow down parka . simon easy , doyle , easy , buddy . what 's up there , monty ? monty turn back to the river . doyle bark again . simon ( cont 'd ) you want to tell the dog to relax ? hey there , doyle . good dog . q ) , a doyle have extend the leash as far as monty will allow . he ~7 sniff suspiciously at Simon . simon ( cont 'd ) I do not think you dog like I . monty go away , Simon . simon I be hungry here . woke up a hour ago and I be hungry . rte noe owt mm '' er tomonty / " he vi ree at eet mm a the nothing I can do about that . go up to one hundre and tenth . simon continued o doyle ( for the nameless pit bull have become doyle ) growl . | one hundre and tenth ? come on , I be good . he reach into he pocket and bring out a wad of five dollar bill hold together by a rubber band . | monty ( angry ) ~ , , put that away . fi doyle snarl . Simon repocket the money . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) simon okay , okay . I be just say , I be not look for a mercy pop . / monty I be over , man . Simon point at a line of scab that run along he throat . simon | cut myself shave this morning — four time . can not keep my hand steady . come on , monty , help I out . I can not go to | harlem . look at I —- they will eat I alive up there . monty finally stand and walk toward the man , closer and closer until they face be inch apart . monty you need to leave I alone , friend . I tell you , I be out of business . doyle sniff Simon 's boot , then raise he head , snout climb the man 's ted . Simon dance a half -step , try to keep away from the pit bull without provoking he . _ ) _ simon ; you worried about I nark you out ? you know who I be . : oe | | monty | you be not listen to I . I get touch . game over . Simon blink , try to jlaugh , look behind he , , , look down at ~ doyle , rub he nose with the back of he hand . . . simon - - : - five year I have be come to you . all right , all right , I be leave . there 's no need to be nasty . monty and doyle watch the man go ; they begin walk in the opposite direction . they pass the concrete chessboard , the sandbox , and . pause for a moment by a basketball court . six teens play — with little skill — one last game before school . monty shake he head disdainfully , watch one player dribble at the top of the key . monty = '' ) you get no leave . ss ( continued ) | | continued : ( 3 ) the player drive right and miss a open lay -up . monty spit and continue walk , doyle lead the way . ext . campbell -sawyer high school — later monty look up at the old private school , tuck away on a leafy street on the Upper East side . two tenth grade girl look at monty as they pass by . people be always look at monty . both girl take long final drag on they cigarettes before crush they out and enter the school . int . campbell -sawyer high school monty walk down a corridor of the school building , doyle pad along beside he . student , hurry to thei class , stare at the dog and then at monty . . the bell ring and within moment the corridor be empty . monty stop before a row of frame photograph . he examine one photograph and smile . insert photograph the Campbell - sawyer basketball team . the player stand ina semi-circle with they coaches . we move in closer on one face _in particular : monty , when he be sixteen , free and easy . we move closer still and the black - and - white face begin to blur . administrator ( 0.s. ) pre oss nae _ bxas.e -.me - , -- sir , can I help_ you ? ~ = monty , lose ina reverie , look up . the administrator , a tall , harry - look woman in she mid-fifty , squint at he through she glass . ' monty what ? administrator can I help you with something ? __ monty ( smile ) | no , I do not think so . administrator there be no dog allow on school grounds . ( continued ) R - _.continued : wen ewer monty okay . .. ( point at the picture ) I use to go here . administrator i really have to ask you to remove the log . monty ( still look at picture ) look at what a little punk I be . the administrator bend forward and squint at the photo . administrator I guess you be not , the center . monty , ha ha . start point guard . start on varsity from my first game , freshman year . I still hold the all - time assist record . administrator mm , no , marvin Ray break the record last year . monty stare at she . she shrug . administrator ( cont 'd ) I coach the girl 's team . monty turn back to the photo . ; monty °- " we * weire undefeate that " year . ~ : * administrator really ? monty : until I get kick off the team . after that , they fall apart . do you know where jakob elinsky be ? _ administrator probably in he classroom . room 301 . monty thanks . ( continued ) AV mm '' 10 . mle . continued : ( 2 ) o he jead doyle away , but stop after a few foot and turn ack . monty ( cont 'd ) marvin Ray ? . administrator mm hm . monty you be sure ? administrator I be there when he break the record . monty nod and continue on he way the administrator watch man and dog walk down the long corridor . int . campbell -sawyer classroom . jakob elinsky stand at the blackboard , face three row of uninspired teenage face . he wear a tweed jacket that seem a few size too large , with chalk stain on the sleeve . jakob be the same age as monty but he seem young . there be & something adolescent in he slouch , in the way he chew he ip . one of he student , mary d'annunzio ( 17 ) , stand at she desk , read from a poetry textbook . her eye drow in pool of paint shadow , she hair be dyed black , tattooe rose garland she wrist . mary i ( read ) ___--_- *¢ .. = wee " let we roll all we strength and all we sweetness up into one ball , ; and tear pur pleasure with rough strife , through the iron gate of life . jakob watch she . we do not know the Campbell - sawyer .dress . code , but we can guess that she 's violate it . we can also guess that jakob be watch she a little too avidly . her pierce navel be visible below she donnas tee-shirt . mary ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " thus , though we cannot make we sun stand still , yet we will make he run . " '' Mary shrug and sit down . ( continued ) 11 . . continued : eee . jakob ade good , good , excellent read . urn , okay , : so . what do people think ? what 's go on here ? nobody say anything . jakob nod . jakob ( cont 'd ) okay ... ' luke , a sullen -look student with a shave head and a fail goatee , raise he hand . jakob ( cont 'd ) luke ? luke : can I go to the bathroom ? jakob no . you go twenty minute ago . luke I have a bladder infection . jakob < the poem . the poem , folk . hello ? mary it 's not real deep or anything . the guy want to get laid and he 's tell she to give it up . a knock on the door release jakob from he hell . he go to '' 7 '' answer it and then " stop / startle : ° see at it 's the type ofdoor popular in school building > with a wire - reinforce glass panel at head height , allow you to look into the classroom without disturbing anyone . a few of the student titter half - heartedly . doyle , tongue dangle from he mouth , stare back at jakob ; through the panel . mary ( cont 'd ) / I do not know you mother be come 1 today , luke . luke eat I . ns jakob open the door . of o ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) monty stand there , hold up doyle . doyle scramble out of he arm and jump on jakob , nearly knock the teacher down , get he dirty paw all over jakob 's jacket . monty easy , doyle . doyle immediately calm down , squatting by jakob 's foot and stare up at the teacher . jakob ; hey — uh , what 's go on ? jakob seem awkward around monty , nervous . monty ( look at doyle ) look at he . he love you . jakob look at doyle , who wag the stump of he tail . monty ( cont 'd ) he really love you . so what be you do ? : jakob turn to look at he class , who all stare at monty and the dog . for the first time today , they be quiet . jakob ( to monty Teaching my class , I guess . monty cool. '' " " " '' ffoo class ) '' " al to hey , class . '' a few studént shyly wave : . monty ( cont 'd ) ( to jakob ) sorry to interrupt . . listen , change of plan . they be throw I a goodbye party -downtown . you and Frank get together somewhere and I will come pick you up . jakob be a little flustered by this encounter , acutely aware that he class be watch . jakob okay . ( continued ) enh . 13 . continued : ( 3 ) se monty lean closer to jakob . monty ( whisper ) I think the one with the belly button 's check I out . jakob turn and see Mary stare at they . he quickly turn back to monty , who be smile at Mary . jakob grab the door nob . jakob okay , so I will see you later ? monty nod . monty tell Frank we will meet up after midnight . he lead doyle away and jakob close the door , then : turn to look at he silent class . the bell ring and all the student grab they bag . , int . teachers ' lounge — later jakob , alone in the room , sit on a sofa , he head in he hand . he look up when he hear a knock on the door . Mary d'annunzio peek in - mary you have a minute ? jakob sit up straighter and smile . . jakob ~ sure. come in . I think no student be allow in the teacher ' lounge . jakob I will not tell on you . Mary walk into the room , look around suspiciously . jakob point at a chair . jakob ( cont 'd ) take a seat . sg Mary sit . po y ( continued ) xy mary who be that guy who come to class ? jakob . | monty ? a old friend of mine . he go : here , too . mary he do not look like you . jakob ; actual ty . I have many friend who do not e look like I . mary no , I mean , he do not look like someone you would be friend with . jakob { we grow up together . : ( beat ) : so what can I do for you ? mary I want to know why I get a B + on my story . jakob | okay , first of all - mary nobody else in - this class can write . you . --- - know it , too . do not start — jakob ... do not worry about everyone else . . mary Vince miskella write a story about he grandmother die and you give he a a ? what be that , a Charity a ? everyone 's always write about they grandmother die . you know why ? not because it 's so | traumatic . because it 's a guarantee a . | we nee eee - one nee - . see continued : ns _ jakob ( cont 'd ) so what 's up ? 1 and you be all sentimental , like , " oh , Vince , that be very powerful , very move . " no it be not . you do not care , I oo do not care , nobody care . that 's what q grandmother do , they die . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) Mary have work herself into a lather and jakob watch she admiringly . jakob what do you mother say when you get that ? Mary stare at he , not comprehend . mary what ? when I get what ? jakob ( point at she wrist ) the tattoo . mary she say , " where would you get the money for that . " jakob oh. and ? mary and what do I say or where do I get the money ? jakob well , what do you say , I guess . mary I say he do it for free . jakob oh. do he ? be mene oe ome no . why do - you care . so much ? jakob just curious . mary so you be not go to change the grade ? jakob no , I be not change the grade . happy to discuss — Mary yank she bookbag off the floor and shoulder . I would be strap it on she ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) @ mary great . that be a big waste of time . jakob look , instead of worry about the grade so much , let 's talk about the actual — - mary ( mut tering ) forget it . she stomp out of the lounge , she black combat boot clomping on the .corridor 's linoleum floor . jakob shake he head and look up at the clock . 9:15 . he reach for the phone sit on the coffee table . int . shreve zimmer investment bank — same time frank slattery , also in he mid-twenty , stare at the row of clock on the far wall . below each clock be a sign : Tokyo , Hong Kong , Frankfurt , London . the clock mark New York read 9:15 . the trading floor be one giant room : row of trader seat & * ' before they computer , jabber into they telephone '' headsets . no women— the place be loud and aggressive . slattery be build like a former college wrestler : thick - | neck , break - nose , muscular , he hair retreate from he forehead , he eye undercast with dark crescent . one of he phone ring . he answer . CO ee seattery | - frat Frank slattery . he listen ' for. one second . slattery ( cont 'd ) can not talk right now . employment number 's come out . int . teachers ' lounge - continuous ; jakob all right . just want to let you know that monty — int . shreve zimmer - continuous slattery I will call you later . ( continued ) na _ continued : 7 eo - he hang up the phone and return he gaze to the computer screen in front of he . clearly he 's wait for something and clearly he 's anxious . ; lichter ( 0.s. ) come out with we later on ? slattery look up at he boss , ari lichter , early forty , a plump , genial man . slattery ; : Nah , I be meeting some friend tonight . ; lichter Big date ? the subject clearly make slattery uncomfortable . slattery more of a go - away party . ; lichter : listen , the other thing , you be still hold onto all that contract ? " slattery why , you be nervous ? lichter I do not like it . the claim number have drop three week straight . slattery ; . and everybody 's think , af claim have drop , employment must be up . oe come a everybody ' think that because it 's pretty much always true . : _ slattery - not this time . lichter Frank — slattery I have get a theory . lichter oh good , you have get a theory . look , | you be in awfully deep . you have get sixty million of the bank 's money in there — ( continued ) | e 18. continued : ( 2 ) slattery a hundred million . the news startles lichter . lichter a hundred million ? Jesus , Frank . slattery they authorize I to a hundred million . other trader sit nearby have begin watch this exchange , and lichter be careful to keep he voice down . lichter a week ago . they raise you limit a week ago , and you be already max out . slattery I be tell you , we be in for a low number . one -forty , maybe one- thirty - five . lichter cut you stake in half , all right ? you have be do a great job , everyone know that , but I be still you boss and I be tell you : sell that contract . lichter grip slattery 's shoulder for a moment and then walk toward he office ( a real office , with wall anda door ) , exchange hellos with other trader on the floor . phelan , fresh from college , walk down the row , hand fax sheet to all the trader . he hand a sheet to slattery , | who look - at - — it briefly before crumpling it . '' ++ e+ suse cee et sneer phelan sollie 's look for a high number . two hundred and ' eighty thousand 's they call . slattery fuck sollie . phelan fuck salomon Brothers ? slattery they be hedge they bet . they want everyone on they side of the fence . phelan what 's the big deal with the employment number , anyway ? ( continued ) 7 ) continued : ( 3 ) ee serpe slattery do not want to discuss this right now . slattery more job theans fewer people look for work , right ? which mean it 's harder to find the right people for a job , which mean you get to raise wage to get they , which mean inflation go up — you follow ? phelan @ot follow ) yeah . slattery frown . slattery ; you be wear a stripe shirt with a stripe tie . phelan look down at he tie . phelan yeah ? be that bad ? slattery . . . . a you look like a fuskimg aptical iliveion go away . phelan walk away , nervously adjust he tie . marcuse pegk over the partition in front of slattery . with he slicked - back hair , red suspender , ' and obnoxious smirk marcuse look like a man who own the Gordon gekko action figure . - marguse -. - - ste ee . wee better hop to , sonny boy . '' slattery say nothing , just stab angrily at he keyboard . marcuse . ( cont 'd ) I do not see you pic ing up the phone . do not lichter just tell you to sell ? sound like you allowance get cut off . slattery , nostril flare , pretend to ignore the taunt . marcuse ( cont 'd ) you be not go to disobey a direct order , be you ? - ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) slattery roll back in he wheeled office chair and stare at marcuse . slattery I do not come into you bedroom and tell you how to fuck you wife , do I ? marcuse grin . he call to another trader down the floor . marcuse hey , schultz , what be we look at for the employment number ?. schultz ( yell from he desk ) two -fifty , two -seventy , somewhere in there . marcuse sit down again , disappear behind the partition . slattery glower at he desk . he pick up he phone and hold the receiver to he ear , never dial a number . lichter call to slattery from he office door . lichter slattery ! we be good ? slattery nod and give a thumb up . as soon as lichter return to he office , slattery hang up the phone . marcuse stick he head above the partition again . marcuse good thing you get rid of that - contract . - look like - a huge number on - — , '' + - , + — «o , the way . the. trading . floor suddenly — and eerily - % go quiet . everyone 's attention be fix on the television monitor hang from the ceiling . the monitor be mute ; close caption - file along the bottom of the screen . each monitor be tune to the same station , a financial network broadcasting the employment number 's release . a reporter wear a bowtie read the statistic . slattery bow he head . he hold he hand in he lap and close he eye . for a long while the room be very quiet . then a commotion of shout and groan rile the floor . everyone be holler at the same time , and we can only make out a few phrase . ( continued ) 21 . | ' continued : ( 5 ) . ae | trader 1 ( 0.s. ) stop out of that ! stop out !. __ trader 2 ( 0.s. ) we be go for a ride ! slattery look up , at the nearest monitor . a white number be emblazon on a blue background : 138,112 . every monitor in the room flash the same number . slattery stare at he computer screen . there it be again , display prominently in the large window : 138 , 112 . slattery raise he eyebrow . he juggle the crumpled fax sheet a few time and then toss it over the partition , where marcuse be sit . ' marcuse ( 0.s. ) fuck you , slattery . slattery grin and lean back in he chair , hand behind he head . ext . monty' build — late afternoon : a four-story walk - up on a quiet street in yorkville . xy os naturelle rosario sit on the stoop step , read a book . . naturelle , in she early twenty , have the lean body of a runner . it 's cold outside but she do not seem to mind . when she see mohty . come she close the book and stand . aie naturelle how long have you guy be walk ? I wake up at seven and you be already wo gone . : will _ ee '' monty , digging in he pocket for he key , kiss she for a answer . naturellé close she eye . and try to embrace he but ' monty abruptly end the kiss and climb the stair . doyle wag the stump of he tail . naturelle ( cont 'd ) how you do , Mr. doyle ? she bend down to scratch he behind he mangle ear . monty why you wait down here ? 5 , ' naturelle : C ) ; '' I have my book . it be a beautiful day . '' ( continued ) : be " continued : ( monty smile . monty of course it be a beautiful day . he hold the door open for she and doyle . int . monty' apartment monty close the apartment door behind naturelle and doyle , . then lock it . there be five lock and a heavy steel leadbolt . despite the ominous 's security , it 's a nice one - bedroom apartment , with hardwood floor and tall window face the brownstone across the street . Black -and -white photograph line the wall : shot of the Manhattan skyline , of bensonhurst , of doyle . the large photo , hang above the sofa , be of brogan 's bar . doyle curl up next to the radiator and quickly fall asleep . monty sit on the sofa and flick on the television with the remote . weatherman the first major storm of winter be head we way — monty turn off the television . he stare at the dead screen . naturelle come out of the kitchen carry a jar of honey and a spoon . she hand , the jar to monty , who open it for she . she sit —-=-+--e beside he and begin eat " the honey , watch he . he see she watch . monty what ? naturelle what be you think about ? monty what be I think about ? | | he lean forward and unclip a hand - tool leather holster from the back of he belt . a " B " for brogan be tool into the leather , stylize like the old Brooklyn dodger ' logo . 1g a .40 caliber automatic , squat and black , rest in the 2 holster . monty drop the holster onto the coffee table and run he finger over the B. naturelle stare at the gun . ! ( continued ) 23 . continued : " oo at monty ( cont 'd ) I be think I want to be like that girl from the X - Men , the one who can walk through wall . he 's still trace the holster 's " B " with he fingertip . monty ( cont 'd ) and if I can not do that , if I can not figure out how to walk through wall , I be think one shot through the roof of the mouth , boom , problem solve . naturelle hit he on the shoulder . . naturelle do not joke about that . monty you think I be joke ? naturelle so what be we do tonight ? before you shoot yourself . monty recline , arm spread wide and rest on the sofa 's a back 's cushion . — monty uncle Blue 's throw I a party at Velvet . . naturelle . ; I think it be over with he . almost . he watch she eat another spoonful of raw honey . monty ( cont 'd ) that 's a nasty habit you have : she lean forward and kiss he on the lip . naturelle come take a bath with I . monty not right now . she caress he jaw but monty be distant , he mind elsewhere . will a fl > . ( continued ) 24 , continued : ( 2 ) she set the honey jar on the table and walk out of the live room . monty listen to she in the bathroom , draw the bathwater . he listen to the sound of run water . CUT to : int . monty' bathroom — six month ago naturelle sit on monty 's lap in the narrow bathtub . he 's massage she shoulder . Music play from a radio on the windowsill . she be laugh at something he just say . he lean closer and kiss the back of she neck , behind she ear . she stretch back , lift one leg out of the bath . he run he hand down she thigh and then stop , look at . the Puerto rican flag tattooe on she ankle . she follow he gaze to the tattoo and then groan . _ naturelle not this again . monty oo you be bear in America , you live in america_your whole life , you have be to Puerto Rico twice , for vacation . what be that ? I should get a irish flag tattooe on my ass cause my grandparent be from there ? naturelle you , do n!t have room on you ass . for , a irish flag . monty dip he hand into the warm water , reach below she , grab she butt . naturelle shriek and monty laugh . monty between you and I the kid will be just right . loud pound on the apartment door startles they . they stare at each other . doyle bark from the other room . naturelle get out of the tub , pull on a bathrobe , and go to answer the door . monty wait , listen . he know who it be . he stare out the bathroom 's open window . cc 's ) int . monty' live room — still in flashback monty , wear sweatpant and no shirt , walk into the livin room . four d.e.a. agent , all wear d.e.a. windbreaker a shoulder holster , wait for he . doyle , ear back , growl at the agent . monty scratch doyle 's head and the dog relax a bit . naturelle , panicked , stare at monty . she 's still hold the apartment door open . monty Close the door , baby . she close the door . agent brzowski Montgomery brogan ? monty yeah . brzowski flip open a badge and hand a paper to monty , who look it over . oo agent brzowski I be agent brzowksi with the drug enforcement Agency . we have get a warrant to search you apartment . brzowksi walk over to the sofa and sit down . the other three agent stroll around the apartment . one look out the window ; one start flipping through a magazine on the coffee table ; one stare at a photograph on the wall . agent cunningham you take this picture ? monty yeah . agent cunningham Nice picture . when one of the agent step too close to doyle , the dog growl and the agent jump back . monty easy , doyle . agent brzowski I do not see any tag on that dog . ( continued ) 25 . I ) auan & continued : monty he 's inside . he do not have to wear tag . agent brzowski he better stay calm or I will have the pound come get he . I have see too many man bit by this little bastard . monty whistle and doyle stand and walk over to he . monty crouch , one hand stroking doyle 's thick neck . naturelle , uncomfortable wear only the bathrobe , begin head back to the bedroom . agent brzowski ( cont 'd ) Ms. Rosario ? that 's you name , right ? I need you to stay right here , mar 'am . he wink at she . agent brzowski ( cont 'd ) can not have you sneaking around . naturelle lean against the wall , look for a sign from monty , who give she none . the agent do not seem to be search very hard . agent brzowski ( cont 'd ) hm . he stare down at the sofa he 's sit on . agent . brzowski ( cont - 2 ) this sofa be not very comfortable . monty stare at the agent for a second and then exhales . he turn and look carefully at naturelle . agent cunningham maybe it 's you posture . posture 's very important . agent brzowski no , it 's this sofa . it 's very uncomfortable . it 's lumpy . monty get it over with . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) - agent brzowski I just do not understand . it look like such a nice sofa . how much do you pay for this sofa , Ms. Rosario ? brzowksi stand and look down at the cushion . monty be still stare at naturelle , who meet he eye for a second and then _ quickly turn away . agent brzowski ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's the pad ? agent cunningham could be the pad . brzowski pick up the center cushion , turn it in he hand , and unzip it . . agent brzowski probably the pad . he pull out handfuls of white fiber fill and let they drift to the floor . monty and naturelle watch . I agent brzowski ( cont 'd ) - yeah , there 's something lumpy in here , 2 ) Mr. brogan . it 's a good thing I find this , you know . it will make you sofa much more comfortable to sit on . : ' i the other agent taugh brzowski pull out a package the size of a bottle of wine from the cushion , a bundle of plastic wrap and mask tape . brzowski raise he eyebrow in mock shock while the other agent poh and . cluck * _ yp ) the i fe agent brzowski ( cont 'd Mr. brogan , i. do beliéve you be fuck . end flashback int . monty' live room monty sit on the sofa , run he hand over the sofa cushion . outside it 's dark and monty have not turn on the light . naturelle ( 0.s. ) baby ? monty look up . naturelle stand in the bathroom 's doorway , C ) wear a bathrobe . ( continued ) 28. continued : , for a moment they watch each other in silence . then he i stand , grab the holster off the table , and clip it to the back of he belt . naturelle ( cont 'd ) where you go ? monty I get to meet my dad for dinner . I will call you in a couple hour . he kiss she quickly and turn to go , but then stop and look at she . I monty ( cont 'd ) could you wear the silver dress tonight ? naturelle you want I to ? he nod . monty I want to remember you in that dress . he walk out of the apartment , leave naturelle alone in the ( > dark live room . ext . monty' build kostya sit on the top step of the stoop , sip from a silver flask . a female jogger run past and kostya call after she . kostya -- -' + '' hello , — teeauti-f-uwA-woman !. - she do not look in he direction . he take another swig from !- he : flask . , . . a young mother push a baby stroller past the stoop . kostya ( cont 'd ) hello , beautiful mother ! hello , little baby ! the mother do not look at he , but the two - year old girl , fascinate , stare at he . | kostya ( cont 'd ) . ( call after mother ) ft you look like Julia Roberts . they tell €. / you this , yes ? come back ! I make you a new baby . I make you a boy ! ( continued ) continued : : ste e ae monty open the front door . he stare down at kostya . '' ‘monty what be you do here ? kostya ; so many beautiful woman , this neighborhood . I like very much . kostya stand and grip monty 's arm . kostya ( cont 'd ) you be okay ? _ monty — ; I be have the time of my life . kostya ; ; uncle Blue want I talk with you . he want you come to Velvet tonight . monty yeah , three other people already tell I .. he 's really die to say goodbye , huh ? kostya release monty 's arm and nod sadly . kostya it seem . “* monty . what do he want ? kostya I do not know . , oe -. monty : mir ott , wane ee you come all the way up here to tell I this ? you hear of : telephone ? ° : kostya yes , I hear , but you do not return my call . and uncle want to make sure . monty I will be there . I be bring naturelle and some friend . __kostya you bring she ? why ? . monty '' hy ad why would not 1 ? '' v a ( continued ) i 30 . continued : ( 2 ) kostya shrug . kostya we have this conversation one time , remember ? you get angry . monty oh , Jesus . she do not dime I out , man . kostya no ? monty why would she ? kostya shrug again . kostya maybe she aunt be illegal alien . monty what if she be ? kostya maybe the federal threaten she . monty shake he head and walk down the stair . monty you be insane . she would not do that . kostya no ? do you ask she ? --monty--stares—up—at --kostya for a few second before- walk ..--~... -—-—-~ -- away . kostya stand at the top of the stoop . he feel something and raise he palm to the air . the’ snow have begin to fall . he look up into the sky . something catch he eye - in one of the fourth floor window , naturelle be stare down at he , kostya watch she . she let the curtain close . kostya take another slug from he flask . int . subway station monty wait for the 6 train . two boy ( 12 ) , wear winter parkas and knit cap , crouch near the edge of the platform , point down at the track and laugh . ( continued ) 31 . continued : monty what 's down there ? the boy point and monty look . we follow he gaze . we can not see anything at first , but then , as if we eye be adjust to the dark , we begin to pick out movement . a gang of large rat crawl through the track , nose through ball - up paper bag , candy wrapper and orange peel . boy 1 this one , they eat rat poison like chocolate . the biggest rat of all sniff around the base of a upright wax - paper coffee cup that sit just outside the third rail . monty reach into the pocket of he camel 's hair coat and pull out a handful of change . _ monty watch this . he select a quarter and — with a free throw motion as smooth as hersey hawkins 's — toss it into the empty cup , a ten - oot shot . the big rat , startle , hustle into the alcove below the lip of the platform . the hoy , impressed , whistle . . monty ( cont 'd ) here — he offer he palmful of change . meee = " " monty . ( cont 'd ) take a shot at it . the boy look at each other for a moment before each take a coin . they stare up at monty . he nod at they . monty ( cont 'd ) let 's see what you get . Boy 1 take careful aim at the coffee cup . his shot be way oft target , though — it ping off the tile on the far side of the tunnel . . monty ( cont 'd ) you release be too high . look — he mimic the boy 's shoot motion . ( continued ) . 32 . continued : ( 2 ) o | a monty ( cont 'd ) | see ? you be let go way up here , so it 's float on you . it 's like - you play basketball ? soccer ? all right , forget it . ( turn to the other boy ) ( you turn , little man . Boy 2 toe the edge of the yellow danger line and practice ' he motion . when he finally release the coin , it flash boy 1 no. monty Baseball ? boy 1 no. monty ; no ? what do you play ? boy 1 soccer. monty ( disgust ) | through the air and drop neatly into the cup . '' monty ( cont 'd ) thataboy ! he raise he fist and the boy tap knuckle , | grin cpohee ep iy ee wena eee can a tre tent ratte boy 1 you see that ! you see that ! Charlie get mad skill ! Charlie say nothing , just grin and hop around on one foot . . monty make a wish . charlie I get a wish ? monty _ Hell , yes . a shot like that deserve a wish . monty and Charlie stare at the coffee cup and concentrate . 33 - int . 6 train monty rest with he eye close as the train shudder through the tunnel . trey ( 0.s. ) monty ? monty brogan ? monty open he eye . trey powell ( 27 ) stand above he , hold the bar and smile down at monty . a blonde , blandly handsome man , Trey look like he might have row for Yale 's crew . he wear a well - cut navy - blue suit . his wife , nancy ( 26 ) , stand beside he - equally blonde , equally bland , monty ( not recognize they ) hey ... trey Trey Powell ! from Campbell - sawyer :! monty ( try for enthusiasm ) oh , Trey . hey . how you be ? 4 trey a , excellent , excellent . well , Goldman 's get I lock away twenty hour a day , but — other than that ... I be sorry , Nancy , this be monty brogan . best basketball player ever to play for Campbell - sawyer . monty stand and shake she hand . ; monty Nice to meet you . here , take my seat . . nancy no , no , please - monty this be my stop . I get to catch the B train . j Trey clap monty on the shoulder . trey too bad , I want to catch up . monty yeah , well I be sure I will see you soon — ne ( continued ) oe continued : trey tenth reunion . it 's coin up ! I be the alumnus rep for we class , actually . we will see you the I hope ? June fifteenth ? the train have pull into the station and monty move toward the door . monty . ; yeah , I hope so , definitely . good see you . monty make he escape and Trey watch he go . nancy he go to Campbell - sawyer ? trey mm. well , he be a scholarship kid . it do not take , though . they throw he out junior year . through the subway car window , they watch monty jogging up the stair . nancy for what ? trey selling drug . beat you can take the kid out of bensonhurst , but you can not take the bensonhurst out of the kid . ext . brogan be bar — night the snow be fall faster . we watch the flake spin through a yellow cone of streetlight . we see the bar from the street .. the name " brogan 's bar & Grill " be write in gold script on the storefront window . from the outside it look like any other bensonhurst bar , neon beer sign hang in the window . int . brogan' bar on : the inside , though , it 's clear that attention have be pay to every detail . everything be right : the zinc bartop , the brass foot -rail , the antique mirror behind the liquor . ( continued ) 35 , continued : oe eonnacee a bartender wipe down the bartop with a rag and a spray - bottle . two customer sit on stool and watch the basketball game on television . monty sit at a corner table with he father , jame brogan , fifty . each man have a pint of guinness . the older brogan be clearly a fine-looking man in he day , but the year have be hard on he . monty point at the Tiffany - glass sconce on the wall . monty where would you find that ? mr . brogan estate sale in sheepshead Bay . Old lady die and she kid sell everything five day later . the china - she probably think she great '' grandkid would be eat off that plate . monty maybe they do not need any more plate . . mr. brogan ( wistfully ) it be beautiful china . monty lean back in he chair and survey the place . not that he have not 's see the bar a thousand time — he 's have a hard time look directly at he father . . RUTH ( 60 ) , a waitress with a face like a crumpled paper bag , arrive with the food : pork chop for the elder brogan , a steak for monty . . _ monty oe eee thanks , Ruth . ; RUTH anytime , sweetie . she rest she hand on monty 's shoulder for a moment . RUTH ( cont 'd ) I will send you cookie every month . peanut butter , right ? you favorite . monty smile and nod . Ruth exchange glance with Mr. brogan before depart . Mr. brogan break a bread roll and butter it . he stare at the butter bread and leave - it on he plate . ( continued ) will continued : ( 2 ) m , ) '' mr. brogan so I talk to sal - — monty ah , come on , dad . mr . brogan see if he can help with anything . : monty sal ? the guy 's be out of the picture for twenty year . mr . brogan he might know some people in there . monty '' the guy 's three hundred year old . he sit around play gin rummy all day . what 's he go to do for I ? mr . brogan he still know people . monty ce dad , would you please ? I will be all right . se just , please , do not get involved in this . ( beat ) okay ? mr . brogan you be still go to be a young man when you get out . .- monty let he fork drop and wipe he mouth with he napkin . mr . brogan ( cont 'd ) I know you do n't_think so .. but listen to I . you keep you head down in there . do not start any trouble . monty jesus. enough . both man stare at the uneaten food on they plate . mr . brogan this should never have happen . . monty rap the tabletop with he knuckle . ( continued ) | continued : ( 3 ) . va weg . monty dad ? I fuck up okay ? what else can I tell you ? I fuck up . int . brogan' bathroom — later monty stand in the cramped bathroom , stare into the mirror . someone have scrawle " fuck you " in magic marker on the wall above the mirror . CUT to : int . dea division office , interrogation room ~ morning monty stare into the mirror cover one wall of the room . int . observation room — continuous two agent stare back at he through the one - way glass . int . dea division office , interrogation room — continuous monty.sits at the table and wait . agent brzowksi walk in , follow by agent cunningham . brzowski leave the door ajar . for a moment . monty look through the door and see naturelle leave another room , escort by two agent . she make eye contact with monty . brzowski shut the door . he smile at monty . _ agent brzowski good look girl you get there . monty glare at he . brzowski pretend to sh ,iver . agent . brzqmskt , ( cont 's D ) ooh , that 's a scary look . yikes . you see the look he give I ? cunningham laugh . both agent take seat at the table . agent brzowski ( cont 'd ) naturelle Rosario . what a name . you see the body on that girl ? cunningham laugh again . _ monty you fuck touch she — agent brzowski no , no , you have get it all wrong . she fuck touch you . ( continued ) o continued : '' monty be silent for a few second . when he do speak , he tone be very quiet and deliberate — he be try to restrain he temper . monty you be lie to I . agent brzowski be I ? that 's sweet , you really trust she . all I know be , she 's walk away . wwe just sign she release . bye bye , naturelle . agent cunningham she 's probably have a big party tonight . agent brzowski sure , why not ? Big celebration . she 's get that whole big apartment to herself now . agent cunningham she 's a smart girl . you on the other hand ... & : agent brzowski you be suppose to be smart . get yourself a scholarship to a fancy private school , huh ? not bad for a kid from bensonhurst . agent cunningham and then you get yourself throw out for deal . pretty dumb , buddy . " ~ " _ — ' agent " brzowski you know what happen to pretty boy like you in prison ? agent cunningham oh , they be gonna love you . agent brzowski but it 's not too late , brogan . first felony offense , we can offer you a nice deal . you just gotta be smart . so why do not you tell we about you friend uncle Blue . monty ( to cunningham ) can I ask you a question ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) . vecccceccupunp ttap tee agent cunningham sure . cunningham and brzowski lean forward , eager to hear monty name the name . monty when you have get you dick up he ass , be he still talk all the time ? cunningham and brzowski sit back . monty ( cont 'd ) Cause it seem to I he never shut up , and I be just wonder , be that annoying , you be fuck the guy up the ass and he never shut up ? CUT to : int . brogan' bathroom monty still stare at the mirror . he wet he thumb and try to rub out the magic marker " fuck you " . someone knock on the door . monty rub harder . it 's not come out . another knock . monty yeah , all right . int . brogan' bar monty return to the table , sit , drink some guinness . , monty ; let I a bk ' you " '' " a question . . '' mr. brogan okay . : monty what do you think of naturelle ? * mr. brogan she 's a good girl . you mother would have like she . monty do you trust she ? ( continued ) q tee 40 ° continued : @ " mr. brogan do I trust she ? why do J have to trust she ? monty do you think I can trust she ? mr . brogan where you go with this ? monty ; ; I have be hearing weird thing . ( beat ) . . . some people be say she dime I out . mr . brogan ( incredulous ) why would she do that ? monty I do not know . maybe the fed get to she somehow . blackmail she . | mr. brogan : the girl love you / monty . I can not cs believe she would betray you . . monty everything 's get so strange , dad . I wake up some morning and it - take I a minute to remember who I be , you know ? where I be go . Mr. brogan look down at he plate and nod . monty ( cont 'd ) ' most of the people I be with , I look at i. have ' themand . - t* thihk , '' this 's be ’my friend ?.. , '' ( beat : as t be ote h the only one I trust this day be you and the guy - I grow up with — Frank Jake . mr . brogan I miss that boy . monty and naturelle ... Jesus . I can not get it out of my head . ; ft : q/ Li mr. brogan ; it do not really matter now , do it ? ( continued ) leo. | | | p | 41 . continued : ( 2 ) monty stare at he father , blue eye unblink . monty it matter to I . monty check he watch . , monty ( cont 'd ) I should get go . mr . brogan ; okay . I will see you in the morning . Mr. brogan remove he wallet from the inside pocket of he jacket . _ monty : the morning ? what for ? I be take a bus up there . mr. brogan forget the bus . I will drive you . it will take half as long . . monty frown , back he chair away from the table . monty no thanks . I would rather say goodbye here . Mr. brogan pull a small photograph from he wallet and hand it to he son . mr . brogan take this . they will let you keep it . monty hold the picture carefully . insert : photo - : James brogan , twenty year young , he arm around he beautiful wife . the six - year- old Montgomery brogan stand in front of they , wear yellow pajamas and a red plastic fireman 's helmet , stare at the floor . . mr . brogan ( cont 'd ) when you be a little kid you use to sleep in that fireman 's helmet . you mother — monty ( still look at photo ) do not , dad . not now . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) monty carefully insert the photo into he own wallet , kiss he father 's forehead , and walk away . James brogan stare at the empty chair where monty have sit . int . eleutheria greek restaurant — night uncle blue , senka valghobek , and victor gedny sit on the private balcony that overlook the restaurant 's main room . the place be furnish in classic Outer borough Greek fashion : whitewash wall , clay-tile floor , poster of the parthenon at dawn and santorini at sunset . uncle Blue own the place . he 's a fierce - look man with a thick black beard , powerful hand , and no tolerance for incompetence . it 's hard to determine he age — anywhere from forty to sixty . valghobek , he lieutenant , look at first glance like a overweight suburban dad . but on closer inspection there be something absolutely mirthless in he smile , a meanness around he eye . he 's in he late forty . gedny , mid-thirty , uncle Blue 's lawyer , wear a shiny suit , a gold bracelet , and a deep , artificial - look tan . gedny busily eat he shrimp and fota while the other two watch he . gedny gesture toward the window . gedny start to snow . uncle blue you meet with brogan this morning . eee uncle Blue 's accent , like he age , be difficult to pin down . he could be afghani or iranian or turkish . . . : gedny I do , yeah . gedny reach for he wine , take a sip . uncle blue and ? gedny he 's not loving life right now , obviously . I do not know . he 's hard to read . ( continued ) '' 43 , continued : ) uncle blue I know he be . I do not like that . gedny listen , one hundred percent certain , the kid do not flip . they would not be send he to otisville if he flip . uncle Blue and valghobek exchange glance . it 's clear they do not have much respect for the lawyer . uncle blue we be talk about human behavior , Mr. gedny . nothing be one hundred percent certain . valghobek do not assume they be idiot . gedny that 's just it . they be not idiot . no way in hell the kid 's still walk around out here if he flip Federal . second he go he 's go , right ? if he 's they star witness , they would have jist disappear he . gedny fork another shrimp and eat it . gedny ( cont 'd ) ( mouth full ) he 's keep he mouth shut . . valghobek so far . n ; ~ " be ony '' cnet he 's a smart kid . - he know what 's good for he . : . uncle blue he 's soft . he will not last long in there . gedny he will have to . fed mandatory , that mean one day off per month of good behavior . even if he 's a fuck choirboy , he 's in there seven year . uncle blue 's ( to valghobek ) } he 's come tonight ? ( continued ) ae oe e 44 : continued : ( 2 ) valghobek nod gedny where to ? throw he a goodbye party at Velvet ? uncle blue you will not be there , Mr. gedny . gedny what do I have to do to rate one of that velvet party ? aside from get lock up for seven year . uncle blue win more trial . gedny laugh but quickly notice that uncle Blue and . valghobek be not amused . gedny listen , they find six hundred and fifty ge in you boy 's sofa cushion . they get every white junkie on the East side say brogan 's the sell . game over . uncle Blue and valghobek say nothing . gedny lick he lip - gedny ( cont 'd ) : it 's U.S. code . there 's nothing to argue . who do I argue with , the fuck grid ? it 's seventy - eight to ninety - seven month , automatic . I keep he out of .. stepback *... kep t im in the world for..a , few extra month — , uncle . blue | : the. judge . keep he out of -stepback . why ? - if he 's not talk with the federal , how come he 's still on the street ? gedny shrug . gedny it 's pretty common for non-violent offender . he 's a white boy with no record and he . father put up he bar as the bail bond . they be not worried about he jump . ( continued ) 0 continued : ( 3 ) : . ae : uncle blue they know more than you think . if brogan 's tell the truth , he be touch . the dea go straight to he sofa . they know exactly where it be . gedny someone dime he out . you know who ? uncle Blue and valghobek watch the lawyer , impassive and silent . gedny ( cont 'd ) none of my business . uncle blue correct . ext . mulberry STREET — night monty walk down the snow - cover street , hand in the pocket of he camel 's hair coat . he watch everything intently : the passersby , the car swerving through the slush , the store and restaurant . ext . clothing boutique he stop in front of a fashionable shop . Beyond the plate glass window , bald mannequin wear the latest style . . CUT to : ext . clothing boutique — flashback ( two year earlier ) monty and naturelle , hand in hand , stare through the window at the elegantly attirejl . manneguins_» , , the shop appear to be close for the night . naturelle this be my favorite store . ' monty I know . let 's go in . naturelle it 's close . monty not for you it 's not . he rap on the window . a sale clerk ( 25 ) walk over to the window , peer out and see monty . he go to the door unlock it , hold it open for naturelle and monty . ( continued ) 45 . 46 . continued : naturelle stare at monty , who smile and beckon for she to enter . she raise she eyebrow and go in . monty nod to the clerk as he enter the store . monty ( cont 'd ) how you do ? clerk pretty good , monty , how you be ? int . clothing boutique naturelle and monty have the shop to themselves . she walk around , inspect the blouse , the pants , the jacket and handbags . monty watch hex . _ naturelle . : everything here be so expensive . monty do not worry about that . it 's you birthday . the clerk emerge from the back room . 7 allt [ ] 4 n clerk ws we get some of the new stuff in from ftaly this morning . you want to take a ook 's ? . int . back room the new clothes be still wrap in plastic . naturelle poke around , touch the fabric , examine the cut . the clerk touch her.arm '' .. -- - _ clerk here , check out this dress . it 's the best '' thing they have make in year . he tear the plastic wrap off a dress hang in the corner of_thp — rnrmu — [ t_really — is—a_gorgeous -dress , — sleek -and-silver , — look almost liquid under the fluorescent light . naturelle hold the hanger to she chest and look at herself in a full - length mirror lean against one wall . she turn to monty and smile . CUT to : @ o 47 . ext . clothing boutique window — night monty , still remember , stare through the window . his reflection stare back at he . int . slattery's apartment — night slattery open the door and jakob hurry in , he yankee hat ( which e wear for the rest of the night ) and coat dust with snow . slattery it 's really come down , huh ? slattery life in_a Young man with money without woman apartment . the television set in the live room be so large that the weatherman startles jakob . the live room itself be bigger than many Manhattan apartment , but it 's empty except for the television , a old sofa , a coffee table , a : Persian rug ( still roll ) under the window , and a shiny red electric guitar in the corner . slattery return to the sofa , bottle of beer in hand , while jakob remain stand , brush the snow from he coat . _ jakob ( indicate guitar ) you take lesson ? slattery you think I have time for guitar lesson ? it 's nice though , huh ? __ jakob yeah , it 's nice . slattery i. like that color red . have you check out the tv yet ? Big , right ? jakob . =. very big . ' on television , the weatherman blab on about the come storm . weatherman ... for the New York metropolitan area and I will tell you what , Carol , it could be a doozy . expect anywhere from six to ten inch of snow . ( continued ) continued : jakob do you think real human being use the word " doozy " ? slattery ten inch of snow ! jakob maybe we will have a snow day tomorrow . slattery we should go ski this weekend . I buy some racing skis . six hundred buck .for a pair of fuck skis . jakob I do not know how to ski . slattery well so what . neither do I . but ten inch ! ( beat ) a you gonna stand all night ? you be make I nervous . jakob sit beside slattery and stare unhappily at the huge television . when the screen go blank before a commercia he see he own face reflect in the glass . jakob Frank ? slattery yeah ? jakob be you ready for this ? slattery change channel . . slattery for what ? _ jakob for tonight . slattery what 's there to be ready for ? - jakob what do we say to he ? he 's go to be live in a cell for seven year . ( more ) ( continued ) G 49 . continued : < 2 ) - jakob ( cont 'd ) it 's like visit a friend in the stes hospital with cancer . what do we say ? slattery we do not say anything . we get he drunk and go wherever he want to go . jakob I do not even know why he invite I . slattery what be you talk about ? jakob we hardly ever see each other this day . _ you and I be he friend from the past . slattery his friend from the present have not do he much good . they be quiet for a time , stare at the huge television . jakob I can not believe he will be go for seven year . someone turn he in and boom , goodbye . , — ) | slattery it 's the best thing that ever happen to he . the comment startles jakob . jakob what do that mean ? slattery it mean if he do not get arrest , he would not be alive in seven year . they would find he under the Manhattan Bridge with two bullet in he head . jakob think about this for a second before pick up a frame photograph from the coffee table . ' insert picture slattery , jakob and monty at age sixteen , mugging for the camera . jakob God , we be little punk , huh ? {. ( : ( continued ) . . woe - see ~ 50 , continued : ( 3 ) slattery grunt . jakob continue to stare at the photograph . CUT to : int . campbell -sawyer cafeteria — flashback the three boy , age sixteen , sit at a table with they trays of food . they wear the school uniform : blazer with the Campbell - sawyer crest , loosely knotted tie . Young slattery pick up a strand of limp spaghetti from he plate . young slattery watch this . he stick one end up one nostril while he friend stare at he . slattery snort and then blow he nose . monty and jakob back away in disgust . slattery stick a finger into he other nostril and pull down the end of the spaghetti strand . one end of the spaghetti strand now dangle from each nostril . he pull on each end , a little this way , a little that way . young slattery ( cont 'd ) it 's call brain floss . young monty this be why you be still a virgin . young slattery I be not a virgin . two classmate , trey and mason , come over to they table . . both be blonde , waspy , and lazily elegant . trey that 's attractive , slattery . mason very classy . here they be , the three lord of the Outer borough . slattery glare at they , the spaghetti still dangle from he nose . young slattery fuck you . ( continued ) 51 . ' continued : . : >o trey ooh , good comeback . come on , we expect we scholarship boy to be a little quick than that . young slattery ( clenching he fist ) you want to see how quick I be ? mason all right , all right , take it easy . what be you boy up to this weekend ? young jakob ' we have get that paradise lose paper due Monday . Trey roll he eye . trey . monty , you come to my party ? young monty I do not know , maybe . trey it 's gonna be a rager . young slattery a Park Avenue rager ? you be gonna sit around drink tea ? slattery drink from he milk carton , ietting he pinkie finger dangle in imitation of a aristocrat drink tea - trey , no a smoke tea , more like . I be buy half a ounce in the meadow later on . mason mimic smoking a J. mason ; 7 two hundred buck , go up in smoke . 7 young monty two hundred buck for half a ounce ? trey why , how much do it cost you ? monty shrug . ( continued ) e continued : ( 2 ) young monty I could get it for seventy . Trey pull out he calfskin wallet and select a crisp hundred dollar bill . he hand it to monty . trey you get it , you can keep the change . Trey and mason amble away . monty nap the bill between he finger . jakob look at monty skeptically . young jakob since when be you the big player ? ' young monty ( gesture at Trey and mason ) they be bear with money , right ? okay , fair enough . I be bear with sway . young jakob what 's sway ? monty lean toward the next table over , where four geekish student be poring over they textbooks . young monty hey , Julian . how 's that math homework treat you ? julian , a pale , pudgy boy with a odd resemblance to Alfred hitchcock , grin at monty and shrug . he 's clearly flatter by monty 's attention ; he three friend stare at monty . ee en julian = ch piece of cake . want to borrow it ? '' young monty . just to make sure you do not screw it up . Julian laugh and hand monty a sheet of graph paper cover with geometric proofs . julian try not to copy my name this time . young monty ha ha . monty smile at jakob and flutter the graph paper . ( continued ) 2 . 53 . continued : ( 3 ) ( zfl young monty ( cont 'd ) a~ y sway . ( beat ; hey , Frank , you eat that ? Cause I be still hungry . he grab for the spaghetti strand dangle from slattery 's nose . slattery defend himself with a butter knife . CUT to : int . slattery's apartment jakob return - the photograph to the coffee table . jakob lord of the Outer borough . remember that ? . slattery stand and stretch . he look tired . slattery you want to help I with this rug ? it 's be sit here for a month . jakob where do you want it ? slattery over here . they carry the roll rug to the center of the room and tear off the plastic wrap . jakob ; what 's he plan to do with doyle ? / slattery doyle ? I do not know . give he to naturelle ? slattery ball up the plastic wrap ' and toss it into the corner . they begin unrol the rug . jakob they should at least let he take he dog with he . maybe it would not be so lonely . slattery cock a eyebrow and stare at jakob . slattery . ; - i you can not take you dog to prison with ) set you . ( continued ) continued : i 3 jakob I be just say it would be nice if you could . they look down at the unroll rug . slattery that look pretty good 's jakob monty 's tough . I think he will be okay . continue . jakob ( cont 'd ) if it be I , I would never last a day . but monty 's different . slattery ( dismissively ) you do not get it . here , let 's move it closer to the sofa . e& they lift the rug and shift it a few foot . jakob so explain it to I . slattery start shaking he head and jakob hurriedly | slattery you want the simple version ? people who look like monty do not do well in prison . coee eee wee jakob you be talk about ... it can not be 's as bad as people say . I mean , it 's a Federal prison . I be sure they ' be pretty careful — slattery start to laugh . slattery man , you talk ‘exactly like a guy who never leave school . slattery ( cont 'd ) monty ! 's get three choice , and none of they be good . one , he can run . get ona train go to wherever and hope they never catch up to he . jakob have no comeback for this . he simmer . I ( continued ) | 55 . continued : ( 2 ) jakob he will not do that . his dad 's bar — slattery I be not say what he will do , I be say what he choice be . number two — slattery make a gun with he thumb and index finger and point it at he temple . jakob 's eye go wide . jakob kill himself ? not a chance . no way . what 's the third choice ? slattery the third choice ? slattery think about it for a minute . _ slattery ( cont 'd ) ; the third choice be he go to prison . jakob that 's what 's go to happen . he will go and he will make it through . oo slattery maybe . but no matter what , it 's bye - bye monty . jakob what do that mean ? slattery raise he thumb . slattery . if he run , he 's go . and he will not be : come home . . ; he raise he index finger . slattery ( cont 'd ) if he pull the trigger , he 's go . they will keep the casket close . he raise he middle finger . slattery ( com " D ) if they lock he away , he 's go . you will never see he again . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 3 ) jakob , I will see he again . I will visit he up there and I will see he when he get out . slattery I would not bet on it . you think you be still gonna be friend ? you think you will kick back with a couple beer and reminisce ? forget it , Jake . it 's over after tonight . int . monty' kitchen — night : naturelle , wear the sleek , shimmer silver dress , enter the kitchen . she 's look for something . she find she key by the cut board , and then stop for a moment , look at the carve knife atop the clean cut oard . CUT to : int . monty' kitchen — one year earlier naturelle , wear short and a t-shirt , slice onion while music play on the stereo . we hear the apartment door open and close , and then monty come into the kitchen . naturelle continue slice onion , monty walk over to she and embrace she from behind . he kiss she neck , she ear . naturelle you have a good day ? " ne '' ' monty ~ . . - " " 7 -7 mm hm . _' naturelle 's do anything special ? monty nope. naturelle anyone call for I when I be out ? . monty Nah . naturelle nobody ? monty begin to get worried . ( continued ) continued : - ! sere ete monty ~ ido not - 2 naturelle wheel around and monty have to jump back to avoid get gut by the carve knife . ; naturelle ; like , for example , my mother do not call ? um ... _ monty oh , shit . shit , I be sorry . I completely — naturelle stab the air to emphasize she point . naturelle this be the third time this month , Montgomery . what 's you problem , you be illiterate ? you can not write down a . message on a piece of paper ? | monty I mean to . I just — naturelle you mean to ? you mean to ? monty could you put the knife away ? : ~ naturelle I will re. the knife away . you want I to - put the knife away ? __ monty ( smile ) okay — a oo naturelle this be funny ? monty step back and naturelle advance on he with the knife . she 's kid , basically , but it 's hard to tell . naturelle ( cont 'd ) you think this be funny ? I will carve you heart out , you shit . monty laugh . doyle have walk into the kitchen and now stand behind monty , stare up curiously at the two human . monty you be gonna carve my heart out ? . * ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) naturelle wave the knife at he and monty take another step backward , trip over doyle , and land hard on he back . he begin to laugh hysterically . naturelle _ keep laugh . she kick he in the rib , not very hard , and monty howl with laughter . doyle , a little confuse , lick monty 's face . naturelle ( cont 'd ) yeah , keep laugh , you fuck . I will carve you heart out and feed it to doyle . she continue kick while monty laugh and doyle , mystify , begin to bark , and finally naturelle start laugh too . monty grab she wrist and pull she down on top of he . she drop the knife to the side and bite monty , hard , oh the lip . cutto : int . monty' kitchen — present naturelle , in she silver dress , stare at the carve knife . doyle pad in behind she , panting . naturelle turn and look down at he blunt , expectant face . naturelle you ready for . this ? int . velvet nightclub — manager' office — night lur volande have decorate he office wall with sign photograph of various low - rung : celebrity . volandé , a potbelly tian in he iate ' thirty ; with a mane of curly black hair , sit behind he desk , listen to kostya , who shadowbox , ringed fist flash . volande you move pretty well for a fat man . so tell I about this party tonight kostya throw a left-right - leave combination . kostya . uncle Blue want the VIP room . ( continued ) L. continued : oo we wp yp I CO volande : ) all right , that 's what he want . it 's he place . if someone have ask , I would have say do this party some other night . tonight 's gonna be insane . this dj we have get play , he 's like Jesus this day . every high school kid in the five borough be gonna be at my door . | kostya frown at the smaller man . kostya monty go to prison tomorrow . you want we have party tomorrow night ? | volande ( hold up he hand ) . hey , I like monty . he 's a good kid . okay , any special request for this party ? volande tap the side of he nose . kostya shake he head . kostya none of that . for he last night , we get oat , . he a girl . od volande . . . & what do he like ? kostya smile . kostya monty ? he like everything . get hima pretty girl . and do not be cheap . the office door open . uncle Blue and valghobek walk in . volande quickly stand . we : volande to : hey. I do not — we be not expect you . uncle blue ( to kostya ) what time be monty coin tonight ? kostya one , two , who know ? monty will be late for he own funeral . . _ uncle blue ( grim ) ; a no , he will not . bring he here at three . ©) ( continued ) ~~ - 3 - - eeee - . . a ooo 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 'o kostya sure . uncle blue you hear I ? Three o'clock . volande you want I to , uh — - _._ uncle blue from midnight on , I want you somewhere else . nobody come down here , you get that ? int . bug bar — night slatter.y. and jakob sit on bar stool . slattery sip froma glass of whiskey ; jakob nurse a bottle of beer . the bug bar get its name_from the exotic insect in glass jar behind the bar . a television above the bar show the entertainment news . a veteran in a army jacket practice trick shot on the pool table , jody , the young , zaftig bartender , run a rag over the cc . bartop . jody how you do , Frank ? you want another one ? slattery thanks . --- ----- she pours-his-bourbon - . ppg nay oo , jody '' how about you , honey ? jakob no , I be fine . jody walk away . slattery and jakob examine she tush . jakob ( cont 'd ) a one of the guy at school , this biology teacher , Terry — do you ever meet Terry ? slattery , ( still watch tush ) no . ( continued ) . 61 , * continued : - | -f 3 jakob ina anyway , he. really like this girl . sort of — slattery a girl ? what do you mean , a student ? jakob a student , yeah . a junior . what 's weird be , I mean this girl be sixteen . maybe : ' seventeen , I do not know . she 's not really pretty — not in the usual way , but she 's — I do not know , she 's get something . ! slattery . uh-huh . jakob I tell he — I tell Terry he ought to just forget about it , put she out of he mind , but he 's — he 's kind of obsess . it 's a little scary , the way he talk about it . he 's like , five year from now , she will be almost out of college . and t'1f be thirty - one . nothing wrong with i + 1 ~ i ) that . any slattery sip from he whiskey . he still have not look at jakob . . slattery jakob 's eye go wide . we ce ete ee ren rb ie occa , - see , wait a second . if you be listen to I you would know ' I be talk about : ° to Terry . the biology teacher ? Terry ? ' slattery turn and appraise jakob . | slattery you have not fuck she yet , have you ? you have not fuck she , right ? { | jakob start to protest and slattery raise he eyebrow . i jakob | no. slattery - good . that would be a mistake . fv '' ( continued ) oo , 62. continued : ( 2 ) , jakob angrily pick at the label of he beer bottle . jakob I be not a pervert or anything . slattery drain he whiskey . he try to catch jody 's eye , but she 's stare at someone who just walk into the bar . slattery and jakob see monty in the mirror . for a moment neither of they move . '' then both of they force cheerful expression onto they face . they rise and each embrace monty in turn . monty you be here long ? jakob oh , we get here early . . monty uncle Blue 's throw I a party at Velvet . we ought to head over there . jakob whose uncle be he ? monty huh ? Nah , it 's a nickname . his real name 's like ankaybusim or something , but no one can pronounce it . monty survey the sawdust - cover floor , the country rtiusic - --.piay-ing--j-u-keboxy-the-glass jar of bgs , ..._. monty ( cont 'd ) what be this place ? jakob Frank want to be a redneck . he come here and whistle Dixie while he 's pee . jody line up three shot -glasses of . whiskey . jody it 's nasty outside . you fella gotta warm up before you head out . slattery thanks , jody . jody smile at monty . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) ~~~. jody y'all ought to come by on Sunday for the Super bowl . we be set up a big screen . I have a second cousin play for the packer . slattery rub the calluse on he palm and jakob stare at the floor . jody laugh at they morose reaction . jody ( cont 'd ) you do not have to come ! I be just say . monty raise he glass and slattery and jakob grab they glass and raise they too . monty fuck Sunday . he drink . slattery and jakob hesitate and then follow suit . ext . velvet — night monty step out of a taxi , follow by slattery and jakob . a roiling mob occupy half the block , crowd in front of the entrance to the dance club . most be teenager . they clot together in group of four and fives , smoking cigarettes and stomping they foot to keep warm . almost none be dress for the snow . monty the whole city come out to say goodbye . slattery + '' jto - u'\verjgot a lot of yojxng..fan.s.. i- think - we be the oldest one here . mo monty — , wait a second . .- monty slip through the maze of boy and girl . the kid look at he as he walk by . monty make he way to the velvet rope . khari greene , a pillar of a man wear the exact same camel 's hair coat as monty , stand by the door , check name off a clipboard . two pale scar run in parallel line down khari 's leave cheek monty ( cont 'd ) Nice coat , you bastard . ( continued ) 64 . continued : Lee khari look up from he clipboard and smile . he offer he hand and they shake . khari it 's the man . the man have arrive . wearing my coat . monty . I gotta tell you , buddy , it look better on I . khari skeptically finger the sleeve of monty 's coat . khari yeah , well , I hope you get some seven - year mothball for that coat . monty hesitates and then laugh . khari put he arm around monty 's shoulder . khari ( cont 'd ) - you do all right ? monty just try not to think , you know ? ( gesture at the crowd ) what 's with all the kid ? khari the legendary dj dusk be spin wax tonight . my homeboy from hollis . Boy 's seventeen year old . seventeen ! but damn , he get the girly move . do not worry ' about 's - the - crowd *? they - - got-.thgl-.yip - setjupe™ " " for y'all . . . monty , , - I have get my people wait . you want I to bring they through here ? khari take ‘em to the avenue entrance . I will get the door open . monty thanks , man . khari you get it . when you go in ? monty Bus leave at nine a.m . < continued ) 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 9 " = . " * y rim 2 khari otisville right ? monty nod . khari ( cont 'd ) uncle get any people - in there ? monty no one worth know . kharit the federal , they run a nice place . lot nicer than stare . | monty I be a lucky kid . khari / luck of the irish , right ? mont luck of the irish . khari grip monty 's shoulder . S khart - be ) listen up . do not lose you temper until it 's time to lose you temper . you hear ? monty all right . I will see you around the way . they shake hand and monty signal for slattery and jakob to follow he . monty slide through the crowd ; slattery bull through * . like -& a--f-ullback block for--his speedier — teammate . '' ~ jakob walk with a. high degree of self - consciousness , , . : nervously ' dodging around the various obstacle . he pass one stone girl who stand with she head back , catch snowflake in she mouth . mary : i hey ! elinsky ! Mr. elinsky ! hey ! jakob freeze . her hand catch he sleeve and he be force to turn around , force to stare into the unnaturally bright eye of Mary d'annunzio . . she wear dark denim jeans , a fake raccoon fur coat , and no | . hat . her wet black hair snake across she forehead and neck . A. lo Black trail of eye shadow stain she cheek . a ) es ! . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) mary ( cont 'd ) ha ! it 's elinsky ! jakob oh . mary what be you do here ? God , I do not know you ever leave the school ! I think you have a bed down in the boiler room or something . . jakob Mary d'annunzio . mary Mary '' B + " d'annunzio , that 's I . she see the look on he face and quickly continue . mary ( cont 'd ) I be kid . it 's not a big deal . jakob ; ; '' I have get to go . I be here with friend . mary the guy who come to class today , right ? he know people , huh ? what do you think , could he get we in ? . jakob uh , I do not — ce ete ce mary tet leet eee ee ean ee they be not let anyone in right now . '' they say it 's too crowded already . . uo ( increasingly hyper ) we . I have to get 's in there . I have to ! you be a fan of dusk ? jakob sure . mary he 's the absolute truth , right ? he be so truth . I can not believe you be into dusk ! no offense , I mean , but I think you be more into flute or — é J ; jakob ; ; I think dusk : be very good . but I like he earlier stuff better . . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) mary his earlier stuff ? monty ( 0.s. ) Jake , what be you do ? monty have circle back and now motion for jakob to hurry . monty ( cont 'd ) I have get someone hold the door for we . mary hey ! you be the guy with the dog . monty recognize she from the classroom . monty it 's past you bedtime , be not it ? Mary clutches jakob 's arm and rest she head on he chest . mary I be with Jake . we be lover . jakob close he eye . monty grin . oo . monty be that right ? I do not realize you two be lover . well , come on , plenty of room inside . ; mary ; ; wait ... I have get three friend with I . monty ( co : _ __ . mary ' no. ue monty be you retarded ? : : he turn and lead they around the corner / mary better one than none , I guess . jakob disengage himself from Mary . she beam at he . they follow monty to the side door and disappear inside . int . velvet — moment later 68. monty walk up the back staircase ( mark Club employee only ) . Mary follow he . jakob 's in the rear . he stunne . mary ( to monty ) so how do you know Jake ? monty we go to school together . mary you go to Campbell - sawyer ? you do not seem the type . monty they do not think so , either . mary still look I hate that place . elinsk — Jake 's okay , but mostly — jakob look , monty , she 's seventeen . we can not take she in here . monty ; why not ? we be already in . mary I have get id . see lrt ety ee eee what do you say you name be ? Mary apnaqothnon '' ay /se yi age sot ee helt fey hy d'annunzio . monty what do you think of Mr. elinsky ? mary he 's all right . he act like a little man sometimes . jakob now listen — tag tt sal gy . ep oy pe I pe old ( continued ) 69 . . continued : : arte ik i a '' monty that 's true , he do . I think tonight should be a big night for Mr. elinsky . I think we should make sure Mr. elinsky have fun for once . . monty push open the door at the stop of the staircase . the noise rush in , overwhelmingly loud , the bass vibrate in we bone . Mary open she mouth and speak , but we might not be able to hear it over the music . mary . Truth . int . velvet VIP room — moment later monty lead jakob and Mary into the VIP room . naturelle be already there , speak with slattery . the wall of the VIP room be cover with crush red velvet . the couch : be upholster in red velvet , the small bar in the corner be drape with red velvet , the carpet be red faux velvet . dj dusk 's music pour from speaker bolt into the corner . his beat be impossible to sit still for , incorporate element of bossa nova , techno , hip hop , and jazz . : slattery have a hard time keep he eye off naturelle . his . | gaze tend to slide she way , and he desire for she be apparent to everyone . naturelle smile when she see monty and go to he . she look beautiful in - the silver dr.ess ...- se..hug he . monty stand awkwardly in she embrace . when she realize he 's not return the hug , she quickly release he . he 's watch she carefully . she see jakob and smile at he . naturelle hey , Jake . she hug jakob . Mary have not stop dance since first | hearing dusk 's mix . naturelle ( cont 'd ) ( look at Mary ) be this you friend ? ° [ ad . . kj ( continued ) continued : jakob no ... mary I be he lover , Mary . naturelle arch one eyebrow . naturelle okay . I be naturelle . mary I have see picture of this room . the smash pumpkin be in here . she turn and examine monty more closely . mary ( cont 'd ) who be you ? are. you somebody famous ? monty do we a favor , d'annunzio . do not talk too much . Mary grin , tear off she fake fur coat , and hide it underneath a sofa . she wear a white tank - top with tweety Bird emblazon on the front . tweety Bird look scared . daphne , a young waitress in a green dress , come over with a tray of champagne flute . naturelle kiss daphne on the cheek and the two woman exchange greeting . everyone take a glass . monty ( cont 'd ) set set ( raise he glass ~ ) Champagne for my real friend , real pain for my sham friend . everyone take a sip except for Mary , who guzzle hers in one giant gulp , then belch and wipe she mouth with the back of she hand . jakob stare at she , horrify . mary anyone want to go dance ? naturelle glance at monty . monty do what you - want to do . jakob and slattery hear the coldness in monty 's voice and be surprised by it . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) mm am cn , Mary grab naturelle 's hand and lead she out the door . slattery ( to daphne ) you have any whiskey ? daphne what kind do you want ? I will call down for some . slattery Nah , do not bother , I will get it . he nod at monty and jakob . slattery ( cont 'd ) back in a minute . daphne set a champagne bottle in a ice bucket on the table , then retreat to the small bar in the corner of the room . monty sit on the red velvet sofa and jakob lie down next to he , cover he eye with he arm . jakob I can not believe you bring my student in here . monty she 's cute , buddy . she talk too much but she 's cute . . jakob you . be go to get I fire . do you realize that ? she will tell she friend , teem " — - and they ' will -t -e- 1 - 1the - i - — friend — 6 the oe .. monty so what , so 's you run '' into she ata . dance club . you have not do anything wrong , have you ? not yet . jakob not yet ? what do that mean ? monty you want this girl , do not you ? jakob shit , monty , she ! 's seventeen ! she 's my student . I can not touch she . {continued ) 0 le lo alr continued : ( 3 ) monty I would . she 's get that look . I like little girl with tattoo . jakob groan and rub he hand over he face . monty ( cont 'd ) it 's good see you , man . I guess we have kind of go we separate way . jakob sit up . jakob yeah . monty it 's too bad . you be smarter than the people I know this day . 72 . monty pour more champagne for jakob and himself , then raise he glass . monty ( cont 'd ) make I a toast . jakob be startle by the request . jakob you want I to make a toast ? monty . yeah . come on , I will not be see you for a while . say something nice . jakob stare at the tiny bubbles rise '' infill '' glass . '' jakob urine . monty all right . here 's to doyle . jakob to doyle . they touch glass and drink . monty he 's you dog now . jakob what ? < continued ) continued : ( 4 ) monty he need a home . and he love you . jakob yeah , but ... I do not know . you have see the size of my apartment . monty poor doyle , he will live in a small apartment . hey , he 's a tough dog . he will survive . jakob what about nat ? monty she 's move in with she mom . woman hate he . and doyle hate Frank . and my dad 's allergic . ; _ jakob the thing be — 73. monty take another sip and then hold the champagne flute up e to the light . na , monty cristal . they go all out for I , huh ? I be lucky to work for such caring people . jakob ; . one more glass of this and I be officially drunk . monty listen , this be important to I .. doyle be important to I . you understand that ? jakob yeah , of course . monty doyle 's the toughest guy I know . he be lie there off the highway when I find he , wait to die . he know he be go to die . and he do not make a sound . the best thing I ever do , my whole life , be rescue that black little son-of - a-bitch . every day he 's have since then be because of I . every time he run through the j ark , that 's I . every bone he chew — ne ecause of I . I save he . ( more ) ( continued ) @ ©° local ed continued : ( 5 ) monty ( cont 'd ) and it 's different from what you would expect , right ? I save he but I be the one that 's grateful . because I see he run around , I hear he bark , and there he be , the best thing I ever do , in the flesh . ( beat ) I be not go to let the pound have he . doyle 's the ugliest fuck dog in the five borough . who 's gonna adopt he ? and I be tell you now , I will not let a vet stick a needle in he and end he . I save he life , right ? I be responsible for he . I do not go through all that just so some vet can put he to sleep . if it come to that , I will do it myself . I will put a bullet in he ear tonight . so I be ask you , Jake - for I , as a favor for I , and it 's a big favor but I be ask you — will you take he ? will you take he home with you ? jakob be quiet , rub he palm over the red velvet sofa cushion . jakob you know what ? it would be a honor . monty I be hope you would say that . I really be . . jakob after that speech , Jesus Christ , how could I refuse ? | slattery return with a glass of whiskey . he sit next to he friend and sigh . slattery there 's some talent here tonight . ' monty rap slattery 's knee . : monty what do you think , Jake 's girl 's look pretty good , huh ? slattery who , the little one ? who be she ? jakob she 's my student . my student . ( continued ) crouching in front of the sofa , he .40 caliber automatic in he hand . kostya stand just inside the doorway of the room , hand on the light switch . kostya the party begin without I ? monty I should have shot you , you fat Russian fuck . kostya amble over to the sofa , wag he finger . kostya ukrainian . fat ukrainian fuck . he bear hug monty and kiss both he cheek . kostya ( cont 'd ) Montgomery , my friend ! you have be here os long ? and you open champagne without I ? —} veel Frank , hello Frank ! of slattery hey , konstantine . how be you ? kostya kostya , please , kostya . I be good , yes . I will be better when we friend come back to we . - ( to jakob ) __ -_ — - so hello ! it be Jason , yes ? soe * jakob '' * * : we jakob . kostya ( to monty ) the champagne be good ? ( elbow slattery and winking ) I have nice girl for you , monty . very nice . 75 - continued ' : ( 6 ) a ~ : the light go off . the room : be completely dark . 3 when the light come on again , a few second later , monty be | monty I be really not in the mood for that . | i | ( continued ) ) ] eoee - | -' " . - * 6. continued : ( 7 ) kostya . ah , when you see she , you will be in mood . I pick she out special for you . monty the last girl you pick out special have three tooth . kostya ( laugh loudly ) funny you should say that . everyone wait for the rest . when it become obvious that kostya will not provide the rest — monty ' why be it funny I should say that ? kostya it be funny , what you say . monty look at slattery for a second . ; monty ce wait , when you say , " funny you should say that , " it 's like say , " that remind I of this other funny story . " kostya no , no , I be say what you say be funny . " funny you should say that . " you see ? it be funny , the thing you say . nobody speak for a moment . | oe '' kostya ( cont 'd ) come , you want , to meet . she ? monty - I do not think so . naturelle 's dance downstairs . : kostya so we go quick , we go right now . you must see this girl . monty you have someone nice for my friend ? slattery not forme . thanks . ( continued ) continued : ( 8 ) ce um jakob yeah , I be - monty put he hand on slattery 's arm . monty come down there with I . I need to talk to you . slattery that 's not my style , monty . ' I really — _ monty / no , that 's cool . I just want to ask you something . jakob do you want I to stay here ? monty you have get to stay here . who 's gonna look after Mary d'agostino when she get back ? akob should I tell nat you be downstairs '' 4s have sex with a prostitute ? kostya horrify ) no , do not tell she that va . monty grin and punch jakob 's arm , monty tell she whatever you want . but do not oe ~___ + - take off . we will go - back to my place '' after= Te the party and get doyle . monty , slattery and kostya leave the | room . jakob ' sit alone , rub he arm . the three man stand on_a glass - enclose catwalk overlook the dance floor . the place be so crowded and dark that the dancer look like one strange beast , thrashing and sway to the beat . dj dusk , the teen prodigy from queen , man he turntable from a riser above the dance floor . he stand in the eye of a int . catwalk — moment later } '' spotlight , deftly flipping needle onto spin record . ( continued ) 77 ; ole ee soe eo I br et mn TB continued : the music be loud , even behind the glass , but not loud enough to overwhelm conversation . monty ( to kostya ) where we go , the White room ? __kostya yes , White room . monty I will meet you down there . I need to talk with Frank about something . kostya . lean closer to monty and speak quietly . kostya after the girl , uncle Blue want word with you . okay ? monty nod . kostya grin and slap monty 's shoulder . . kostya ( cont 'd ) she be wait ! kostya walk down the staircase that lead from the catwalk to the dance floor and disappear into the crowd . for a while neither monty nor slattery speak . ° then slattery look at monty and notice he eye be close . _ slattery you all right ? monty open 's he '' eye " " ~~ mu -o .—. monty | they knockout you tooth the . first night . you know why ? so you can give they head all night long and they do not have to worry about bite . slattery , come on . none of that 's gonna happen . monty how the fuck do you know it 's not gonna happen ? two broad -shoulder hoodlums in expensive suit saunter down the catwalk . they stop to embrace monty . * ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) _ , hoodlum 1 '' 4 my ace deuce . a . monty hey , fella . hoodlum 2 bid 's tomorrow , huh ? monty yeah . hoodlum 2 nothing but a catnap . be good , brother the hood nod at slattery and walk away . monty press he forehead against the window . : monty . believe I , Frank , I have study this . I have look at the option . Seven year , man . Seven year . slattery thirty - four be still young . you and I , we will start something up . a bar , maybe . /- ™x two irish kid from Brooklyn , how could far ] we not have a bar ? Green beer for St. paddy 's Day , free hot dog for Monday night football . think about it . Old fashioned jukebox sit in the corner — monty I hate green beer on St. paddy 's Day . slattery ' . fe sn t_t , - oo ~ yeah : well ; tre too . '' - . monty lolo . but it 's a nice think , man . I do not ' see it happen , but it 's a nice think . slattery have I ever break a promise to you ? have I ever : once in my life break a promise to you ? have I ever say I would be somewhere and not show up ? monty no . ( continued ) -- the.men speak loudly , e -.a do _. _. &- ee _ continued : ( 3 ) slattery when you get out , I will be there . you hear I ? I will be there . monty finally turn and look at slattery . monty but you will not be there tomorrow . ( beat ) cute little white boy like I , how long be I gonna last ? ( beat ) I need a favor from you . slattery anything . monty not here . stick around , okay ? we will go uptown in a couple hour . monty point to the dancer below . we can see Mary dance wildly on a platform . monty ( cont 'd ) we friend Jake have pick himself a winner . int . velvet VIP room — later the room be beginning to crowd with monty 's friend and acquaintance . jakob sit alone on the sofa , sip champagne . he clearly recognize no one . hold they - champagne flute in '' 6 ringed fist . lean woman stand in cluster , head bow together . we hear snippet of banter in four different language . ° . ote . 7 ° : jakob dip he head against the sofa 's velvet armrest . he 's clearly exhaust . he begin slip into sleep . Mary walk into the room . the man stand nearby turn to look at she , then whisper to each other and laugh . Mary see jakob curl up on the sofa and dance over to he . she pull off he yankee cap and put it on she own head , where it sit , crookedly . she climb on top of he , she knee straddle he chest , and bend close to whisper in he ear . mary jakey ... jakey ... ( continued ) 1 be G 81 . continued , : o she_run she fingernail down he side . jakob , half - sleep , smile and caress she hand . then he eye pop open . he jerk upright and Mary slide off he . jakob whoa , what be you do ? what be you do ? . _ Mary , now stand and slightly sway , laugh . mary do not panic . nobody here give a shit . jakob I give a shit . do you know what happen if somebody see I — we — like that ? Mary sit on the far side of the sofa , knee primly clasped together , exaggerate the role of good girl . mary beg you pardon , Mr. elinsky . jakob be you drunk ? mary ° uh huh . and I have some E before . jakob jesus. vuz .! he try to rub the sleep out of he eye . __ jakob ( cont 'd ) we call it X in this country .. . mary : naturelle 's cool as shit . she know everyone who work here . I love that name , right ? naturelle ? one hundred percent naturelle ! all naturelle flavor ! jakob can not help steal a peek at Mary 's chest . tweety Bird stare back , alarmed . mary ( cont 'd so what 's up with she boyfriend ? monty ? it 's like he own this place . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) @ jakob listen , Mary , do you think it would be possible to avoid talk about this at school ? this whole night ? mary . you think it would be possible to give I a a for the term ? jakob 's mouth fall open . jakob tell I you be joke . mary I be joke . that 's what I love about you , elinsky . jakob say nothing for a moment , but he can not resist . jakob what ? €- '' huh ? Mary be watch three woman dance in the middle of the room , they purse flung down on the floor between they . mary jakob what 's what you love about I ? Mary turn to look at he again , but it 's clear she 's not really follow the conversation . — — — - + eee ee jakob ( cont 'd ) never mind . . mary hello ? elinsky ? do you think I be weird ? . jakob no . I do not think you be weird . mary you be come to see hamlet next week , right ? jakob of course . you be ophelia ? mary . fuck ophelia . laert . ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 3 ) jakob . laert ? mary you want to see my death scene ? she spring up from the sofa and take three step back , then begin staggering toward jakob , hand fold over she gut , cover she invisible sword wound . mary ( cont 'd ) Exchange forgiveness with I , noble hamlet : mine and my father 's death come not upon thee , nor thine on I ! she collapse onto the red sofa and lie there , quivering for a moment before go still . : a group of man smoking cigar in the corner clap loudly . jakob stare down at the prone Mary . he can not help notice . the stretch of pale skin between the dark denim of she waistband and the white cotton of she tank top . Mary sit up and brushes some stray hair under the yankee cap . ' mary ( cont 'd ) it 's bettex with the fake blood . jakob no , it be very good . mary Ms. Taylor say I be the best dier she 's ever haol 's . did. you see Romeo and juliet last year ? I be mercutio . that be the great death of all time . . jakob I be there . mary you know what I really want to be ? a stuntwoman . except I be afraid of height . you think they would hire a stuntwoman who be afraid of height ? jakob be you allow to stay out this late ? on a school night ? ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) mary you think my mother give a shit ? anyway / do you see all the snow outside ? it 's a snow day for sure . jakob I need to go to sleep . Mary lie back on the sofa and kick she foot in the air . she begin a bicycling motion , she hand behind she head . mary can not sleep yet . he 's turn it on . jakob look at she slender pale ankle . he cover he eye . Mary roll off the sofa . mary ( cont 'd ) be there a bathroom in here ? jakob point . jakob over there , I think . Mary wink at he and make she way across the room . en route she grab a champagne flute off daphne 's platter and chug it . she replace the glass and slip into the bathroom . jakob watch she go . he watch the bathroom door close behind she . he stand , a bit unsteadily . he 's be drink all night . he weave he way to the bathroom door . he wait . eventually Mary open the door . she look up at jakob , she " eye as wide as tweety Bird 's . / mary you need : to pee ? jakob no . he press forward , back she up , and close the door behind he . int . VIP bathroom — continuous the bathroom be blue-walled and light by a single blue bulb . mary ; hi? ( continued ) 85 . continued : her tooth glow in the blue light . jakob grab she by the shoulder and kiss she hard on the mouth . his hand begin to move down from she shoulder — - — and then , abruptly , jakob pull back . he stare at Mary , who stare at the floor . she look stunne , the yankee cap sit crookedly on she head . jakob stumble backward . he try to say something but can not get the word out . he turn arid ram through the bathroom door . int . velvet VIP room — continuous , he shove past cigar smoker and dance woman . he run from the VIP room . the partier watch he go and then turn to look at the bathroom , a drop of blue in the overwhelming redness of the VIP room . Mary stand in the blue light , still look at the floor . int . white room — later the White room get its name for obvious reason . everything be white : the shag carpet , the wall , the overstuff furniture . . monty sit on a large white bean bag in a corner of the room . he hold a champagne bottle in one hand , and take occasional sip . marguerite , a beautiful prostitute in she early twenty , kneel . in front of . monfcy,._he_r ... band , .on...his jfchigh .......7 _ monty . pass she the bottle and she take a long draught , never take she eye off he . she hand back the bottle and unzip he fly , take she time with everything . monty lean back and close he eye . we watch he like this for a few second , and then we CUT to : ext . carl schurz park playground — afternoon springtime . monty sit on a park bench . this be several year ago , and he look young , less exhaust . ( continued ) 86 , . continued : he be watch two high school girl on the swing . one blonde — lindsay jamison -— and one brunette — a young naturelle . both girl wear the uniform of they private school : white blouse embroider with the school 's initial and green plaid skirt over black tight . both girl be smoking . but while Lindsay keep the cigarette clench in - one hand as she swing higher , naturelle continue take reckless drag . , the crook of she elbow hold the chain lightly as she soar skyward . monty stand and approach the swing . the girl pretend not to notice he . monty hey ! the girl keep swinging . monty ( cont 'd ) could I bum a smoke ? & : naturelle what ? monty a smoke . a naturelle this be my last one . Lindsay brake with she foot and stare at monty . | lindsay I have meet you before , have not I ? monty nod slowly . it 's obvious he do not recognize she , but he do not want to be rude . monty ' - yeah , you look familiar . naturelle have stop swinging now . Lindsay jump off she swing . lindsay I know who you be . come on , nat , we have get practice . monty you know who I be ? who be I ? ( continued ) '' she start ' swin continued : ( 2 ) Lindsay pick up she bookbag and stride quickly away look back once or twice to see if naturelle be of owe . naturelle be not follow . monty ( cont 'd ) so you be Natalie ? naturelle naturelle . : monty really ? naturelle . I like that . naturelle . so what 's you friend 's problem ? naturelle you be the one that get throw out of Campbell - sawyer , right ? monty yeah , well , lot of people get throw out of Campbell - sawyer . how come you do not follow blondie to practice ? naturelle | I want to finish my cigarette . he smile and sit on the swing next to she . he try swinging a little . monty I never really get the hang of this ' thing . -e2 " naturelle soe _ it 's all in the leg . .. hair fall beneath she , she leg straight and then bent , straight and then bent . CUT to : int . white room monty 's eye be still close . now he open they . his hand be in marguerite 's hair , but now they drop by he side . finally he tap marguerite on the shoulder . she back away from he , look up at he face for a moment before blink and lick she lip . ( continued ) 87 . g-again and '' he watch ‘her : she - long black ' 88 . continued : monty it 's my fault . you be very beautiful . he hand she the bottle again and she take a long sip . marguerite ( colombian accent ) you be very handsome . be you a actor ? monty zip he fly . monty yeah . I 'ma star . int . club room — later the club room be decorate to look like the library of a English country manor : dark wood panele , bookshelve stack with leather - bound book , flicker sconce light . slattery sit on a stool at the bar , roll a glass of whiskey between he palm . his eye be red , from cry or | exhaustion or both . naturelle walk into the room and spot slattery . she go over to he and squeeze the back of he neck before sit on the neighbor stool . he sit up straight and smile . naturelle why be you all alone ? slattery I could not sit in that goddamn red room anymore . I do not know anyone in there . wee . this be monty 's friend ? — - - sen - ease sesmee see naturelle I guess so . they be around a lot , anywayv " slattery drain he whiskey . he signal for another and the bartender pour it . he 's clearly get drunk , though slattery be a man who can handle he liquor . he check he watch . | slattery | I be suppose to be at work in a couple hour . Christ , I can not even imagine work today . , you. just give me_the flu , okay ? I be call in sick naturelle I wish monty could call in sick . have you see he around ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : - oe @® slattery '' he 's probably say goodbye to everyone . naturelle can you do I a favor ? slattery what 's that ? slattery catch himself look at naturelle 's cleavage and look away . . naturelle keep a eye on monty tonight , would you ? try to stick with he . slattery what 's wrong ? ; naturelle he 's just act really strange . you do not think he 's act strange ? slattery he 's go to prison in a few hour , nat . how ' do you want he to act ? : _ naturelle . I want he to act like he 's scared . . slattery he be scared . naturelle ; ; I do not want he to hurt himself . will . you watch he for. I ? wey pq ) . slattery nod . for a while they be quiet . " naturelle ( cont 'd ) I do not think he want I here . slattery that 's not true . he 's just — naturelle you see the way he look at I this day . it 's like he do not trust I . slattery why would not he trust you ? \_ / naturelle be quiet for a moment . , ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) naturelle I be go uptown . when you see he , tell he I be wait for he back home , okay ? she stand and smooth out the wrinkle in she silver dress . again , slattery have to turn away from the sight of she . slattery this be all so stupid . it 's so stupid . he 's get so much go on , he 's so smart , and what do he do ? he throw it all away . and here I be , he friend — I mean , right ? I be he oldest friend ? naturelle he love you , Frank . you know that . slattery his oldest friend , and what do I do to stop it ? nothing , never a word . when he start sell pot to kid in Campbell - sawyer , do I say anything ? when everyone 's talk about buy from monty , the whole school , and I know they be go to nail he , know it , do I @& say a word ? the last ten year I watch he get deeper and deeper , and this friend of he , this fuck you would not want petting you dog , do I say , " careful now , monty , better get out of this . " no. nothing , not a word . his best friend . goddamn , naturelle , I be he best friend and I just sit there and watch he ruin he life . and you do , too . both of - us. , . , all - of we ;- we just sit ' there and let he . naturelle - run a-fingernail down . she forearm and inspect the faint white trail . naturelle keep a eye on he , okay ? slattery watch she walk away . a moment later jakob hurry in , sweat and frantic . jakob I have be look all over for you . can we get out of here ? slattery we have get to wait for monty . what 's the matter ? ( continued ) . 91 . continued : ( 3 ) oo jakob I kiss she . slattery who ? jakob Mary d'annunzio . I kiss she . slattery grin . slattery yeah ? jakob I kiss my student . my seventeen year old high school student . ( beat ) they will fire I . slattery Jake . jakob yeah ? cj slattery hand he the glass of whiskey . slattery have a drink . vo . int . basement hallway — later *- monty and kostya walk slowly down the corridor that lead to the manager 's office . : - - «© + kostya so ? you like she ? / monty she 's very nice . kostya do she have - three tooth ? eh ? no , I think she have many tooth . I think you like she . monty I say so , do not I ? kostya very nice . ( continued ) 4 with oo continued : they stop outside the office and knock on the stel - plate tafayev , a bald man smoking a cigarette , ' open fhe door and close it behind he . he nod . monty and kostya pull out they gun and hand they to he . check the safeties , he shove the gun under he belt and , gigarette clench between he tooth , carefully pat both man jown when mustafayev finish search they he rap on the door and it open again . he gesture , and monty and kostya enter . int . velvet manager' office -— continuous mustafayev follow they inside , hand they gun to one of the zakharov twin , and go back outside , close the door . the twin be Russian redhead who speak very little English . they face be blunt and pitiless . . uncle Blue sit behind volande ' desk , read the paper . valghobek sit on a corner of the d desk . the twin with the gun place they carefully in front of uncle Blue , then return to stand by he brother , both of they stand behind monty and kostya . dj dusk 's music can barely be hear down here , the thump of bass and drum sounding like distant bombshell . uncle Blue fold he paper neatly and set it aside . uncle blue Montgomery . how be the party ? monty ; it 's all right . thanks for set it up . uncle blue the first time I go to prison I be fourteen year old , a skinny little boy . I afraid . by the time I come out I have eard . I be a rown man . I go back to my hometown , ound my mother , I kiss she . and she scream . ( smile ) she do not recognize I . I have be in three different prison , Montgomery , in three different country . you know what I learn ? monty shake he head and wait . ( continued ) continued : 0 uncle blue ( com " D ) I learn that prison be not a good place to be . kostya ( laugh ) I know that before I go . valghobek nobody 's talk to you . keep you mouth shut , uncle blue __ Seven year be a long time . some man ; would do anything to avoid seven year in - prison . monty wait . valghobek you father 's a hardwork man . where 's he bar ? in Bay Ridge ? 86th Street and 6th Avenue , be I right ? monty yes . valghobek at least he have a short commute . he can practically walk to work . where do he ive , 17th Avenue ? and what be the cross -- street ? 81st ? 8002_17th Avenue . be that right ? the first floor . that_must be noisy , live on the first floor . but he do not walk to work , do he ? he drive . ~-a 1987 Honda . should - I tell you how many mile he have on the car ? . monty stare at the floor . uncle blue . you father , I like you father . a hard -- work man . he have have bad luck , some very bad luck . everyone in the neighborhood love you mother . you remember she , senka ? valghobek sure . she be a beautiful woman . a real sweetheart . . 93. ( continued ) @ & < L ) continued : ( 2 ) uncle blue I want to help you father . I could use a man like that , a hard - work man , a man I could trust . I could take care of you father . do you understand what I mean , Montgomery ? monty you do not need to do this . I never say a word to anyone . you do not need to bring he into it . : uncle blue I ask you a question , Montgomery . monty I understand exactly what you mean . uncle blue I have a good job for you father . we will help he with the money he owe . uncle Blue turn monty 's gun in he hand . he check the slide 's action . he eject the magazine , peer , at the eop cartridge , slap the magazine back into the pistol 's butt , uncle blue ( cont 'd ) good weapon . accurate ? monty nod . uncle blue ( cont 'd ) polymer frame , very good , easy to clean . and reliable ? no jam ? monty shake he head . he turn . around for a moment . the Zakharov twin be stare at he . monty turn back . uncle Blue 's smile . . oo : . ° uncle blue ( cont 'd ) have you ever fire it ? at someone , I mean . monty no. . uncle blue no. good . it be a toy for you . not toy , prop . a prop for you . like a actor . be I wrong ? with the gun you feel more ... dangerous ? ( continued ) settee cone - + eee continued : ( 3 ) noe wy monty turn again . the Zakharov twin have they automatics out . monty , get desperate , turn back to uncle Blue . monty I never say a word to anyone . they come after I to get to you . I know it , you know it . they do not care about I . but I never say a word . | uncle Blue make a gesture and the Zakharov , frighteningly fast , spring forward , slamm kostya to the floor and hold - they pistol to he skull . uncle blue I believe you , Montgomery . when you get there , figure out who be who . find a man nobody be protect , a man . without peopte . and beat he until he eye leed . ! i monty stare at kostya , who whimper on the ground , blood drip from he nose . uncle blue ( cont 'd ) let they think you be a little bit ~ crazy , but respectful , too , respectful of a the right man . kostya monty — ~ . one of the Zakharov kick kostya in the rib . . uncle blue you be a good- look boy , it will not be see ess = easy - for — you - - but remember , -- I was= - eee . fourteen when I first go . and I survive . my ( beat ) . we do what we have to do to survive . kostya monty ... please , monty ... | uncle blue I so now we have this other problem . . valghobek how many people know you keep the stuff inside you sofa cushion ? eh ? you girlfriend , kostya , who else ? ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) monty I - uncle blue kostya dime you out , little brother . he make a call and steal seven year from you life . valghobek they put the clamp on he , and instead eing aman about it , take the time ' himself , he sell you out . uncle Blue hand valghobek monty s| 's pistol . valghobek walk over to monty and offer it to he monty I do not want it . uncle blue | it 's yours . you know how to use it ? valghobek hold the pistol by the barrel , a small smile on he face , until monty grab it from he . €& monty I know how to use it . uncle blue good . this man do not deserve to live . he betrayed you , he betrayed I . he steal from you . he steal seven year from you . en im '' " one of the zaktiatom ' bwin " '' " pin at monty and ' tap " " théback of — kostya 's skull with he pistol 's muzzle . zakharov right here . boom ! the Zakharov back away and monty crouch down beside he former friend : kostya struggle to turn he head , to make eye contact with monty . | : monty — kostya monty do not talk . c. 2 kostya ; ; - no , no , wait , monty , wait , please listen . I have no choice . I - ( continued ) 96 . ewe ee ee de } | | 97 . continued : ( 5 ) monty flick off the safety and press the muzzle against kostya 's skull . everyone in the room be quiet , watch . the only sound be dj dusk 's mix , a accelerate industrial heartbeat . . valghobek do it . . kostya weep , softly , he big body shudder . uncle Blue , face impassive behind he heavy beard , watch carefully . zakharov he be cockroach . kill he . monty 's face be very close to kostya 's . monty ( quietly you be my friend . kostya monty — monty close he eye . when he open he eye , he flick the safety : back on . he stand . he toss the gun to uncle Blue , who catch it and frown . . _ '' monty , , - it do not matter to I . not a goddamn thing ' matter to -me , except this : if you hurt my father , I will kill you both . the Zakharov twin grab monty and hold he . monty do not struggle ; he and uncle Blue stare at each other . uncle Blue drum the desktop with he finger . everyone wait . a glass of water on the table tremble from the distant bass . finally uncle Blue nod at valghobek , who open the office door . the twin release monty . everyone ( except for kostya , who be face down on the floor ) watch he . monty walk out of the room , never look back . 98. ext . 14 th STREET — later monty trudge down the sidewalk , follow by slattery and jakob . the snow continue to fall , and lie thickly drift on the crookedly - park car , on the parking meter , on the spear of the church gate they pass . they reach the Union Square subway station and walk down the stair , disappear from we view . * close on footprint in the snow we slowly follow they path backward . in the yellow shine of the streetlight the footprint fill with snow , until finally ( the camera still move backward ) they disappear . int . union square subway station monty , Frank , and jakob sit with they back against the '' ''' corrugate shutter of a close newspaper stand . a old man , wear a garbage bag with a hole cut out for he head , lean against a blue I - beam that help support the ceiling . he hold a small radio to he ear ; we can hear e fragment of Puerto rican jibaro music . jakob chew on he fingernails . he crane he neck to look down the subway tunnel — still no train in sight . he look at monty . ; _ jakob what time be it ? . but monty be jnot present , he be elsewhere , lose in whatever '' > == feverié occuples " uhis mind . slattery 's -eye : be 's ' clonse ; - he-___ - seem to be sleep . jakob { cont 'd ) monty ? monty look up , daze . i monty ; what ? jakob do you know what time it be ? another long pause . _ monty it 's get late . ( continued ) - continued : lo a the light of the train come around the bend in the tunnel . int . 4 train — later the three man sit side by side as the train shudder through the darkness . slattery seem to be sleep again . jakob stare at he reflect face in the far window . monty pull out he wallet and find the photograph that he father give he earlier in the night . insert photo monty in he fireman 's helmet , stand before he - parent . ext . monty' build — night monty , slattery and jakob wade through the snow to the stoop step . int . monty' build they climb the narrow staircase , they footfalls echoing off the tile wall . int . monty' apartment . they enter the apartment . doyle be excited to see they ; he pants and spin in little circle , sniff at they boot . jakob and slattery fall onto the sofa and lie there like corpse . monty open the bedroom door , step inside , and close it behind he . int : monty' bedroom naturelle ' sleep on she side , . face the window . ' monty kneel beside she and take she hand . her eye open . she smile for a second and then quickly sit up . naturelle what time be it ? both of they turn to look at the digital clock on the nightstand . monty I have get a hour leave . listen — naturelle wait as monty stare down at the bed . ' ( continued ) & naturelle hey . do not go anywhere . stay here with I . — __ , ~ seseeee . - --monty -. oe ' ~ -' ee 100 , continued : ~ , monty ( cont 'd ) I be wrong . about you , about — she run she hand through he hair . naturelle it do not matter right now . monty it matter to I . ( beat ) I do not want you to hate I . naturelle how could I ever hate you ? monty ; Jesus , nat , I blow it . I really blow it . he stand . , . naturelle stay with I , baby . we have another hour . monty there 's one last thing I gotta do . naturelle do not like the sound of this remark . she lean forward and take he wrist . just one last thing . he kiss she again , a last fierce kiss , + and head for the '. | door. int . monty' live room monty grab the leash off the back of the apartment door and clip it to doyle 's collar . monty : . let I take one more walk with doyle . slattery and jakob nod . both be exhaust . ext . east end avenue ~ later ! the snow have finally stop fall . : . ( continued ) . snow li 101 . continued : the park car lining the avenue look like scoops of vanilla ice cream , glisten below the streetlight . the awning of the building , fringe with icicle , creak beneath the weight of the snow . doyle , off he leash , charge down the middle of the avenue , carve a trail through the foot - deep powder , a drop of ink roll down a blank page . monty follow behind , twirling circle with the leash . slattery and jakob bring up the rear , slogging through the e weary soldier . the only vehicle on the road be a snow plow half a mile south , its yellow light flash . ext . carl schurz park they cross into the park , past the fence - in gingko tree , climb the stair that lead to the esplanade . doyle spy a squirrel and chase after it , but the squirrel be quick , make it to a red maple and scramble up the ' trunk to safety . doyle squat at the foot of the tree , stare sadly up through the branch . . ext . east river esplanade across the river be queen , and queen before sunrise be beautiful : red antennae light winking to warn pilot ; the pepsi sign glow in neon script over the bottle plant ; white cloud rise from the smokestack like geny . behind queen the-sky be beginning to brighten . soo jakob brushes snow off the iron balustrade , lean against it and ' stare into the river . 's a string of yellow - light quiver beneath the water , reflection from the queensboro Bridge . a red tugboat chug south . monty it would be good to work a tugboat . be out on the river all day . he turn to face jakob . monty ( cont 'd ) so what do you think ? you ready for Mr. doyle ? ( continued ) ay . fee one oe 102 , continued : jakob look at doyle , who be roll on he back in the snow , kick he foot in the air like a puppy . jakob he like the snow . monty whistle for doyle and the dog jump to he foot and | run over , wag the stump of he tail , he muzzle dust with snow . monty I need a favor , Frank . ; slattery - anything . monty refasten the leash onto the dog 's collar and tie the cord around a baluster , knotting it twice , check to make sure it 's secure . monty i I be not go in there like this . the minute they get a look at I , I be go . € monty straighten up and look directly into slattery 's eye . monty ( cont 'd ) make I ugly . slattery look dumbfounded . he turn to glance at jakob , who be equally confuse . . monty clear the snow off the nearest bench , unbutton he camel 's hair coat , and lay it down . : '' monty ( cont 'd ) you just say you would do anything . so this be what I need ... slattery I can not do that . what be you think , I give you a black eye and people will not uck with you ? it will not change anything . monty step closer . _ monty ; you think I deserve it , do not you ? | : slattery hold he hand up and back away . _ slattery . I can not hit you . ( continued ) 103 , continued : ( 2 ) & monty I think you can . I think you want to , a little bit . I think you have want to for year . slattery I be not do it . monty step closer again . monty you want to . come on , Frank , you be i afraid ? | slattery listen — monty _ what be you afraid of , Frank ? that I will hit back ? you be afraid I will hit back ? that would be embarrassing , huh , big tough guy like you get he ass kick ? jakob rjsh cemee di} , this be crazy . monty point at jakob . monty ; who the fuck be talk to you ? __ slattery ; forget it . come on , forget all this . let "s get some breakfast . . - a not annem 7 ce ee eee : . this work .out pretty - well for you , : do not it ? you be gonna take good care of naturelle while I be go ? slattery | what ? monty you think I do not see you stare at she all the time ? you have want to fuck she for year . he shove slattery hard . slattery 's eye narrow for a moment , but he shake he head . ) ( continued ) . - ee 104 . continued : ( 3 ) slattery all right . all right . he turn stiffly and walk away . ' jakob come on . come on , monty , what be you do ? tell he you be kid . monty pivot and punch jakob hard on the cheek , the crack of glove knuckle on bone echoing on the empty esplanade . jakob fall back against the balustrade , clutching he face . jakob ( cont 'd ) monty I monty step closer and punch jakob again , this time in the gut , and jakob sink to he knee , gasp . he cover he face with he hand , to protect himself . slattery tackle monty , pin he to the ground . for a moment everything be still . doyle , leash to the baluster , whine , unsure if he master be play or fight . jakob , stunne by the violence , - watch . slattery stare at monty and monty stare back . all :of they in the snow , they breath coiling and rise into the sky . finally slattery look away , look past the East River , past queen . he clenches he eye shut . when.he open they , we see the first tear form . slattery grab monty 's throat with he leave hand and punch he in the face with he right , again and again and again . doyle howl . he try to jump on slattery but the leash keep yanking he back . he strain forward , fang bare , but he master be three foot too far . jakob touch he cheek and examine he finger : no blood . doyle , bark madly , keep jump for slattery , keep be yank back by the leash . jakob grab hold of the balustrade and pull himself to he foot . jakob ( cont 'd ) Frank ... Frank ! ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) . - cee ape the blood puddle by monty 's head , melting through the snow and steaming in the air . slattery , lose in he anger , he frustration , continue swinging . jakob stumble over to slattery and push he . jakob ( cont 'd ) stop ! slattery look up , he face wet with tear , a webbing of saliva between he lip . jakob ( cont 'd ) okay . enough . jakob grab the big man under the armpit and help he rise . slattery look down at monty , who be not move . slattery oh Jesus . jakob crouch and turn monty onto he stomach . monty cough , a thick ribbon of blood fall from he mouth . jakob scoops up a handful of snow and begin gently press it to monty 's brutalize face . doyle continue to bark , the collar digging into he throat as he struggle to reach he master . slattery watch , speechless , he bloody hand by he side . finally monty shake he head clear of the snow and begin crawl forward . tl for a minute . - hold still . ~~ ii when monty try to stand he leg collapse beneath he . jakob wrap he arm around he before he fall and lower he to the snow . jakob ( cont 'd ) do not try to move yet . monty push himself off the ground again and this time manage to keep he balance , though he sway like a drunk . monty ( slurring ) it 's okay . < continued ) 106 , continued : < 5 ) blood leak from he nose , from he mouth , from a deep gash bisect one eyebrow . the entire leave side of he face be bright red , already swell . slattery look at he and moan , sit down heavily in the snow , he chin tuck against he chest , he right hand , slick with blood , cover he face . slattery oh Jesus . jakob Hospital .. we need to take you to the hospital . monty no . he stagger toward they . doyle be mewl now , stomping he paw , confuse . monty bend down unsteadily and scratch behind the dog 's ear . monty ( cont 'd ) ( to doyle ) be a good boy . he walk over to slattery , who sit in the snow , sobbing . monty lean over and kiss he forehead . monty ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . slattery rock back and forth , hand over he face , he forehead mark with blood . monty turn to jakob and touch he shoulder . monty ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Jake . jakob be stunne by what 's happen in the last few minute . he have no idea what to say . jakob okay . monty take care of my dog . he grab he coat from the park bench and walk away from they . have ext . monty' build — dawn naturelle , in she down parka , sit on the stoop step . she see he when he 's a block away , and we see he from that distance , limping through the snow . naturelle stand and breathes in deeply . she start walk toward he but stop after a few step . she can see he face now . his eye be so badly swollen that he do not notice she until he 's almost upon she . when he do see she he smile , and naturelle have to look away for a moment . he try to say something but choke , lean over , hand on he knee , and spit up blood . naturelle take he by the hand and lead he up the step . int . monty' live room he sit on the sofa while naturelle dab at he face with a wet washcloth . a bowl of soapy water sit beside she on the coffee table . when she wring the washcloth above the bowl , drop of blood fall into the water and bloom . monty I do not want you to visit . - his voice be rough and slur , he split lip impede he . diction . she open a bottle of rub alcohol , wet a cotton ball , press . the cottpn lightly against the gash in he forehead . he shudder , he finger grip the edge of the sofa ~ cushion . monty ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to see I up there . naturelle struggle mightily to keep herself together . she continue clean he wound . monty ( cont 'd ) why would you stay with I ? ( beat ) . . you should have leave a long time ago . ( continued ) oo 108 . continued : naturelle ( shaking she head ) you idiot . a knock on the door . naturelle go to answer it . we hear voice that_sound very distant . monty peer through he swollen eyelid at the man walk toward he . CUT to : - monty' Pov the blurred figure of a_man stand before he . the room be sunlight and shadow , all edge wash away ; the man 's face be a pale oval that bend and split when he speak . mr . brogan who do this to you ? CUT to : monty sit on the sofa , stare up at he father . mr . brogan ( cont 'd ) who do this to you , monty ? monty what time ' be it ? mr . brogan I be bring you to the hospital . we can tell -- monty no . I need to go . he push ' himself upright . naturelle come in from the kaitchen and hand he a glass of water . he take it and rink naturelle you have to go to the hospital , baby . monty no. monty go to he bedroom . int . monty' bedroom — continuous he pull a already pack suitcase from beneath the bed . he gr abs the string of silver rosary bead from the bedside table . he stare at the unmade bed for a few second before leave . int . monty' live room — continuous he set he suitcase by the front door . monty I will say goodbye here . mr . brogan how you plan on get to the Port Authority ? monty i ) he approach he father but Mr. brogan shake he head . Subway . | mr . brogan . you will not make it . train be barely run right now . I will drive you to o° otisville . ( beat ) Jesus , look what they do to you . monty I will take a taxi . naturelle you will not be able to get one . let he take you to the hospital . \» mr . brogan _ ; you do not trust my drive ? I get chain on the tire and everything . monty I do not want it like this . let I walk away , dad . it 's easier that way . | mr. brogan what 's easy about it ? easier ? my God , you do not understand , do you ? you do not have any idea . he touch monty 's shoulder . a ( continued ) | mlnihtel '' - owe 110 , continued : mr . brogan ( cont 'd ) let I drive you there . I need to see where it be anyway , for visit . okay , buddy ? help I out . . monty blink and then nod . monty no hospital . Mr. brogan kiss naturelle on the cheek and she embrace the older man . when she let go he walk to the front door , pick up the suitcase , and leave the apartment . monty stand still , look at naturelle . naturelle wait a second . she go to the kitchen and monty rock back and forth on he bootheel . when she return she hold a plastic bag fill with ice cube . she make he hold the bag against the side of he face . they do not move for a moment , she hand on top of he hand , the bag of ice press to he jaw . monty I want you to be happy . she nod but say nothing , bite she lip , tear beginning to roll down she face . : monty ( cont 'd ) will - you . d© that for I ? ooo no she nod again . monty ( cont 'd ) okay ? she grab he and hold he very hard , clutching he , sobbing into he neck . monty ( cont 'd ) I be sorry for everything . naturelle no ... monty for everything . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) he kiss she again and release she , walk out . the apartment . , door and close it behind he . int . hallway monty unknot the plastic bag and dump the ice down the stairwell . the cube glitter and disappear before clatter on the linoleum three floor below . ext . monty' build Mr. brogan 's car be double - park . the roof of the old Honda be crown with snow 's but the windshield and rear window have be sweep clean . int . mr. brogan' honda Mr. brogan open the passenger door and monty ease carefully into the seat , then lean over to unlock the driver 's door . after Mr. brogan start the engine , they wait for a moment for the window to defrost . mr . brogan FDR be close . I figure we would go up first , take the tr borough , catch 87 up a to Route 17 , and then 211 take we right } | | D into otisville . easy drive , except for the snow . monty say nothing , and Mr. brogan study he savage face . mr . brogan ( cont 'd ) ! Jesus , look what they do to you . I will tell you what , monty , you be gonna be okay . it look bad now , I know it , but when all the swell go down it 's eo-ee - comma * - gonna be okayr ......0...7 ( beat ) they sure give 's you a lick , though . how many be there ? monty I do not know , dad . a bunch of they . po mr . brogan well , give it a month and you will be better look than ever . a fire truck roll slowly past , chain on its massive tire . monty and he father sit in silence , let the engine warm . ( continued ) ~ 112 . continued : monty you be right , dad . it be not naturelle . Mr. brogan shift into drive . mr . brogan of course it be not naturelle . ext . east river esplanade — dawn slattery sit ona park bench overlook the river . it 's the same bench monty sat_on the day before . slattery be alone on the snow - cover esplanade . his knuckle be cover with dry blood . his forehead be mark with blood . he watch the sun rise over queen . ext . east end avenue — dawn jakob and doyle walk south along the western edge of Carl schurz Park . a skier , a attractive young woman in she mid - twenty , schuss toward they .on cross -country skis . she smile at jakob as she pass . skier cool dog . jakob thanks . he turn and watch she glide down the hill toward 86th Street . he look down : ~at doyle . doyle look - iap - at ~hifff : '' - jakob ( cont 'd ) - cool-dog.. '' oo jakob shake he head and smile , and they continue walk south . . int . mr. brogan' honda — morning they drive up first Avenue . monty look out the window and watch the city roll by . it 's he last look for a long time , and he want to remember everything . a woman wear a man 's overcoat sprinkle salt in front of a shutter butcher shop . two young boy drag they sleds behind they , huffing and puffing with exaggerated fatigue . ( continued ) bee 113 . continued : a newspaper vendor sit on a blue milk crate , sip coffee froma paper cup , while he curly - haire son snap icicle from the kiosk 's eave . a police officer , hand on he hip , stare under the open hood of he cruiser , while he partner lean against the driver 's - side door and laugh into he walkie-talkie . at a red light , monty look up at the city bus idling noisily alongside they . a little boy in the backseat wave . monty wave back . '' the boy point at he window : letter have be finger - draw on the frost glass . t-o-m. monty smile as well as he can and draw he own name on he own frost window : m-o- N - before he can cross the T the bus pull away . they drive north . monty I always think I would make you proud of I . : m , . brogan turn to look at monty and then turn back to the road . , . monty | ( cont 'd ) ; I picture it , you know ? I picture you sit at the bar with all you friend , poker night , and you would say , " do I tell you what my boy 's be up to ? " and you friend would be like , " goddamnit , Le brogan , , _all you ever talk , about - be you . a a boy . % mr brogan 's give I the word and I will take a leave turn . ~ monty Left turn to where ? mr . brogan . wherever you want . take the GW Bridge and go west . : monty stare at he father . 0 ( continued ) @ '' the car speed along a desert highway now , past the pitchfork ceeee cere gag , continued : ( 2 ) mr . brogan ( cont 'd ) get you stitched up somewhere and keep go . find a nice little town — monty dad . mr . brogan . . I be say if you want . if that 's what you want , I will do it . monty close he eye . we hear the tire chain rattling on the snow . we hear the old engine wheeze . close on monty 's ravage face , on he eyelid . Mr. brogan keep talk and New York City melt away . mr . brogan ( com " D ) we will drive and keep drive . CUT to : ext . interstate highway — day as Mr. brogan speak , we watch the car drive west . the voice - over track with the image on the screen . mr . brogan ( v.0 . ) head out to the middle of nowhere . CUT to : " ext . desert highway — day cacti and tower mesa . , CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET — day the car drive slowly down the main street - of a one stoplight town . mr . brogan ( v.o. ) find a nice little town . * CUT to : ( continued ) 115 . continued : Mr. brogan park in front of a small bar with a old - fashioned bar sign in front . Mr. brogan and monty ( he face unmarre ) step out of the car . CUT to : int . town bar -- day Mr. brogan and honty be sit at a corner table . Mr. brogan raise he glass of whiskey to monty and both man rink . mr . brogan ( v.o. ) : find a bar , and I will buy we drink . I have not have a drink in nineteen year , but I will have one . with you . and then I will eave . CUT to : monty stand at the window of the bar , watch Mr. brogan drive away . mr . brogan ( v.0 . ) ( cont'd I will tell you do not ever write I of not ever come visit . I will tell you I believe in God 's Kingdom and I believe I will be with you again , and you mother . but not in this lifetime . monty approach the bartender , a powerfully - build older man ( 60 ) . monty speak and the bartender listen carefully , but we do not hear the dialogue . mr . brogan ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you get a job somewhere , a 2 ° that pay cash , a boss who do not ask question , _and you make a new life , and you . never ' goine " back . wh bae Te CUT to : int . town bar — night monty work behind the bar on a crowded night . the bar patron , a blue-collar rural crowd , be rowdy drinker , but monty work efficiently , quickly fill they order . CUT to : dd 116 , int . head shop — night monty , in the backroom of .a seedy head shop , sit for a photograph in front of a black drop . mr . brogan ( v.o. ) you find the right people and you get yourself papers , a driver 's license . ext . town bar — day monty sit on the step in back of the bar , look out past the gravel lot toward the distant mountain . mr . brogan ( v.o. ) and then you wait . people get catch when they come home . but you be never come ome . ext . bus station — day monty , a few year older , wait as a Greyhound bus pull into the station . mr . brogan ( v.o. ) and maybe - — and this be dangerous — but maybe after a couple year you send word to naturelle . naturelle step off the Greyhound bus . she see monty . they stare at each other , twenty foot apart . finally he go to she , thread through the other -_ ; traveller , the other wait family . he take she in he arm . De soo int . apartment , — night oo . in the cramped apartment above the bar where monty work , monty and naturelle sit together , on a sofa , watch a small television . naturelle be pregnant . the ball be about to drop in Times Square . mr. brogan ( v.o. ) you forget about New York . you can not come back . you can not call , you can not write . int . SMALL house — night monty , much older now , stand in front of he family , he grow child and the little grandchildren . naturelle , equally age , sit with one of the little girl on she lap . ( continued ) 117 . continued : have mr . brogan ( v.o. ) and maybe one day , year from now , . long ~ after I be dead and go , you gather you whole family together and you tell they the truth . who you be and where you come rom . as monty speak he child exchange glance . they can not really believe what they be hearing , but they know they father be tell the truth . mr . brogan ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you tell they the whole thing . and then you ask they if they know how lucky they be to be there . monty look at he family . he be awed by they existence , by the life he have create . he look at naturelle , still beautiful in old age , and she smile back at he . old monty . it all come so close to never happen . int . mr. brogan' honda — morning the sun shine through the windshield . monty sleep , he batter head rest against the window below he frost - spelt name : m-o-n-t-y . old monty ( v.o. ) this life come so close to never happen .