'' 28 day by susannah grant December 15 , 1998 int . girl 's bedroom ~ night two little girl , sound asleep . it 's 1974 . a poster of the banana split on the wall . a ballerina music BOX be tinkling '' lullaby and good ge '' while the ballerina cwirl before the mirror . all 's right with the world . CUT to : a fresca bottle be dig out from a trash can by female hand . wipe off with a wide , 7u' - style cuff . . cut to : int . girl 's bedroom - night the ballerina 's tinkling . one girl roll over , clutching a@ snoopy . this be gwen , s$ . her face be angelic . CUT to : a vodka bottle be dig from behind a row of book . vodka be pour into the fresca bottle . it go all over the table . whoever 's pour have already have quite a few . cuT to : int , girl 's bedroom - night the ballerina finish she song . just _as she 's resume , the door open and mom enter , fresca bottle in hand . mom Girls ! get up ! it 's magic outside ! she flick on the light . Mom 's a party girl without the arty . a fade meauty ery to wring some fun out of er increasingly dull life . rinking be a start . gwen and she sister lily , 7 squint against the light . gwen I be tired . Mom go to rustle they out of bed . mom nonsense . come on , lazyhead . get up and go get you sleds . right away . lily we do not have sleds . mom you do not ? ( they shake they head } well then we will just have to improvise . ( continued ) continued : she pull out a drawer and dump the clothes out , onto the girl . they laugh as the clothes rain down on they . ext . mom' house - night a cheep New Jersey row house on top of a hill . nothing special about it . although everything look a little special when it 's snowing like this . snow cover the road . puff of it float down under the streetlight . Mom , gwen , and lily be each sit in a dresser drawer in the middle of the street . the girl be in parkas , boot and nightgown , with excited look on they face . gwen have snoopy with she . Mom have not put on a coat . mom ready , set -- go ! they push off and start down the hill . wheee ! the drawer skid over bump , carom against snowbank . the girl and Mom laugh and scream as they gain speed . at the bottom of the hill , they slam into a snowbank .and spill into the snow . they all laugh hysterically . mom hey , do we know how to have fun , or do we know how to have fun ? lily we know how to have fun . as they dig they drawer out of the snowbank : mom and that 's what matter , right ? Cause if you be not have fun , peanut -- lily / gwen ( a familiar refrain ) -- what 's the frigging point ? mom exactly . what 's the frigging point ? they all put they drawer on top of they head and head back up the hill . int . mom 's house , kitchen - day Mom be asleep on the floor in last night 's sledding clothes . gwen and lily be squatting next to she in school uniform . gwen blow on she face . no reaction . lily pinch she cheek . nothing . gwen pinch harder . nada . lily haul off and slap Mom hard . Mom grunt and roll over . satisfied she 's alive , lily and gwen leave . int . gwen 's classroom - day it 's spring outside . multiplication table aloud . whisper to the teacher . int . school hallway - day gwen be one of twenty girl do the school nurse come in , they both turn to look at gwen . the nurse lead gwen and lily down the hallway , hold they heel clip clip on the shiny floor . they hand . int . principal be office - day gwen and lily be sit , aunt helen . cinched belt , everything about aunt helen be tight : she purse lip . principal I be afraid you aunt have some bad news . aunt helen it 's you mother . she 's pass . her voice be face the principal and they she cold . a woman with little love for either child or drunk . lily understand immediately . her face go blank . gwen 's young . she do not get it . gwen it 's okay , she do that all the time . just slap she real hard and she ' will wake up . not on . aunt helen pass gut . pass away . pass go . gwen go where ? helen look to the principal for help . principal sometimes , qirt . God look down at all he chi dren , and see one that he have like to have with him in Heaven . fe that 's what he do . he ... move they . ( beat ) that 's what he do with you mother . he move she to Heaven . gwen think about this long and hard . finally : gwen he better have fresca there . but int . church - day organ music . about forty mourner be in the pews . aunt helen enter , hold gwen and lily 's hand . hey sit in a pew and take off they coat . aunt helen prays . gwen sit there for a beat , clacking she heel together . she clack she foot against lily 's . but lily yank she foot out of range and look the other way . gwen sit there a beat more . then she notice the casket on the altar . she stare at it . then , with aunt helen still bent in prayer , she get up walk toward it . . gwen march up to the casket , get up on she fippy - toe , and look in . there 's Mom , laid out ail peaceful . gwen stare for a moment . then : gwen hey ! aunt helen look up . see gwen peer in the casket . gwen ( cont have ) she 's not in Heaven ! she 's right here ! aunt helen sweet Jesus -- aunt helen jump up out of the pew , mortify . gwen you say she be in Heaven ! you say she move ! as aunt helen pick gwen up and carry she out of the church , gwen call out to the other mourner : gwen ( cont would ) look for yourself ! she 's right there ! int . aunt helen' live room - night a weird , unfamiliar house . gwen watch aunt helen , whose irritation be palpable , make up a sofabe . lily sit in a corner , stare into space . gwen I do not mean to ruin it . aunt helen do not respond . just tighten she hospital corner . when she 's do with the bed : aunt helen I clear out that chest there . you can use it for you clothes . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ; _ aunt helen ( cont no ) this be just for now . till we figure out something more permanent . she give they each a awkward PAT on the head and leave . lily open she suitcase and start unpack . gwen watch , then pull out a drawer and look at it for a moment . she pull it all the way out and look at the metal runner along the bottom . he look up at lily . gwen : hey . this one 's probably really fast . lily look at she . suddenly , a cold , angry little girl lily it 's not a sled . it 's a drawer . put it back . gwen look at lily , neatly filing she clothes away , and think about this . finally , she put the drawer back and start unpack . then , under she breath : gwen it 's a sled . I be just use it as a drawer for now . CUT to : MAIN title . CUT to : ext . new york , upper west side - day loud. dirty . and from the look of the graffiti and billboard , present day . a jackhammer start . int . new york apartment - present - day two body be crash on a mattress on the floor . the apartment , 's a tiny , cruddy studio . on a SMALL , disorganized desk , a laptop computer be open and on . next to it be a copy of the '' Manhattan weekly '' newspaper , open to a column call '' cumming and going '' . the byline say , '' by gwen cumming '' , the photo be of Courtney Love give the camera the finger . Beer can and vooka bottle spill out of a trash that desperately need dump . dirty dish fill the sink . the tv be on , with the sound turn off . cartoon animal chase each other across the screen . the only tidy thing in the place be a suit and a GREEN velvet dress hang in plastic on the back of the door . the jackhammer noise rattles the building . one of the head stir . we hear a pained female groan . ( continued ) continued : another jackhammer join in . a truck back up . beep beep . the other body move ; its voice be deep and groggy . jasper ( equally weak} jackhammer . Saturday . bad . the statement hang in the air . then the woman ' 's head op up , alarmed . it 's gwen , all grow up -- more or ess -- again . she 's 30 , naked , and very hang over . gwen fuck . Saturday . int . new york apartment , bathroom - day gwen be half - in the green dress , rinsing she armpit at the sink . her hand be shaking . gwen what would we do last night ? jasper ( 0.s. ) Little of everything , look like . jasper come in , drink a beer , pull on suit pants without underwear . he 's the kind of guy who manage to twinkle no matter how bad the hangover . gwen do we have fun , at least ? jasper I be choose to believe yes . gwen grab about five aspirin from the medicine cabinet gwen never again , jasper . jasper never again . she pop the aspirin , grab the beer , take a big pull . ext . new york , upper west side - day gwen and jasper tumble out of the building , semi-dress . they hail a cab and climb inside . gwen Grand Central . fast . ext . new york - day the taxi speed downtown , slam into a cavernous pothole . int . taxi - day ( continued ) continued : jasper and gwen , still get dress , go fly . gwen 's head smack the roof of the cab . gwen ow ! Jesus -- ( to the cabbie ) hey , alive . fast and alive . the alive part be very -- ( then : ) damn it ! in the bump , gwen have poke a finger through she stocking , rip a big hole , ruin they . gwen {to cabbie ) excellent , thank you . that 's perfect . as she throw the stocking out the window , she notice jasper 's shirt . it 's a ratty , old I - Love - NY T-shirt , gwen that 's what you be wear ? jasper I could not find my good one . ( off she unamuse look ) hey , at least it have a heart on it . the taxi lurch , send they both into the ceiling . ext . grand central - day the taxi pull up in front of the station . int . grand central - day gwen and jasper run across the lobby . int . grano central , train platform - day gwen and jasper get on the train just as the door close . int . train - day gwen and jasper , very quivery , be look for seat . ahead , the conductor be take a passenger 's ticket . passenger where 's the bar car ? conductor Three car that way . he point over gwen and jasper 's shoulder . they do a immediate about - face and head that way . ext . bedford , new york train station - day the train arrive . gwen and jasper spill out of it in ( continued ) continued : hysterics , very well -oiled . | ext . church - day a small , white church , wildflower arrangement by the door . lot of car in the parking lot . a sole bridesmaid , also in green velvet , be wait out front . int . church - oay more wildflower inside . 70 - odd guest be all seat , . wait for a wedding . anorew , the handsome , lawyer groom , be at the altar with he best man and the minister . he check he watch , then catch eye with he parent -- stuffy GOP 'er -- who be by the door , they shoot he a question look -- what 's go on ? he shrug -- beat I . ext . church - day a taxi pull up . gwen and jasper spill out of it , still laughing , and land right in front of the bridesmaid . bridesmaid you be late . gwen jasper , this be ... what 's she name . bridesmaid really late , gwen . like , 45 minute late . gwen she have absolutely no sense of humor but she 's really good at tell time . the bridesmaid drag gwen inside . int . church - day as the bridesmaid drag gwen off to the bride 's room , jasper saunter in , kiss Andrew 's mother 's hand . jasper how do you do . pleasure . ( to Andrew 's Father ) Sir . a honor . he kiss Andrew 's Father 's hand too . they both seem a little . disconcert . andrew's mother and you be ...? jasper ( whisper ) the bride 's lover . ssh . ( continued ) 9 . continued : he wink at they , snap a flower off a arrangement , and stick it in he lapel as he find himself a seat . int . bride ‘s room - day lily , 32 , be the impatient bride . she 's stand with a second bridesmaid when gwen enter . gwen sorry . there be a water main break , and then the train get stop in Rye , some electrical something , and -- lily turn to she , livid . lily you know what I can not figure out ? which piss I off more : you be late , or you come at all . gwen what do you mean ? this be you big day -- of course I be gonna be here -- lily right , to watch I marry -- how be it you put it last night ? -- '' a guy with as much personality as a tube sock . '' on gwen , horrify , as the memory hit she : int . bar ~ night late last night . gwen , jasper and ten friend be at a table , sloppy - orunk . while everyone talk at once , gwen yell into she cel phone . gwen I be not say he 's the most boring person on Earth , lil , but -- {to she noisy bar-mate ) do you mino ? this be important ! ( back to the phone} -- but as you only live relative , it think it 's my duty to the you ... ( whisper ) «+. he 's the most boring person on Earth . int . MAIN house , front room - dusk gwen simultaneously mortify by , and try to cover up , the memory . gwen oh -- you think I be -- cause that be a joke , I be -- I be joke . lily level she unforgive gaze at gwen . ( continued ) 40 . continued : lily gwen ? when you be old and alone and you have nothing to do on holiday because you have alienate everyone you ' have ever meet , I want you to '' remember this word : you make it impossible to love you . she hand gwen a bouquet and swooshes out , follow by she two other bridesmaid . gwen stand there a moment . | gwen fuck . int . church anteroom - day procession time . gwen be wait she turn . after a moment , she discreetly pull a bottle of pill out of she pocket , pop a couple , wash they down with Holy Water , then head up the aisle . int . church , altar - day gwen be stand with lily , Andrew , the Minister , and the best man . lily and Andrew kiss . gwen 's head bob around like one of that bouncy - neck doll in the back of a car . int . inn - day reception . a SMALL band be play lester lanin-like wedding music . some tame wedding dance go on . lily and Andrew be greeting people in a receive line . gwen and vasper snake through the crowd hold big , fat drink , still loopy . they speech be loose and jangly . gwen do you see I ? no mistake . no crisesise . I do everything right . jasper you say that like it 's a good thing . a waiter pass with some puffy hor d'oeuvre . instead of take one , gwen take the whole tray from he . gwen it be not ? as jasper talk , gwen eye the hor d'oeuvre hungrily . but she have a drink in one hand and the tray in another . the only way to eat they be to pick they up off the tray with she tongue . so that 's what she do . jasper no. nobody want to come away from a wedding with memory of perfection and beauty . they want to bring home a story ... ( continued ) li. continued : nearby , some guest spot gwen drunkenly lick cheese puff off the tray . whisper , point . '' the sister . '' jasper ( cont have ) +--+ something juicy . like the one ~ about the groom who run off with the may of honor . or the bride whose tit fall out of she dress during the ceremony . he lean forward and lick a hor d’oeuvre off too . across the room , lily see they eat off the tray like a couple of dog . then she spot Andrew 's Father among the people stare , and be mortify . jasper {mouth full ) that 's all anyone want out of life , gwennie . a good story . gwen ( mouth full ) you think ? jasper not if it can be avoid . come on , this be a party . let 's have some fun , for Christ 's sake . he take the tray and put it on a chair , not see Andrew 's mother 1s about to sit down on the very same chair . squoosh , splat . as Andrew 's mother react , jasper and gwen hit the dance floor without notice they 's have horrify yet another entire group of guest . on the dance floor , couple be dance tastefully . but gwen and pasper change ail that . they land on the dance floor with all the decorum of a neutron bomb . normally , jasper 's a good dancer , but as drunk as he be , he 's just a safety hazard . every time he spin gwen , she thwacks into another dancer . bam ! bam ! bam ! back whacked , toe step on , hat knock off . not that jasper and gwen even notice . they 's be have fun , for God 's sake . he throw she over he head . her shoe fly off and hit a woman . he slide she under he leg . her dress fly up -~ who care ? all around the reception , people stare at they . from she place on the receive line , lily see the display , see everyone talk and point . she start over to the dance floor , to pet a end to it just then , jasper spin gwen , but instead of hold on to she , he accidentally let she hand slip out of he . she go fly across the dance floor ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) +++ right into the wedding cake , be wheeled past by some caterer . splat ! crash ! gwen tumble to the floor in a pile of velvet and butter cream . everyone freeze . gwen turn and see everyone stare er at she . see lily start to cry . she scramble to eet . gwen tfll ... rceplace that . she stagger away , drip butter cream in she wake . ext . inn - day a chauffeur be wander around the driveway , smoking . gwen stumble out , swatting at she dress , try to get the frosting off . finally , she gust unzip the dress , drop it on the ground , and climb into the nearest car : the limo . she start it up . chauffeur hey ! he run up to the car , just in time to catch a glimpse of gwen in her underwear put it in drive and take off . ext . beoford residential STREET - day the limousine 200 ms and weave down the road . int . limousine - day gwen zoom down the road , look around . gwen cake store , cake store , cake store . ext . residential STREET - day the limo swerve around a bend and slam a stop sign . int . limousine - day gwen turn around to see what she hit ... gwen sorry ! ext . beoford residential STREET - day the limo take out the picket fence in front of a church . ext . bedford house - day at the end of the block sit a little white ranch house , complete with lawn jockey . at the other end , the limousine careen around the corner and barrel down the ( continued ) 13 . continued : road . as it near the house , a cat dart in front of it . int . limousine - day gwen swerve to avoid the cat ... - gwen ( cont would ) whoa ! and lose control of the car . bump , up the curb . ext . bedford house - day the limo hurtle up the lawn . the lawn jockey fly through the air . ext . another bedford STREET - day this street be quiet . a old station wagon be toodling along at a ultra-safe speed . int . station wagon - day a elderly man be hunch up close to the steering wheel . his elderly wife be beside he , wear a '' disneyworld '' t- shirt over she dress . there be suitcase in the back . eloerly woman I bet you forget to put in the bulb . elderly man that 's right , mother , I let it all go to heck . you will not even recognize it . he chuckle and turn into he driveway . then he stop short when he see he house : the lawn 's shred ; the tail of the limo , complete with '' just married '' sign , be stick out of he destroy live room window . as the elderly man and he wife get out of the ‘car , aghast , they front door open . gwen stagger out , blood drip down she face and onto she scantily - clad body . gwen nslur } hey . Old people . where cI get a cake ' round nore ? 3 CUT to ; ext . blue ridge mountain - day Rolling hill . the kind kate Smith sing about . ext . blue ridge rehab CENTER , NORTH CAROLINA - day a large piece of woodsy property on a lake . it look like a conference center : four SMALL dorm , a MAIN build , a cafeteria , a SMALL gym , and a auditorium . a wooden gate mark the entrance . on the side be a sign : ( continued ) 14 . continued : Blue Ridge Rehabilitation Center . a station wagon with a home - made taxi sign pull off the interstate and slowly head up the long dirt drive , int . taxi _- day the driver check he rear view mirror and see : gwen , stare eut the window , watch the center come closer and closer . she have a bruise forehead and some stitches near she hair . a suitcase be beside she . ext . 8 lue rioge rehab CENTER , parking area - day the taxi pull out , leave gwen in the cloud of dirt . she have on jeans and a coat that 's miss its button . gwen pull the coat tight around she and look around -- at the building , the duck on the pond , the winter sun play off the hill in the distance . through the door to the Main Building , she see a admission sign . the door to a dorm open , and a rag-tag group of fifteen people , all age , race , gender , emerge . hey gather in a circle and mumble for a bit , then scream : chanter together ! we're better ! we're better ! together ! noooooo0o drug ! gwen stare , horrify , as they break up and head toward the Main Building . she dig she cel phone out and dial . jasper ( 0.s. ) ( very sleepy ) yeah . gwen huge mistake , jasper . massive . jasper ( 0.s. ) hey. good morning . gwen ha . easy for you to say . I should have pick that place in the city . jasper ( 0.s. ) what about all that '' I do not wanna run into anyone I know '' bullshit ? gwen I be wrong . this place be horrible . it an mile away from anything , the people chant , and , oh , guess what , there 's no booze or drug . jasper ( 0.s. ) the people what ? ( continued ) 1s. continued : gwen chant . hy ? jasper ( 0.s. ) why ? gwen I do not know . because they be weird . because this place be a fuck jasper ( 0.s. ) could be worse . could be prison . gwen be that worse ? jasper ( 0.8 . ) you never hear of anyone be rape with a plunger in rehab . gwen maybe it 's cover up . maybe rehab be the plunger- rape capital -- hey ! her cel phone be snatch from she hand . she turn to see betty marquette tower over she . Betty 's a big woman ~- about 6 / 1 '' , mid - 40' , with zero sense of humor . gwen Excuse I , I be talk ! betty no cel phone . Betty turn and head into the main building . betty get you own bag there . this be not the Sheraton . gwen pick up she bag and follow . int . MAIN build , office - day Betty toss gwen 's cel phone into a box , then rifle through gwen 's suitcase , which be OPEN on a desk . betty be you insurance or self - pay ? gwen well -~ see as I do not happen to have ten thousand dollar sit around just now , yeah , insurance will be help out . Betty hand gwen a stack of insurance form then go back to the suitcase . as gwen look the form over , ( continued ) 16 . continued : Betty set gwen 's laptop in the box with the cel phone . gwen hey , whoa , I need that . | betty no you do not . gwen oh , yes I do . I have a column to write . it 's very important . betty that be not the kind of thing we want you worry about here . gwen oh , okay , yeah , I will just choose what to worry about . that always work . Betty pull out a budweiser t-shirt , add it to the box . gwen I sleep in that . betty not here , you do not . Betty root around some more , sniff gwen 's toiletry . gwen tell you what , betty. be it ? , while you be go through my thing , what say [ go through yours ? gwen try the drawer . it 's lock . Betty shake a shoe . two prescription bottle fall out . gwen that 's ... for back pain . Betty dump they in the box with all the other thing . betty this will all be return to you when you check out . except the vicodin , which will be flushed . smile . flash ! she take gwen 's Polaroid , then hand she a hospital gown . betty open to the back . int . MAIN build , exam room - day a medical exam room . gwen be in the gown , on a exam table . while dr . stavros , a older woman , draw she blood , gwen hum '' Zip - a - dee doo dah '' lightly to herself . int . MAIN build , x-ray room - day gwen be lie on the table , lead curtain drape over she lower body , get a chest x-ray . still humming . int , MAIN build , office - day gwen be at a desk , fill out the insurance form . gwen . ( sing quietly ) plenty of sunshine , comin 's my way ... ext . blue ridge campus - day Betty be lead gwen toward a dorm . there 's a hospital id bracelet on gwen 's wrist . betty no drug or alcohol , obviously . no isolate -- that 's sit around in you room , feel sorry for yourself . no phone call , except on visit day , and then only for ten minute . no fraternization -- that 's romance and / or sex between patient . Betty open the door to the dorm for gwen . as she enter : gwen Zip -a- dee doo dah , zip - a- dee ay . int . parker house , gwen 's room - night like a holiday Inn room . a skinny teenage girl be lie on a bed , read the Big Book . this be andrea . she have dark root show under she bleach hair and a silver hoop through a eyebrow . betty you room . you be responsible for keep it clean . ( to andrea ) andrea , this be gwen . settle she in . Betty leave . andrea look up from she book . andrea 1 do you watch '' Santa Cruz '' ? gwen do I watch what ? '' Santa Cruz . '' my soap . I have pot see it in three week . ( continued ) continued : gwen you should not watch crap like that . it rot the mis anorea '' oh , yeah , like the stuff you be take to get you in here be real brain food . she turn she nose back into she book . gwen look at she a moment , then head into the bathroom . int . bathroom - dusk gwen be on the floor , lean against the edge of the tub , she head in she hand . a voice come over a PA : voice ( 0.s. ) dinnertime . Circle up . ext . parker house - dusk gwen come out to find about twenty patient in a circle , finish the serenity prayer . then they chant : patient hey , hey , whaddaya know , pill and booze have got to gq ! hey , hey , whaddaya say , sober 1s the only way ! gwen watch as they head off toward the cafeteria . gwen Jesus Christ . int . cafeteria - night close on sloppy goo be slap onto a plate . widen to see the plate be hand to gwen , who 's in a long line of about eighty patient get they food . int . cafeteria , table - night andrea lead gwen up to a table with a parker house sign on it . seat at it be some parker House resident : * bobbie jean : 60 , Southern , pudgy , sweet as molass ; * daniel , 45 , well - dress ; kind of handsome in a angry , beat - up kind of way , with a scar on he neck ; * roshonda , 35 , black , all braid , bosom , and maternal instinct . * oliver , 30 , Park Avenue party boy , bear with a silver spoon up he nose . * gerhardt : 26 , german accent and poofy hair ; in a tight T-shirt that say '' denial be not just River in Egypt . '' ( continued ) 19 . continued : andrea gwen . gwen , everyone . '' hi '' 's all around . gwen give they all a want smile and sit next to bobbie Jean . Oliver turn to gerhardt . oliver booze . gerhardt Cocaine . roshonda painkiller . they all turn to look at gwen . expectantly . bobbie jean this be not a nice game . | oliver well ? gwen well , what ? oe oo andrea what 's you drug of choice ? alcohol ? Cocaine ? percodan ? heroin ? glue ? gwen I nave to pick just one ? roshonda you gateway drug , what you go for first . gwen oh . I guess I drink . oliver yes ! come to papa . as gerhardt and roshonda hand Oliver they dessert , Oliver smile and wink at gwen . she look away , toward oaniel . the minute she eye hit he , he bark at she : daniel what 's the matter , you never see a trach scar before ? gwen notice he scar for the first time . gwen Excuse I ? ( continued ) 20 continued : ( 2 ) daniel [ t 's a tracheotomy , okay ? not a growth , not a deformity . a scar . so you can stop stare , gerhardt I do not think she be stare , Daniel . daniel how would you know , faggot ? you be about as perceptive as helen keller . oliver actually , when you think about it , helen keller be probably -- daniel shut the fuck up . bobbie jean we be all friend , here , Daniel . can not we be courteous ? daniel talk to she . she 's the one stare . roshonda it 's he problem , but if I be you , I would apologize . gwen look around , see everyone stare at she . gwen sorry . my mistake . oaniel yeah , no shit . bobbie Jean turn to gwen in she sweetest Southern lawn - Party way , with a great big smile . bobbie jean be ya drunk now ? gwen Excuse I ? bobbie jean I be pickle as a dill cucumber when I check in . can not even remember my first meal , which I guess be a bless , because they tell I I pass out in my cream corn . Holy mo . gwen look around at she new dormmate : gwen ( 0.s. ) '' dear jasper . a word about the people here . think snow White . ( more ) ( cont inued } 2 . continued : ( 3 ) gwen ( cont would ) think dwarf . only tall . think ( look at bobbie Jean ) perky ... ( andrea ) loopy ... ( roshonda ) - bossy ... ( Oliver ) feecharde ) foofy ... ( Daniel ) and Fucking scary ... '' prep int . gwen 's bathroom , night gwen 's brush she teet have a stare - down with she own reflection . from che bé 2 andrea { 0.s . ) do not worry about Daniel . he 's pest all self - conscious about the nec cause he do it to himself thin andrea lean in . she 's andrea he have this thing where he would pump he own stomach at night so he would not get a hangover . for [ guess he know how cause he 's a doctor . or be . he lose he license after he kill that patient . anyway , something about a plastic tube scraping down to he stomach night after night -- as she & ook back to the mirror . gwen ( 0.s . ) '' if memory serve , I think snow White befriend she new housemate ... int . gwen 's room - night gwen have not unpack . clothes spill out of she suitcase . her towel 's on the floor . she 's lie in bed , write . gwen ( 0.s . ) '' I , I ' 1ll take my cue from a different Fairy Tale heroine . the one who fall asleep and do not wake up until she boyfriend come to get she . '' gwen notice andrea kneel at the foot of she bed , do the serenity prayer . gwen ( 0.s. } '' toward that end , see if you can dig up some more vicodin before you come . ( more ) ( continued ) 22 . continued : gwen ( cont would ) the gestapo find the first batch , and the whole here - but-not-here illusion will be easier to sustain with 2 little chemical help . Love , gwennie '' and she turn out she light and roll over to go to sleep . andrea get into she bed ... = andrea night . ++. and turn off she light . on gwen , lie in the dark . she take a deep , shaky breath . then close she eye and try to go to sleep . after a beat , she hear a crinkling . open she eye . listen . more crinkling . like cellophane . she turn on the light . on the sheet in front andrea have _a bunch of hard candy @r and - a.few in she mouth . andrea ( mouth full ) heroin addict . sugar craving . gwen how old be andrea ixteen . gwen stare at she a moment , then turn the light back off . more crinkling . this be go to be a long night . int . gwen 's bedroom - night andcea 's asleep . the sound of vomiting . int . gwen 's bathrocm - night gwen look in the mirror , not a pretty sight . her quivery , bleary - eye , ashen reflection look back at she . as gwen stare at herself , she reflection start laughing at she . gwen step away from the mirror , unnerve . int . gwen 's bathroom - day gwen be asleep on the tile floor . there 's a knock on the bedroom door . bobbie Jean poke she head in the room . bobbie jean ( chipper , sing song ) wakey , wakey , rise and shine , the sun 's burn you eye out ! gwen lift she head up off the tile , miserable . 23. ext . parker kouse - day while the patient circle up , gwen emerge , feel like shit , and make a desperate bee-line for the cafeteria . int . cafeteria - day patient be line up , get they breakfast . gwen go to the front of the line and bark at the cook . gwen hey . where 's the coffee ? patient | they do not serve it . caffeine 's mood - alter . gwen yes , I know . that 's the point . int . campus shop - day book , card , clothes , all recovery - related . each tx shirt have a slogan on it : '' easy do it , '' '' one Day at a time , '' '' let go and let God . '' wen be with the chipper saleslady who 's look in a empty cigarette display . saleslady sorry , we be fresh out . gwen eresh out ? that 's impossible . cigarettes be the addict 's number one basic food group . saleslady that explain it , then . gum ? ext . blue ridge , MAIN build - day gwen emerge with a bag of candy . she shove starbursts in she mouth as she head back to parker house . int . parker house , betty ’'s booth ~ day close on a chore list . next to the name '' gwen C . '' it say '' downstair toilet . '' gwen enter , keep to herself . she walk past the list without look at it , past all she dorm mate hard at work on they chore , and head upstairs . roshonda step in front of she , hold a glass jar full of money . roshonda unmade bed , clothes all over . I be give you a F for daily inspection and fine you a dollar . pay up . ( continued ) *n 24 , continued : gwen you want my maney ? roshonda you know I do . I be house nanny . it 's omy 3° to fine anyone who be not pul ing they own weight . that be the rule . if you do not like they , maybe you better find yourself another treatment center , gwen glare at she , then angrily dig out she wallet . gwen tell you what . take a five . I do not plan on clean all week . she shove a five at she and head back outside . on she way out , she steal a pack of cigarettes from a table . ext . blue ridge - day gwen sit under a tree , smoking , chew she candy , hat the world . after few chew , she see , nearby : a taut black man do martial Arts . he look focus and dangerous . gwen watch , then go over to he . gwen hey . he turn to she , a little irk at the interruption . this be cornell william -- ageless , focus as a laser . gwen ( cont would ) have you be here a long time ? cornell yes . gwen so be it really tight ? or be there , like , a black market thing go on ? cornell what be you look for ? gwen anything . I be have a lousy day . cornell drug . gwen or , you know , booze . whatever . cornell you counselor will kick you out if he find you use . ( continued ) 25 , continued : gwen so I will not discuss it with he . cornell too late . int . cornell 's office - day close on gwen 's polaroid , on she file . wioen to see Cornell 's office . it 's monastic in its lack of ornament . cornell so , ask the black man how to cop , huh ? Cornell be at he bookshelf , gather a stack of book , gwen be in the office with he , chomping on she candy , gwen I do not ask you because you be black . it ask you because you be alone and look relatively cool . cornell you think drug be cool ? gwen no . I think theyete very naughty . this be a horrible office , you know that ? cornell I mean what I say before . you use , you 's be out . gwen Fair enough . cornell and I ' 1ll know if you be use . I promise I will know . gwen superhuman power , congratulation . he hand she the stack of reading material . gwen what 's all this ? cornell literature about you disease . the aa Big book. worksheet . anda journal to want you to write in daily . gwen be this mandatory ? cornell , what else you gonna do with you time ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : gwen it do not know , birdwatch ? I think I saw a yellow - belly smack - shooter this morning . he lock she in he glare , unamuse . cornell gwen . God never give we a heavier load than we be able to bear . give you this disease be his way of tell you how strong you can be . you owe it to him to meet his expectation . ext . outside the MAIN build - day gwen head back toward parker house with the read material and she bag of candy . gwen Cornell , my friend , I do not owe God a fuck thing . she throw everything but the journal into a trash can : int . group therapy room - oay gwen , chomping on candy , be seat in a circle with andrea , Oliver , bobbie Jean , roshonda , Daniel , gerhardt and evelyn , the bosomy , overly attentive group leader on bobbie jean , smile politely , though tense . bobbie jean Te be not a problem till emmett take up with the girl . that 's when it turn . that night when he be out with she and I be home with the tv . on andrea , anxiously biti nail down to the quick . andrea this guy I be see in , like , sixth grade ? pettie ? he turn I on . on roshonda , roshonda fyerybody else in the neighborhood be tweak , but not I , I have plan . [ was gonna be a doctor . on gerhardt , fight tear , unable to talk . on bobbie jean again , smile despite she pain . ( continued ) o~ 27 . continued : bobbie jean '' ++ lt figure we would ride it out . so when he say he be move she in with we and I could stay or leave , well -- I see now I shoulda leave .. , on oliver , lean back in he chair , casual and blase . oliver ++. any party worth be at there would bea owt of peruvian flake on the coffee table . usually right by the nut . on gerhardt , on the verge of tear , struggle to talk . on roshonda , continue . roshonda one day [ be kick it with my girl and this dude Tyler come by slangin 's and I say no , like I always do , and my friend say , girl , who you kid ? you ever see anyone from here end up a doctor ? ai not no fuck way . and she be right . be not no way , on bobbie jean again , find it harder to smile . bobbie jean '' + + you try stay sober when you be do you husband 's girlfriend 's wash . that girl have panty I could not fit my big toe into . on daniel , stare at Evelyn , hostile . dantel do I look like I feel like share ? on bobbie jean , wiping a tear with a lace handkerchief . bobbie jean now they be go . and so be my boy . it 's just I in that big old house , start over all by myself . ( beat ) you know I have never even have my own bank account ? on gerhardt , now sobbing so hard he body be heaving . a fountain of tear and snot . a massive release . as he give into the grief , he lean over onto gwen 's shoulder and sob on it . gwen look around the room , horrify . int . hallway outside group therapy room - oay the door open . gwen beat it away as fast as she can , wiping gerhardt 's snot off she shoulder as she go . 28 . int . gwen be room - oay gwen be on she bed , look over ten party invitation . behind she , andrea be pull on le a 9s a andrea do you need to borrow some sweat ? gwen no - — ~ anorea you 's be gonna will ut in jeans ? gwen I be not i a anorea -7 you should . it 's good here . they have y get all this cool equipment and class and stuff . most place , they just make you walk around some dumb rack ura d gwen you know this from _experience ? ear , gwen there 's a glow endorsement of the process . — andrea '' it 's different this time . all thos other time my Mom put I in . this the first time I do it myself . that 's the only way it work , if you 's be do it for yourself . betty ( 0.s. ) two o'clock . cise . — — andrea '' they check the int . gym - while Rod Stewart 's '' do ya think I be sexy '' blare , about thirty patient do aerobics . among they : andrea work out hard ; bobbie Jean , new to exercise , be follow as best she can ; gerhardt be pour he pelvis into every move ; and Oliver be in back , watch the woman 's ass . ext . gym - day { continued ) ~~ 29 , continued : while the music thump through the wall , gwen sit in the bush , fight the jitter with candy and cigarettes . she have the invitation spread out in front of she . Party in she look at one . it 's to the detail holiday £ she the puck Building . gwen take another pull of cigarette , then start to write in the journal . gwen ( v.0 . ) the puck Building be the spot to trot to Thursday night , for detail holiday do . mixing with the hoi polloi be the famous and fabulous , include ... she think , then cock she head toward the music . gwen ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ..-. Rod Stewart -- how do he get he hair to do that ? -- and he lovely gal Rachel Hunter , who be wear as she ponder , two women power - walk by . one be wear leopard - print legging . gwen ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) «.. leopard print legging . thank God for supermodel . she grab a handful of candy , and continue . ext . gym - night the candy bag be empty . gwen 's sit there , she coat pull tight around she . about twelve butt be stubbed out in the ground around she . she stub out the one she 's smoking , then reach into the pack . empty . int . parker house , hallway - night as gwen head back , Oliver 's door open and a female patient from aerobics emerge , look satisfied . gwen catch eye with Oliver , who 's in he doorway ina monogramm bathrobe that 's flap open , revealing all . oliver ( with a smile ) just lend she my Big Book . oh , please . gwen walk by without even pause . ext . blue rioge , parking lot - day visit day . there be lot of car in the lot . ext . parker house - day group of patient with visitors be all over the campus . a series of image from the parker House porch : ( continued ) on 30 . continued : * bobbie Jean get a big hug from two men in there early 30 's -- she son . . gerhardt greet another man who look exactly like he . * Oliver walk by the building with he arm around he obviously - wealthy , beautiful girlfriend . . Daniel smoke a cigarette alone . int . parker house , MAIN room - day more visitors inside . a lone patient sit in the corner , in he bathrobe , play a depress riff ona guitar . in the kitchen area , gwen be eat from a box of cracker , look for something else to munch on . the front door open and jasper enter . jasper who the hell do you have to know to get a drink around here ? everyone turn to look , in horror . gwen jasper ! she run to he and throw she arm around he . they playfully tumble all over each other , into the wall , then fall over a chair and crumple to the ground , laughing . lying on the floor , he plant a huge kiss on she , and siip a bottle of pill . into she pocket . she feel they . gwen God , I love you . ext . blue ridge - day gwen and jasper be walk along the edge of the pond . jasper where be all the celebrity ? gwen can you believe it ? there be none . jasper oh , come on . do not they know the only thing anyone want from rehab be a good coke - out star story ? Elizabeth aylor , weep in group about how she never feel beautiful . never , not one single day . gwen laugh . ( continued ) continued : gwen God , it 's good to laugh . nobody here laugh . jasper - that 's because there 's nothing funny about addiction . unless you be waste , in which case everything 's a fuck gas . int . cafeteria - oay full of patient and visitor . it 's very social . a biker - guy patient be introduce Cornell to he mother . ! Evelyn be sit with a family . ) gwen and jasper be off in a corner by themselves . she 's flipping through mail he 's bring . e's look at the column she write . | gwen just type it up and fax it in from my ' place . the weekly 's number be program in . jasper om so -- about the fact that none of this be -- how to do I put this -- true ? gwen , hey , what choice do I have ? I can not risk lose my job . my insurance only cover 60 % of this . the other two thousand buck I have to cough u myself . somehow . Jesus . like do not have enough problem . while she look it over , he poke at the food . jasper be the food always this bad ? gwen yes . do you check my machine ? jasper oh , yeah . here . jasper hand she a piece of paper . she scan it . gwen huh . nothing from lily . jasper hunh-uh . you know at Betty Ford , they o~ make you omelet to order . ( continued ) 32 . continued : gwen ( unamuse ) thanks , I all keep that in mind for m next DUI . you be sure this be all of they ? jasper yeah . gwen camn . her mood darken . jasper keep poke at he plate . jasper . you should call the aclu . this definitely qualify as cruel and unusual punishment . gwen jasper . Il know the food suck . this whole place suck . I be stick on the Island of misfit toy here , and it do not help to have you constantly remind I how miserable it be . jasper I think I be be funny . gwen | well , I do not want funny right now . I want home . I want latte and my own shower and that fuck neighbor who steal my paper and I want -- I want -- she 's tie herself into a knot . jasper stand . jasper I know what you want . ext . parking lot - day jasper pull she toward he rent convertible . gwen I be not suppose to leave , jasper you 's be not suppose to have pill in you pocket , either . he get into the car . gwen look to see if anyone be watch . the coast be clear . gwen okay , but no drink . jasper abso-posi-lutely no drink . ~~ 33 . int . parker house , MAIN room ~- night the resident be gather around , discuss visit day . bobbie Jean be in tear . - bobbie jean + ++ @ mother should be the one tell she kid she 's proud of they , not the other way around . have my boy say that to I just make I see what a rotten person I be . roshonda bobbie Jean , baby , if ysu be a rotten person , you would not be here right now . the rotten people be the one who be not even try . the front door open , and gwen enter , very orunk . everyone look . she see immediately try she best to act sober . and fail miserably . gwen hi. int . parker house , MAIN room - night everyone be do chore . Oliver look at gerhardt . oliver think they 's 1l kick she out ? gerhardt they better . a rule 's a rule . oliver maybe she have a good reason . roshonda . a good reason ? Boy , be you learn anything here ? int . cornell nos office - day gwen be talk to Cornell , he 's very calm . she 's struggle with a vicious hangover , cornell ordinarily , you would be go by now . but with a court referral , the udge need a day to arrange you transfer . gwen so what do I do in the meantime ? cornell whatever you need to do to get yourself ready for prison life , ( continued} continued : 34 . gwen I be sorry -- do you say prison ? cornell yes , I do . gwen oh , no . no way . my sentence be 28 day of rehab . '' if you want to kick I out , fine , but send I to another he get bear he turn she get treatment place . cornell iwas very clear . you use , you lose . gwen but I do not use . I just ... drank . a little . and I have not eat , because the food here , let 's face it , suck -- not my fault -- so the little I do drink go straight to my head . cornell ; be pack by tomorrow morning . ack to work . end of conversation . gwen come on , Cornell . can not we can this out ? what do they pay you here ? it can not be much . maybe a little extra to help with the holiday ... around slowly , glare at she . cornell get out of my office . gwen no , look -- I do not belong in jail : I do not even belong here . yes , drink a lot ; I 'ma writer ; that 's what we do . but I be not like everyone else here . I can control myself . when it come to all this . if I want to , I could . I would , '' will , if I want to . I can . {he just stare ) ( more stare ) oh , fuck you you kung fu Zen master freak . what do you know about I ? nothing . not one God damn thing . up and leave the room . 35 . ext . blue ridge rehab CENTER - day group of patient be in circle in front of they dorm , all say the serenity prayer . as gwen huff out of the main building and head to arker House , the huddle break and each dorm yell its dorm chant : lewis house patient i used to orink , {£ used tq use ! but now I 've say goodbye tq baqzze ! marshall house patient together nogoggo " srae | mere pqher ! yraaaaaysggrt US & wigher she reach parker House just as they start to chant : : parker house patient she shove open the door and go inside . int . gwen 's room - day gwen enter and go straight to the jacket she be wear the day before . she find the bottle of vicodin , she shake a few pill into she hand , but pause before take they . she stare at they . then instead of take they , she throw the pill and the bottle out the window . ext . parker house , beneath gwen 's window - day the bottle hit a rock . pill scatter through the grass . int . gwen 's room - day gwen shut the window . there . piece of cake . she sit there a bit , not sure what to do with herself . int . gwen' bathroom - day gwen 's in the shower . she look down at she hand . they be shaking . she stick they in she armpit . int . gwen 's room - day she 's on she bed , in a t-shirt and underwear . her hair 23 wet . she still have no idea what to do with herself . ( continued ) 36 . continued : she dig up a pack of gum . she stick a piece in she mouth . chews , then , desperate for something to do , she start fold and tear the gum wrapper . int . gwen' bathroom - night andrea be get dress after a shower , she hang she swimsuit on a hook and head out into : int . gwen 's bedroom - night : andrea get a notebook from she desk , then look over at gwen , who 's still on hec bed , work the gum wrapper into a gum chain , which be now three foot Long . ext . parker house - night it 's raining . patient converge on the Main Building . cornell { ( 0.s , ) I be Cornell . I be a addict and a alcoholic , patient ( 0.s. ) KI cornell ! int . lecture hall - night cornell be at a podium , in front of the twelve sree and twelve tradition . the audience be full of patient , cornell I have be clean and sober eight year , four month , seventeen day and ( check he watch ) + ++ twenty hour . give or take . laughter and applause . int . gwen 's room ~ night gwen , still on she bed , have run out of wrapper . she lie there , chew she nail , agitate as all get - out , as she lie there , she start think about : int . motel room ( visiting day ) - night cheesy as Hell . the door open . jasper and gwen stumble in , laughing , eat corn dog . they fall on the bed . jasper Christ , look at this place . TI feel like I be ina dolly parton song . gwen the sheet smell like chicken . ( continued ) 37 , continued : jasper fantastic . he roll over and start kissing she . one hand push up she shirt ; the other reach around to she ass . [ it 's nothing they have not do before , but it 's suddenly all awkward . they hand feel huge . the room go quiet . gwen 's hand twitch uncomfortably on jasper 's back . no placement feel right . when he yank she shirt off , she cover she chest with she arm , oddly shy , everything 's weird . after a awkward beat , jasper sit up . jasper hey . check it out . he pull out a bottle of wild turkey out of he bag . . jasper ( cont have ) i_ know , verboten , but you can not have tawdry sex in a cheesy Southern motel without at least one sip of Southern moonshine . it 's actually against the law down here . he take a big sip . gwen pause for a moment . then : gwen well . can not go end up on the wrong side of the law . she reach for the bottle and take a huge slug . CUT to ; int . gwen 's bathroom - night gwen turn on the hot water , full blast . for the noise . int . lecture hall - night Cornell be still talk to the room . cornell , -+ i'd cell myself I would not get fuck up . but then something would happen -- or nothing would happen -- and I would get the feel ... int . gwen 's bathroom - night the faucet and shower be on . gwen lean on the door cornell ( 0.s. ) {cont have ) you all know the feel , do not you ? you skin 's scream ; you brain 's on fire ; you hand be shaking ... ( continued ) 38 . continued : gwen slide down the door and sit on the floor , int . lecture hall - day Cornell be stil} talk . ~ cornell ( cont would ) :++ and you know that if anyone have a clue how wrong it feel to be sober , they would not even think of ask you to stay that way ... int . gwen 's room - day water 's still running , gwen pace , scratch she arm , cornell ( 0 ,s. ) ( cont have ) '' + they have say , shit man , do it -- drink , use , shoot up , pop , sniff -- do whatever you need to do to feel like a normal human be again . phe look out the window . it 's raining , but she can see the vicodin on the ground . she head out of the room . int . parker house , MAIN room - night gwen come in , see Betty at she desk , block the exit . gwen damn it , gwen retreat back into the shadow . int . gwen 's bedroom - night gwen come in and peer outside , spot a nearby tree , cornell ( 0.8 . ) , so I do . Day after day and night after night after night .. , gwen open the window and climb out . int . lecture hall - night Cornell be still at the podium . cornell ( cont would ) .:+ I do not care about the consequence , I know whatever they be , they could not be worse than not use ... ext . parker house - night gwen be on the slippery sill , the branch be just out of reach . ( continued ) 39 . continued : she look down , take a deep breath , then jump ... and catch the branch ! she hang there , in the rain , suspend over the vicodin , for a relieved moment . cornell ( 0.s.} ( cont would ) but then something happen ... the branch break . gwen tumble downward in slow motion . int . lecture hall - night Cornell be talk . cornell ( cont have ) one night , I wake up on a sidewalk . no idea where I be or how I get there . and when I try to get up , I could not move . I look down and I see my leg bent backwards at the knee . and my shirt be cover in blcod ... ext . parker house - night gwen be fall from the tree in slow motion , splintering branch on she way down . . cornell ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) ++. and as I be lie there , wonder what come next , I hear a voice ... a crack of lightning light up the night . gwen 's eye be wide open and terrify , cornell ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) .+. it say , brother , this be not a way to live .. , . outside parker house , gwen land with a dreadful thud . all noise stop . she lie there , motionless , stare up at the rain pouring down on her with big , terrify eye . cornell ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) +. this be a way to die . and then , out of nowhere , two big strong arm reach down and pick she up . very slowly , she float upward . int . MAIN builoing - night the attendant look up to see '' steaoy '' edoie foy enter , with gwen in he arm . he 's late 20' , tall and muscular in that corn -fed , god-bless - american wa , wear a philly jacket , carry a philly duffel 's desk attendant can I help you ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : edoie I be Eddie foy , I be check in . desk attendant you can not bring a girl into treatment with you , Eddie . int . MAIN builoing , exam room - night gwen be on the exam table . Dr. stavros be wrapping she ankle . all she can hear be her own breathing . she see - she reflection in a glass door : she 's ina dirty t-shirt , with dirt in she hair and grass stain on she face . it 's like look at a different person . or . stavros it 's just a sprain . keep it wrap and stay off it for a few day . int . gwen 's bedroom - night andrea 's asleep . gwen hobble over to she bed on - crutch , the window be close . she sit across from it and stare at she own hollow and change reflection . ext . blue ridge - oay the sun be rise . a new day . int . gwen 's bedroom - day gwen be still in the same position . she have not budge . int . MAIN build , hallway - day Morning . Cornell come down the hall . he see gwen on the floor outside he door , stop . she force a smile . gwen question . what kind of person jump out of a building to get drug ? no answer , gwen make a buz game - show noise . gwen ( cont would ) ( very force ) I be sorry , out of time . the answer be , ding , ding , ding , the addict kind . no reaction . her force smile disappear . she close she eye and fight a fear that 's overwhelming she . gwen { ( cont have ) I do not want to leave . and it 's not because I do not want to go to prison . although -- I do not want to go to prison . it 's because I could have ill myself last night because I can not sit alone in a room without ... ( more ) ( continued ) 4 .. continued : gwen ( cont have ) ( beat ) . a human be should be able to do that . sit alone . be still . a human be should be able to breathe . she try to take a breath . it come out all erratic . - gwen ( cont would ) it can not breathe . ( beat ) i_know this be go to sound like a eleventh - hour ploy , but -- I think if it qo to prison , I will die . and the . only thing I know for sure be that do not want to die . so I be begging ou . I think I be begging for my life . lease let I stay . on cornell , think . int . group therapy room - day on evelyn , evelyn . wow. okay . so. lot of feeling in the room today . who want to start ? widen to see gerhardt , Daniel , Oliver , bobbie Jean , andrea and roshonda all stare at : gwen , sit among they . she 's still very shaky . oaniel ido . I be piss . evelyn okay , piss . good . why ? daniel because no fuck way should she be here , evelyn okay , but tell she . daniel no fuck way should you be here . gerhardt that 's right . there 's a rule . no use . you break it . gwen 's not really in fight shape . gwen I be ... sorry .. , ( continued ) 42 . continued : roshonda sorry my ass . all you have do since you get here be sit around while the rest of we work we butt off . gwen I know . I -- I -- I realize ... roshonda and now you expect we to be glad that they let you stay ? tear start to form in gwen 's eye . she struggle . gwen I do not expect , no -- gerharot I do not think you be give . I do not think you 's be a give person . gwen wipe a tear , try not to wither under the attack gwen I be -- I be try -- roshonda I be not even sure you have niceness . I do not feel niceness from you . gwen maybe I should -- ( to Evelyn ) should I find a different group ? daniel that 's a great idea . spread you negativity even farther . maybe , if you try , you can ruin the experience or the entire patient popu -- gwen lose the battle and break down . gwen hey ! I be having a bad day ! I be have the worst GOD damn day of my whole GOD damn life . so if it 's not too much to ask , would you all please just back the fuck off ! silence . then the room burst into applause . int . parker house , hallway - day Group 's over . gwen 's struggle on she crutch . as the other patient leave the room , they all offer a encourage word -- '' great release '' , '' excellent honesty '' . ( continued ) * 43 . continued : gwen watch they all down the hall . this be go to take some get use to . int . parker house , hallway - day as gwen come down the hall on she crutch , she see Eddie go into he room , in sweat . gwen on. hey. {he stop ) listen , I , um -- I should thank you . I mean -- this may sound -- I do not know -- but the truth be , last night ? it , um -- it ... change my life . Eddie look at she a moment , then shut he eye in frustration and bang he head against the wall . eddie aw , Hell . gwen Excuse I ? eddie please tell I we be safe . gwen what do you mean ? edoie ( take that as a no ) oh , great . fan-tastic . stupid -- nlook at she ) you 's be not , like , a paternity - suit kind of gal , be you ? Cause [ really - - I mean , man , that would just -- gwen nconfuse } what be you talk about ? the think occur to Eddie he may have read this wrong . eddie why ? what be you talk about ? gwen I be talk about last night . I be -- you do not remember last night , do you ? edoie I get a little fuck up on the plane . gwen of course you do . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 44 . continued : gwen ( cont would well , relax . it be not -- nothing happen . eddie you sure ? gwen i tend to remember thing like that . Eddie breathes a sigh of relief ed0 Ie . phew , thank God , ( off she offended look ) nothing personal . I just make this promise to myself . no more wind up naked with some girl , I do not even know what she name be . . gwen Noble goal . best of luck with it . she turn and head down the hall , away from he . edoie what be you thanking I for then ? gwen nothing . never mind . she hop away on she crutch , shaking she head . int . gwen be room - day gwen be sit on she bed . she grab she journal , open it up , and start write . gwen ( 0.s. ) Day 1 . my stomach hurt . my finger ache . my scalp be crawl off my head . ( beat ) if God exist , he 's get some explain to do . she put down she journal , then look around the room , her side be a mess . she hook a shirt with she crutch and start fold . int . gwen be room - later her room be clean . she 's back on she bed , wonder what to do now . after a moment , she open she journal up toa fresh page , stare at it , then start write . on the page : '' dear lily ... '' 45 . house , MAIN room - night ae as full patient , chat , laugh . it look lk -ocktail pare '' only instead of drink , everyone - ching a bag of candy like a highball . bathrobe -wear guitar guy be in the corner again , uck out that same depress riff . Eddie be seat -t a table , try to read he orientation material , but Daniel be get in he face . daniel it be the world series ! you do not get fuck up for the world series ! oliver ( to roshonda} ) but before open-heart surgery , well , that 's a different thing entirely . gwen enter with a letter in she hand , talk to no one . eddie hey , I say I be sorry , man , what do you want from I ? of ~ daniel the two thousand dollar I have riding } on that game would not hurt . gwen go to the outgo mail bin . over the bin be a sigan that read : '' you aooress here : blue rioge rehabilitation CENTER , p.o. BOX 6032 ... '' roshonda hey , Daniel , I get a idea . let 's see for once in you life if you can shut the fuck up . gwen write the return address on the letter , then put it in the mail bin . it 's address to '' lily Peterson '' , int . auditorium - night the audience be full of patient . a lecturer be show a diagram of the brain . gwen be seat , take note . int . group therapy - day gwen be seat between gerhardt and roshonda , who be arguing across she . a no -hold - bar scream match . gwen sit stock-still , try to stay out of harm 's way . ext . parker house - night on chant time . gwen stand in a circle with all the other parker House resident , self - consciously chanting along , feel like a idiot . 46 . ext . blue ridge , by the gym - Day Oliver be practice golf . whoosh . a nice drive into the lake . beside he , Daniel line up a drive and swing . shank . the ball careen off to the side . ~ oaniel cockfuckingsuckershit ! he hurl the club into a tree . nearby , about twenty patient , include some from parker House , be play volleyball . gwen ison the side of the court , icing she ankle , weit in she journal . gwen ( v.0 . ) Day 3 . for the first time in ear , my foot be not numb when I wake up . they hurt instead . be that better ? gwen glance up , see bobbie Jean make a spastic play for the ball . some player laugh . gwen do not react , gwen ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ..- I do not feel like I . I be not have fun . none of this be fun . gwen go back to she journal . her v.0 , continue over : int . gwen 's room - night andrea be asleep . the sound of running water again . gwen ( v.0 ) if you be not have fun ... int . gwen 's bathroom - night the sink be running loudly . gwen be pitting on the floor , look like hell , rock back and forth . gwen ( v.0.} ( cont would ) + ++ what 's the frigging point ? int . cafeteria - day Daniel , bobbie Jean , Oliver and gerhardt be eat . bobbie jean how many show a week do you do ? gerharot fourteen . two a night . it 's why I start with the speedy gonzale . to keep my energy up . at the salao bar , gwen be on one side , struggle with she tray and crutch . Eddie be on the other . ( continued ) 47 . continued : she reach for the dress ; a crutch clatter to the floor . as she bend to pick it up , she tray almost a eodie need a hand ? gwen ( furious ) no. I be fine . at the table , . conversation continue . bobsie jean Weil , just cause drug be involved do not mean you should not be proud of the work . daniel proud ? for waviag he u- Boat around in . public fourteen time a week ? bobbie jean his what ? oantel his dick . Jesus . oliver gerhardt 's a stripper , bobbie Jean . bobbie jean ( embarrassed ) on . I guess I do not realize that . gerharot I be a dancer . it 's a art form . bobbie jean I be sure it be . I be just not very artistically sophisticated be all . there 's a huge crash . they turn to see gwen , have drop she tray . she stare at the mess she make , then bolt from the cafeteria . ext . cafeteria - night gwen be head away from the building when bobbie Jean come out after she . she catch up . bobbie jean gwen ? come on back , darlin’ . I n'11 get you another tray . gwen I be not hungry . {continued ) 48 . continued : bobbie jean listen , I know how it feel to be all bang up with no one but yourself to blame . once , I get so drunk , I mistook we barn for the house . I wander into the bull 's stall and ~took off all my clothes . startle he so bad he kick my tooth out , she take out she four front tooth . gwen stare at she gap-tooth smile a second , then head back to the dorm - int . cornell 's office - day gwen be pace around Cornell 's office on one crutch , he 's sit at he desk , follow she with he eye . gwen Rehabilitation my ass . this -- she tug at she hospital id bracelet . gwen ( cont would ) this be a joke . there 's no treatment here . I be do everything I be suppose to , and guess what ? I be no better . for still can not sleep . my chest feel like I have be run over by a semi . I have no idea what to do with my hand , they be always in the way , I wanna fuck cut they off . and I know I would feel better if I could just have a drink , but I can not , ecause you will not let I , but you also will not make it so I do not feel this way , which suck . cornell just take it one day at a time , and -- gwen yeah , okay , what exactly be that suppose to mean anyway like there 's a alternative . like live two or chree day at a time be a option . the way you people talk -- cornell the language will start to make sense to you , I promise . gwen yeah ? well , that terrify I . I would rather be a drunk than someone who can say '' let go and let God '' without cring . Cornell lean back in he chair , take a look at she . ( continued ) 49 . continued : cornell how be you get along with you peer ? gwen great . yeah , I be building some nice relationship , especially with the homicidal psychopath surgeon . that be one special guy . cornell I want you to pick one of they to talk to about how you be feel . gwen I do not need a new friend , Cornell . I need something real -- a shot or a pill or a lobotomy -- cornell you can not do this alone . gwen well , I can not do it with anyone over at parker House , either , believe I . bunch of fuck lunatic . cornell the person who save my life be a 82 - year - old nun . we have nothing in common , but she be strong , and I could lean on she . ( beat ) find someone to lean on . int . gwen' bedroom - night gwen 's wide awake in bed , in a night panic , try to calm herself down . she sit up , grab one of the candy lie on andrea 's pillow . she pop it in she mouth , suck on it , then react - yech - and spit it out . int . parker house , MAIN room - night gwen enter . she open a cupboard and grab a box of Ginger snap . then see a glow come from the tv area . int . parker house , tv area - night Eddie 's on the couch , squeezing the rubber ball , stare at the tv . gwen pop she head in . he pause the tape . gwen ( cont would ) ( agitate ) I be sorry . I do not know anyone be -- I mean , do : I see the light from the tv , but -- what be you watch ? ( continued ) so . continued : am™ - eddie just game tape . the club send ‘em . gwen oh. huh . he take the tape out of the machine . gwen stand there watch he . feeling awkward . gwen ( cont no ) so , um -- you be a baseball pitcher ? . eddie yup. gwen that 's -~ I do not think I have ever meet a baseball pitcher before . I meet : spike Lee once . he go to a lot of 1 knick game . { I be a idiot ) io but I guess that 's ... different ... ; ( new tack ) : be you good ? i eddie a a yeah . when I be not jack up . , ) gwen what do you do ? eddie I be a pitcher . gwen no , I mean , drug -wise . edoie oh. Cocaine mostly , gwen I be booze . promarily : but I be not pick + if 11 do anything in a pinch . qual - opportunity abuser . Ginger snap ? eddie no , thanks . he point to a wad of tobacco in he lip , then head back to the couch and gather up he video . gwen ( cont ‘’d ) so -- what make you check in ? om eodie it get bad . { , ( continued ) sl. continued : ( 2 ) gwen yeah ? how bad ? eddie bad . ; gwen gimme a example . edoie how come ? . gwen I do not know . Cause it 's three in the morning and I have insomnia and it 's the subject we be on . he look at she . take a beat . eodie I blow game six of the World Series . then I wreck my car . then on Thanksgiving , my 8 - year old nephew catch I do a line off the bed of he tonka truck . gwen okay , yeah . that 's bad . but -- holiday -- everyone 's bad then . a few christmase ago , I peed in a box of kitty litter . eddie you what ? gwen at a party at my sister 's house . someone be in the bathroom . seem like a logical solution at the time . Eddie just look at she . she 's immediately embarrassed . gwen that 's -- a funny story . most people laugh when they hear it . he nod , then pick up he videotape , as if to leave . gwen I mean , I be drunk . it 's not like I do it all the time -- it be just ... be you go to bed ? eddie ( cont would ) yeah , I be pretty tired . night . gwen good night . ( continued ) $ 2 . continued : ( 3 ) she watch he go . after a beat , she follow he . int . parker house , MAIN room - night gwen come out just as Eddie 's climb the stair . gwen you carry I . he stop , turn back to she . eodie I what ? gwen what I be thanking you ' for . you pick I up off the ground . in you arm . you carry I inside . ( beat ) it be nice . it be maybe the nicest thing anyone 's ever do for I . ( beat ) so ... thank you . edoie yeah . no sweat . he look at she a beat , then head on upstairs , leave gwen all alone . ext . parker house - day cold winter rain . everyone 's indoors . int . parker house , MAIN room - day Betty click on she PA speak into the microphone : betty mail 's here . patient thunder in from all direction and descend like on a table cover with letter and package . -- daniel get about twenty carton of cigarettes . -- bobbie jean get cookie , which she share . -- oliver get a package from Zabar 's : smoke salmon , caper , caviar , pumpernickel . -- eddie get more videotape . ~- andrea get a greet card in a red envelope . nothing for gwen . she wander over to Betty 's office . gwen the outgo mail do go out , right ? ( continued ) $ 3. continued : betty no . we just call it outgo to mess with you . gwen because I send something , and -- Betty close the door on she . gwen ( cont ’d} -- yeah , thanks for you help . . int . launory room - night gwen and andrea be do Laundry . andrea be look at . a family christmas card loto : andrea be the oldest of four kid sit with they mother . gwen peek at it . yeah . it 's we Christmas can gwen you mom 's 's andrea she use to be prettier . now she 's always tired . he 's a nurse , so she work , like , crazy hard and pretty much always smelis like the hospita {beat} what 's yo : gwen not much . she die when I be five . so you be raise by you dad ? gwen no , he split before my first birthday . my sister and I kind of shuttle around between cousin . andrea no wonder you be so hostile andrea pick up she laundry basket and exit . int . group therapy room - day Evelyn be arrange six chair in the middle of the room . evelyn you cruise ship have sink ; this be the only lifeboat leave . it hold six ... {continued} s4 . continued : she look at she group : bobbie Jean , andrea , gerhardt , Daniel , Oliver , Eddie , roshonda and gwen . evelyn ( cont would ) ++. and there be eight of you . decide who get the seat . go. Evelyn sit . a awkward beat . speak up . andrea ay , $ of -~ remember in the Titanic ? everyone keep run around yell woman and child first . ( look around smile ) oh , gee , look , there 's only one person ere who 's both that thing . da you do not get save just because you 's be young and female . that 's retrogressive bullshi anorea if we get strand on a island , who else be gonna propagate the species ? I be young , if have all my fertility 3 i £ we future . oliver that 's more than a little scary . nobody raise any more objection . andrea take a seat . oaniel ... well , obviously , I get a seat too . roshonda why obviously ? daniel who else here have revive a clinically dead patient with heart massage ? {no answer ) all right then . Daniel take a seat . andrea if Daniel 's in the boat , roshonda have to be . she 's the only one who can talk sense to he . oa oh , no . I do not want my seat to be because of he . I wanna be there on my own merit . evelyn excellent , roshonda . ( continued ) continued : $ $ . ( 2 ) daniel which be ... roshkonda Leadership ability . I be good at motivate people . that 's just as important as heart massage . daniel ha . bobbie jean she 's right . six addict on a boat be definitely gonna need supervision . everyone agree that roshonda deserve a seat . she sit . oliver well , look , I can not do a damn thing . but my family 's worth 300 mile , and I be the only heir . they have keep look for I forever . daniel finally a compelling argument , sit. Oliver sit . there be two seat leave . gerhardt , bobbie Jean , Eddie and gwen look at each other . bobbie jean I think it would be best if I go down with the cruise ship . evelyn the point be to get in touch with you strength , bobbie Jean . what make you valuable as a person . bobbie jean I realize that , and one of my best asset be levelheadedness . here be no way a 67 - year old diabetic with arthritis should be on that boat . she sit with Evelyn , leave gerhardt , Eddie and gwen . eddie I get a 99 - mile - an- hour fastball . everyone look at he blankly . Eddie think some more . eddie ( cont would ) plus I wrestle a bear in a bar once . daniel who win ? ( continued ) 56 , continued : ( 3 ) edoie me. roshonda sit right here . any shack come by , you just punch he in the mouth . Eddie sit . gwen and gerhardt look at the last seat . oantel great . that leave we with Linda the lush or the solid gold dancer . gerharot oancing be a very important art form . daniel not on a boat , shit for brain . gerharot you might wash ashore , shit for brain yourself , you will need to keep fit somehow . daniel okay , that 's it . no way . you be definitely too stupid to be save . roshonda one more personal attack , Daniel , and I be throw you overboard . - anorea J ; ro see ? she 's already kick he ass . roshonda ( to gwen ) how about you , girl ? what can you do ? they all look at gwen . she squirm under they gaze , to ? try to come up with something . everyone wait . gwen to + - this be not -- my kind of thing . evelyn just answer they question . what be you good at ? there 's a long silence . roshonda come on , girl , you can think of something . gwen think , almost say something , but finally : ( continued ) $ 7 , continued : ( 4 ) gwen nothing . sorry. {beat} bon voyage . she go and sit next to bobbie Jean . int . parker house , MAIN room - night patient be chat , read , do workbook . guitar guy 's in he corner , do he thing . . on one side of the room , gerhardt be show bobbie Jean how to dance like he do in the club . . ext . parker house , porch - same gwen be sit alone , try to write she column . but she can not focus . finally , she get up and go to : int . campus store - night gwen make she way over to the self -help book and look they over . she lock in on one : '' how to be you own best friend . '' she take it off the shelf . from behind she : eddie hey . gwen jump and try to put the book back , but just end up knock they all over . Eddie come over to she . eddie ( cont ’d} even I coulda come up with at least three thing that be good about you , and I only just meet you . he pick up the book , hand it to she , then head out . ext . blue rioge , parking lot - day car be fill up the lot . another visit day . int . gwen 's room - day '' how to be you own best friend '' be on gwen 's nightstand . gwen be make she bed extremely neatly . andrea emerge from the bathroom . she 's cut off she bleach hair , comb the dark root into a bob , and take out the eyebrow ring . she look adorable . andrea ( self -con {more ) ( continued ) ~ I 58 , continued : 2 I . andrea ( cont would ) listen , could borrow some clothes or spaesh ? my mom 's come today , aad she 's alf freaky about how I dress . gwen turn to she , gwen will you let I wear that jeans of vourst '' the niggy one andrea sure , that would look good on you . ext . parker house , porch - day gwen , in andrea ' 's jeans , be pace around the porch . she look around the visitor-heavy campus and see : * Oliver with he father , a stern , 60 - ish statue of a man who 's write Oliver a check without look at he . * Eddie walk by with a very slick man in a italian suit and sunglass , carry a briefcase . * roshonda 's three kio run toward she . they jump all over she . her ex-husband watch froma distance . gwen hear a match strike . she turn to see Daniel alone in a corner of the porch , lighting a cigarette . gwen hey , wanna give I one of that ? oaniel get you ecwn . gwen you be just a walk advertisement of how not to be , you know that ? daniel you be no personality primer yourself , babe . just then , jasper bound up the stair , carry a balducci 's bag . jasper there she be ! there 's my girl ! he throw he arm around she , just like the last time . they tumble to the ground , but this time , gwen wince . gwen ow -- jasper -- he plant a huge kiss on she lip , then smile at she . jasper so s® so so so 80 sorry . $ 9 , ext . blue rioge ground - day gwen and jasper be walk down toward the lake . he have a carefree , jaunty air about he . > jasper ++. $ 0 I be crossing the lobby , and I pass Mrs. lefkowitz from downstairs -- gwen the non-talker . jasper yeah , five year , not a peep . and she stop in she track , look at I , and . say , in this thick yiddish accent '' thanks God you get rid of the girl . she 's 's nothing but bad news . '' he laugh . gwen stop walk . gwen that 's not funny . jasper sure , it be . gwen no. jasper . anonymous stranger think I be bad news be not funny . jasper it be , believe I . everyone I have tell have laugh really hard . he take she hand and keep walk toward the lake . ext . on the lake - day gwen and jasper be out on a rowboat . she 's read she column in the weekly . he 's unpack the bag of food . jasper read like you be there , do not it ? gwen yeah . do not make my job feel very important . jasper it be not important . have some cheese . gwen take a cracker . jasper hand she a roll . jasper ( cont would ) no , have it on a roll . ( continued ) 60 . continued : gwen no . no bread . I be get fat . ; jasper it 's better with bread . gwen not if I do not want bread , it be not . jasper come on , just have the bread . he try take she cracker , but she will not let go . | gwen ' jasper , I do not want the bread ; I want this cracker . jasper Fine . I will have the bread . break it open for I , will you ? gwen no . what 's you problem ? '' of ~ jasper just break open the bread . she take the roll from he . open it up . stare at it . a diamond ring have be baked into it . gwen what be this ? ( beat ) jasper , this be a ring . jasper yup . gwen stare at the ring in the bread . gwen a diamond -- be you ... propose ? jasper yeah . I be . gwen I be sorry -- you be propose to I ? in rehab ? jasper I be propose to you now . you happen to be here . gwen yeah , but -- '' how would he ask ? '' '' well , he come down to visit I in rehab ( continued ) 6l. continued : ( 2 ) jasper okay , it 's not a moonlight and maui -- gwen where be you think we would get marry ? mcsorley 's pub ? jasper I think it would make a great story . gwen I have enough storey , jasper ! I do not want any more storey ! I want a beat . he 's stung . jasper huh . I guess that 's what I think I be offer . they bob in silence for a bit . he reach for he thermos and start unscrew the top . gwen what 's that ? jasper Champagne . I bring it to go with the proposal , think -- wrongly -- that this might be a romantic moment . gwen I be not drink . jasper that do not mean I be not go to . gwen it 's not allow , jasper I be not a inmate here , gwen . gwen patient . this be a medical facility . we be patient . jasper Fine . patient . whatever . he take off the thermos top and start to pour , but gwen grab it from he and throw it overboard . splash . he watch it glub down to the bottom of the lake . jasper this be so not how I see this whole thing play out . he 's hurt . gwen take a deep breath , frustrated . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) gwen I be sorry . I be sorry . I be ... confuse . jasper what about ? gwen about ... I . about why I be how I be . why my rent be always late and why I have have credit card cancel and my driver 's license revoke and why I lose everything and why Mrs. lefkowitz think I be bad news and why I be . jasper . you be in a rut . happens to everyone . gwen no , it do not . there 's a world of people out there who do thing right . ive right . they do not do drug , and they do not drink , and they be happy . jasper that 's a crock of shit . no adult human be be happy ; people be bear , they have a limited time during which they go around think life be dandy , but then inevitably , at some point , tragedy strike , they heart get break for the first time , and they realize life equal loss , and the point of the game be to minimize the pain cause by that equation . some people do it by have kid , or make money , or take ue coin cotlect and tell themselves they be really jazze because they snag a rare 5th century french sou . and some do it by get waste and let reality recede into deep focus every now and again . it 's all the same . gwen nobody get hurt if you collect coin . jasper tell that to the lady whose husband spend last month 's rent on that french sou . everybody hurt everybody . it 's the human condition . ( beat} do not let they tell you there 's something wrong with you when there be not , gwennie . you be fine . gwen I do not feel fine . ( continued } ~~ ) } i la j ) | on continued : ext . blue 63 . ( 4 ) jasper of course you do not . look around you . you 's be in '' deliverance '' country with extras from a fellini film . it 's hybrid cinematic hell . _ ( gwen smile ) and you be not with I . I do not feel fine this day , either . and I think that mean we belong together . you be mine . I be yours . we be each other 's . his and hers towel . share and share alike . all for one and one for all . United we stand . I love you . { gwen smile more ) damned if I '11 take a brand new thermos out on a boat with you again , but I do love you . ridge , parking lot - night they 's be by jasper 's rental car . gwen be flipping through another bogus column she 's write . he hold gwen it might not be long enough . if it 's short , will you pad it ? jasper on one condition . gwen what 's that ? jasper that you give it some think . out the roll with the ring in it . she take it . gwen why do you want I , jasper ? jasper what do you mean ? gwen what be it about I that you want to spend the rest of you life with ? what do I do that earn I the oxygen I breathe ? what 's good about I ? he shake he head with a small laugh and kiss she . jasper you nre a trip , you know that ? then he get in the car and drive off . 64 , ext . parker house , porch - night Eddie be sit with a manila envelope in he lap . gwen come up the stair . . gwen Visitors ? eddie my agent . . gwen ( point to the envelope} present ? edoie just -- business stuff . endorsement offer . '' gwen good one ? edoie I do not know . it 's hard to tell , from here . what 's a good deal and what 's just gonna mess you up more . gwen yeah . I know . she start to go inside , then pause at the door . gwen ( cont would ) hey , can I ask you something ? what be that three thing ? about I . in the store -- edoie I know what you mean . ( beat ) one be , you be real smart . ( more think ) two be , you get a damn good sense of humor . he look at she in the lamplight , mist in she hair . eddie ( cont have ) Three be ... he trail off , still look at she . gwen Three 's what ? he think . almost say something once ... gwen ( cont would ) what 's three ? ( continued ) 65 . continued ; +. but instead of answer , he get up , open the door then take another look at she . edole I will catch you later . and he go inside . gwen watch the outer door slam behind he . then after a beat , head inside herself . int . gwen 's room - night gwen enter and flop down on she bed . as she lie there , she hear whimpering come from the bathroom . gwen andrea ? gwen go to the door . listen . more whimpering . gwen ( cont have ) andrea ? be you okay ? more soft crying . gwen slowly open the door . gwen { ( cont have ) } andrea ? hey , be you -- but she stop short when she see : andrea on the floor , crying , with streak of blood come from cut on she thigh . there 's a razor in she hand . gwen ( cont ' have ) oh my God -- what be you -- andrea look up at she . uo anorea she do not co who ? gwen oo ? ae andrea i wait all day . for cut my hair for er . gwen oh , you -- oh , look , she probably have to work , or -- andrea she hate I . I make she embarrassed . you mother do not hate you . she love you . she send you that great Christmas card . ( continued ) continued : ior 7 of andrea my sister send that . andrea start heavin wen take the razor . ~ gwen okay , look -- I be gonna go get someone , okay ? i’1l be right back . but Andre gwen start to e crab she leg . anorea no . do not tell anyone . ' gwen ) andrea , com .~ this be serious . ' anorea no . they will kick I out . please . I not get kick out again . gwen think , then reach out and turn on the bath . int . gwen 's room - night 1 | '' ~~ gwen lead andrea out of the bathroom . there be thin y red line from the cut on she thigh . gwen help andrea ' into bed , then pull the cover up over she . | andrea see desk . - andrea hey , how would you make that ? gwen the gum chain ? ( andrea nod ) oh , every girl need to know how to make a gum chain . she find some gum wrappers and go over to andrea 's bed . she hand she a wrapper . gwen ( cont have ) fold it and tear it , like this ... andrea follow with she own gum wrapper . gwen ( cont have ) then again . then take one of the piece , right , and fold it again ... she make the paper strip into the requisite V -shape . andrea do the same with hers . gwen ( cont have ) then just slip it in . ( continued ) 67 . continued : gwen add she piece to the chain , then hand it to andrea . gwen watch as andrea try to figure it out . gwen ( cont have ) you look really pretty today , you - know that ? ext . blue rioge - day early morning dew . the sun just peek over the horizon .. int . gwen 's room - day the gum chain be now about fifteen feet long . gwen 's still on andrea 's bed . andrea 's look at the ring . anorea be he a drunk ? I do not know . maybe. om anorea then you have to say no . it 's just like barian and falcon . he be addict to gambling and even though she completely , completely love he , to walk away . gwen anorea from '' Santa Cruz . '' it be more complicated for they , cause it turn out they be half - brother and sistep , arian do not know that when andrea hey , a show do not stay on the be or eighteen year by be pi there 's a knock . bobbie Jean poke she head in . bobbie jean ( 0.5 . ) wakey , wakey , rise and shine ! ... they have hear she . bobbie jean , gwen and andre , andrea get up and head into the bathroom . gwen watch she go , then a seriousness come over she . ( continued ) -_--— 68 . continued : gwen hey . if you exist -- go easier on she . she 's just a kid . int . parker house , hallway - day gwen and andrea come down the hall in hiking clothes . Oliver 's door open and a woman come out , tousle , bid e , t he good - by en scurries down the hall . gwen . he be just lend she he Big Book . andrea ts that what they call it . on Avenue ? ext . blue ridge mountain , hillside - day the glorious expanse of the Blue Ridge range at morning . pale blue sky , thick blue-ish pine tree . God 's country , oliver ( 0.8 . ) hello ! I be get blister ! ext . hiking path - day the resident of parker house be on a hike . Betty be in front , arcking a brisk pace . gwen and andrea be in back . right in front of they be Eddie . with he athlete 's ass . gwen find it hard not to look . oliver do you hear I ? I be definitely get blister ! betty nobody ever die of blister , Oliver . just quit whining and pay attention to the glorious world around you . gwen glance at Eddie 's 48 again . everyone else trudge along , head down . bobbie Jean be right 's behind Betty . bobbie jean you do not have kid , do you , Betty ? betty no . why ? bobbie jean emmett and I take we boy to the hill country every year . we earn the only way to get they to enjoy nature be to distract they away from it , betty be my guest . ( continued ) 7 69 . continued ; bobbie Jean clear her throat and start singing : bobbie jean I know a man , he name be gerhardt / hey lydie , lydie , lo / he 's get hair as pretty as a pear tart / he ydie , ydie , lo / hey lydie , hydie , lydie / hey lydie , lydie , lo / hey lydie , lydie , lydie / hey lydie , lydie lo . if know a girl , she name 's roshonda , tt 's a simple song . easy to pick up . roshonda join in . bobbie jean and roshonda hey lydie , lydie lo ... bobbie jean she 's get a figure like Jane fonda . roshonda oh , I like that . bobbie jean and roshonda hey lydie , lydie lo . a few more hiker join in the chorus this time . chorus singers hey lydie , lydie , lydie / hey lydie , lydie , lo / hey lydie , lydie , lydie / hey lydie , lydie lo . : bobbie jean . I know a guy , he name be Daniel everyone hey lydie , lydie , lo andrea he bark louder than a spanie gwen pat she on the shoulder . gwen Nice rhyme ! everyone hey , lydie , lydie lo ... ext . blue ridge mountain , panoramic ~ day later . the haze be go . the only sound for mile be : everyone hey lydie , lydie , lydie / hey lydie , lydie , lo 1.1 ext . blue ridge mountain , on the path - day ( continued ) 70 . continued : it 's work . the group be move along at a good pace enjoy themselves , singing . 9 p 's everyone hey lydie , lydie lydie / hey lydie , lydie -- they fall silent as they round a bend . the mountain drop away and they be suddenly gaze at a magnificent vista with recede hill fade into the horizon . they . all stand there the vi awe . andrea man . I have no idea the world could even look like this . I mean , except for in commercial . a eagle swoops down about ont of they . ext . filling station - day a small rural station . a truck with a christmas tree be at the pump . a man in he 30' be pump gas into it . the blue ridge rehabilitation CENTER van pull into the station and stop . the door open . patient spill out . int . filling station - day two boy , 9 and 11 , be at the candy display . the younger Boy have a Atlanta brave hat on . Eddie come in , go over . - to the ancient attendant . eddie you get a key for the bathroom ? as the attendant go to get it , the younger boy spot Eddie and do a double- take . he nudge he brother . hat ? older boy what ? the younger Boy mouth the word , '' Eddie foy '' . older boy speak up , dipshit , I can not hear you . the attendant come back with the key . as Eddie take it and exit , the older Boy see he too . older boy Holy moley . that be Eddie foy ! int . service station , bathroom - day Eddie be pee in the urinal , whistling '' hey , lydie '' , when he hear the door OPEN and close . ' then nothing . ( continued ) v1 . continued : no other sound . odd. still peeing , he glance around to see the two boy , at the door , with huge smile on . older boy we be real big fan of yours , Mr. foy , int . filling station - day Oliver be buy a mountain of candy and chip . andrea be stoc ing up on gum . andrea 's '' lydie '' song . sh h 's gwen and $ sing the e@ have a cool , clear soprano , : gwen hey , you have get a great v ce andrea ~ yeah . iwas a soloist and everything ° in the school choir , I be suppose to sing '' oh Holy night '' at the Christmas concert , gwen no kid . andrea , that 's amazing . andrea no , it 's not . it would only be amazing if I be do it . gwen see the two boy , so excited , drag Eddie he over to they father , the man by the truck . ext . filling station - day Eddie 's signing autograph for they . younger boy you get a 2.23 era , you win 22 game last year , and you pitch a no-hitter against the brave on August 4th . edoie ts that right ? younger boy yup . I know , cause I be there . he hand they the autograph , older boy hey , Eddie , where 's you car ? T bet it 's the bomb . the kid look around the station . the only other car be the Blue Ridge Rehabilitation cente rivan . the Father look at Eddie , realize . Eddie deflate . eddie tt 's , uh ... my car 's the Father shuttle he kid toward the car . ( continued ) ~ 72 . continued : father know what , guy -- we gotta get this tree home . say good - bye now . both boy reach out they hand , to shake , oloer boy Nice to meet you , Eddie . younger boy yeah , nice to meet you . Eddie shake they hand . eddie right . you too . the kid get into the truck . the Father climb into the driver 's seat and pull out onto the road . int , filling station store - day gwen watch Eddie watch the car drive gay : once it 's finally oue of sight , he head dejectedly toward the fill station store to return the key . when he see gwen watch he , he look away . he return the key without meeting gwen 's eye . int . parker house , MAIN room - day the mail table be full . stack of package , letter , christmas card . a big BOX from the philly for Eddie . the patient come in from the hike . gwen watch they all take stack of mail back to they room , finally , she 's look at a empty table . nothing for she , int . gwen 's room - day gwen enter to find andrea read a letter . she laugh at something in the letter . int . gwen 's bathroom - day gwen stand in the stream of the piping hot shower , int . parker house , hallway - night gwen go up _to the pay phone in she bathrobe . she make sure no one 's around , then take a phone card from she pocket , take a deep breath and dial : ring ring . lily ( 0.8 ) hi , you have reach the home of lily and Andrew . please leave acc just as gwen be about to hang up again , someone pick up . ( continued ) 73 . continued : . lily ( 0.8 . ) ( sunny and ringing ) hello ? hello ? sorry -- let I just -- turn this machine -- there . okay . sorry . hello ? : gwen hi. there 's silence . no reaction . . a darker tone . suddenly lily 's not so sunny and beat . gwen ( cont have ) it 's I . gwen . lily ( 0.8 . ) I know who I be . happy . lily ( 0.8 . ) ( cont would ) why be you call ? do you need money or something ? gwen no -- lily ( 0 .$ 8 .} Cause I be not give you any more money . ever . gwen I do not need money , lil , I be not -- I be just -- call . that 's all . { lily do not respond ) iwrote you . do you get my letter ? lily ( 0.s. ) yes . gwen do you read it ? lily ( 0.s. ) yes , I read it . yes , I get it . yes . then , cautiously : gwen I guess I be kind of hopin ou have write back . ping '' lily ( 0.8 . ) yeah ? and what be you kind of hope I would say ? congratulation on pu ling yourself together ? I be here £ you need I ? for have faith in you ? I love you ? that kind of thing ? -- ( continued ) 74 , continued : ( 2 ) gwen I do not ... know -- lily ( 0.s. ) ~~ because if that 's the letter you want , I be sure you can dig it up somewhere , I have write ft five or six time . I be not gonna write it again . gwen lean against the wall , weaker by the second , gwen it 's different this time . lily ( 0.8 . ) great . glad to hear it . gwen you do not believe I . lily ( 0.8 . ) . what difference do it make what I believe ? you be gonna do what ou 's be gonna do . right ? I mean , if there 's one thing I have learn ... {she stop herself ) you know what ? I be not gonna do this . I have people come over , I be cooking gwen I be sorry , I do not mean -- lily ( 0.8 . ) you never do . you never mean anything . ( beat ) I have get to go ; this soup be boil . ( beat ) there 's a limit , you know ? there be , the line go dead . gwen stand there , devastate , int . parker house , tv area - night Eddie 's slump down on the couch , stare at the tv. gwen wander in . he pause the tv . look up at she . gwen they 's be out of ginger snap . Eddie pick the ginger snap box up off the floor . gwen take it from he and sit next to he . she dig out a handful and sit there , crunching away . then , very slowly , gwen close she eye and lean she head over toward Eddie -- ultimately rest it on he shoulder . his eyebrow pop up , a little surprise . ( continued ) 75 , continued : they sit there , she with she head on he sheaider , eye close ; he sit there , eye wide open . sradually , she body soften . she start to relax . Eddie glance over at she . then he lift he hand -- so slowly and carefully , like a l3 - year old guy at the movie -- and place it gently on she head . her breathe become deeper and more peaceful . it 's like he 's lain a warm blanket over she . they sit there . until the pause on the vcr release . from the tv : landon ( 0.s. ) darian , wait . listen to I . gwen 's eye pop open . gwen what the Hell be you watch ? edoie nothing -- gwen grab the remote and hold it out of he reach . - darian ( 0.s. ) I never want to see you again , do you hear I ? never ! never ! never soap opera chord . '' Santa Cruz '' come up on the screen . gwen ( delighted ) Eddie foy , this be not game tape . int . cafeteria - day andrea be sit alone at a table , eat . nearby , gwen be push a very reluctant Eddie toward she table . eddie this be like blackmail or something . gwen that 's exactly what it be . do it or I tell everyone . he plop a bape in front of andrea . it 's label '' Santa Cruz , 12/16/99 '' andrea look at_i then scream . andrea where did you get that ? eddie oh my god ! sssh . gwen his mother send they to he . ( continued ) 76 , continued : anorea i. you watch ? you watch my soap opera ?? everyone in - feel they glare . i t they . Eddie get defensive , eddie ( to the room} I get pay three million a year to work every fifth day ! what the hell . else be I suppose to do with my time ? int . parker house , MAIN room - night in the tv area : the light be off . andrea be between Eddie and gwen . gwen be sewing button on her coat . they be watch '' Santa Cruz '' , share a bowl of popcorn . gwen look over at andrea , who have a look of pure bliss on she face , help herself to popcorn . gwen ( v.0 . ) Day 13 : one full day without pain . a first . maybe that 's what happiness be . the absence of pain . this clean feel . ( beat ) . . if God exist , he 's do all right . I give he a solid 8 . Eddie and gwen catch eye . they smile at each other . gwen ( cont have ) b-plus , ext . blue rioge rehabilitation CENTER - night the same taxi pull up the long wind drive . ext . parker house , porch - night close on some suitcase . evelyn ( 0.s ) I wish I feel good about this , Daniel . widen to see Evelyn , gwen , Eddie , and the rest of the parker House gather around Daniel . evelyn ( cont would ) holiday be so stressful . I would really like you to consider a halfway house with a anger maintenance Program , daniel I will be fine . I know what I be do . do not drink , qo to meeting , find a sponsor , ask for help . ( continued ) 77 , continued ; Daniel pick up he bag and walk off the porch , oaniel ( cont have ) do not drink , qo to meeting , find a sponsor , ask for help . of not drink , 49 to meeting , find a sponsor , ask or help ... ++. and disappear around the building . bobbie jean oh , boy , I hope he make it , oliver only 3 out of ten of we will . so , when you think about it , the odd of you and I make it be better if he go back to use . a ghoulish think . bobble jean I still hope he make it . ext . parker house ~ night light come from within . int . parker house , tv room - night gwen , Eddie , andrea and bobbie Jean be all watch '' Santa Cruz '' . Oliver come in and squeeze in next to gwen . he use the close quarter as a excuse to slip he arm around she shoulder . she give he a look -- never in a million year . oliver have I mention -- very , very rich . he 's kid . gwen laugh . ext . blue rioge - day a gorgeous winter day . Sun stream through the tree . betty ( 0.8 . ) ballot be in , vote be count , here be the result .. , int . parker house , MAIN room - night all twenty patient be gather in the Main room for a house meeting . Betty be read from a clipboard , betty New announcement Maker : William . applause all around . william , a large black man , groan , ( continued ) 78 . continued : william why I ? no mystery there . he have a gorgeous , deep baritone . betty New chore assigner : Oliver . more applause . Oliver stand , make little bow . oliver thank you , thank you . so proud . betty New human alarm clock : louisa . on another couch , louisa , a smoker ang old broad , wave at the room through a smoker 's coughing fit . betty ( cont have ) and new House nanny : gwen applause . on she couch , gwen be only half listen . tt take a moment for it to sink in . when it do : gwen okay , proof positive . you all be out of you fuck gourd . int . parker house , bobbie jean be room - day gwen be inspect . bobbie Jean and she roommate be there . the room 's immaculate . int . parker house , oliver 's room - day gwen be inspect . Oliver 's side of the room be a pig sty . Oliver shove a twenty into gwen 's fine jar . int . parker house , roshonda 's room - day while gwen inspect , roshonda eye gwen 's unkempt hair . finally she drag gwen into she bathroom . int . parker house , hallway - day gwen be continue she round with a new hairdo , stiff curl aplenty ; it 's one of that hairdos confident black woman can pull off , but white girl have trouble with . gwen self - consciously try to tuck a coil of hair behind er ear , but it pop out . she knock ona door . Eddie open it . he stare at she , then bust out laughing . gwen shut up . ( continued ) continued : eddie no , it 's ... it 's ... ( barely able to speak ) ++. keally nice , gwen can not help laugh along with he . gwen T look like fusilli . they both stand there laughing there asse off . int . parker house , eddie 's room - day bye and Eddie sit on the floor , spend from laugh 's ard . gwen I be start to think [ I be never gonna laugh again . eddie I too . gwen I use to laugh constantly . great big belly laugh . '' everything be funny . {beat ) God , I be gonna miss that . edoie know what I be gonna miss ? a cold beer after practice . gwen Red wine . eddie the first line . gwen be hysterically funny . eddie be super-human strong . gwen blame other people . eddie party . gwen happy hour . edoie Dancing on blow . ( continu : 79 . ° ed ) 80 . continued : gwen sex on speed . god. sex on speed . they both sit there , suddenly very depressed . gwen ( cont ' have ) maybe this whole thing be a mistake , maybe you and I should take off with this money , buy up a mess of drug and have belly laugh and fuck on speed and feel superhuman and ... just she peter out . they just sit there , miss thing . eddie okay , how about what we will not miss : gwen eddie hangover . hangover . gwen the shake . eodie paranoia . gwen vomiting . eodie nosebleed . gwen angry phone message . eddie Fucking up in a game . gwen Fucking up on the job . eddie Fucking up in bed . another beat . gwen disappoint my sister . eddie make my Mom cry . they sit there a bit . gwen i_ guess I can not remember the last happy hour when I be actually happy . ( continued ) 4 contlnubu : ( ec ) they take deep breath . then gwen look around the room . gwen ( cont would ) clean up you room . it 's a mess . int . parker house , MAIN room - night gwen and Eddie come to find a Oliver , roshonda , gerhardt , and two depressed patient in bathrobe scurrying around . bobbie Jean come by in she pajamas . bobbie jean Oliver get another care package . this one be from that fao schwarz store . roshonda gwen. Eddie . get you ass over here or [ I be gonna report you both for isolation . int . parker house , MAIN room - moment later flap ! a twister mat get laid out on the floor . edote aw , man , I hate this game . Oliver be at the control . gwen , Eddie , andrea , bobbie Jean , roshonda , gerhardt and the two depress patient be stand in they sock . Oliver spin . oliver Left foot ... seconol . all the leave foot reach for red dot . oliver spin again . oliver ( cont have ) Left hand valium . gerharot five milligram or ten ? oliver five . everyone reach for the yellow dot . bobbie jean no fair . all I do be drink . I do not know any of this fancy drug . Oliver spin again . oliver right foot ... cabernet . bobbie Jean slap she right foot on a red dot . ( continued ) continued : 82. bobbie jean ooh , that one I know ! int . parker house , MAIN room - later the twister player be tangle and in bout of giggle . gwen be stretch out , press against Eddie . they eye meet . something about the physical proximity ... oliver right hand ... xanax . everyone reach for blue dot . gwen 's hand land right . on top of Eddie 's . her finger slip through he . gwen | sorry -- eoore no problem . they stay the push up against each other , waitin for 's the next spine wait ae wait ... finally : 9 oliver Left foot seconol . bobbie Jean and roshonda foppie over , knock everyone else down . Eddie land right on top of gwen . they face be inch away from each other . as everyone untangle , Eddie and gwen lie there , he on top of she , a little breathless . finally : eddie like I say . I hate this game . he lift himself up off of she , take a deep breath , and head off to he bedroom . gwen just lie there . int . gwen 's bathroom - night the sink be run . gwen be stare at herself in the mirror through the steam . her reflection take a deep breath and look back at gwen . gwen 's reflection lordy . gwen shake it off and head out into the bedroom . ext . blue ridge , field - day the parker House patient be play football . Eddie and gwen be on opposite team . no though they 's be not play together , they keep catch eye . then look away . like they be connect by a invisible string . 83 . int . auditorium - day Cornell be on stage ; the audience be full of patient . . cornell lot of folk in recovery ask when 's a good time to start dating . gwen and Eddie be sit next to each other . not look at each other . cornell ( cont would ) here 's my rule of thumb . when you get home , buy yourself a plant . after a year , get yourself a pet . if , in two year , the plant and the pet be stiil alive , then you can think about a relationship . int . parker house , MAIN room - night the front door open and Betty come in , follow by a new female patient , vanessa . she 's around 30 , very hip . betty chore be post inside . vanessa I pay you a shitload of money . no fuck way be I do chore . Betty lead vanessa past the tv room , where about fifteen patient ( gwen , Eddie , Oliver , andrea , roshonda , bobbie Jean , gerhardt and guitar guy ; plus a few other ) be watch '' Santa Cruz . '' they all turn to scope out vanessa as she pass . roshonda pill . andrea booze . gwen Coke and sex . bobbie jean I mean it , that be not a nice game . int . group therapy room - day Group therapy . Evelyn be listen to vanessa . vanessa how do I feel ? how the fuck do you think I feel ? I feel like shit . evelyn do you want to talk more about that ? ( continued ) 4 . ' continued : , vanessa na. Evelyn nod , then turn to bobbie Jean . - evelyn bobbie Jean , you say '' worried '' . what be you worried about ? bobbie jean well , I feel a great deal of concern over the ring - in - a- roll guy . evelyn who ? bobbie jean | gwen 's fellow . gwen sorry -- my fellow ? I , gwen ? bobbie jean yeah . and the proposal in the bread . ' | | a gwen turn to andrea . ' gwen you tell ? | — andrea you never say not to . evelyn someone propose to you , gwen ? bobbie jean her boyfriend . on eddie , surprised . this be news to he . roshonda last visit day . out on the lake . gwen what do you do , put out a memo ? andrea this be group . since when do we have secret in group ? gerhardt be it sunset ? sunset on a lake be very romantic . oliver it be lunchtime . he bring a picnic . with wine . {continued ) : continued : ( 2 ) 85 . evelyn what ? bobbie jean I think it be Champagne . andrea no , wine . gwen if you be gonna tell a story , tell it right . it be Champagne . no we do not drink it . I throw it overboard . that do nothing to decrease Evelyn 's alarm . evelyn he bring wine . to someone in rehab . gwen he just -- he do not really realize , you know , what I be do here . gerhardt . if you be serious about get I rf~ sober , you love partner would know . oliver you must not be commit to you recovery . gwen do not you talk to I about lack of commitment , Mr. lend Library . evelyn we nre talk about you now , gwen . stay focus . bobbie jean gwen , you come in so nasty and unpleasant . and look at you now . okay , well , not right now , cause you 's be a little unpleasant this very second , but in general . you 's have become such a nice girl . I have hate to see you go back to how you be . gwen I be fine . grumble of disagreement around the room . evelyn you peer do not seem to agree . . gwen i yes , I hear that , Evelyn . thank you . ( continued ) continued : 86 . { 3 ) roshonda do not get nasty with Evelyn . she 's just try to help . gerhardt we be all just try to help . gwen do I ask for help on this ? for do not think I remember ask for help -- oliver I say she dump he . andrea hat 's what I say . heave-ho. roshonda I think you have to give he a chance to change . everybody deserve that . vanessa not my ex . evelyn we be taik about gwen , vanessa . gwen no , we nre not . this be not a grou decision . it 's my business . my life . roshonda hey . we put a lot of energy into that life in the last couple week . we get a say in how it turn out . gwen the only people who have a say in my life be the one who be in it . and none of you will be . when we leave here , we be never gonna see each other again . or if we do -- say I run into Oliver on the subway -- for guarantee we will pretend we have never meet . so , fine , tell I to give up drink or whatever , but do not you dare tell I to give up the one friend I have . because , know he 's not perfect . but that 's what jasper be . the one person t_know will show up on my birthday and say , I be glad you be bear . gwen storm from the room . in the silence that follow , we see Eddie , sit quietly , piss off . then : roshonda do she say jasper {continued ) b87 . continued : ( 4 ) oliver that 's what it sound like . roshonda then I be change my vote . lose he . no way be she marrying no . ext . blue ridge , on the dock - night full moon . the lake be still and bright . Eddie march down the dock carry the BOX from the oriole , all pert - up and mad . he rip open the box . it 's full of new baseball . he hurl one into the lake . splash ! he hurl another . splash ! hurl. splash ! hurl. splash ! there 's a violence to it -- like he 's throw punch . the ball detonate on the surface like little bomb . ext . blue ridge , on the dock - night Eddie 's look out at the hundred or so ball bob in the moonlight on the surface of the lake . int . parker house , MAIN room - day Betty 's arrange the mail table again . it 's full of stack . as the patient mill about , look for they mail , gwen come up behind Betty . gwen you do not have to do it like that , you know . you could put the mail in we room . or , if you do not actually want to move you ass , put it in one big heap and let we sort it out ourselves . there be plenty of alternative to this pile , line up on the table like a bar graph show the relative fullness of everyone 's life . I know my life be empty , I do not need you God damn stack to remind I . betty this be for you . Betty hand gwen a letter . ext . parker house - oay gwen come out of the house with the letter . it have the letter '' J '' scrawle on in the corner . she open it . a yellow post -it be on_a letter write on '' weekly '' letterhead . it say , '' this seem important . - jo she read the letter . it start : '' dear gwen , have try unsuccessfully to reach you by phone ... '' as she read the letter , she face fall . int . parker house , MAIN room - night a fake christmas tree have be set up . gerhardt , roshonda , bobbie Jean and Oliver be all look at it . roshonda custody of my kid . bobbie jean to lose ten pound . gerhardt sobriety . roshonda , we all want that , gerhardt , baby . think of something else . gerhardot then I guess , the abba box set . sobbie jean Oliver ? roshonda yeah . what 's the man who have everything want for Christmas ? Oliver take a long beat . oliver less money . everyone 's stunne . it 's the first sincere thing Oliver 's say . over the PA : william ( 0.s. ) Circle up for Christmas dinner . Circle up . ext . parker house - night the patient be in a circle say the serenity prayer . just as the chant start , vanessa slip into the circle beside Eddie . put she arm around he . parker house patient hey , hey , whaddaya know , pill and booze have got to go ! hey , hey , whaddaya say , sorer be the only may ! as they disperse and head toward the cafeteria , vanessa lets her ai linger invitingly on Eddie 's back before walk away . Eddie watch vanessa go , then head toward the main building alone . as he go , he look down toward the lake and see gwen sit on the dock . 89 . ext . by the lake - day gwen be on the end of the dock by herself . she 's fold the letter into a paper airplane . she hear footstep behind she , turn , and see Eddie walk toward she . she send eddie skip the big Christmas Eve dinner ? gwen can not take it . I have already hit my depression quota for today . the letter to he . he unfold it and read . edoie . . '' dear gwen , have unsuccessfully try to reach you at home , I be write you to inform you of we decision to terminate you '' whoa . fire . gwen axed . dumped . ousted . redline . eddie how come ? gwen because I write in my column that Drew barrymore be at a party she be not at , which would have be fine , except I say she be drink , and , as it turn out , she , like everyone else on Earth , be in recovery . so she 's suing they , and they be fire I . edoie hey . fuck ‘em . who need ‘em ? gwen ido . I have rent , credit card , bill -- none of which I can pay . eddie I could lend you some money . gwen '' I do not want you money . I want my money . I want to feel like a grow up . I want thing to stop get worse and start get better . eddie they will . you be gonna get another job , easy . ( continued ) continued : 90 . gwen right . [ 11 just send out business card that say '' alcoholic , libeious Party reporter '' and wait for the offer to pour in . bodie that ' 's not what you be . gwen actually , it 's exactly what I be . eddie no , look , you , fe smart and funny and real good - look and -- gwen you do not know I , Eddie . eddie yeah , I do . gwen no . you do not . I know I seem like I be all of that thing , but I be not . I be a terrible person . I have do terrible thing . eooie I know . you peed in kitty litter . gwen that 's the least of it . eddie what 's the most of it ? gwen do not answer . he sit down next to she . eddie ( cont have ) come on . what 's the worst thing you ever do ? {beat } tell I . maybe it will not sound so bad if you say it out loud . gwen it will . eoocie how do you know ? gwen ( snap ) because I do , okay ? because I be smart . so back off . he sit there a moment , then get up and head away from she . sut he stop before the end . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) edoie you know , there 's a real stick - up -ness to think you be the worst person on the whole damn planet . you think no one else have do the thing you do ? I throw up on the buffet at the cy tung award . I steal cash from my little sister to score some blow cause it be quick than go to the bank . I fuck the sixteen year old daughter of one of my teammate . so do not sit there feel sorry for yourself cause you have do some bad thing . we have all do bad thing . gwen I have do worse . eddie course you have . you be the best God damn addict there ever be . and he walk away , leave she alone . int . parker house , hallway - day gwen walk x B to she door and find it decorate with a lame , hanomade wreath , decorate with gum chain . int . gwen 's bedroom - night gwen enter to find andrea kneel over she bed , fussing with something . crin ! no . andrea bo not look ! crinkling . gwen what be you do ? gwen pause andrea nothing . just ~-- look the other way . gwen see andrea wrapping newspaper around a present . she finish it and stuff it under she bed . andrea ( cont have ) no peek . andrea get up dgue into the bathroom . gwen peek . tt 's a present . for she . gwen shit. 92 . 7 ~™ | , ba int . gwen 's room - night andrea 's asleep . gwen be go through she drawer , look for a present for andrea , she pull out a shirt . thinks . then shove the shirt back in the drawer . she look at andrea , mime strangling she in frustration . then she spot she journal on she bedside table and get a idea . he grab it and start write . int . gwen 's room - later gwen 's still write away ... int . gwen nos room - later + ++ and crossing out . and write more . int . gwen 's room - oay | 4 andrea wake up to see some some notebook page with a gum chain wrap around they like a ribbon , on she illow . a card on they read , '' merry Christmas , andrea . 4 ith Love from gwen '' . be asleep in she bed . . 1 andrea oo hey . what be this ? | ( sleepy ) slee merry Christmas . andrea flip through the page . andrea it look like lyric . : gwen it be lyric . ao anorea you write I a soi gwen a illustrious sing career have to start somewhere , andrea jump over to gwen 's bed and give she a big hug . gwen ow oo E. you be the best friend I have ever ha r~ ou know that ? yeah . get off my hair . ( continued ) 33 . continued : I , andrea here . open m < she dig out gwen 's present . gwen open it . it 's a picture frame made of gum chain . Inside it be a caricature . of and andrea . anore , ont " d ) to remember m by . who draw this ? me. you draw this ? andrea this be great . andrea smile wide . : gwen ( cont have ) you 's be a amazing kid , you know that ? and you be gonna be a amazing woman someday , too . you think so ? gwe , int . parker house , betty 's office - day a sign over the xerox read '' for official use only . '' gwen be at the machine , xerox , when Betty enter . betty hey . read the sign . Betty go to she file cabinet , start pull a file . gwen it 's Christmas , Betty . lighten -- she stop when she see daniel stand behind Betty , suitcase in hand , a cut under he eye . gwen ( cont have ) Daniel -- what happen ? he kind of shrug to himself , ashamed , mystify . daniel it suck out there . gwen look at he a beat , then give he a big hug . Betty slam the file cabinet shut . ( continued ) 94 . continued : betty I give you room away a long time ago , so do not even think of ask for it . they both laugh a little . share a look . gwen welcome back . int . parker house , MAIN room - day gwen be hand a xerox copy to roshonda . gwen ( cont would ) . you part 's highlight ... ext . parker house , porch - day gwen be hand a xerox copy to gerhardt . gwen '' ++. memorize it by lunch : int . cafeteria - day Breakfast . gwen give bobbie Jean a copy . gwen you part 's highlight . int . parker house , hallway - day gwen be at Oliver 's door : she 's hand a copy to vanessa , as Oliver , behind she , pull on he robe . gwen tell he to memorize it by lunch . int . parker house , MAIN room - day gwen be sit in the corner with guitar guy . try to teach he a new song , when she hear , over the PA : betty ( 0.s.} andrea . visitor in the Main room . gwen turn to see lucy delaney , andrea 's mother , wait outside Betty 's office . she 's around 40 -- blue collar , overworked , underpaid , exhaust . gwen go over to she . gwen Excuse I , be you andrea 's mother ? lucy yeah . gwen I be gwen . her roommate . ( continued ) 95 . continued : lucy oh. yeah , she mention you . gwen you have get a great daughter . really . : Lucy yeah ? so she 's do okay ? gwen she 's great . she 's work really hard , everyone love she , she 's -~ lucy really ? she 's really -- you think she 's all better ? . . gwen well -- I do not know about all -- from across the room : andrea oh my GOD ! mom ! andrea run across the room and throw she arm around she mother . gwen watch they embrace , then head away . int . cafeteria - day lunchtime , the cafeteria be packed with patient and there visitors . oaniel be sit with Oliver , vanessa and a few other patient . andrea be with she mother , talk animatedly . gwen stand on a chair and address the room . gwen Excuse I , everyone . merry Christmas . my name be gwen . ( then , it occur to she : ) my name be gwen , I be a alcoholic and a addict . everyone hi , gwen ! she laugh . gwen first time I have do that . what do you know . oh -kay . some of the resident of parker House have a little Christmas present for you . andrea , gerhardt , bobbie Jean , roshonda , Oliver , and guitar guy all converge on the salad bar area . ( continued ) continued : 96. gwen ( cont have ) yes , it 's true . just when you think we could not cause you any more pain -- rehab dinner theater . if you will all just direct you attention over to the salad bar . the group line up nervously , gigsie -> this be very unrehearse . gwen join they and nod at the guitar guy , who give they a beat . when he nod , they start singing . chorus singers qoga shaka , ooga ooga qoga shaka , ooga ooga ooga shaka , ooga ooga ooga shaka , ooga ooga as they continue , andrea acce forward and start sing , to the tune of '' hook on a feeling . '' andrea I got I a habit methamphetamine life be largely popping pill and making scene she sound great . guitar guy join in , give it a little more musicality . . : andrea but in rehab where there be no speed I learn that there 's more to life indeed the other all step up next to andrea and belt : all I-I-I-I- i'm hooked on a feeling i'm high on believe in my sobriety the audience be digging it . the performer loosen up , start dance , clap . it 's incredibly gueer . and fun . and -- who care what anyone else think anyway ? andrea kick into the next verse with a new exuberance , really sell it now . andrea mushroom , cocaine , ganja dust , heroin , booze there be not a substance I did not abuse lost a lot of car keys lost a lot of weight lost a lot of people who be really great but in rehab ( continued ) ~~ 97 . continued : { 2 } where you can ’t get orunk you learn to love live like a monk Lucy delaney look around the cafeteria , see digging andrea 's performance . she 's kind of confuse by it , like they be see a andrea she do not even know . all i-i-i-i-1°m hooked on a feeling 1 °m high on believe in my sobriety musical Bridge . guitar guy go into a solo . Oliver rab some utensil from the bar and add percussion . erhardt and bobbie Jean spontaneously step up and perform the dance step he 's be teach she . anorea but in rehab everybooy hug you learn that life better without drug all i-i-i-i-1°m hooked on a feeling I ’m high on believe in my sobriety . anorea yeah , I ’m hooked on a feeling and I ’m high on believe inn my sobriety . hooked on a_ feeling high on believe in my sobriety . huge reaction from the audience . lot of hearty applause and whistle . everyone 's delighted . ext . cafeteria - day show 's over . everyone spill out of the cafeteria . gwen come out with andrea and Lucy . andrea 's get the performer 's buzz go . andrea you really like it ? Lucy it be great , an. I be so proud of you . anorea really ? lucy absolutely . hey , what would you think about come home a little early ? ( continued ) mo ) continued : 98. andrea 's buzz fizzle a little . andrea early ? Lucy yeah . you be do so good now , maybe you do not have to miss the start of he semester after all . and a little more . andrea oh . hucy put she arm around andrea . as they pull away from wen lucy I talk to the principal . he say if you start on time and double up on science and make at least C 's in ggerych , you can qegduate on time . do not that sound like a good plan ? gwen watch they head off together . then she scan the campus , look for someone . int . gym - day Eddie be do curl . he 's all sweaty , as if he 's be work out forever . gwen enter . gwen hey . you miss the big song and dance show . eddie be not hungry . gwen you would 's have like it . it be good , clean all - american fun . he put down the dumbbell , grab he towel , to leave . gwen oh , come on , you can not still be mad at I . it 's not allow . eddie if I wanna be mad at you , I be gonna be mad at you , and there be not a damn thing you can do about it . he head out of the gym . she stand there a moment , hurt , then follow he . ext . gym - day as Eddie head away , gwen come out after he . he stop , gwen Fine ! you wanna know the worst thing I ever do ? the worst thing I ever do be take my sister 's we ding -- what should have be the best day of she life -- and turn it to complete 's . look back at she . gwen {cont ' have ) she be finally get what she want , you know -- what she deserve : family she do not have to be ashamed of . eople to belong to that make she proud : 11 she want be for th @ proud to belong to she , too . «+. fat fuck chance with I around . she sag under the weight of the memory . gwen ( cont have ) fuck . ( beat ) so ... now she do not want anything to do with I . and how can I blame she ? what have I ever do to deserve -- I mean , if you have this great new family -- this life , finally -- would you want to hang onto the disaster case -- the fuck embarrassment ou 's have be lug around you whole ife ? no. you would dump she . first chance you get . he see a overwhelming shame come over she . gwen ( cont would ) I mean , ged -- why would anyone want to be associate with a ugly person like I , if they do not have to be ? he step over to she . eddie gwen . you be not a ugly person . gwen yeah , what the fuck do you know ? eddie I know you be not a ugly person . ( continued ) 100 . continued : she look at he , see how wholly he mean it . it soften she . a rim of tear ecollece on she lower lid . Eddie wipe one away , then leave he hand on she cheek . they stand there look at each other . so engross they do not notice someone watch they . until that someone clear he throat . gwen and Eddie turn to see jasper stand nearby . gwen step away from Eddie . gwen jasper . wow , what be you -- I do not -- what be you do here ? jasper look from gwen to Eddie , and back again , jasper look for you . Betty the bulldyke say she think she would see you head this way . . gwen no , I mean -- I think you be -- what about visit you parent ? jasper oh , that . well , I realize , what with they both be completely senile , I could just call in a week , thank they for the great time , and they will think I make the trip . ( beat , point : ) see -- I think you might be lonely . gwen ( flustered ) oh , no , I -- this be just ... Eddie . Eddie 's here . I mean , he 's a patient here . he grow up in Oklahoma . jasper well . how do you do , Eddie from Oklahoma . I be jasper . he hold out he hand . Eddie shake it but do not say anything . do not like this threesome . eddie I should go . jasper oh , now I do not know about that . let 's think this through . {to gwen ) see , the way I see it , gwennie , we have two option here . ( more ) ( continued ) om ? ) continued : 101 . ( 2 ) . jasper ( cont would ) scenario number one : we let Eddie from Oklahoma head off to the shower to wash off all that very many sweat , and you and I have a nice little Christmas visit , maybe hum a carol or two -- basically bullshit we way through the afternoon . or , scenario number.two : we all acknowledge the awkward situation we find ourselves in here . ( beat ) preference ? gwen it do not know what you be talk about . jasper a clear vote for scenario number one . how about you , Eddie from Oklahoma ? Care to weigh in ? Eddie just look at he . jasper abstain . interesting . T guess that leave only I in favor of call a spade a spade , bay it all out in the open , if you will and sa ing , pardon I , 's ry but if it 's all the same to you , I have prefer it if you would not fuck my fiancée . : Eddie hold he gaze . get piss off . edoie you be way off base , pal . jasper do not call I pal . I be not you pal . and do not treat I like a idiot -- do I that one courtesy , please -- because I be not that either . I have get more brain cell than you entire red neck family all put together , so -- edoie okay , shut the fuck up . gwen jasper , do not be a asshole -- jasper ( sharp ) gwennie , do not be a slut . and on that , Eddie cold - cock jasper . punch he right in the face . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 3 ) gwen Eddie ! jasper go reeling and land at the base of a tree . gwen rush over to he immediately . it be a good , solid hit . his nose be bloody . jasper Fucking lunatic . Eddie stand there , hold he sore , redden hand watch gwen help jasper , who 's bleed all over he shirt . gwen fee3 up to Eddie , furious , and snatch he towel away . hen she go back to jasper , press the towel against he nose . Eddie stand there , watch , as gwen help jasper up . she shoot a livid look back at he , then lead jasper over to the Main Building . int . hallway outside dr . stavros 's office - day jasper be in a chair , hold a watery ice pack on he nose . gwen be sit across from he . he take the ice pack off he nose , look at gwen for a moment . they lock eye . neither 's anything . then he put the ice pack back on he nose and look away , ext . blue ridge , parking lot - night jasper 's tail light disappear down the drive . ext . parker house - night gwen sit alone on the step of the porch , look out at the lake . then she stand and head inside . int . gwen 's room - night the room 's empty . gwen enter , take off she coat , then head for the bathroom , kick off she shoe . int . gwen 's bathroom - night gwen reach behind the shower curtain and turn on the tap , then slip off she pants . while the water heat up , she tie she hair up in a ponytail . but when she pull aside the shower curtain , she find : andrea oead in the tub . it 's only then that gwen see the needle and the rubber strap on the floor . gwen oh -- oh -- she grab andrea out of the tub , slap she face . gwen ( cont would ) wake up . wake up . oh , God -- ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 103 . gwen ( cont would ) ( scream ) help ! somebody ! ext . parker house , hallway - night a few patient be come out of they room as Betty run down the hall , into gwen 's room . int . gwen 's bathroom - night Betty find gwen cradling andrea in she arm . the shower 's still spraying all over both of they . gwen do something . int . gwen 's bathroom - night gwen watch as betty urgently try to revive andrea . a few other patient be there as well . as Betty plug away on andrea 's skinny little body , gwen back away from the room , drench . int . parker house , hallway - night as patient come into the hall out of they room to see what the commotion be , gwen back away from the room . as she round a corner , she see vanessa come out of she bedroon , tie she robe close . and right behind she come Eddie , pull on he sweatpant . Eddie see gwen see he . she turn and walk away . ext . parker house - night a body bag be wheeled out of the dorm . the squeaky wheel carry it past gwen , who 's sit on the porch , with a completely blank expression . int . parker house - night House meeting . lot of tear and confusion . gwen sit by herself , isolate . not listen or participate . int . gwen ‘s room - day gwen watch Betty pack up andrea 's belonging . int . auditorium - day dor . stavros be lead a meeting . gwen be sit in the audience , stare into space , not listen . ext . parker house , porch - day gwen sit on the porch , watch , as a devastate lucy oelaney leave the Main Building with andrea 's stuff . 104 . int . cornell 's office - day gwen be sit on Cornell 's couch . he 's sit on the edge of he desk , stare at she hard . - cornell tf you do not deal with it , you will drink . and you do not want to drink . ( beat ) talk to I . but she do not budge . CUT to : int . parker house , tv area - night tne tv be on . infomercials . gwen be on the couch , stare into space . Eddie appear in the doorway . gwen do not look up . he go over to the couch and sit down next to she . she get up and leave the room . CUT to : ext . parker house - day the parker House patient be on the porch , say good - bye to roshonda . as roshonda pick up she bag and head for the taxi , we see gwen sit on the lawn , under the game tree she sit under she first day . ext . parker house lawn - dusk the sun 's set . gwen 's still sit there . across the lawn , she see someone come toward the dorm . it 's lily . gwen stand bo lily see she , pause , then head toward she . when she get there : lily hi. a awkward beat . lily hold out a small shopping bag . lily ( cont have ) I bring you ... fruitcake . gwen do not take it . lily suddenly feel so stupid . lily ( cont would ) fruitcake , God , what a -- ( beat ) I be sorry . {continued } 108 . continued : gwen no , do not apologize . lily no , I should not have be like that . so mean . so cold . gwen shake she head , not want this . scare of it . gwen it 's fine . lily it 's not fine . it 's wrong . but anything else just seem -- it 's so much easier to be mad . gwen ( fight hard ) no you should be mad . you should . m-- lily you 's be mess up . you be way off track . but you be my sister . and I should take care of you . I never take care of you . gwen look away , try to keep the tidal wave of emotion at bay . lily ( cont have ) I should have help you with you homework , you know ? should have let you play with I . I should walk ome with you after school . gwen start to cry . lily ( cont have ) sometimes I would be walk with my friend and I would see you , half a block ahead , all alone . you be so little . you must have be so scared . as gwen almost imperceptibly nod , she cry turn into a big cry . lily put she arm around she . gwen ifm so sorry , lily . lily I too , gwennie . I be sorry too . the big cry become a colossal cry . they stand there , rocking gently , as gwen sob and sob and sob . 106 . ext . blue ridge - sunset gwen and lily be sit against the tree . gwen I ipst want to be there , in the bathroom , when she 's tie that thing around she arm , go I can say , stop . for love you . do not kill yourseif , lily I have spend maybe fifteen year live a with chat feel . it 's a feel . gwen look at lily . see how hard it 's be . gwen I be sorry I have make it so impossible to love I . lily yeah . well . the thing I never tell you be , it 's equally impossible not to ove you . gwen rest she head on lily 's shoulder . CUT to : int . MAIN build , office - day a closet be open . it 's full of storage box . hand pull down the one mark : '' gwen cumming '' . int . gwen 's room - day another set of hand be pack a suitcase . in go the cel phone . in go the computer . the hand start to pet in the budweiser T-shirt . hen reconsider and throw i in the trash . ext . blue ridge campus - day the same taxi slowly make its way up the driveway . int . gwen 's bathroom - day gwen look in the mirror . her reflection just look back . ext . parker house , porch - day gwen 's bag be pack and on the porch , ready to go . 107 . int . parker house , live room - day Oliver , gerhardt , bobbie Jean , vanessa , Daniel , Evelyn and Cornell be all gather around , say good - bye . no Eddie . gwen be hugging bobbie Jean . there 's a honk . cornell do not want to miss you plane . gwen yeah . okay . she button she coat around she and head for the door .. everyone follow she out onto the porch . gwen ( 0.s. ) Day 28 . ... this must be how astronaut feel . float around in a alternate atmosphere . breathe different air . have you inner organ shift and shrink . .. ext . parker house , porch - day gwen pick up she bag . cornell 90 meeting in 90 day . and ask for help . it 's always there . . gwen nod , then head out to the parking lot . gwen _.. it feel nice , not have that dant tug of gravity pull at you . fice . but not necessarily real . ( beat ) if God exist , he will show I the frigging point . ext . parking lot - day gwen round the corner of the building and see Eddie , stand by the cab . she walk over to he . eddie I fuck up . I got_mad and fuck op : and I be real sorry I do . if I have it to do over , I never woulda end up . where I do . and if do that make I someone you can not stand , well -- there be not a whole lot I can do about it . but I think you should know -- that jasper guy ? I do not know he from Adam . ut I do know one thing . he be not what you think he be . ( more ) ( continued ) '' ~~ 108 . continued : eddie ( cont would ) he be not the only person who 's glad you be bear . then he take she face in he hand and kiss she , strongly , like it 's the last kiss he ' 1ll ever have . straight from the heart . eddie ( cont have ) bye . he walk away , leave she stand there , hold she bag at she side . int . AIR '' lane - night gwen be in she seat , head home . a flight attendant be stand next to she with the beverage cart . . gwen just -- some water . please . as the flight attendant pour she water , gwen look into the cart , at all that little bottle stare out at she . ext . new york - night festive . Christmas decoration still up . Seas of cab . int . new york taxi - night gwen 's riding across town , look out at New York . every bar have a neon beer sign , shine out at she . thex come to a stop outside a bar . gwen see a pretty young blonde sit in the window , drunk . as gwen watch , the woman slip off she barstool . the light change . the cab pull gwen away . int . gwen 's apartment - night it 's dark . the door open and gwen drag in , with she bag . when she turn on the light , she see ... the apartment be clean . thing put away , tidy up . gwen see a note stick on the fridge and go to read it . lily ( v.0 . ) there 's lasagna in the freezer and clean sheet on the bed . if also go ahead and throw away all you liquor and drug . figure you would not mind . call when you get in . Love , lily . gwen look in she fridge . it 's full of food . she stand there in the kitchen , not know what to do . her eye drift toward a cupboard . she open it . it 's empty . just round dust ring where bottle use to be . ( continued ) I 109 . continued : she go out into she main room and open up a cupbo. out there . look in . the same dust ping . phoard int . gwen 's bathroom - night she wander . in , open she medicine cabinet . no drug . she shut it , then stare at she toilet . she go over to it and lift the heavy ceramic lid off the back . there , bob in the tank , be a bottle of scotch . gwen stare at it long and hard before move . then she lift it out of the tank and shake the water off of it . outside , a siren wail by she window , fill the room momentarily with swirling reo ano slue light . she sit on the edge of the tub and slowly unscrew , the top of the bottle . he take a long lock down the neck ... -.. and pour the scotch into the toilet . she flush as she pour , so it disappear as quickly as possible . ext . gwen 's apartment - day a brisk winter morning . it 's early -~ trash truck be beeping up the street . gwen emerge from she buildin and look around . the first day of the rest of she lite . she bundle she coat around she and head down the street . ext . broadway - day gwen come around a corner , keenly aware of everythin and everyone around she . the traffic noise , the subway rumbling , the steam hiss out of the sidewalk . it 's all familiar and unfamiliar at the same time . as she 's about to cross the street ... voice watch it ! ... @ bicycle group zoom past her , make she jump back onto the sidewalk . she stand there , she heart thumping , as ghey zip past . when they be all go , she wait for the light , then cross Broadway and head toward a newsstand . when the crusty old vendor see she come , he grab two papers for she -- she usual . vendor hey , lookit who 's up before lunchtime . gwen yeah . New routine . early to bed , early to rise . vendor New Year 's resolution ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : gwen something like that . as he take she money and make she change : vendor tell I something , willya ? every year , we all make that God damn promise to ourselves . and every year , we all break ‘em inside of a week . why do we even bother ? gwen ( discomfite ) I do not know . hope ? vendor . hope shmope . it 's cause we be ail fuck idiot . you have a good day . he give she she change . gwen yeah . you too . she head off , slightly deflate . ext . gwen 's STREET - day gwen be walk back to she apartment , puggting a coffee , a bagel , and the papers in she arm . she 's try to eat she breakfast , read the paper , and walk at the same time . as she near she apartment , she see feet and flowers stick out from behind the newel post of the stoop . someone sit there . she slow . as she get closer , she see who it be . jasper . she stop . he see she . jasper welcome home . he stand , hold out the flower . jasper ( cont have ) rose . completely not ny style . meant to represent my ability to change . eat ) symbolic . get it ? gwen just look at he . say nothing . he stand . jasper ( cont have ) all right , so -- you be wonder how to handle this . for I can make a suggestion : again , I see two option . one : you pretend you do not see I , walk on by , and start you life anew all by yourself . ( more ) ( continued ) lili . continued : jasper ( eont have ) or two : you allow yourselft to imagine a different life with I . one in which sparkling cider figure prominently . in which '' hi '' be a salutation , not a state of mind . in which we eat leafy green and get eight hour sleep and buy run shoe and finally find out what all that endorphin hoo - ha be about . we will arrive at party sober , not break a thing while we be there , and leave well before thing get very ; we will tell the truth and pay bill and do laundry and be on time and return library book and floss and replace toilet paper roll and deduct ATM fee from we check account . we will be like normal people . gwen you hate normal people . : jasper no . what I hate be be without you . whee I hare be not hearing you laugh . ea you do not really want to do this alone , do you ? ( beat ) put I in , coach . I be ready to play . she can not help smile . she take the flower from he . ext . new york STREET - night a busy night scene . shopper , commuter , cab . restaurant . jasper ( 0.s. ) here we go . horse trainer . int . damiano 's - night a smoky clubby italian place . gwen and jasper be at e e the tal int window . he 's read the classified . gwen me? jasper yeah , can not you see it ? you , with the high boot , and the whip thingy , and maybe a german accent ? gwen ( with a laugh } fuck you . ( continued ) 112 . continued : jasper ( german accent ) Ze pay , she iss wery goot . gwen '' stop it , look under the R as. reporter . or journalist . jasper journalist . J. as he flip ahead in the classified , a waiter come over to they table , bring they menus . walter ' signore , signorina , something from the bar ? gwen pellegrino for I , please . jasper yeah , two of that . the waiter head off . jasper ( cont have ) ah-hah ! gwen journalist ? jasper jousting specialist ! gwen jasper -~ jasper it have be great . you could work the Renaissance Fair circuit . have you own Little madrigal outfit . laugh , she grab the paper away from he and hit he with it . gwen asshole . ext . damiano 's - night gwen and jasper be wind up they dinner . they be still have a good time . it 's animated and relaxed . a thirtysomething couple , marty and elaine , spot they from outside the restaurant . they knock on the glass . gwen and jasper see they . jasper wave they in . 113. int . damiano 's - night marty and Elaine enter and join gwen and jasper . hug all around . a chorus of '' how be you ? '' " 's . jasper grab a chair , God , it 's be -- elaine forever , I know . marty 's be out of town and I have be finish my -- she stop short , stare at gwen . elaine do you get a face - lift ? . jasper she quit drink . marty and Elaine laugh , not believe it for a minute . marty wave at the waiter . . marty signore -- house red -- gwen smile tensely . four wine glass clink down on the table . while jasper , marty and Elaine all talk at once -- the animated loud chatter of old friend -- marty fill all the glass up . jasper look at she for permission . jasper one glass be cool , right ? on the spot , she shrug a little . what the heli . jasper lift he giass . she do not touch hers . another bottle landing on the table . refill . so much for just one lass . jasper keep drink . gwen watch he . it 's like he 's float away from she . someone deliver a punch line . marty , Elaine and jasper all crack up . still not drink , gwen try to laug along , but it do not seem that funny to she . they seem like they 's be have a much better time than she be . another bottle arrive . as jasper pour , he knock gwen 's glass of wine onto the table . it 's hysterical . jasper , laine , and marty all laugh , no one notice that half the glass have spill into gwen 's lap . she look around at they while she pat she skirt dry . suddenly they look awful . leaden , messy . '' ( continued ) 114 . continued : like a bunch of sloppy , pathetic drunk . she feel they chaos close in around she and start hyperventilate . jasper put he arm around she as he launch into a story . gwen feel the weight of he arm , he boozy breath in she hair . she suffer it a moment , then stand . gwen be right back . she grab she bag and coat and get up from the table . after a moment , jasper look up from he wine and see gwen walk by the window of the restaurant . he get up . and follow she . ext . damiano 's - night gwen be a few pace down the block when jasper come out of the restaurant in he shirtsleeve . . jasper hey ! hey -- gwen stop , turn . jasper ( cont have ) what 's -- where be you go ? gwen it gotta go . jasper hang on , come here -- gwen no , I gotta go . jasper why , cause I have two glass of wine instead of one ? all right . lesson learn , it 'il never happen again . now let I just go in pay the bill , . grab my coa and we will -- gwen no . no , yu go back . you be have fun . I / 1l just ... jasper what ? what 's be you gonna do ? gwen I do not know . something else . jasper something without I . ( continued ) 115 . continued : gwen you have all the right intention , jasper : ina perfect world , that would be enough . but -- she trail off , shake she head , and turn and start away from he . jasper gwennie -- but she just bundle she coat tighter around she . and hurry down the sidewalk . when she round the corner , she slow , suddenly catch by a overwhelming loneliness . she sit next to a homeless woman at a bus stop and start to cry . : CUT to : ext . new york , midtown - day summer now . heavy air , hot pavement . lot of traffic and noise . ext . midtown build - day a office building . gwen ( 0.58 . ) and how old be you father when he pass , mar 's be ? int . newspaper office - day a rinky -dink office . for a cruddy paper . as we move down a row of crappy desk , we hear : gwen ( 0.s8 . ) would you like I to indicate the cause of death ? ... well , we could just say something like '' natural cause '' or '' after a long iliness '' ... we find gwen , slump at a desk , she head lean heavily in she hand , take note while she talk on the phone . gwen { ( cont have ) Long illness , great ... no , I be sorry , I do not mean great about the long illness , I mean ~-- you be absolutely right , I should be more -- exactly . my mistake . she lean way back in she chair and close she eye . on she desk , beside the phone be she keychain . there 's a five month chip attach to it . ( continued ) 116 . continued : gwen ( cont have ) how about survivor ? ext . new york sidewalk - day end of the workday . gwen be one of hundred of blank - face commuter pour into the subway station . she put on a pair of earphone . they ' be play music . int . subway tunnel - day the subway rattle its way uptown . int . subway - day it 's rattling in here too . gwen_is hang onto the strap , listen to she music . elsewhere qn the car , a young guy be blaring rap from a boombox ; two girl be chatter loudly ; and a grumpy old guy be listen to the ball game on a transistor radio . through all the other noise , we barely hear : announcer ( 0.s. ) ~.. that end the inning , Philadelphia lead three - oh , a8 we go into the top of the sixth . the subway start come to a stop . on top of all the other noise , now there 's screeching . int . subway stop - day the train come to a stop in the station . int . subway ~- day a big jostle to get out . as gwen push she way to the door , she walk right by the Old man . from the transistor radio : color guy ( 0.s. ) that 's foy 's tenth strike - out tonight . he 's have himself a gene . announcer ( 0.s. ) and he 's still throw awfully hard . that last one be clocked at 98 mile a hour . she push by . not hearing , because of she walkman . as she 's about to get out the door , a teenager push onto the train bump into she , knock she earphone off . gwen hey ! like he care . as she pick up she earphone , ( continued ) 117 . continued : from the transistor radio : color guy ( 0.8 . ) they do not call he steady Eddie for nothing . she stop , look at the Old man . as other passenger push on and off the train , she go over to he . gwen Excuse I -- be that -- you be listen to -- old man Met . they 's be lose . I do not wanna talk about it . gwen nod , head out . then she stop in the door and turn back again . | gwen be they -- be it -- a home game ? old man yeah . can not even win at Shea . putze . gwen smile , '' what do you know '' , and get off the train . int . subway platform - day gwen step off take one step toward the stair . then she stop . thinks . she turn back to the train , look at the open door . then they start close . she dive and shove she bag in they . they bounce open again . she step back on the train , feel oddly self - e conscious . she go back over to t Old man . gwen sorry to bother you again , but -- this train do go to the stadium . right ? ext . shea stadium stop - oay train pull in . the door open . gwen get off , look at the Stadium loom ahead of she , then ead toward it . ext . shea stadium , entrance - day fan be leave as gwen walk up to the entrance . she find a usher . gwen one , please . usher game 's over , lady . ( continued ) ~) -~ ) of N 1218 . continued : gwen that 's okay . I do not mind . he head away from she . she try to keep up with he . gwen ( cont would ) it just -- ifd like to see one of the player . he 's a friend -- usher yeah , steinbrenner 's my uncle . he disappear into the stadium . as she 's wonder what to do now , a kid , 11 , tap she . kid . the player parking lot 's around back . ext . yankee stadium , player parking lot - day a crowd -- mostly scream young boy -- be press u ; against a chain link fence , watch the player trickle out . the kid carve out a piece of fence for he and gwen . he pull a baseball and a pen out of he pocket . gwen keep she eye on the door watch the freshly - shower player come out and head for they fancy car . as each come out , the kid at the fence all scream he name , try to get he over to sign autograph . finally , Eddie come out . amid a chorus of '' eddie !*n , he go over to the fence and work he way slowly down the line , try to sign everything . gwen wait as he move he way toward she . but he stop before he reach she and head to he car . gwen no. wait . Eddie . ( louder ) Eddie -- not loud enough . he keep walk away . gwen ( cont would ) Eddie ! no luck . then , from next to she : kid , deafeningly loud ) Eddie stop , turn around . kid { ( cont have ) you gotta be loud or they will not hear you . ( continued ) 119 . continued : Eddie look at the fence . it 's a sea of scream face . and then , in the middle of they all , he see hers . she wave . he come up to she . gwen hi. eddie hi. they gawk at each other a moment . edoie ( cont have ) you be at the game ? : gwen no . I just ~- hear you be in town , bodie you come all the way out here and do not even see the game ? gwen well , it be -- kind of -- not at all - - on my way . he smile . int . inside shea stadium - night the light be still on . the ground crew be cleanin up . gwen and Eddie be sit on the pitcher 's mound , face Home plate . eddie see , I tell you you have get a good job . gwen reality check , Eddie . make million of dollar play rofessional baseball be a go sop . write obit for a crappy rag be not . eddie you will find a better one soon . you get too much go for you not to get exactly what you want . gwen this from the guy who could not even come up with a third good thing about I . he take a beat , look at she . eddie it be not that I could not come up with to {continued ) continued : she know a moment . scan the 120 . what he mean . they share a look . it 's al but they both pack off . gwen look away , most vast stadium . gwen I can not imagine be able to do anything in front of all that people . edoie you just keep you mind on what 's important . all over the plate . gwen keep it simple . edoie pretty much . yeah . they smile knowingly at each other . eddie so -- how 's it work ? you happy at happy hour now ? gwen I do not know . happy 's a different thing , be not it ? eddie yeah . gwen how about you ? be you okay ? eddie yeah , I be not bad . gwen but ? edoie I do not know . I be have a real good season . I have not slip . everything 's good . yoeat ) but you still miss what you miss , gwen the first cold beer after practice ? eddie yeah . and other thing . gwen like what ? ( continued ) 121 . continued : ( 2 ) edoie like ... relax . not have to keep such a close eye on myself . like cut loose . he think lang and hard about go on . then finally : eddie like you . I miss you . gwen smile . please , but not completely comfortable . gwen this be right about where I have order @ vodka straight up . eddie I think I just break a sweat . gwen we be pathetic . he smile . gwen you ever wonder what would 's have happen if we have meet somewhere else ? under different circumstance ? eddie you mean , before rehab , or after ? gwen either . both . eddie well . before , we ’da probably gorten naked real quick , I 'da be a big disappointment in the sack , you woulda puke on my sheet before morning , and we never woulda get each other 's name . gwen that sound about right . edoie after -- I do not know . I be not up to ask girl out yet . I probably woulda want to call you , but instead some guy I know who have he shit together would beat I to it , and I would have to watch you fall atl in love with he . they look at each other . gwen so this be best . ( continued ) ) ; 122 . continued : ( 3 ) eddie I think so . he take she hand . gwen yeah . okay . this be best . they sit there in the big , dark , empty stadium , hold hand . then slowly , she fean she head on he shoulder . fade ouT . the eno