28 day later written by Alex garland close on a monitor screen : image of stun violence . looped . Soldiers in a foreign war shoot a unarm civilian at point - blank range ; a man be set on by a frenzied crowd wield club and machete ; a woman be necklace while she killer cheer and howl . pull back to reveal that we be see one of many screen in a bank of monitor , all show similar image ... then revealing that the monitor be in a ... int . surgical chamber - night ... surgical chamber . and watch the screen be a ... ... chimp , strapped to a operate table , with its skull dissect open , webbed in wire and monitoring device , muzzle with a transparent guard . alive . behind the surgical chamber , through the wide doorframe , we can see a larger laboratory beyond . int . bright corridor - night a group of black - clad alf activist , all wear balaclavas , move down a corridor . they carry various gear - bag , bolt cutter . as they move , one activist reach up to a security camera and spray it black with a aerosol paint can . int . laboratory - night the activist enter the laboratory . chief activist Fucking hell ... the Chief activist take he camera off he shoulder and start take photo . the room be huge and long , and darken except for specific pool of light . partially illuminate be row of cage with clear perspex door . they run down either side of the room . in the cage be chimpanzee . 2 . most be in a state of rabid agitation , bang and claw against the perspex , bare tooth through foam - fleck mouth . they reach the far end of the lab , where on a huge steel operate table they see the dissect chimp . female activist oh God ... the dissect chimp 's eye flick to the activist . blood well from around the expose brain tissue . tear start to roll down the female activist 's cheek . chief activist ( to female activist ) keep you shit together . if we be go to get they out of here ... the finnish activist be check the perspex cage . finnish activist I can pop this , no problem . chief activist so get to it . the finnish activist raise he crowbar and stick it around the edge of one of the door - about to prise it open . at the moment , the door to the laboratory bang open . the activist all turn . stand at the entrance be the scientist . a pause . the scientist jump to a telephone handset on the wall and shout into the receiver . scientist Security ! we have a break - in ! get to sector ... a hand slam down the disconnect button . scientist ...nine . the Chief activist pluck the receiver from the scientist 's hand , and then rip the telephone from the wall . a beat . 3. scientist I know who you be , I know what you think you be do , but you have to listen to I . you can not release this animal . chief activist if you do not want to get hurt , shut you mouth , and do not move a fuck muscle . scientist ( blurt ) the chimp be infect ! the activist hesitate , exchange a glance . scientist ( continue ; stumbling , flustered ) this animal be highly contagious . they have be give a inhibitor . chief activist infect with what ? scientist chemically restrict , lock down to a ... a single impulse that ... chief activist infect with what ? the scientist hesitates before answer . scientist rage . behind the activist , the bank of monitor show the face of the machete- wield crowd . scientist ( desperately try to explain ) in order to cure , you must first understand . just imagine : to have power over all the thing we feel we can not control . anger , violence ... finnish activist what the fuck be he talk about ? 4. chief activist we do not have time for this shit ! get the cage open ! scientist no ! chief activist we be go , you sick bastard , and we be take you torture victim with we . scientist no ! you must listen ! the animal be contagious ! the infection be in they blood and saliva ! one bite and ... female activist they will not bite I . the female activist crouch down to face the wild eye of the infect chimp behind the perspex . scientist stop ! you have no idea ! the scientist make a desperate lunge towards she , but the Chief activist grab he . female activist good boy . you do not want to bite I , do you ? the female activist give a final benign smile , then the finnish activist pop open the door . scientist no ! like a bullet from a gun , the infect chimp leap out at the female activist - and sink its tooth into she neck . she reel back as the chimp claw and bite with extraordinary viciousness . at the same moment , a deafen alarm begin to sound . female activist ( shrieking ) get it off ! get if off ! the finnish activist rip the ape off and throw it on to the floor . the infect chimp immediately bite into the man' leg . he yell with pain , and try to kick it off . 5 . behind he , the female activist have start to scream . she double up , clutching the side of she head . female activist I be burn ! Jesus ! help I ! scientist we have to kill she ! female activist I be burn ! I be burn ! chief activist what 's ... scientist we have to kill she now ! meanwhile , the female activist 's cry have become a unwaver howl of pain - and she be join by the finnish activist , whose hand have also fly to the side of he head , grip he temple as if try to keep he skull from explode . chief activist what 's wrong with they ? the scientist grab a desk - lamp base and start run towards the scream female activist ... ... who have rip off she balaclava - revealing she face - the face of a infect . she turn to the scientist . scientist oh God . she leap at he . he scream as they go tumble to the ground . the Chief activist watch in immobile horror as she attack the scientist with amazing ferocity . int . corridor - night another activist make he way down the corridor towards the lab . activist ( hiss ) Terry ? jemma ? 6 . no answer . activist mika ? where be you ? he reach the door to the lab , which be close - and ... ... as he open it , we realize the door be also soundproofed . a wall of scream hit he . he stand in the doorway - stunne by the noise , and then the sight . blood , death , and he colleague , all infect . activist bloody hell . the infect rush he . fade to black . title : 28 day later int . hospital room - late afternoon Close up of Jim , a young man in he twenty , wear pale green hospital pyjamas . he have a month 's beard , be dishevel , and asleep . we pull back to see that Jim be lie on a hospital bed , in a private room . connect to he arm be multiple drip , a full row of four or five on each side of he bed . most of the bag be empty . Jim 's eye open . he look around with a expression of confusion . then he sit up . he be weak , but he swing he leg off the bed and stand . the attach drip be pull with he and clatter to the floor . Jim wince , and pull the tape needle from he arm . jim ow ... his voice be hoarse , he mouth dry . massage he throat , he walk to the door . 7. int . coma ward - late afternoon the door to Jim 's hospital room be lock . the key be on the floor . he pick it up and open the door . Jim exit into a corridor . at the far end , a sign read : coma ward . there be no sign of life or movement . Jim walk down the corridor . one of the door be half -open . from inside , there be the sound of buzzing fly . int . hospital ward - late afternoon Jim move as quickly as he can through the hospital , still weak , but now drive by adrenaline . all the ward and corridor be desert . Medical note and equipment lie strewn over the floor , trolley be upend , glass partition door be smashed . in a couple of place , splashes of dry blood arc up the wall . he reach a&amp ; E . on one wall be a row of public pay phone . he lift a receiver , and the line be dead . he go down the line , try they all . in the corner of the a&amp ; E reception be a smashed soft-drink machine , with a few can collect at the base . Jim grab one , rip off the ring - pull and downs it in one go . then he grab another , and head for the main door . ext . hospital - late afternoon Jim exit and walk out into the bright daylight of the forecourt . the camera begin to pull away from he . jim hello ? aside from a quiet rush of wind , there be silence . no traffic , no engine , no movement . not even birdsong . ext . london - sundown Jim walk through the empty city , from St. Thomas 's Hospital , over westminster Bridge , past the house of parliament , down whitehall , to trafalgar Square . 8. a bright overhead sun bleach the street . a light drift litter and refuse . Cars lie abandon , shop loot . Jim be still wear he hospital pyjamas , and carry a plastic bag full of soft-drink can . ext . central london road / church - night Jim walk . night have fall . he need to find a place to rest ... he pause . down a narrow side street be a church . he walk towards it . the front door be open . int . church - night Jim walk inside , move with the respectful quietness that people adopt when enter a church . the door ahead to the main chamber be close . push they , gently try the handle , it be obvious they be lock . but another open door be to he leave . he go through it . int . church - stairwell - night Jim move up a stairwell . written large on the wall be a single line of graffiti : repent . the end be extremely fucking nigh int . church - gallery level - night Jim move into the gallery level , and see , through the dust and rot , ornate but fade splendor . at the far end , a stain - glass window be illuminate by the moonlight . Jim pad in , stand at the gallery , face the stain - glass window for a moment before look down ... beneath be hundred of dead body . layer over the floor , jamme into the pews , spilling over the altar . the scene of a unimaginable massacre . Jim stand , stunne . then see , stand motionless at different position face away from he , four people . they posture and stillness make they status unclear . Jim hesitates before speak . 9 . jim ... hello ? immediately , the four head flick around . infect . and the next moment , there be the powerful thump of a door at the far end of the gallery . Jim whirl to the source as the infect below start to move . the door thump again - another stunningly powerful blow , the noise echoing around the chamber . confused , fist close around he bag of soft drink , Jim step onto the gallery , face the door ... ... and it smashes open . revealing a infect Priest - who lock sight on Jim , and start to sprint . jim Father ? the Priest be half way across the gallery jim Father , what be you ... and now the moonlight catch the Priest 's face . show clearly : the eye . the blood smear and collect around he nose , ear , and mouth . darken and crust , accumulate over day and week . Fresh blood glisten . jim Jesus ! in a movement of pure instinct , Jim swing the bag just as the Priest be about to reach he - and connect squarely with the man 's head . jim oh , that , be bad , that be bad ... I should not have do that ... he break into a run ... int . church - stairwell - night down the stairwell ... 10 . int . church - night ... into the front entrance , where the lock door now strain under the blow of the infect inside . jim shit . ext . church - night Jim sprint down the stone step . as he reach the bottom the door be break open , and the infect give chase . ext . central london road - night Jim run - the infect have almost reach he . a hand fire up a Zippo lighter , and light the rag of a molotov cocktail . as Jim run , something fly past he head , and the infect close to he explode in a ball of flame . Jim turn , and see as another molotov cocktail explode , engulf two in the fireball . he whirl , now completely bewilder . woman' voice here ! another molotov cocktail explode . the infect stagger from the blaze , on fire . woman' voice over here ! Jim whirl again , and see , further down the road ... ... selena , a black woman , also in she twenty . she wear a small backpack , a machete be stick into she belt - and she hold a light molotov cocktail in she hand . ... Mark , a tall , good-look man - throw another bottle . it smashes on the head of the last infect , bathing it in flame ... the burn infect bump blindly into a car . Falls . get up again . 11 . blindly , it stagger off the road , into a petrol station - where a abandon car have run over on the pump . the ground beneath it suddenly ignites , and the petrol station explode . ext . side STREET - night selena and Mark lead Jim into a side street . jim ( day ) that people ! who be ... who ... MARK this way ! move it ! Jim allow himself to be hurried along . ext . shop - night selena stop outside a newsagent 's shop . the shop 's door and window be cover with a metal security grill , but the grill over the door lock have be prise away enough for selena to slip she hand through to the latch . int . shop - night Inside , most of the shelf have be emptied of confectionery . newspaper and magazine litter the floor . the magazine cover of beautiful girl and sport car have become instant anachronism . at the back of the shop , a makeshift bed of sheet and sleep bag be nestle . this have obviously be selena and Mark 's home for the last few day . int . newsagent - night Jim , Mark and selena enter the newsagent 's and pull down the grill . MARK a man walk into a bar with a giraffe . they each get piss . the giraffe fall over . the man go to leave and the barman say , you can not leave that lie there . the man say , it 's not a lion . it 's a giraffe . 12 . silence . Mark pull off he mask and turn to selena . MARK he 's completely humorless . you two will get along like a house on fire . selena , who have already take off she mask , ignore Mark . selena who be you ? you have come from a hospital . MARK be you a doctor ? selena he 's not a doctor . he 's a patient . jim I be a bicycle courier . I be riding a package from farringdon to shaftesbury Avenue . a car cut across I ... and then I wake up in hospital , today ... I wake up and I be hallucinate , or ... MARK what 's you name ? jim Jim . MARK I be Mark . this be selena . ( beat ) okay , Jim . we have get some bad news . selena start to tell she story , and as the story unfold we see the image she describe . selena it begin as rioting . and right from the beginning , you know something bad be go on because the rioter be kill people . and then it be not on the tv anymore . it be in the street outside . it be come through you window . we all guess it be a virus . a infection . you do not need a doctor to tell you that . it be the blood . 13 . something in the blood . by the time they try to evacuate the city , it be already too late . the infection be everywhere . the army blockade be overrun . and that be when the exodus start . the day before the radio and tv stop broadcasting there be report of infection in Paris and New York . we do not hear anything more after that . jim where be you family ? MARK they be dead . selena your will be dead too . jim no ... no ! I be go to find they . they live in greenwich . I can walk . ( head for the exit ) I be go to ... to go and ... selena you will go and come back . jim ( pull at the grill ) yes ! I will go and come back . MARK rule of survival . lesson one - you never go anywhere alone , unless you have get no choice . lesson two - you only move during daylight , unless you have get no choice . we will take you tomorrow . then we will all go and find you dead parent . okay ? ext . train track - day Jim , selena and Mark walk along the dockland Light railway in single file . ahead be a train . behind the train , as if spill in its wake , be abandon bag , suitcase , backpack . Mark drop pace to let Jim catch up . 14 . MARK how 's you head ? fucked ? no reply . MARK ( gesture at the city ) I know where you head be . you be look at this window , this million of window , and you be think - there 's no way this many people be dead . it 's just too many window . Mark pick up a handbag from the track . MARK the person who own this bag . can not be dead . Mark reach in and start to pull thing out as they walk , discard the personal possession . MARK a woman - ( car key ) - who drive a Nissan micra - ( teddy ) - and have a little teddy bear - ( condom ) - and carry protection , just in case . Marks toss the condom behind he . MARK ( dry ) believe I , we will not need they anymore than she will . he hand the bag to Jim and walk ahead . Jim pull out a mobile phone . he switch it on . it read : searching for network . the message blink a couple of time . then the screen go blank . Jim look leave . he be now alongside the train . the inside of the window be smear with dry blood . press against the glass be the face of a dead man . 15 . Jim drop the phone and break into a run - run past Mark and selena . MARK ( hissing ) hey ! ext . greenwich common - day Jim , selena and Mark jog across greenwich common . Jim gesture towards one of the street on the far side of the green . jim ( low voice ) down there . westlink Street . second on the leave . ext . westlink STREET - day the street be modest red-brick semi-detach house . they stand outside number 43 . Jim wait while selena scan the dark facade . selena if there 's anyone in there who be not human ... jim I understand . selena anyone . jim I understand . selena shoot a glance at Jim . Jim be gaze at the house . MARK okay . ext . back garden - day Jim use the key under the flowerpot to open the back door . int . house - day Jim , selena and Mark move quietly through the kitchen and the downstairs of the house . 16 . surprisingly , everything be neat and tidy . washed plate be stack by the sink , newspaper on the table be neatly pile . the headline on the top paper read simply : containment fail . they reach the bottom of the stair . selena gesture upwards , and Jim nod . they start to ascend . at the top of the stair , selena sniff the air , and recoil . Jim have notice it too . his eye widen in alarm . MARK ( whisper ) wait . but Jim push past and advance along the top landing , until he reach a door . by now the smell be so bad that he be have to cover he nose and mouth with the sleeve of one arm . Jim push open the door . Inside , two decompose body lie side by side on the bed , intertwined . on the bedside table be a empty bottle of sleep pill and a bottle of red wine . Mark appear behind he . Jim stare at he parent for a couple of moment , then Mark close the door . int . bathroom - day Jim sit on the toilet , alone . he be cry . in he hand be a piece of paper : " Jim - with endless love , we leave you sleep . now we be sleep with you . do not wake up . " the paper crumple in he fist . int . live room - day Jim , selena and Mark sit in the live room , on the two sofa . Jim look daze , uncomprehend . selena watch Jim , she expression neutral . selena they die peacefully . you should be grateful . jim I be not grateful . Jim 's word hang a moment . then Mark talk , simply , unemotionally , matter - of - fact throughout . 17 . MARK the road out be all jamme . so we go to paddington Station . hope : maybe we could get to heathrow , maybe buy we way on a plane . my dad have all this cash , even though cash be already useless , and mum have she jewellery . but twenty thousand other people have the same idea . ( a moment ) the crowd be surging , and I lose my grip on my sister 's hand . I remember realize the ground be soft . I look down , and I be stand on people . like a carpet , people who have fall , and ... somewhere in the crowd there be infect . it spread fast , no one could run , all you could do be climb . over more people . so I do that . I get up , somehow , on top of a kiosk . ( a moment ) look down , you could not tell which face be infect and which be not . with the blood , the scream , they all look the same . and I see my dad . not my mum or my sister . but I see my dad . his face . a short silence . MARK selena 's right . you should be grateful . selena we do not have time to get back to the shop before dark . we should stay here tonight . Jim nod . he be not sure what he want to say . jim my old room be at the end of the landing . you two take it . I will sleep down here . selena we will sleep in the same room . it 's safer . 18. ext . london - day to night the red orb of the sun go down ; the light fade . as night fall , London vanish into blackness , with no electric light to be see . then the moon appear from behind the cloud layer , and the dark city be reveal . int . house - night Jim be on the sofa . in the moonlight , we can see that he eye be open , wide awake . selena be curl on the other sofa , and Mark be on the floor - both asleep . the house be silent . Jim watch selena sleep for a couple of moment . then , quietly , he get off the sofa and pad out of the live room , down the hall to the kitchen . int . kitchen - night Jim enter , stand just inside the doorway . he look around the room . on one wall , a fade kid 's draw of a car be frame . above the counter , on a shelf of cookery book , a album have a handwritten label on the spine : " mum 's favorite recipe " . Jim walk to the fridge . stuck to the door be a photo of Jim with he parent , arm in arm , smile at the camera . Jim be on he mountain bike , wear he courier bag . flash CUT to : Jim , sit at the kitchen table as he mum enter , carry bag of shopping . Jim walk over to the bag and pull out a carton of orange juice , which he pull straight to he mouth and begin to gulp down . his dad walk in from the garden . jim' dad give I a glass of that , would you ? jim ( drain the carton , and give it a shake ) it 's empty . CUT back to : 19 . Jim touch the photo , they face , lightly . Jim be face away from the back door , which have a large frost - glass panel . through the glass panel , unseen by Jim a dark silhouette loom against the diffuse glow from the moonlight . through the kitchen window , a second silhouette appear . then there be a scratch noise from the back door . Jim freeze . slowly , he turn he head , and see the dark shape behind the door and window . a beat - then the door be abruptly and powerfully smashed in . it fly open , and hang loosely hold by the bottom hinge . stand in the doorframe be a infect man . Jim shout with alarm as the man lunge at he - and they both go tumble to the floor . at the same moment , the figure behind the kitchen window smashes the glass , and a infect teenage girl start to clamber through the jag frame . the man get on top of Jim , while Jim use he arm to hold back the ferocious assault . a single strand of saliva fly from the man 's lip , and contact Jim 's cheek . jim ( scream ) help ! suddenly , selena be there , hold she machete . the blade flash down to the back of the man 's neck . blood gush . Jim roll the infect man off , just in time to see ... ... Mark dispatch the girl half way through the kitchen window . the girl be hold Mark , but she leg be catch on the break glass . Mark jab upwards into the girl 's torso - she stiffen , then slump , and as Mark step back we see he be hold a knife . Jim hyperventilate , stare at the corpse on the kitchen floor . jim it 's Mr. bridge ... selena turn to Jim . she be hyperventilate too , but there be control and steel in she voice . 20 . selena be you bitten ? jim he life four door down ... Jim turn to the girl sprawle half way through the window . jim that 's he daughter ... selena be you bitten ? Jim look at she . selena be still hold she machete at the ready . jim no ... no ! I be not ! selena do any of the blood get in you mouth ? jim no ! selena Mark ? Jim turn to Mark . he be stand in the middle of the room . stepped away from the window . the girl 's blood be on he arm - and he be wiping it away ... ...off the skin ... where a long scratch cut well up fresh blood . a moment . then Mark look at selena , as if slightly startle . MARK wait . but selena be swiping with she machete . Mark lift he arm instinctively , defensively , and the blade sink in . selena immediately yank it back . MARK don 't ! selena swipe again - and the blade catch Mark hard in the side of the head . Mark fall . 21 . Jim watch , scrabbling backwards on the floor away from they , as selena brutally finish Mark off . selena look at Mark 's body for a couple of beat , then lower the blade . she pick up a dishcloth from the sink counter and toss it to Jim . selena get that clean off . Jim pick up the rag and hurriedly start to wipe the infect 's blood from around he neck . selena do you have any clothes here ? jim ( faze , frighten of she ) I ... I do not know . I think so . selena then get they . and get dress . we have to leave , now . with practice speed , selena start to open the kitchen cupboard , select packet of biscuit and can from the shelf , and stuff they into she backpack . selena more infect will be come . they always do . ext . house - night Jim and selena exit the front door . Jim have change out of he hospital gear into jeans and a sweatshirt . he also have a small backpack , and be carry a baseball bat . ext . london road - night Jim and selena walk : fast , alert . but something be not be say between they ... until Jim break the silence . jim ( quiet ) how do you know ? selena say nothing . continue walk . jim ( insistent ) how do you know he be infect ? 22. selena the blood . jim the blood be everywhere . on I , on you , and ... selena ( cutting in ) I do not know he be infect . okay ? I do not know . he know . I could see it in he face . ( a moment ) you need to understand , if someone get infect , you have get somewhere between ten and twenty second to kill they . they might be you brother or you sister or you oldest friend . it make no difference just so as you know , if it happen to you , I will do it in a heartbeat . a moment . jim how long have you know he ? selena five day . or six . do it matter ? Jim say nothing . selena he be full of plan . long-distance weapon , so they do not get close . a newsagent 's with a metal grill , so you can sleep . petrol bomb , so the blood do not splash . selena look at Jim dispassionately . selena get a plan yet , Jim ? you want we to find a cure and save the world ? or fall in love and fuck ? selena look away again . selena plan be pointless . stay alive be as good as it get . silence . 23. they walk . Jim follow a few step behind selena . a few moment later , Jim lift a hand , open he mouth , about to say something - but selena cut he off without even look round . selena shhh . she have see something ... a line of tower block some distance away , stand against the night sky . in one of they , hang in the window of one of the high storey , color fairy light be light up , blink gently . int . tower block - night Jim and selena walk through the smashed glass door of the tower block . it be extremely dark inside . selena switch on a flashlight and illuminate the entrance hall . it be a mess . the floor be cover in break glass and dry blood . the lift door be jamme open , and inside be a dense bundle of rag - perhaps a old corpse , but impossible to tell , because the interior of the lift have be torch . it be black with carbon , and smoke -scarr run up the outside wall . selena move the flashlight to the stairwell . there be a huge tangle of shopping trolley run up the stair . selena give one of the trolley a exploratory tug . it shift , but hold fast , meshed in with its neighbor . then she put a foot into one of the grate , and lift herself up . shine she light over the top of the tangle , she can see a gap along the top . jim let 's hope we do not have to get out of here in a hurry . she begin to climb through . int . tower block - night Jim and selena move steadily and quietly up the stairwell , into the building . reaching a next landing , they check around the corner before proceeding . through a break window , we can see that they be already high above most London building , and on the wall a sign read : level 5 . 24 . selena need a break ? jim ( completely out of breath ) no. you ? selena no . they continue a few step . jim I do need a break , by the way . selena nod . they stop on the stair . Jim slip off he backpack and sit , pull a face as he do so ... selena what 's up ? jim nothing . she give he a cut - the-crap expression . jim I have get a headache . selena bad ? jim pretty bad . selena why do not you say something before ? jim because I do not think you would give a shit . a moment , where it 's unclear how selena will react to this . then she slip off she own backpack . selena ( go through the bag ) you have get no fat on you , and all you have have to eat be sugar . so you be crash . unfortunately , there be not a lot we can do about that ... 25 . selena start to produce a wide selection of pill , loot from a chemist . selena ... except pump you full painkiller , and give you more sugar to eat . she hold up a bottle of codeine tablet , and pass it to Jim . selena as for the sugar : lilt or tango ? jim ( chewing codeine ) ... do you have sprite ? selena actually , I do have a can of sprite , but ... suddenly there be a loud scream , come from somewhere lower down the building . Jim and selena both make a grab for they weapon . jim Jesus ! selena quiet . the scream come again . the noise be chill , echoing up the empty stairwell . but there be something strange about it . the noise be human , but oddly autistic . it be hold for slightly too long , and stop abruptly . selena that 's a infect . then , the sound of metal scraping , clatter the blockade . selena they be in . int . shopping trolley blockade - night two infect , a Young asian guy and a Young White guy , move with amazing speed over the blockade . 26 . int . stair - night Jim and selena sprint up the stair . behind they , we can hear the infect , give chase , howling . they pass level eight , nine , ten ... Jim be exhaust . selena come on ! jim ( out of breath , barely able to speak ) I can not . selena continue , and Jim look over the edge of the stairwell , to the landing below ... ... where the two infect appear , tear around the corner . int . stairwell - night selena sprint up the stair ... and Jim sprint past she , in a amazing burst of energy and speed . they round another bend in the stairwell ... ... then both Jim and selena scream . stand directly in front of they be a man in riot cop gear - helmet with full visor , glove , a riot shield in one hand , and a length of lead pipe in the other . the man lunge past both of they , barging past , where the infect White man have appear at the stairwell . the riot gear man swing he lead pipe and connect viciously with the White man 's head . the White man fall backwards against the asian man . both fall back down the stair . the riot gear man turn back to Jim and selena . man down the corridor ! flat 157 ! Jim and selena be stunne , but start to run down the corridor . the asian man be come back up the stair . Jim look back over he shoulder in time to see the riot gear man deliver a massive blow to the asian man 's head . 27 . int . corridor - night Jim and selena run towards flat 157 . the door be open , but as they approach , it suddenly slam shut . jim and selena ( hammer on the door ) let we in ! girl ( o.s. ) who be it ? selena let we in ! the door open a fraction , on the chain . the face of a girl appear . she be fourteen , pale , solemn - face . girl where 's dad ? Jim look back down the corridor . at the far end , the man appear . he be hold the limp body of one of the infect - and he tip it over the balcony , where it drop down the middle of the stairwell . man ( call back ) it 's okay , Hannah . let they inside . the door close , we hear the chain be slip off , then it open again . int . flat - night Jim and selena enter past the pale- face girl . the flat be council , three - bed , sixteenth floor of the block . it have pattern wallpaper , and nice but boring furnishings . it be light by candle . the entrance hall lead straight to the live room , which have french window and a small balcony outside . on one wall , a frame photograph hang , which show the man stand beside a black taxi cab . next to he be a middle age woman - presumably the man 's wife . Hannah sit at the cab 's steering wheel , beam . another photo , beside , show Hannah sit in the seat of a go - kart . the man follow Jim and selena inside . 28 . man come in , come in . they follow the man through to the live room , and Hannah reclose the front door , which have a impressive arrangement of lock and dead-bolt . int . flat - live room - night in the live room , the fairy light hang in the window , power by a car battery . lit by they glow , the man go through a careful ritual of shed he gear , help by Hannah . first , he lay down the riot shield . then he put the bloodsmear lead pipe on a small white towel . next , he remove he glove - and place they beside the bar on the towel . then he fold the towel over the weapon and glove , and put it beside the riot shield . finally he remove the visore helmet . Jim and selena watch he . they look pretty rattle , not really know what to expect . after the man have finish shed he gear , he turn . man so ... I be Frank , anyway . he extend he hand to Jim and selena . Jim hesitates very briefly , then shake it . jim I be Jim . selena selena . Frank beam , and suddenly he seem much less frightening and impose . if anything , he be just as nervous as Jim and selena . frank Jim and selena . good to meet you . and this be my daughter , Hannah . ( turn to Hannah ) ... come on , sweetheart . say hello . Hannah take a step into the room , but say nothing . frank so ... so this be great . just great . it call for a celebration . 29 . I would say . why do not you all sit down , and ... Hannah , what have we get to offer ? hannah ( quietly ) we have get mum 's creme de menthe . a awkward beat . frank yes , she creme de menthe . great . look , sit , please . get comfortable . sit tight while I get it . Frank exit . selena , Jim and Hannah all stand , until selena gesture at the sofa . selena shall we ? Jim and selena take the sofa . Hannah stay stand . frank ( o.s. ) where be the bloody glass ? hannah Middle cupboard . frank ( o.s. ) no ! the good one ! this be a celebration ! hannah top cupboard . another short , uncomfortable pause . Hannah look at Jim and selena from she position near the doorway . her expression be blank and unreadable . jim this be you place , then . Hannah nod . jim it 's nice . Hannah nod again . Frank re-enter . Frank be beam , hold the creme de menthe , and four wine glass . 30 . frank there ! I know it be not much but ... well , cheer ! ext . tower block - night the moon shine above the tower block . int . flat - night Jim , selena and Hannah all sit in the live room , sip creme de menthe . Frank be disconnect the fairy light as he talk , and pull the curtain close , rather systematically check for crack along the edge . frank normally we keep the window cover at night , because the light attract they . but when we see you petrol station fire , we know it have to be survivor ... so we hook up the Christmas tree light . like a beacon . finish with the sofa , he sit on the armchair . selena we be grateful . frank well , we be grateful you come . I be start to really worry . like I say , we have not see any sign of anyone normal for a while now . jim there be not any other in the building ? Frank shake he head . selena and you have not see any people outside ? Frank 's eye flick to Hannah . frank we have not leave the block for more than two week . stay right here . only sensible thing to do . everyone who go out ... 31 . selena do not come back . frank and there 's two hundred flat here . most of they have a few can of food , or cereal , or something . selena it 's a good set-up . frank it be not bad . he put a hand on Hannah 's shoulder , and give it a squeeze . frank we have get by , have not we ? int . bathroom - night Jim be in the bathroom , inspect himself in the mirror . he be just finish shave he beard off , and have have to use the razor dry . he have cut himself several time . Jim do a couple of last dry stroke with the razor , and wince as he cut himself again . he use spit to wipe away the blood . then , from outside , Frank speak . frank ( o.s. ) you okay in there , Jim ? jim yes. Fine . frank ( o.s. ) sorry we could not spare the water but ... it 's the same with the toilet . the , er , flush do not work . I be afraid you have to use the bucket . Jim open the door . frank have to empty it each morning . we just chuck it over the balcony ... no mod con here . jim it 's fine . 32 . frank ... well , look , it 's pretty late . I be go to turn in . we have get a spare room . be you and selena ...? jim I will take the live room . frank oh , right . I mean , yes ... so , good night then , anyway . jim good night , Frank . Frank smile , and head to he bedroom . int . flat - night Jim feel he way down the dark corridor back to the candlelit live room . selena be stand by the window . she look around when Jim enter . selena very spruce . jim very shred . selena uh-huh . Jim sit on the armchair , and selena move to look at a picture on the wall - the photo of Frank 's family and the black cab . jim so what do you make of they ? selena they be desperate . probably need we more than we need they . jim ... I think they be good people . selena good people ? jim yeah . 33. selena well , that 's nice . but you should be more concerned about whether they be go to slow you down . jim right . because if they slowed you down ... selena I would leave they behind . jim in a heartbeat . selena yeah . jim I would not . selena then you be go to wind up get yourself kill . a moment . then selena stand . selena I be go to get some sleep . jim selena - you think I do not get it . but I do get it . and I know I would be dead already if I have not meet you . selena hesitates at the door - then turn . selena sure . jim no , look - I mean thank you . selena and I mean sure . good night , Jim . she exit , leave Jim alone . jim good night . Jim walk around the room , blow out the candle . he leave one burn beside the sofa . 34 . then he slide open the french door and exit out onto the balcony . ext . balcony - night the city be spread out in front Jim . in the distance , to the north , the petrol station still burn , send billow cloud of spark high into the night sky . int . flat - early morning Jim sit on the armchair , face the window , nursing a can of lilt . outside , the sky have just start to brighten with first light . Frank enter . frank Morning , Jim . jim Morning . frank listen , have you get a minute ? ext . tower block roof - early morning Frank and Jim appear from a service door . the view over London be spectacular - low cloud catch the sunrise , and a plume of smoke still drift up from the petrol station blaze . but more noticeable be that the entire roof area be cover in bucket , pan , bowl , plate ... frank we lose water pressure three week ago . for a while , I think we would be okay with the water in the other flat . the cistern and tank . but it vanish so quick you would not believe . you drink it , it evaporate , turn stagnant ... jim ( look at the pan ) they be all empty ... frank it have not rain in over a week . Frank sit , watch Jim . 35 . frank you can set up a plastic sheet to catch dew and condensation . trap it somehow . I see it on tv once and I have be experiment , but I can not get it to work , and ... you do not happen to ... Jim shake he head . frank you would never think it . need rain so badly ... not in fuck England ... ( he break off ) Jim , we do not have enough water for and selena . a moment . jim right . frank no . it 's not what you think . int . flat - day Jim , selena , Frank and Hannah all sit in the live room . Frank be on the armchair . on the coffee table in front of he be a small radio . he turn it on - produce a fuzz of radio static . selena there have not be any broadcast for week . frank ( interrupting ) just listen . they listen . through the static , the sound of a voice begin to sift through . male voice ( v.o. ) the answer to infection be here ... if you can hear this , you be not alone ... there be other like you ... other survivor ... we be soldier , we be armed and we can protect you ... the male Voice fade into the static . 36 . selena ( amazed ) Soldiers . frank there 's more . listen . male voice ( v.o. ) we location be the forty - second blockade , m602 , twenty - seven mile north -east of Manchester ... you must find we ... frank then it just repeat . jim it 's a recording ? Frank switch the radio off , and produce a map of Britain , which he open on the table . frank it 's a recording . but this be where it 's tell we to go . Frank point to the location describe . jim the North ... frank the way thing be , we might need two or three day to get up there . selena we. a moment . then Frank give a short , embarrassed laugh . frank sound carry in this flat . Jerry - build , I suppose , and ... I and Hannah do need you more than you need we . selena I be not - frank it 's okay . look , it 's the truth . I can not leave the block if it 's just the two of we . 37 . if something happen to I , Hannah would be alone . but if we be with other people ... he let the sentence hang , gaze at Jim and selena with undisguise hope . selena if it 's a recording , for all we know the soldier who make it be dead . frank yes . it 's possible . selena and that stuff about the answer to infection . there be no answer to infection . it 's already do pretty much all the damage it can . jim maybe they have get a cure . selena maybe they have get nothing at all . frank the only way to find out be to reach they . selena we could die try . hannah or die here . Hannah speak so rarely that she interjection seem to take everyone by surprise . include she . for a moment she look flustered , but then she continue . hannah and anyway , it be not true what dad say . you need we just the same as we need you . we need each other . and we will never be safe in the city , and soldier could keep we safe . she pause for a breath . hannah so we have to try and get there . 38 . a beat . jim get there how ? CUT to : ext . tower block - day a black London cab drive fast out of the tower block 's underground garage , burst into the daylight . int . cab - day Hannah and selena sit on the back seat , and Jim sit on the fold - down . Frank smile , start the meter run , and lean around to he passenger . frank just so as you know . I do not take cheque or credit card . ext . cab - day Frank drive through the destroy street of the capital . they pass a stray infect , through the smashed window of a shop . it 's head flick around at the noise of the cab 's engine , and start to move , but the cab be move too fast to catch . ext . cab / tunnel entrance - south - day the cab pull up at the entrance of a tunnel that lead under the river Thames . frank what do you think ? selena it 's the most direct route to the other side of the river . jim then we should go the indirect route . the one in broad daylight . that be not underground . frank let 's just get it do . 39 . Frank floor the accelerator and they head into the tunnel . int . cab - day Frank drive through the tunnel . wrecked car and debris be illuminate in the headlight , and Frank weave expertly between they . his passenger roll with the movement of the cab . jim I know this be a shit idea . you know why ? because it be really obviously a shit idea . driving into a dark tunnel , full of smashed car and break glass be really fuck obviously a shit idea . as Jim speak , out of the gloom , catch in the headlight , a huge pile of car appear , stretch across the full width of the tunnel . Frank slam he foot down on the accelerator . jim oh no . ext . cab - day the cab bump up onto the barricade and drive over . int . cab - day the cab bump down the other side of the barricade , with a cheer from the passenger - but the jubilation only last a moment , because the cab he the road hard , on to a carpet of break glass , and the front leave tire blow . frank hold on ! Frank saw the wheel , but lose control . the cab scrape along the side of a abandon car , then slew to a halt . Frank try accelerate again , but the cab immediately pull leave , back into the car . frank fuck . Frank jump out of the cab , and shine he flashlight around the tunnel . 40 . jim the world 's worst place to get a flat . frank agreed . I think we would better do this quick . int . tunnel - day Frank open the boot and put the jack into Hannah 's hand . frank you know what to do . Hannah immediately run to the front of the cab and hunch down . meanwhile , Frank unclip the spare and haul it out . Jim and selena stand at the back of the cab , weapon ready , shine they flashlight into the darkness . at the front of the cab , Hannah pump the jack , but it be move with aching slowness . at the back of the cab , Jim and selena wait nervously . there be a noise from further down the tunnel , in the direction which they come . a scrabbling rush of movement - but too quiet to be human . Jim and selena exchange a glance . jim ... you hear that ? frank ( from the front of the cab ) Heard what ? Jim be about to answer . then be eye widen . he look down ... jim Holy shit . a tide of rat be rush under they foot . frank ( as the rat rush around they ) what the fuck ? 41 . selena they be run from the infect . as if in answer , the howl of the infect echo down the tunnel . Hannah desperately position the jack underneath the cab , as the rate run over she face . frank Hannah , get out , get out ! ( to Jim and selena ) just lift it ! lift it ! Jim , selena , and Frank get they hand under the side of the cab , and pull upwards . the cab rise . Hannah , with great skill and speed , fit the new tire , like a pit-stop mechanic at a grand prix . selena ( strain with the weight ) come on ! hannah almost there ! as Hannah put a expert twist on the last wheel nut , the cab 's back light pick up the face of the infect spilling over the barricade . frank ( shout ) go! go! they lunge back into the cab , just as the nearest infect slam against the back window . as the cab race off , Jim lean out the window . jim ( at the infect ) fuck you ! Frank slam he foot down , and they tear off . ext . tunnel exit - NORTH - day the cab race out . 42 . frank honey , you be a cab driver 's daughter . ext . cab - day the cab drive through London , the meter steadily clocking upwards . driving , Frank 's eye flick down to the fuel gauge . it be under a quarter full . Green shoot be push through the crack in the pavement and road , as nature begin to reclaim the city . int . cab - day a high street . suddenly selena crane around , see something . selena whoa ! stop the cab ! stop the cab ! ext . cab - day they have stop outside of a supermarket . the window be dark , but unbroken , and it look as if there be still food on the shelf . selena un. believable . she open the door to the cab , hold she machete . jim you be get out ? selena this place have not be loot . it 's a gold mine . hannah but we do not know what 's in there . selena food and drink be what 's in there . and we need it . selena get out . jim wait ! 43. selena I have be live off Mars bar and Coke for two week . I need some tin fruit . ext . STREET - day selena try the door of the supermarket . it swing open . int . supermarket - day they enter silently . all carry they weapon at the ready . they peer down the aisle . the supermarket be empty . selena let 's shop . int . supermarket - day Jim , selena , Frank , and Hannah all split off with shopping trolley . they look like kid in a toy store . CUT to : selena take can off the shelf , three at a time , go down the aisle . selena I will have you , you , you , you ... CUT to : Jim take more stuff off shelf . selena appear at the top of the aisle . selena do not take anything we need to cook . Jim look at the item in he hand . it be caviar . jim it 's okay . I think you can eat this stuff raw . CUT to : 44 . Frank , stand by the fruit and vegetable section , in front of a bank of rotting apple - mark organic . beside be a pile of apple that look fine . frank mmm. irradiate . CUT to : selena find Hannah by a huge array of chocolate . selena ugh . if I never see chocolate again , it will be too soon . a beat , as something catch she eye . she whip it off the shelf . selena not count Terry 's chocolate Orange , of course . hannah ( take a handful of yorkie bar ) or yorky . selena or yorky , obviously . CUT to : Jim by the drink counter , examine the label on a bottle of whisky , as Frank appear behind he . frank put that back . we can not just take any crap . jim it be not any crap . it 's whisky . it might be good to have . frank who 's argue about whisky ? I be say , do not get a cheap blend . Frank take a bottle of lagavulin . frank single malt . eighteen-year-old . Dark , full flavor . Jim start to back he trolley away . 45 . frank warm , but not aggressive . peaty after taste . CUT to : Jim , selena , Frank , and Hannah shopping , push they full trolley past the empty checkout desk . as Frank pass the till , he slap down a credit card , and they walk off . ext . STREET - day the fully load cab drive away from the supermarket , riding low on the suspension . int . cab - day the cab reach the on-ramp to the westway , and stop . selena we could have a problem here . ext . westway - day the cab sit at the back of a apparent traffic jam lead onto the westway . both side of the dual carriageway be jam - pack with abandon car , a desert gridlock . all car point in the same direction - out of town . some of the car be crash , riding up on each other , roll over , burn out . as the camera rise upwards , we can see that the gridlock snake along the entire distance of the flyover . like the destroy vehicle on the road to basra , it stretch for mile ... int . cab - day jim Jesus Christ . we be never go to be able to get out of London . frank do not you worry about that . I have sit twenty year in this seat . I have get my route . CUT to : 46 . ext . cab - day montage of the cab sweeping through suburban London , cut down side street , ducking down alley , sometimes pass under the westway flyover . during the montage , we see scene of devastation . Jim gaze out of the window as the cab pass a huge cluster of rotting corpse , collect under and in the scoop of a abandon bulldozer . the dead operator of the bulldozer lie a few foot away from he cabin . the montage end on : the cab bump down a steep grass verge onto the motorway . jim ( o.s. ) Nice cut - through . ext . motorway - day the cab drive down the motorway . there be still vehicle scattered crash , but fewer and fewer as distance be gain on the city . int . cab - day on the dashboard , the needle on the fuel gauge drift down to the red . int . cab - day a truck lay - by approach , with a shabby shack - style cafe . a sign outside the cafe read : cheeseburgers'r'us . and beneath : last cheeseburgers for sixty mile . in the forecourt be a couple of vehicle . a people- carrier family car , and a truck , slew off the road . Frank slow the cab to a halt , some hundred meter away . frank okay . we either do this now , or we be walk . 47 . ext . cab - day everyone exit the cab . selena take a jerry can and a length of plastic tube from the boot , and Frank give the ignition key to Hannah . frank if anything go wrong , you just drive . you put you foot down . and go as far as you can . no response from Hannah . frank you hear I , Hannah ? hannah yes , dad . Frank , Jim , and selena begin to walk towards the service station , hold they weapon at the ready . ext . lay - by - day cautiously , Frank , Jim and selena approach the truck . there be no sign of life around . selena stay close , Jim . jim ... what ? selena you hear . ext . truck - day while Jim and selena stand guard , Frank work quickly . he prise the fuel cap off , insert the tube , suck into the tube , and spit as the diesel begin to flow into the jerry can . int . cab - day Hannah watch from the driver 's seat . she have she hand on the wheel , and be slide she hand over the plastic , make a series of imaginary turn , shifting gear ... 48 . ext . truck - day as they wait for the can to fill , Jim toss he bat into the air , give it a single flip , catch it as the handle come back around ... be a bit flash . selena notice , and do not look impressed . almost in response to she nonpluss gaze , Jim begin to walk towards the cafe . selena where be you go ? Jim point he bat in the direction of the cafe . selena we have get enough food . jim we do not have any cheeseburger . ( to himself ) " stay close . " it 's like go on holiday with you fuck aunt . int . cafe - day Jim walk inside the cafe , and find the aftermath of carnage . decompose body lie scattered , on and under table : a couple of man , a female cook , and a young family . Jim walk towards the family . the father sit wedge between the seat and the table , which be both bolt to the floor . his neck be snap , head hang backwards . the mother lie a couple of foot away , on the floor , half over a infant , as if in a final protective gesture . Jim look down at they . then there be a noise behind . instinctively Jim snap around , swinging the bat as he do so - and connect against a small body , which fly backwards . only then do we - and Jim - see what he have hit . crumple , motionless on the ground be a infect kid , a eight year old boy . a moment . Jim look stunne , appal . 49 . then the infect kid 's eye flick open . still alive . Jim 's baseball bat swing down . ext . truck - day the can be full . Frank remove the tube . Jim appear . selena find anything . Jim say nothing . selena find anything , Jim ? jim no . selena let it pass - and the moment be break as Frank stand with the can . frank okay . we be do . he lift a hand to Hannah . int . cab - day Hannah smile , turn the ignition , and throw the cab into gear . ext . forecourt - day the cab tear towards Jim , selena and Frank , then - at the last moment - flip into a handbrake turn , and drift to a neat stop , a couple of meter from they . hannah ( lean out of the window ) I be a cab driver 's daughter . frank you be ayrton senna 's bloody daughter . 50 . int . cab - day the cab drive down the motorway , fuel needle press up against the full mark . the meter run up a tab of over three hundred pound ... ext . cab - day they pass a sign for manchester - 130 mile . int . cab - day the occupant have settle into the reflective silence of a long drive . selena seem lose in think . she look at Jim , who have he hand stick out the window , and be use he hand like a aerofoil , catch the wind , dip and rise . then she look at Frank , and notice ... ... Frank glance in the rear-view mirror at Hannah , who catch she dad 's eye . Frank smile , and give she a wink . ext . cab - day the cab drive along a-road . int . cab - late afternoon Jim be look through some of the bag of food . jim who 's unbelievably hungry ? all me. Jim look out of the window . they be in completely empty , roll countryside , stretch for mile . jim let 's have a picnic . ext . picnic spot - late afternoon they have stop in a beautiful spot , quite high , clear view . it be a beautiful day . the late afternoon sunshine be bright over the green field , tree cast long shadow . 51 . everyone be happily sit on the grass , eat from they hoard . Jim have pull open a packet of stale hot -cross bun ; Hannah empty a packet of malteser into she mouth ; Frank hold a block of cheddar , take bite from the cheese as if it be cake ; selena drink from a can of tin peach , swallow the piece almost whole , with the juice run down she chin . selena oh my God , yes . I can taste the vitamin C . I can feel it in my blood . jim ( crack a bun in half ) this be great . they be like huge biscuit . he offer half to Hannah , who take a bite . hannah it 's true . they be like biscuit . jim ( completely unintelligible , mouth full , spraying crumb ) a de phraisin be phrill moipht . Hannah and selena laugh . hannah ( to jim ) what do you say ? jim ( swallowing ) I say , the raisin be still moist . selena and Hannah laugh again . frank hey . everyone turn . frank look over there . 52 . some distance away , in the field below , a group of three horse - two adult and a foal - be gallop over the field as if wild . a majestic and surreal sight , and it somehow imply the way the world will change . hannah do you think they be infect ? frank no . I think they be do just fine . ext . field - late afternoon the horse gallop , leaping a stone wall , and away . ext . picnic spot - sunset the meal have be eat . Frank sit , play with he radio , try to listen to the faint broadcast . beside he , Hannah lie on she back , eye close . ext . fence gate - sunset Jim and selena have walk a little distance away from the other , and be sit on a fence gate , look over the view . jim you know what I be think ? selena consider this a moment . selena you be think that you will never hear another piece of original music ever again . you will never read a book that be not already write . or see a film that be not already shot . Jim smile . jim that 's what you be think . selena no ... I be think I be wrong . jim about what ? 53. selena do not reply for a moment . then she turn to look at Frank and Hannah - who look oddly normal , surround by the food wrapper from the picnic , Frank listen to the radio . selena all the death , all the shit - it do not really mean anything for Frank and Hannah . because she 's get she dad , and he 's get he daughter , so ... it 's okay . a beat . selena ( look back at Jim ) I be wrong when I tell you that stay alive be as good as it get . jim ( smile ) that 's what I be think . selena ... be it ? jim uh-huh . you steal my think . selena lean over and give Jim a light kiss on the cheek . selena ( smile back at Jim ) sorry . jim ( slightly surprised , but pleased ) ah , keep it . ext . picnic spot - sunset Frank switch off the radio . he look over at Hannah , who be doze peacefully , then over to Jim and selena . frank ( calling ) it 's get late . we should stay here the night . Jim raise a hand in reply . 54 . ext . cab / picnic spot - night the cab sit , park up at the picnic spot . Jim , selena , Frank and Hannah lie beside it , wrap in they jacket , use they small backpack as pillow . the moon be bright , and only selena be asleep ... hannah can not sleep . jim nor can I . it do not feel safe , outdoors like this . frank I think we be safe enough . a couple of moment pass . hannah ... selena do not seem to have any trouble . jim I know . I notice that too . ( reach over and shaking selena' shoulder ) selena ... selena ! selena ( extremely drowsy ) what ... what be it ... jim how do you manage to get to sleep ? selena give a dozy grumble , then sit up , reach into she backpack , and pull out several bottle of pill . she hand one of they to Jim . frank bloody hell . you must have need a hell of a prescription for that lot . selena ( drowsy ) I do not need a prescription . I be a qualified chemist . she drop back down and go straight back to sleep . 55 . jim ( inspect the bottle ) valium . great . not only will it get we to sleep , but if we get attack during the night , we will not even care . ( pop the lid ) two each ? frank not for I , thanks . jim ( indicating hannah ) what about ...? hannah can I , dad ? frank ( doubtful ) I do not know , honey . hannah Da - ad , plee-ease . I can not sleep . frank all right , all right . give she half of one . fade to : jim' valium dream Jim be riding he bike through the city . it 's London back to normal , pre-infection . busy street , traffic , pedestrian , car horn , radio play . Jim ride fast , he courier bag over he shoulder , weaving between car , shoot a red light , turn a corner into ... gower Street . suddenly , a car pull out into Jim 's path . the car brake hard , and Jim brake hard , skid ... ... and the two miss each other by a whisker . the Driver flash into road rage . the driver you stupid cunt ! jim fuck you ! 56 . the Driver flip Jim the finger , and accelerate away . Jim remain stop by the pavement , one foot down for balance , breathe hard . pedestrian pass . group of people , everyday people , walk by . Jim watch they , notice they face . some talk to each other , or into mobile phone . some smile , or walk lose in think . after a few moment , Jim set off again , seemingly distract , still watch pedestrian ' face ... then two of the face seem to catch he attention . a man and a woman , middle - age , chat . his parent . Jim 's head turn as he pass they , confusion on he face , he bike drift into another lane ... ... into the path of a second car . the car that hit he . CUT to : ext . cab / picnic spot - night frank ( quietly ) hey . Frank 's hand be on Jim 's shoulder . Jim stir , half - wake . jim ( confuse , semi-conscious ) what ... Frank be sit beside he - and we see for the first time that Frank be awake , keep guard over they while they sleep . frank shh . you be have a bad dream , that 's all . Jim 's face relax a little . jim ( mumble , half - asleep already ) okay , dad . Frank raise he eyebrow , then smile . 57 . ext . cab / picnic spot - early morning Jim be sit up . the other be all awake . Frank bounce the repair flat tire to check it , Hannah slip on a fresh sweatshirt from she backpack , selena lean against the cab , chew on a chocolate bar . jim here you go , Frank . this be how you catch dew . I be cover in the fuck stuff . frank ( pack the spare away ) okay . let 's get roll . ( he check he watch ) if we make good time , we will be there before midday . ext . motorway - day the cab be drive , towards we , then slow to a halt . int . cab - day everyone be look at something ahead of they . they seem awestruck . jim bloody hell ... frank it must be Manchester . jim but , the whole of Manchester . the whole city ... selena no fire crew to put it out . we see what they be look at ... ext . cab - day on the horizon ahead , there be the glow of a truly massive fire . the smoke spread into the sky like the plume from a vast , spread volcano crater . the city burn . 58 . int . cab - day the cab drive towards the surreal sight . as they drive , pale flake begin to fall , drift past the window . jim it can not be ... hannah be it snow ? frank ( hit the windscreen wiper ) it 's ash . ext . cab - day - ash fall the cab drive through the ash fall . through the soft blizzard , they pass a sign for : manchester - 14 mile ( in the opposite lane ) . the city be behind they . ext . motorway - day - ash fall the cab drive down a motorway . the ash be still fall , and they start to pass body by the roadside . int . cab - day - ash fall Inside the cab there be a sense of real anticipation . everyone be sit up , scan the road ahead . then they come over the brow of a hill , and the ash - fall clear like mist parting , to reveal ... frank okay , everyone . I think this be it . ext . motorway - day fifty meter down , the road be blockade . it be obviously a military construction - hurriedly put together , but expertly build . behind roll of razor wire be fifteen foot sheet of corrugate iron , hold upright by scaffold pipe . in the middle of the blockade there be a gap wide enough to get a vehicle through , but concrete block force a chicane . 59 . on either side of the road there be sandbag nest . on the corrugate iron , white paint word read : 42nd blockade . but despite the impressive construction , there be no sign of movement or life . int . cab - day jim try the horn . selena do not . we might attract the wrong kind of attention . ext . 42nd blockade - day the cab roll slowly towards the blockade - past many more body , infect , rotting . it reach the chicane , and ease around the concrete block . then it pass through the gap in the corrugate barrier . on the other side of the blockade , canvas tent have be erect on the grass verge , and two transporter truck be park . a few pack crate and tarpaulin be also scattered around . but still no sign of life . the blockade appear to have be abandon . franks slow to a halt , but keep the engine run . int . cab - day frank what do you think ? jim it look desert . selena or overrun . Frank flick the radio on - there be only static . he switch it off again . frank let 's check it out . 60 . ext . 42nd blockade - day everyone exit the cab , hold they various weapon . Jim have he baseball bat , selena have she machete , and Frank have he lead pipe ... cautiously , they begin to explore . they first head over to the grass verge and the tent . in front of one of they , Hannah pick up a Bergen backpack . she upend it , and a few clothes fall out . Frank move past she , and carefully pull back the tent flap - machete at the ready . Inside , there be a small table , and map and papers be strewn across the floor . and a radio . hannah I do not understand . do they leave ? Jim push open the flap of another tent with he baseball bat . jim they do not all leave . Inside , several body bag lie , buzzing with fly . selena stand several foot away , by one of the pack case . she pull out a tangle of camouflage webbing , then let it drop back inside . selena I do not like this . I think we should go . frank ( suddenly snapping ) no ! ( compose himself ) the vehicle . we should check the vehicle first . there have to be something ... ext . vehicle - day Frank jump down from the back of one of the truck . like the other , like everything else it be empty . frank nothing . nothing here . I can not believe it . selena Frank . 61 . frank " we should go . " selena yes . frank ( exploding ) go fuck where ? what the fuck be we suppose to do ? how be this go to fuck end ? it 's never go to - Frank cut himself off . then , turn from the other , he walk away . ext . blockade - day Frank walk underneath the archway of one of the blockade structure , and sit down . need to be alone . his head sink , stare at the ground beneath he leg . a couple of moment later he look up - and see that sit opposite of he , on the other side of the archway , almost mirrore he posture and position , be a dead infect . the corpse of the infect sit gaze back at Frank with sightless eye . a moment between the two of they . a blank - face exchange . Frank look leave and see the corpse of another infect , a few foot beyond the blockade . and another , beyond it . and another , a few more foot to the right . then Frank look upwards . above he , on the walkway of the blockade , another corpse lie . and this corpse be swarm with crow , pick at it . Frank get up . frank ( under he breath ) get out it . ( suddenly shout ) get out of it ! he bend , pick up a rock and throw it , but miss , sailing past they . in a rage again , Frank go under the blockade and start to kick it . the scaffold clang , vibrate , and - startle - the crow lift off from the mutilate corpse and fly ... 62 . ... dislodge , or disrupt , a single droplet of blood from the corpse , that roll off the neck , and begin to fall downward . down ... to where Frank gaze upwards . the droplet splashes , pinpoint perfect , on Frank 's eye . Frank frown , he hand immediately go to he face . the finger come away , with the tiny smear of red . hannah dad ... be you okay ? Frank turn . Hannah be there , with Jim . selena stand a little way further back . frank I ... I be fine , honey . I be sorry . I just lose my temper . I ... he break off . hannah ... what ? Frank frown . a hand go to he temple . frank Hannah ... abruptly , the color be drain from he face . frank ( to hannah ) get away from I . hannah ... dad ? frank get away from I ! ( to jim ) get she away from I ! hannah ( move to Frank ) why ? what 's ... Frank lash out and shove Hannah away , knock she back to the ground . frank get away from I ! 63. a trickle of blood run out of Frank 's nose . then he double up , clutching the side of he head . he scream with pain . selena Jim ... ( break into a run ) Jim , he 's infect ! hannah no ! no ! Hannah lunge towards she dad , but be catch by selena . selena ( hold Hannah back ) Jim ! but Jim be freeze , hold he baseball bat . Frank scream again . then drop to he knee . Hannah struggle with selena , try to get to Frank . hannah dad ! selena Jim ! Jim be still freeze , baseball bat half - raise . selena kill he ! and Frank look up , he face contort . the infection have take hold . and at that moment there be a rifle report , a rush of air , and a rapid thump of impact . Frank fall forward to the tarmac . a moment of silence . hannah ... dad ? selena let Hannah go . suddenly , the gunfire come again . Three shot in quick succession - into Frank 's motionless body . in a daze , Hannah start towards she dead father . 64 . clifton stay away from he ! they all turn to see three british soldier stand by a jeep . one of the soldier ( farrell ) advance , with he gun still raise , while the other ( Mitchell and clifton ) hold back give cover . farrell get away from the man ! now ! Jim step towards Hannah and grab she , pull she away from Frank 's body . she do not struggle . she be in a state of absolute shock . selena ( quietly ) Jesus . ext . road - day a jeep drive down a small road - away from the blockade . Jim , selena and Hannah sit in the back . behind be the cab , drive by the sergeant . a little way ahead of they , the wall grounds of a huge country mansion appear . ext . front driveway - day from a cast- iron gated entrance , a gravel driveway lead up to the impressive country mansion , surround by a high perimeter wall . the grounds show acre of lawn and flower bed . this have obviously have many year of very careful cultivation and attention , but now be just start to look unkempt and overgrown . the jeep pull up by the front step . wait there be another soldier , a major . like the other soldier , he be unshaven , but have the authority of command about he , even in the relaxed way that he stand . as Jim , selena and Hannah dismount from the jeep , he appraise they . then speak . henry I be Major Henry west. welcome . we have get bed with clean sheet and a boiler that produce hot water . so you can all have a shower . you look like you need one . Jim , selena , and tear-streaked Hannah gaze back at Henry blankly . 65 . int . shower - day Jim have a shower , see the cab drive round in circle outside the shower window , then ... int . mansion - day Jim walk down a sweeping staircase to the front hall . scatter around be various bit of military gear . a pair of muddy boot , a jacket , assort kit , webbing , etc . ext . veranda - day Henry be sit , look out over the back lawn . pull back , we see Jim be with he . henry you hear we broadcast . jim yes . henry we must be a disappointment . you be hope for a full brigade . a army base , with helicopter and field hospital . jim we be hope for ... henry the answer to infection . well , as I say , it 's here . though it may not be quite what you imagine . jim I do not know what to imagine , so ... we just feel lucky to have find you . henry you be lucky . the fire drive hundred of infect out of Manchester . the surround area be teeming with they . Henry glance back at Jim . 66 . henry but there 's no need for you to worry . we be well protect here . ext . garden - day Henry show Jim around the grounds . henry Three - sixty visibility . flat terrain all around the house ... floodlight , which we have rig up to a generator . do not like to waste the fuel , but when we want to , we can turn night into day . move on ... henry High perimeter wall , which help , and we have be lace the grounds with trip wire and land mine . Henry indicate where farrell , Smith and Davis can be see , run a trip wire . henry you would not want to go mow the lawn , but if they get in , we hear they . int . mansion - lower level - day Henry lead Jim into the basement level of the mansion . henry secondary to protection , we real job be to rebuild . start again . down here be the wood - fire boiler that provide we with hot water . we first step to civilization . then to a kitchen ... henry and here , the kitchen . int . mansion - kitchen - day several of the soldier be unpack the food bag from the cab . one of the soldier , Jones , be wear a apron . 67 . henry what be you cooking , Jones ? jone it 's a surprise , sir ! ext . mailer be pit - day Henry lead Jim into a small courtyard , hang with bloodstain laundry . henry and finally ... the laundry start to billow - and with it we hear the sound of rush movement . as a darkly stain sheet be rip aside , a infect be reveal only a few foot away . Jim jump back , but Henry stay put - as the infect be suddenly jerk backwards by a chain around its neck . henry ... meet mailer . mailer be uniform . a soldier . apart from the chain around he neck , he be gag with a filthy and blood- blacken rag tie tight into he mouth . henry mailer , jim. Jim , mailer . get infect three day ago . Mitchell manage to knock he out cold . get a chain around he neck . jim you be keep he alive ? henry the idea be to learn something about infection . have he teach I . jim and have he ? henry in a way . ( kneel ) he 's teach I he will never bake bread . Plant crop , raise livestock . he 's tell I he 's futureless . and eventually he will tell I how long the infect take to starve to death . 68 . a moment . henry dinner 's at seven . do not forget to tell the girl . Henry exit , leave Jim with mailer . mailer lunge at Jim - a moment between they . then Jim exit . int . girl ' bedroom - day carefully , Jim open the door to the girl ' bedroom . Inside be Hannah lie on the bed , face cover , on she side . selena lie behind she , she arm lie protectively over Hannah 's body . selena look around , see Jim , and put a finger to she lip . int . jim' bedroom - night Jim and selena enter , and close the door . jim ... so how be she ? selena she 's lose she dad . that 's how she be . ( a moment ) it 's all fuck , Jim . suddenly selena look as if she 's on the verge of tear . jim hey , do not ... do that . look , Hannah ... Hannah 's what Frank say she be . tough . strong . and just like I , just like you , she will cope ... selena shut up , Jim . just shut up . I do not want she to fuck cope . I want she to be okay . and when Hannah have she dad , it be all okay . remember ? and when it be okay for they , it be okay for we . and now it 's all fuck . 69 . then selena 's tear be flow . Jim seem to want to reply , but do not have the word . instead , he lift selena 's face and kiss she on the lip ... ... a moment . then selena push he a away . selena leave the room . int . mansion - dine room - night a surreal scene . dinner , with full silver service , candle , wine and crystal glass , napkin , and everyone rather formally sit while Jones lay food on the table , wear a apron over he uniform . make all the more surreal by Jim and selena 's grubby clothes , and Hannah 's daze , tear -streak face . henry so , what have we here ? tin ham , tin peas , and omelette . you have prepare a feast , Jones . jone honor of we guest , sir . henry absolutely . I be go to suggest a toast , but this omelette will do just as well . ( cut off a chunk of omelette and raise it ) to new friend . Henry pop the omelette in he mouth , then promptly spit it out . henry Jones , do you notice while cooking that this egg be off ? jone I think the salt might cover the taste , sir . 70 . henry ( push he plate away ) get rid of it . Henry turn to Hannah as Jones sheepishly exit , carry the omelette . henry I do not suppose you can cook , can you ? I can not tell you how badly we need someone who show a little flair in the kitchen . Hannah ignore / be unaware of Henry 's attempt to bring she out of she shell . meanwhile , the soldier start help themselves to the other food on the table . davis that 's a fuck disappointment . when I see that egg , I think it be Christmas . bell we will have egg again . once everything 's back to normal . the soldier pause . Exchange glance . then burst out laugh . mitchell listen to he ! he 's still wait for Marks and Spencer 's to reopen . more laughter at Bell - interrupt by the sergeant , farrell , who conspicuously be not join in . farrell I think Bell 's get a point . if you look at the whole life of the planet , man have only be around for a few blink of a eye . so if the infection wipe we all out , that be a return to normality . farrell turn to Bell . farrell be that what you mean , Bell ? bell uh...yeah . 71 . henry ( to Jim and selena ) have you meet we new - age sergeant ? ( to farrell ) remind I , farrell , why exactly do you join the army in the first place . a moment . henry this be what I have see in the four week since infection . people kill people . which be much what I see in the four week before infection , and the four week before that , and before that , as far back as I care to remember ... people kill people . which to my mind put we in a state of normality right now . selena turn to Hannah . selena ( quiet ) you be not eat . hannah I do not want to eat . Henry pick up on they exchange . henry you must eat , Hannah . hannah I do not want to eat . I want to bury my dad . he 's one of the people you be talk about . a silence over the dinner table . Broken by the thud of a mine detonation . then ... farrell stand to ! and suddenly all the soldier be kick back they chair , jump to they foot . produce sa - 80s that they have under the table . 72 . ext . mansion - night farrell , Jones , Mitchell , bedford , Smith and clifton race out of the house , fan , drop into position . mitchell go , go , go ! two more soldier , Davis and Bell , fire from window position on the mansion 's first floor . farrell Jones ! cover right ! smith Three o'clock ! Three o'clock ! come across the grounds be four infect , sprinting across the lawn towards the house . immediately , one of they be catapult into the air by a explosion under its foot - a mine . the soldier open fire , Jones close he eye as he pull the trigger . the three remain infect be cut down - one hit in the head by Smith , another fold under a burst from farrell , the last fall under fire from Mitchell , landing face down on a mine which explode onto its chest . chunks of infect spin into the air , then patter down like a light rain . mitchell ( delighted ) that be mad ! do you see that ! that be fuck mad ! farrell ( angry ) clear ! jone clear . mitchell ( still laughing ) clear . ( to jone ) fuck I , I never see that before . keel over and - bam ! go , like fuck magic . 73. smith I draw a lovely bead . one shot . right between its eye . int . live room - night Jim stand , look out of the open french window at the soldier . selena be stand behind he . she be hold she machete . the soldier bounce in . Mitchell and Smith in particular be hype from they adrenaline rush . mitchell it be all hang in the air , and all this bit come down , and ... Mitchell catch sight of selena hold she machete . mitchell hello . he head towards she , and take the machete from she hand . mitchell I will tell you what : you do not need this penknife any more , sweetie . I be here to protect you now . ( wink at the other soldier ) but listen , if you want to hold a huge chopper ... bedford burst out laugh , and selena grab she machete back . mitchell whoa ! feisty ! he give she a slap on the backside . selena fuck you ! mitchell you bet . how about right now ? now doubly hype . Mitchell reach forward and pull up the hem of selena 's T-shirt . she yelp and twist , knock back he hand . 74 . mitchell yeah ! a little rough stuff ! farrell mitchell ! but farrell clearly have little command over Mitchell , who try again for selena 's T-shirt , still laugh . Jim snap . jim ( angrily grabbing mitchell ) cut it out ! and Mitchell turn immediately on Jim , he sexual charge flipping seamlessly back to violence . mitchell ( grab Jim , propelling he back across the room , up against a wall ) easy , tiger . you do not want to go pick a fight with I . suddenly farrell be behind Mitchell . we see a movement ( a kidney punch ) , and Mitchell drop . mitchell ( gasp , on the ground ) ahh , you cunt . cunt . then - as if through sixth sense , sense a presence , all turn . Henry be stand in the doorway . a moment . then Henry turn to Mitchell - who have pick himself up , and be clutching he side , breathe hard . henry corporal , first point of order after a attack . mitchell re-secure the perimeter , sir . henry then get to it . Jones , bedford , go with he . ( to farrell ) sergeant . 75 . farrell ( tightly ) sir. henry clear the body off the lawn . the rest of you go with he . the soldier exit , leave only Jim , Henry and selena in the room . selena be shake , and will not meet Jim 's eye . Henry hand selena she machete back . henry my apology . selena take the machete and exit , but Jim do not follow . obviously there be something he want to say to Henry . int . study room - night Jim and Henry enter the study room . henry drink ? Henry walk over to a drink cabinet , and pour two brandy , wait for Jim to speak . jim look . we be grateful . very grateful for you protection , and just to have find other people . but if we be go to stay here with you , you be go to have to stop you man from - henry who have you kill ? jim ( thrown ) I have not kill anyone . Henry hand Jim he drink . henry since it begin , who have you kill ? you would not be alive now if you have not kill somebody . 76 . a moment . jim a boy . I kill a boy . henry a child ? jim yes . henry but you have to . otherwise he would have kill you . survival . I understand . ( beat ) I promise they woman . jim what ? henry eight day ago I find Jones with he gun in this mouth . he say he be go to kill himself because there be no future . what could I say to he ? we kill all the infect or wait until they starve to death . and then what ? what do nine man do except wait to die themselves ? ( beat ) I move we from the blockade , I set the radio broadcasting , and I promise they woman . because woman mean child . Jim turn and run out of the room . henry and child mean a future . int . girl ' bedroom - night Jim burst into the girl ' bedroom . selena be dress , sit next to Hannah , who be awake . jim get up . get up ! selena wha ... 77 . jim we have get to get out of here ! selena but we ... jim ( haul they up ) we be leave . now ! now ! int . mansion stair - night Jim and the girl run down the stair ... ... head for the front door . but behind it be Mitchell , wait , hold he sa - 80 . Jim be hit full in the face , and black out . as he come around , he can hear the sound of shouting and scream . farrell be back away from other soldier , who be close in on he , even though he gun be raise . farrell you can not do this ! you can not do this ! get back ! I will fuck slot you ! I will slot you , I fuck swear it ! but he do not follow he threat through . we hear he scream as the soldier overpower he . Jim look up , and see Henry be kneel over he . henry I want to give you a chance . you can be with we , or not . Jim stare back at he . and Henry gaze at Jim , search behind Jim 's eye . and understand what he find . henry okay , jim. okay . Henry give Jim 's cheek a soft pat , then rise . henry ( to mitchell ) him too . 78 . Jim 's eye flick to the side , where he see selena hold Hannah tightly . selena look down at Jim , terrify . Black screen . farrell' voice he 's insane . int . cellar Jim , blindfolded , be sit beside a radiator , to which he hand be tie . he be in a cellar . farrell be on the other side of the small room , also tie . Jim , blind , look around at the sound of farrell 's voice . farrell you know what they be do , a few hundred mile from here ? across the channel , across the Atlantic , they be eat dinner . they be wonder what to watch on tv tonight . they be sleep next to they wife . Jim 's head turn . farrell but we be here , chain to a fuck radiator because the oc have go insane . start the world again when the rest of the world have not even fuck stop . think about it ! how could infection cross the ocean ? how could it cross the mountain and the river ? they stop it . and right now tvs be play and plane be fly in the sky and the world be continue as fuck normal . think . actually think about it . what would you do with a disease little island ? a moment . farrell they quarantine we . a moment . 79 . farrell ( quiet ) there be no infection . it 's just people kill people . ( beat ) he 's insane . jim ... quarantine ? then the door to the cellar burst open , revealing Mitchell and Jones . ext . tree - line path - day Mitchell and Jones be lead Jim and farrell through a small forest at the back of the mansion garden . time have pass . it have start raining . both Jim and farrell have be badly beat . Jim 's shirt be rip . blood run from he nose , and from a cut on the side of he head . he seem daze . numbed . more by the situation than he beat . ext . execution ground - day Jim and farrell be lead into a clear . just ahead be a high , ivy - cover brick wall - the perimeter wall of the mansion . and at the base of the wall be body . stack , tangle , swarm with fly . Jim turn , and see Mitchell and Jones stand behind he . farrell come on then , you fuck pansy . do I first . Mitchell grin , and pull out he bayonet . farrell so you be go to stick I , Mitchell ? be that it ? ( to jone ) be that how you be go to let you sergeant go out , Jones ? jone no , Mitch . do it with the gun . Mitchell ignore Jones , and start to fix the blade to the end of he gun . 80 . farrell you be go to let he stick I , be you ? like a fuck dog ? jone Mitch , come on . just shoot he . mitchell why ? jone because it 's quick . mitchell so ? the bayonet fix home with a click . jone I will shoot he , then . mitchell you fuck will not . ( to farrell ) any last word ? farrell spit in Mitchell 's face . mitchell I be go to enjoy this . Mitchell pull back he bayonet , and at that moment , there be a explosion of gunfire . Jones have fire and kill farrell . as farrell drop , the enraged Mitchell turn on Jones . mitchell you stupid cunt ! what be you do ? Mitchell knock Jones down , put he gun right in Jones 's face . jone ( whirling ) how do he ... they turn . Jim have vanish . from the side of the clear , in the tree , there be the sound of sudden movement . jone there ! 81 . both man immediately set off , diving back into the foliage ... a beat pass . then , in the pile of body , one of they sit up ... ... Jim . we have be look right at he . but in the tangle of body , and the bloodstain clothes , he camouflage be complete . ext . tree - day - light rain Mitchell and Jones move fast , scan , push through the undergrowth . Mitchell be absolutely furious . and as they run , they startle a couple of bird , which fly up from the ground , make a suspiciously familiar noise ... they both have the same realization at the same moment . ext . execution ground - day Mitchell and Jones burst back into the clear , and they start fire into the body , empty a full clip into the corpse ... .... silence . then Jones look up to the ivy-color wall ... follow the path of the ivy upwards , to the coiled razor wire , where a scrap of tear and bloody clothing hang . jone oh no . we be fuck , we be fuck . mitchell no problem . he 's outside . no gun . no vehicle . he 's a dead man . ext . wood - day Jim run through the wood , away from the mansion . his hand be still tie . he be out of breath , frighten , jump at every sound . then he trip , roll down a short slope , and when he come to rest , he be look upwards . above he , there be a parting in the cloud , and through the parting be blue sky . 82. and across the sky , bisect the blue , be a single vapor trail . a pin-prick of silver plane . follow by a sonic boom . as much in Jim 's head as anywhere else . CUT to : int . door - day Close - up of a close door , with the sound of a struggle on the other side . then , suddenly , selena 's voice : hard , desperate : selena you can not do this to she ! she 's only fourteen ! int . dressing room - day - rain ( note : in the room be a large , freestand mirror . ) Hannah and selena be cornere by clifton , bedford , Bell and Davis . the soldier be hype . bedford pull clothes out of a wardrobe , yanking out dress , underwear - throw they at the girl . Bell stand by the close door - frighten , catch like a rabbit in the headlight between testosterone madness and the horror . and clifton be laugh , animal - like , tear at selena 's clothes , while Hannah be kick and scream - hold by Davis . Close - up on selena : suddenly transfix by Hannah the young girl 's fight , the hopelessness . abruptly , selena turn , grab clifton 's arm , and to he amazement , yank he around . then she kiss he on the lip . simply , but unambiguously . Bell , Davis and bedford watch in amazement . selena break off . the frenzy have be break by she extraordinary action - and bizarrely , so have the balance of power . 83. selena you need to give I a moment with Hannah . alone . clifton nod - he seem a little daze . clifton the oc . he ... he want you to ... selena he want we to dress up nice . she pick up two of the dress bedford have throw - the red dress . selena but if you want we to change , you will have to get out of the room . a moment . selena ( calm , powerful ) it 's just fuck polite . another moment . then clifton nod . acquiesce . clifton ( to the other ) okay . clear out . they exit . selena stand with Hannah , empty pill from she valium bottle . selena eat they . Hannah hesitates . selena ( hard ) eat they , Hannah ! Hannah take the handful of pill and hold they in she open palm . then she look to selena . hannah be you kill I ? 84 . a moment - maybe a single moment of tenderness , a strand of hair brush from Hannah 's face . selena no . I be make you not care . lock eye with selena , Hannah raise the first pill to she mouth . then the next . the door behind open - revealing the soldier . clifton see what be happen . clifton hey ! what the fuck be you do ? selena cram the pill into Hannah 's mouth . the soldier lunge for the girl , as Hannah try to swallow the pill , and selena whirl to fight they off ... ... and at that moment , the sound of distant siren begin to rise . everyone freeze . then ... selena Jim . bedford he 's at the blockade ! int . mansion - stair - day - rain the soldier run down the stair . jone he go over the wall ! we think he would be dead sir ! henry shut up ! Davis - you be come with I ! ext . blockade - day - rain Jim stand in the blockade , turn the handle of a siren . rain be pour down , mingling with the blood on he face . Jim stop , and the sound of the siren start to fade away . 85 . from the motorway ahead , through the rain , a jeep be approach . ext . motorway - late afternoon - rain the jeep drive fast down the motorway , and pull up . Davis be drive and Henry stand on the back , man the jeep 's mount machine gun . the jeep pull up , one hundred meter from the blockade , and Henry bring the mount machine gun to bear on the blockade . henry okay . let 's see if we can sidestep the cat -and - mouse bullshit . Henry open fire . ext . blockade - late afternoon - rain bullet rip through the blockade , punch hole through the vehicle , smash through the pack crate ... ext . motorway - late afternoon - rain Henry stop shoot . with a peal of thunder , the rain suddenly begin to flood down . the barrel of the machine gun spit and steam as the raindrop hit the hot metal . ext . blockade - late afternoon - heavy rain Davis pull up at the outskirt of the blockade , and they get out of the truck . Henry and Davis make they way into the blockade . with a signal from Henry , the two split up . ext . blockade - with henry - late afternoon - heavy rain Henry move through the blockade . he let off a control burst of shot into the tent . ext . blockade - with davis - late afternoon - heavy rain stealthily , Davis search around the truck and tent ... 86 . a flash of movement - fast , like a infect , ducking behind one of truck : Jim . Davis wipe the rain from he eye , and press forward . Jim be nowhere to be see . another flash of movement , around the back of the next truck . Davis move around the truck ... but Jim be not there . davis fuck . Davis turn , and see ... ... Jim , fly towards he , hold Frank 's lead pipe , lip draw back over he tooth in a rictus smile , murderous . he be the vision of the infect , in he expression , he movement , the blood , everything . ext . blockade - with henry - late afternoon - heavy rain Henry turn , as if have just hear something . perhaps a scream . henry ( calling ) Jim ? another noise . this time it be unambiguously a infect howl . Henry turn again . from down the motorway , and from the field , he can now see the infect . a large number , attract by noise of the heavy machine gun , be approach . he loose off a couple of shot at the infect , then start to back away to the jeep . ext . jeep - late afternoon - heavy rain Henry run up to the jeep . through the rain , and the water run down the windscreen , Henry can see a figure sit at the driver 's seat . henry Davis ? the figure do not move . Henry approach cautiously , gun raise , and find ... 87 . ... Davis sit on the front seat , dead , he skull smashed open . Henry whirl , expect to find Jim behind he . but there be no one there . Henry shoot again , blindly , empty he clip at anything and everything around he . he reload - hurriedly , hand slip on the wet clip , betray nervousness ... ... and fire at a rain shadow that sweep between two of the tent . then he nerve be go . henry Fine ! Fine , you little bastard ! Fucking die out here ! Henry haul out Davis 's body , get into the driver 's seat , turn the ignition ... ... but nothing be happen . Henry turn the key again , desperately . the motor do not even turn over . reaching under the dashboard , he pull out a handful of wire . henry Jim . and at the moment , a infect slam onto the windscreen , face against the glass . Henry shout out of surprise and anger , lift he gun , and fire at point - blank range , through the glass , into the infect 's face . the windscreen shatter , blow outward . and now , where we view be obscure by rain - wash glass , we can see clearly ... ... infect , in the blockade , come through the downpour , run towards the jeep . Henry open fire and cut they down . 88. ext . mailer be pit - night - heavy rain Jim appear above mailer in he pit , and shoot off mailer 's chain . int . live room - night - heavy rain Jones stand hold he gun at selena and Hannah , who sit on the sofa , opposite each other . also in the room be clifton , stand by the french window , and Mitchell . Jones seem jumpy , a sheen of sweat on he forehead , as if sense that thing have go seriously wrong . a flicker of lightning light up outside . jone what be that ? be that a claymore ? mitchell it be lightning . jone but I hear something . a moment . rain and wind lash the window . mitchell I will go and hit the flood . take a butcher 's . Girls , keep a eye on he , would you ? Mitchell exit . Jones wipe at the bead of sweat on he upper lip . and in noticeable contrast , Hannah be completely calm ... hannah that pill . I think they be have a effect . I can feel they , and ... I do not feel sleepy , but ... her sentence trail off . then she turn to Jones . hannah ( to jone ) they have be a long time . Jones say nothing . hannah what be you go to do if they do not come back ? 89 . Jones still say nothing , but the question be clearly hit a nerve . hannah will you be the boss if Henry be dead ? be that the way if work ? selena look at Hannah quickly . jone shut up . hannah I do not think they be come back . I think they have be kill . jone I tell you to shut up ! selena ( nervous ) Hannah ... hannah ( flat ) they be dead . Hannah 's eye flick over Jones 's shoulder , and something fleeting pass over she face . hannah you be go to be next . at that moment , a mine detonate in the mansion grounds . jone shit ! at that moment , the floodlight power up ... ... illuminate mailer , just on the other side of the french window , just behind clifton , a split second before he smashes through . then he do smash through . clifton be throw to the ground , with mailer on top of he . clifton help ! shoot he ! shoot he ! Jones be hopeless , panic - fire , and miss . 90 . Hannah watch , space out . selena shake Hannah by the shoulder , pull Hannah upwards . selena Hannah ! Hannah ! we have to get out of here ! mailer vomit blood into clifton 's face . int . hallway - night - heavy rain selena and Hannah back out of the live room , through the house . Hannah be very doped up . selena oh Jesus , Jesus , Hannah , stay with it , stay with it . hannah ( relaxed , as she 's yank along ) do not worry . I feel fine . really . they reach the front hallway , and the front door burst open ... Mitchell , with bedford . mitchell what the fuck 's go on ? what 's all the shouti ... Mitchell be cut off by a high scream , from down the hall , in the direction of the live room . all turn , and see ... ... Jones , run , scream , out of one doorway , across the hallway . he have lose he weapon - and be chase by mailer , but not clifton . like a train pass , in half a second they be out of sight . a moment . then Mitchell explode . mitchell ( to bedford ) do not just fuck stand there ! get after they ! 91 . int . kitchen - night - heavy rain mailer chase Jones into the kitchen , but when he enter , Jones be nowhere to be see . mailer turn , and see bedford in the kitchen doorway , hold he gun . bedford what the fuck be you go to do now , eh ? but just as bedford lift he gun to shoot mailer ... clifton run at he , full speed from down the corridor ... ... and bedford be knock sideways by the infect clifton . ext . mansion - night - heavy rain Jim be at the kitchen window , look in as bedford be kill by mailer and clifton . int . kitchen - cupboard - night - heavy rain Jones cover inside a cupboard , hearing bedford 's scream . int . mansion - stair - night - heavy rain mitchell ( grabbing selena ) up! up! Mitchell push the girl up the stair . at the top of the staircase , wide - eye with fear , be Bell . bell Mitchell ? what 's go on ? mitchell stay here and defend this stair with you fuck life ! he turn back to the girl , still hold selena 's arm , and Hannah be go . selena see she , head away down towards the corridor . selena Hannah ! 92 . Mitchell start pull selena in the opposite direction from Hannah . int . dressing room - night - heavy rain Hannah run into the dress room . the freestand mirror sit in the middle of the floor . also on the floor be she clothes , and she start to look through they , look for she jeans ... ... which she lift up , then dig in the pocket , and pull out ... a photo of she with Frank and she mother . she gaze at the photo . at that moment , there be a noise from behind she . she look up , and see , in the reflection of the mirror , clifton , run down the corridor towards she . with clifton : we burst into the dress room , which be now empty . clifton freeze , then look around . and the camera pull back , to reveal Hannah , cling on to the back of the large mirror , tremble . a moment - then clifton move on . int . kitchen - night - heavy rain silence in the kitchen . bedford lie dead , tear to piece . a cupboard creak slowly open , and Jones peer out . he have be hide . tremble with fear , he crawl out ... move into the kitchen ... peer out into the hall . it be empty . Jones start run . down the corridor outside the kitchen . int . front hall - night - heavy rain Jones run into the front hall ... and suddenly stop . Dead in he track . 93. Jim be stand right in front of he . Jones look surprised , wide eye . his mouth open , but no sound come out . pull back , to see : Jones have run straight into Jim 's bayonet . Jones fall , take the gun and bayonet with he . Jim step over he body , and into the house ... int . radio room - night - heavy rain Jim run through the radio room . in the break between two blast of lightning , the room go dark . when it be re-illuminated , Jim have go , and mailer and clifton have enter . int . mansion - stair - night - heavy rain Jim run up the stair . ext . mansion - night - heavy rain Henry walk into the front hall , where he find Jones . Jones be lie flat on he back , mortally wounded , gaze up . still alive - but only just . take he very last breath . Henry kneel beside he , and Jones 's eye turn to he officer . he blink , try to speak , but be too weak and close to death to form the word . Henry 's hand close around Jones . Jones blink once more . and die . int . mansion - corridor - night - heavy rain Jim run down a corridor . he try a door . lock . jim Hannah ! selena ! he try another door . open . 94 . he run through ... int . child bedroom - night - heavy rain ... into a kid 's bedroom . Jim move a sofa to block the doorway - which , as it be move , reveal ... ... Bell , hide , cower , terrify . foetal . bell ( whimpering ) I do not have any bullet ! I do not have any fuck bullet ! mailer and clifton outside try to force they way through , and the sofa jump forward a inch . a infect arm flail through the half - open door . Jim leave Bell , and climb out the window . as Jim exit , the door to the room burst open . bell ( scream ) do not leave I ! ext . ledge - night - heavy rain Jim climb along the outside ledge , around the corner of the building . behind he , we can hear Bell scream as he be kill . Jim keep go until he reach the slope of the mansion 's pitch roof . there , he find a skylight window . int . mansion - basement corridor - night - heavy rain Henry move into a basement corridor . then pause . there be the sound of movement . a infect howl . 95 . then suddenly , pour out from every door and shadow ahead , come a rush of infect . Henry open fire , a volley into they as he back away fast ... ...to a door , which he slam and bolt behind he . int . corridor - night - heavy rain Mitchell be hold selena in one hand , and he gun in the other , drag she down a corridor . the howl of the infect fill the house . selena Hannah ! mitchell shut you fuck mouth ! you want to get we kill ? Mitchell open a door ... ... which lead nowhere . the floor of the room through the open door be miss . and below , in the basement - level corridor , the space be full of the infect . they look up at Mitchell , and Mitchell look down at they . a vision of writhe Hell . they be a mass of face and body . some be appall wounded . some be half - dress in rag clothes . some be naked . mitchell ... shit . he pull selena away , towards another door . mitchell in here ! in here ! int . mansion - basement corridor - night - heavy rain Henry be in the basement corridor , on the other side of the door he have bolt . ahead , there be movement - rapid . Henry look to the source , and see : clifton , run from the front hall towards he , clearly infect . 96 . no alarm register on Henry 's face . as clifton sprint towards he , Henry remain still . then , at the last moment he close he eye ... ... and fire . clifton be hit , fall . Henry open he eye . int . attic - night - heavy rain Jim enter the skylight window , into a attic , position above the girl ' bedroom . in the floor be a hole , and through it he can see Mitchell and selena . int . girl ' bedroom - night - heavy rain selena and Mitchell stand in the middle of the room . in the room be selena and Hannah 's bag , selena 's machete , lie by the side of the bed . she can see it , but ... ... Mitchell be hold she tight . he have he gun train on the door , face away from the window . mitchell it 's I and you , now . and I be go to get you out of here , and then we be go to find some nice little fuck place , with a pretty little fuck garden , and ... Jim drop down from the attic . Mitchell turn , but be knock off balance by selena squirming out of he grip ... then Jim be on he . with incredible viciousness , the power and savagery of the infect , Jim beat Mitchell to death . he smashes he head against the wall . then he throw Mitchell to the ground , and jam he thumb in Mitchell 's eye . when it be over , Jim look up . selena stand , hold she machete . she be freeze by the sight of he . the blood on he face . the matte hair . he be the image of a infect . 97 . Jim stand and take a step towards she . selena remain , motionless , watch he approach . then , just as he be about to reach she , she arm flash upwards , hold the machete , to cut Jim down ... ... but she hesitates . she can not do it . a moment . then ... jim that be longer than a heartbeat . selena ... Jim ? Jim move forward , and kiss she . simply . hard . then pull back , leave a trace of blood on she lip . behind Jim 's back , the door opposite , in the corridor , silently swing open . selena I think ... I think you be ... Jim move forward , and they kiss . passionately . then Jim break off . jim listen to I . I have get to tell you - I have get to tell you . the world be not fuck . it 's go to be okay . we have get a chance , if we can get to ... selena interrupt he , by continue the kiss . and Jim respond . as , behind he , a small figure in a red dress slip into the room . then a vase smashes over the back of Jim 's head . jim ow ! he reel back , and Hannah be on he , jump on he back , hit he with she fist . selena Hannah ! stop ! it 's okay ! 98 . Hannah break off . selena he 's not infect ! hannah I think he be bite you . jim ( hold the back of he head ) I be kissing she ! ( break off ) be you stone ? selena it 's a long story . they be interrupt by the sound of infect howling . selena we have to get out of here . int . mansion - night - heavy rain Jim , selena and Hannah run out of the house , through the front hall , to the cab . Hannah get in the driver 's seat ... ...and Jim yank open the back door , ready to pile into the back only to find ... ... Henry . sitting on the fold - down back seat . holding he gun . henry you kill all my boy . Henry pull the trigger - a single shot . Jim be hit in the stomach and fall backwards into selena 's arm . selena Jim ! int . cab - night - heavy rain Hannah floor the accelerator . but instead of go forward , the cab reverse . 99 . ext . mansion - night - heavy rain henry what ... Hannah ! Hannah ? the cab reverse fast , then Hannah slam the brake . the cab slide to a halt . a infect slam against Henry 's window . at that moment , the back windscreen smashes . the hand of the infect grab hold of Henry 's head . Hannah watch , turn around in the seat . Henry scream - and we see it 's mailer 's face behind he . Hannah floor the accelerator again , but this time in forward gear . Henry be suck out of the back window . ext . cab - night - heavy rain the cab screech up to Jim and selena . selena bundle Jim in , and the cab be off in a spray of gravel ... int . front hall - night - heavy rain as Henry be kill by mailer , the silhouettes of the infect appear in the shadow . int . cab - night - heavy rain the cab race towards the cast-iron front gate of the mansion - and we see they be lock with a chain and padlock . selena we be go to crash ! the gate loom . Hannah speed towards they . selena we be go to crash ! jim just fuck do it ! 100 . Hannah reach and buckle she seat belt . Jim and selena brace for impact ... they hit the gate , hard . Jim and selena fly towards the perspex divider . freeze . held . fade to black : 28 day later fade up to : ext . field - day a green field , with three white letter laid out across the grass . spell : hell int . farmhouse - bedroom - day waking from a nightmare , Jim 's eye snap open with a sharp intake of breath . a echo of when we first see he lie in the hospital . but this time , when we pull away , we see he be lie on a double bed , in the bedroom of a small farmhouse . alone . but selena 's clothes be scattered . Jim rise . he look around . Bright daylight be flooding into the room through the window . jim Jesus . not the curtain too . int . farmhouse - day Jim walk down the stair and peer into a live room - where he see the sofa , with its cover remove . int . farmhouse - kitchen - day Jim enter - to find selena sit surround by length of material which she be stiching together . 101 . he pick up a length of red material . once part of the dress . jim you look all right in this , you know . selena ignore he . Jim walk to the front door and open it . pull back to reveal ... ext . farmhouse - day a stun view . a lakeland valley , with a single farmhouse , and the black cab park outside . also outside be Hannah , who be arrange huge length of material on the grass . from we ground - level angle , there be no sense to be make of what Hannah be do . and we keep pull back ... ext . lakeland valley - day ... fast , down the valley , along a single ribbon of road . past a sign : langdale Valley ... further , now over a mile distant from the farmhouse , then : stop , abruptly . at a single infect , who sit , emaciate , in the middle of the road . a quiet moment with the starve emaciate infect . it be so weak it can hardly move . only blink . then , in the background , a distant rush of noise , the low roar of a jet engine . slowly , the infect turn its head upwards , where , in the clear blue sky , it see : a vapor trail . a plane . 102 . ext . valley - day a silent bird 's eye view , look down , at the valley floor and the farmhouse . where , outside , we now make sense of the stitched sheet and curtain , as they form letter on the grass below : hell but tiny figure be form a new letter . a o : hello then , in the background , the sound of the jet , the rush of noise . hannah there ! there ! CUT to : Jim , Hannah and selena look down the valley , where ... ... scream towards they , fly low along the valley floor , come a jet plane . they stand transfix as the plane race towards they . as it pass over , fly directly overhead , the terrific wash of air and noise whip around they , connect with a colossal sonic boom ... the boom roll away , and the plane have pass ... around Jim , selena and Hannah , the sheet and material of the letter , rip into the air , now spiral to the ground , fall around they . jim do you think he see we this time ? CUT to black : the end