28 wek later ( 16 - 06 - 06 ) OPEN on : black screen a man 's voice speak : don be be the match ? lot . cottage / KI tchen 1 a beat | ater , there be a flare of phosphorus as a match strike , and light the wcek of a E . in the candl e-li ght , now reveal ... alice ( 40 ) , dark hair , sweet expression , have DI fferently coloured eye . she stand in the kitchen of a country cottage . the shutter be close over the wndow . /t appear to be late at night . besi de alice be don ( 45 ) , wth a beard and i|ong hair , lighting more candle around the room and finally light the wood stove - on which alice be about to cook . don and alice , husband and wfe , be prepare dinner . don wat be you go to cook ? ali ce you favourite . alice take a penkn fe from don S belt and open a can of tomato wth it . ali ce this be the last one . don dam . | know ! should have get more . you can never have enough can of tomato . he open a cupboard . don instead we 's have get five tin of chick - peas . what 's that good for ? alice do not reply . don glance at she . she be stare at the tomato sauce cooking on the stove . abruptl y , she start cry . don ( move to confort she ) hey ... ali ce it 's okay . ( through she tear , she sm les ) | mean - it 's not okay . it 's all fuck . but - we child be safe , be not they ? totally safe . ali ce thank God we pay for that school trip . can you imagine ? if we would save the two hundred pound and ... don ( i not errupti no ) but we do pay for it . and what ever 's go on here , they be a long way away . safe and sound . as don conf ort alice - - sally , one half of a elderly marry couple , enter . sally the cooking smell lovely . you be such wonderful guest . don and alice return she snile . sally | do hope you feel well cone here . don ve do . lot . cottage 's DI N no room 2 don and alice enter dining roomwth sally . like the kitchen , the roomis candle - light , the shutter be draw , and it feel as if it be late at night . alice carry a large bow of pasta wth a tomato sauce . don carry a bottle of red wine . Sat around the table be four other people : karen , a woman in she early twenty ; jacob , a black guy in he thirty ; geoff , sally S husband . there be three enpty place at the table . sally qh - that smell wonderful . geoff ( eye lighting up ) and be that a bottle of wine , Don ? don ( as he pop the cork ) it be , geoff . | think we would treat we sel ves . gecff absol ut el y . don pour a little into gecff 's glass - who take a sip . gecff ah. |’ mgetting bl ackberri es , vanilla ... note of autum . as this be go on , alice be put pasta on bow and handi no they round . as she do so , she eye flick to karen - who be gaze directly ahead wth a slightly glaze expression . and when alice give the bow to karen , she rather deliberately put it on the empty space beside she . all notice this . in response to they gaze : karen he 's I | be hungry . beat . karen he 's || be hungry . Wen he get back , he ’!!l want something to eat . and fromher tone , and odd intensity , it be clear that karen be damage - slightly psychotic . jaccb ( under he breath ) here we go again . sally Jacob , no - jaccb ( ignore Sally ) let I tell you sorethi no , sweetheart . it 's be five day since you boyfriend run out on we . if he 's still breathe , which | doubt , it will not be the pasta he 's interested in . sally ( shar p ) Jacob ! jaccb ( lean across to Karen ) it 's Il be you fuck neck . karen no - do not say that ! don you 's be out of order , Jacob . jaccb wy ? W all knowit 's true . the sooner she face it , the better . there be no survivor . it 's just we in here . and themout there . at that moment , there be a loud bang no on the front docr all head snap in the direction of the noise - and freeze . a beat | ater the bang no cone again . karen ( eye with de wth hope ) San ? don S gaze snap to geoff - who be besi de karen . geoff i nmedi ately cl amp a hand over she mouth . cecff ( whi sper s) qui et ! but almost as soon as he have speak , we hear : boy S voce ( os . ) ( muf for | ed ) help ! let not in ! ali ce it 's a boy ! alice instinctively move for the door - and don catch she by the arm don wait ! he mhet be be chase ! vé do not knowif - boy S voce ( os . ) ( muf for | ed ) please ! let not in ! ali ce ( fi erce ) Don ! utt 's a kid ! a beat on dons face . then : don ( mutt er ) bi oody Hell . he move for the door , and start slide back bolt . W notice many of the bolt be new , screw into the heavy old oak . boy S voce ( os . ) ( muff | ed ) quickly ! pl ease ! i’ mcone , |’ mcone ... he pull back the last bolt , then turn a key in a five -l ever lock , and pull the door OPEN - - to reveal bright sunshine on a beautiful green | andscape . for the first time , we realise that this entire scene have be take place in the middle of the day , rather than | eat at night . the group of survivor squint against the brightness , and see , silhouett in the glare , a thirteen year - old boy . the boy run inside , into the arn of alice . don sl am the door shut again , quickly j anming the bolt back into place . as the door shut , the suck of air blow out one of the candle on the table . CUT to - lot . cottage / DI n.ng room - day 3 the boy sit at the table , eat the bow of pasta that karen have allocate for she miss boyfriend . the boy S face be filthy , dirt - encrust ed . all watch hima if fascinate by the sight - except karen who have revert to she earlier glaze expression , and be rock slightly , lose in sone private world . alice stroke he hair . ali ce be have you cone fron ? sandf ord . gecff ( to Don ) sandford be upriver . a fewnile . ali ce how do you get here ? boy they be chase not . beat . ali ce wo ? boy mw mm _ wm dad . ( beat ) they be try to kill I . at th ! ) S mowent - - in the thin gap between the close shutter of the dining room with ndow , a dark shape nove past . no one see . boy there 's other too . don and jacob exchange a gl ance . how many ? : boy ( si mpe y) load . another shadow pass over the slat - and this time karen notice . puzzle , she stand , and walk towards the wndow ... ... and put she eye close to the slat , to see a shape behind . mverent . a figure . karen ( qui et ) San ? she lift she hand , and unbolt the wooden shutter . at that morent , jacob see what she be do . jacob Karen ? no too | eat . she pull the shutter OPEN , revealing red eye and bl ood - smear face of a | nfected grl - wth several nore | nfected behi no . karen scream - don ( turn ) Mat the fuck - - as the wndow smashes inwards , and the infected grl 's arm lunge through , and grab karen by the hand . karen S hand be violently yank back through the window . she try to pull free - but can not . the other watch in horror as karen screan and struggle ... ... she finally rip she hand back , to reveal it red , raw and bl oody frombite wound . but she eye have glaze red , and she face have becone the face of a | nfected . a beat later she head be smashed sideways by a blowfroma crowbar , hold by din but it 's too late . the | nfected outside be already start to clamber through the wndow , and there be too many for he to fight off . don the escape hatch ! run jacob run for the door to the kitchen , follow by geoff and sally . .. and don , who pull alice - - but the boy panic , twsting away fromalice 's grip , run towards another door which - - lead to a staircase , | eadi no up . alice run after the boy . Alice ! no lot . cottage / escape hatch - day 4 jacob sprint into a roomwth a roof hatch which have be prepare as a emergency exit . as he push the hatch open - - behind himwe see geg and sally try to shut the door to the room - 10 . - which suddenly burst open under the force of the attack | nfected . geoff be overwhel ned - and fall , screaning ... sally qh God ! =god ! jacob | ook back to see a flashed i mage of a | nfected bite into sally S arm and another bite into she neck - - before he haul himself out . lot . cottage / stai rs - day 5 alice chase the boy upstairs , follow by don behind they we hear the screan and how of the | nfected . as alice reach the top of the stair , she see the boy further down the | and as he bolt through a door . she run after he Alice - leave he lot . cottage / bedroom - day 6 alice run into the bedroom - - and the boy be nowhere to be see . don burst in behind she . ali ce ( frantic ) be be he ? don there 's no tire ! he try to pull she back out of the room - - then see infected have reach the top of the stair . fuck ! he shut the door to the bedroom and start pull alice towards the door of the bedroonis en SUI te bathroom 11 . ali ce no ! vé can not leave he vé can not ! alice | ook back desperately as don pull she into the en suite , and sees - - the wardrobe door , which be open a ccrack . and through it be a sliver of the boy sterrify face , peer out at she . ali ce no ! she weench out of dons grip , I unging back across the room for the wardrobe . but as she yank open the door and pull the boy out - - the bedroom door burst OPEN , and | nfected pour in . ali ce ( scream ) ] don | ook back - catch he wfe 's eye in aterrible freeze monent , through the body of the | nfected that stream i nsi de . ali ce ( scream ) don ! help US ! don have no choice . he slam shut the bathroomdoor , | ock it . q the other side we hear alice and the boy screaning as they be attack - - mixing wth the sound of smash no gass as don break the bat hr oom wi ndow . ext . cottage - day 7 don drop fromthe first floor bathroom window , | andi no on soft grass . he j unp to he foot and start to run . as he do so , he | ook back over he shoulder , and see , to he horror - - alice S face at the bedroom wi ndow . 12 . she be scream . and a beat iater , she be viciously pull sideways by a unseen force , out of vi ew . jacob Don ! the boat ! don | ook around and see jacob , run for a ri verbank and a small jetty , on which a notorboat be noor . ext . ri ver jetty - day 8 don and jacob make it to the jetty . but behind they multiple | nfected seemto be appear from ever ywher e. don j ump into the boat and try to start the outboard motor , and jacob unty the moor rope . as the rope be untied , jacob j unp for the boat and msjudge . he fall in the water , catch the side of the boat wth he arm , rock it sideways - wiich make don lose he bal ance . jacob don ! suddenl y jacob be drag backwards , pull under the water by a unseen force . don scranble for he foot , yanking at the engine 's starter cord . the engine kick into life - - as | nfected run down the jetty , into the water - and jacob , now ! nfected , | unge back out of the water , only to be catch in the propeller bl ade . the water churn red as the boat suddenly push forward , and power away . don | ook back to the shore , tear stream down he face , sobbing , raging over the noise of the engine ... and see the shadow figure of the | nfected al ong the riverbank , and the silhouette of the cottage behi no . 10 13 . ext . sky - day 9 a cloudless sky . title : 28 wek later qutting across the sky , we see the white vapour trail of a passenger airplane . qver this , we hear music . lot . aeroplane cabin - day 10 close up on the face of a ten year - old boy : andy . andy be sit in a aircraft seat . he be wear a real madrid football shirt , and fromhis ear hang white | pod headphone . this be the nusic have be hearing . @ the back of the seat in front of andy , a small inset lcd tv screen be play a CNN docunent ary about the task of repopul ating the british isle . andy 's S older sister , tamw ( 15 ) be sit next to himon the with ndow seat . tamwy reach over and tug andy S headphone out of he ear . the music cut out . tamw look . he indicate out of the wndow , be the blue grey seais gi ving way to the white cliff of dover tamw that 's 's engl and , Andy . vé 's be nearly hone . as the plane lie over the vhte cliff , the passenger start cheer i no . 11 12 13 14 14 . ext . rooftop - day 11 q the flat rooftop a tall building in London , a soldier look up to see the plane pass overhead . he hold a sn per S rifle , cradle in he arn . q he forearmhe have a special force tattoo . this be doyle . twenty five year - old . ( note : except scarlet all m li tary be aiveri can throughout ) . int . bunker - day 12 in a wndow ess underground bunker , another military man gaze at a huge bank of monitor screen . this man be in he forty . hs face be sand -blast . hs hair be silver , and crewcut . this be general stone . soldi er sir. today 's civilian flight be appr oachi no . general stone nod . general stone vé 's be ready for they ext . cty Al rport / landi no strip - day 13 landing gear unfold fromunder the belly of the plane . wth a screech , the wheel hit the runway ... : of a airport that be covpletely empty . no other aircraft be landing or take off . lot . enmbarkation pont - day 14 passenger , incl uding andy and tamw , file off the plane ... the terminal be also completely empty . the passenger arrive in along dark corridor wth a electric walk way that be not work . the kid see in the distance a soldier , who raise a hand , indicate the way to go . 15 16 15 . it all seem to spook andy . tamw , he older sister , notice ... and take he hand . lot . baggage hall - day 15 close up on andy 's S eye , and we see that - like alice - he irise be dl fferently coloured . Eye drop enter the eye , dilating the pupil . the droplet core froma small pipette , hold by a female mli tary doctr scarlet ( 28 ) . she be administer a eye test use a eye scanner machi not . scarlet interesting iris vari ation . pull back to reveal that andy and tamw be inthe cty Airport baggage hall , in which the plane passenger be queuing for medical check . scarlet it 's usually hereditary . ( in response to Andy 's bl ank expr essi on ) do one of you parent have the same ? andy m mother . she do . scarlet notice the use of the past tense . a subtle beat - and she change the subj ect . scarlet véll , you blood pressure be a okay . negative on any seri ous disease or affliction . so l have say you 's be okay to cone in . wel cone back to Britain . lot . arrival lounge - day 16 the slide door separate the baggage hall fromthe arrival | ounge open . andy and tamw , push a trolley wth they |uggage , walk wth other passenger through into the desert terminal . 17 18 19 16 . the board counter be empty ; the monitor and information panel be switch off . ext . london - day 17 a dockland li ght rai lway ( dlr ) trainis transport the new arrival through London . they be drive towards the |sle of dog - clean , angul be structure of glass and concrete . aneri can man S voice ( 0s . ) w’ be head into District I - wich be the centre of we area of security and reconstruction . District qeis all base on the Isle of dog . the train slow to let several deer cross the track - a surreal sight wthin the urban | andscape . in the distance , the chimmey of a distant factory blow cloud of red smoke . lot . train carriage - day 18 andy and tamw ride on the first carriage . at the front of the carriage , a soldier speak into a microphone , address the passenger over a tanoy system soldi er ( over speaker ) qut side the security zone , London remain a wasteland . but inside ... véll , we believe you will be pl easantl y surprised . ext . Di strict one checkpo not / train station - day 19 the train slide through a station wiich have be set up as a m li tary checkpoint . q the platform a soldier stare in at they catch andy S eye as the carriage slide past . the soldier wnk at the young kid . 20 21 22 23 17 . lot . train carriage - day 20 andy and tamw | ook out of the train wndow as the sodier continue he debrief . soldi er ( over speaker ) vé have hot and cold run water , twenty four hour electricity , a medical centre , a supermarket , and even a pub ! a ent husi astic response fromsomne of the passengers ... ... and over , we see andy notice something through the with ndow at the front of the train . he pull he sister to the front wndow - and she see it too . as they face light up , we reveal what they see : ext . canary vharf station - day 21 the platform of canary wharf be heaving wth people . a few be soldier , but most be civilian - the inhabitant of District qne , come to welcome the new arrival . coloured streamer be fly through the air . the noise of the appl ause and cheer be deafen . and push he way to the front of the crow , scan the train wndow as the train pull in to the station - - be din thinner , greyer in both skin and hair . CUT to - lot . train carriage - day 22 andy and tamw have see they dad . they hanmer on the gl ass , over - joy , and then , as the train door open - ext . canary vharf station - day 23 - they run out , towards they dad ... 18 . into he arm , and he enbrace . don ( choke wth eroti on ) | think |’ d never see you again . they hug each other tightly . but as they do so , they be suddenly and brightly |_llum nate by a stark vate li gt . they | ook around , to see the lense of several televi SI on paver pol nting at they and the strobe of phot ographer 's ash bul bs . and at the head of the group of journalist be general stone . he turn to the journalist . general stone this be wnat it 's all about . repatriation . families . start agai n . general stone wait for another strobe of flash gun to subside , then crouch down to be at andy S eye-level . general stone hello , son . what 's you name ? for a morent , andy seer too overwhel red by this huge fi gure and the flash camera to reply . andy Andy . general stone and how old be you ? andy ten. general stone ( to the j ournal i sts ) ten year old . gentleman , right now Andy be the youngest person in the entire country . ( to Andy ) how do that make you feel ? andy do not know how to reply . general stone | augh and ruffle andy S hair . 24 25 26 19 . general stone just great , | bet . ext . station Di strict one - day 24 don , tamwy and andy walk away fromthe station towards the hotel . andy and tamw be | ook around take in they new surroundi ngs . lot . HOTEL / reception - day 25 don , tamwy and andy arrive at the hotel in which many of the civilian be house . in a continuous shot , we see don walk he kid past the armed soldier at the door , who nod a faniliar greeting to into the reception , which - like the airport - be swarm wth new arrival , queue and fill out form . don | ead he kid through this throng towards the lift . lot . HOTEL / lift - day 26 as the lift door close on the comotion in the | obby : tamwy so what do you do here , dad ? don wat do ! do ? | keep the heating on , the water run , the light bur no no . he pull out a huge ring o keys . don see this ? no door be tock to not . | have access to all non-nilitary area . | basically run the place ! tamw you 's be the j anitor . don ( grin ) yeah . pretty much . 27 20 . lot . HOTEL / su te - day 27 the door to andy and tamw 's roomopen , and don | ead he two kid into the suite . don the roomis enormous and luxurious . andy go to the wndow and |ook out . the view across London be spectacular . you like it ? andy it 's arazi no ! tamwy you ought to have see the refugee camp we 's have be in for the last six month . vw be live intent , wth twenty people in each one . and chenical toilet . andy everything smell of pee . can have stay here forever ? don ( laugh ) no . this be only tenporary . we will be allocate a new house in a couple of month . tamwy a new house ? beat . this be a potentially difficult moment for dn don yes . | hope you understand - we be not go to be able to back to we old hone . it 's outside the security zone , and anyway ... | be not sure |’d want to go back even if we could . silence . then : andy be you go to tell we now mat happen to minute ? ( more ) 21 . andy ( cont ' d) you say you could not tell we over the phone . it have to be when have be together . don take a deep breath . don qkay . why do not we sit dow . CUT to - qiet. still . the three of themsit together . don talk , almost dreamlike . and he child listen . don vwé be hole up in a house . Seven of we , do what we could to stay alive . the attack cane on the sixth day . they come through the kitchen window ... ( beat ) they trap we in the bedroom they catch she . she be bitten . | sawit. | could not ... he break off . along beat - on dons face . then : don she be already infect . ( beat ) | try to go back for she . flash CUT to - alice 's S face , screaning - not infect , in contradiction to dons story , as he slam the bathroomdoor , abandoni no she . CUT back to - don but it be too late . there be not hing | could do . he lock eye wth he kid , each in turn . tear be roll tamw 's face . andy be blank . don ( qui et ) | manage to get away . get toa military camp . since then - you know t he snr 28 29 22 . don ( cont ' d ) | be stick in the quarantine zone , work wth the reconstruction effort . wait for ny child to cone hone . Si | ence . andy the other kid on the school trip lose everyone . vwé be the only one wth a dad . tamw nod , wping the tear away fromher face . tamvy vé 's be just happy you be still alive . karaoke VI deo | mage . 28 a tv monitor show image of a young couple walk dow a idyllic beach . it 's atypical karaoke clip . the subtitles wth the lyric of the song scroll across the bottomof the screen ... pull back to reveal : lot . HOTEL / restaurant - dusk 29 a middl e- age wovan be sing along to the karaoke , ona small stage in the hotel rest aurant / bar . most of the table be full wth returnee , eat they dinner , watch the singer . don , tamvy and andy queue at the buffet . don i’ have get to say , one thing about this place be that the foodis pretty good . tamwy move ahead to the salad bar jason be serve on the other side . jason H. tamvy H. 23 . jason you 's be new , right ? I have be here for a few wek . if you want , | can show you around . tamvwy sorry . | would , but ny boyfriend wll get jealous . and he will ! beat you up . jason you boyfriend ? tamw indicate over she shoul der . jason | ook around and see ten year - old andy , take food fromthe hot buffet . Wen jason | ook back , tamw be walk off . CUT to - - andy , wth he tray - whichis pile high wth chip - look for a place to sit . he spot scarlet , eat alone , and go over . andy H. scarlet | ook up - and see andy S nassi have plate of chip . scarlet ( amused ) look like you be settling in okay . don and tamw have appear behind andy , wth they ow trays . scarlet ( introduce herself ) H. I be scarlet . don ( fri endl y ) | know whoo you be . you run the medical team he extend a hand . 24 . don don. section officer for the Hotel . and this be ny kid . tamry and - scarlet Andy . vé be acquai not ed . scarlet indicate the enpty seat at they table . scarlet so do not just stand there . keep not conpany . they all sit . scarlet you guy do not know how good you 's have get it here . the arny canteen food be terrible . | sneak into the civilian sector whenever | can . don anything | can get you fromthe hotel , just let I know '' wm fanily have a lot to thank you for . if you have not lift the quarantine , my kid would still be in a Spanish refugee canp . a moment on scarlet - a sudden sense that this issue be somewnat | oad for she . scarlet it be not actually I who lift the quarantine , but ... tamwy but it be true what they 's be say . the virus be dead . a not she moment on scarlet . scarlet it 's very rare that viruse sinply die . they be like we - they try to stay alive . they sometimes becone dormant , or mutate . ( beat ) but in this case , we think the virus have almost certainly eradicate itself . ina way , it be a victimof its own success . ( more ) 30 31 32 25 . scarlet ( cont ' d) it destroy its host faster than it could spread . andy so it be safe now scarlet snile . scarlet yes . it 's safe . at that moment - - the table be distract by a oddly unpleasant noise . they turn to see - - jason , who have start sing at the mike . don safe - apart fromthe karaoke . montage tran ! TI on sequence qver a montage of scene show no life in district one , a the karaoke song continue to play . W see : lot . HOTEL / andy and tamw 's S suite - day 30 andy listen to headphone and tamw watch tv . lot . Di strict one superivarket - day 31 andy and tamw shop at the supermarket . half the shelf be empty , and the other half have a surplus of baked bean . lot . pub - day 32 ci vilian and mli tary have a drink together at the end of the day . the pub be pack , and the atmosphere be buzzing . don be anong they 33 34 35 36 37 26 . lot . HOTEL / restaurant - day 33 jason continue flirt wth tamw . ext . OPEN area - day 34 a football match between a group of the kid in district one . andy be anong they a tall chai n-li NK fence ( the boundary of District I ) serve as a goal . qe the other side we can see the abandon city that exist out side District me. ext . rooftop - day 35 from various rooftop , sn pers watch the football match bel ow . end montage on : ext . Di strict _ one / STREET - dusk 36 qver the sing , dusk fall on district one , and the London skyline . ext . rooftop — ni ght 37 a heli ocpter be sit on its landing pad . flynn be asleep in the pilot 's seat . CUT to - cast by the moonlight , a shadow stealthily approach the sl eeping man ... then wake himwth a shock , grab he by the neck , rip hi m upwards . the pilot 's eye open wde and he screan — - then see he attacker . doyle . 27 . flynn doyle , you bastard . doyle just keep you on you toe . flynn fuck you . | be have sweet dream . Sunday afternoon . qo ear blue sky . play baseball wth my kid . now ! 's minute this shit-hole . establish here that flynn have the sane special force tattoo as doyle on he forearm doyle @ on . get lose . fol | ow no doyle as he sit and start to settle himself at the edge of the rooftop , perch on the parapet wall , for he night shift ... ... as behind he heli copter rotor blade fire - up , and flynn take off . doyle check through he telescopic sight of he sniper 's rifle , change the calibration a little . he give he gun a wpe wth a cloth , like a proud car - owner run a waxing cloth over the bodywork . then he set up he rest for the rifle , and start scan the area under he line of sight . doyle ( to hi nsel f) qkay . what 's on tv toni ght ? from he position he have a viewof alarge part of district one . he can see the front face of the hotel , the medical centre , the supermarket and a few shop , all in the crossing of two street . he guide the telescopic sight towards the hotel . doyle see the sniper who be position on the hotel roof , who raise a hand in acknow edgnent . then doyle move the sight downward , over the window of the otel ... through the wndow , we see various scene , pause briefly on each one . 38 28 . a couple be have a argurent . a couple be have sex . a man watch tv al one . another man be do push up . doyle move the telescopic sight - - and locate tamw in she bedroom get ready for bed . Rather than continue to watch she get undress , he nove the sight on , and locate don , in the next room he 's tucking he son in to bed . doyle wat ches as he kiss andy on the forehead . then the sight move on . away fromthe hotel , down towards ... ... the mo centre . be , through a wndow , he | ocate scarlet . through the cross-hair , we can see that she be ani mate conver sation wth someone unseen . qver this silent image , doyle hover . lot . medi cal CENTER 's lab - ni ght 38 vé j oi n scarlet in the medical center . she be in the middle of she twace - weekly meeting bet ween medi cal and mli tary head of staff . facing she and she ned team be general stone , and several of he sen or offi cer . and it seem as if the two group be have a fairly heat be gurrent . scarlet every tire we increase the si ze of the civilian popul ation , we exponentially increase the difficulty of containrent . medi cal offi cer if there should be a second out break - 29 . m li tary offi cer ( cut in ) there be not go to be a second out br eak . scarlet as far as we know . but we do not fully understand the virus yet . m li tary offi cer vé understand it never manage to go cross-specy . vé understand it never manage to go airborne . vw understand the | ast infect human die six month ago . general stone - who have be |i st ening i mpassi vel y t hr oughout - now speak . general stone maj or , | appreciate you posi tion . but the civilian target be not a military decision . they be political , pure and sinple . scarlet take a breath . a beat . sil ence . scarlet then sir - maybe we should take the issue out of a political arena . general stone Major - let I be clear about this . if | have reason to believe that you misgiving be | eak or in any way conmuni cate to the press , you should not expect a discharge . you should expect to be court - martial . you should expect to be fuck . scarlet wat if it come back ? general stone it win 's t come back . scarlet but what if it do . 39 30 . beat . then general stone shrug . general stone code red. ( beat ) we kill it . CUT to - dream sequence 39 - mcroscopic image of blood flow through vein . virus cell attack blood cell . CUT to - - two eye , each iris a different col we . CUT to - - a boy' face . the boy fromthe cottage . heis a | nfected , red -ey , craze , smear wth blood . CUT to - - moonlight through the branch of a tree . CUT to - - a woman run through a forest . CUT to - - mcroscopic image of bl ood flow no through vein . CUT to - - alice reflect in a gold framed mrror_ her face be encrust wth blood and filth . CUT to - - alice hold a boy , close to she chest . the boy S head start to turn to we . but before we can see he face - CUT to - 40 41 31 . lot . london h lton andy S bedroom - ni ght 40 - andy wake wth a jolt froma nightmare . lot . london h lton tamw 's S bedroom - ni ght 41 the door to tamw 's S bedroom open . andy pad in . he go over to he sister 's bed ... and climb in . she stir , and put she armaround he tamvwy ( whi sper s) hey . be you okay ? andy nod . tamvwy ( whi sper s) bad do ean ? andy nod again . the two lie in silence for a couple of beat , then : andy ( whi sper s) soretime | get worried |’ m go to forget what she | ook like . tamw react subtly . tamvwy ( whi sper s) you will not forget . andy ( whi sper 's ) | do not even have a picture of she . tamwy ( repeat s) you will not forget . andy ( whi sper s) you prom se ? 42 43 32 . tamw hug andy it ght er. tamvwy ( whi sper s) yeah . fade to - ext . london - davw 42 the sun rise over the city . Beyond the security district , the street be enpty , without the least sign of life . in the sky , a heli ccpter pass overhead . ext . Di strict one / STREET - davw 43 tamvy and andy walk quickly down a street in district one . andy | do not think we should be do this . tamwy it 's fine . trust I . andy we should have tell dad . tamwy if we have tell dad , he have have go instead of we . and then if he would have get catch , he have have be in serious trouble . like lose he job , or worse . andy but if we get catch , we will bein seri ous troubl e! tamwy ki ds can not get in serious trouble . wat be they go to do to we ? stop we pocket money ? tamw stop andy . ahead be the checkpont for District me. the checkpoint be a bridge separate the Isle of dog from the ' mainland 's of London . 44 45 46 33 . the checkpoint be manned by one soldier tamw 's S voi ce | ower to a whi sper . tamwy qxay . fol ! ow not . CUT to - ext.__bri_dge / checkpoint - day 44 reveal that besi de / under the bridge be a narrow tube ( see photo reference ) , just wde enough for a child to craw across . this be outside the soldier S line o SI gt . but not every soldier ... CUT to - sn per p.q V 45 through the cross - hai rs of a sniper rifle sight , we watch andy and tamw sneaking past the checkpoint . ext . rooftop - davn 46 doyle | ower he rifle . doyle shit . he pick up he walkie talkie and speak into it . doyle Flynn . you there ? a man 's voice - flynn - reply . flynn ( over radi 0 ) | 's m here . doyle be you eye in the sky ? 47 48 49 34 . lot . heli copter - davn 47 flynn - the helicopter pilot - be fly high above London . flynn | hardly keep they open . but yeah . they 's be in the sky . doyle ( qs . ) cxay . | need you to track two stray . flynn stray dog ? doyle ( qs . ) no. puppy . @ Flynn 's dashboard be a kide drawng _ it show a helicopter fly above a house . !n a child 's hand , a message read : for dad flynn too easy . ext . STREET out ! do Di strict one - day 48 andy and tamw be in a completely new zone , which contrast massively wth District I . instead of modern steel and glass , we have the terrace brick house of East London . and we also see nature reclaim the street - plant push through the crack in the paverent and wall . but ahead of themis a relic of the way thing be : a pizza deli very shop . ext . pizza deli very shop - day 49 qut side the pl zza shop be a row of deli very bike - al| toppl ed over like a row of domino . tamw that 's what we need . Transport . 50 51 35 . she |ook at the shop a monent , check it over . the front gl ass be crack and cover wth six nonth of dirt , and the front door be open ... but the interior |ook conpletely lifeless . she turn to andy . tamwy wait here . lot . plzza deli very shop - day 50 tamwy enter the shop . it 's spooky inside . insufficient light filter through the with ndow to see clearly , and every surface be cover in dust and cobweb . q the other side of the counter , tamw spot a rovof keys on peg . the key to the bike out front . she open the counter hatch and step behind ... and get a - - SHOCK ! - - as she see a stand FI gure , stand just to her left . she spin around , wth a stifle scream .. ... and realise that the figure be in fact a motorbike helmet and pizza jacket , hang on a peg . ext . pizza deli very shop - day 51 andy lift the flap of one of the box , and pull out a 28 week - ol d pi zza . the sign behind hi mread : qur pizza S be never deli vere late ! ( sic - on pizza 's ) tamw exit the shop . she be hold a bike key in one hand , and the helmet in the to she . 52 53 54 55 56 57 36 . she toss the hel ret to andy . tamw let 's go . CUT to - a sequence of shot of tamw and andy riding ext . STREET - day 52 tamw drive , wth andy riding pillion . she have to swerve around obj ect strewn across the road : shopping trolley and random abandon i ten . CUT to - ext . jew sh cenetery - day 53 they ride through the old Jew sh cenetery in the East end . CUT to - ext . square - day 54 they ride around a square , apparently | ost , wonder wii ch exit to take . until finally , CUT to - ext . abandoned STREET market - day 55 they ride through the remant of a street market . cheap plastic , unchange for six month , lie beside long rotten foodstuff . a pack of stray dog chase behi no . ext . london STREET / fam ly hove - day 56 they turn a corner into they hove STREET . ext . fam ly hove - day 57 andy and tamw stand at the entrance of what use to be they house . 58 59 60 61 37 . tamw go to the garden , lift up a stone , and produce a set of house keys . lot . fam ly hove / front hall - day 58 the front door open , and andy and tamw enter . the house be dark and dusty , but everything seen to bein order . it simply | ook abandon . lot . fam ly hone , li VI no room - day 59 tamw take a family photo froma photo album a photo of the family as it once be . qn holiday sonewhere bright and hot , all snile at the canera . alice be in the center of the image , wth she around andy . she give the photo to andy , who slip it into he pocket . lot . fam ly hove / stair - day 60 vé fol | ow andy as he clinb the stair . tamw be ahead . andy watch she enter she ow bedroom then he continue down the corridor to he ow ... lot . fam ly hove / andy 's S bedroom - day 61 andy enter he bedroom it be as he leave it - a freeze snapshot of a young boy 's life . andy open a cupboard . he see a pair of batter trainers , and put they on . at that monent - - he hear a nose . a footfall fromdeeper in the house . he | ook up . Tan ? there be no reply . 62 63 38 . he exit into the | andi no . he hear the nose again . it seem to be cone from upstairs ... lot . fam ly home / stai rs - day 62 andy climb the stair to the second floor - - where he see a door at the end of the corridor . it be slightly ajar ... andy stare at it . after a monent 's hesitation , he start down the corridor towards the door . andy tammy ? be you there ? andy reach the door and hesitates once nore , wth he hand on the handl e. there be silence . lot . fam ly howve / don and ali ce 's S bedroom - day 63 the door to the bedroom sl owy open . revealing andy . and also , on the wall opposite he - - a antique gold framed gold m rror and in its reflection , a shadowsilhouette of a wonan . and andy see it too . the shadow st and . he 's freeze . then , suddenly , we hear the sound of a heli copter cut into the silence . it seen to |oomup out of nowhere , building into a crescendo of noise as if it 1s now hover right above the house . and a norent | ater , a searchli ght beam sweep across the room through the window - - and illuminate a wovan , stand in the corner . 64 65 66 39 . she 's filthy , hair matte , fall over she face , dress in rag . andy take a step back , terrify . the woman take a sudden step towards he and she hand reach out - - and grab andy . andy try to twist free - - and at that moment , the searchli ght beam sweep again , and th S time it illuminate she face . ali ce . a weird beat - it be almost nore terrifying to andy that this apparition figure be he mother . then he screan , twst out of she grip , and run . lot . fam ly hove / stair - day 64 andy sprint down the stair , meeting tamw on she way up . tamwy Andy ? what 's - andy ( yell ) run ! | ! ext . fam ly hone - day 65 andy and tamw sprint out of the front door - - and run alnost straight into - - three soldier , gun rai sed . above they the heli copter hover . andy | ooks_up into the blind glare of the helicopter 's searchlight . lot . flynn S heli copter - day 66 flynn | ook down on this scene from above . 67 68 69 70 flynn |’ have get you puppy , doyle . ext . london - dusk a bl ood - red sky as the sun set . ext . Di strict one - dusk a light be suddenly swtched on , dazzle we . it 's one of the many street light around district one , swtching on one by one as darkness fall . CUT to - lot . medi cal centre / Di SI nfectant room - day alice be get hose dom by a bio sute mnin a di si nf ect ant wet-room 40 . 67 68 69 she be scream . the process | ook severe and unpl easant . CUT to - lot . HOTEL lobby - dusk don be lie on he back fix a tangle mess of wring behi no t he recepti oni ST 's S desk . the recepti on ST | ook concer ned . recepti on ST | do not understand it be work this morning . don wat do you to it ? recepti on ! ST | do not touch it , into this , two soldier | oom soldi er you nare Don ? don frown up at the impose figure . 70 71 41 . don yeah . soldi er Don Harris ? don yeah . soldi er you two kid be in the mo centre . they 's be in quarantine . don wat ? soldi er so 's you wife . q don 's stunne expressi on . CUT to lot . medi cal CENTER 's laboratory - dusk 71 close up on alice be differently col oure eye . pull back to reveal alice sit in a roomin the mo CENTER W see that alice S hand and foot be strapped to the chair on which she sit . facing she , on the far side of the room be general stone and two arve sold ! ers . scarlet sit in front of alice . she be wear somewhat inti mis dating - | ook clothes : glove , a surgical gown , a face - mask . the two wonen regard each other for a few nonent , then scarlet pull she face - mask down . she smile . kindly . scarlet ( to Alice ) | apologise for this precaution . it 's standard protocol when deal wth survivor ... ali ce say nothing . 42 . !t be clear fromher manner that there be something det ached about she . something disturb . the nightmare of the / ast twenty eight week have take a huge psychol ogical tol !. scarlet though we have not have to do it for awhile . infact , the last survivor we come across be nore than three nonth ago . still no response from ali ce . scarlet can you tell I anything about how you have manage to keep you sel for alive for all this time ? sil ence . scarlet do you know of any other survivor ? ( beat ) q have you cone into direct contact wth the infect ed ? sil ence . scarlet ( qui et ) qxay . scarlet open a small medical kit and produce a hypoderm C needle . for the first time alice react , watch she ... scarlet i’ mj ust go to take a blood sanple . it will not hurt . scarlet roll up she sleeve , and swab a area of skin . then she break off , suddenly still . above the area of skin she be prepare , there be a clearly recogni sable scar on alice be arm a bite MARK . scarlet | ook back at stone . he 's see it too . 72 73 43. stone nod discretely . scarlet put the needle into alice S arm - very carefully - and start to draw bl ood . and as the hypo fill wth the bright liquid , alice finally speak . ali ce | want to see ny child . lot . nmed centre / securi ty po not -_ ni ght 72 | want to see ny wife . pull back to reveal : don at a check point wthin the mo centre - talk toa medi cal offi cer medi cal offi cer Sir , it 's impossible . she 's under total quarantine . but if you follow I , |’ Il take you to you child . lot . mo centre / quarantine room - ni ght 73 vwé can see andy and tamw in a small room separate from don by a thick pane of glass . qbserve by the medi cal officer , don talk to he child through a intercom tamw you say you see she die . don I ... can not explainit . | think ... no , | be sure - he break off . don look , | do not understand what 's 's happen . but - it 's good . | mean , that 's the point be not it ? minis alive ! but this do not seema nonent for celebration . it seen weird . scary . 74 75 44 . andy ( qui et ) why can not we see she ? why do they take she away ? don they 's !| be interviewng she . they do it to I . they do it to all survivor . it just take a little tire . andy ( cut in ) | want to see she . tamwy can not you do anything ? don seer hel pl ess . don I - tamwy you must be able to . andy please , dad . sil ence . don | ook at each of he two kid in turn . andy ( qui et ) pl ease . m croscope | mage 74 close up of alice be bl ood sanpl e. lot . medi cal CENTER - ni ght 75 sont ET move away fromthe microscope and | ook at general T . they both regard each other in silence . Broken eventually by scarlet . beat . 45 . scarlet there 's no question , sir . she 's be bitten . she 's get the virus . she 's 's inf ecte . general stone wy be not she show no synpt on ? scarlet short answer : | do not know . general stone Long answer . scarlet it 's total specul ation . general stone | want to hear it . scarlet a genetic abnormality , which gi ves she sone kind of natural immunity . ( beat ) in a way , it 's to be expect . very few viruse be one hundred percent effective . even wth hv , there be evidence of ugandan prostitute who be immune to the aids virus . but ... scarlet break off . general stone but what ? scarlet ... in that case , the host body wll manifest its immunity by destroy the virus . this be different . the virus be still in she blood and saliva . technically , she 's not i mune . ( beat ) she 's a carrier . general stone ... be you say that she have the ability to infect other ? 76 77 78 46 . scarlet yes , sir . absolutely . lot . underground car park - ni ght 76 don step out of the lift into a empty underground car park . he cross it quickly , head towards a - lot . short servi ce corri dor - ni ght 77 - short solitary service corridor . the short corridor be pai nted red . he reach a door mark medical CENTER restricted access he pull out he ring of keys and open the | ock . lot . medi cal CENTER - ni ght 78 ceneral stone reach to he side and unhol ster a automatic pi stol . scarlet wat be you doi no ? general stone slide out the magazine , check it , then slide it back hone . general stone protocol be totally clear . any person wth infection be to be destroy , immediately . no exception . no delay . scarlet stand - al armed . scarlet but , sir - this be a exceptional case ! if this woman have natural immunity , she be incredibly valuable . her blood could contain the key to a vaccine , or evena cure ! general stone negative . she have the virus . you know what it do to this country . you think |’ mgo to take the chance that happen again ? ( ( nche ) 79 80 47 . general stone ( cont ' d ) ( move for the door ) not on ny fuck watch . he walk out the door , and - lot . medi cal centre / corri dor - day 79 - scarlet follow . qutside be the sare group of medical and mli tary head of staff that we see earlier in the neet . scarlet Sir - please ! W need tire to study she ! wé need to run test ! general stone ( wal king away from scar | et ) pun the test on she corpse . lot . medi cal CENTER ’) laboratory - ni ght 80 alice lie on a bed , as if sedate . her arm and leg be still strapped . a fl gure appear in the room .. but it 's not general stone . it 's don don nove to the bed and sit beside she . don Alice ... alice open she eye and turn to he stare blankly . don ... | [ ’msorry . |’mso sorry . | think there be nothing | could do . | should never have run . | should never have leave you . alice 's S eye seemto cone alive at he word ... don please . God , please . forgive not . alice smile . 81 82 83 48. ali ce ( whi sper s) don. | love you . don S eye suddenly fill up . atear roll down he cheek . then he | ower he face towards hers ... until they lip be touch . kiss . they hold the kiss in silence for several second . then don lift he head . and we see - - that he eye be glaze wth the red of | nfection | nfecti on be take hol die alice watch this transformation , show no no enoti on . W see don reflect in alice S eye - the infection process conpl et i no . then don suddenly | unge forward at alice , lip pull back over bare teeth . CUT to - ext . Di strict one / medi cal CENTER - ni ght 81 andy and tamw be in the quarantine room andy be gaze at the famly photo he take from hone . he trace he parent 's smle wth he finger . lot . medi cal CENTER - ni ght 82 general stone walk fast through the Medical Center , and turn a corner to the laboratory - - to see the body of two soldier , spraw on the floor in a spread pool of bl ood . lot . medi cal CENTER ’) laboratory - ni ght 83 general stone burst into the room gun raise - 84 49 . - and see , lie on the bed , alice S corpse . her head be flop back , expose she open neck . bl ood be everywhere . q the wall there be a bl oody handprint . q the floor there be bl oody footprint . a beat . general stone hol y fuck . general stone lift he walkie talkie . general stone all unit , code red ! repeat , code red ! ext . rooftop - ni ght 84 doyle 's S head snap around to he two - way radio - as if he can not believe what he have just hear . he put he gun down and take the two -way , turn to channel 13 . doyle ( into radio ) Flynn - do you get a code Red signal , or aml lose ny shit ? flynn ( over radi 0 ) | be about to ask you the sane t hi no . doyle move to the edge of the building , and see - ore ! around district one , the street light be swtching FL ... ... but flood light be turn on , fill the street wth bright light . and on nei ghbour building , he can see nore sniper set up position . doyle fuck . 85 50 . lot . medi cal CENTER 's quarantine room -_ ni ght 85 in they gl ass -screen quarantine room andy and tamw watch the medi cal officer on the other side of the glass partition . the medi cal officer be talk into he two - way radio . through the glass , wth the intercomswtch off , andy and tamw can not hear what he 's say ... but the man | ook extremely agitate . as he swtches he two - way radio , he eye flick to the chi | dren . then he approach the glass , and swtches on the intercom medi cal offi cer everything 's fine . do not worry . i’ 11 be back in a monent . as he speak , in the background over the intercom we hear snatch of gunshot , and what sound |i ke screan . then it revert to silence as the medi cal officer take he hand back off the intercom and exit the room andy | ook at tamw . a beat . tamwy it 's probably not hi no . andy it do not | ook like nothing . tamwy it 's okay . he say he have be back in a morent . they | ook through the glass partition at the empty room then suddenly - - the door to the quarantine roomis kick off its hinge , and the medi cal offi cer burst back in . in he cheek , he have a fresh , j agge bite mark through which bl ood be pouri no . and fromhis eye we immediately recognise - he be / nfected . 86 51 . he lunge at the toughened glass . instinctivel y , andy and tamw j unp back - - but the glass do not smash . instead , in the eerie silence of they sound - proof room the chil dren watch as the infect medi cal officer start hammer the glass partition , pulverise he fist , smear bl ood and saliva . then , suddenly - - the man 's forehead expl ode outward - - then he body slide down , | eave a wet trail of blood , brain , and fragment of bone across the glass . revealing - - scarlet . in the open doorway . holding a smoking pistol . scarlet run over to the door to the glass partition , and use she key card swpe to unlock it . as the partition door open : scarlet ( you go ) be either of you hurt ? andy and tamw - traumatise - shake they head . tamwy ( voi ce trenbl i no ) wat 's 's happen ? it 's back ? scarlet ( har d) yes . it 's back . lot . medi cal CENTER 's corri dor - ni ght 86 scarlet | ead the two terrify kid down a corridor towards a stairwell . as they run , they pass a upended sharp bin , which have strewn scalpel bl ade and hypodermic needle across the floor . 87 88 52 . Beyond the shimmer bl ade and needle be the corpse of two | nfected , spraw ed , shot by scarlet . andy ( pani cki no ) be 's mum and dad ? scarlet ( har d) just follow not . she bundl es themthrough a door on to the stair . lot . medi cal CENTER 's stai rvell - ni ght 87 scarlet , andy and tamwy go down the stair . people from other floor join themtry to find the way out . lot . medi cal CENTER 's lobby - ni ght 88 scarlet , andy and tamw exit the stair into a scene of chaos . soldi ers be gather ci vilian in the lobby , shouting order , and herding themtoward a door that lead dom to t he underground car park ... soldi er ( yell ing ) this way ! move ! move ! scarlet and the two kid be immedi ately catch up in the tide of people rush towards the door scarlet ( yell ing ) hol d on to ny hand ! scarlet grab andy and tamw , so tight she be almost crush they hand - and with realise she be attempt to | ead the two kid against the flow - towards the front entrance of the mo CENTER the front entrance be bl ock by a line of soldier . qe they stop scarlet , and shout above the noise and commotion : soldi er Sir ! all civilian into the car par k! 89 53. scarlet this kid be wth not ! soldi er Sir - no exception ! it 's a code Red ! scarlet | know what it be ! she try to barge past the soldier pull andy and tamw wth she - - and as he try to stop she , the tide of people yank andy for rom scarlet 's S grip . tamwy ( scream ) Andy ! tamw try to twist free - - but scarlet hol ds it ght . we stay wth andy - - as he be swept away from scarlet and tamw - who be now on the other side of the line of soldier - carry by the noverrent of the crowd towards the door to the underground car andy no! no tamw ! a woman - see the distress young boy , fear he m ght get crush - pick he up . KI ndly wovan it 's okay ! I have get you ! andy ( struggle as he be carry through the door ) let I @ lot . underground car park - ni ght 89 andy manage to get free of the woman as the ci vili ans enpty into the space of the underground car park . there be around two hundred and fifty people , cranme into the relatively confine space . 54 . as andy push through the adult body , we overhear snatch of conver sati on : wovan # 1 do you think it 's a drill ? man # 1 @ course it 's not a fuck drill ! man # 2 | just hear someone see i nf ect ed up on the twelfth floor . wovan # 2 | sawthemtoo ! there be three run down a corridor ! as they be be push through , a group of men and woven near andy be argue wth a sodier - who be try to close the door behind they wovan # 3 wy be you sealing we inside here ? soldi er it 's for you own protection . man # 3 just guard the door ! you do not need to lock it ! soldi er !t 's for you own protection ! the door sl and . the jostling , sem - panic crowd be dangerous for andy . he be be buffete and knock around - so he make for the corner of the carpark , where the crowd be thin . he pass a wovan sit wth she back against a concrete support pillar . she be shaking uncontrol ! abl y. in the emergency lighting , it be darker here . but just ahead of andy , he can make out the access corridor doorway whi ch don use to sneak into the nedical centre . and fromthe other side of the doorway , we hear a nose . a scratch , scrabbling sound . andy hear it . 55 . and react . frowiing . take a step towards the doorway . man S vo ce vai to andy turn . there 's 's a young man behind he hold a flashlight . young ivan I ’? 11 go . the young man take a step towards the doorway , and shi ne he torch , ill umnate the | ettering : medi cal CENTER : restricted access and at that moment , the door be kicked outward , smash right off its hinge ... bee and stand in the smashed door - franme be dn wid eye , cover in blood . don S eye flick to andy . then to the young man - - who seen roote to the spot . a freeze beat . then don lunge forvard , and attack the young man . andy turn and rung ... back into the crowd of people . andy ( shout i no ) help ! fel p! men and woven | ook dom at himwth a mixture of alarmand conf usi on . arong the crowd , he see the wovan woo carry hi m down the stair . he grab she arm andy help I , please ! wm dad 's get the i nf ecti on ! 90 56 . KI ndly wovan ( try to calmhin it 's okay . the soldier wll take care of it . andy no ! he 's in hefe ! the woman | ook around - - and at th's moment a strange noise be building on the far side of the room cone like a wave , it be the sound of mass screan . lot . underground car park - continuous 90 vé see now as | nfecti on break out across the dense mass of two hundred and fifty trap peopl e. it spread like panic ina football crowd : a thresh , bl ood - fleck out ward ripple . !t also spread as a vave of darkness . people have be use cigarette lighter and nobile phone to provide ! i ght in the dark carpark , and this be extinguish or smashed as the infection spread . the noise be deafen , scream mesh wth the how of the infect . people scranble and tranple over each other as they try to get away . in this chaos , andy be lift into the air by the wovan - - before she be suck down by a surge in the crowd . as she fall away , andy manage to catch , and pull hinself up to the AIR ventilation ducting that run across the ceiling . as he climb along the ducting , below himis a sea of | nfected . a man see andy and climb on top of people to try and reach the position of safety - - but he weight be too much , and a section of the ducting crash back to the ground . this nearly take andy wth it - - and also create he mean of escape : a hole in the ducti no which allow himto craw inside ... 91 92 93 57 . leave the hellish scene behind he ext . mo centre - ni ght 91 qut side the mo centre , thing be not much better than the basenent . that resident who be not herde into the car-park be now stream out of the front door into the street - - into a pitch fire - fight between soldier and | nfected . ext . doyle 's S rooftop - ni ght 92 from doyle S vantage point , we see a group of people run out of the mo centre into the street . attack from behind and the side be | nfected . doyle nove fromone target to the next - but it be alnost i mpossi ble through the panic and chaos to tell who be infect and who be not . lot . comvand bunker - ni ght 93 general stone enter this apparent ! y underground room with ndow ess , concrete . against one wall be _a bank of monitor screen show no cctv image fromaround District I . several soldier man the screen , and speak into nike , relaying information and command to the rooftop sn pers . soldi er bravo nner , you have a out break bel ow you . sn per ( over radio ) I ? mon it . soldi er foxtrot Zero , why have you stop fire ? come in , foxtrot Zero . general stone scan the monitor , he expression unreadabl e . then : 58 . general stone abandon sel ecti have target . qe of the soldier S | ook round , shocked . soldi er Sir ? general stone abandon selective target . wve lose control . 94 ext . rooftop - ni ght 94 doyle 's S t w- way radio crackle into life . soldi er ( over radio ) abandon sel ecti have target . doyle wat ? confirm order ! soldi er ( over radio ) abandon selective target . wve lose control . if it move , shoot it . doyle ( under he breath ) Jesus ... vé CUT to he telesoopi C SI ght Pov - - and see that he be followng order , nove wth cold efficiency fromone target to the next . shoot . under a hail of fire fromthe rooftop sniper , the infect and non-infected fall alike ... doyle ( shoot i no ) fuck , fuck , fuck ... until doyle see andy . the ten year - old boy have kick out the grill of a alr vent out side the hotel , and be nowcl anber out . doyle 's 's cross -hairis over the boy , but he can not shoot . 95 96 59 . suddenly he field of vision be occupy by a infected - we recognise hima jason ext . Di strict one / STREET corner - ni ght 95 - who be run fast towards andy . andy have not see the | nfected jason bear down on he instead , he have see a man - one of the reception sts from the hotel - stand in the door of what use to be a office bl ock , and be now use as a depot for distribute bl anket and toiletry to the district one inhabitant . qher civilian be run into the door of the abandon shop , shelter fromthe gunfire and chaos on the street . the receptionist shout , beckone to andy : recepti on ! ST here ! over here ! andy start to run towards the depot - - and he way be suddenly bl ock by the | nfected jason - - lung at andy . from hi gh up the building ahead of andy there be a muzzle flash ... ... and the head of the | nfected jason expl ode in a nist of bl ood and bone . ext . rooftop - ni ght 96 through the scope , doyle watch andy and a couple of the other straggl er cl vilian reach the depot . then he shift be magain - - and see a scqldier run across a open street : it 's he colleague , the sn per fromthe hotel roof , now at ground - level . doyle shit . the HOTEL sn per be fire at multiple | nfected . but he 's out of ammunition . he can not reload in tine . 97 60 . doyle see he colleague rush and overcone . he have no choice . as the HOTEL sn peris about to disappear beneath he attacker , doyle fire a single , accurate shot to the man 's head . doyle | ower he rifle in disgust . soldi er ( over radio ) maintain fire ! all sniper mai not ain fire ! qher voice come in over the radio . sn per S vo ce ( over radi 0 ) fuck you ! |’ mrun | ow on amo ! i’ mgo to fight my way out ! sn per S vo ce ( over radio ) I too ! it 's go to shit out she e! doyle pick up the two - way radio and calmy switch it off . doyle ( qui et ) copy that . lot . depot - ni ght 97 the receptionist guard the door of the depot sl and it shut , and start to barricade the entrance . Inside be a small collection of cl vilian survivor . they be huddl ed between pile of blanket and toilet paper . the survivor all share the sare blank , shocked expression . andy walk past themand they gaze back as if he be make of glass , hardly aware of he presence . then , in the corner of the room he see sorething that make he face light up . it 's tamw and scarlet . tamw be weep into she hand , and scarlet be try to console she . 98 61 . Tam tamw 's S head lift . tamvy andy ! she j unmp to she foot and rush towards he - and the brother and sister embrace . andy ( cry ) dad ... dad 's go ... tamw it 's okay , Andy . it 's okay ... lot . depot - continuous 98 the reception ST and two of the other civilian stand at the window of the TRAVEL agency , watch the terrible scene out si de . recepti on ST it 's madness ... what 's 's happeni no ? wovan they 's be shoot everybody ! man but why ? it make no sense ! scarlet it make total sense . it 's code Red . sil ence . scarlet aut omatic three - step process , follow no the discovery of a infect human . step one , kill the infect human . if the infect human have already spread the virus , step two . containment . seal off the infect area . and if containment fail , step three . ext erm nati on . ( beat ) that mean oa yone - 62 . scarlet ( cont ' d) that that be infect , and that that can be infect . look like we’ be already at stage three . recepti on ST but - scarlet ( cut in ) this virus wped out a entire nation . they be not in a mood to take chance . tamvwy so what do we do ? |’ mnot go to sit around and wait to get '' extermnate 's . vé have get to get out of here . man if we take one step out of that door , if the infect do not get we , the sniper wll . vé can not | eave . doyle you do not have a choice . all turn - and see , stand doyle stand in the door at the back of the agency , hold he rifle . doyle right now , it 's dark out there . the sniper can see you through infra-re scope , but at least you have sone |imt cover fromthe i nf ect ed . he take a step into the room sil ence . doyle but if you wait for sun - up , you will not stand a chance . Broken by scarlet . scarlet wo be you ? doyle doyle . Delta . rooftop unit . scarlet shoul d not you be at you post ? why be not you obey order ? 99 100 63. doyle wy be not you ? she have no reply . doyle observe the frighten group of people for a couple of beat . then shrug . doyle you guy do what you want ... he shoulder he rifle . doyle ... but i’ mgo to get the fuck out of here . lot . depot / rear ex ! T - ni ght 99 doyle tead a small group of survivor out of the back of the depot building , into a alley . they be andy , tamw , scarlet , the receptionist , and a man and a the other appear to have opt to stay behind . ext . alley - ni ght 100 fromthe top of the alley , at a crouch , doyle observe the street . around , there be still the crackle of gunfire , but it be less frequent , more indistinct . scarlet there 's less shoot . maybe they 's have get it under control . doyle q there be less shooter . doyle raise to a crouch . doyle kay . i’ mfirst . ( turn to Andy and tanny ) you both keep yours eye on nme . @ where | go . run when | run . you get it ? 64 . tamvy and andy both nod . doyle qxay . after another quick scan , doyle move out fromcover . 101 ext . Di strict one - N ght 101 the group move through the street quickly and quietly . doyle always move frompoint of cover to point of cover , never del aying | ong . as they reach the safety of a recess doorway - 102 ext . recessed doorway - ni ght 102 - doyle 's S wlki E - talkie crackle into life . in the odd stillness of the night , it sound shockingly | oud . flynn ( over radio ) doyle , cone in . doyle hurriedly dial down the vol ure and put the t w-way radio to he ear . doyle ( whi sper s) Flynn . |’ mhere . flynn ( over radio ) doyle ? where the fuck be you , man ? doyle G ound zero . 103 lot . heli copter - ni ght 103 flynn be fly high above DI strict one . through he cockpit window , we can see the holi day | no flynn shit. ( beat ) 65 . flynn ( cont ' d) listen . there 's some serious shit come you way . doyle ( over radi 0 ) vé’ have already get serious shit . flynn this be worse . the air cavalry just get order . they be go to fire - bonb the woole of district one . doyle ( over radi 0 ) ... wat ? but there 's still soldier on every roof - flynn you do not get it . the outbreak be totally out of control . they be take no chance . unless you be out of the target zone , you be get cook . 104 ext . recessed doorway - ni ght 104 beat on doyle S face . doyle how | ong have we get ? flynn ( over radio ) they 's be already on they way . you 's have get four or five minute . top . gve I a rv ! |’ mcone to get you ! doyle can you | and in the Park ? flynn ( over radi 0 ) no probl they doyle I ’? 11 be back in touch , Flynn . flynn ( over radio ) you 's d fuck better be . 105 106 66 . doyle switch off he walkie talkie . doyle ( to the other ) you hear he time to scratch the stealth tactic . let 's nove . they head off fromthe recessed doorwy - ext . STREET - ni ght 105 - into the street , but have only make a few step when - - there be a puff of red mst fromthe woman S chest , and she fall at once to the ground . a freeze beat of confusion in the group , break al nost at once by doyle and scarlet si mul t aneousl y: scarlet sni per ! doyle back ! get back ! and the very next moment , there be another puff of red mst , fromthe neck of the man he remain upright for a beat , then blood begin to jet out of the bullet wound in he neck , and he drop to he knee - - as the other dart back to the recessed docrwy . ext . recessed doorway - ni ght 106 doyle propel the two kid ahead of himinto the safety of the doorway . he be follow by the reception ST , and scarlet be just behind . bull ets rake the brickwork around they spin fragment of brickwork into the air - - and scarlet screan and clutches she leg , buckle , and coll apsing to the floor . doyle drag she into the recess - - and the five people cower in the small area , until the shoot stop . a silent beat . 107 108 67 . doyle perfect . he crouch down the | ook at scarlet S leg - fromwhich bl ood be soaking around a area of tear material on she trousers . she be hurriedly try to staunch the bl ood flow . andy push at the shop door behind they - which be cover wth a metal security shutter . unbreakable . doyle no chance , kid . a beat - as doyle think fact . the he reach dow to he belt and unfasten a water canteen . CUT to - ext . rooftop - ni ght 107 the sn per S pow . look down at the recessed doorwy . around the edge of the doorway , a shape appear . fromthis distance , it could be the side of someone 's head ... the sn per open fi be . ext . recessed doorway - ni ght 108 there be three shot . the first two miss the wter bottle - - but the third make contact , almost rip it out of doyle 's S hand . water pour froma single hole . doyle mil tiple shot . and only one hit . he 's panicky . and no marksman . he drop the bottle on the ground , and turn to the recepti on ! ST . doyle qxay - here 's what you be go to do . ( more ) 68 . doyle ( cont ' d) you 's be go to run , fast as you can , across the street to that doorway . you zig - zag , right ? and you do not stop for anything . recepti on ! ST you want I to be bait ? doyle ( jab a finger upwards ) qur friend be go to take shot at you , but he will mss . and he will show he position . wich mean I ’? Il get a shot at he = and | will not miss . recepti on ST ( terrify ) you 's be out of you fuck mind ! there 's 's no way |’ mrunni no out there ! andy | can do it . no one appear to hear he doyle vé do not have time for a argument , pal . ina fewninute this whole area be go to be light up . now moe ! recepti on ST no way ! andy ( fi erce ) ! can do it . and wth that , andy have suddenly darte out of the safety of the door way . 109 ext . STREET - N ght 109 from a Pov hugging the ground , we see andy run fast . the sn per i nmedi atel y open fire , and the boy be chase by bullet ... 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 69 . ext . rooftop - ni ght 110 from the sn per S Pov , we see andy run across the street . the rifle fire repeatedly . ext . recessed doorway - ni ght 111 doyle sw ngs out fromhis hide place , gun raise . ext . rooftop - ni ght 112 through the sniper S sight , we see the cross hair line on andy S head ... ext . recessed doorway - ni ght 113 doyle shoot ... ext . rooftop - ni ght 114 through the telescopic SI ght Pov , the image be abruptly snap si deway . ext . recessed doorway 115 through he cross - hai rs , doyle see the sn per S body sl unp forward , then slide over the edge of the roof to fall to the pavenent bel ow . ext . STREET - N ght 116 andy wait for doyle and the other . the 's panting hard , out of breath . then - as if sense sorething , he raise he head and turn , | ook dow the darken street behind he and see - - at the far end of the street , a couple of block away ... a figure , in moonlight . don and don be stare back towards he son . 117 118 119 70 . the norent be strange , al nost hall uci nogenic . and be break by - - doyle . beside andy . lift he rifle , to get a shot at din but by the time he have he eye to he sight ... don have go . doyle | ower the rifle . doyle good work , kid . nowlet 's get the fuck out of here before this bonb start drop . ext . Di strict one - N ght 117 doyle , andy , tamw , scarlet ( limping , hel ped by doyle ) and the receptionist run as fast as they can down the street ... chi towards the checkpo not fence on the perimeter of district E . as they run , we start to hear the distant roar of approach bonber j ets . ext . Di strict one / fence - ni ght 118 the group of survivor j ump dow the other side of the fence ... scarlet qver there ! ... and start run towards the pedestrian underpass t hat scarlet have poi nted out . above themis a colossal roar of noise , as the bonber j ets pass DI rectly overhead . ext . sky over DI strict one - N ght 119 the bovber fly above they target . 120 121 122 123 124 71 . lot . pedestrian underpass tunnel - ni ght 120 qur survivor huddle in the tunnel , as the noise of the jet echoe dom the tile wall . lot . bunker - ni ght 121 stone and he nen , safe in the bunker , watch the bank of monitor that relay cctv image fromaround District I ... and image fromthe bonber . q street level , people run through the street , flee from infect and sniper bullet , unaware of the apocal ypse wich be about to descend . the silence in the bunker be only break by the sound of the bovber pi lot conmuni cat i no . bovber pilot ( os . ) ( over radio ) kilo qhe , we be ready to go . do we have final confirmation ? bovber pilot ( os . ) ( over radio ) kilo two , we have confirmation . vwé be weapon - free . ext . Di strict one - N ght 122 aerial view , as the bonb start fall , and expl odi no . Bet ween the building come huge tongue of fl ane . lot . pedestrian underpass tunnel - ni ght 123 in the tunnel , the survivor hear the first of a series of massi have det onati on . ext . Di strict one - N ght 124 we track the wovan woo use to work wth the reception ST . the street ahead of she explode wth fire . she cover she face for protection ... 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 72 . ... as a burn'ng infected burst out of the flame and attack she . lot . bunker - N ght 125 stone watch as street - level camera start shutting dow as they lose they signal in the bonbi no . ext . STREET / statue - ni ght 126 vé watch fromthe Pov of a conmmenorative military statue , as canary vharf burn in the di st ance . lot . medi cal centre / lab - ni ght 127 in test tube , alice S blood boil , as it be consume by fire . lot . HOTEL / andy and tamw 's S suite - ni ght 128 Fire burst into andy and tamw 's room and expl ode out ward through the window . lot . medi cal centre / quarantine room - ni ght 129 Fire burst through the glass partition , and burn andy S fam ly photo . lot . pedestrian underpass tunnel - ni ght 130 andy and tamw hug as the bonbi no conti nue . ext . Di strict one - N ght 131 Burning people sl owy walk down a street . ext . Di strict one / alley - N ght 132 infect hide in a alley as a wall of fire pass by they lot . pedestrian underpass tunnel - ni ght 133 Fire enter the tunnel . 134 135 136 73. doyle drag the kid upwards , and the survivor start run away fromthe fire , towards the far exit . ext . tunnel - N ght 134 the group of survivor escape the tunnel just as it be fill wth flane . andy and tamw be protect by doyle , who use he body to shield they lot . bunker - N ght 135 general stone watch the only | mge still show no on the monitor screen . it show a fence that have fall - - and people , infected , be swarn through the gap . the bonbi no have fail ed . stone S face be reflect in the screen show no this picture of he failure . we lose himin the pi xil ated i mage . fade to - ext . london - ni ght 136 star in the night sky ... be mix wth burn orange ember , drift dow . vé see this drift enber fall behind several iconic London | andmark ... ST paw 's S tower bri dge ( and a couple nore ) di ssol ved wth image of each of we survivor . andy , tamwy , scarlet , doyle , and the receptionist - as they walk across london . vé end this transition montage on : 137 138 139 140 74 , ext . regent park gate - ni ght 137 doyle open the huge and el aborate iron gate of regent park ext . regent park - ni ght 138 qur small group of companion walk through the tall , meadow like grass , towards a structure wthin the park . ext . park ) band stand - ni ght 139 qut side the structure , deck chair lie scattered on the grass . doyle and scarlet sit on the step outside the band stand . doyle be keep guard , wth he rifle rest on he lap . scarlet dress the wound on she | eg . the receptionist be put the deck chair back in order . lot . band stand - night 140 andy and tamw talk in hushed voi ces . tamvy ( qui et ) wien we be separate , | think I 's d lose you . andy I too . andy reach out and take tamw 's S hand . andy vé will not get separate again . vé 's will stay together . what ever happen . tamwy nod , hol ding andy S hand tightly . tamvy ( echoe ) wat ever happen . 75 . 141 ext . band stand - ni ght 141 scarlet and doyle be also talk quietly . scarlet you do not answer ny questi on . about why you leave you post . doyle shrug . doyle | do not know . | guess I have just see too many kid get fuck up by war . Parents blow into hanbur ger meat . sister rape in front of brother ... baby wth they head smashed in against a wall . the first time you see that stuff , it mess you up . then you start to get use toit . then it start to mess you up again . ( beat ) | hear the order to shoot the civilian . but when | get the boy in ny sight , | just think : no . not this tine . Si | ence . doyle waat about you ? you could be lock safe and sound in a bunker right now , instead of dodging bullet ... scarlet gl ance over she shoul der towards the temple interior to make sure that andy and tamw be not |i st ening . scarlet thei be mother 's bl ood have soret hi no pretty special about it . a natural ability to suppress the virus . in the distance we can see the light of the fire followng the bonb raid . the sight be oddly beautiful . scarlet if the ability be genetic , that woul d mean the blood of one or both of themcould contain the sane thing . 142 76 . doyle be you say they 's be immune ? scarlet | do not know . not all genetic trait be hereditary , and even if they be , they can skip generation , or vanish altogether . but it 's a possibility , and that make they life more val uabl e than mine . ( beat ) q yours . wé have to keep they alive at all cost . doyle nod sl owy . doyle cxay . under st ood . at that movent - doyle 's S radio crackle into life . flynn ( over radio ) doyle . doyle grab the t w- way . doyle Flynn . @. lot . flynn S heli copter - ni ght 142 on be fly above the still burn street of District e. flynn ( j ubi | ant ) you make it ! | know you have do it , buddy ! listen - |’ mon ny way to you right now . but keep a sharp eye out . wé have confirm sighting of infect that have escape the fi rebonbi no . doyle ( over radio ) copy . gve not a eta 143 144 145 77 . flynn about si xty . doyle ( over radio ) m nut es ? flynn no . ext . band stand - ni ght 143 flynn ( over radi 0 ) second . doyle stand . and in the background , he hear the faniliar pulse of a helicopter 's engine . doyle ( to scarl et ) get the other . here come we ride . lot . band stand -_ ni ght 144 andy and tamw and the reception ST get to they foot , and run to the entrance as - - flynn S heli copter fly directly overhead . ext . park - ni ght 145 the meadow - like grass of the park flatten and wiirl under the wash of the heli copter rotor bl ade . doyle , scarlet , andy , tamw and the receptionist run towards it . doyle be the first to reach flynn - and jump onto the skid . flynn shout over the noise of the engine . flynn doyle - who the fuck be this people ? you do not tell I you have cargo ! | can not take they doyle wat ? 78 . flynn | can not take they you know the order ! evenif | pick they up , we would be shot out of the sky if we try to land at the base ! behi no doyle , the other wait just outside the sweep of the rotor bl ade . doyle then do not take we to the base ! take we to France ! over the Channel ! flynn hol ds doyle 's S gaze - but be never able to fully process the think , because at that moment - - he see something behind doyle . break fromthe line of tree , several | nfected - run across the noonlit meadow grass towards they flynn shi t! he pull back on he control stick - - and the skid , on which doyle stand , start to rise off the gr ound . flynn hold cn ! doyle Flynn you nother -fucker ! put she down ! the reception ST sprint forward and grab onto the skid wth he hand - - as doyle | ook back , see the face of andy , tamw and scarlet gaze up at he doyle fuck ! he junp - - just as flynn pull the helicopter upwards . it veer skyward , pull the reception ST up with it . 146 147 148 79 . doyle roll inmedi ately to a kneel position , lift he rifle , and start fire . CUT to - nfected drop from single accurate shot to the head and chest . but still more be appear fromthe tree-line . CUT back to - doyle , reloading , shouting to scarlet : doyle run ext . park - N ght 146 andy , tamw , scarlet and doyle run across open space , away fromthe greek temple . as doyle turn to drop another | nfected , CUT to - ext . flynn S heli copter - ni ght 147 ope jrecept ! on ST desperately try to hold on to the | and skid - - as the heli copter rise still higher . and suddenly he grip fail , and he fall . vé drop wth he away fromthe noise of the heli copter , suddenly in relative silence , just a rush of wd noise . then - ext . park - N ght 148 - slam he hit the ground , extremely hard . hs leg be obvious ! y smashed in several pl ace . but he be still alive . just . 149 150 80 . gasp , blink , stare upwards . as intoh field o vision - - a | nfected appear . it 's don and behind himare nore infect ( note : one of themis the burned | nfected wovan in the next sequence ) . a beat . don st are down wth he red - gl aze eye . then he lip pull back over he tooth , and he | unge downwar ds . qver the reception ST 's pitiful scream - CUT to black . fade up to - ext . london - davw 149 from the Pov of flynn S heli copter the sun rise over a panoranic vi ew of London . the vision be apocalyptic . street be strewn wth corpse , smoke and fire . ext . STREET - day 150 don be watch . wé see andy , tamw , doyle , and scarlet make they way dom a street . they | ook oddly like a family , wth the tw adult and two chi ! dren . suddenl y , doyle freeze . doyle ( under he breath ) un oh . he hold a hand up to stop the other . 81 . doyle vé have a problem scarlet wat be it ? from a | ntersecti on ahead , tendril of wh te smxe have appear , drift down the cross-street . scarlet ( very al armed ) be that gas ? doyle cs gas . at th S moment - - inside the gas cloud , doyle see dark shadow shape novi no . this be the first time we 's have see doyle | ook this worried . doyle ( urgent , back away ) back the way we care . now . but as they start to doubl e-back - - more gas appear , block they escape . and in the gas - - more dark shadow shape . andy ( scar ed ) there 's people inside ... doyle get behind not . scarlet be scan around they they be in a pocket of clear AIR , about thirty metre wde bet ween the two area of vhte gas - but the space be get smaller rapidly as the smoke roll forward . at that movent - - one of the shadow figure emerge fromthe gas , run forward . a | nfected woman ... 151 82. ( note : this be the | nfected wovan woo be wth don in the par k) who then fall down onto she knee , choking vomting and anot she shadow FI gure hal f- mat eri alise behi no . it 's a bhkosqdier half obscure in the fog - and he 's hol ding a rifle - like nozzle , attach to a fuel pack on he back . fromthe nozzle be a lick of orange fl ane . a beat | ater , the flanmethromer torch the chok ! no | nfected , inci nerate she . doyle bio squad . sweep in formation . he check behi no he - - and see that the gas have almost reach they doyle vé 's be trap . scarlet ther e! she poi nts to the rusted hulk of a | ong - abandon pi ckup truck . the tyre be flat , and it be half mount on the paverrent . scarlet ( shout s) Inside the truck ! now lot . abandoned truck - day / gas 151 doyle and scarlet bundle andy and tamw into the truck 's S back seat , and they scranble into the front ... - as the gas roll over the car . note : scarlet be in the driver seat , doyle in the passenger , and andy and tamw be in the back . doyle ( wi nding up he with ndow desper at el y) the vent ! the vent ! 152 83. sme be cone through the Al R con vent . they snap shut the grill , and start use anything to hand to seal gap in the vehicle - a crisp packet fromthe floor of the cabin , rag , tissue ... s| multaneous W th th S : tamw screan . q she side of the car loom out of the smoke - - be a blo soldier wth flam throver s| multaneous W th th S : scarlet have find key in the ignition , and be desperately try to start the engine . a morent | ater , a jet o flam be surround the truck , as the flanethrover fi re . doyle shoot - - through the glass of the passenger door , kill the bio soldi er - wich mean gas start pour in through the smashed W ndow at that movent - - the engine turn over , and scarlet j am she foot dow on the accelerator , and the truck lurch forward . it drive straight up over the paverent , catch a building wth the front leave corner . scarlet struggle wth the wheel , veer past obstacle that loom out of the gas cloud . for a norent , the patch of fire on the bonnet and side mrror be the only indication of forward noverent through the dense gas cl oud . then abruptly they ht a blo so. dier who bounce up the bonnet , slam into the wndscreen , then vani shes . then - ext . truck - day 152 - the truck shoot out of the gas cloud into clear air . 153 154 84 . gas pour fromthe smashed window as the air inside the cabin start to clear . lot . truck - day 153 but the cs tear gas have blind scarlet - - and as she wpes at she eye wth one hand , turn the wheel wth the other - - she fail to see the entrance of a underground stati on , straight ahead . doyle look qut ! brake ! brake ! too | eat . the truck smashes through the front entrance of the underground stati on . . . and wedge in the wide doorway . scarlet be caterpault forward , smash through the windscreen . CUT to black fade up from black to show . lnt._underground station - day 154 scarlet 's S face . Dead . gazing at we . cover , a nonent later , by doyle S j acket . a beat , wth the two kid and doyle | ook down at she . tamw 's S armis around andy ... but he almost do not seemto need it . as if there 's a hardness in he now . doyle let 's go . andy move away - not need to be tell twce . 155 156 85 . tamw 's S armfall to she side . lot . underground station - day 155 as they head deeper into the station , we can see object from the London world that have now go , | ying like architectural relic . a OPEN bri efcase on the floor . a photo booth mach ne wth a uncl be mo photo in the tray : curl wth age , colour fade - but we can see two teenage girl , head press together , smile . a baby 's pram a ticket mach ne that have spew coin and ticket like a small snowdrift on the floor . doyle be talk into he radio . doyle Flynn - core in . no response over the radio - only static . doyle | know you can hear I , you son of a bitch . fuck the code red . fuck the chain of command . |’ mstuck out here and | need extraction . lot . flynn S heli copter - day 156 flynn sit in he helicopter . doyle 's S voice cone over the radio . doyle ( over radi 0 ) |’ m head for | ocation double zero . mw etais one hour . ( beat ) Flynn . I have get the two kid wth I . do not let we down again . the radio go dead . flynn S eye go to the child 's draw of a helicopter on he dashboard , and the message : for dad 157 158 159 86 . flynn cl ose he eye . flynn ( under he breath ) shit. lnt._underground station - day 157 doyle switch he radio off . doyle qkay . vwé be nearly out of here . just along walk , and we’ be do . tamw be be we go ? doyle j abs a finger at the tube map opposite . put he finger on the metropolitan line , trace up to wembley park . doyle ri ght here . lot . underground stati ow escalator - day 158 andy , tamw and doyle walk down the escalator , to the pitch bl ack of the tunnel bel ow . doyle lift he rifle and swtches on the ni ght socpe in order to see . lnt._underground stati on corridor - day 159 all see through the GREEN filter qf doyle 's S N ght scope : doyle , tamw and andy reach the tile corridor . andy and tamw be hold hand - and doyle have he hand on andy S shoul der , keep the boy ahead of he use the NI ght scope to gui de themthrough the pitch bl ackness . doyle that 's it . straight ahead . it 's curving now ... watch the wall come up on you right . through the scope , we can see child walk blindly , each wth one arm out stretch . 87 . andy ( scar ed ) | can not see anything . tamwy ( scar ed ) I neither . doyle do not worry . | can . and in fact , what he can see be - just ahead of they - the long dead corpse of a conmuter . the corpse be face down , spraw ed on the floor . doyle there 's something on the fl oor here . andy ( scar ed ) wat be it ? doyle nothing . just some rag . Andy - side -step . that 's it . now you , tammy ... the child step over the conmuter 's outstretch arm wthout even realise it be there . 160 lot . underground stati on stai rs to platform - day 160 at the end of the corridor be a junction , and a flight of stair | ead dom . doyle qkay - we have get stair here . use the handrail . it 's on you leave ... half way down the stai rs - - there be a turnin the staircase . doyle it 's bear leave again , and then we should be get to the ... doyle break off . he have see - as they turn the corner on the stairwell - a appall si ght . 88 . the end of the staircase , and the platformbehind , be cover in a carpet of | ong dead corpse . doyle st op . doyle shit. hold on . andy ( ner vous ) wat be it ? what can you see ? doyle nothing ... |... at that movent - - andy step sideways and tread on sonethi no . a rb cag . he shout wth alarm - - as the bone break , and he foot sink into the rib cage - - and he stunbles - - then fall forward down the stair , pulling tamw wth hm they tunble dow , into the deep pile of bone . andy ( scream ) doyle ! doyle ! doyle St ay where you be ! but andy be pani cki no . scranble over the corpse , stunbling - - and suddenly , through the narrow field of vision of the NI ght VI SI on scope - andy be out of view . doyle start down the stair , tread over the body . doyle andy ! =tamw ! tamw 's S reply echoe along the tile wall . 161 89 . tamvwy ( cry out ) doyle ? where be you ? lot . underground stati on platform entrance - day 161 doyle reach the bottomof the stair - which end at a T - junction bet ween the two north and south - bound platform . Sat on the platformis the abandon train from which the dead passenger nust have fl ed . he be thi gh-deep in the tangle of bone . doyle andy ! he swng the scope around , frantically search for the boy and the girl . and then find - - tamwy , through the arch to the southbound platform she 's crawing on she hand and knee through the skull and rag cl to hes . he move towards she . doyle tammy ! |’ mright here ! her head turn to the direction of he voice - - as he reach for she hand , pull she up to she foot , and as she stand - - a figure be reveal , DI rectly beh nd tamw . don . eye wde , tooth bare , in the greenish gl ow doyle ( shocked ) fuck ! as don lunge , doyle push tamwy asi do . don connect wth doyle , rip the nightscope away fromhis eye . 162 90 . CUT to black . lot . underground stati on platform - day 162 from a black screen - - andy appear , stunbling alone dow a platform .. ... towards alight source . a open grate in the street overhead , which create a pool o light on the platform andy tanmy ! be be you ? from somewhere distant , he hear he sister 's voice , scr eam no . andy tam as andy reach the pool of light , he hear a noise from behi no - someone run . he turn . and appear into the light , we see - it 's din cover ed in fresh blood . don j ump for the boy . andy be knock down to the floor , and don be on hi mat once . don crouch over andy - - then bite down into he son 's shoul der . andy scream out in pain . andy S bl ood spl ash into he father 's mouth . then : tamvy dad ! don freeze at the sound of he daughter 's voice . then he head rise - - and snap around - 163 91 . - to see tamw , stand behind he hold doyle S sni per weapon . she hol ds the | ong-barreled rifle inexpertly . it be hold to the side of she chest rather than j amm to she shoul der . but she be at point-blank range , and the barrel be point straight at don S head . a freeze moment between the father and daughter - they gaze be | ock . and for a nmonent , it seem oddly unclear wnat don wl ! do . almost as if through he infection and madness , he can see she . and recognise she . then he mwe . rising , about to attack . and tamw fire . don be shot , clean through the forehead . and he drop , dead . fade from th's to - lot . underground stati on platform - day 163 andy lie on the floor , bl eed fromthe neck . tamw kneel beside he hold he hand . tamwy | ook into she brother 's eye - - as a red cloud of infection bl osson in the white . andy Tam - tamvy no . she repeat they pronise fromthe geek Temple in the park . tamw ( qui et ) vé stay together . what ever happen . 164 165 166 92 . but andy be not about to let he sister die - if he becone i nf ect ed . he j ump up , twist free of she grip , and run . lot . tunnel - day 164 andy run dom a tunnel . behi no he we can hear tamw call he nane . tamw ( os . ) ( cal | i no ) Andy ! andy ! her voice be grow no fainter . lot . underground stati on platform - day 165 andy reach the next pl atformon the line . as he climb up on to the platform - - he face be cover in bead of sweat , and a feverish tremble take hold of he body . hs field of vision becone blurred , as the infection start to take hold . through this blurred vision , andy becone aware of light cone frominsi de the tunnel . and a morent | ater , andy be amzed to see a train burst into the station at full speed . it slow to a halt . as it slow , andy see that the inside of the trainis full of people . normal commuter , as one would have expect to see on a normal day of a normal week , before the outbreak of the virus . lot . train carriage - day 166 andy enter . the door slide shut and the train move on . as the train start to move , andy | ook up the length of the carriage , and see - 93 . - stand on the other side of the glass - door partition to the next carriage ... alice , he mother . look back at he her carriage be empty , and she seen healthy and clear of inf ection . amaze , andy start to walk towards she . she smile to see he he smile back . the train be pick up speed , roll in the corner . the teg and bag of the conmuter make it difficult to make progress . andy try to hurry faster to the docr bet wen the two carriage . but as he do so - - the light suddenl y flash off and on . and between the pulse of light and dark , he glimpsis he face in the reflection of the carriage wndow . and he reflection be alternate between the face of and | nfected and a normal face . just as he be about to get a hand to the doorway - - the light flick off again , replace by a flicker glow and in this glow , we see a hand reach out to grabhm it 's the hand of one of the commuter - and the conmter be now all | nfected . they be grab at he try to keep himfromenteri no he mother 's carriage . andy start to fight , viciously . and nowin the flicker light , we see that andy S face be also the face of a | nfected . andy use he fist and tooth . bite and tear at he attacker . and force himself out of they grasp - 167 168 169 170 94 . - through the door - lot . train carriage - day 167 - and into the clean bright light of alice strain carriage . hs nother open she arn ... and they enbrace . as they embrace , we move around alice until ! we find andy S eye again . CUT to - lot . underground stati on platform - day 168 - andy S open eye . each iris a different colour - free of infection . he see he sister above he andy ( weak ) Tan ? what happen ? why be not | i nf ect ed ? tamwy | do not know . fade to - lot . tunnel - day 169 the two kid walk down a dark tunnel , towards the |i ght ahead . ext . wenbley stadi um - day 170 the sun be come out from behind rain cl oud . two small figure walk across the empty car park towards the massive structure . 171 172 173 95 . ext . wenbley stadi um pi tch - day 171 fromthe upper terrace of the stadium we see andy and tamw step on to the pitch . qver the last six month , the pitch have becore a beautiful meadow - fl ower - strewn through tall grasses . wth the brother and sister now , with track themthrough the long grass of the derelict stadiumto the center of the pitch . be ... flynn S helicopter be sit , wait for they beside it , flynn stand , watch themcone . they reach he he look dom at they the two kid : filthy and bl ood - fleck . holding hand . a morent between man and the two kid . Broken , as flynn speak . flynn doyl e? tamw shake she head . another beat . then : flynn qxkay . get in . fade to - ext . country SI do - day 172 flynn S helicopter fly over roll green hill , which suddenl y G ve wy - ext . vhi te cliff of dover - day 173 - to white cliff , and the sea of the English Channel beneath . 174 175 96 . lot . flynn S heli copter - day 174 flynn fly . andy and tamw sit behind he stil ! hol ding hand . qc ose on andy S face , | ook dow through the cargo door of the helicopter , where bl ue wave rush beneath he then sudden close up on he eye - - where , in the white , a blossom of red infection flare . then fade . CUT to black . capti on : 28 day later CUT from black to - ext . pari s/ arc do tri onph - day 175 the heli copter stand empty , rotor blade notionless , on the champ elysees . pull back to reveal we be under the arc do tri qvph litter be drift . there be no sign of life . the end