HorrorLair - the ninth Gate script < !-- /* break-out-of-frames script the ninth gate a screenplay by Roman polanski , John brownjohn and Enrique urbizu base on a novel by arturo Perez - reverte 1 . telfer house : library int / night andrew telfer , a scrawny seventy - year -old , be write a note at he desk in one corner of a big , book -line room . dangle from the central chandelier be a noose . a chair stand beneath it . telfer look up for a moment . blankly , he eye a frame photoportrait on he desk : a beautiful , thirty - something blonde return he gaze with a enigmatic smile . he stop write and fold the sheet , scrawl something on the back , and leave it on the desk . then he walk to the centre of the room and climb on the chair . he put he head through the noose and tighten it around he neck . he kick away the back of the chair , but it do not fall . frantically , he try again : this time the chair topple over . the chandelier squeak as it swing on its hook , but it hold . fragment of plaster come raining down . telfer 's neck be not break : he start to choke . his foot perform a convulsive dance in mid-air only six inch above the floor ; one of he shoe come off . the camera leave the die man and move in on the bookshelve . to the accompaniment of choke sound , it pan across the serried row of volume until it reach a gap that show where one of they have be remove . the choke sound cease . the camera enter the black void leave by the miss book . absolute , abysmal darkness . 3 . manhattan apartment int / day the Manhattan skyline see through a picture window . above it , reflect in the windowpane , the face of a old woman seat with she back to the room . her expression be impassive and self - absorb , she twisted mouth suggest she 's a stroke victim . she seem quite uninvolved in the action behind she . corso ( o.s. ) a impressive collection . you have some very rare edition here . sure you want to sell they all ? we now discover the speaker , bob corso : a tall , lean , rather unkempt man in he 30' . steel - rimmed glass , crumpled old tweed jacket , wear cord , scuff brown oxford . he could almost be a shabby university teacher if it be not for the street - wise glint in he eye . he replace a book on a shelf . stand beside he be the Old woman 's son , a middle - age man with a puffy red face . her daughter-in -law look on , one hand cupping she elbow , the finger of the other play avidly with she lower lip . the son be cuddle a large scotch on the rock like it 's a integral part of he anatomy . his tone be too lugubrious to be true . son : they be no use to Father , not anymore - not now he 's pass away . his library be he own little world . now it 's just a painful memory for mother here . daughter-in -law : unbearably painful . corso glance at they over the top of he glass , then at the old woman . it 's clear that the old woman 's true source of pain be they rapacious desire to convert she late husband 's library into hard cash . corso pick up a notebook , adjust he glass with a instinctive , habitual movement , tap the notebook with he pencil . corso : well , at a rough , preliminary estimate , you have a collection here worth around two hundred thousand dollar . daughter-in-law ( almost jump ) : two hundred thousand ?! corso : or thereabout . he smile sweetly at the daughter-in - law . the old woman continue to stare blankly at she reflection in the window . behind she , the son sidle up to corso , who indicate the volume in question . son : how much be you think of ... corso : hmm ... I could not go higher than four grand -- four- and - a - half top . ( take a envelope from he shoulder bag and start peel off some bill ) 4 . manhattan apartment house corridor int / day corso stride briskly along the corridor toward the elevator with the canvas bag sling from he shoulder . he 's grin to himself . the bag be obviously heavier than it be . the elevator door open just as he 's about to press the button . he almost collide with a bespectacle , briefcase - carry man in a three - piece suit and bow tie ( witkin ) -- a cross between a intellectual and a business executive . witkin ( caustically ) : you here ? you do not waste much time . corso : hello , witkin . there 's a small fortune in there . ( smile sardonically ) help yourself . witkin ( eye corso 's beg suspiciously ) : you be a vulture , corso . corso : who be not in we business ? witkin : you would stoop to anything . corso brushes past he into the elevator , turn and pat he shoulder bag . corso : for a ' Quixote ' by ybarra ? you bet I would . witkin ( indignantly ) : unscrupulous , thoroughly unscrupulous ! corso ( thumb the elevator button ) : good hunt ! the door close on witkin 's indignant face . 5 . bernie' bookstore ext / int / day a sign say " close . " corso push open the door of a old fashioned semibasement bookstore -- ' bernie' rare book ' -- and enter . he walk up to the counter and deposit he bag on it . bernie ( o.s. ) : witkin just call I . he 's spitting blood . corso look around . the voice come from ten foot up and three bookcase along . bernie feldman , a man around corso 's age with dark , curly hair recede at the temple , be perch at the top of a spiral staircase . corso : what 's he problem ? bernie ( replace some book ) : he say you be a double - deal , money grub bastard . he say he have that sale tie up , and now you have queere he pitch . corso ( grin to himself ) : he should be quick off the mark . the spiral staircase judder as bernie start to descend . corso go over to a wall cupboard and open it . a assortment of bottle and glass come to light . corso ( cont . ) : May I ? bernie : you valuation be way over the odd it 's bring that people out in a rash . they be now ask twice what the book be worth . corso , still grin , pour himself a slug of scotch . bernie reach the ground . bernie ( cont . ) : he 's talk about suing you . well , let 's face it : you screw he . that 's what it 's call . corso : I know what it 's call . bernie come up close . bernie : he also say you snaffle the ' Don qui ... he break off as corso produce the four volume of the ' Quixote ' , bend over to examine they , whistle appreciatively . bernie : ( cont . ) : the ybarra ' Don Quixote ' , 1780 , four volume . fantastic ! ( open one ) sonofabitch , you be the best in the business . definitely . corso : and the most expensive . ( smile slyly ) that client of yours , the swiss , be he still interested in this edition ? bernie smile back , then redirect he attention to the book . bernie : sure , but witkin will blow a fuse . I tell he I have nothing to do with this operation . corso knock back he scotch in one . extracting a crumpled cigarette from the pocket of he overcoat , he stick it in he mouth and light it . corso : nothing except you ten percent . bernie : : twenty . the swiss be my client , remember . corso ( shake he head ) : no deal . bernie : fifteen. ( cynically ) for my child 's sake . corso : you do not have any . bernie : I be still young . give I time . corso ( expel a lungful of smoke , unmove ) : ten. 6 . balkan build ext / dusk a taxi pull up outside a opulent building downtown . corso get out , dodge a persistent beggar , and enter . the sign above the entrance read : ' balkan publication '. 7 . balkan build : lobby int / dusk corso nod to the security guard at the desk and make hit way across the lobby to a door at the back . beside it stand a easel - mount announcement : ' demon and medieval literature , by boris balkan , Ph.D. ' it 's adorn with a medieval engrave depict a inquisition torture scene . 8 . balkan build : lecture room int / dusk boris balkan , stand at a state - of - the - art lecturer 's desk , be a bulky , impose figure of a man around 50 year old . his thick gray hair be slicked back to reveal a dome forehead . the eye beneath it radiate keen intelligence through a pair of heavy hornrim . he speak in a deep , slow , almost monotonous voice , but with great authority . balkan : relevant information may be find in antoine Martin del Rio 's ' disquisitionum magicarum ' , louvain 1599 , and earlier , in 1580 , in ' De la d‚monomanle des sorcier ' by the frenchman , Jean bodin ... his eye flicker in the direction of the door as corso enter . corso 's entrance have also be note by a girl in jeans and white sneaker : childlike face , short hair and green , feline eye . he sit down in the same row , but on the other side of the aisle , settles himself in he chair and scan the audience , most of whom be middle - age and female . he give the girl a cursory glance , then concentrate on balkan . balkan ( cont . ) : bodin be probably the first to attempt to establish a system - if the term system may be apply to the Middle Ages - for classify the contemporary perception of evil . in bodin we find one of the first definition of the word ' witch ' . I quote : ( cock he head for a better look at the text ) 'a witch be a person who , though cognizant of the law of God , endeavor to act through the medium of a pact with the Devil ... ' as balkan 's lecture proceed , corso 's eyelid begin to droop . we pan over the face of the audience ( the girl be still covertly observe corso ) . balkan 's voice drone on , fade away . 9 . balkan build : lecture room int / night close on corso fast asleep . balkan ( o.s. ) : I see you enjoy my little talk , Mr. corso . corso give a start and open he eye . he take a moment or two to focus on balkan , who 's stand over he . peer around through he steel - rimmed glass , he see that the lecture be over . the last of the audience be filing out . we glimpse the girl make she exit . corso : do I snore ? balkan : Nice of you to ask . no , not that I notice . shall we go ? he gesture at the door with a cold and impassive air . corso get to he foot . 10 . balkan build : lobby int / night balkan walk swiftly across the lobby to the elevator with corso at he heel . they leave behind a buzz of conversation from member of the audience who be still discuss the lecture . balkan : do not you sleep night ? corso : like a baby . balkan : strange , I would have bet a brace of gutenberg bible you spend half the night with you eye peel . you be one of that lean , hungry , restless type that put the wind up julius caesar - man who would stab they friend in the back ... they reach the elevator . balkan press a button and turn to corso , who yawn . balkan ( cont . ) not , I suspect , that you have many friend , do you , Mr. corso ? you kind seldom do . corso ( calmly ) : go to hell . balkan be unruffled by corso 's discourtesy . the elevator door open . he stand aside to let corso pass , then follow he in . 11 . balkan build : elevator int / night balkan punch a code number on the elevator 's digital keyboard with a subdued hiss , the elevator start to ascend . balkan : you be right , of course . you friendship do not concern I in the least . we relation have always be strictly commercial , be not that so ? there 's no one more reliable than a man whose loyalty can be buy for hard cash . corso : hey , balkan , I come here to do some business , not shoot the breeze . you want to expound you personal philosophy , write another book . balkan : you do not like I , do you ? corso ( shrug ) : I do not have to like you . you be a client , and you pay well . the elevator reach its destination , the door open . 12 . balkan build : collection int / night the elevator open straight into a spacious room face with black marble . the wall be bare save for a big , back - light photograph of a ruin castle overlook a desolate valley . two huge window in the right -hand wall extend from floor to ceiling . visible outside on the building 's floodlit facade , gargoyle gaze out over the city with they monstrous head propped on they claw . the centre of the room be occupy by a rectangular block of tinted glass resembling a big black monolith . vaguely discernible through the glass be shelf fill with antique book in exquisite binding . balkan lead corso over to the ' monolith ' . he gesture at it proudly , solicit admiration . balkan : well ? corso : yup . balkan : you be privileged , corso . very few people have ever set foot in here . this be my private collection . some bibliophile specialize in gothic novel , other in book of hour . all my own rare edition have the same protagonist : the Devil . corso be impressed but do he best not to show it . corso : May I take a look ? balkan : that 's why I bring you here . he go over to the ' monolith ' and punch a keyboard on a control panel , gesture to corso to come closer . corso put out he hand . before he can touch the glass , it glide aside with a faint hum . he adjust he glass and glance at balkan , who look on calmly . his eye roam along the spine of the book . balkan come and stand beside he . balkan ( cont . ) : beautiful , be not they ? that soft sheen , that superb gild ... not to mention the century of wisdom they contain -- century of erudition , of delving into the secret of the Universe and the heart of man ... I know people who would kill for a collection like this . ( corso shoot he a quick glance ) the ar diavoli ! you will never see as many book on the subject anywhere else in the world . they be the rarest , the choicest edition in existence . it have take I a lifetime to assemble they . only the supreme masterpiece be miss . come ... he have accompany corso on he tour of the collection . they come to the end of the ' monolith ' . gesture to corso to follow he , balkan go over to a ultramodern , brush steel lectern stand beside one of the huge picture window . as he approach the lectern , corso briefly glimpsis the sheer drop beyond the window , the twinkle light of traffic pass in the street far below . reposing on the lectern be a black book adorn with a gold pentagram . corso open it at the title page , which display the title in Latin and a pictorial engrave . corso ( not look at balkan ) ' the nine Gates of the Kingdom of shadows ... balkan : you be familiar with it ? corso : sure. Venice , 1623 . the author and printer be aristide torchia , burn by the Holy inquisition , together with all he work . only three copy survive . balkan one . corso : the catalog list three copy survive in private ownership : the fargas , the kessler , and the telfer . balkan : true . you have do you homework , but you be wrong nonetheless . accord to all the source I myself have consult , only one be authentic . the author confess under torture that he would hide one copy . only one . corso : well , three be know . balkan : that 's the trouble . corso resume he inspection of the book . corso : where do you get it ? balkan : I buy it from telfer . corso ( surprised ) : telfer ? balkan ( look out the window ) : yes , he finally sell it to I . the day before he kill himself . corso : good timing . balkan ignore this . corso turn the page with care . he linger over a engrave of a knight in armor riding toward a castle with a finger to he lip as though enjoin the reader to silence . below it be a caption . balkan draw closer and read over corso 's shoulder : balkan : nemo pervenit qui non legitime certaverit . corso : you only succeed if you fight by the rule ? balkan : more or less . ever hear of the ' delomelanicon ' ? corso : Heard of it , yes . a myth , be not it ? some horrific book repute to have be write by Satan himself . balkan : no myth . that book exist . torchia actually acquire it . he return to the window overlook the sheer drop . gazing down , he go on : balkan ( cont . ) : the engravings you be now admire be adapt by torchia from the ' delomelanicon ' . they be a form of satanic riddle . correctly interprete with the aid of the original text and sufficient inside information , they be repute to conjure up the Prince of darkness in person . corso : you do not say . he continue to turn the page . balkan : be you a religious man , corso ? I mean , do you believe in the supernatural ? corso : I believe in my percentage . I also believe that book grow old and decay like the rest of we ... do not you get dizzy , stand there ? balkan continue to stare down at the nocturnal cityscape . corso change tack . corso ( cont . ) : what the hell do you want from I , balkan ? balkan leave the window and confront he . balkan : I want you to go to Europe and play the detective . the other two copy be in Portugal and France . you must find some way of compare they with mine : every page , every engrave , the bind - everything . I be convinced that only one can be authentic , and I want to know which one it be . corso : could be a expensive trip . balkan take a fold check from he pocket and hand it to corso , who slip it into he breast pocket unexamine . balkan : that 's to get you start . spend what you need . corso : what if I find you copy 's a forgery ? balkan stare at he coldly for a moment . balkan : it 's quite on the card . corso seem mildly surprised . he look at the book again , 'listen ' to the quality of the paper by put he ear to the page and riffling they with he thumb . corso : really ? it do not appear to be . even the paper sound kosher . balkan : even so . there may be something wrong with it . corso continue to examine the book . he smile ironically . corso : you mean the Devil will not show up ? he shut the book and replace it on the lectern . balkan : do not be flippant . ( quote ) ' there be more thing in heaven and earth than be dreamt of in you philosophy . ' corso : hamlet believe in ghost , not demon . balkan : if all three copy turn out to be bogus or incomplete , you work will be do . if one of they prove to be genuine , on the other hand , I will finance you further . corso stare at he , then unfold the check and glance at the amount - a substantial sum , from the way he raise he eyebrow . balkan ( cont . ) : 1 shall want you to get it for I at all cost , never mind how . corso : never mind how sound illegal . balkan : it would not be the first time you have do something illegal . corso : not that illegal . balkan : hence the size of the check . do a good job , and I will double it . he pick up ' the nine Gates ' and hold it out . after a moment 's hesitation , corso replace the check in he pocket and take the book . balkan ( cont . ) : be careful , corso . corso : what do you mean ? ( indicate the book ) with this ? balkan : just be careful . 13 . corso' apartment int / night a diminutive kitchenette . corso , one hand wrap around a scotch , use the other to remove a tv dinner from the freezer compartment of he refrigerator and insert it in a microwave . he shut the door , set the timer , and stroll out into the live room . a bleak bachelor pad : no picture , ornament or photograph , just book on every available shelf and surface . against one wall , a desk with a computer on it . on the floor beside the desk , corso 's shabby canvas bag . on the desk itself , ' the nine Gates ' . corso go over to the desk . he stare down at the book for a long moment , meditatively sip he scotch . then , without put he glass down , he open the book one - hand and idly turn a few page , pause at the engrave of the knight in armor riding toward the castle . we slowly move in until the screen be fill with a insert of the knight with he finger enigmatically raise to he lip . 14 . telfer house : sitting room , library int / day corso , canvas bag on shoulder , be stand in the middle of a luxuriously furnish sit room . the decor , which include a smile portrait of Andrew telfer , be extremely opulent . corso be look up at the portrait when the door open . he turn to see liana telfer on the threshold with a business card in she hand . his appreciation of she look be evident . liana ( whose photoportralt we see in scene 1 ) be a very sexy , thirtyish blonde with milky skin and a figure whose generous curve be far from conceal by she ultra chic black costume . she give corso the once -over , then enter , close the door behind she . corso : Mrs. telfer ? ( gesture at the business card ) Bob corso . sorry to trouble you at a time like this . liana come over and sit down on a sofa , simultaneously motion corso into the armchair that face it over a coffee table . she put he card down , cross she lovely leg , and wait . corso sit down with he beg between he foot . open it , he produce ' the nine Gates ' . liana involuntarily stiffen at sight of it . corso ( cont . ) : it would be very helpful , mar 'am , if you could tell I what you know about this book . he hold it out . after a momentary pause , liana slowly reach for the book , open it at random , turn a page or two . she speak with a slight french accent . liana ( casually ) : be not this one of my husband 's book ? corso : right . it be in he collection until very recently . he sell it to a client of mine . I be try to authenticate it . liana : he sell it , you say ? how strange . it be one of he most treasure possession . corso : he never mention the sale ? liana be fractionally late in answer . corso spot she hesitation . liana : no . it 's news to I . who buy it ? corso : a private collector . liana : May I know he name ? corso : I be afraid that 's confidential . liana : I suppose he have a bill of sale ? corso : no problem there . liana : be this you job , authenticate rare book ? corso : and tracking they down . liana ( smile ) : you be a book detective . corso ( smile back ) : kind of . ( pause ) do you recall when and where you husband acquire this book ? liana : in Spain . we be vacation at Toledo . Andrew get very excited -- pay a great deal of money for it . he be a fanatical collector . corso : so I gather . liana deposit ' the nine Gates ' on the coffee table and rise . liana : I will show you . corso rise likewise . then a think strike he : swiftly retrieve ' the nine Gates ' and he bag , he stow one in the other as he follow she undulate hip to a door at the far end of the room , which she open . liana ( cont . ) : look . she walk on ahead into the library in which Andrew telfer hang himself . corso be still eyeing she delectable rear view . corso : magnificent ... reluctantly , he drag he eye away from liana and survey the crowded shelf . corso ( cont . ) : really magnificent ... he go over to inspect the bookshelve . in pass he glance up at the chandelier , which be still hang slightly askew . liana : Andrew use to spend many hour in here . too many . corso : do he ever try it out ? he ask the question with a air of spurious innocence , look around the room as he do so . liana frown . liana : I do not understand . corso ( cont . ) : the book -- do he ever use it to perform some kind of ritual intend to ... well . produce a supernatural effect ? liana : be you serious ? corso : absolutely . liana : a Black mass , you mean ? corso : more or less . a attempt to conjure up the Devil . liana : Andrew be a trifle eccentric , Mr. corso , but he be not insane . she give a mournful shrug , every inch the recent widow . liana ( cont . ) : it 's true he would be act strangely that last few day . he shut himself up in here -- seldom emerge except for meal . she draw a deep breath , glance at the chandelier . liana ( cont . ) : that morning I be wake by the scream of the may : he would hang himself . ( pause , look at corso ) whatever he be up to , I certainly can not see he chant mumbo-jumbo or try to raise the dead . the flippant tone of the last few word sound rather force . corso smile at she faintly over he glass , pat he shoulder bag . corso : the Devil , Mrs. telfer . this book be design to raise the Devil . 15 . telfer house ext / day corso cross the forecourt to the street . a man with a mustache and a scar face be lean against a limo park outside the house , smoking a small cigar . they eye each other briefly . corso reach the sidewalk just as a cab sail past . he raise he hand too late to flag it down , look around for another . the mustache 's cellphone beep . he reach into the limo and pick up the receiver . 16 . reference library int / day the big reference library be divide up by freestand bookshelve and have a gallery run around it at second - floor level . numerous reader be occupy the row of table in the central area . corso be seat at one of the table with the ' nine Gates ' in front of he . beside it reposis a large catalog and he notebook . the ' nine Gates ' be open at the frontispiece , which display the title - ' De umbrarum regni novem portis ' - and the word ' sic luceat lux ' separate by a emblem consist of a tree encircled by a snake devouring its own tail . as we move in on the coiled snake , we hear corso translate to himself in a low voice : corso ( o.s. ) : sic luceat lux ... thus ... let the light ... shine ... 17 . reference library int / dusk many of the table be now desert , and the shade read light have be switch on . corso shut a catalog and get up to replace it in the wall of book behind he chair , run he finger along a shelf till he come to another fat tome and remove it . he 's startle to see , frame in the result gap , the face of the girl at balkan 's lecture : short hair , green , feline eye . the face recede and disappear . corso quickly round the end of the bookshelf : no sign of she . he look both way , but the aisle be desert . puzzle , he resume he seat and open the second catalog . then , sense that he 's be watch , he swing around . nothing outwardly suspicious , just two bespectacled student compare note in sibilant whisper . he look right : a scatter of reader . he scan the read - room at large : still nothing untoward . he turn some page in ' the nine Gates ' , come to a engrave of a naked woman riding a seven -headed dragon with a castle ablaze in the background . he consult the second catalog , which display a small reproduction of the same scene with text wrap around it , and jot something down in he notebook . wearily , he straighten and stretch , remove he glass , pinch the bridge of he nose . as he idly scan the read room , he astigmatic vision give he a unfocus glimpse of the girl look down at he from the gallery overhead . by the time he replace he glass , she 's go . 18 . corso' apartment house extinight it 's raining hard . corso trudge up the step of he brownstone with the canvas bag on he shoulder and a bag of grocery in he arm . 19 . elevator int / night corso ride the elevator up . 20 . corso' apartment house : passage , apartment int / night corso emerge from the elevator and walk down the passage to he door . he insert he key in the mortice lock and try to turn it . nothing do : it 's unlock already . next , he insert he key in the second lock and turn it . not be double - lock , the door open at once . it take he a moment to digest the significance of this fact . just then he hear a muffle crash from inside the apartment : a window have be flung open in a hurry . he burst into the live room . no one there , but the light be on . drop he shoulder bag and grocery , he dash into the bedroom . the window be open and the curtain be billow out into the room . corso dart to the window , fling one leg over the sill and climb out on the fire escape . 21 . FIRE escape , side STREET . ext / night foot can be hear clatter down the fire escape . corso peer over the rail just in time to see a dark figure emerge into the side street beneath he and sprint off through the rain . corso ( yell half - heartedly ) : hey , you ! he give up and climb back inside . 22 . corso' apartment int / night corso scan the live room . the only immediate sign of the intruder 's presence be that the chair have be pull away from the desk and one of the drawer be open . corso push the chair back into place and shut the drawer . 23 . bernie' bookstore int / day on ' the nine Gates ' lie open on bernie 's desk . he 's reverently turn the page with corso at he elbow . bernie : Son of a bitch ... where do you get this ? corso : balkan . he want I to research it . bernie : balkan own a ' nine Gates ' ? corso : recently acquire from the late lament Andrew telfer . bernie : trust balkan . what do he need you for ? I do not suppose he plan to sell it . corso : he want I to compare it with the other two survive copy in Portugal and France . I be off to Europe . bernie : compare it ? corso : yeah . only one of the three be authentic , he say . bernie : well , this one look genuine enough . must be worth a million . Jesus ! take good care of it . corso : that 's why I be here . I need you to stash it for I . I be start to see thing . bernie stare at he . bernie : like what ? corso : uninvite visitor , unfamiliar face . I do not trust anyone , not even balkan . ( reflect for a moment ) come to think of it , I do not even trust you . bernie register a mixture of affection and cynicism . bernie : that 's mean , buddy . you know I would never screw you without a damn good reason : money , woman , business . anything else , you can relax . corso tap the book with he forefinger . corso : you will answer for this with you ball , bernie . bernie ( still engross ) : sure , man , sure . you can castrate I personally . corso : I will pick it up on my way to the airport . bernie : no problem . he continue to pore over the book , turn another page , read aloud : bernie ( cont . ) : ' virtue lie vanquish ' , huh ? this engravings be terrific . corso ( lean over he shoulder ) : or horrific , whichever . bernie nod absently . he smile to himself with a air of enchantment . bernie ( cont . ) : beautiful , just beautiful ... visible through the bookstore 's semi-basement window , the leg of passersby accelerate as they scurry past : it have start to rain . a pair of man' legs in dark slack come to a halt . the butt of a small cigar fall to the sidewalk , the legs walk on . two white sneaker come into view . they step on the butt and extinguish it . 24 . corso' apartment int / night corso be in the bedroom , pack some article of clothing and toiletry in a small samsonlte suitcase lie open on the bed . the doorbell ring . fractionally startle , corso straighten up , dump a handful of sock on the bed and go out into the lobby . he peer through the spyhole : liana telfer be stand outside . corso pause for a moment , think hard , then open the door . liana : May I come in ? corso , rather bemuse , step aside and usher she in . corso : this way . he show she into the live room . liana start to unbutton she coat . corso ( cont . ) : allow I . he help she off with she coat and drape it neatly over a chair . she 's dress to kill in a black , lowcut cocktail gown . liana : thank you . corso : sit down , will not you ? liana sink gracefully onto the sofa , take in the decor of he bachelor apartment as she do so . liana : I have come to talk business . corso : great . everyone 's talk business to I lately . liana take a slim gold cigarette case from she purse , extract a black Russian , and light it with a gold Dupont . meantime : liana : yesterday , when you come to see I about that book , I be too surprised to react as I should have do . I mean , it really be one of Andrew 's favorite . corso : so you say . liana : I would like to get it back . corso : that could be a problem . liana : not necessarily . it all depend . corso : on what ? liana : on you . corso stare at she , absorb the line of she figure , the slim leg sheathed in sheer , black silk stocking . corso : I do not understand , Mrs. telfer . the book be not mine to dispose of . she sit back , show off she superb leg to even better advantage . liana : you work for money , I take it ? corso : what else ? liana : I have a great deal of money . corso : I be happy for you . liana : you could stage a theft . I be sure you client be well insure . corso : I be a professional , mar 'am . liana : you be a professional mercenary . mercenary work for the high bidder . corso : I make a live . liana ( huskily ) : I could throw in a bonus . corso : this have happen before someplace . liana : I know . in the movie . corso : and she have a automatic in she stock top . corso watch , mesmerize , as she slowly , very slowly , slide she skirt up she thigh to reveal the creamy flesh between she stock top and black lace garter belt . liana : no automatic . just as slowly , she smooth she skirt down over she thigh . corso swallow hard . he rise and go to he drink corner , a shelf with a array of bottle and glass on it . over he shoulder : corso : want one ? liana : why not ? corso splashes some scotch into two tumbler and carry they over to she . liana sit motionless for a instant , look up at he . then , very slowly , she stub out she cigarette , extend the same hand , and fondle he crotch . corso , with the tumbler encumber both he hand , can only stand there like a bird hypnotize by a snake . his Adam 's apple bob some more . holding he gaze , liana withdraw she hand and rise . they be only inch apart now . she take one of the tumbler and clink it against corso be , then drain it . corso , in a kind of trance , do likewise . very deliberately , liana relieve he of he glass and put it down on the table with hers . then , cupping he face between she hand , she proceed to eat he alive . corso respond . re pull up she skirt , she reach for he zipper and yank at it . he bear she backward and downward onto the sofa . they body coalesce into a heaving mass . the gown slip down over liana 's leave shoulder , revealing a small tattoo in the shape of a snake devour its own tail . 25 . corso' apartment int / night on liana 's hand reach across the floor for corso 's canvas bag . it grope in the bag , then invert it , spilling the content : a couple of pack of lucky , a notebook , a envelope full of bill , a swiss Army knife , a expert 's magnify glass , some pencil , etc . we discover corso and liana on the floor , they clothing dishevel . corso be lie back , still panting and sweat from he exertion , liana be sit up . liana : well , where be it ? corso where 's what ? liana do not fuck with I , corso . corso : I think that 's what we be do . liana 's eye narrow . then , with a animal cry , she go for he face with she nail and tooth . corso turn he head away just in time and scramble to he foot , pull up he trousers . liana , beside herself with fury , fly at he with both hand extend like claw . he manage to grab she wrist and immobilize they , so she sink she tooth in he chest . with a agonize yell , corso release she wrist , clasp he chest and stagger back - hardly a dignify proceeding , because he 's hobble by the trousers that have slump around he ankle . liana look around wildly for a weapon of some kind , catch sight of the scotch bottle and seize it by the neck . corso , one hand hold he trousers at half mast , the other raise in supplication , come shuffle toward she . corso : hey , look , be reasonable ... unmove , liana raise the bottle and smashes it over he head . 26 . corso' apartment int / night corso recover consciousness , gingerly feel he aching head . some blood have trickle down he face . he survey the room , which be in chaos and have obviously be ransacke . he go into the bathroom and inspect himself in the mirror , take a hand towel and gingerly dab he scalp . holding the towel to he head , he return to the live room , where he pick up the phone and punch out a number . we hear a record announcement : bernie ( v.o. ) : hi , this be bernie 's rare book . I be not available right now . if you want to leave a message , please speak after the beep ... corso ( into phone ) : bernie , you there ? bernie ? pick up ! no response . he replace the receiver . 27 . bernie' bookstore ext / night corso , bag on shoulder , be lurking in a doorway across the street from the bookstore . the place look silent and desert , but a dim glow indicate that a light must be on somewhere inside . corso quit the doorway and hurry across the street . he walk down the step to the door and try the handle . the door open . 28 . bernie' bookstore int / night . only bernie 's desk light be on . no sign of bernle himself . corso listen intently , look up at the top of the spiral staircase , which be in shadow , call in a low voice : corso : bernie ? no response . he listen some more : nothing but the sound of a pass car . he make he way cautiously along the bookcase and round a corner , then stop short with a look of horror on he face . bernie have be lash upside down to the handrail of the spiral staircase . his mouth and eye be open , and he batter face be streak with blood . corso ( cont . ) : Jesus Christ ! he put out a hand toward bernie , but the man be so obviously dead that he withdraw it . he look around in a involuntary , apprehensive way . then , satisfied that he 's alone , he start to climb the staircase . once past bernie 's corpse , which he studiously avoid touch , he climb faster . the staircase creak and sway . reaching the third tier of bookshelve , he press a hide button . with a faint click , a panel spring open to disclose a recess fill with book . corso expel a deep breath . there it be , safe and sound : ' the nine Gates ' . he look down at bernie . corso : thanks , man ... I be sorry ... 29 . airliner int / day corso , ensconce in a window seat , be moodily gaze out at some pass cloud-castle . the sun be set . 30 . spanish airport int / night the brightly illuminate arrival hall be thronge with passengers in transit . cop . so , wear he overcoat and carry he suitcase , thread he way through they with the canvas bag on he shoulder . weary and unshaven , he stare straight ahead with a abstract expression , adjust he glass . 31 . toledo STREET , alleyway ext / day corso 's footstep echo as he walk , bag on shoulder , along one of Toledo 's narrow medieval street . very few people to be see . the sun be shine brightly , but there 's a strong wind blow . rounding a corner , corso head down a alleyway flanke by scaffold swathed in protective netting and blue tarpaulin . it 's completely desert . no sound but that of canvas billow in the wind like a ship 's sail . he consult a street sign , turn another corner . he reach a doorway lead to a inner courtyard , bump into a boy who come run out . we hear the strident cry of a woman . boy : s! , si , mama !!! a flight of step in one corner of the courtyard lead down to the basement . corso descend they and stop outside a door . a grimy window beside it serve to display some old book and religious print . the sign on the door read hermanos ceniza restauracion do libros . below it : ' on parle fran‡ais ' and ' English speak ' . corso open the door , which creak . 32 . ceniza bros . workshop int / day corso enter . a gaunt , bent -back old man ( pedro ceniza ) with a pair of glass perch on the end of he big nose look up from a old hand press . everything about he be as gray as the cigarette ash that rain down on he clothes and the book he 's work on . he 's a chain -smoker . pedro : senor . corso : buenas tarde . pedro : buene tarde . pablo ( o.s. ) buenas tarde . corso turn to see another old man ( pablo ceniza ) surface from behind some stack of paper . his resemblance to pedro - bent back , big nose , spectacle - be such that they can only be twin . pablo wipe he inky hand on a rag before shaking corso 's. pedro follow suit . corso hesitates briefly , take aback by this dual apparition . pedro and pablo look he up and down with they keen , twinkle little eye . they movement be slow and serene , they expression carry a hint of mockery , and they often exchange know smile . they be so in sync that they communicate by mean of glance and finish off each other 's sentence . corso : you speak English ? they nod simultaneously . he produce ' the nine Gates ' from he shoulder bag . corso ( cont . ) : I would appreciate you opinion on this . pedro take the book with tremulous hand . pablo quickly clear away some parchment on the workbench to make room for it . some ash from pedro 's cigarette fall on the cover . pablo click he tongue and blow it off . pablo ( reprovingly ) : what a habit for a bookbinder ! ( smile at corso ) ' the nine Gates ... ' a superb edition . very rare . pedro ( open it ) : the telfer copy . corso : you use to own it , right ? pedro : we use to , yes . pablo : we sell it . pedro : we sell it when the opportunity present itself . it be too ... pablo : ... too good to miss . a excellent sale . pedro : a excellent buy - impeccable condition . pablo : impeccable . you be the present owner ? corso : a client of mine . pablo ( over he glass ) : I would never have believe she would part with it . corso : she ? pablo ( without look up ) : senora telfer . corso reach into he overcoat pocket and extract a crumpled cigarette . he 's raise it to he lip when he stop short , produce the equally crumpled pack and offer it to pedro , who have just discard he butt . pedro help himself to a lucky , break off the filter and jam it in he mouth . corso light both of they . corso 1 understand it be Mr. telfer that buy it . pablo : he pay for it . pedro : it be the senora who make he buy it . he do not seem particularly ... ( glance at pablo ) pablo : ..interested . pedro have finish examine the text . he look at the spine . pedro : a superb specimen . corso ( hesitates briefly ) : could it be a forgery ? pedro ( suspiciously , almost indignantly ) a forgery ? ( turn to pablo ) you hear that , Pablo ? pablo wag he finger reprovingly in corso 's face . pablo : I take you for a professional , senor . you speak too lightly of forgeries . pedro : Far too lightly . pablo : forge a book be expensive . Paper of the period , the right ink .... ( make a dismissive gesture ) too expensive to be profitable . pedro and pablo assess the effect of they word on corso , who digest they . corso : I be aware of all that , but could some part of it be forge ? restorer have be know to replace miss page with page take from another copy of the same edition . have you never do that yourselves ? the old man look at each other , then turn to corso simultaneously . pedro , look flatter , nod . pedro : of course it can be do . pablo : it require great skill , naturally , but yes , it can be do . corso : could not that be the case here ? pablo : what make you ask ? corso : my client wish to satisfy himself of the book 's authenticity . the brother eye each other over they glass . corso adjust he own . corso ( cont . ) : his name be balkan . boris balkan of New York . pablo and pedro exchange another glance . corso detect the hint of a smile that pass between they . pedro : all book have a destiny of they own . pablo : even a life of they own . senor balkan be a note bibliophile . he 's no fool . he must know this book be authentic . pedro : we know it . pablo : so must he . pedro : this book be with we for year . pablo : many year . pedro : we have ample opportunity to examine it thoroughly . the printing and bind be superb example of 17th century venetian craftsmanship . he pick up the book and riffle the page under corso 's nose . pedro ( cont . ) : finest rag paper , resistant to the passage of time ! none of you modern wood pulp ! pablo : Watermark , identical shade , ink , type face ... if this be a forgery , or a copy with page restore , it 's the work of a master . pedro : a master . corso contemplate the brother with a smile . corso : do you study the engravings ? they seem to form a kind of riddle . pedro and pablo reopen the book and look at the engravings . pablo : well , yes ... ( another glance at pedro ) book of this type often contain little puzzle . pedro : especially in the case of such a illustrious collaborator . corso look at pedro with sudden interest , then at the book , then back at pedro . corso : collaborator ? pedro shrug , pablo refocus on corso . pedro : you can not have proceed very far with you research . come , look closely . he take a magnify glass and hold it over one of the engravings , which show a hermit with two keys in he hand and a dog and a lantern beside he . a microscopic inscription can be detect in the bottom right corner . corso bend over it , look mystify . pedro grow impatient . pedro ( cont . ) : do not you see ? only seven of the engravings be sign by aristide torchia . corso : and the other two ? pedro : this be one of they . look . corso peer through the magnify glass once more . we see the insert ' invenit l.f . ' corso : ' l.f . '? who 's that ? pedro : think . corso : lucifer ? pedro and pablo chuckle heartily . pedro : you be a clever man , senor . torchia be not alone when they burn he alive . corso : but that 's absurd ! you do not honestly believe ... pedro : the man who write this do so in alliance with the Devil and go to the stake for it . even Hell have its heroes , senor . corso look from one to the other , try to figure this out . 33 . toledo alleyway ext / day corso walk back along the narrow alleyway with the canvas - cover scaffold . he glance over he shoulder . not a soul in sight . the blue canvas flap in the wind , the scaffold creak and groan . he walk on . he hear a sudden rending sound , look back and up . there 's little time to react : the scaffold have come away from its mounting . it 's start to buckle and fall out into the street . desperately , he break into a run . behind he , collapse like a house of card , the mass of canvas and metal gain on he as he sprint for the end of the alley , summoning up all he energy for a final burst . the last of the scaffold hit the ground only inch behind he . he look back at the tangle mass that have only just fail to engulf he . 34 . train ext / night a train speed through the darkness . 35 . train : dine car int / night the dining car be desert save for corso and a steward , who be lolling against the kitchen bulkhead at the far end . corso , with a coffee cup and a brandy glass at he elbow , have ' the nine Gates ' lie open in front of he at the engrave of the hermit with the keys , dog , and lantern . there 's some cigarette ash trap between the page . smiling faintly , he blow it away . then he reach into he bag for he magnify glass , push up he steel - rimmed specs , and screw the glass into he eye . he examine the engrave at close range . we see again the insert of the inscription ' invenit l.f . ' corso straighten up and remove the glass from he eye . he finish he brandy and beckon the steward . 36 . train : corridor int / night the clickety - clack of wheel on track swell in volume as corso , bag on shoulder , cross the slide floorplate that connect one car to another . he enter the next corridor and stop short : there 's a lone figure lean against a window , look out : it 's the girl we see at balkan 's lecture : short dark hair , catlike green eye , slim , athletic figure , jeans and white sneaker . corso set off along the corridor . when he reach she , they eye each other 's reflection in the windowpane . the girl ( softly ) : hi. corso pause to look at she , unable to make up he mind . corso : I have see you before , have not I ? the girl : have you ? corso : yes , somewhere . a brief silence . the girl : be you travel in this car ? corso : the next one . the girl : the sleeper . ( smile ) I travel on the cheap . corso : be you a student ? the girl : something like that . ( look out the window again ) I like train . corso : I too . what 's you name ? the girl : guess . corso : ( shrug , smile ) : greeney . the girl : that will do . what 's yours ? corso : corso . the girl : strange name . corso : italian . it mean ' I ru n ' . the girl : you do not look like a runner to I - more the quiet type . they look at each other 's reflection once more . the girl 's gaze be direct and unwaver . corso terminate they encounter with a diffident little nod . corso : well , have a good trip . the girl : and you . corso walk on down the corridor . there 's something weird about this chance encounter , but he can not figure out what . the girl ( cont . ) : see you around , maybe . corso pause and look back . she 's still lean against the window , stare out . he nod . corso : maybe . 37 . sintra station ext / day it 's a damp , gray morning . a sign read : ' sintra ' . corso , bag on shoulder and samsonite suitcase in hand , get off the train . 38 . quinta fargas gateway ext / day one of sintra 's traditional horse - draw carriage drop corso in front of a massive gateway flanke by stone wall thick with ivy . some bird peer down at he from a branch . the gatepost be surmounted by two mildew - cover female bust in gray stone , one of they with its face obscure by ivy . corso contemplate they for a moment , then push open the gate , which squeak protestingly . Beyond it , a neglect drive . 39 . quinta fargas : driveway , ground ext / day a gray , desolate , infinitely melancholy scene . Dead leave litter a gravel driveway flanke by crumble statue , some of which have topple over onto the long - neglect , weed - infest lawn . corso 's muffle footstep be the only sound . near the house be a dry - up , dilapidate fountain face with tile and top by a moulder cherub . the water of the ornamental pond beside it be dark as molass and coat with dead leave and water lily . the quinta fargas be a gloomy , four-square , 18th century mansion . corso walk up the step and tug the old - fashioned bellpull . a mournful jangling sound issue from the recess of the house . corso wait , glance at he watch . echoing footstep approach . a sound of bolt be withdraw , and the door open to reveal victor fargas . tall and emaciate as a El greco saint , he have a droop white mustache . his baggy trousers and oversize woollen sweater contrast with a pair of old but immaculately polished shoe . his appearance perfectly match he melancholy surroundings . fargas : yes ? corso : Bob corso , Mr. fargas . ( put out he hand ) how do you do . fargas hesitates before shaking hand . then he face clear . fargas : corso , ah yes . please come in . 40 . quinta fargas : reception room , drawing room int / day fargas , who have a slight limp , lead the way through two reception room , once impose but now entirely bare and empty . by the dim light that filter through they dusty window , corso observe the patch on the wall that indicate the former location of painting , curtain , piece of furniture , etc . fargas : Home , sweet home ! he usher corso into a large but sparsely furnish draw room . fargas ( cont . ) : you will not say no to a brandy , 1 take it ? he go over to a side table and pour some cognac into two fine crystal glass . corso , meantime , be surveying the room . at the far end , a huge open fireplace . two ill - assort armchair , a table , a sideboard , some candlestick , a violin case - and book . they be neatly stack on the floor and the few piece of furniture . corso have just discover they when fargas come over with the glass . he put he bag down and take one . corso : thanks . ( admiringly ) handsome glass . fargas : this be the only one I have leave . corso look around the room . corso : must have be a beautiful place . fargas : it be , but old family be like ancient civilization : they wither and die . he raise he glass in a silent toast . corso reciprocate . fargas gesture at the book . fargas ( cont . ) : there they be , eight hundred and thirty - four of they . a pity you do not see they in better time , in they bookcase . I use to have five thousand . this be the survivor . corso , run he finger caressingly over a book . corso : so this be the fargas collection . not quite as I imagine it . fargas : c'est la vie , my friend . but I keep they in perfect condition , safe from damp , light , heat and rat . I dust and air they every day . it 's all I do do , in fact . corso : what happen to the rest ? fargas : sacrifice in a good cause . I have to sell they to preserve the other . five or six book a year . almost all the proceed go to the state in tax . corso : why do not you sell up ? fargas : sell the fargas family estate ? it 's obvious you be a american , my friend . there be thing you can not be expect to understand . corso continue to survey the book , fascinate . corso : if you sell all this you financial problem would be over ... ( pick up a book and examine it ) look at this , poliphilo , for example : a real gem ! he replace it . fargas lean over and carefully adjust the book until it 's precisely in its original position . fargas : I know , but if I sell they all I would have no reason to go on live . more brandy ? he head for the bottle on the side table without wait for a reply . corso : what about ' the nine Gates ' ? fargas ( puzzle ) : what about it ? corso : that 's why I be here .. I tell you on the phone . fargas : the phone ? ( pause ) yes , of course , I remember now . forgive I . of course , ' the nine Gates ' . he look around several time as if try to collect he thought , drain he cognac , and limp over to some book on a rug near the fireplace . fargas and corso kneel on the rug side by side . corso examine the book , which all deal with magic , alchemy and demonology . fargas ( cont . ) : well , what do you think ? corso : not bad . fargas : not bad indeed . this I will never sell . at least tan of they be exceedingly rare . look , plancy 's ' dictionary of Hell ' , first edition , 1842 , Leonardo fioravanti 's ' compendi di secreti ' of 1571 ... but this be what interest you , no ? he pick up a black book with a gold pentacle on the cover - the second copy of ' the nine Gates ' - and hold it out . corso take it carefully and get to he foot . fargas rise too . fargas ( cont . ) : there it be , in perfect condition . it have travel the world for three - and -a-half century , yet it might have be print yesterday . corso take the book over to a window . fargas follow . corso : be it in order ? you have not detect anything unusual ? fargas : unusual ? no . the text be complete , the engravings too . nine plus the title page , just as the catalog state - just like the kessler in Paris and the telfer in New York . corso : it be not the telfer anymore . telfer kill himself , but he sell he copy to balkan first . fargas : balkan ... if he set he heart on a book , no price be too high ... he reflect for a moment , shaking he head and stare at the floor . fargas ( cont . ) : it 's strange he should have send you here , if he already ... he break off as if something have just occur to he . he point to corso 's bag . fargas ( cont . ) : you have it with you ? May I see it ? corso fetch the book , and they go over to a table . fargas place the two copy side by side , bend over they . fargas ( cont . ) : superb , beautiful , identical . two of the only three that escape the flame , reunite for the first time in over three century . the shadow be lengthen . fargas reverently turn the page of each book in turn , caress the yellowing paper with he fingertip . fargas ( cont . ) : look at this imperfection in the fourth line here - the damage S . the same type , the same impression . he turn both copy of ' the nine Gates ' over to reveal they backboard . fargas ( cont . ) : you see ? if it be not for this slight discoloration on the back of my copy , one could not tell they apart . corso : if it 's all right with you , I would like to stay awhile and study they in detail . fargas ( eye he keenly ) : what be you look for , Mr. corso ? corso : I wish I know . fargas look suddenly grave . fargas : some book be dangerous . not to be open with impunity . corso ( with equal gravity ) : very true . 41 . quinta fargas : drawing room int / dusk a fire be burn on the hearth . fargas , seat at a window , be practice the violin . he repeat the same short piece over and over again , occasionally pause to take a sip of brandy . corso be sit at a table with both copy of ' the nine Gates ' open in front of he at the engrave of the knight with a finger to he lip . corso compare the two copy with the aid of he magnify glass . they look identical . corso turn over several page in each book until he come to the hermit with the keys , dog , and lantern . he compare the two copy . again , no apparent difference . he proceed to a third engrave : a wayfarer approaching a bridge with two gate tower and a angelic archer in the cloud overhead . another seemingly identical pair . then he stop short and return to the second engrave . it look the same , but ... then he spot it : in balkan 's copy the key be in the hermit 's right hand , in fargas 's copy in he leave ! fascinate by this discovery , corso peer closely at each signature in turn . balkan 's read ' a.t. ' , fargas 's ... ' l.f . ' corso turn to a engrave of a jester outside a maze with two entrance . Comparison of the two copy reveal that in fargas 's copy one of the doorway be open ; in balkan 's it 's brick up . the signature , too , vary : ' a.t. ' in one , ' l.f. ' in the other . corso ( excitedly , under he breath ) : now we be get somewhere ... a old - fashioned telephone bell start ringing in the bowel of the house . corso look up . fargas do not hear the bell immediately . he play on for a bar or two , then pause and listen with he head cocked . the telephone continue to ring . his chair scrape the floorboard as he get to he foot . he put the violin down and limp out . 42 . quinta fargas : drawing room int / night corso 's open notebook now display a chart consist of two horizontal row of nine box . one row be mark ' balkan ' , the other ' fargas ' . corso be busy fill in the box with either ' a.t. ' or ' l.f . ' fargas reappear . he give corso a friendly nod , return to the window and launch into the same old piece on he violin . corso have now fill in all the box . he study they for a moment , then ring all the ' l.f. 's in red . 43 . quinta fargas : gateway , road ext / night under a owl 's vigilant gaze , corso shut the gate . his breath be visible as steam in the chilly night air . after a last backward look at the statue- border driveway and the neglect garden , he turn up he overcoat collar , settles he bag on he shoulder , and set off down the road toward the light of sintra , which be visible in the distance . his footstep re-echo from the wall that bound the fargas property . then it happen : he have not go far when two headlight snap on behind he . simultaneously , the car start up and take off with a squeal of tire . corso spin around . he stand there transfix for a moment , then dodge behind a project buttress as the car hurtle past , miss he by a whisker . the car , a big dark sedan , skid to a halt some twenty yard away . the driver ' 's door open and a tall man get out . he momentarily hesitates when he see corso still on he foot . just then we hear a motor vehicle - a noisy one - round the next bend . the tall man be capture by a beam of light . corso have see he before : it 's the mustache . the mustache decide to beat it . he dive back into the car and take off fast . corso , tremble with shock , watch the tail light recede and disappear . the sound of the approach vehicle increase in volume . corso turn to stare at it . wobbling unsteadily along the road come a lone peasant astride a ramshackle motorbike with a blow exhaust . the peasant honk as he go by . corso retrieve he bag from the roadside . 44 . sintra HOTEL ext / night corso enter a small hotel . 45 . sintra HOTEL : reception , lounge int / night corso , still look pretty rocky , collect he key from the reception desk and set off in the direction of the elevator . visible in the background be the hotel lounge . two elderly female tourist , possibly retire English schoolmarm , be quietly converse at one table while a overweight german couple sip cocktail at another . corso , idly scan the lounge as he make for the elevator , stop short : a pair of leg in jeans and white sneaker be jutting from a inglenook fireplace in the far corner . he go over to investigate . the girl be snuggle up in a armchair with a book on she lap . he hesitates for a moment . she look up . corso : hi. you do not say you be bound for sintra . the girl : neither do you . corso : what be you do here ? the girl reading . corso : I can see that . the girl : and bump into people unexpectedly . corso : unexpectedly be right . the girl : be you on a business trip ? ( indicate he shoulder bag ) be that why you always carry that thing around ? corso do not answer , adjust he glass . inquiringly at she book . the girl hand it to he . we see the title : ' the Devil in Love ' by Jacques cazotte . corso : you like gothic novel ? the girl : I like book . I never travel without one . corso : be travel long ? the girl : Ages . corso eye she , intrigue . she uttere the word in the simple , natural way that characterize all she behavior . corso : you say you be a student ? the girl : do I ? ( shrug ) so I be . in a way . corso shake he head and smile . he 's get nowhere fast . the HOTEL porter appear at he elbow . HOTEL porter : Excuse I , senhor . phone call . corso ( surprised ) : for I ? be you sure ? HOTEL porter : sim , senhor . he withdraw . corso turn back to the girl . corso : well , sorry I disturb you . he hand back the book and turn to go . 46 . sintra HOTEL : phone booth int / night corso pick up the receiver with a puzzle frown . he gesture corso : yes ? balkan ( v.o. ) : Mr. corso ? corso ( startle ) : balkan ? how do you find I ? balkan ( v.o. ) : make any progress ? corso : progress ? you could call it that . balkan ( v.o. ) : well ? corso : I have examine the fargas copy . it 's authentic . at least it look that way . like yours . but there be discrepancy . balkan ( v.o. ) : discrepancy ? corso : in the engravings . like key in different hand , doorway open in one copy and brick up in the other . balkan ( v.o. ) : 1 see . corso : and there 's another thing . balkan ( v.o. ) : yes ? corso : the one that differ be ail sign ' l.f. ' seem like some kind of riddle . a long pause . corso ( cont . ) : be you still there ? where be you , anyway ? balkan ( v.o. ) : I think you would better get it for I . corso : the old man would not sell it to save he life - he say as much . another long pause . corso ( cont . ) : balkan ? a click , and the line go dead . 47 . sintra HOTEL : corso' room int / dawn the curtain be draw , but there 's light enough for we to see corso lie fast asleep on he back in bed , one limp arm trail over the edge . a knock at the door . he grunt and prop himself on one elbow . corso ( sleepily ) : just a minute . he roll out of bed and wrap the bedspread around he waist . then he open the door and stand there , a tousle figure with liana 's tooth mark clearly visible on he chest . the girl be outside . the girl : you leave you phone off the hook . corso : Jesus ... ( peer blearily at he watch ) : what time be it ? the girl : early , but you have to go . corso ( bewilder ) : go where , for God 's sake ? the girl : the fargas place . corso be at first too bemuse to find it odd that she should know the name . corso : fargas ? I already see fargas . the girl : I think you should see he again . corso : what be this , a practical joke ? who the hell be you ? what do you know about fargas ? the girl : better get dress . I will wait for you downstairs . 48 . quinta fargas : driveway , house ext / day corso and the girl be walk in silence up the driveway , with its carpet of dead leave and avenue of crumble statue . he eye she , mystify , as she stride briskly along with a blue duffel coat over she usual attire . the early morning mist be disperse . with another look at the girl , who remain stand at the foot of the step , corso go up to the front door and yank at the bellpull , produce the same muffle jangling sound as before . the girl : do not bother . he be not there . corso ( sarcastically ) : really . so where be he ? the girl : over there . she point in the direction of the ornamental pond . corso stare at she , then walk over to it and freeze : victor fargas 's corpse be float face up among the dead leave and lily pad . a empty brandy bottle be float alongside . corso ( mutter ) : God almighty ! he emerge from he stupor and walk back to the girl , who 's still stand outside the front door . ignoring she , he try the handle , but it 's bolt . the girl : you want to get inside ? corso nod wordlessly , too shocked to bandy word with she . the girl look up at the facade . then , with unsuspected agility , she shin up a drainpipe beside the door and climb onto the balcony above it . one of the french window be break . she reach inside , release the catch , and disappear from view . corso wait , casting occasional glance at the ornamental pond and its occupant . there 's the rattle of a bolt be withdraw , and the girl open the front door from the inside . corso : wait here . he enter the house . 49 . quinta fargas : reception room , drawing room int / day corso traverse the empty reception room and reach the draw room . his foot crunch on something as he cross it on he way to the rug on which the occult book be stack : it 's the remain of one of fargas 's treasure brandy glass . he pause for long enough to identify it , then walk on . the book be lie scattered across the rug : no sign of ' the nine Gates ' . corso : shit ! shit , shit !!! he look around helplessly . then he see it : the last of the fire be still smolder on the hearth , and lie open among the ash , char around the edge , be fargas 's ' nine Gates ' . he pick up , the mutilate volume , look at it for a moment , ruefully shaking he head , and stow it in he canvas bag . 50 . quinta fargas ext / day corso emerge from the house . the girl : well , do you find it ? corso : you know too damned much . more than I do . why do you keep follow I around ? what be you , a groupie or something ? IRS , CIA , interpol ? who be you work for ? the girl : you be waste time , ask all this question . we would better get out of here . there 's a flight from Lisbon to Paris at noon . we should just make it . corso : what 's with the ' we ' ? the girl : there be two of we , be not there ? 51 . airliner cabin int / day a sunlit mountainscape of dazzle white cloud glide past the window beside which the girl be drowsing with she head on corso 's shoulder . the cabin be bath in milky radiance , the atmosphere be tranquil and soothing . corso look down at the girl . corso : somebody 's play a game with I . the girl ( drowsily ) : of course . you be a part of it . corso : what exactly happen back there ? the girl : fargas catch someone steal , I guess . corso : and what do you guess happen to he ? the girl simply ) : he drown . corso : with a little help from who ? the girl ( shrug ) : he 's dead . who care ? corso : I care . I could wind up the same way . the girl : not with I around to take care of you . corso : I see . you be my guardian angel . the girl : something like that . she remove she head from he shoulder , turn away , and snuggle up against the window instead . 52 . paris airport arrival hall int / day corso make he way across the bustling arrival hall . the girl , now with a backpack sling over she blue duffel coat , be trail along in he wake . he glance back at she occasionally . the passengers slow as they reach the bottleneck at immigration control . corso , shuffle along in line , take out he US passport in readiness to show it . he look around for the girl , but there 's no sign of she . 53 . paris HOTEL ext / day a taxi drop corso in front of a modest but respectable three - star hotel . he hand some money through the driver 's window and head for the entrance . 54 . paris HOTEL : lobby , reception desk int / day corso walk up to the reception desk , which be preside over by a desk clerk ( gruber ) . a short , squat reincarnation of erich von stroheim , he wear he uniform like a prussian grenadier . corso : hello , gruber . gruber look up , acknowledge corso 's presence with a curt , faintly military inclination of the head . gruber : welcome , Mr. corso . delighted to see you again . ( consult he computer screen ) we do not have any vacancy , but I be sure I will be able to organize something . corso : thank you , gruber . discreetly , he slide a 100 franc bill across the desk . gruber make it vanish with elegant alacrity and smile - almost . gruber thank you , sir . 55 . paris HOTEL : corso' room int / day a bottle of scotch and a glass repose on a small desk , likewise balkan 's ' nine Gates ' and fargas 's char copy . a lucky be smoulder in the ashtray beside they . corso be turn the page of what remain of fargas 's copy . he pause at a page of text bear a distinctive ornamental capital , peer at the gutter , and detect that the page face it have be tear out . thoughtfully , he run he finger along the rough edge . then he open balkan 's copy at the same place . what be miss from the char copy be the engrave of the hermit with the keys , dog , and lantern . corso take a pull at he scotch and lean back with the lucky between he lip , think hard . then he glance at he watch and stand up . 56 . pont des art ext / day it 's a fine day . corso , canvas bag on shoulder as usual , be stride across the bridge toward the Left Bank . 57 . kessler build ext / day corso walk up to the entrance of a tall , well - preserve old building overlook the seine . 58 . kessler build int / day a grim - face concierge be sit in she cubby-hole . she eye corso inquiringly . concierge : monsieur ? corso : the kessler Foundation . concierge derniŠre ‚tage . she jerk she head in the direction of a old - fashioned elevator like a gild cage . 59 . kessler build : lobby int / day the secretary be a big-bosom , middle - age woman with hornrim and scrape - back hair . she look up at corso with a inquisitorial air . corso : Bob corso . I have a appointment with baroness kessler . have consult she appointment book and she watch , the secretary rise . she speak with a french accent . secretary : this way . she walk ahead of corso down a panell corridor and stop outside a heavy wooden door . secretary ( cont . ) : you have thirty minute . she knock on the door and open it . 60 . kessler build : office , library int / day a spacious room fill with luxuriant pot plant . beside the window , a large desk . cover with papers and book , some of they open . corso follow the secretary in . baroness kessler , a elegant little white - haire old lady with a Hermes scarf drape around she shoulder , turn she electric wheelchair to face he . she speak with a pronounce german accent . baroness kessler : Mr. corso ? come in . I have hear a great deal about you . she approach with she leave hand extend . we see that she right arm have be amputate at the elbow . , corso : nothing good , I hope . they shake hand . baroness kessler ( to the secretary ) : merci , Simone ( to corso ) : you hope right . the secretary exit , close the door behind she . corso ( dryly . ) : I be reassure , baroness . in my trade , to be speak well of can be professionally disastrous . he survey the room . visible through some open double door on the right be a vast library . he focus on it . baroness kessler follow the direction of he gaze . baroness kessler : yes , there it be : the kessler Collection . corso : very impressive too . I know you catalog almost by heart . baroness kessler : strange we have not meet before . you name be a byword among dealer and collector but I imagine you know you own reputation better than I do . corso : it keep the wolf from the door . ( smile to change the subject ) be you in the middle of something ? baroness kessler beckon he over to the desk . corso look at the array of book and papers . a elegant fountain pen lie on top of some handwritten note . baroness kessler : my latest work : ' the Devil : History and myth ' - a kind of biography . it will be publish early next year . corso : why the Devil ? baroness kessler ( laugh ) : I see he one day . I be fifteen year old , and I see he as plain as I see you now : cutaway , top hat , cane . very elegant , very handsome . it be love at first sight . cop . so chuckle , do he best to charm the old lady . corso : Three hundred year ago they would have burn you at the stake for say that . baroness kessler : Three hundred year ago I would not have say it . they both laugh . baroness kessler ( cont . ) nor would I have make a million by write about it . ( abruptly businesslike ) what be it you wish to discuss , Mr. corso ? cop .so ( adjust he glass ) : there 's a book in you collection I would like to examine . she smile as if that be already obvious . cop.so ( cont . ) : it 's ' the Book of the nine Gates of the Kingdom of shadows ' . baroness kessler ( unsurprise ) : the nine Gates ? a interesting work . everyone 's be ask about it lately . corso ( stiffen almost imperceptibly ) : really ? baroness kessler eye he for a moment . baroness kessler : come with I . swing she wheelchair around , she steer it toward the double door and into the library beyond they . corso follow . corso ( cont . ) : you really believe in the Devil , baroness ? baroness kessler : enough to devote my life and my library to he , not to mention many year of work . do not you ? corso : everyone 's be ask I that lately . baroness kessler look mildly amused . she send she wheelchair glide over to a bookshelf and remove the third copy of ' the nine Gates ' . baroness kessler : this book demand a certain amount of faith . corso : my faith be in short supply . they both go over to a small table in the centre of the room . baroness kessler open the book and turn a few page . there be handwritten slip of paper insert throughout . baroness kessler : I know this book extremely well . I study it for year . corso : do you have any doubt about its authenticity ? baroness kessler ( glance at he suspiciously ) : none whatever . corso : you be sure ? baroness kessler : my knowledge of this book be profound . 1 write a biography of its author . corso : aristide torchia ? baroness kessler : a courageous man . he die for the sake of this very book in 1623 . he have spend many year in Prague , a centre of the occult . while there he study the black art and acquire a copy of the dread ' delomelanicon ' . this be he adaptation of that work , which be write by lucifer himself . after they burn he at the stake , a secret society be found to perpetuate its memory and preserve its secret : the Brotherhood . corso : the Brotherhood ? baroness kessler : yes , a kind of witch ' coven . for century they have meet to read from this book and worship the Prince of darkness . today they have degenerate into a social club for bored millionaire . I myself belong to the Brotherhood many year ago , but time be too precious at my age . I tell they to go to the Devil . she titter at she own little joke . corso : they still meet ? baroness corso : every year . corso : and you say they read from this book ? he stare from the book to baroness kessler . baroness kessler : no , I take mine back when liana telfer acquire the one in Toledo . Victor fargas be a unbeliever - he have always refuse to participate , so naturally they use the telfer copy . not that it have ever work . ( pause ) they never do , to be honest . corso : so Andrew telfer never take part ? baroness kessler : never . he know nothing of this activity until that creature liana de Saint - damien marry he for money . she use he dollar to buy the book and renovate she chateau . a old and aristocratic family , the Saint - damien , but penniless . they have dabble in witchcraft for hundred of year . corso : telfer hang himself last week . a brief silence . she look stunne for a moment . baroness kessler : I see . and fargas ? corso look at she impassively . corso : he be alive the last time we speak . baroness kessler : when be that ? corso two day ago . baroness kessler digest this , look at he keenly . baroness kessler : who exactly be you work for , Mr. corso ? corso : my client 's name be irrelevant , baroness . I be simply try to authenticate he copy - the one telfer sell he before he die . baroness kessler ( catch on ) : how stupid of I ! I should have guess ! angry now , she swing she wheelchair around to face he full on . baroness kessler ( cont . ) : you have outstaye you welcome , Mr. corso . corso : I be hope to examine you copy in detail . baroness kessler : certainly not . tell you client , who can only be boris balkan , to come and examine it himself - if he dare . tell he not to send any more wolf in sheep ' clothing . and now , kindly leave . sternly , she point to the door with she stump . her wheelchair hum as she shepherd corso out through the office . he open the door to the corridor . baroness kessler ( cont . ) you do not know what you be get yourself into , Mr. corso . get out before it 's too late . corso : I be afraid it already be , baroness . baroness kessler : some book be dangerous , and this be one . corso ( smile wryly ) : so people keep tell I . thanks 's for you time . baroness kessler watch he exit . he 's hardly out the door when she pick up the phone . 61 . kessler build : lobby int / evening corso walk back along the corridor . the secretary , who have be peel a orange , unsuccessfully hide it below desk level and give he a curt nod as he pass . 62 . kessler build , riverside STREET ext / evening corso emerge from the building . as he do so he catch sight of the mustache lean against the parapet of the riverside promenade across the way . the mustache stiffen and straighten up . corso , with one eye on he , start walk . the mustache start walk too , keep level with he on the other side of the street . corso come to a cafe . for want of a better idea , he go inside . 63 . cafe / riverside STREET int / ext / evening corso sit down at a table , order a drink . look out the caf& window , he see the mustache lean against the parapet in he former pose , watch . the mustache light a small cigar without take he eye off corso . 64 . cafe / riverside STREET int / ext / night corso be still sit at he table , which now have several check on it . the light come on , blotting out he view of the street through the window . all he can now see be a reflection of the c'fe 's interior , include he own seat figure . he drum on the table irresolutely , glance at he watch , deliberate . he can not postpone the moment of decision any longer . he add up he check and put some money on the table . then , settling he bag on he shoulder , he make for the door . he peer across the street , see no sign of the mustache , and exit . 65 . riverside STREET , seine quayside ext / night corso emerge from the cafe . still no sign of the mustache . he set of falong the sidewalk , glance across the street as he do so . then , over he shoulder , he catch sight of a car with dip headlight - a dark - color sedan - crawl along the curb some twenty yard behind he . on impulse , he dart across the street to the riverside promenade and dash down the flight of step that lead to the quay . the car 's headlight blaze up . it accelerate , tire squealing , and swerve across the one - way street in pursuit . 66 . seine quayside , promenade ext / night corso race down the step , hear the car skid to a halt , and sprint off along the quay with he overcoat flap and the shoulder bag bump against he flank . it 's misty down on the quayside , and the streetlight cast a yellowish glow that hinder visibility rather than help it . a couple of hundred yard along the quay he run out of steam and slow , turn to look : no sign of the mustache , no sound of pursue footstep . relieved but still wary , he lean against the embankment wall to catch he breath and light a cigarette . then , with a final backward look , he walk on to the next flight of step . he 's halfway up they when the mustache , a tall , menace figure , appear at the top . he turn to flee , but the mustache be too quick for he . he dart down the step and punch he retreate figure behind the ear . corso miss the last couple of step and land face down on the quayside . the mustache be on he in a flash . he bend down and yank the strap of the bag off he shoulder . corso resist , hug the bag protectively , get kick in the stomach , double up and hang on for dear life . as he lie there with the mustache kick he repeatedly and tug at the strap , he see , silhouett against the yellowish , misty glow of the nearest streetlight , a ghostly figure fly down the step : it 's the girl , with she duffel coat stream out behind she like superman 's cape . the mustache have finally get the bag away from corso . just as he straighten up and turn to go , the girl perform a fly leap and kick he in the solar plexus . he grunt and go sprawling on he back , drop the bag . the girl be stooping to retrieve the bag when the mustache scramble to he foot and lunge at she . he throw a punch at she head . although she neutralize most of its force by riding it , he catch she a glance blow on the nose . the girl react like lightning , kick he in the ball . he yelp and go into a crouch . then , with a spin kick , she floor he once more . he lie there , spitting blood and glaring up at she . she seem to have knock the fight out of he at last . with one wary eye on the mustache , the girl pick up the shoulder bag and turn to corso , who 's struggle to he foot . Beyond she , he see the mustache get up and make for the step . corso : hey , he 's get away ! the girl merely turn to look . corso set off after the mustache , who have already start up the step , and just manage to grab one of he leg . the mustache kick @ self free and continue up the step with corso clumsily follow a few foot behind . wait at the top of the step , engine idling and passenger door open , be the dark sedan , a mercede . corso reach street level in time to catch a glimpse of the glamorous blonde behind the wheel : it 's liana telfer . the mustache jump in and slam the door . the car burn rubber as it accelerate away . the girl calmly climb the last few step with corso , a beg in one hand and he glass in the other . she hand they to he . the girl : they be break . you should be more careful . corso , lean back against the promenade wall and breathe heavily , stare at she with he mouth open . he slide down the wall and subside into a sit position on the sidewalk . 67 . riverside STREET ext / night corso , one lens of he glass crack , be still sit on the sidewalk with he back against the wall . the girl be sit beside he . he produce a crumpled lucky and light it . it take he quite a while , he hand be shaking so badly . the girl 's nose be bleed . she wipe it on she sleeve . corso produce a handkerchief as crumpled as he cigarette and hand it to she . corso : when do you learn all that ? the girl : what ? corso aim a feeble kick in the air . corso : that stuff . the girl ( casually ) : oh , age ago . corso : no shit . the girl get up and hold out she hand . corso take it and rise with a effort . he flick he cigarette over the parapet . they walk off along the promenade side by side . 68 . paris HOTEL : lobby , reception desk int / night corso go up to the reception desk , where gruber be on duty . corso : I need a favor , gruber . gruber look up , register he break glass and dishevel condition . the girl be stand in the background . gruber : certainly , Mr. corso . corso : liana telfer , maiden name Saint -damien . thirtyish , blond , dishy . probably accompany by a big man with a Clark gable mustache . impassive as ever , gruber make some note on a pad . corso ( cont . ) : I want to know if they be stay at some hotel here in Paris . gruber : it could take a little time . corso : of course . start with the five-star . they be the best bet . gruber : very good , sir. ( pause ) be you feel all right ? corso : I have feel better . thanks , gruber . let I know if you locate they . gruber watch corso and the girl walk to the elevator . 69 . paris HOTEL : bedroom int / night corso be fill a plastic laundry bag with ice from a tray in the minibar . the girl be sit on the bed with she head tilt back and a bloodstain handkerchief to she nose . the bedside light bathes the room in a subdued glow . corso : here , hold this against you neck and lie back . he sit down beside she and hand she the improvise ice pack . she apply it to the nape of she neck , lie back and shut she eye . corso ( cont . ) : you be great down there by the river . I have not really thank you . she open she eye and smile at he . corso ( cont . ) : like to tell I what 's go on ? the girl ( shrug faintly ) : someone 's after you book . corso : they do not have to kill fargas to get it . they do not have to mutilate he copy , either . they tore out the engravings and ditch the rest . there 's get to be more to it than that . her nose have stop bleed . the girl : do you believe in the Devil , corso ? corso : I be be pay to . do you ? the girl ( smile ) : I be a bit of a devil myself ... she reach up , remove he glass , and put they on the bedside table . corso eye she uncertainly . then the spell be break : she nose start to bleed again . she put she fingertip to it and inspect the blood on they . very deliberately , she dabble they in the blood some more , reach up , and gently draw four vertical line down he face from he forehead to he mouth , where she fingertip linger . corso 's face approach hers . they melt into a passionate kiss , then she push w= away , roll he over on he back , unbutton he shirt , and rest she palm on he chest . playfully , she run she forefinger over the imprint of liana 's tooth . the girl ( smile mischievously ) : would you know a devil if you see one ? 70 . paris HOTEL : stair , lobby , reception desk int / dawn corso , tieless and unshaven , descend the stair to the lobby carry he beg . the junior desk clerk , a spotty youth , be doze on a chair behind the reception desk . corso go over and rep on the desk . the junior desk clerk spring to he foot like a jack - in- a- box . corso jerk he chin at the door behind he . corso : do you have a photocopier back there ? junior desk clerk : er , yes , monsieur . corso : May I use it ? junior desk clerk : be you a guest , monsieur ? corso : you mean I do not look like one ? junior desk clerk : of course , monsieur . this way , monsieur . he lift a flap and show corso into the back office . corso : room 35 . and get they to send up breakfast for two . 71 . paris HOTEL : office int / dawn corso have deposit he bag beside the photocopier and take out balkan 's ' nine Gates ' . he open it at the first engrave - the knight with a finger to he lip - and invert it . position it on the photocopier , he shut the flap and press the start button . the photocopy glide out into the tray . 72 . paris HOTEL : corso' room int / dawn corso enter , quietly close the door behind he . the girl be lie sprawle among the rumple sheet , fast asleep . her clothes be drape over a chair with she backpack alongside . stealthily , corso take balkan 's ' nine Gates ' from he bag and secrete it behind the minibar , then go into the bathroom . 73 . paris HOTEL : bathroom , bedroom , corridor int / day corso , with he hair damp from the shower and a towel around he waist , be halfway through shave when there 's a knock on the bathroom door . one cheek daube with foam , he open it to find himself confront by a floor waiter , check pad and ballpoint in hand . floor waiter : bonjour , monsieur . votre petit d‚jeuner . corso : oh. sure . take the pad , he emerge into the bedroom and scribbles he signature , then stop short : there 's a breakfast cart in the middle of the room , but the bed in empty and the girl 's clothes and backpack have disappear . corso ( cont . ) : where be she ? waiter : pardon ? corso : Madame , ou elle est ? floor waiter : je not sais pas , m'sieur . he make for the door and exit . corso catch hold of the door just as it 's close , put he head out into the corridor , look right and leave . no one in sight but the floor waiter , who cast a puzzle glance over he shoulder as he walk off . corso step back into the bedroom and shut the door . he stand there for a moment , frown at the empty bed . then , abruptly galvanize , he dash over to the minibar and look behind it . his fear be groundless : ' the nine Gates ' be still there . just then the phone ring . he pick up the receiver and put it to he ear on the clean-shaven side of he face . corso : yes ? balkan ( v.o. ) : come down . I be in the cafe across the street . 74 . paris HOTEL , cafe . ext / int / day corso , wear he crumpled overcoat and carry he bag , emerge from the hotel and cross the street to a cafe opposite . he enter and look around , catch sight of balkan 's sleek gray head at a table in the corner . he go over to he . corso : you sure as hell get around . he sit down with the shoulder bag between he foot . a waiter appear at he elbow . corso ( cont. ) : ( to the waiter ) : un caf‚ noir , s'il vous plait . the waiter nod and withdraw . balkan study corso 's face through he hornrim , note the glass with the crack lens . balkan : problem ? corso : yeah , like someone try to total I a couple time . aside from that , three people have die on I since I take this job . ( think for a moment ) well , two . telfer be dead already . balkan : 1 do not follow you . corso : it 's simple enough . you give I ' the nine Gates ' and they start drop like fly . I be think of give it back . balkan : who be you talk about ? corso : my pal bernie feldman , for one . balkan : the book dealer ? he 's dead ? corso : murdered . he be hold you book for I . someone be after it . he would not give it to they . a moment be silence . then balkan emit a wholly incongruous chuckle . the chuckle become a guffaw , the guffaw give way to peal after peal of uproarious laughter . he slap he thigh and rock back and forth , he face turn puce , he eye fill with tear . his hilarity be so deafen that the cafe 's other customer turn to stare . corso , too , stare at balkan as if he 's go crazy . balkan 's mirth gradually subside . he remove he hornrim and mop he eye . eventually , still chuckle : balkan : poor fellow . very creditable of he . cop . so refrain from comment on this outburst . corso : then there 's fargas . the waiter bring corso be coffee . balkan wait for he to put it on the table and retire . balkan : what about fargas ? corso : Dead too . balkan : how do you know ? corso : I see he - and he copy , or what be leave of it . someone have snitch the engravings and try to burn the rest . balkan stare at he for a moment . then : balkan : how tragic . what about the kessler copy ? corso : the old woman say it 's authentic , but I do not get a chance to look at it closely . as soon as she guess you be behind my visit she throw I out . you be not she flavor of the month . balkan : you must see she again . you must get I that copy - or examine it , at least . corso ( derisively ) : be you kid ? I would have to be the invisible man. balkan reach into he black briefcase and produce a big manilla envelope . balkan : try this . corso take the envelope and look at it . it 's address to ' baroness friede kessler ' . 75 . kessler build : lobby int / day corso , canvas bag on shoulder , hand the envelope to the secretary , who take it and walk off down the corridor . 76 . kessler build : office int / day a black and white photo fill the screen : it show a young and beautiful baroness kessler flanke by two man in ss uniform . one of they be heinrich himmler . baroness kessler be scowling down at a wartime number of ' signal ' , the Nazi propaganda magazine . it 's lie open on she desk with balkan 's envelope beside it . the secretary show corso in . the baroness address she crisply . baroness kessler : merci , Simone . the secretary nod and exit . fix corso with a cold , challenging stare , baroness kessler feed the magazine into a shredder beside she desk . she no longer look such a dear little old lady . 77 . kessler build : library , office int / day corso be seat at a library table on which reposis the kessler copy of ' the nine Gates ' . beside it lie he notebook and the photocopy of balkan 's engravings . his shoulder bag be hang on the chairback , he overcoat drape over it . he reach into he pocket and produce a lucky , take out he lighter . baroness kessler : blackmail do not entitle you to smoke in my library , Mr. corso . corso stop short and look back through the double door into she office : she 's seat behind she desk like a graven image , watch he intently . he reinsert the lucky in its pack and pocket he lighter . get down to work , he open ' the nine Gates ' and extract one of the baroness 's handwritten slip , read it to himself in a low voice . corso : 'I will recognize you servant , my brethren , by the sign that adorn some part of they body , a scar or mark of you make ... ' he replace the slip . baroness kessler crane she body largely obscure she view of the table . corso turn some page and come to the engrave of the knight with a finger to he lip . he compare it with the photocopy : the castle have three tower instead of four . he examine the margin of the engrave through he magnify glass to ascertain the presence of something he already know will be there : a ' l.f . ' he turn to the chart in he notebook , which have already acquire a third row of nine box . he write ' kessler ' beside it and enter a ' l.f ' in the first box . the second engrave - the hermit with the keys - appear to be identical and the signature be ' a.t. ' a ' a.t. ' go down in the second box . the third engrave be different : the angelic archer have a arrow in he quiver , whereas the photocopy of balkan ' 's counterpart do not . this one , too , be sign ' l.f. ' corso enter a ' l.f . ' in the third box . we move in until the chart fill the screen . 78 . kessler build : library , office long shot of corso from behind . he lean back and stretch , glance in the direction of the office : baroness kessler be no longer at she desk . absolute silence reign . he resume work , turn to the ninth engrave : the naked woman riding the dragon with a castle ablaze in the background . there 's a loud thud , and the engrave sway and blur . the screen goe black . 79 . kessler build : library , office fade in . a electrical hum , punctuate by a strange , rhythmical series of click and thud : click - thud , click - thud , click -thud ... corso , sit slump over the table , come to . he groan and laboriously straighten up , feel he head and wince . the strange sound impinge on he consciousness : he look around vaguely for its source and discover it : baroness kessler 's wheelchair have be leave in forward gear . complete with occupant , it 's collide again and again with the wall beneath a window on the other side of the room . corso , who can just glimpse the top of the old lady 's head from behind , see it jerk forward at each impact . he struggle to he foot . corso : baroness ? no answer . unsteadily , he make he way over to the wheelchair and swivel it around , start back with a muffle exclamation . baroness kessler have be strangle with she Hermes scarf : she cheek be blue , she eye and tongue be protrude . unobstruct , the laden wheelchair take off across the library and head for the double door , which be now close . it run into they full tilt , burst they open , and continue on its way . instantly , smoke come billow into the library , accompany by a crackle of flame . the wheelchair disappear into the murk . corso wildly scan the table for baroness kessler 's ' nine Gates ' , but it 's go . snatch up he notebook and abandon he shoulder bag and overcoat , he make for the office at a run . the office be thick with smoke and illumine by a fiery glow . corso pause in the doorway , shield he face from the heat with one hand , and survey the scene . baroness kessler and she wheelchair have come to rest in the midst of a bonfire of book and papers . corso can just make out she copy of ' the nine Gates ' on top . the flame be already engulf it . corso take a last look , then dash through the smoke to the door and exit . 80 . kessler build : corridor , lobby , landing int / day with smoke billow after he , corso dash along the corridor , through the lobby , which be desert , and out onto the landing . 81 . kessler build : landing , stair , hallway int / day on the landing corso bump into the secretary , who have just emerge from the elevator . she give a little shriek and drop a paper bag . half a dozen orange go bounce ahead of corso as he race down the stair . in the hallway he almost upend the concierge , who 's wield a broom in she curler . leap aside with a startle yell , she speed he on he way with some choice imprecation , then peer up the stairwell : the upper storey be already wreathe in smoke , and sundry tenant have debauch onto the landing . the secretary come pelting down the stair , scream at the top of she lung . 82 . SMALL paris square ext / day corso douse he head in the basin of a fountain , shake off the drip and massage he face . then he lean against the basin and look around . he 's all alone in the little square . he take out a crumpled cigarette and insert it between he lip with drip finger , grope for he lighter , and vainly try to light it . wearily , he remove the cigarette from he lip and toss it away . all at once , he spot a huge great dane watch he from the mouth of a alleyway . corso and the great dane stare at each other . then the silence be break by a fire engine 's siren , faint at first but grow louder . 83 . riverside STREET corner ext / day corso reach a intersection and look around the corner . the kessler building be ablaze . tongues of flame and cloud of smoke be issue from the window of the upper storey . Fire engine and squad car be draw up outside , firemen be direct they hose onto the flame , gendarme cordon off the street and keep curious spectator at bay . 84 . paris STREET , HOTEL lobby ext / intiday corso , look wrung out , cross the street and make for the hotel entrance . he 's just go through the revolve door into the lobby when the girl appear on the inside . hook she arm through he , she steer he around and back outside again in one continuous movement . as she do so : the girl ( mutter ) : just keep go . still firmly grip he arm , she propel he out onto the sidewalk . corso ( baffle ) : what be you play at ? the girl : see that man talk with you friend gruber ? corso turn to look . inside the lobby , two men in trenchcoat be stand at the reception desk in conversation with gruber . the girl ( cont . ) : Police . at that moment , gruber look past they at corso . he briefly lock eye with he but show no sign of recognition . corso : shit . he turn and walk off with the girl at he side . 85 . phone booth ext / int / day corso be in the act of enter a glass phone booth . the girl : you look better without that old bag and coat of yours . they do not do anything for you . corso shut the door in she face . he pick up the receiver , insert a coin , punch out a number . the girl pull a funny face at he through the glass . corso 's only response be to turn away and cup he hand around the receiver . corso ( into phone ) : gruber ? it 's I , corso . can you talk ? gruber ( v.0 ) : no , sir . corso : but you can listen ? gruber ( v.o. ) : certainly , sir . corso : I would like you to do something for I . from outside we see . the girl , arm fold , casually watch he . 86 . paris brasserie int / day gruber enter a brasserie crowded with lunchtime customer . he 's look distinctly prussian in spite of the civilian overcoat over he uniform . he spot corso at the far end of the bar with the girl beside he . she 's suck up some colorful beverage through a straw . gruber acknowledge she presence with a formal nod . corso : you do not have it ? gruber : there be nothing in the place you describe , sir . I be sorry . corso : goddamit ! he turn to the girl . corso ( cont . ) : I suppose you do not take it ? the girl : you still do not trust I , do you ? gruber clear he throat . gruber : I think I may have the answer , sir . someone visit you room earlier on , while my young colleague be on duty : you wife . corso : my wife ? i.do not have any wife . gruber : that 's what I tell he . corso : could he describe she ? gruber ( nod ) : thirtyish , blond , dishy . corso liana ... gruber : which remind I , sir : the lady and gentleman you mention - they be stay at the Hotel crillon , suite 236-238 . corso : good for you , gruber . thanks a lot . gruber : always glad to be of service , Mr. corso . corso : I owe you one for that cop , too . gruber : ah yes , sir . interpol . corso : interpol ! what exactly do they want ? gruber : they express a interest in you whereabouts . corso : and ? what do you tell they ? gruber : that you be out . corso : anything else ? gruber : they ask if I know whether you have recently visit Portugal . corso : and ? gruber : I say that we guest do not make a habit of provide we with they itinerary . corso extract a 500 franc bill from he billfold and slip it into gruber 's hand . gruber acknowledge this largesse with a gracious inclination of the head . corso : for what it 's worth , gruber : I do not know what they think I have do , but I be innocent . gruber ( impassively ) : naturally , Mr. corso . all we guest be . 87 . HOTEL crillon : forecourt ext / day we OPEN on the luxury hotel 's facade , which bear the inscription 'hotel do crillon ' , then pan down to the entrance and the forecourt , which be accessible from the main road but separate from it by a long , narrow island with a cab rank at one end . a hive of activity : HOTEL guest come and go , the doorman , a majestic figure in he gold - braid uniform , deferentially close the door of a depart roll , a bellhop back a guest 's car into a gap in the already overcrowded forecourt . a cab drive up to the entrance . the doorman open the door , corso and the girl get out . corso turn to pay the cabby , the doorman twitches a eyebrow at the girl 's jeans and sneaker . corso and the girl enter . 88 . HOTEL crillon : outer lobby , MAIN lobby int / day visible beyond the outer lobby , which have elevator on one side and stair on the other. , be the palatial main lobby , with its floor and wall of honey - color marble . that , too , be buzzing with activity . corso and the girl stand aside as a elevator door open and some camera-toting japanese tourist emerge . meantime : the girl : what will you do when you see they ? corso ( dryly ) : hide behind you , probably . they enter the elevator . the door glide shut . 89 . HOTEL crillon : corridor int / day corso and the girl walk down the corridor , check number as they go . they have almost reach the door of suite 236-238 when it open abruptly . they jump back in alarm . a bellhop emerge backside first , towing a baggage cart laden with smart vuitton suitcase . corso and the girl take refuge in a lateral passage a few foot to they rear as the bellhop set off down the corridor in the opposite direction , leave the door open . corso pad silently up to the door and enter with the girl at he heel . 90 . HOTEL crillon : suite int / day a desert sit room with a old ' Herald tribune ' lie abandon on the floor and two dirty coffee cup on the table . no sound , no sign of recent occupation aside from a thin wisp of smoke rise from the inefficiently stubbed - out remain of a small cigar . the bedroom door be ajar . the girl stand watch as corso tiptoe over push it open . the room be empty , the bed unmade . corso : downstair , quick ! 91 . HOTEL crillon : lobby int / day corso and the girl have use the stair for speed 's sake . pant , they halt at the foot of the last flight and scan the spacious but crowded lobby . it 's a moment before they catch sight of they quarry . the mustache be stand at the cashier 's desk with liana beside he . corso : c'mon . better grab a cab or we will lose they . head avert , they thread they way across the lobby and make for the exit unobserve . 92 . HOTEL crillon : cab rank ext / day corso and the girl have station themselves at the cab rank on the island . corso see a cab approach amid the stream of traffic and try to flag it down , but it 's take . corso : damn ! 93 . HOTEL crillon : forecourt ext / day meantime , in the forecourt , the doorman hand liana into the passenger seat of the mercede sedan while the mustache supervise the bellhop as he stow they baggage in the trunk . a roll pull up behind the mercede , closely follow by a yellow lamborghini drive by a smartly dress , mustachioe arab with a blond bimbo beside he . the arab get out , leave he key in the ignition . nonchalantly signal to the doorman to park he car , he disappear into the hotel with the bimbo in tow . the doorman acknowledge he gesture before smilingly accept a tip from the mustache , who get in behind the wheel . the girl ( o.s. ) : they be go ! 94 . HOTEL crillon : cab rank , forecourt ext / day corso sight another cab approach and cavort into the roadway , wave he arm like a madman . the cab honk and swerve to avoid he , obstruct some other vehicle , which honk in they turn . it 's empty . corso : bastard ! frustrate yet again , he. retreat to the island . Beyond he agitate figure in the forecourt , we see the mercede drive off . 95 . HOTEL crillon : forecourt , cab rank ext / day with a screech of tire , the yellow lamborghini take off fast in reverse . skirt the island , it back out into the oncoming traffic . then , slam into first , it skid to a halt beside the curb at corso 's elbow . the passenger door open , the girl crane over and look up at he from behind the wheel . the girl : come ? corso stare at she for a instant , then jump in . the lamborghini set off after the mercede , which be not far ahead . it thread its way into the stream of traffic , pursue for a few yard along the sidewalk by the wildly gesticulate doorman . 96 . lamborghini / paris street int / ext day the girl be expertly piloting the lamborghini through heavy traffic . the mercede can be see a few car ahead . corso : could not you have pinch something a bit less conspicuous ? the girl : do not be so picky . most people would give they eyeteeth for a ride in this . corso survey the car 's luxurious interior , open the glove compartment , remove the content and inspect they : some CD , the car papers , a pair of expensive wrap - around sunglass , a arab keffiyeh . 97 . lamborghini / freeway int / ext / late afternoon visible through the windshield , the mercede be cruise along several hundred yard ahead of the lamborghini . corso : we can not sit on they tall forever . they be bound to smell a rat . 98 . freeway ext / dusk long shot of the lamborghini accelerate to draw level with the mercede . 99 . mercede / freeway ext / dusk the mustache , with liana at he elbow , glance sideways . 100 . lamborghini / freeway ext / dusk the mustache 's Pov : the lamborghini overtake with a figure in shade and a kefflyeh at the wheel . it 's the girl . she look straight ahead as she pass . no sign of corso . 101 . lamborghini / freeway ext / dusk corso , who have be hide below door level , sit up . after a cursory glance over he shoulder , he settles back in he seat and light a lucky , covertly eyeing the girl . the girl : how do I look ? corso : you look a million . a million barrel of oil . 102 . lamborghini / freeway ext / dusk the lamborghini pass a exit . the girl , who have discard the keffiyeh and shade , be drive with one eye on the rearview mirror . 103 . freeway ext / dusk the mercede indicate right , slow , and turn off at the exit . the girl ( o.s. ) : sit tight ! 104 . lamborghini / freeway ext / dusk the girl pull over onto the shoulder and stand on the brake . throw the car into reverse almost before it 's stationary , she hurtle backward along the shoulder . a couple of car flash they headlight and blare as the lamborghini reach the exit and skid to a halt , narrowly miss a large truck that have beat it to the exit . 105 . lamborghini / exit road ext / dusk the lamborghini crawl along behind the truck as it grind up the single - lane exit road . corso ( impatiently ) : c'mon , c'mon ! the girl blast the truck with she horn and flash she headlight . the truck 's only response be to slow still further before pull up at a T junction . corso ( cont . ) : what in hell 's the matter with he ? clearly visible in the glare of the lamborghini 's headlight , a arm emerge from the truck 's cab window and give a prolong , one-fingered salute . the arm disappear , the truck move off at last and turn leave across the bridge span the freeway . the mercede be nowhere in sight . the lamborghini move up to the T junction and stand there , engine purring . the girl : take you pick . corso : no , you . you know everything . the girl : if you say so . she turn off right . 106 . lamborghini / country roar ) ext / night it 's dark now , and the lamborghini be speed along a avenue of poplar . no sign of the mercede . the girl : we lose they . corso : not at this speed . they must have go the other way . the girl : you mean I do not know everything after all ? corso : turn around . they pass a small intersection on the right . the girl back into it but do not complete the manoeuvre : something catch she eye . the girl : thirtyish , blond , dishy - what be she name again ? corso : telfer . liana telfer . the girl : no , she maiden name . corso : saint-damien . the girl : look . corso 's Pov : the lamborghini 's headlight have illuminate a signpost . one of the sign read : ' st.-damien 2 km . ' it point the way they be go . the girl turn out into the road and drive on in the original direction . 107 . lamborghini / village ext / night the girl slow as they pass the ' st.- damien ' sign at the entrance to the village itself . the girl : should we drive straight in ? corso : in this thing ? we might as well hang a bell around we neck . Park here . 108 . st.-damien village ext / night corso and the girl walk gingerly down the old village street . a faint glow emanate from a few window in the time - wear house , but the street itself be utterly desert . 109 . village square ext / night they pause at the mouth of a small , equally desert square : church at one end , mairie across the way , village store shutter and in darkness , two or three park car , none of they the mercede . the girl : so ? corso look around irresolutely , see light come from the basement window of a baker 's shop . 110 . village bakery ext / int / night side by side , corso and the girl look down through the open transom of the basement window . inside , a flour-smeared baker be deftly prepare a tray of croissant for the oven . corso : monsieur ? the baker look up , wipe he hand on he smock , and walk over to the window . baker m'sieur ? corso : nous cherchon la maison de Madame de Saint -damien . baker : Le chateau , vous voulez dire . corso : ( to the girl ) : chateau ! that 's it - get to be . ( to the baker ) : ou il est , le chateau ? baker ( gesture ) : La route aprus ' '‚gllse , m'sieur . 111 . lamborghini / minor road ext / night the girl be drive slowly along a country road flanke on one side by wood . a pair of ornate wrought- iron gate and a gatehouse loom up on the leave . corso : keep go . there 's a light on in the gatehouse . they glimpse the gatekeeper lean against he door , smoking , as they cruise past . 112 . lamborghini / minor road ext / night the lamborghini back into the mouth of a farm track . the girl and corso get out , cross the road , and strike off into the wood . 113 . chateau driveway ext / night hugging the tree that border it on one side , corso and the girl be make they way up a long , straight , gravel driveway . the light gatehouse be to they rear , the light of the ch&teau can be see ahead . hear the sound of a car behind they , they turn to see its headlight swing in through the gate . they quickly take cover in the tree and watch the car - a big limo - glide past , then emerge and walk on . 114 . chateau st.- damien ext / night corso and the girl observe the chateau , a substantial 17th century mansion , from the edge of the tree . the forecourt , in which come 20 expensive - look car be park , one of they the mercede , be illuminate by the flambeaux on either side of the portico and the light inside the building . the limo have pull up at the foot of the step , and the occupant , a smartly dress elderly couple , be be greet by a tuxedoe butler while they suitcase be remove from the trunk and carry in after they by a manservant . 115 . chateau / great hall ext / int / nigh 'r corso and the girl have work they way around to the side of the chateau . one of the light window give they a view of the upper reach of the chateau 's great hall , with its balustrade minstrel gallery and lofty , vault ceiling . they climb on a stone bench for a better look . Inside , overlook by a array of ancestral portrait , some 50 guest be inaudibly converse in group . Men and woman alike be attire in long black robe resembling monk ' habit , and all have silver pentacle suspend from they neck on silver chain . they cowl be throw back to reveal the head and face beneath . a motley assortment of people , most of they middle - or late middle - age , one or two of oriental origin . no sign of liana or the mustache . the girl : see they anywhere ? corso : no. the girl : they be not there . 116 . chateau / kitchen ext / intinight corso and the girl continue to make they cautious way around the house . peer through a semi-basement window , they see two chef chopping vegetable at a big kitchen table . they pause , at a loss , and look up at the house . several of the second - floor window be illuminate , and one of they have some creeper - cover trelliswork run up to its balcony . 117 . chateau : balcony / liana' boudoir ext / int / night the girl , with corso close behind she , have just reach the top of the trelliswork . she clamber over onto the balcony . corso scale the last few fact , reach for the balustrade , straddle it and join she . together , they peer through the french window . with they , we see a bedroom decorate in a very feminine style all frill , flounce , and elegant Louis quinze furniture . two of liana 's vuitton suitcase be on the floor near the dainty fourposter . a third , with she discard clothes beside it , be lie open on the bed itself . liana have stripped to she panty . corso and the girl watch as she slip they off , go to a wardrobe , and take out a black robe and silver pentacle like the one we see downstairs . pull the robe over she head , she smooth it down , don the pentacle , and inspect herself in a cheval mirror in the corner of the room . cop . so take advantage of she preoccupation to try the french window . they will not budge . he turn to the girl and shrug , then raise he foot and kick the glass in . liana spin around with a terrify cry and stand there transfix . corso reach inside , turn the knob , open the french window and step into the room . the girl follow . liana : you ! corso : where be it ? liana : how dare you ! corso : that book be not yours , Madame . 1 need it . liana : get out of here , both of you ! corso go over to the bed and empty the suitcase onto the floor . among . its content be ' the nine Gates ' . liana instinctively lunge for it , but the girl block she . corso ( to the girl ) : careful , she bite ! he 's stooping to retrieve the book when the door open and the mustache , robe and barefoot , stand frame in the doorway . corso turn quickly with the book in he hand , the girl stiffen . liana make a dive for the bedside table and produce a chrome - plate automatic from the drawer , flip the safety catch . liana ( to corso and the girl ) : do not move , either of you . ( to the mustache ) : get the book , bruno . corso take a tentative step backward as the mustache approach he with he leave hand extend . he reluctantly surrender the book . the mustache reward he for he co-operation with a vicious right hook to the jaw . corso go down , lose he glass yet again . groggily , he crawl around in search of they . the mustache join liana , steering well clear of the girl . he hand she ' the nine Gates ' and carefully transfer the automatic from she hand to he . liana ( cont . ) : take they downstairs and lock they up . we will deal with they later , there 's no time now . mustache ( to corso , italian accent ) : turn around . corso , who have scramble to he foot , comply . the mustache apply the muzzle of the automatic to the nape of he neck . mustache ( cont . ) : ( to the girl ) : you . go first . any trouble , I blow he brain . the girl make for the door . the mustache prod corso into motion . they exit . liana stare after they for a moment , clasp ' the nine Gates ' to she bosom . 118 . chateau : passage int / night a long passage line with more ancestral portrait . the ancient floorboard creek as the girl obediently walk ahead of corso and the mustache , whose automatic be levell at corso 's back . they reach the end of the passage . mustache : go leave . down the stair . 119 . chateau : staircase , passage int / night they descend a staircase to ground level . another long passage confront they , much like the first but floor with marble . mustache avanti , avanti ! a door at the end lead into a stone - flagge passage with whitewash wall . they make they way along it until they reach a heavy oak door . mustache ( cont . ) : ( to the girl ) : open it ! the girl do so to reveal a small landing and a flight of stone step lead downward . she stop short : the step have no guard rail and the cellar beneath be shroud in darkness . 120 . chateau : wine cellar int / night the mustache prod corso through the doorway until all three be on the landing , then throw a light switch . bare bulb shed little light on the step but illuminate a large vault chamber below . it 's the chateau 's wine cellar : oak barrel and rack of bottle thick with dust and cobweb be house behind a iron grille with a door in it . the door be ajar , the key in the lock . mustache ( to the girl ) : move ! the girl set off down the step . corso follow with the mustache at he heel . halfway down , corso pretend to stumble : he crouch and turn in a single movement . the mustache , follow close behind , trip over he . corso seize he robe and yank at it , help he on he way . simultaneously : corso ( to the girl ) : watch out ! the girl plaster herself against the wall to avoid the mustache 's somersault body . the automatic escape from he hand and slither across the flagstone as he come to rest , with a sicken thud , at the foot of the step . the girl follow he down and pick it up . corso reach the foot of the step and roll the mustache over on he back . he 's out cold , with blood ooze from a break nose . the girl ( faintly admire ) : I do not know you have it in you . corso : another thing you do not know ? he take hold of the mustache 's ankle and , with the girl 's assistance , haul he through the grille into the inner cellar . he stare down at the man for a moment . corso ( cont . ) : hey , give I a hand . I want he gear . he start to peel of fthe mustache 's robe from the foot up , revealing a pair of exceptionally hairy leg . 121 . chateau : wine cellar int / night corso shut the grille door , lock it , and toss the key into a corner . the mustache 's naked , motionless body can be vaguely discern through the bar . 122 . chateau : passage int / night corso and the girl cautiously retrace they step along the marble - floor passage . corso be wear the mustache 's robe and pentacle over he clothes with he shoe and trouser bottom incongruously visible below the ham . they pass the stair they descend and continue on they way . they turn a corner . as they do so , they hear a faint , intermittent hum . they pause to listen , then walk on . the sound grow louder and more distinct : somewhere in the chateau , voice be chant in unison . turn another corner , they find themselves in a anteroom that terminate in two massive double door . the chant be come from beyond they . corso walk over to the door with the girl at he heel . he grasp the handle . the girl ( hiss ) : no ! up to the gallery . 123 . chateau : back stair , gallery int / night the chant be even louder now . corso and the girl reach the top of some uncarpete stair and cautiously open a small door . a wave of sound hit they . 124 . chateau : gallery , great hall int / night . they steal through the doorway into the shadowy gallery , which run around three side of the great Hall , and peer over the balustrade . they have emerge near the top of a spiral staircase lead down from the gallery to a point near the double door at the rear of the hall . at the far end of the huge room in a dais drape in black with some shallow step lead up to it . on the wall above the dais hang a invert silver crucifix ; on the dais itself , which be flanke by a pair of outsize black candle in three - foot silver candlestick , liana stand face the hall from behind a silver lectern on which reposis ' the nine Gates ' . array in the body of the hall be the 50 guest , now cowl , each hold a light black candle . the flicker candle flame bathe the whole scene in tremulous chiaroscuro . liana and the guest be take it in turn , like priest and congregation , to intone passage from the Latin text of ' the nine Gates ' . corso ( quietly , to the girl ) : you stay here and cover I . I be go down . pull the cowl over he head , he sneak down the spiral staircase , secrete himself in the rear rank of guest , and concentrate on liana and the book as the litany continue . all at once , unseen by we , the door swing open with a crash and balkan 's deep bass voice puncture the air on a derisive note . balkan ( o.s. ) : mumbo-jumbo-mumbo-jumbo-mumbo-jumbo ... the guest stop chant , and fifty cowl head turn to look for the source of this unseemly interruption . up on the dais , liana freeze . balkan : mumbo-jumbo-mumbo-jumbo-mumbo-jumbo ... look over- life-size in he dark and elegant double - breast suit , he stride toward the dais . any guest who fail to get out of he way in time be brusquely elbow aside . liana watch he , transfix , as he climb the step and turn to face the bemuse guest . balkan ( cont . ) : look around you - yes , all of you . what do you see ? the guest involuntarily turn to look at each other . balkan ( cont . ) : I will tell you : a bunch of buffoon in fancy dress . what be you expect , a apparition ? I be the only apparition you will see tonight . you really think the Prince of darkness would deign to manifest himself to the like of you ? he never have and he never will - never ! he close ' the nine Gates ' with a snap and hold it up . balkan ( cont . ) : you read from he book , yes , but you have no conception of its true power . I alone have grasp its secret . I alone have fathome the master 's grand design . I alone be worthy to enjoy the fruit of that discovery : absolute power to determine my own destiny . liana find she voice at last . liana : you be insane , boris . ( put out she hand ) : give it back at once . balkan round on she . balkan : as for you , liana de Saint - damien , you be even guiltier than the rest of this pathetic rabble . you have at least some idea of what this book can do in the right hand , yet you lend yourself to this farcical proceedings , this orgy of ageing flesh conduct in the master 's name . you be a charlatan ! liana try to grab the book , but balkan hold it above he head . liana claw he cheek in desperation . balkan clasp he face , drop the book . liana make a dive for it , but balkan pounce on she . they roll over in a clinch , struggle fiercely . balkan grab liana by the throat . she try to break he grip , but he redouble it . halfway down the dais step with balkan on top of she , she fight for breath . her suffocate , agonize face be turn toward the hall . the guest shrink back in horror , some of they drop they candle . hysterical scream rend the air . corso come to life . hampere by he robe , he make for dais as fast as he can , scatter frighten guest in the process . he take hold of balkan 's shoulder and try to haul he off liana . balkan , still throttling she , turn to look . he glare at corso through he heavy hornrim , he feature contort with rage and stupefaction . then , remove one hand from liana 's throat , he deal corso a backhand blow that send he reeling . liana seize the chance to break free . she crawl away and almost regains she fact , but balkan be too quick for she : grab she pentacle chain from behind , he proceed to garrotte she with it . liana , now on she knee , scrabble unavailingly at the chain that be bite into she neck . her face turn purple , she tongue begin to protrude . corso look around wildly for a weapon . he seize one of the three - foot candlestick and raise it over he head . suddenly : the girl ( o.s. ) : do not , corso ! startle , he lower the candlestick and look up : the girl be perch on the gallery balustrade just above he . too preoccupy with balkan and liana to wonder what she game be , corso raise the candlestick once more . the girl land on top of corso , bear he to the ground , and immobilize he with a hammerlock . corso : get off I ! he will kill she ! the girl : leave they . balkan complete he grisly work : liana 's purple face be all too reminiscent of baroness kessler 's . with a final tug at the chain , he plant one foot in the small of liana 's back and send she limp body sprawling across the floor of the hall . scream and cry of horror go up from the guest , who have recoile still further . balkan straighten up , a somewhat dishevel but still impose figure despite the scratch on he cheek . even he hornrim be still in place . he lean fonward , eye narrow in a mock menace way , and stamp he foot . balkan ( in a voice like thunder ) : boooh ! with more hysterical scream and cry of dismay , the guest turn tall and flee the hall like a herd of panic-stricken cattle , jostling each other in they eagerness to get out the door . calmly , without so much as a glance at the girl , corso , or liana 's corpse , balkan smooth he hair down , pick up ' the nine Gates ' , and stride majestically after they . silence fall . the girl release she grip on corso 's arm , get off he and rise to she knee . he sit up , nursing he elbow and stare at she with blank incomprehension . corso : why do you do it ? the girl : some thing be mean to happen . that be one of they . corso : do not give I that crap again ! you be work for he all along ! the girl : funny , I think you be . corso : you play I for a sucker , the two of you . I do not intend to take the rap for that maniac . the girl : he just murder someone with a roomful of witness . that let you off the hook for the other killing . you should be grateful . corso : I be ecstatic . he get to he foot . we hear the sound of car start up and drive off in a hurry . the girl rise too , start to pat the dust of fhis robe . corso impatiently evade she hand . corso ( cont . ) : where 's he off to ? the girl : what do you care ? you job be do . this be as far as you need to go . corso : the hell it be ! the sonofabitch owe I the other half of my fee . the girl ( ironically ) : of course , it 's just business . I think you curiosity have get the better of you . corso : okay , so what 's mean to happen next ? the girl : you really want to know ? 125 . mercede / minor road ext / dawn the girl , with corso red-ey and unshaven beside she , be drive along a country road border by roll field wreathe in gray mist . they have appropriate liana 's mercede sedan . 126 . mercede / freeway ext / day corso have take over the wheel . the girl be fast asleep with she heed on he shoulder . the desert freeway run across a viaduct that span a valley hundred of foot below . the hazy blue shape of mountain can be glimpse in the distance . 127 . mercede / mountain road ext / sunset the girl be back behind the wheel , corso smoking . dazzle by the set sun , the girl lower the visor . the landscape have become bleaker and more mountainous . switchbacks be visible ahead . 128 . mercede / mountain road ext / dusk the mercede round a bend . visible in the distance , crisply silhouett against the afterglow , be a castle . it 's the one of which we see a backlight photograph on balkan 's wall . 129 . castle ext / dusk the girl pull up some distance from the archway that be once the castle gate . a dark green Range Rover be already park beside it . corso and the girl get out and briefly survey the derelict building . a glimmer of light be issue from the arrow slit in one of the turret . 130 . castle courtyard ext / dusk corso and the girl cross the desert courtyard , which be litter with fall masonry . 131 . castle step , battlement ext / dusk corso and the girl climb a dilapidate flight of stone step to the battlement and walk along they to the tower . they pause outside the molder old door and listen . a man' voice be faintly audible . corso put he hand on the handle . the girl grope in the pocket of she duffel coat and produce the chromium - plate automatic , hold it out . corso hesitates briefly , then stuff it in he jacket pocket . he op ~ the door and enter , follow by the girl . 132 . turret chamber int / night corso and the girl be look down into the interior of the turret , which form a cylindrical chamber . they be on a small landing from which a steep flight of unprotect stone step curve down and around the inner wall to the floor of the chamber . the floor , litter with debris include worm - eat beam that have fall from the ceiling far above , consist of massive , age - old plank . 9 1 a large circle have be chalk in the middle of the floor , and within it a square divide into nine box numbered 1 - 9 . each box contain some unrelated object : a rusty knife , a piece of cord , a stone , a gold ring , a serpentine bracelet , a glass vial , a small pile of earth , a quill pen , a hourglass . the chamber be illuminate by half a dozen kerosene lamp locate around the circle but outside it . also near the circle be a camper 's collapsible table with various object on it : a black briefcase , ' the nine Gates ' , a magnify glass , a vacuum flask and mug . on the floor beside the table be a large jerrican and a open suitcase with more book spilling out of it . the voice we hear from outside be that of balkan , but a balkan unlike any we have see before : no jacket or necktie , shirt sleeve roll ' up , vest half unbuttone , strand of gray hair fall over he scratch and sweat face , cheek flushed , eye ablaze with excitement . he 's kneel in front of the numbered box and gabbling to himself in a expressionless monotone : balkan : ... eight door come before the serpent that guard the word , teth , enea , novem , ode , the number nine , which hold the final secret , the mystery of mystery . the serpent be the beast that always sleep with one eye open and be reflect in the Mirror of knowledge . ( giggle triumphantly ) eight engravings plus one , or one plus eight , which coincide with the number that St. John of patmos attribute to the Beast : 666 ... corso ( to the girl ) : he need therapy ... feverishly , balkan proceed to scrawl some numeral on the floor with a piece of chalk , mutter as he do so . balkan : six plus six plus six equal eighteen . one and eight . ( even more triumphantly ) : one plus eight equal nine ! corso start to descend the step . the girl stay behind , sit down on the top step , prop she chin on she hand , and watch the proceedings . balkan rise with chalk dust all over the knee of he pants . he go to he briefcase and take out a sheaf of tear engravings . corso have reach the foot of the step . balkan , turn to resume he place in the circle , catch sight of he . he freeze in disbelief , and a long moment pass before he speak . balkan ( cont . ) : what be you do here ?! corso : I think I would drop in before they put you behind bar . balkan : go away ! corso : we have a deal , remember ? balkan : a deal ?! what impertinence ! you bungle it , damn you ! you fail I all along the line ! thanks to you lack of initiative , ii be compel to do my own dirty work . and I do it ! I get this myself ! see , here they be ! ( brandish the engravings , speak with mount vehemence ) nine engravings or nine door , and only a initiate can open they . each door have two key , each engrave disclose a number , a secret element and keyword to be interprete in the light of reason and the cabbala , the one true philosophy ! corso : I want my money . balkan : do not you understand what 's go on here ? he return to the circle , kneel down again , and deal out the engravings like play card , one to a box , leave three box empty . meantime : balkan ( cont . ) : you have before you the mystery of which man have dream throughout the century . thousands have die a agonizing death in hope of just a glimpse of what you be about to see ! corso : yeah ? what 's that , Old Nick in person ? balkan : do not be ridiculous ! he have never appear to anyone , never ! he 's a spirit - the spirit of pure evil . he manifest himself through he servant , of whom I be proud to be one ! he rise , walk quickly over to the little table , and open ' the nine Gates ' . turn over several page , he tear out a engrave . his voice betray rise excitement , he face assume a look of insane fervour . balkan ( cont . ) : Three copy , but only nine of they twenty - seven engravings hold the key , and I have they all ! ( tear out two more engravings in quick succession ) 1 have only to complete the sequence . then the serpent will enter the seal of saturn , and I - I shall enter the ninth Gate ! corso : cut the crap and write I a cheque . balkan return to the circle , kneel down once more and neatly position the three engravings in the empty box . then he rise , go ' to the table , and pour himself a drink from the vacuum flask . he gargle with it , swallow , and shake himself like a wet dog . whatever the flask contain , it seem to have invigorate he . seize the jerrican , he remove the cap and dribble gasoline around the circle , then pick up one of the kerosene lamp and hurl it at the floor . the lamp smashes and ignites the gasoline . instantly , he 's ringed with fire . he draw himself up and stand erect in the canter of the circle with flame dance all around he . balkan : I give you my allegiance , master . I surrender myself unto you body and soul . let I fear neither noose , nor sword , nor poison . let I walk unscathed among leper and the plague-ridden . erase I from the Book of life and inscribe I in the black Book of death . let it be no ! let it be so now ! his fervent voice and the wild - eye , dement look on he face be such that not even corso be tempt to break the momentary silence that ensue . balkan ( cont. ) : ( ecstatically ) : yes , master , yes ! oh , thank you , thank you ! I can feel the power flow through I like a electric current , rendering I capable of any achievement , mental or physical ! I could float on air , walk on water . he stoops and dabble he hand in the ring of fire . balkan ( cont . ) : see ? 1 plunge my hand in fire and feel no heat : he pick up the jerrican and invert it over he head , dousing himself in the content , then hurl it aside . corso : hey , do not be stupid ! but balkan be deaf to reason . balkan ( in a mount frenzy ) : admay , eloy , agla , Zatel , gebal , elimi , ashtoreth , moloch , shamash , dagon ... with a whoosh , he himself catch fire . flame play over he ecstatic figure . balkan ( cont . ) : it 's miraculous ! I feel nothing , nothing at all ! he emit another triumphant laugh that soar up the scale until it become a high - pitch scream of agony . he start to caper around , slapping at he clothes , he face , he hair . corso have regain he foot . he take the automatic from he pocket and send it slithering across the floor and through the ring of flame . corso : here , you idiot ! he retreat up the step with horror write on he face . the girl have rise to she foot . he take she hand and , with a last backward glance , hustle she outside . 133 . castle courtyard ext / night balkan 's wild scream reverberate around the wall as corso and the girl hurry across the courtyard . 134 . castle ext / night corso and the girl be stand beside the mercede . smoke and tongue of flame be issue from the arrow slit of balkan 's tower . his scream rise in a crescendo . then a gunshot cut they off like a knife . corso : he really think it would work . the girl : he be not to know it would not . corso stare at she , momentarily puzzle , then at the blaze castle , then back at she . corso : you do not do anything to help he , greeney , not this time . the girl : I be you guardian angel , remember ? she lay she palm against he cheek , then crook she hand around the nape of he neck and draw he face toward hers , kiss he tenderly on the lip . corso return she kiss . he fold she in he arm and hold she close . the fiery glow dance over they entwine figure . 135 . castle ext / night long shot of the castle ablaze . the flame have spread from balkan 's tower to the rest of the building . smoke and flame be now belching from it . the sky overhead be tinged with crimson . 136 . paris HOTEL : bathroom , bedroom , corridor int / early morning corso , he hair damp from the shower and a towel around he waist , be halfway through shave when there 's a knock on the bathroom door . one cheek daube with foam , he open it to find himself confront by the floor waiter , check pad and ballpoint in hand floor waiter : bonjour , m'sieur . votre petit d‚jeuner . corso : oh. sure . take the pad , he emerge into the bedroom and scribbles he signature , then stop short : there 's a breakfast cart in the middle of the room , but the bed be empty . no sign of the girl or she clothes . corso ( cont . ) : where be she ? waiter : pardon ? corso : Madame , ou elle est ? floor waiter : je not '' be pas vue , m'sieur . he make for the door and exit . corso catch hold of the door just as it 's close , put he head out into the corridor , look right and leave . no one in sight but the floor waiter , who cast a puzzle glance over he shoulder as he walk off . 137 . paris HOTEL : lobby , reception desk int / day corso , now dress but unshaven , hurry over to the reception desk , where gruber be on duty . gruber greet he with a almost imperceptible inclination of the head . gruber : good morning , Mr. corso . corso : Morning , gruber . the young lady I come with , have you see she ? gruber : yea , sir . she go out not long ago . he reach behind he and produce a fold message slip from one of the pigeonhole . gruber ( cont . ) : she ask I to give you this . he hand the slip to corso , who open it . with he , we read : ' see you around , maybe . ' and below : ' ps . the 9th engrave be a forgery . ' 138 . toledo STREET , alley ext / day corso 's footstep echo as he walk along one of Toledo 's narrow medieval street . the steel - frame glass with the crack lens have be replace by a new pair with gold frame . he 's wear a smart new overcoat and have a new leather bag sling from he shoulder . he round a corner and head down the desert alleyway we see in scene 27 . no scaffold , just sandblasted wall and freshly paint window frame and grille . he reach the doorway lead to the inner courtyard , hear a woman 's strident cry , bump into the boy , who come run out as before . 139 . toledo : courtyard , ceniza bros . workshop ext / day corso cross the courtyard to the step that lead down to the cenizas ' workshop . he stop short and stare . the old door - ' hermanos ceniza - restauracion do libros ' - have be take of '' its hinge and propped on its side against the basement wall . the display window be just a gape hole : the window frame have be rip out , expose the masonry surround it . the whirr of a power tool can be hear . corso , look puzzle , descend the step . 140 . toledo : ceniza bros . workshop int / day corso pause in the doorway and survey the interior . the hand press have disappear and the floor be litter with debris . pale rectangular patch on the grey wall indicate where counter and cabinet have be rip out . two spanish workmen be busy detach a old cabinet from the wall with a electric screwdriver . corso : oiga ! he have to repeat himself before they interrupt they activity . 1st workman : seftor ? corso : Los hermanos ceniza ? 1st workman : Los ceniza ? ( glance at the 2 nd workman ) : est&n muertos . corso : como muertos ? quando ? 1st workman : oh , hace ano , ano . corso : anos ?! the 2nd workman come over , wiping he hand on he apron . 2nd workman : ingle ? corso : americana . 2nd workman ( as if that explain everything ) : ah ... they dead , many year . corso ( more and more puzzle ) : but they be here not long ago - I speak with they . the 2nd workman look at he colleague , shrug and chuckle as if to convey that corso be crazy , like most foreigner . 1st workman : disculpe . he indicate that corso be in the way . utterly disconcert , corso back up as they manhandle the cabinet away from the wall and tilt it forward prior to lay it face down on the floor . as they do so , a dusty piece of paper slide off the top of the cabinet and seesaws to the floor like a fall leaf . instinctively , corso stoops and pick it up . he look at it idly , then more closely . his eye widen . it 's the ninth engrave : the woman riding a seven -headed dragon with a castle ablaze in the background . the woman 's face bear a strong resemblance to that of the girl . 141 . toledo : alley ext / day corso walk back along the alleyway with the engrave in he hand . his recede figure dwindle to a speck . T h E E N D ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;