3:10 to yuma by Michael brandt & derek Haas revision by Stuart beattie revision by James Mangold current revision by James Mangold white 8.21.06 blue 9.13.06 pink 10.12.06 GREEN revised 10.30.06 goldenrod revised 11.13.06 salmon revised 12.19.06 cherry revised 12.21.06 tan revised 1.23.07 ( page : 61,62,63,64,100,100a,101,106,114 ) final shoot script base upon the film '' 3:10 to yuma '' write by halsted Welles from the short story by elmore Leonard Tree line Film copyright 2006 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 a dark room in a small ranch house . a desert wind blow in gust . william evan ( 14 ) , lie awake . not a boy and not a man , there 's a restlessness in he eye . he light a match , watch it blow out in he finger . his brother , MARK ( 7 ) , lie beside he , he breathe labor , asthmatic . a medicine bottle and spoon sit on the table beside a fold tearsheet for the ' colt peacemaker 's William stare at the engrave of a gunslinger , brandish the fancy weapon , a smile of confidence on he face . suddenly William turn , alert . there be a faint sound . ...a gate creak ... a latch clink . CUT to : in another dark room -- continuous -- alice evan , 32 , beautiful but care - wear , open she eye . groggy , she reach reflexively for -- dan evan , 36 , she husband . but he be not against the pillow where she hand expect he . he be upright on the edge of the bed , tense , sweaty , eye on a window as he load he pistol . alice Dan ... he signal silence . Alice hold she breath , listen to the air ... nothing ... the clock on the dresser read 3:45 ... alice ( cont 'd ) ...- maybe it 's the wind ... Dan shake he head . he glance to william , who arrive in the bedroom door , in he longjohn , hold a old rifle . the snort of a horse outside . Men whisper . hoove . dan bolt from the bed , crossing to the window on one leg , use the beam roof for support . he push back the drape with he pistol . a horseman encircles the barn of this homestead , unhooking a corral , letting loose a herd of cattle . then Dan notice -- another horseman at the corner of the barn , lighting a FIRE . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 2. continued : dan no !-- ext . evan ranch -- continuous wearing longjohn and boot , dan bust out the door , move toward the man fan fire at the barn -- dan no -- please -- stop !-- a rifle butt smashes dan 's head . he tumble off the porch to the dirt , lose he gun , one boot come off , revealing -- a missing left foot . William run past Alice and Mark on the porch and he father on the ground as -- the barn explode in flame . Dan jerk back on he rig boot , get upright and lunge toward the barn . the first horseman , bear down on he . horseman ( tucker ) -- you have a week , Evans . then we burn the house . the horsemen ride away as william enter the flaming barn . dan William ! int . / ext . barn -- continuous -- flame lick the rafter . smoke . four horse tie in stall , crazy with fear . William frees two of they , Dan untangle the other and lead they out , grab equipment , toss saddle out the door ... then Dan notice william have turned back inside . William struggle to drag a huge sack of feed and some tool -- we see above he , the burn roof sag , flame piece of wood raining -- it 's about to collapse - - dan leap and grab he boy and drag he toward the door , fist swinging . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : william -- let go ! it 's the last we get ! they fall to the ground as the barn collapse in a fiery mass , spark shower down . Alice and Mark run toward they . dan ..- you alright ? will turn from he father to see- the two horsemen riding away . Dawn light beginning to touch the sky . william lunge for the remington on the ground -- -- but Dan be faster and put he hand on the weapon . dan ( cont 'd ) I will take care of this . william no you will not . ... you do not take care of nothing . tear stand in William 's eye . Dan take the gun and start walk back toward the house . he pass Alice and Mark , avoid they eye . dan the herd be over the ridge by now . get clean up . int . / ext . following dan -- evan ranch -- daybreak Dan yank open a drawer and grab a shirt . his arm and chest streak in soot ... out the bedroom window the sun be creep over the rocky horizon . his eye fall upon a beautiful antique brooch in a drawer . he examine it . it be gold . and he pocket it and turn , find himself look at William , watch he . William turn away , and cross to he bedroom . Dan move to a basin at the back of the house . alice you lie to I , Dan . Dan turn to face Alice . alice ( cont ’d ) you tell I we make payment to hollander . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : dan we do . some . ( off look , head inside ) how do you think we buy feed , Alice ? Three month water . Medicine for Mark . I have a choice between we family and pay it down . alice we 's be suppose to make decision together . dan would you have make it different ? alice dan. dan we can not make it rain together . or turn dust into grass . and we can not hold back winter . it 's too bad the doctor at Essex save so much of my leg . I read the pension act pay by the pound now . Dan lean against the wall , pull on he boot . tear come to Alice 's eye . dan stop look at I like that . Mark appear in the hall . Dan cross back to he bedroom , pull on a clean shirt . MARK ( as Dan pass ) .».. you gonna tell the marshal what that man do ? william ( from he bedroom ) marshal be not do shit . alice William . dan first thing I be gonna do , Mark , be take you boy and round up the herd . ... then I be go to town . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : ( 2 ) close on -- william in he room , gettting dress , listen with jaundice as he father reassure Mark . he pocket a deck of card and he dime novel . MARK what you gonna do in town ? dan I be gonna tell hollander to make this right . I be gonna tell he he need to pay for a new barn . MARK maybe we should just shoot he , like will say . Alice meet eye with Dan who grab he spencer rifle and brushes past William on he way to the door . dan ....- let 's go . we get cattle to get . close on : BEN WADE ( 38 ) -- atop a magnificent black mare , stare at something . Ben have a ruggedly handsome face , but what strike you first be he focus . he 's very still , eye on fire , low to the horse . the horse inch forward . hoove hardly make a sound . reverse to reveal -- a red - tailed hawk , perch only fifteen foot away on the limb of a dead tree . we be : ext . boulder cluster , desert valley -- continuous angle on -- WADE make a low 's 's sound and he horse halt . Wade sketches the bird on a SMALL ledger pad with a pencil , capture its form with quick gesture . suddenly : a noise . the hawk fly off . Wade watch it shrink into the sky . a darkness fill he eye . pull back to reveal : charlie prince ( 31 ) , a pale eye outlaw , come up behind Wade . a pair of schofield on he leg . ...he stop he horse respectfully , a few yard back . charlie prince ( cont 'd ) coach be head for bisbee , boss . gird with iron . pink on top . double shotgun and a gatlin - - ( continued ) 10 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : Charlie trail off as Wade ride to the tree , tear he sketch and pin it to a branch where the hawk have be perch . his eye flick to -- a distant stagecoach , a speck in the valley , kick dust . Wade turn he horse and trot past Charlie ... Charlie Prince glance at the draw . hold on : the sketch fluttering in the breeze as Prince follow down the hill . omitted ext . boulder cluster , desert valley - day Charlie Prince follow as -- Ben Wade ride down past a cluster of boulder where he outfit await he : jorgensen ( 45 ) : massive arm and leg . a bear of a man . campos ( 38 ) : the marksman . load a cradle monster rifle . kinter ( 34 ) : a soulless butcher with deaden eye . sutherland ( 42 ) : a explosive expert . he supervise as -- tighe ( 28 ) : he protege , load tnt in a saddle bag . jackson ( 35 ) : powerful and dangerous . a friend and former cellmate of -- tommy darden ( 28 ) : Battle -scarre handsome face . a bowie knife in he hand . he be look to replace Wade and lead the gang someday , soon . but in the meantime , he amuse himself make trouble with -- nez ( 32 ) : a Apache renegade . he speak little English and use it rarely . but he be a great shot , a brilliant rider and a merciless fighter . he 's be with Wade since the beginning . darden taunt nez with he long knife , oblivious to Wade 's approach -- he and Jackson trade a chuckle . nez look at Wade . and Wade look at darden hard . darden ben. darden slip the knife back in the sheaf . Wade turn he eye to the road below . ... and here come the stagecoach , getting closer . ( continued ) 10 10a 10b 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : Wade turn to Charlie and give a nod ... ... and the gang surge behind Charlie Prince . as everyone ride past he , campos the marksman look back to Wade . Wade nod to a cluster of boulder nearby . campos climb off he horse and scale the rock . ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day close on : galloping hoove thunder down a desert road . a team of four horse pull a armore stagecoach through a barren stretch of land . we see a fancy eye logo stamp upon the door with the famous pinkerton slogan print below : the Eye that never sleep ... there be six pinkerton riding . two in front , two ona mount '' tailgun '' platform and two inside , peer out slit . the veteran driver push the horse . sitting beside he be the sixth man and the group 's leader -- byron mcelroy ( 55 ) . mcelroy be clearly not a pinkerton , and hardly dress or groom like one . he 's get snake- like eye . he hold a mean-look , twelve - gauge hammer shotgun . ext . foothills , desert valley - day Dan 's crouch next to he horse , gaze at one of he cow which have collapse upon the arid earth , gasp ... Dan glance up at the sky , then he pull out the brooch in he grimy hand . twenty foot away , William sit on he horse behind Dan , shuffle he deck of card . william you gonna hock that ? Dan pocket it . dan someday , William . you walk in my shoe , you might understand . william I be never walk in you shoe . ( continued ) 10b 10c 11 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : Mark call out from a nearby ridge : MARK tracks over here ! Dan take the spencer rifle from he saddle . stand over the die creature . look in its eye as he fire ... close on -- WADE , watching coach from hilltop the shot echoes faintly through the foothills . Wade peer around behind he . he shrug it off , focus back on he outfit below . ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day mcelroy stiffen as -- WADE 's gang appear suddenly on the road ahead come straight at the coach , head on . mcelroy see they and grimace . cock both pin on he shotgun . mcelroy here we go . with proficiency , the other pinkerton flip down or slide across several armore steel plate in front of they .. ... and in the next second , the outlaw and the pinkerton clash in a violent fusillade of bullet . two pinkerton man the gatlin mount at the rear . unfortunately it be exactly where the gang be not ( they be come from the front ) and they have no shot . the pinkerton fire as Wade 's gang ride straight at they , a game of chicken . bullet explode around he , mcelroy aim at one of the outlaw riding in front . -- bang ! -- with one shot he blow the outlaw off he horse . as the gang swarm around they -- ratatatat . pinkerton FIRE the gatlin , spraying the gang , mow down another outlaw . suddenly , one of the pinkerton on the gatlin fall back , shot by -- campos , at he sniper 's perch -- rifle smoking . the remain pinkerton cradle the ammo and swing the big brass gun at campos , twist the crank . ( continued ) 11 12 13 13a 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : campos dive for cover amid a hail of bullet . like fighter pilot , the gang wheel in unison back around to catch the coach on another pass . charlie prince gallop from the other side of the coach and take out the remain gatlin operator with two shot . omitted ext . stagecoach -- continued mcelroy and the pinkerton defend the coach valiantly . take cover behind they armore plate as the coach rattles along the road . another pinkerton climb from a hatch and re-man the gatlin . he send a spray of bullet toward the oncoming gang -- another man fall . the last pinkerton ( moons ) inside the stagecoach take aim through the gun slit . he manage to hit jorgensen . the big man snap backwards , fall to the ground , while clutching he ear ... close on -- mcelroy 's eye watch sutherland and tighe approach from the driver 's side . mcelroy ( to driver ) get. down . now ! mcelroy swing he shotgun over the driver , who duck , and aim at tighe but then aim lower , at he saddle bag -- he fire and -- boom !-- tighe and horse explode in mid - stride . the coach lurch into a narrow pass , make it hard for the gang to follow . ext . boulder cluster , desert valley - day Wade watch , amused , he eye on mcelroy as he direct the coach to make a run for a narrow pass . Wade smile . this two have history . then , he notice -- a scrawny herd of cattle on the other side of a outcropping . forty cow and bull nibble on what little they can find . a think flicker across Wade 's mind . and he abruptly wheel he horse towards the animal . 14 15 16 16a 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 10 . ext . foothills , desert valley - day Dan and he son have stop they horse over the ridge , listen to the gunshot . sound like a warzone . Dan pull out he spencer rifle , riding in front . dan stay behind I . omitted ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day the stagecoach race through the narrow pass , a plume of dust rise . mcelroy squint , see -- a herd of cattle stampede toward he . and Ben Wade drive they unflinchingly with a stock whip . mcelroy pull up , kid . pull up ! the driver stare at the cattle , freeze . imagine the bull run in Pamplona , only you be drive into it . mcelroy lunge for the rein pull hard as hoove and horn collide . the stagecoach list to one side , you can feel the weight of this iron carriage . the front axle snap . horse break free -- the stagecoach nose into a embankment and flip , roll end over end like a semi on the turnpike . mcelroy , the driver , and injure pinkerton catapult to the air . angle on : the outlaw hound unfortunate survivor . darden touch he bowie knife to the chest of a pinkerton . pinkerton oh God , Mr. Wade . please . I get a wife and three kid . please do not -- darden what do you call I , boy ? I be not Ben Wade . my name be Tommy darden . legend with a blade . soon to run this outfit . say my name . say it . pinkerton ... I can not remember it ... ( continued ) 16a 17 18 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 11 . continued : darden twist the knife as the driver howl . Charlie Prince wield he two schofield like the reaper , sing and do a soft shoe as he put two pinkerton out of they misery . close on -- BEN WADE move slowly , confidently toward the coach , unimpress by the carnage . most of the coach horse have run off . a couple be on the ground . a few cattle wander about daze . ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day as the dust settles . the outlaw find mcelroy pull himself in the dirt , hold he leg , reach with he other hand for he hammer shotgun . charlie prince Morning , pinkerton . name 's Charlie Prince . I expect you hear of I . mcelroy I hear of a ball - up whore name Charlie princess . that you , missy . darden and Jackson get a chuckle out of this -- Charlie Prince smile , then fire a shot into mcelroy 's gut ... ... and mcelroy just grunt . charlie prince I hate pinkerton . angle on : BEN WADE riding up now , the gang clear a path . he stop before mcelroy and they share a look ... WADE when have you hair turn all gray , Byron . mcelroy say nothing . Wade give a nod to sutherland who rush up to the padlocked steel door on the stagecoach , a satchel of explosive under he arm . ( continued ) 18 continued : 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 11a. WADE ( cont 'd ) I hear , Byron , that you boss , Al pinkerton , president of the most fear protection agency in all the world , home of the eye that never sleep , well , I hear he get a infection from bite he own tongue ... and die last month . that true ? ( turn ) make you think , do not it Charlie ? ( continued ) 18 19 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 12 . continued : ( 2 ) some of the gang laugh . as sutherland set explosive , Wade circle the topple coach , admire the armore plate . WADE ( cont 'd ) Al spare no expense on this one , Byron . probably cheaper just to let I rob the damned thing . mcelroy if you be gonna kill I , I have just as soon get to it . WADE ( dismount ) I be not gonna kill you . not like this . mcelroy you let I live , it will not change a thing . i’1l come for you . WADE be disappointed if you do not . boom ! the explosive blow the steel door off its hinge . moon lie , groggy and bloody on the floor . darden jump past sutherland and inside the stagecoach ( step over moon , who play dead ) . he reappear with a strong BOX . he shoot off the padlock and open the box ... ...to reveal dozen of cash roll inside . railroad money . he whoops with joy , toss the cash roll to Jackson who put the cash roll into saddle bag . Wade watch the pair closely . ext . ridge , desert valley - day ... from the crest of the ridge , Mark wave to Dan and William . Mark see the herd and the stagecoach wreckage , outlaw swarm around it . come up the rise , Dan go still at the sight of this . he signal silence to Mark . Mark 's horse fidget . some rock tumble down the ridge . 20 21 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 13. ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day ... the robbery be almost over now . darden empty out the last of the strong BOX . nez pack the cash in saddle bag . Wade glance at the wounded jorgensen who 's tie a bandanna around he ear . he give the boss a nod , he 's okay . all of a sudden ... click ! darden freeze , hearing a pistol from behind . the rest of the gang go still , gun ready . as moon climb out from inside the coach , grab darden , hostage -style . he be a blood drench mess . moons i’1l ask you to put down the money . darden ' not a good play , friend . moons ... step back now . all of you . hand up . or he die . no one in the gang move a muscle . darden try to free himself but moon hold tight , cock he weapon to darden 's temple . darden look at Wade . darden ... shit . -- Wade quick - draw he colt '' peacemaker '' -- bang ! -- and shoot darden who spin violently -- grab he neck and fall to the ground , mortally wounded . bang ! another shot snap moon 's head back . he fall to the ground , dead . ext . ridge , desert valley - day it 's obviously the first time the child have ever see a kill . Mark be shake ... William fascinate ... ... and we see that Dan 's all too aware of this . william he be fast ... ( continued ) 21 22-25 26 27 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 14 . continued : dan back up . quietly . William . rock start to slide as Dan move they to a less expose point . omitted ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day back at the coach , WADE reload he smoking pistol as he speak to darden stuggling for last breath on the dirt . WADE ... well , Tommy . it appear there be a pink in that coach you do not see . now I do not know if Charlie tell you , but we get a few rule in this outfit . and this sad outcome , well , this be what happen when you put we all at risk . you be weak . some rock fall in the distance , from where Dan and he son be make a retreat . a boy cough . the whole gang hear it . click ! click ! click ! ten gun whip to the ridge . cocked and levele at Dan . Wade leap on he he horse , galloping up to the ridge with charlie prince and campos right behind he . Jackson start to pick up the money ... ... but nez get there first . place the saddle bag full of cash onto he horse . the other outlaw watch he . ext . ridge , desert valley - day Dan ride in front of he two boy as Wade and Charlie Prince approach . Wade and Dan stare at one another . WADE Morning . dan that be my cattle . I want they back . charlie prince careful , rancher . that 's Ben Wade you be talk to . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 14a. 27 continued : we see William , awestruck . dan I need they back . they be all I have get . WADE I do not want you herd . but I be go to need that horse . ( continued ) 27 28 29 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 15 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie prince ( move forward ) so you do not do anything foolish . Dan sheath he rifle and give he boy a look . they dismount and Charlie Prince take they horse . WADE you will find they on the trail to bisbee . the two outlaw turn , take the horse , riding down the hill leave Dan he boy . ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day ...we follow Wade , Prince and campos as they ride away . campos ( quietly , to Prince ) what 's in bisbee . charlie prince ' aint you thirsty . Charlie ride past the wreckage and the gang fall in behind . charge down the road . Jackson lag , circle darden 's body . ext . stagecoach , desert valley - day Minutes later . Dan lead he son through the cattle which be milling about the wreckage . Dan look for survivor . dead body . a few dead steer . and one of the horse that pull the coach , also dead . William spot something by Bill moon 's corpse ... Three spent shell from wadea pistol . William pick up one of the spend shell . gazing at it like it 's treasure . angle on : dan as he come upon mcelroy in the dirt , bleed ... try to get up ... mcelroy ahhh dammit ! ( to Dan ) get I on my foot . ( continued ) 29 30 31 31a 32 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 16 . continued : dan I think you be in pretty bad shape , mister . maybe you should -- mcelroy get I on my damned foot ! ...- as Dan try to lift he , mcelroy grunt and get upright but then he leg give out and he crumble to the ground . dan Mark , William -- ( point to the wreck ) bring I one of they board . CUT to : ext . bisbee , southern arizona - day Ben Wade ride , shadow by Charlie Prince on he horse . the rest of the gang be nowhere in sight ... ... the two man be approach a remote town -- a dozen wooden structure strewn upon a crossroad . small flag stick in the dirt , trace the intend path of a train line from the mountain . a sign say : announcing the bisbee -contention line . a small surveying crew work , lay out the flag . omitted ext . MAIN STREET , bisbee - day the outlaw survey the town as they ride through . there 's a SALOON ( '' hollander 's '' ) and around the corner a veterinarian's office and a blacksmith . a few townsfolk move along , none pay much attention . ext . marshal 's office , bisbee - day at the end of the street sit the marshal 's office , several horse tie to the side . Wade dismount at the corner , notice a barmaid emerge from a saloon ... ... this be emma nelson ( 31 ) . she glance at Wade , meeting he eye , then turn to sweep the porch . a connection . ( continued ) 32 33 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 17 . continued : Charlie Prince tie he horse further down the block from Wade . he glance at sutherland across the street , tend to he horse near a blacksmith 's shop . off Wade 's glance , Charlie start to the marshal 's office . following charlie 's boot -- with each step , he gait change from the stride of a outlaw to the amble of a cowpoke . int . / ext . marshal 's office , bisbee - day in the doorway look out , grayson butterfield ( 36 ) stare at the horizon . his face sour with anxiety . he wear the official suit of the Southern railroad . just inside marshal weather ( 42 ) check he watch . he deputy , kane , roll a cigarette in the back . marshal they 's be probably just late , mister butterfield . Charlie Prince lean in the doorway . butterfield pinkerton do not run late , marshal . that 's why they be pay fourteen dollar a day . marshal can I help you ? charlie prince ... well ... I think maybe a coach head for here get itself hold up in a canyon ten mile back . by Ben Wade himself , I think . butterfield God dammit !.. marshal weather how do you know it be Wade ? outside -- BEN WADE watch as -- Emma cross inside the saloon with she dust pan . Ben pull he hat low and walk down the plank sidewalk , move closer to the voice in the marshal 's office ... ( continued ) 33 34 34a 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 18 . continued : charlie prince ' can not say I know it be he . but I see a mexican sharpshooter , and a Apache . kane ... desus Christ . do you see the '' Hand of God '' ? charlie prince ... what 's that ? kane his pistol . butterfield why do not you do something ? charlie prince there be a lot of weapon , mister . and they be shoot bullet . the marshal and kane grab they rifle and move to the door . butterfield follow . ext . marshal 's office -- continuous the marshal and other blow right by Prince as they mount they horse . Wade watch from up the street . marshal weather ( to Prince ) where you fella from anyway ? charlie prince prairie cattle company . boss purchase ten thousand head in Mexico , hire we to drive they in . the marshal nod , satisfied and spur he horse , gallop off , down the street . int . hollander 's mercantile -- continuous watch out a window , tucker ( last see burn Dan 's barn ) , watch the marshal and butterfield ride off . tucker something 's go on with the railroad man . ( continued ) 34a 35 36 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 19 . continued : glenn hollander ( 45 ) , the town 's well - groom saloon owner and entrepreneur look up from he inventory . ext . MAIN STREET -- bisbee -- continuous see the street be clear , Charlie Prince nod to Wade . Wade cross , head toward the saloon door . Charlie follow , pass a look to sutherland . and sutherland nod to -- campos , who 's in a alley with jorgensen , help the big man hold a bloody rag to he damage ear . sutherland also signal kinter and nez behind the saloon . one by one , the outlaw amble toward the saloon . int . SALOON , bisbee - day Wade peer over the SALOON door . the place be empty save one old timer . a few table and chair , with a bar on one wall . Emma turn to see Wade . she keep she eye on he as he step inside , he crew follow . most come in from the back door . campos and Jackson escort the old timer out . Wade take a place at the head of the bar ... WADE whiskey . Emma start pour they each a shot of whiskey . gradually work she way up to Wade . charlie prince here 's to the boss . he lead we to the loot and to success . we lose three man today and that 's too bad . WADE two die fight . one be weak . we 's be only as strong as we weakest . Tommy be weak . Wade downs he shot with the man . he turn and meet eye with Jackson . Jackson look away . with nez 's help , Charlie distribute share from the day 's job . a stack of cash to each man . it be a careful process . Charlie look at Wade and Emma , then look to nez . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 20 . 36 continued : nez get up and lead the gang out the back door . Wade 's eye hold on Emma . Charlie lean beside he . charlie prince ( cont ’d ) that marshal 's only half stupid . he 's gonna be back soon . Wade just look at he . outside the window , the gang ride off . charlie prince ( cont ’d ) they 's be go across the border . I will not be far . i’1l wait for you . WADE okay , Charlie . Charlie exit . Wade finish he drink . Emma clean . WADE I have see you someplace before . emma have you . WADE you ever work for a blind irishman in dodge City . emma I be a singer . best time I ever have , my whole life . WADE what make you quit . Emma turn away , collect the shot glass ... ..- and Wade follow she around the counter . emma I get to cough too much . Doctor say I should find a drier climate . WADE I spend more money in that joint , I tell you . remember a girl , she name be Velvet . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 21 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) emma ( she back to he ) nobody forget Velvet . Wade reach out and touch the back of she neck ... Emma have not be touch like that in a while . WADE you know , you look kind of skinny . emma I feel skinny . WADE that 's all right . I do not mind skinny girl , long as they have green eye to make up for it . do you have green eye . she turn , show he she brown eye ... WADE that 's all right ... they do not have to be green . CUT to : 37 ext . cattle trail , foothills - day Dan and William carry mcelroy along a trail on a stretcher make of a stagecoach panel . Dan 's in front . Mark walk alongside , glance at mcelroy 's wound . mcelroy clutches a rag to it and glare at the sky , mutter . MARK ... you think they lie ? you think they steal we horse . william Ben Wade do not need we shit horse . dan watch you mouth . cresting a ridge , they come upon -- they horse tie to a tree . Dan be surprised . 37a moment later -- at the horse William help he father prop a growl mcelroy onto Dan 's horse . as Mark mount up . Dan turn to William . ( continued ) 37a 38 39 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 22 . continued : dan ... take you brother and round up the cattle . do not push they . I can not afford any more drop . William spit , look at something , then mount he horse . william ... here come the cavalry . Dan turn to see -- marshal weather riding up with kane , crawley and butterfield . he turn back to he son . dan do as I say . William spur he horse and lead Mark off , look back as -- butterfield dismount , crossing to mcelroy . marshal he from the coach ? dan the only one who make it . it be Ben Wade . butterfield mister mcelroy . can you hear I . he need attention . kane get he on my horse . marshal you see which way they ride , Evans ? dan look like they be head to bisbee ... with dark face , butterfield look to the marshal and they realize ... omitted CUT to : int . emma 's bedroom -- SALOON - day Wade relax on a chair , wear only pants . he sketches Emma who 's loung naked in bed in a small room above the saloon . she watch he work for several moment , grin . ( continued ) 39 39a 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 23 . continued : his eye meet hers . there be spark between this two . she roll toward he . he reach out -- touch she ivory skin . out a window , Wade glance at -- butterfield , Dan , the marshal and he deputy riding into town , mcelroy in tow . Wade turn away from the window . it do not worry he . WADE ... there 's a town south of the border ... a pretty little pueblucho on the river . folk would pay good money there to hear a white woman sing . emma .... yeah , imagine I shin down to Mexico with Ben Wade on my arm . WADE I be not want in Mexico . Emma study he , wonder if he 's sincere . she break a smile , like he 's pull she leg . but he eye be still . WADE ( cont 'd ) jump out that back window with I . Emma stare at he , mystify , then laugh . emma you 's be crazy . she smile and start to roll out of bed , but he pull she back to he and into the soft bed . int . doc potter 's office , bisbee - day a loud knock . doc potter ( 42 ) shuffles toward the door and unlocks it . kane and Dan move in hold mcelroy in they arm . butterfield follow . Dan set mcelroy on a big slab . dan coach get hold up . doc potter what 's he name . butterfield Byron mcelroy . he 's a bounty hunter under contract with the pinkerton . ( continued ) 39 a 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 24 . continued : butterfield look about the room . a veterinarian 's office . he cross to the window . outside the saloon , the marshal and crawley begin to search the village for Wade . kane ( crossing to the door ) I best get out there . doc potter you have lose a lot of blood , mister mcelroy . I be gonna need to do a little stitching on you -- mcelroy shut you mouth and do the same to my gut . Doc Potter blink . he note the many scar - over bullet hole and gashes on mcelroy 's chest . Dan cross to the door , watch as -- kane join the marshal and crawley as they continue move through the town , gun draw . back inside -- doc potter ( cont ’d ) what I be about to do be go to hurt like a sonofabitch ... ( to butterfield ) ...- hold he please . butterfield move to pin mcelroy , but ... mcelroy do not touch I . Doc Potter dive a long pair of tweezer into mcelroy 's wound . mcelroy grunt fiercely , eye welling , hold he glare with Potter . plink . the bullet 's out . Doc Potter drop it in a dish . mcelroy turn , notice the animal chart on all the wall . mcelroy what the fuck kind of Doctor be you anyway ? ( continued ) 39 a 39b 39c 39d 40 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 25 . continued : ( 2 ) doc potter Nice to have a conversation with a patient once in a while . CUT to : ext . bisbee STREET -- continuous -- Dan make he way around the corner from Potter 's place , move toward hollander 's mercantile . he see -- hollander talk to a clerk , through a open side door . Dan step pick up speed . ext . bisbee STREET -- outside boarding house crawley stop in front of Wade 's horse , run he hand over the animal . this animal be not from bisbee int . SALOON -- continuous the marshal and kane stand at the entrance of the saloon . they look about until they hear a whistle from outside . they turn to see -- crawley point to Wade 's horse in front of the board House . they move quickly to the board House , weapon draw . CUT to : int . hollander 's mercantile -- continuous Dan enter . he meet eye with tucker , who assist a clerk with inventory . on the other side of the room , hollander put a ledger book in he bag and pull on he coat , watch out he window . hollander what the hell be they look for ? dan ...- Ben Wade . he hold up the payroll coach . I be there . tucker fuck off , cripple . dan I want to talk , mister hollander . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 26 . 40 continued : hollander move toward the door , he eye across the street , watch the search . he check he sidearm . hollander Ben Wade in bisbee . shit . we be move up . dan mister hollander . hollander ( to tucker ) ' go to the saloon ... Dan follow hollander out the door . 41 ext . bisbee -- moving toward SALOON -- continuous Dan trail after hollander along the plank walkway . dan ... you get no right to do what you do . you hear I . that 's my land . hollander come next week , its not , Evans . you borrow a good deal of money . and I get rights to recompense . Dan grab hollander by the collar -- dan .».. you damme up my creek . you shut off my water . how be I suppose to -- tucker come from behind , grab Dan , throw he backward . hollander dust himself off . hollander ... before water touch you land , Evans , it reside and flow on mine , and , as such , I can do with it as I fuck please . go home and pack up . Dan hold out alice 's brooch . dan ... let I just get to spring . I can turn the corner . close on -- hollander , glance at it . not enough . ( continued ) 41 42 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 27 . continued : hollander ... sometimes , a man have to be big enough to see how small he be . the railroad come . you land be worth more with you off it . hollander turn and climb the step and move through the saloon door , disappear into a office inside . tucker watch Dan until he start to walk toward he horse in front of Doc Potter 's place . close on -- dan . Fire in he eye , he adjust he saddle , wait for tucker to head around the corner , then , he grab he spencer rifle and march for the saloon entrance . close on -- the marshal , catch sight of Dan . marshal what the hell ... int . SALOON , bisbee - day Ben Wade slip past Emma , out she bedroom door , move toward the stair . but he hand move to he peacemaker when he hear -- dan ( o.s. ) hollander ! Emma and Wade meet eye . Wade proceed down the spiral stair to see -- Dan , wild -ey , hold he rifle , stand at the door that lead to hollander 's office ... Wade approach Dan . Dan step toward the bar . WADE you look a little bent , rancher . you come to wake some snake ? Emma cross down the stair . emma Dan . would you like a drink . dan no thanks . ( continued ) 42 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 28 . continued : Dan look at Wade . heart be in he throat . sweat on he brow . what be he do here ? WADE ...- you get you horse back , do not you ? and you herd ? Dan ? dan you kill two of they . Wade smile . he place six gold coin on the bar . WADE they be thin . but this should cover it . Dan do not respond . over Wade 's shoulder , he see crawley out the window , move toward the back of the saloon . WADE ( cont ’d ) what 's a day 's work worth to you ? dan I get two dollar when I hire out . WADE here 's two for half a day . Wade put two more coin on the bar ... dan you take up my boy 's time too . Wade add another two . share a look with Emma . WADE anything else you want to get pay for , Dan ? Dan finger the gold coin . his eye flick , see the marshal eneter from the back door . level a slide - action repeater at Wade 's back . Wade be about to turn when -- dan if it 's alright with you , you can give I five dollar extra . WADE for what . dan ... for make I nervous . ( continued ) 42 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 29 . continued : ( 2 ) Wade 's face change , something wrong . click-clack . marshal weather cock he repeater behind Wade . digging the muzzle into the he back . marshal weather hand up , Ben Wade . tucker appear in the SALOON door , pistol draw . tucker boss . boss ! crawley and kane come in behind the marshal . hollander emerge fromn he office . tucker hoot , thrilled . tucker Ben Wade capture in bisbee ! the outlaw glare at Dan who let out a breath . he keep he eye on he as he raise he hand in the air . WADE laugh while you can . kane grab Wade 's peacemaker as crawley lock a pair of hand cuff on he wrist . the Marshall grab crawley -- marshal get the wagon and make sure every weapon we get be shoot ready . i’1l meet you out front of the office . ( to the other ) we get to get he out of here . tucker we should shoot he right now . put a bullet in he noggin . mcelroy you do that , every man , woman and child in this shit-piss town will be slaughter by daybreak . Dan and the other look to -- Byron mcelroy in the doorway . blood seep from the bandage around he gut . he hold he shotgun . Potter trail after he , try to finish he dress . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 30 . 42 continued : ( 3 ) butterfield ( point at Wade ) twenty two robbery . four hundred thousand in loss , more in delay . the Southern Pacific want Ben Wade convict in a Federal Court . hung in public . a example make . and we will pay to make it happen . WADE ( to Dan ) you notice he never mention the life I have take ? marshal I need three more men. ( grab Wade ) let 's go . the marshal escort Wade toward the door . hollander you can have tucker . mcelroy I be come . so you need only one . marshal you 's be wounded , mister mcelroy . mcelroy I can ride a goddam horse as easy as I can sit here . butterfield he know Wade . you need he . marshal if he go , Potter 's come . tucker Doc can not shoot shit . dan I be the best shot in my regiment . I will come . for two hundred dollar . everybody turn to dan-- butterfield you fight for the North or South ? ( continued ) 42 43-48 49 50-51 52 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 31 . continued : ( 4 ) Dan look at the Southern railroad pin on butterfield 's jacket . still , he can not lie . dan ... North . butterfield we be Southern in name , but Chicago own . ( to the other ) Fine . two hundred . dan thank you . butterfield thank I when its do . omitted ext . MAIN STREET , bisbee - day Dan watch as the marshal usher Wade across the street . nearby , crawley and kane hustle to prepare a stagecoach , tie chain around it to secure the door . marshal hurry up , kane . crack ! a shot ring out . it 's Charlie Prince , tear down the street on he horse , a smoking schofield pistol in he hand . he gallop down main street , townspeople clear . charlie prince this town 's gonna burn ! the outlaw gallop past . never slow . he fire twice -- bang , bang ! the first shot drop deputy kane right in front of the coach . the second shot take down a random bisbee man . eeryone uinload they weapon -- bang bang bangg -- as Charlie scoot away on he horse , into the hill . omitted ext . marshal 's office , bisbee - day marshal weather muscle Wade to a wait carriage tie with chain and padlock . both of they spot -- ( continued ) 52 53-55 56 57 58 59 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 32 . continued : Charlie prince -- perch on he horse a half mile out of town , watch what happen to he boss . Wade give he a nod and Charlie Prince nod back . the marshal shove Wade inside the coach , then , as he climb onto the driver 's seat -- Emma come up to the door . emma be you sincere about Mexico ? WADE ( smile ) - no . ... we pull back on : Emma and the rest of the bisbee townsfolk as they stand back and watch the coach take Wade away . omitted ext . chained coach , foothills -- late afternoon marshal weather haul ass along a cattle trail , ever aware that Charlie Prince be follow he on the ridge like a dog trail its master ... omitted ext . evan ranch , foothills -- late afternoon dan 's cattle be back in the hold yard . Dan stand on the porch with Alice . his two boy inside , press against the window . what they see : the prison wagon be pass they ranch , crossing a crude bridge over a dry creek bed . they also see Charlie Prince crest a nearby bluff , watch the wagon . int . / ext . prison wagon , evan ranch -- late afternoon Inside the wagon , Wade glance at he hand cuff and grin self - assuredly . he notice a tear in the seat . a piece of copper wiring stick out . all of a sudden , the prison wagon lurch to a stop . one of the wheel have skidd off a crude bridge . 60 61 62 63 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 33. ext . prison wagon , evan ranch -- late afternoon marshal weather curse , leap down and attempt to free the wheel . Wade glance out through the chain door , watch the marshal 's futile struggle ... ... finally , marshal weather turn to Dan on the porch . marshal weather hello , there . Evans . can you give I a hand with this . ext . porch , evan ranch -- late afternoon on cue , Dan walk out . tucker and crawley follow . tucker whatever you wife be cooking in there smell good , Evans . tucker and crawley laugh . ext . bluff , evan ranch -- late afternoon Charlie Prince squint to get a look at what 's go on as the man from the ranch disappear behind the list prison wagon and begin to push it back up onto the bridge . ext . prison wagon , evan ranch -- late afternoon Wade quickly pocket the length of copper wiring as marshal weather discreetly unlocks the prison wagon door and haul Wade out . crawley exchange hat with the outlaw ... ... - now marshal weather give tucker the key to WADE 's hand cuff . we see tucker place the key in he shirt pocket . WADE remind I never to play card in this town . crawley now take Wade 's place inside the prison wagon ... ... and marshal weather padlock the door again . Wade watch the man finally push the prison wagon back onto the bridge . 64 65 66 67 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 34 . ext . bluff , evan ranch -- late afternoon the switch have take just a few fast second -- and from he vantage point on the bluff , Charlie Prince be none the wiser . ext . prison wagon , evan ranch -- late afternoon marshal weather resume he seat on the prison wagon ... marshal thanks for you help , Dan . dan you gonna check on my family when you come back , right ? marshal first thing . let 's go . ya ! the coach ride off , fast , leave Wade behind with they . a cloud of dust rise . ext . bluff , evan ranch -- late afternoon think Wade 's still in the prison wagon , Charlie Prince wheel he horse around , galloping away from the ranch ... ext . porch , evan ranch -- late afternoon .».. as Dan and tucker lead Wade up to the porch . mcelroy and butterfield appear in the doorway . Wade nod to Alice , but she glare . mcelroy push Wade inside ... alice how long 's he have to stay . dan a hour . make sure Wade 's outfit take the bait . alice what happen if they catch the wagon . dan you see where he man be . he 's still get to fetch the outfit . they should get to the Fort before dawn . ( continued ) 67 68 69 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 35 . continued : potter his gang can not do anything in front of the whole Sixth cavalry . ext . evan ranch , foothills --dusk Doc Potter keep watch on Dan 's porch with tucker . both man cradling rifle in they lap . Doc Potter stare at the smoulder wreck of the old barn . doc potter you have something to do with that ? ( off tucker 's smirk ) hope you be proud of yourself . tucker ...- do my job , Doc . int . dine room , evan ranch - dusk Inside , Alice prepare dinner . the two boy carry plate to the table where butterfield be wait ... ... we see William , starstruck , offer a plate to Wade who 's sit at the end of the table . he smile a thanks . mcelroy sit next to the outlaw , he hammer shotgun in he hand . Dan sit at the other end of the table , join Alice and he son . he notice William stare at Wade . Wade nod to William and dig into he food . then Wade look up , no one else be eat . MARK we always wait to say Grace . alice and we do not presume to teach other people manners . MARK be not we suppose to say Grace for murderer , too . alice Grace be for everybody , dear . MARK well , then why do not we say it . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 36 . 69 continued : dan Mark -- mcelroy I have like to hear it . everyone look at mcelroy . Wade snort a laugh . alice God , we Father , Lord and savior , thank you for you love and favor . please bless this drink and food we pray . bless all who ... ( glance at Wade ) ... who share with we today . amen . Wade look up at mcelroy who 's watch he throughout ... ... the other start eat they dinner . William glance at Wade constantly . Mark just stare at the outlaw suspiciously . MARK you know , if my pa want to , he can shoot you dead . he can shoot a jack rabbit at fifty yard . dan shoot animal be a lot different to shoot a man , son . WADE no , it be not . not in my opinion . silence promptly fall in the room . WADE ( cont ’d ) ask Byron here . he 's kill dozen of people . Men , woman and child . miner . Apache . mcelroy there 's not a soul I have take do not deserve what it get . just the answer Wade be hope for . WADE see , when it come to kill , Byron mcelroy do not think in term of man or woman or even child ... ( more ) ( continued ) 69 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 37 . continued : ( 2 ) WADE ( cont would ) ( pause ) ... - he think of soul . mcelroy corrupt soul . like yours . I fight the devil on earth . WADE as a bounty hunter for the pinkerton detective agency and eighteen dollar a day plus expense . mcelroy yes sir . WADE every way of man be right in he own eye , Byron . the Lord pondereth the heart . ( meet eye with Alice ) proverbs ... twenty one . William smile . Wade glance at the boy and contentedly look down to he plate . he try to eat he meat . but its not cut up and , with he hand cuffed , not possible ... he meet eye with Alice . alice .- dan. Dan sigh and rise from the table . take the plate from Wade 's cuffed hand ... and cut the steak . WADE thank you , Dan . would you mind cut the fat off too , please ... ( off Dan 's look ) ... I do not like fat . there be a pause at the table as everyone just watch Dan dice the meat . WADE ( cont 'd ) ... mind if I ask how you get that hitch in you step , Dan ? mcelroy do not tell he nothing , Evans . WADE ' where be you station ? ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 37a . 69 continued : ( 3 ) Dan hand the plate to Wade . dan .»..- second company sharpshooter out of lynnfield , Massachusetts . Wade smile appreciatively . Dan cross back he seat . ( continued ) 69 70 71 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 38 . continued : ( 4 ) MARK my father be defend the United States capitol in the District of Columbia . WADE ... be that so . ( beat ) so what happen , Dan . to you leg , I mean . Dan look to Alice . William look to he father . then -- bang ! bang !... shot come from the porch . butterfield stand , frighten . mcelroy cross to the window . Dan wave he wife and child to stay where they be . he look to the door , he rifle in he hand . more shot . Wade , amused , just sit there , chain to he chair and the cast iron stove . ext . porch , evan ranch - night Dan bust out the door to find -- Doc Potter , fire he rifle into the darkness as tucker move to stop he . tucker Doc ... stop ! doc potter .... there 's something move out there behind the rock . ... mcelroy and butterfield arrive in the door -- as they all look out , a wind blow a dead tree on a nearby hill . tucker snatch Doc Potter 's rifle . int . dine room , evan ranch - night Inside , the boy have cross to window to watch the man argue outside . Wade look to Alice . WADE ever be to San Francisco ? ( continued ) 71 72 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 39 . continued : alice if it 's all right by you , mister Wade , I have rather we not talk . WADE so you have never be to San Francisco . alice - no. WADE I know a girl there ... daughter of a sea captain . and she have this beautiful green eye , the greenest eye I have ever see . like yours . and I would look deep into that eye and well , they have just change color right in front of I . all the color of the sea . he stare into Alice 's green eye and she can not look away ... WADE ( cont 'd ) what have you say you name be ? dan ( o.s. ) Alice . Alice snap out of he gaze . Wade 's satisfaction be clear . he watch Dan cross to the back of the house as Alice follow . ext . master bedroom , evan ranch - night Dan slam the bedroom door behind Alice . he give she at look , then begin pack a saddle bag . dan ... for God 's sake . he 's kill more people than the drought . alice he 's not what I expect . he 's -- dan -- dangerous . dangerous be what he be , Alice - - and you and the boy be not go to talk to he again . Alice cross to the dresser . Dan watch she . she 's upset . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 40 . 72 continued : alice you can change you mind . no one will think less of you . dan no one can think less of I . he look at she , then look out the window . dan ( cont 'd ) six month from now , everything 's gonna be green , Alice . cattle 's gonna be fat . we will see the steam from the train over the ridge . we will be all right . maybe better . but we will not make it through the next six day if I do not do this . the door open -- doc potter sorry , Dan , .. mister mcelroy say five minute . and close it . Alice look to Dan . dan you think he 's too much for I ? alice he 's a killer , Daniel . dan then someone ought to have the decency to bring he to justice . alice ... what be you think . dan I be not out there alone . ( touch she ) have a little faith in I . alice Ben Wade have a gang , Dan . and they be out there tonight . somewhere . dan ( cont 's D ) if I do not go , we have get to pack and leave , head for god-know - — where , dirt poor , without a prayer . ( more ) ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 41 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) dan ( cont ’d ) I be tired of watch the boy go hungry . I be tired of the way they look at I . I be tired of the way you do not . I have be stand on one leg for three damned year , wait for God to do I a favor , Alice . he be not listen . it 's up to I . ... there 's a polite knock on the bedroom door . butterfield ( 0o.s. ) mister Evans . we be leave now . 73 ext . porch , evan ranch - night the group be saddle up . Wade move to he black horse , but tucker abruptly cut he off . a smirk across he face ... tucker no , no , no . this 's my horse now . ... and Wade just stare at he , then mount another horse . WADE ( to the group ) so where be we head ? tucker ai not none of you business where we be head . you be a prisoner , Wade . you do not speak , you do not piss , you do not goddamn breathe without we say - so . understand ? mcelroy ride up , fire a look at tucker . mcelroy we be go to contention . we be put you on the 3:10 to yuma , day after tomorrow . tucker should not have tell he that . WADE relax , friend . now , if we get separate , I x11 know where to meet up . tucker glare at mcelroy who just ride on . ( continued ) 73 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 42 . continued : angle on : dan emerge onto the porch with Alice . they son be wait for they . Dan look both of they in the eye ... he can see will 's attention be draw by Wade . dan do not be any trouble , Mark . MARK yes , sir. dan and William -- william I want to come with you . dan well , you can not . william -- I can help . dan you be fourteen year old . william I can ride faster and shoot better than any one of they . the pinkerton be hurt and Potter 's no good , that railroad man be dead weight and that other bastard -- alice -- William . dan I do not have time to argue . I need you here . angle on : WADE , watch the Evans family . William take a last look he way and storm into the house . Dan embrace Alice and Mark goodbye and climb onto he horse . he move to embrace she and she eye flick to Wade , self - conscious . reverse -- close on dan -- as they break apart , Wade trot a loop around Dan past Alice , politely tipping he hat . WADE appreciate you hospitality , mam . I hope I can send you husband back all right . ( continued ) 73 74 75 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 43 . continued : ( 2 ) Alice say nothing . Wade grin , then follow the other under mcelroy 's vigilant eye . the group ride away from the ranch ... .».. ass Alice , will and Mark remain on the porch , watch they disappear into the moonlit hill . int . boy 's bedroom , evan ranch - night Alice be now put the boy to bed . Mark be cough hard . it be a deep hack that clearly be not normal , although Alice and William do not seem alarmed . Alice give hima measure spoonful of medicine . it 's all very routine . MARK what have Ben Wade mean about send pa back all right . be he say he be gonna kill he ? william he will not have to lift a finger . his gang will do it . they 's be the most deadly outfit in the whole frontier . Alice shoot William a look . alice you father can take care of himself , Mark . Ben Wade like to talk . Alice turn off a lamp ... -..a moment after she close the door , William sit up in bed , still dress . Mark sit up and watch he brother . William pull a packed haversack from under he bed . check on the ration he 's wedge inside . we see a old six shooter pistol stick in there ... ..- he glance at Mark , then quietly open he window . ext . cattle trail , spur - night the group be now follow the cattle trail up a spur . star light the heavens above for mile around . it 's beautiful ... ( continued ) 75 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 44 . continued : ... but nobody bother to notice . the lawmen have they eye on the hill around . check every shadow and shape . while Wade just look bored . his gaze fall on tucker riding he black horse ... ... and a smile crease the outlaw 's face . he give a gentle whistle , almost inaudible . and the he horse abruptly stop . tucker dig he heel , but the magnificent horse refuse to budge until Wade give another gentle whistle . tucker glare at Wade and he just do it again ... ... and again Wade 's horse stop dead . tucker fight the horse but it 's clear Wade have total control . stop and start , amusing himself . mcelroy Wade . Wade whistle once more to get the horse go again , then leave tucker alone . there 's a smile under mcelroy 's scowl ... WADE you really think the marshal 's plan be gonna work , Byron . I gotta confide in you . I do not . mcelroy say nothing . WADE ( cont ’d ) my crew know all the back road to Fort huachuca . they 's 11l catch the marshal by daybreak . tucker what make you so sure they 's 11 come for you , Wade . why should they . Wade smile . mcelroy they 's 11l be come . they be lose without he . like a pack of dog without a master . ( more ) ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 45 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) mcelroy ( cont would ) ... Doc Potter be pale with concern . WADE ( cont ’d ) have another drink , doc. doc potter I give that up six year ago . I ’ma change man now . a righteous man . WADE trouble the righteous have be be able to know right from wrong . Doc Potter stare at Wade , unable to answer . all of a sudden , mcelroy turn to look back at -- a figure follow they on horseback about four hundred yard back along a ridge ... ... the rider seem to be follow the group . disappear around bend or behind tree , only to reappear on the trail a few moment later . mcelroy look to butterfield who be alarmed . butterfield Jesus , no . not so soon ... Dan look to mcelroy who stop he horse . the group instantly go on the alert . weapon up . finger on triggers . the figure keep riding towards they . mcelroy off you horse . move it . everyone obediently do as he say ... ( continued ) 75 76 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 46 . continued : ( 3 ) ... tucker roughly yank Wade down to the dirt . Doc Potter help mcelroy . butterfield gather the horse by the rein . Dan , mcelroy , and tucker take up fire position behind some rock and hedge . eye on the cattle trail . weapon ready ... ... finally , the lone figure appear around the bend . angle on : tucker as he go to shoot . out of nowhere , Dan clamp a hand down over he rifle . dan it 's my son ... WADE now be that the quiet one or the one that do not shut up . Dan shoot he a look , then approach William . dan I tell you to stay home . william I leave home . I be on my own now . dan goddammit , William . this 's no time for game . you turn around . now . Dan gather he horse . the other respectfully keep they distance and riding on with he . leave William behind ... ...we hold on : william upon he horse , not turn around . ext . cattle trail , ridge - night they 's be crest a ridge now . and William 's still follow they a few hundred yard back . Dan brews with frustration ... ... not realize that Wade be riding nearby , watch he . WADE it 's a difficult age . between the hay and the grass , my old man use to say . dan he 's stubborn . ( continued ) 76 77 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 47 . continued : WADE well , you can not plant a radish and get a onion . dan do not talk to I like you know I , Wade . we be not friend . WADE only a stubborn man would keep he family on a die ranch . dan ... he 's try to help . he think he 's look out for he old man . WADE ( smile ) you know why I be so hard to lock away , Dan ? people like I . farmer give I shelter . cattlemen give I food . judge let I off . jailer let I out . law-abide citizen out there feel strangle by they shitty little life . and I ... ( grin ) ... well , I be like the bird that should never be cage . Wade glance back at William ... WADE ( cont 'd ) you boy be not protect you . he 's follow I . ... and he ride on . Dan watch he . ext . william 's camp , cattle trail - night William cook he supper on a campfire later that night . his horse be unsaddle nearby . he burrow into he haversack and pull out a well - read dime novel . insert : the dime novel feature a silhouetted outlaw on the cover . a smoking pistol in each hand . rain fall in sheet under the lurid title : '' the outlaw 's revenge ! '' William consume the page of the dime novel with a excited grin , glance at a flickering light on the trail ahead ... 78 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 48 . ext . camp # 1 , cattle trail - night ... it 's the group 's campfire . everyone 's asleep , except for Wade who 's stare up at the endless blanket of star and Dan who 's get the watch . we see Dan remove the antique brooch from he pocket , gaze at it a moment or two . rubbing it gently with he finger . butterfield ... so be you conscript into lincoln 's army , Mr. Evans ? or a volunteer ? dan neither . maybe both . WADE what 's that mean ? dan I be a volunteer in the Massachusetts State guard . then , in ' 62 , the Federal government be run low on man so they call in state militia . to protect Washington . WADE and you get hurt . Dan say nothing . WADE ( cont 'd ) what be you do out here , Dan ? you get a family at home . you be not a lawman . you do not work for the railroad . or pinkerton . dan maybe I do not like the idea of man like you on the loose . WADE it 's man 's nature to take what he want . that 's how we be bear . dan well . I make a honest live . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 49 . 78 continued : WADE maybe honest . but I do not think it 's a live . you must be hurt bad for money if you take this job . dan go to sleep . WADE I have to imagine be in debt put pressure on a marriage . dan what would you know about marriage . we can not all be cut -throat and thief . WADE I know if I be lucky enough to have a wife like Alice , I have treat she a whole lot better than you do , Dan . I have feed she better . buy she pretty dress . I would not make she work so hard ... ( beat ) ... yeah , I 'il bet Alice be a real pretty girl before she marry you . ... and Dan just explode , he rifle in Wade 's face . dan shut up about my wife . you say one more word about she and I x11 cut you down right here . right here . WADE I like this side of you , Dan . doc potter ( o.s. ) mister Evans . Dan glance aside at Doc Potter ... ...he 's stare at Dan from under he blanket . after a moment , Dan lower he rifle . his hand be shaking . his breath calming . Wade watch he cautiously . tucker have also wake up , pick up he own rifle . tucker okay ... it 's my watch . ( continued ) 78 79 80 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 50 . continued : ( 2 ) Dan find a place to sleep as far from Wade as he can get ... ... as he turn away , we see mcelroy under he blanket quietly put the safety on he shotgun . butterfield sleep . ext . camp # 1 , cattle trail - night everyone 's asleep now except for tucker who be sit near Wade , he rifle levele at he as he sing to himself ... tucker ... yes , they be gonna hang I in the morning , before this night be do . they be gonna hang I in the morning and I will never see the sun . ... and Wade just glare at he lethally . WADE I suppose it 's too much to ask for a little quiet . tucker I would be asleep in my bed if it be not for you . so if I get to be up , you be damn well gonna be up with I , Ben Wade . ( sing ) I wanna warn you fella , tell you one by one -- what make a gallow rope to swing be a woman and a gun . Wade roll over , simmer . we see he discreetly remove the length of copper wiring from he jacket , twist it tightly around both he hand like a shiv ... ext . camp # 1 , cattle trail - dawn ... a strange gurgling noise wake Dan a hour later in the dawn light . he focus on the noise to see Wade kneel over tucker . Dan scramble . dan Jesus ! in the next moment , mcelroy lunge at Wade from out of nowhere with the butt of he shotgun . Wade fall off tucker . drop the copper shiv . ( continued ) 80 81 82 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 51 . continued : the other begin to stir now , reacting with shock and horror to what Wade 's do . tucker 's throat have be cut . Doc Potter rush over and search for a pulse ... ... he do not find one . his hand close tucker 's eye . smack ! mcelroy boot Wade savagely in the face . the outlaw tumble . and now mcelroy start to beat Wade , he vigorous movement re-opening he own wound . butterfield and Doc Potter hurry to pull mcelroy back . Wade notice Dan deliberately hang back ... ... and a grin crease he bloody , batter face . that spur Dan forward , pull mcelroy back with sudden force . dan ( cont 'd ) that 's enough , mister mcelroy . mcelroy stop , if only because he 's exhaust and weak ... ... - he return to tucker and retrieve the hand cuff key as Wade sit up , nursing he wound and stare at Dan . doc potter ( be : tucker ) we have to bury he . mcelroy you take the time to dig one grave , you might as well dig two . and with that , the group reluctantly saddle up . Wade return to he horse , whisper to it soothingly . reclaim it . ext . fort huachuca , arizona - dawn a american flag droops over the sprawling army barrack at Fort huachuca . the dawn sun glint over the still sleep town . about a mile away , we find ... ...a SMALL speck racing through a canyon towards the town . int . / ext . prison wagon , canyon - day it 's the prison wagon . marshal weather look exhaust as he sit on top , whipping he team of horse through the canyon . ( continued ) 82 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 52 . continued : crawley keep a frighten eye out through the prison bar of the wagon . a weary smile crease he face when he spot Fort huachuca in the distance . the marshal reach for he water can ... ... bang ! the shot almost take he head off . marshal weather tumble from the prison wagon , fall right past crawley 's eye as he smashes lifelessly into a cactus . angle on : campos retract he sniper rifle from he perch behind a large boulder . Charlie Prince pat he on the back watch as the prison wagon horse slow to a grateful halt . angle on : crawley trap inside the prison wagon . his pistol draw as he peer out the prison bar either side of he ... ... the gang materialize out of the rock and canyon crevice now ( prince , campos , sutherland , jackson ) . swarm around the prison wagon like bee on a hive . it seem they be still unaware of the switch . charlie prince get you outta there in a second , boss . do not you worry . Jackson grab the padlock key off the marshal 's belt , give it to Charlie Prince who then go to open the padlock ... ... bang ! crawley catch Charlie Prince with a taut shot . the outlaw stumble backwards . bleed from he neck . the bullet just scraping he . the other outlaw spot crawley inside ... ... they draw they gun , ready to finish he . charlie prince ( cont 'd ) wait . he give a nod to sutherland who quickly frees the horse from the wagon . now sutherland set the prison wagon on fire ... ... the smoke and flame swiftly engulf the old wooden wagon . Charlie Prince stay close . eye on crawley who start to panic inside . crawley oh , Jesus ... oh , no . ( continued ) 82 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 53 . continued : ( 2 ) Charlie lunge and grab wade 's black hat off he head . he dust it off as the flame rise in the coach . charlie prince where be he . crawley open the door . let I out of here , goddammit . charlie prince where have they take he . crawley I do not know . charlie prince mister , you better tell I where they take he or you will burn . the smoke be choke crawley now ... ... the flame rise higher every second . crawley contention ... all right . they take he to contention . gonna catch the 3:10 to yuma prison tomorrow . charlie prince you be not lie now . crawley I be not lie . I swear to God . now let I out of here . the gang watch Charlie Prince carefully ... he turn he back on crawley in the burn coach . jackson contention 's eighty mile back the other way . sutherland we have have to about kill we horse . charlie prince so we ’1ll buy new one . ( continued ) 82 83 84 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 54 . continued : ( 3 ) jackson Charlie . it be he own fault he get catch . he make a mistake . he be weak . Charlie turn red face toward crawley , still moan from the burn coach . bang -- bang . he fire two shot , silencing crawley , then turn back to Jackson . charlie prince ... you think you could do a better job lead this crew ? do you ? jackson maybe . yeah . Charlie Prince lunge quickly at Jackson , smash he face with he pistol , knock he to the ground , straddle he . he level he two schofield in Jackson 's face . glancing at the other . nez step to he side . charlie prince you forget what you be before Ben Wade come along . you forget what he do for we . ( pause ) we be go to contention . and with that , Charlie Prince remount he horse ... ... and gallop back the other way . the other follow in one and twos . Jackson go last , not like this . ext . racing across the range -- day WADE 's gang ride hard at full gallop . they be head back toward bisbee , dust fly in a cloud behind they . we see the town of bisbee in the distance . Charlie Prince lead the gang into the mountain . ext . camp # 1 , cattle trail - day William sit on he horse , stare at something in shock ... ... it 's the body of tucker . slump by the smouldering camp FIRE . there 's some confusion in William 's eye . it 's as if he do not quite know how to feel . ( continued ) 84 85 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 55 . continued : just now , he notice several SMALL speck riding towards he on the plain below . he spur he horse onwards up the trail . ext . promontory , mountain - day binocular Pov : the BEN WADE gang riding hard and fast across the endless Arizona plain , perhaps fifty or so mile away . angle on : mcelroy sit on he horse on a high promontory . the other group around he . mcelroy lower he binoculars , he grim face say it all . Wade smirk . WADE can not say I do not warn you . dan there 's a shortcut we could take . mcelroy shortcut . dan through the pass . take you right through to contention . butterfield why do not you tell we this before . doc potter it 's Apache country . butterfield I think the government give they land . dan this be the one refuse to go . WADE I would not take that pass . butterfield you have rather we take the long way . WADE that 's right . butterfield -- and let you boy catch we . ( continued ) 85 86 87 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 56 . continued : WADE the Apache be skilled warrior and marksman . even worse , this be the stubborn one who stay to fight . you will not make it . mcelroy look through he binoculars again . mcelroy we ’1l1 take we chance . ext . cattle trail , mountain pass - day close on : a pair of dead , white miner lie by the side of the trail . they head have be scalp . they body leave to rot in the hot sun ... ... we find William stare quietly at the corpse as he ride past . about a mile ahead , we can see the rest of the group . they be on the opposite side of a spread ravine . ext . cattle trail , ravine - day the group be now riding above a ravine . the scenery here be spectacular , if a little precarious ... Dan ride up to Wade , look at he for a moment . WADE something on you mind , Dan . dan why have you kill tucker . ... why not I . or butterfield . WADE tucker take my horse . ( beat ) ... do you like he , Dan ? dan no . he be a asshole . but wishing he dead and kill he be two different thing . Wade watch Dan ride ahead . after a beat , Wade catch up to he . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 57 . 87 continued : WADE you conscience be sensitive , Dan . I do not think it 's my favorite part of you . just now , mcelroy fall back beside they . mcelroy shut you mouth , Wade . from here out , you want to talk to someone , talk to I . WADE I do not like talk to you , Byron . mcelroy not when I have the gun . WADE no . it 's not that . ( pause ) you be just not very interesting . Doc snort a laugh . mcelroy that 's right , doc. laugh it up . until he gut you like a fish . WADE Byron 's like a song with one note . ( turn ) ' you ever read a book in you life besides the bible , Byron ? mcelroy no need . WADE ( turn to Dan ) Byron act pious , but a couple year back , when he be under contract to the Central , I see he and some pink mow down thirty two Apache , woman and child . mcelroy insurgent be cut down the railroad man and they family . pick they one by one off the road . scalp they . ( continued ) 87 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 58 . continued : ( 2 ) WADE there be little one run around cry and scream . no more than three year old . and he boy shot they all and push they in a ditch , some still cry . I guess Byron figure that be fine with Jesus , because apparently Jesus do not like the Apache . the terrain be get steeper . mcelroy keep talk , Wade . all the way to yuma . up they step . to the rope . and straight to hell . WADE the day I die , Byron , I be get sprung from hell . Riding in the rear , Dan sense there be someone follow they . up front , mcelroy look to butterfield . mcelroy ... I guess maybe I have feel the same way if I come from the seed of a drunk grave digger and the rancid womb of a whore . mcelroy grin . Wade be silent . eye dark . mcelroy ( cont 'd ) quiet for once . ( look back ) what 's wrong , Wade ? ' cat get you tongue ? afraid of height ? WADE no . I be afraid the Apache on the ridge might shoot I . mcelroy whirl around , shotgun raise ... ...- behind he , WADE launch . leaping off he saddle . crash-tackling the pinkerton with a stun body - blow . they both fall to the ground . slide on the steep rock . ( continued ) 87 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 59 . continued : ( 3 ) Dan leap for he rifle but both Doc , freeze , and butterfield fumble with he pistol , and they spin horse be in the way . it give Wade the moment he need -- to level mcelroy 's shotgun at dan . WADE ( cont 'd ) Drop it , dan. Drop it ! ( to Doc and butterfield ) toss yours down . Wade be fiercely angry , eye a flame . Dan toss he rifle down . Doc and butterfield also comply . then , Wade turn hit a stir mcelroy brutally with the rifle butt . mcelroy be delirious as Wade loop he hand - cuff around he boot and drag he to the edge of the ravine . WADE ( cont ’d ) ... I always like you , Byron . but you have never know when to shut up . he kneel down to the tough old man 's face and pull he upright . mcelroy glare at he . WADE ( cont 'd ) even bad man love they momma . and with that , he shove mcelroy off the edge -- everyone watch as he body flail , fly downward . Wade turn and point the shotgun at Dan and the other . WADE ( cont 'd ) okay . ... now its time for everyone to go home . but there be a click of a gun , and , all of a sudden , Wade find himself feel the barrel of william' old pistol to he ear . it be tightly grip in William 's two hand . william do not move , mister Wade . and let go of that shotgun . dan William ... Wade grin at William and the quivering pistol . he do not raise he hand . do not even seem to be concerned . ( continued ) 87 88 89 90 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 60 . continued : ( 4 ) WADE you 's be not gonna shoot a man you admire in the back of the head , boy . I be not sure you even know how to work that thing . bang ! the bullet zip past Wade 's ear , take down a tree branch ... ...- Ben Wade 's grin promptly disappear . WADE ( cont 'd ) Dan . tell you son it 's over . the pinkerton 's dead . let 's go we separate way . you get spread too thin . its nothing to be ashamed of . dan think you can keep you gun on he , William . william I be do a damn sight better than you do . Dan smile and cross to he rifle in the dirt . he pick it up , cock it and aim at Wade . the outlaw sigh , begrudgingly impressed . butterfield 's pleased . Doc Potter 's relieved ... omitted omitted ext . grassy field - camp # 2 - night WADE , william , butterfield , dan and doc potter have campe in the middle of a massive field of tall brown grass which sway softly in the night breeze ... ... everybody 's hunkere down in a tight circle . share some piece of bread and a water canteen as they keep a vigilant watch through the grass . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 61. 90 continued : Wade notice William nervously shuffle he deck of card . WADE you pa ever take you to some of the town up north ? breckinridge . buena vista . leadville ? william no. WADE I tell you one thing ... they know how to shuffle card in leadville . dan stop talk to he . WADE I have the best irish whiskey I ever taste there . a dollar a glass . ... there be woman in that town who could do thing you have never forget . doc give you a disease you have never forget . WADE with money in you pocket you could have whatever a man desire or need . I learn everything I know there . land there no older than you . on my own . and I leave with the start of my gang . ( continued ) * +e of +e eh of 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 62. 90 continued : ( 2 ) a wistful smile wash over the outlaw 's face . WADE ( cont 'd ) ' course , its all go now . Silver crash , and then the railroad change everything . butterfield for the better I be sure . the awed look in William 's eye be kill Dan ... .. clearly , he do not talk with William like this . dan ... how many man you think you have kill since you set out with you gang , Wade ? how many family you think you destroy . hundred ? WADE quite a few . I be a bad man , Dan . doc potter I hear you dynamite a wagon full of prospector last spring . WADE now that 's a lie ... ( to William ) ... it be a train full . William smile ... ... and Dan be crush . WADE ( cont 'd ) I have to go , Dan . dan you be not go nowhere . WADE ( shake he head ) no . I mean I have to go . 91 ext . tall grass , field - night Dan escort Wade through the tall grass a short way from the camp . the shotgun in he hand , alert for threat . ( continued ) 91 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : dan I have appreciate it if you would not fill he head with storey of death and sin . WADE no use hide the world , Dan . he 's try to decide which way to go . dan he 'il decide better without more from you . WADE I think he be gonna shoot I on that ravine . there 's wild in he eye . remind I of -- dan he 's nothing like you . WADE the road to corruption be steep and slippery , Dan . dan the path of decency be just as steep . Wade step away and turn he back to Dan , pissing WADE that 's true , Dan . it be . you do one good deed and feel all decent . ( more ) 63. ( continued ) 91 92 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 64 . continued : ( 2 ) WADE ( cont would ) I imagine it 's habit form . soon , you be a slave to you decency . you 's be not a man no more . you do not ever do what you want . take what you want . you do not know what you want . you just keep be decent and good till you hollow and dead . Dan 's disturb by Wade 's word ... ... - he gaze through the tall grass back at he son . when Dan turn back around ... ... Wade have disappear . Dan 's horrify . rushing through the grass . suddenly , wade leap out of the grass and grab dan , wrest he to the ground . Dan manage to lift he shotgun into Wade 's face ... Wade be shushing he . look up to the rock . sense something out there . bang ! the gunshot come from nowhere ... ... and knock Dan flat on he back -- ext . camp # 2 , field - night -- they hear the shot at the camp . William suddenly run out into the grass with he old pistol . the other try in vain to stop he -- tee fh hof * 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 65 . 93 ext . tall grass , field - night -- more bullet fly over Wade 's head as William drop down beside he , check on he father . Dan 's wounded . the shot clipped he skull ... ... no time to think , Wade and William grab Dan and begin to drag he back towards the campsite . gunshot rip through the grass on all side . Wade catch glimpsis of they in the brush . a flash of battle feather . a swish of rawhide trouser . a glint of a tomahawk . 94 ext . camp # 2 , field - night the horse be freaking out . bullet whizzing past they ear as butterfield and Doc Potter help pull Dan into they camp . Dan 's start to regain he bearing , look about ... ... the gunfire be come from three side . they can not see the shooter through the grass . but the gunfire be volcanic . Wade keep he head low , calculate . WADE there 's three of they . dan your . WADE if they be mine , you have be dead . Dan struggle to cock he shotgun , woozy ... ... the blood seeping into he eye and blind he . WADE ( cont 'd ) give I a gun . dan no . WADE you want they to scalp you boy . Dan stare at the outlaw , the gunfire draw closer ... ... the other watch from they fire position , wait to see what Dan 's go to do . finally , he give Wade the hammer shotgun ... ( continued ) 94 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 66 . continued : ... the outlaw check the two shell inside . then hold out he hand for more shell . Dan shake he head , grimace in pain as Doc Potter try to staunch the bleed . Wade realize he 's not get any more ammo . he scoff at Dan , then cock both barrel of the shotgun . wait for a pause in the shoot ... ... then he scramble away and vanish into the grass . the other keep they eye on the tall grass . pray . hope . boom ! they hear the shotgun roar ... ... no more shoot from the leave of they . William dare to lift he head . glancing around at the tall grass . heart in he throat . wait . watch . lying still . boom ! another shotgun blast out there ... ... no more shoot from the right of they now . Dan keep he eye on the rifle shot from ahead ... ... and then all of a sudden , the rifle stop shoot . everyone in the camp listen now to the sound of a struggle somewhere out in the grass . Men grappling and wrestling with each other ... ... there 's a abrupt gasp . the sound of metal slicing flesh and the fall of a body to the ground . then there 's silence . everybody stare into the sway tall grass ... ... and then , a figure appear . walk towards they . it 's Ben Wade . cover in the blood of other . look like death incarnate and furious for have be make to kill the Apache warrior ... ... but most alarming be the fact that Wade now have one of the feathered apache rifle in he manacled hand . the other two be sling over he shoulder . butterfield reach for he rifle ... ...- but a look from Wade make he freeze . now he aim at Dan like he 's go to kill he . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 67 . 94 continued : ( 2 ) WADE ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to go this way . I tell you there have be trouble . doc potter it be mister mcelroy 's decision . Wade glance aside at Doc Potter ... ... then return he bitter gaze on Dan . WADE give I the key . Dan dig the hand -cuff key out of he pocket ... ... then hurl it out into the field of tall grass . everybody watch the key sail through the air , swallow up first by the darkness , then by the endless field of grass ... ... and Wade just can not believe it . he zeroe in on Dan . lift he rifle . and ruthlessly wallop Dan across the jaw with the rifle butt . and dan black out . 95 ext . camp # 2 , field - night dan come to several minute later . Doc Potter sit he up with William 's help . butterfield hover anxiously behind ... doc potter easy do it . easy . dan ( weak ) where be he . william he 's go . take we horse with he . I find this in the grass . ... it 's the hammer shotgun . take the gun as he push himself to he foot . he 's wobbly , but otherwise fine . butterfield he go that way . dan it 's the fastest way out of the pass . he 'il be look for help get that cuff off . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 96 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 68 . continued : dan ( cont would ) ( to William ) find he track , son . doc potter we be go after he . dan there 's no reward for get he halfway to that train , be there ? butterfield no , sir . Doc Potter consider this as Dan load he shotgun ... ext . blasting camp , mountain - day angle on -- BEN WADE as he cautiously approach a freshly dig railroad tunnel . boom ! a low rumbling explosion rock the mountain range and shake the ground ( and vibrate camera ) . something big be happen on the other side of the tunnel . over BEN as he emerge from the tunnel to see -- dozen of chinese worker move about , lay track . tents line the grade earth , sprinkle with wok and bowl . ( continued ) 96 97 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 69 . continued : a labyrinth of squalid housing . the worker themselves be thin and beat to hell . they wear umbrella-like hat to ward off the scorching SUN . a cloud from the recent explosion billow in the distance . Wade ride cautiously through the camp . he betray no emotion , perhaps he have none ... ... he 's on a mission , he eye scan the worker . int . train car , blasting camp - day close on : walter bole ( 48 ) suck a cigar at he desk as he feed leftover scrambled egg to a pet monkey on a leash ... ... a ssleepy -ey prostitute lay on a couch behind he at the head of the train car . the window have all be curtain . a bookish telegraph operator man the telegraph console nearby . Three railroad enforcers sit about , include zeke ( 44 ) who 's meticulously filing he nail . a bullwhip dangle on he hip . bole feed he pet monkey as Zeke speak long - sufferingly : zeke say they want forty dollar each month now . like they irish up north . goddamn cooly . they 'il work fine with my leave boot up they ass . bole if I could teach a monkey to lay track ... zeke what we need 's some negroes brung in here , mister bole . show this chiname what real work be . just now , bole see -- Wade riding outside ... ... sifting through the dusty haze like a ghost . bole Holy Christ ... zeke what . what be it . bole ( pause ) that 's he . 98 99 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 70 . int . / ext . worker tent , blasting camp - day a tent flap abruptly peel back to reveal Wade in the open of a chinese family 's tent . a apache rifle in he hand ... ... there be several people inside . a matriarch . Three young daughter . and a grandmother . all of they go still when Wade enter they tent . Wade scan the tent for threat , notice a hammer and chisel lie on a stool . he close the tent flap and advance on the frighten family ... ... point to he hand-cuff and the hammer and chisel . WADE you . break the hand -cuff . you help I . with the hammer . without warning , a volley of gunfire rip into the small tent from every direction . dish explode and splinter fly ... ... the chinese family hit the dirt with Wade . the matriarch pin she scream daughter to the ground . Wade glance at the chinese family who seem unhurt , but terrify , the child scream in chinese . bole o.s. I get five gun on you out here , Ben Wade . you best come on out ext . blasting camp , mountain - day Dan lead we dwindling group through the first tunnel and into the blast camp , stare at the condition of the chinese worker . ... we notice William catch by the haunt eye of a teenage chinese worker haul a basket full of rock past the group . butterfield the horse . he 's point at the train car where they horse be hitched to a post . they hear a man scream inside ... ... the train car be perch on some rail in the middle of the camp . two telegraph wire connect the car to a chain of telegraph pole . 100 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 71 . ext . train car , blasting camp - day close on : WADE as Zeke shock he bare torso with a exposed wire that extend from a blasting BOX ... ... the two other railroad enforcers gather around with bole and the telegraph operator . the prostitute be in the window . butterfield ( 0o.s. ) what the hell be go on here . the two railroad enforcers whirl around with they gun ... ... and we group stop instantly . Dan lower he shotgun . he glance at Wade . and the exhaust outlaw just smile back . bole mister butterfield . butterfield mister bole . bole all finish in bisbee . ( no reply ) better hurry . we make the last blast through the mountain this week , butterfield nod , tense . bole waltze over to he now ... ... the two man face to face , which unsettle butterfield . bole ( cont 'd ) so what be you do in my neck of the wood , mister butterfield . butterfield that 's we prisoner . we be take he to contention . put he on the prison train to yuma . bole what prisoner . I do not see anybody that 's a prisoner . butterfield come now , mister bole . that 's Ben Wade you have there . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 72 . 100 continued : bole Ben Wade gun down my kid brother in front of I . six year ago in abilene . WADE you brother be a lie , bilk card sharp . that be , if he 's the asshole I remember . he could , of course , have be another asshole I kill who I forget about . bole flush red , glance at Zeke ... ... who shock Wade again . Wade just glare at Zeke , bury the pain . and there 's a sudden pang of fear in Zeke 's eye . he stop and Wade finally slump , hold up only by he hand - cuff which be looped over a hook attach to the train . Dan glance aside at William .. ... wishing he do not have to see that . butterfield you can not do this . it 's immoral . WADE moral get nothing to do with it . dan ( pause ) I be expect to collect two hundred dollar reward for that man . bole that 's too bad , rancher . dan no. its not . I have to deliver he to contention . I need that money . bole you need it bad enough to die . Dan feel the railroad enforcer 's gun on he ... ... he stare at Wade , then finally relent . dan at least , let we have we horse . ( continued ) 100 101 102 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 73 . continued : ( 2 ) bole I have get no problem with that . so long as you ride away . ( pause ) ride away , rancher . WADE Nice know you , Dan . Dan lock eye with Wade as the other retrieve they horse and ride back up to Dan . bole do not move , watch Dan ... ... a last look at Wade and Dan turn to he horse . nobody notice Doc Potter pull a shovel out of a pile of rock . he heft the tool and swing it with all he might ... ... whack ! straight into a railroad enforcer 's face . the man tumble backwards , cradling he bloody nose . Dan seize the moment , spin around . catch bole in the stomach with a powerful right -hand punch . bole double over , gape for air ... ... it 's all happen so quick , William do not know what 's go on . he glimpsis Wade use he hand - cuff to lift he leg and kick Zeke in the chest . the telegraph operator drop he pistol and run ... ... while the other railroad enforcer fire a shot at Dan . the shot miss . Dan quickly lay a right hook across bole 's jaw . William spur he horse forward at the railroad enforcer ... ... who duck aside just in time . butterfield ride up to Wade with he black horse and the outlaw clamber aboard . ext . blasting camp , mountain - day Dan take the lead as the group race through the busy camp , head for the tunnel . chinese worker jump aside , clear a path for they ... ext . train car , blasting camp - day ... meanwhile , bole and Zeke and the two railroad enforcers regroup fast . leap onto they horse and give chase . 103 104 105 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 74 . ext . blasting camp , mountain - day like mouse navigate a maze , the two group weave through the endless row of tent . bole 's group shoot at dan 's group . ext . tunnel , blasting camp - day chinese worker stream in and out of the tunnel , move rock in wheelbarrow . some lead pack mule with sack strapped across they back ... ... they scramble out of the way as Dan and he group barrel past into the tunnel . bole and the railroad enforcers be close behind , gun blazing . int . tunnel , blasting camp - day chinese worker jump to the side of the tunnel for safety ... ... the gunshot echoing like cannon blast within the narrow wall . oddly , Doc Potter 's get a cheshire grin on he face . doc potter you see I get that one with the shovel . but before Dan can reply , Doc Potter gasp with pain ... ...a bullet strike he between the shoulder . william doc. he begin to fall off he horse ... ...- but William grab he , keep he on . they emerge from one tunnel and enter another as -- bole close in from one hundred foot behind , lining up for another shot as he ride . Zeke and the other two be only a length behind bole . angle on : WADE spot a crate of tnt lie before the next tunnel . hanging low off he horse , WADE scoops a bundle of dynamite -- and turn to dan . WADE if I throw this , can you shoot it ? ( continued ) 105 106 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 75 . continued : Dan 's answer be cock he rifle . he pull up he horse to let William , butterfield and Doc rip past . Wade also pull up , heaving the tnt bundle toward -- a support scaffold above -- bang ! Dan fire ! and they ride like hell as -- kaboom ! it blows . Dan and Wade spur they horse and just escape the fiery breath of the explosion and the boulder that fall from above . the tunnel cave in behind they ... ... cut off bole and he group who 's horse buck from the explosion . bole be singe from the fire and livid , glaring at the impasse . bole goddammit ! ext . tunnel , contention - day Dan and he group ride out the other end of the tunnel . Wade collapse on he horse , the effect of he torture catch up with he now ... ... before he know it , Dan snatch the hammer shotgun back and load a pair of shell . he give it to butterfield . and help William ease Doc Potter out of he saddle . they lay he under the shade of a nearby tree . doc potter ( fade ) do we do it . do we get away . dan yeah , Doc ... thanks to you . Doc Potter smile , then he body go limp ... ... and Dan just stare at he . Wade watch this . William 's eye follow -- the half - build track that thread into the valley and finally to the sprawling low CITY of contention ten mile off . Dan 's eye be heavy . the last forty - eight hour be start to take they toll . Wade study he . CUT to : 107 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 76 . ext . tunnel , blasting camp - day meanwhile , bole and the other exit they end of the tunnel . limp back into the camp . bole bark order about get they horse to the other side . as they emerge from the tunnel , bole suddenly stop talk . what they see : Charlie Prince and the other outlaw . perched upon they exhaust , sweat - stain horse , they circle through the camp and come to a stop at the entrance to the tunnel ... ... they look exhaust , be riding all night . bole ... who be you . charlie prince we be look for a group escort a outlaw by the name of Ben Wade . bole ... shit , they just pass through here . charlie prince that so . zeke we be chase they through the tunnel . bole we be go after they , ' you want to join we . jackson what 's it to you . bole Ben Wade shot my brother . in abilene . six year ago . sutherland then you brother must be famous . this draw some smile on the outlaw ... charlie prince you boy some kind of posse , huh . ( continued ) 107 108 109 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 77 . continued : bole you could say that . ... and Charlie Prince draw he two schofield . they roar as one , catapult bole off he horse ... ... the rest of the gang immediately open up on Zeke and the two railroad enforcers . riddling they with dozen of bullet which knock they all to the ground . the chinese worker cease what they be do , stare at the scene . the entire camp freeze as if time have stop . Charlie Prince holster he gun . charlie prince I hate poss . he glance at Jackson and Jackson nod ... ... and the gang ride up towards the mountain . omitted ext . MAIN STREET , contention - day as the group ride through town , they see nothing but whore house and saloon and shop . store have iron bar on they window , and there 's not a church to be find . drunk lay about in the shade . a horseman puke while hold he horse . another one take a endless piss in a back alley . Wade catch Dan 's horrify eye and just smile ... ... we see that William be just as surprised as he father . the marshal 's office be right across the street ... ... the door be bar . a sign read : '' close for repair '' . WADE congratulation , Dan . you make it . contention City . the future of bisbee . in all its glory . six block away , beyond a cattle yard -- the new train depot . a clock tower above tell we its quarter to one . ( continued ) 109 110-111 112 113 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 78 . continued : dan we need a place to lay low . keep he out of sight till the train come . butterfield there 's a hotel this way . you ride pan to reveal -- a fancy hotel sit on Main Street , the tallest building in the town . butterfield lead they toward it ... butterfield I will check we in . you keep riding and amble round back . omitted ext . HOTEL back / alleyway contention - day Dan and the other dismount at the back entrance of the hotel . it 's quieter here . a few townsmen walk past at the mouth of the alley . none of they seem to notice Wade . dan ( to William ) keep a watch by the rail head . if you see they come -- william -- I ’l1l1 let you know . dan ( pause ) William . the boy look back at he father ... ... but Dan just smile and William nod and ride off . Wade see the pride in Dan 's eye . they notice a cool wind pick up now . ext . street , contention - day William do a thorough reconnaissance of the obnoxious town , trot down alley and eyeball suspicious character ... ..- he 's take he job very seriously , clutching he pistol . 114 115 116 117 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 79 . ext . HOTEL back , contention - day a dance hall entrance feed from the alley where a sign broadcast the time of performance . WADE there 's a can - can at two , if you be interested . ... just now , butterfield open a back door . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day the lobby be quiet . a few man at the bar . the bartender be the only one who seem to notice Wade . watch butterfield lead they up the stair . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day butterfield unlocks the door to a room cover in heart . butterfield it 's the bridal suite . hope you do not mind , it 's all they have . he give Dan he golden pocket watch . butterfield ( cont 'd ) I be go to go see if I can find the marshal . Wade take a seat on the double bed while Dan check out the room . he peel back the curtain to reveal a huge BAY window that overlook the street below . what dan sees : a dark cloud bank building on the horizon in the distance . rain cloud . WADE well , would you look at that . ... a flicker of confusion cross Dan 's face . ext . MAIN STREET , contention - day William also see the rain cloud down on the street below as he ride towards the entrance to town . he 's as shocked as Dan be ... ( continued ) 117 118 119 120 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 80 . continued : ..- he glance back hesitantly at the hotel , then ride on . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day Dan gaze at the cloud , then turn to see butterfield and Wade look at he . WADE still need that two hundred , Dan . dan shut up . butterfield mister Evans , you continue to give I great confidence . dan it be not 3:10 yet . butterfield leave and Dan lock the door behind he . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day butterfield hurry back down the stair to the lobby . again , we notice the bartender watch . something wrong about he . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day Dan hang the pocket watch on a coat rack . Wade rest on the double bed , feel its bounce as he survey the small room . WADE so this 's the bridal suite , huh . I wonder how many bride ... Dan just look at he , unamuse . he take a seat in a rocking chair by the window . rest the hammer shotgun on he lap , the rifle close ... ... and he just stare out the window at that bless cloud on the horizon . for the first time in a long time , thing be actually look good . Wade recline on the bed , gaze at the ceiling . WADE ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do with you two hundred now that rain 's come . ( continued ) 120 continued : 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 81 . dan I owe people money , Wade ... the drought leave I in the hole . WADE well , think about about double that money . pay you debt and buy a dozen more cow . build new yard . dan how you reckon I be gonna do that . WADE Drop you gun and let I walk out of here . that 's worth four hundred dollar to I . dan that what you reckon my price be . WADE no ... no , I reckon you price be a thousand . one thousand dollar . Dan say nothing . Wade sit WADE ( cont ’d ) there be at least that much on butterfield 's coach . you want it , Dan . it 's yours . dan be not that reckless of you , Wade ... see as you be so sure you crew be come to get you . WADE oh , they be come , Dan . I just like to do thing easy . peaceful . upright on the bed . WADE ( cont 'd ) imagine what you could do with a thousand , Dan . hire ranch hand so you boy can go to school , grow up smart . become leader . Senators and congressman . and what about Alice , huh . she have be the proud wife of the biggest rancher in Arizona ... ( pause ) ... all you have to do be say yes . ( continued ) 120 121 122 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 82 . continued : ( 2 ) for several moment , Dan 's clearly tempt ... dan would you send I a bank note . or maybe you have be kind enough to make a deposit it for I . tell I , Wade . how would I account for all that money . what would I say to people when I spend it . you get the jump on I . you escape . and I somehow get a fortune . how dumb you think people be . Wade just glare across the room at he . WADE nobody need to know . dan do I a favor , will you . do not talk to I for a while . WADE you mean , we be still not friend . dan no . we be not . WADE well , at five minute to three , Dan , we be gonna be a whole lot closer than you think . and the way he say this give Dan the chill . Dan glance at the pocket watch on the wall : it 's still only one - thirty . ext . HOTEL , contention - day a strong wind propel the rain cloud over the sprawling city of contention . shroud the hotel in a blanket of shadow ... int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day ... it 's two -fifteen now . and Dan 's sweat , even though the temperature have plummete in the last forty - five minute . a sudden knock at the door . dan who be it . ( continued ) 122 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 83 . continued : butterfield ( 0o.s . ) it 's I , Dan . I have bring some help . dan you be go a long time , mister butterfield . how do I know somebody be not get a gun on you out there . something appear under the door . it 's a tin STAR . Dan pick up the tin STAR then unlocks the door for butterfield who show in marshal doane ( 54 ) and three other stalwart deputy . all armed with pistol and rifle ... ... all the man stare at Wade cautiously . he give they a dark look . Dan 's very relieved to see they , shaking they hand . butterfield Dan , this be marshal will doane . marshal doane mister Evans , three of my finest man . harvey pell. Sam fuller . and herb Baker . dan sorry about all that , marshal . I really be grateful for the help . marshal doane do not mention it . WADE you fella really gonna help put I on this train . marshal doane it may not look like it , but this town 's get law and order just like any other . Wade just scoff , unimpress ... ... - he glance at butterfield . WADE how much be butterfield pay you . butterfield that 's none of you business . ( continued ) 122 123 124 125 126 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 84 . continued : ( 2 ) WADE ( smile ) you gonna come with we , too . butterfield oh , I 'il be walk with you . every step of the way ... you have my word on that , dan. dan so there 's six of we . six be good . ext . rail head , contention - day we find William still at he vigil on the edge of town , he eye on the mountain . he begin to see something out there . what william sees : a tell - tale plume of dust billow over a rise . swirl about by the wind . and then , a horde of horse explode over the rise ... ext . entrance to contention - day ... it 's Charlie Prince and the rest of Wade 's gang . they be riding fast and hard . down from the mountain . follow the half complete track from the tunnel into contention . they horse be exhaust . bloody and sweaty . the outlaw be on the shoot . they dark , flinty eye set on contention . omitted int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day a urgent knock on the door in the bridal suite . william ( 0.s. ) they 's be come , I have see they . Dan quickly open the door for he son . dan where . ( continued ) 126 127 128 129 130 131 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 85 . continued : william about a mile out . same way we come . marshal doane how many be they . william ten or eleven . marshal doane which be it , boy . ten or eleven . ext . MAIN STREET , contention - day the Ben Wade gang reach contention now , galloping into town like they own it . people move off the street . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day ... meanwhile , marshal doane position he deputy in the lobby . the few people here quickly abandon the place , which annoys the bartender . marshal doane move along , folk . that 's it . keep the door clear . thank you . the three deputy take up fire position inside the lobby . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day marshal doane return to the bridal suite now , join Dan and William by the window . eye on the bend in the road up ahead as the gang finally appear ... ext . HOTEL front , contention - day ... there 's a curious crowd outside the hotel now . and not a decent soul among they . they be the sort of filth and vermin that often collect in this new railroad town . Charlie Prince notice they and stop the rest of the outlaw outside . the bartender see Charlie Prince through a window . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day in the lobby , the three deputy start to get nervous . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 86 . 131 continued : deputy baker sure be a lot of they . deputy fuller I do not figure on it be the whole gang . 132 int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day marshal doane stare down at the gang , confidence falter . Dan back up against the far wall , protectively draw he son with he . 133 ext . HOTEL front , contention - day Charlie Prince notice the bartender who give he a look , direct he eye up to the second floor bridal suite ... 134 int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day ... we see the gang from the bridal suite on the street below . charlie prince hey , boss . you in there . boss ! WADE what should I tell they ? dan tell they you ’11l write they a letter every day from yuma . WADE Charlie . go buy the boy a drink , I ’1l1 be down soon . Charlie hurl Ben Wade 's hat up to the overhang . Ben grab it . put it on . charlie prince you okay . WADE sure , I be okay . and he sit back on the bed ... 135 136 137 138 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 87 . ext . HOTEL front , contention - day below , Charlie Prince turn to the grow crowd . charlie prince listen up . listen . that 's Ben Wade they get up in there . the railroad mean to put he on the 3:10 to yuma and hang he . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day the three deputy in the lobby stare out at Charlie Prince . deputy fuller what 's he do . ext . HOTEL front , contention - day Charlie Prince ride over to nez 's saddle bag and show the crowd a handful of dollar take from butterfield 's coach . charlie prince we will give two hundred cash dollar to any man what shoot any one of they . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day Dan , butterfield , William , marshal doane watch with dread . charlie prince two hundred dollar guarantee . 139-140 omitted ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 88. 139-140 continued : 142 143 144 145 omitted int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day the deputy can see gun out the window in all direction . deputy fuller .».. gotta be thirty , forty more gun out there now . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day marshal doane watch the army amass outside . he glance at butterfield and Dan , then he turn for the door . marshal doane aw , to hell with this . let 's go , boy . butterfield now just a minute , marshal -- marshal doane look , if it 's a fair fight ... well sure , I have stay for that ... a fair fight , that 's a man 's duty ... but there 's only six of we . I be sorry , mister . but I be not gonna die today . and neither be my man . dan marshal . you forget this . Dan toss the tin STAR back at the marshal ... ... he catch it , glare at Dan , then walk out . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day butterfield pursue marshal doane down the stair . doane nod at he deputy and they gratefully follow he out the door . butterfield I x11 double you money . ( no reply ) ( more ) ( continued ) 145 146 147 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 89 . continued : butterfield ( cont would ) please . do you want to see we shot down in the street . marshal doane look , this thing happen in bisbee . why bring you trouble to contention . deputy pell we have get family . every one of we be a family man . butterfield I be a family man , too . marshal doane then you best get out like we . and out they go . butterfield look pale . he turn , look about , mind racing . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day meanwhile , back up in the bridal suite ... WADE you see , Dan . everyone want to live . and that mean butterfield , too . he ’11l walk out on you . he 's gonna come back up here and walk out on you , Dan . now what do you figure you and you son be gonna die for . because butterfield 's railroad lose some money . ... and Dan have no reply . he look at William . ext . HOTEL front , contention - day Charlie watch the marshal and deputy walk out gun down . gunshot ring out as he murder they . Inside , butterfield shudder . Prince turn to the bridal suite window ... charlie prince ( call ) that all of they ? ... after a moment , Wade appear in the window . WADE almost . 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 90 . 148 int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day up in the suite , Wade return to the bed ... ... glance at Dan who grip he hammer shotgun tightly . WADE you turn , general . william what do you expect he to say . WADE I expect he to say something that make sense . something that might save the two of you . ( pause ) take a look , Dan ... what 's the matter , do not you want to see they . dan I 'il see they soon enough . WADE how about you , kid . you wanna look . dan stay away from the window , William . WADE go on . look down there . William look at he father and then at Wade ... ... venture to the window and stare at the gang . WADE ( cont 'd ) they 's be animal . all of they . they x11 kill you and you father , William , and they x11 laugh while they do it . I think you know that . William look at Wade . william call they off . WADE why should I . ( continued ) 148 149 150 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 91 . continued : william because you be not all bad . WADE yes I be . william you save we from that Indians . WADE I save myself . william you help we through the tunnel , you help we get away . WADE if I have a gun in that tunnel , I would have use it on you . william ... I do not believe you . Wade smile . WADE ( cont 'd ) kid . I would not last five minute lead a outfit like that if I be not as rotten as Hell . ext . HOTEL front , contention - day outside , Charlie Prince give a nod to the gang and they all split up . disappear into the street and back alley with the dozen of contention gunmen . butterfield peek nervously out the front of the hotel . he see all the gunman wait outside . and make a decision . Charlie setlles into a chair across the street , watch . he check the watch he steal from the dead pinkerton . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day the door open suddenly and butterfield come inside the bridal suite . he look stricken . Wade instantly read the look on he face . butterfield cross to the window . WADE here it come ... ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 92 . 150 continued : butterfield dan. ( beat ) I can not do it . WADE they say discretion be the better part of valor . butterfield if you think you have a obligation to I or the railroad , you do not . I be release you . WADE so it 's just you now , Dan . and you boy . butterfield you have no obligation . WADE listen to what he 's say . william maybe he 's right , pa . maybe we should go home . dan what do Doc Potter give he life for , William . and mcelroy . WADE they 's be speck , Dan . Little red ant on a hill . butterfield I will pay you the two hundred , Dan . right now . and you can walk away . Dan have to laugh . he look out the window , know this be the decision of he life . dan ...- you know ... this whole ride , it 's be nag on I . that 's what the government give I . for my leg . a hundred ninety eight dollar , thirty six cent . ( more ) ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 93. 150 continued : ( 2 ) dan ( cont would ) funny thing be , when you think about it , which I have be lately , they be not pay I so I could walk away . they be pay I so they could walk away . so they could forget the people that get maim and kill for they own interest . butterfield be stung . WADE do not muddy past and present , Dan . dan I be see the world as it be , Wade . what 's two hundred gonna do . by the time I get back , hollander will want more . william if you take he to the train , pa , I be go with you . dan no. Mr. butterfield be take you home . william I be not go anywhere with he . dan yes you be . butterfield ... i’1l get he to bisbee , Mr. Evans . I promise you . dan you be gonna promise more than that , if I put the scourge of the Southern line on that train . I want a guarantee that hollander and he boy never set foot on my land again . and that my water 's gonna flow . and I expect you to hand my wife one thousand cash dollar when you see she . Wade smile , amused . ( continued ) 150 continued : Wade nod . 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 94 . ( 3 ) dan ( cont 's D ) ' you get it to spare , butterfield . you be gonna divvy up a thousand to five for a job I be do alone . butterfield my company will be glad to do all of that thing ... if Wade get on the train . dan ( to Wade ) youu hear he . satisfied , Dan turn to William . he pull out Alice 's antique brooch ... ... and hand it to he . dan bring this back , William . tell you mother ... tell she I have it with I to the end . that it help I find what be right . william pa. I can not ... just leave you ... dan I will be a day behind you , William . ... unless something happen , .. and if it do , I need a man at the ranch . to keep it run and protect we family . I know you can do that because you have become a fine man . you get all the best part of I , William , what few there be . Dan embrace he son . Wade watch they , reluctantly move ... Dan give dan ( cont 'd ) just remember how you old man walk Ben Wade to the station ... ( pause ) ...- when nobody else would . butterfield a look . dan you take he and find a room down the hall . ( continued ) 150 151 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 continued : ( 4 ) william pa. dan when we make the move , we ’l1l pull he gang away . and that 's when you ride out of town . butterfield cross to the door . after a look from he father , William go with he . holding he father 's eye as he leave the room . omitted 94a . 152 153 154 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 95 . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day - continuous Dan check the time : five minute to three . dan goddammit ... WADE you know , squeezing that watch be not gonna stop time . Dan angrily hurl the pocket watch at Wade ... ... it miss by a inch , smashing against the wall . WADE ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) now you should not get so scared , Dan . might back a bad move . and Dan just turn away , stare out the window . ext . street , contention - various - day every now and then we glimpse one of WADE 's gang . Hidden in alley way . or climb on roof top . load they rifle . elsewhere , we see contention gunmen readying to earn a buck . omitted 155 156 157 158 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 96 . int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day Dan sit in the rocker , stare at the rumbling STORM cloud . Wade lie on the bed , drawing something in a HOTEL bible ... ... we can not quite see what he 's draw . and he eye never seem to leave the page . his thought drift as he speak : WADE you ever read the Bible , Dan . ( no reply ) I read it one time ... I be eight year old . my daddy have just get himself kill over a shot of whiskey . my mother say we be go back east to start over . she give I a Bible and sit I down at the train station . told I to read while she go to buy we ticket . ( pause ) well , I do as she say , read that Bible from cover to cover . take I three day . she never come back . just now , they hear a clock chiming in the distance ... ... it 's the clock tower by the train station : Three o'clock . omitted int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day Dan listen to the chime , like dagger in he chest . as they finish , he gather he hammer shotgun and turn to Wade . dan it 's time . int . corridor , contention HOTEL - day the bridal suite door crack open and Dan peer out ... ... the corridor be empty and quiet . Dan push Wade through the doorway with butterfield 's rifle . the hammer shotgun be sling over Dan 's shoulder . Dan keep close to Wade as they walk down the corridor , eye on the close door than line the wall . one of they open a little suddenly ... ( continued ) 158 159 160 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 97 . continued : ... and Dan line up on it . but it 's just a old man peek out . he quickly close the door . Dan and Wade keep move . int . lobby , contention HOTEL - day the hotel lobby be desert , a contrast to the way we first see it . only the bartender 's still here ... ... - he watch Dan come down the stair with Wade . he take out a bottle of whiskey and pour two shot on the bar . bartender ( to Dan ) on the house , mister . Dan stare at the drink , then lead Wade to the bar ... Dan and Wade drink the shot . Dan thanks the bartender with a look , then press on . the bartender watch they go . angle on : dan & WADE reach the back door they come through before . Dan trade a look with Wade as he clutches the back door handle . WADE there 's still time to get out of this . Dan look at the outlaw , a thousand thought racing through he head . then he cock the shotgun . and turn the handle . the back door swing open ... and a blast of wind rush in . Dan grasp Wade by the back of he collar , lay the barrel of the shotgun over Wade 's shoulder as they creep outside . ext . HOTEL back / alleyway contention - day the outlaw scan the rooftop and alleyway as Dan push he out the door . both man quickly realize they horse be go . WADE do not expect they to let we ride to the station , do you . all of a sudden , campos appear on a rooftop ... ( continued ) 160 161 162 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 98 . continued : ... and Dan hurl Wade behind a stack of crate as the outlaw shoot he rifle . bang ! the round miss Dan by inch . ext . rooftop , contention - day campos keep he rifle train on the stack of crate as he swiftly cock the lever action , chamber a new round as -- down below -- Dan and Wade scurry toward the end of the alley , head for cover under a overhang . ext . back alley , contention - day -- bang -- campos fire again . dirt spray up at Dan as he shove Wade below the overhang . ... under the deck , Dan try to get a look at campos . he scan the roofline , consider he option . Dan turn and follow Wade 's glance to a large bullet hole in the top of he boot . if Dan have a foot , he toe would have be blow off . he look up at Wade . almost laugh . Wade nod as a local gunman lunge from a corner ... WADE - uh ... behind you . ... and dan whip around , firing the shotgun . boom ! he drop the gunman . WADE ( cont 'd ) ... figure I owed you one for get I out of that camp . dan thanks ... WADE now you be on you own . ... and only five block to go . it 's a wide street , no cover . not good . the depot far in the distance . a clock at the General store read four past three . Dan study the roofline ... tries to get a fix on campos . dan where 's the rest of they . ( continued ) 162 162aa 162a 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 99 . continued : WADE ... wait . dan tell you rifleman , he shoot at I again , I 'il just put a bullet in you head . WADE and what do I tell they ? four local gunmen be come up the wide street that lead to the station . two of they be shit - face drunk , shoot in the air , one hoot ... Dan 's eye find another , pistol train on they from across the street . ... and then they begin firing . CUT to : int . HOTEL room / stair -- day -- continuous butterfield and William stand freeze , listen to the shot ring out . unable to stand anymore , William suddenly make a run for it . butterfield Son ! stop ! William race down the hall with he pistol . up the STREET -- charlie prince -- -- watch the gunfire with satisfaction . he glance to Jackson . sutherland watch from behind . jackson ' might not ever have to touch you scofield , Charlie ... charlie prince that have be disappoint . Charlie 's grin fade as -- -- the fusillade become furious , insane . bullet shatter the barrel and roof around dan and WADE . the gunman fire indiscriminately and Wade seem as likely to get shot as Dan . ( continued ) 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 99a . 162a continued : jackson ... what happen if they shoot the boss , Charlie ? CUT to : 162b back on -- dan and WADE -- under the overhang as a wood post by WADE 's head explode with shellfire . cursing , WADE dive for cover with dan . WADE ... this be bullshit . up the STREET -- charlie prince react . ( continued ) 162b 162c 162d 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 100 . continued : charlie prince hey ! ... hey ! not the black hat ! Red face , charlie charge at the gunmen , fire . charlie prince ( cont ’d ) I say the rancher , you dumb-shit ! campos have found a new vantage point on the rooftop . he start pick off the local . as do sutherland from another vantage point . under the overhang -- dan and WADE -- dan let 's go . now . WADE 's entire gang be firing on the local gunmen . it look and sound like war . Dan seize the moment , grab Wade and break into a sprint across the wide street . they run through the hail of gunfire . dan hit jackson with a shot , shove Wade in the door of - int . mining supply shop -- day as they enter , a shot clip Wade in the shoulder , knock he back . Dan spin , fire at -- a local gunman who drop . lung clutching for air , Dan glance out the door behind they , shot still report from the street . Dan drag Wade toward the back of the store and go about reloading he gun . suddenly -- -- pow ! WADE hit he in the face with cuffed fist and shove he against a wall , each with they hand on the shotgun . WADE that 's enough , Dan . its over . dan we’ be go to the train . WADE no . we be not . ( continued ) 162d 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 100a . continued : dan strugggle to regain control of the gun . as they thrash a shelf spill . suddenly , a lantern near dan 's head explode from gunfire . from the store window , jorgenson and kinter try to pick off Dan . Dan shove Wade back and spin , take a shot -- kill jorgenson and send the rest for cover dan we be go to the train , Wade . as Dan grab at Wade , try to drag he further , Wade just stand there , unmove . Dan pull at he , as more shot ring . suddenly , Wade kick out dan 's good leg , send he down the step into a stockroom -- ( continued ) 162d continued : 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 101 . ( 2 ) wade stand over he . WADE you boy 's go home . no one 's watch . you be a hero once . you get one good leg to show for it . use it to get home . Wade turn he back on Dan and face the door outside -- Shots still ring out . suddenly , stockroom Wade end WADE Charlie -- hold up . ... Charlie ! we 's be comin’ out . Dan grab Wade around the neck and pull he to the floor . they roll , punch at each other . hard . up with he cuff chain around Dan 's neck , pine he . Dan look up at he -- intense . dan ... I never be no hero . only battle I ever see , my company be in retreat . we be run through the wood under fire from we own side . by the time I get to the river , everyone else have fall ... and my foot be go ... and still do not know how . all I know be I lose it run , scared and blind and in retreat . you try tell that story to you little boy , Wade . and you watch he eye . Wade take this in . the chain loosen around Dan 's neck . a beat . dan I be not afraid to die . not no more . only thing scare I now be run away . WADE ... okay , Dan . out the crack stock room door , dan spie a roof worker 's ladder . +e of * +e hf hf HH HH hf * * +e of 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 101a . 163-167 omitted CUT to : 168 169 170 171 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 102 . ext . rooftop , contention - day Dan pull Wade across the CITY rooftop dodging wild gunfire from below . Dan stop before jump over a narrow alleyway . WADE you sure you can take it . Dan jump pull Wade with he . the impact send a spasm of pain through he bad leg . they jump a second alleyway . Dan be in agony . ext . MAIN STREET , contention - day ... as Charlie Prince and the other chase they on the ground , shoot at silhouettes . attempt to outrun they to the end of the chain of building . ext . rooftop , contention - day bang ! bang ! bang ! splinter fly as Dan and Wade rush towards the last rooftop now . both of they leaping off the edge ... ext . market , contention - day ... and crashing through a canvas awning which land they both on a food stall . Dan quickly draw he winchester on Wade ... ... the two man finally catch they breath together now . dan worked alright , do not it . WADE yeah ... worked real good . Wade grab a apple from the food stall ... 172-173 omitted 174 175 176 177 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 103-104 . ext . tent CITY / moving toward the station - day Dan and Wade run in tandem through the canvas tent in which the railroad worker live . in a spray of gunfire , they move from blaze light to dark . bullet make silent hole in the dark canvas . bang ! bang ! bang ! the shot come at he from all side ... ... several of shot clip Dan 's arm and leg . one of they even blow he hat right off he head . Dan shove Wade forward -- both of they hobbling now . ten yard to go . Three more tent . the outlaw charge after they . just five yard now . a hail of gunfire chase they . int . ticket booth , train station - day Dan yank open the door to the ticket booth . all but throw Wade inside . bullet crack and splinter off the wooden booth as Dan dive inside ... ... the ticket clerk crouch in the corner . stare at the two man . Dan be weak , bleed from several wound . ext . ticket booth , train station - day outside , Charlie Prince and the other gather quietly around the booth . twenty foot away . no chance of escape this one . int . ticket booth , train station - day Dan keep he gun on Wade as he look at the ticket clerk . dan what ... what time be it . ticket clerk about ten past three . dan where 's the 3:10 to yuma . ticket clerk running late , I suppose . ( continued ) 177 178 179 180 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 105 . continued : dan how late . ticker clerk beat I ... it get here when it get here , do not it . Dan stare at the man blankly ... ... and Wade just break into a smile . WADE goddamn train . never can depend of they , huh . omitted int . bridal suite , contention HOTEL - day William barge into the bridal suite to find it 's empty . only a wafer - thin piece of paper tear out of the HOTEL bible lie on the rocker ... ... - he pick up the paper and we see a sketch of Dan sit on the rocker with he shotgun . int . ticket booth , train station - day Inside the booth , Dan wince with the pain rippling through he body . he have gunshot wound in he arm and leg . blood also trickle from a head wound ... ... Wade take a kerchief out of he pocket and begin to make a tourniquet around Dan 's leg . WADE you stupid sonofabitch . I have give you every opportunity to get out of this and now look at you . Wade finish tie the tourniquet ... ... and Dan just gaze at he gratefully . dan I be not stubborn ... ( continued ) 180 181 182 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 106 . continued : WADE ( confuse ) what. dan at the camp , you say I be stubborn for ... for keep my family on that ranch ... WADE yeah well , what else you call it . dan it 's my son ... Mark ... the young one . get tuberculosis when we be two ... doctor say he have die if he ... he do not have a dry climate . WADE what be you tell I this for . dan ( shrug ) guess I want you to know I be not stubborn be all ... Ben . Wade stare at Dan 's grin , and start to smile himself . ext . ticket booth , contention - day outside , the whole town seem to be lie in wait . Charlie Prince be the close to the ticket booth , try to see in . angle on : william riding up behind the outlaw , join a crowd of people venture out to witness the showdown ... butterfield ride up beside William . it 's clear to all where Dan and Wade be . jorgensen ride up , towing WADE 's black mare behind he as William quickly peel he horse away . int . ticket booth , train station - day back to Dan and Wade in the ticket booth ... WADE Long as we be make confession . dan yeah ... ( continued ) 182 183 184 185 186 187 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 107 . continued : WADE I have be to yuma prison before . twice before . escape twice , too . ext . cattle yard , train station - day meanwhile , William ride to the cattle yard next to the station . he dismount , keep hide ... ... as he make he way through the cattle towards the gate . int . ticket booth , train station - day Wade stare at Dan in the ticket booth ... WADE there 's no sense put I on this train , Dan . I x11 be out within the week , ... and Dan just stare at he , wounded , fade . ext . cattle yard , train station - day now William quietly slip the cattle gate open , then scuttle back to he horse . the cattle stay in they yard , confuse ... int . ticket booth , train station - day ... as Wade make he final plea to Dan : WADE you make it further than anybody ever expect . most of all , I . you do it . go on home to you family . Dan look at he . suddenly , they hear a train whistle . ext . train station , contention - day here she come , the 3:10 to yuma . a steam - powered locomotive haul seven train carriage and a jailhouse caboose ... ... all head turn to watch as she puff towards the station . 188 189 190 191 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 108. int . ticket booth , train station - day Dan and Wade peer over the ticket counter and see the train come towards they . and Dan just start check he ammo , gear up for the last few yard . dan do I a favor , will you ... when you break out of yuma , do not go back to you crew . WADE what . dan hang up you gun , settle down somewhere . raise a family ... ( pause ) ... that 's what you want , be not it . WADE what the hell do you know about what I want . Dan finish reloading . ext . ticket booth , contention - day Charlie Prince keep he schofield on the ticket booth as the train near the station . charlie prince ( to the gang ) they 'il be come . ... the other outlaw now prepare for the final shoot -out . the crowd , include butterfield , watch anxiously behind they . ext . cattle yard , train station - day William get ready on he horse at the back of the cattle as the locomotive roll past , hissing steam out its wheel ... ext . ticket booth , train station - day ... pull into the station as the door open on the ticket booth . Dan escort Wade out , the hammer shotgun at he back . ( continued ) 191 192 193 194 195 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 109 . continued : the outlaw and the contention gunmen get set to fire ... ext . cattle yard , train station - day ... but then William suddenly fire a shot from he old pistol and the spook cattle begin to stampede out the open gate . ext . ticket booth , train station - day Dan see he son deftly whipping up the cattle ... ... and for a moment , Dan 's furious . but then he realize that William 's drive the cattle between they and the outlaw . the animal steam past the outlaw , block they line of fire . Charlie Prince fall beneath they , engulf in plume of steam from the locomotive ... ... we hear he scream as the cattle trample he . Dan and Wade break for the jailhouse caboose at the back of the train . keeping they head low just beyond the cattle . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day a old prison guard on the jailhouse caboose see Dan come with Wade . he rise to he foot , grab the jailhouse keys off the rack behind he .. dan I have get a prisoner to go to yuma . Wade look at Dan who appear shocked to have make it here . to have be able to say that eight word . ext . train station , contention - day nobody can see anything through the large herd of cattle . not even WADE 's gang who be effectively cut off from they boss . 196 197 198 199 200 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 110 . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day a smile spread across Dan 's weary face . Wade smile , too . genuinely happy for he . bang ! a gunshot echoe through the train station . WADE no . Dan scream with pain , return fire ... ... it 's Charlie Prince . materialize out of the steam . beat - up from the cattle stampede . Dan 's shotgun clip he arm . ext . train station , contention - day everybody hear the shot . peer through the rain and steam from the locomotive . the outlaw push through the cattle . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day bang ! bang ! bang ! Charlie Prince cut Dan down ... ... rip into he leg , he arm , he chest . the hammer shotgun fall to the soggy ground . his body spun around . Wade leap off the jailhouse caboose , fling himself into the line of fire . Charlie Prince stop fire just in time . ext . ticket booth , train station - day close on : william see he father fall as the cattle part fifty foot away . a river of shock grip he like a vice . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day angle on : WADE helpless to save Dan who collapse into the mud , a look of shock on he face . Wade grind to a halt next to he ... ... kneel beside he , cradling the die rancher 's head in he lap . Charlie Prince triumphantly reload he schofield . WADE dan. ( continued ) 200 201 202 203 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 111 . continued : Dan look up at Wade , bloody and weak ... ...a faint grin ... ext . train station , contention - day stricken , William stare at he father , twenty yard off , in Wade 's arm , freeze . butterfield approach from behind . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day the other outlaw walk up now , holster they weapon and fetching horse . gather around Wade in a loose circle ... ... as Charlie Prince strut over and grab a cuff key from the prison guard . he unlocks Wade now , drop the key and the cuff as he walk off . Charlie Prince spit at Dan 's foot . charlie prince ( laugh ) for a one leg rancher , you be one tough sonovabitch . Wade gently set Dan down . his gaze fall on the hammer shotgun lie nearby ... he eye go stone fuck cold . close on : charlie prince who have take only a few step , when he stop . a alarming sixth sense tell he to turn around . ext . train station , contention - day William try to run to he father , tear in he eye , but butterfield grab hold of he ... pull he under a overhang , they be both get wet . butterfield you need to stay here , son . William kick and claw at butterfield . william let go of I ! ( continued ) 203 204 205 206 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 112 . continued : butterfield you can not help he right now . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day ... the outlaw have go rock still in the rain . all eye on Wade and the shotgun . Wade be just as still and silent . suddenly , Charlie Prince draw ... ... boom ! the hammer shotgun bellow . catapult Charlie back three foot . ext . train station , contention - day as the shot ring out , William turn -- become still . everybody 's stunne and rivete . man he shot one of he own man ... he just shot he . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day Wade 's gang be shocked ... ... and livid . stare at Charlie Prince lie on the ground . what happen next take no more than twenty second . Jackson draw he rifle on Wade ... ... bang ! the shot scrape Wade 's shoulder . and Wade lift the hammer shotgun and fire . Jackson vanish in a cloud of smoke . and Wade toss the empty shotgun aside . sutherland and jorgensen draw they gun now ... ... as Wade dive and roll towards Charlie Prince . snatch the two schofield pistol from he hand . the pair of outlaw shoot at Wade as he come up out of he roll and blast they both away . now campos draw . and bang -- Wade take he out with ruthless precision . campos unload he weapon as he fall backward . one shot clip Wade in the arm . 207 208 209 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 113. ext . train station , contention - day William watch Wade twenty yard away through the rain ... .».. a dark , silhouett outlaw brandish double pistol . he be terrifying . a mad - dog killer . face twisted with pain . William walk toward the gunfire . when butterfield lunge at he , but William knock butterfield back with a look . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day Wade spin around on the last outlaw now ... it 's nez. line up on he boss . he hesitates when they eye meet . and in that moment , Wade fire . nez take a blast to the chest but stay upright . he look at Wade , sad . Wade shoot he again . and again . this be not easy for Wade . finally , nez topple . Wade turn , eye fill with emotion , notice -- a mortally wounded Charlie Prince , pull a pistol from dead jorgensen 's holster . bam , bam , bam -- Wade unload he gun , put a end to it . ext . train station / jailhouse caboose , contention - day William arrive at he father 's side , clutching he old pistol . he take he father 's hand . william you do it , pa . you do it . you put he on the train . Dan smile weakly , look he son in the eye , and release a last breath . William look up . as the smoke clear , Wade stand amidst a pile of body by the train . bloody and beat . Wade look at William . William point he pistol on the outlaw ... ... and Wade just stand there . he even drop the schofield . surrender to he fate . William can shoot Wade if he want ... but he glance to he father . he toss the gun and kneel beside he . close on : william glaring at Wade . intense . ( continued ) 209 210 211 212 3:10 to yuma - tan - 1.23.07 114 . continued : close on : WADE . through the pain and the blood , he turn and limp to the jailhouse caboose . butterfield come forward with a town physician . the doctor tend to Dan , but there be nothing to be do . William watch as -- Wade climb up , put himself on the train ... ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day ... Wade limp into the bar jailhouse caboose . the old prison guard go to cuff he , but Wade give he a look . int . jailhouse caboose , train station - day Wade settles inside the caboose on a bench opposite two thieve . they be both handcuff , gaze at he in awe ... Wade hardly notice . his thought elsewhere . we see a flicker of emotion cross he weary face . the guard lock the door . give a wave to the train driver . ext . jailhouse caboose , train station - day the steam whistle blow and the iron wheel begin to turn ... ... and now we hear Wade give a whistle from inside . close on -- butterfield as he notice -- WADE 's black horse reacting to the whistle . the horse trot after the train , past William , and the other . close on -- william he stand there . watch the train disappear . forever change . fade out