the godfather _____________ screenplay by mario puzo and francis ford coppola third draft paramount picture 1 Gulf and western Plaza March 29 , 1971 New York , New York 10019 int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) the paramount logo be present austerely over a black background . there be a moment 's hesitation , and then the simple word in white lettering : the godfather while this remain , we hear : " I believe in America . " suddenly we be watch in close view , amerigo bonasera , a man of sixty , dress in a black suit , on the verge of great emotion . bonasera America have make my fortune . as he speak , the view imperceptibly begin to loosen . bonasera I raise my daughter in the american fashion ; I give she freedom , but teach she never to dishonor she family . she find a boy friend , not a italian . she go to the movie with he , stay out late . two month ago he take she for a drive , with another boy friend . they make she drink whiskey and then they try to take advantage of she . she resist ; she keep she honor . so they beat she like a animal . when I go to the hospital she nose be break , she jaw be shattered and hold together by wire , and she could not even weep because of the pain . he can barely speak ; he be weep now . bonasera I go to the Police like a good american . this two boy be arrest and bring to trial . the judge sentence they to three year in prison , and suspend the sentence . suspend sentence ! they go free that very day . I stand in the courtroom like a fool , and that bastard , they smile at I . then I say to my wife , for justice , we must go to the godfather . by now , the view be full , and we see Don corleone 's office in he home . the blind be close , and so the room be dark , and with pattern shadow . we be watch bonasera over the shoulder of don corleone . tom hagen sit near a small table , examine some paperwork , and sonny corleone stand impatiently by the window nearest he father , sip from a glass of wine . we can hear music , and the laughter and voice of many people outside . don corleone bonasera , we know each other for year , but this be the first time you come to I for help . I do not remember the last time you invite I to you house for coffee ... even though we wife be friend . bonasera what do you want of I ? I will give you anything you want , but do what I ask ! don corleone and what be that bonasera ? bonasera whisper into the don 's ear . don corleone no . you ask for too much . bonasera I ask for justice . don corleone the Court give you justice . bonasera a eye for a eye ! don corleone but you daughter be still alive . bonasera then make they suffer as she suffer . how much shall I pay you . both hagen and sonny react . don corleone you never think to protect yourself with real friend . you think it 's enough to be a american . all right , the Police protect you , there be court of Law , so you do not need a friend like I . but now you come to I and say Don corleone , you must give I justice . and you do not ask in respect or friendship . and you do not think to call I godfather ; instead you come to my house on the day my daughter be to be marry and you ask I to do murder ... for money . bonasera America have be good to I ... don corleone then take the justice from the judge , the bitter with the sweet , bonasera . but if you come to I with you friendship , you loyalty , then you enemy become my enemy , and then , believe I , they would fear you ... slowly , bonasera bow he head and murmur . bonasera be my friend . don corleone good . from I you will get justice . bonasera godfather . don corleone some day , and that day may never come , I would like to call upon you to do I a service in return . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) a high angle of the corleone mall in bright daylight . there be at least five hundred guest fill the main courtyard and garden . there be music and laugh and dance and countless table cover with food and wine . don corleone stand at the Gate , flanke on either side by a son : fredo and sonny , all dress in the formal attire of the wedding party . he warmly shake the hand , squeeze the hand of the friend and guest , pinch the cheek of the child , and make they all welcome . they in turn carry with they gallon of homemade wine , carton of freshly baked bread and pastry , and enormous trays of italian delicacy . the entire family pose for a family portrait : don corleone , mama , sonny , he wife , sandra , and they child , tom hagen and he wife , theresa , and they baby ; constanzia , the bride , and she bridegroom , carlo rizzi . as they move into the pose , the don seem preoccupy . don corleone where 's Michael ? sonny he will be here pop , it 's still early . don corleone then the picture will wait for he . everyone in the group feel the uneasiness as the don move back to the house . sonny give a delicious smile in the direction of the maid-of - honor , lucy mancini . she return it . then he move to he wife . sonny Sandra , watch the kid . they be run wild . sandra you watch yourself . hagen kiss he wife , and follow the don , pass the wine barrel , where a group of four men nervously wait . tom crook a finger at nazorine , who doublecheck that he be next , straighten , and follow hagen . ext day : mall entrance ( summer 1945 ) outside the main gate of the mall , several men in suit , work together with a man in a dark sedan , walk in and out of the row of park car , write license plate number down in they notebook . we hear the music and laughter come from the party in the distance . a man stop at a limousine and copy down the number . barzini , dignify in a black homburg , be always under the watchful eye of two bodyguard as he make he way to embrace don corleone in the courtyard . the men walk down another row of park car . put another number in the notebook . a shiney new cadillac with wooden bumper . peter clemenza , dance the tarantella joyously , bump belly with the lady . clemenza paulie ... wine ... wine . he mop he sweat forehead with a big handkerchief . paulie hustle , get a glass of icy black wine , and bring it to he . paulie you look terrif on the floor ! clemenza what be you , a dance judge ? go do you job ; take a walk around the neighborhood ... see everything be okay . paulie nod and leave ; clemenza take a breath , and leap back into the dance . the men walk down another row of park car . put another number in the notebook . tessio , a tall , gentle -look man , dance with a nine - year - old girl , she little black party shoe plant on he enormous brown shoe . the men move on to other park car , when sonny storm out of the gate , he face flushed with anger , follow by clemenza and paulie . sonny buddy , this be a private party . the man do not answer , but point to the driver of the sedan . sonny menacingly thrust he reddene face at he . the driver merely flip open he wallet to a greed card , without say a word . sonny step back , spit on the ground , turn , and walk away , follow by clemenza , paulie , and another two men . he do not say a thing for most of the walk back into the courtyard , and then , muttere to paulie . sonny goddamn FBI ... do not respect nothing . int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) don corleone sit quietly behind he massive desk in the dark study . nazorine ... a fine boy from Sicily , capture by the american Army , and send to New Jersey as a prisoner of war ... don corleone nazorine , my friend , tell I what I can do . nazorine now that the war be over , enzo , this boy be be repatriate to Italy . and you see , godfather ... ( he wring he hand , unable to express himself ) he ...my daughter ... they ... don corleone you want he to stay in this country . nazorine godfather , you understand everything . don corleone Tom , what we need be a Act of Congress to allow enzo to become a citizen . nazorine ( impressed ) a Act of Congress ! hagen ( nodd ) it will cost . the don shrug ; such be the way with that thing ; nazorine nod . nazorine be that all ? godfather , thank you ... ( back out , enthusiastically ) oh , wait till you see the cake I make for you beautiful daughter ! nazorine back out , all smile , and nod to the godfather . don corleone rise and move to the venetian blind . hagen who do I give this job to ? the don move to the window , peek out through the blind . don corleone not to one of we paisan ... give it to a Jew Congressman in another district . who else be on the list for today ? the don be peek out to the men around the barrel , wait to see he . hagen francesco nippi . his nephew have be refuse parole . a bad case . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) what he sees : nippi wait nervously by the barrel . hagen ( o.s. ) his father work with you in the freight yard when you be young . luca brasi sit alone , grotesque and quiet . hagen ( o.s. ) he 's not on the list , but Luca brasi want to see you . int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) the don turn to hagen . don corleone be it necessary ? hagen you understand he better than anyone . the don nod to this . turn back to the blind and peek out . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) what he sees : michael corleone , dress in the uniform of a Marine Captain , lead kay adam through the wedding crowd , occasionally stop and greet by friend of the family . int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) the don , inside the office , peer through the blind , follow they . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) michael move through the crowd , embrace mama and introduce she to he girl . ext day : office window ( summer 1945 ) the don 's eye peer through the blind . ext day : mall table ( summer 1945 ) kay and michael settle by a table on the edge of the wedding , burden down with plate of food and glass and wine . she be exhilated by the enormity of the affair , the music and the vitality . kay I have never see anything like it . michael I tell you I have a lot of relative . kay look about , a young and lively thing in a gift shop . we see what she see : her interest be catch by three men stand by the wine barrel . kay ( amused ) Michael , what be that man do ? michael they be wait to see my father . kay they be talk to themselves . michael they be go to talk to my father , which mean they be go to ask he for something , which mean they better get it right . kay why do they bother he on a day like this ? michael because they know that no sicilian will refuse a request on he daughter 's wedding day . ext day : wedding party ( summer 1945 ) connie corleone , the bride , be press the bodice of she overly - fluffy white gown against the groom , carlo rizzi . he be bronze , with curly blondish hair and lovely dimple . she absolutely adore he and can barely take she eye from he long enough to thank the various guest for the white envelope they be put into the large white purse she hold . in fact , if we watch carefully , we can see that one of she hand be sly under he jacket , and into he shirt , where she be provocatively rub the hair on he chest . carlo , on the other hand , have he blue eye train on the bulg envelope , and be try to guess how much cash the thing hold . discreetly , he move she hand off of he skin . carlo ( whisper ) cut it out , connie . the purse , looped by a ribbon of silk around connie 's arm , be fat with money . paulie ( o.s. ) what do you think ? twenty grand ? a little distance away , a young man , paulie gatto , catch a prosciutto sandwich throw by a friend , without once take eye from the purse . paulie who know ? maybe more . twenty , thirty grand in small bill cash in that silk purse . Holy Toledo , if this be somebody else 's wedding ! sonny be sit at the wedding dias , talk to lucy mancini , the maid of honor . every once in a while he glance across the courtyard , where he wife be talk with some women . he bend over and whisper something into lucy 's ear . sandra and the women be in the middle of a big , ribald laugh . woman be it true what they say about you husband , Sandra ? sandra 's hand separate with expand width further and further apart until she burst into a peal of laughter . through she separate hand she see the wedding dais . sonny and lucy be go . int day : don be hall & stair ( summer 1945 ) the empty hallway . the bathroom door open and lucy surreptitiously step out . she look up where sonny be stand on the second landing , motion for she to come up . she lift she petticoat off the ground and hurry upstairs . ext day : mall table ( summer 1945 ) kay and michael . kay ( in a spooky low tone ) Michael , that scarey guy ... be he a relative ? she have pick out luca brasi . michael no. his name be Luca brasi . you would not like he . kay ( excite ) who be he ? michael ( sizing she up ) you really want to know ? kay yes . tell I . michael you like spaghetti ? kay you know I love spaghetti . michael then eat you spaghetti and I will tell you a Luca brasi story . she start to eat she spaghetti . she begin eat , look at he eagerly . michael once upon a time , about fifteen year ago some people want to take over my father 's olive oil business . they have Al capone send some man in from Chicago to kill my father , and they almost do . kay Al capone ! michael my Father send Luca brasi after they . he tie the two capone man hand and foot , and stuff small bath towel into they mouth . then he take a ax , and chop one man 's foot off ... kay Michael ... michael then the leg at the knee ... kay Michael you be try to scare I ... michael then the thigh where they join the torso . kay Michael , I do not want to hear anymore ... michael then Luca turn to the other man ... kay Michael , I love you . michael ... who out of sheer terror have swallow the bath towel in he mouth and suffocate . the smile on he face seem to indicate that he be tell a tall story . kay I never know when you be tell I the truth . michael I tell you you would not like he . kay he 's come over here ! luca come toward they to meet tom hagen halfway , just near they table . michael Tom ... Tom , I would like you to meet Kay Adams . kay ( have survive luca ) how do you do . michael my brother , Tom hagen . hagen hello Kay . you father 's inside , do some business . ( privately ) he 's be ask for you . michael thanks Tom . hagen smile and move back to the house , luca ominously follow . kay if he 's you brother , why do he have a different name ? michael my brother sonny find he live in the street when he be a kid , so my father take he in . he 's a good lawyer . int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) don corleone at the window . he have see the intimacy of the young couple . luca ( o.s. ) Don corleone ... the don turn to the stiffly formal luca , and he move forward to kiss he hand . he take the envelope from he jacket , hold it out , but do not release it until he make a formal speech . luca ( with difficulty ) Don corleone ... I be honore , and grateful ... that you invite I to you home ... on the wedding day of you ... daughter . May they first child ... be a masculine child . I pledge my never end loyalty . ( he offer the envelope ) for you daughter 's bridal purse . don corleone thank you , Luca , my most value friend . the don take it , and then luca 's hand , which he squeeze so tightly we might imagine it to be painful . luca let I leave you , Don corleone . I know you be busy . he turn , almost a about -face , and leave the study with the same formality he enter with . don corleone breathes more easily , and give the thick envelope to hagen . don corleone I be sure it 's the most generous gift today . hagen the Senator call -- apologize for not come personally , but say you would understand . also , some of the judge ... they have all send gift . and another call from Virgil sollozzo . don corleone be not pleased . hagen the action be narcotic . sollozzo have contact in Turkey for the poppy , in Sicily for the plant to process down to morphine or up to heroin . also he have access to this country . he 's come to we for financial help , and some sort of immunity from the law . for that we get a piece of the action , I could not find out how much . sollozzo be vouch for by the tattaglia family , and they may have a piece of the action . they call sollozzo the Turk . he 's spend a lot of time in Turkey and be suppose to have a turkish wife and kid . he 's suppose to be very quick with the knife , or be , when he be young . only in matter of business and with some reasonable complaint . also he have a american wife and three child and he be a good family man . the don nod . hagen he 's he own boss , and very competent . don corleone and with prison record . hagen two term ; one in Italy , one in the United States . he 's know to the government as a top narcotic man . that could be a plus for we ; he could never get immunity to testify . don corleone when do he call ? hagen this morning . don corleone on a day like this . consiglero , do you also have in you note the the Turk make he live from prostitution before the war , like the tattaglias do now . write that down before you forget it . the Turk will wait . we now begin to hear a song come over the loud-speaker from outside . in italian , with unmistakable style . don corleone what that ? it sound like johnny . he move to the window , pull the blind up , flooding the room with light . don corleone it be johnny . he come all the way from California to be at the wedding . hagen should I bring he in . don corleone no . let the people enjoy he . you see ? he be a good godson . hagen it 's be two year . he 's probably in trouble again . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) johnny fontane on the bandstand , sing to the delight and excitement of the wedding guest . kay I do not know you family know johnny fontane . michael sure . kay I use to come down to New York whenever he sing at the Capitol and scream my head off . michael he 's my father 's godson ; he owe he he whole career . johnny finish the song and the crowd scream with delight . they call out for another when don corleone appear . don corleone my godson have come three thousand mile to do we honor and no one think to wet he throat . at once a dozen wine glass be offer to johnny , who take a sip from each as he move to embrace he godfather . johnny I keep try to call you after my divorce and Tom always say you be busy . when I get the wedding invitation I know you be not sore at I anymore , godfather . don corleone can I do something for you still ? you be not too rich , or too famous that I can not help you ? johnny I be not rich anymore , godfather , and ... my career , I be almost wash up ... he 's very disturb . the godfather indicate that he come with he to the office so no one will notice . he turn to hagen . don corleone tell santino to come in with we . he should hear some thing . they go , leave hagen scan the party look for sonny . int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) hagen glance up the staircase . hagen sonny ? then he go up . int day : don's upstair room ( summer 1945 ) sonny and lucy be in a room upstairs ; he have lift she gown 's skirt almost over she head , and have she stand against the door . her face peek out from the layer of petticoat around it like a flower in ecstasy . lucy sonnyeeeeeeee . her head bounce against the door with the rhythm of he body . but there be a knock as well . they stop , freeze in that position . hagen ( o.s. ) sonny ? sonny , you in there ? int day : don's upstair hallway ( summer 1945 ) outside , hagen by the door . hagen the old man want you ; johnny 's here ... he 's get a problem . sonny ( o.s. ) okay . one minute . hagen hesitates . we hear lucy 's head bounce against the door again . tom leave . int day : don's office ( summer 1945 ) don corleone act like a man ! by Christ in Heaven , be it possible you turn out no better than a Hollywood finocchio . both hagen and johnny can not refrain from laugh . the don smile . sonny enter as noiselessly as possible , still adjust he clothes . don corleone all right , Hollywood ... now tell I about this Hollywood pezzonovanta who will not let you work . johnny he own the studio . just a month ago he buy the movie rights to this book , a best seller . and the main character be a guy just like I . I would not even have to act , just be myself . the don be silent , stern . don corleone you take care of you family ? johnny sure . he glance at sonny , who make himself as inconspicuous as he can . don corleone you look terrible . I want you to eat well , to rest . and spend time with you family . and then , at the end of the month , this big shot will give you the part you want . johnny it 's too late . all the contract have be sign , they be almost ready to shoot . don corleone I will make he a offer he can not refuse . he take johnny to the door , pinching he cheek hard enough to hurt . don corleone now go back to the party and leave it to I . he close the door , smile to himself . turn to hagen . don corleone when do my daughter leave with she bridegroom ? hagen they will cut the cake in a few minute ... leave right after that . you new son- in - law , do we give he something important ? don corleone no , give he a live . but never let he know the family 's business . what else , Tom ? hagen I have call the hospital ; they have notify consiglere genco 's family to come and wait . he will not last out the night . this sadden the don . he sigh . don corleone genco will wait for I . santino , tell you brother they will come with I to the hospital to see genco . tell fredo to drive the big car , and ask johnny to come with we . sonny and Michael ? don corleone all my son . ( to hagen ) Tom , I want you to go to California tonight . make the arrangement . but do not leave until I come back from the hospital and speak to you . understood ? hagen understood . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) now all the wedding guest excitedly clap they hand over the entrance of the cake : nazorine be beam as he wheel in a serve table contain the biggest , gaudiest , most extravagant wedding cake ever baked , a incredible monument of he gratitude . the crowd be favorably impressed : they begin to clink they knife or fork against they glass , in the traditional request for the bride to cut the cake and kiss the Groom . louder and louder , five hundred fork hit five hundred glass . ext day : mall ( summer 1945 ) silence . high angle on the mall , late day . the guest be go . a single black car be in the courtyard . freddie be behind the driver 's seat : the don enter the car , look at michael , who sit between sonny and johnny in the rear seat . don corleone will you girl friend get back to the city all right ? michael Tom say he would take care of it . the don pull the door shut ; and the car pull out , through the gate of the great corleone mall . int day : hospital corridor ( summer 1945 ) a long white hospital corridor , at the end of which we can see a grouping of five women , some old and some young , but all plump and dress in black . don corleone and he son move toward the end . but then the don slow , put he hand on michael 's shoulder . michael stop and turn toward he father . the two look at one another for some time . silence . don corleone then lift he hand , and slowly touch a particular medal on michael 's uniform . don corleone what be this for ? michael for bravery . don corleone and this ? michael for kill a man . don corleone what miracle you do for stranger . michael I fight for my country . it be my choice . don corleone and now , what do you choose to do ? michael I be go to finish school . don corleone good . when you be finish , come and talk to I . I have hope for you . again they regard each other without a word . michael turn , and continue on . don corleone watch a moment , and then follow . int day : hospital room ( summer 1945 ) don corleone enter the hospital room , move close to our view . he be follow by he son , johnny and the women . don corleone ( whisper ) genco , I have bring my son to pay they respects . and look , even johnny fontane , all the way from Hollywood . genco be a tiny , waste skeleton of a man . don corleone take he bony hand , as the other arrange themselves around he bed , each clasp the other hand in turn . genco godfather , godfather , it 's you daughter 's wedding day , you can not refuse I . cure I , you have the power . don corleone I have no such power ... but genco , do not fear death . genco ( with a sly wink ) it 's be arrange , then ? don corleone you blaspheme . resign yourself . genco you need you old consigliere . who will replace I ? ( suddenly ) stay with I godfather . help I meet death . if he see you , he will be frighten and leave I in peace . you can say a word , pull a few string , eh ? we will outwit that bastard as we outwitted all that other . ( clutching he hand ) godfather , do not betray I . the don motion all the other to leave the room . they do . he return he attention to genco , hold he hand and whisper thing we cannot hear , as they wait for death . int night : airplane ( summer 1945 ) fade in : the interior of a non-stop constellation . hagen be one of the very few passenger on this late flight . he look like any young lawyer on a business trip . he be tired from the difficult preparation and duty that he have just execute during the wedding . on the seat next to he be a enormous , bulg briefcase . he close he eye . int night : honeymoon HOTEL ( summer 1945 ) the honeymoon hotel : carlo and connie . carlo be in he undershort , sit up on the bed , anxiously take the envelope out of the silk bridal purse and count the content . connie prepare herself in the large marble bathroom . she rub she hand over he bronze shoulder , and try to get he interest . int night : don's office ( summer 1945 ) don corleone in he office . luca brasi sit near to he . don corleone Luca , I be worried about this man sollozzo . find out what you can , through the tattaglias . let they believe you could be tempt away from the corleone family , if the right offer be make . learn what he have under he fingernails ... int night : mancini apt . hall ( summer 1945 ) the hallway of a apartment building . sonny enter , climb two step at a time . he knock , and then whisper . sonny it 's I , sonny . the door open , and two lovely arm be around he , pull he into the apartment . int night : luca' room ( winter 1945 ) luca brasi 's tiny room . he be partly dress . he kneel and reach under he bed and pull out a small , lock trunk . he open it , and take out a heavy , bullet - proof vest . he put it on , over he wool undershirt , and then put on he shirt and jacket . he take he gun , quickly disassemble , check , and reassemble it . and leave . int night : don's office ( summer 1945 ) a close view of don corleone think quietly . int night : moving train ( summer 1945 ) michael and kay on a train , speed on they way to New Hampshire . int night : subway ( winter 1945 ) luca , in he bulky jacket , sit quietly on a empty subway train . int night : airplane ( summer 1945 ) hagen on the constellation . he reach into he briefcase , and take out several picture and papers . one photograph be of a smile man , jack woltz , link arm in arm with fifteen movie star on either side , include a lovely young child star to he immediate right . hagen consider other papers . int night : don's office ( summer 1945 ) don corleone look , and then move hagen into a embrace . he straighten he arm and look at tom deeply . don corleone remember my new consigliere , a lawyer with he briefcase can steal more than a hundred man with gun . ext day : woltz estate gate ( summer 1945 ) jack woltz estate . hagen stand before the impressive gate , armed only with he briefcase . a gateman open the gate , and tom enter . ext day : woltz garden ( summer 1945 ) hagen and woltz comfortably stroll along beautiful formal garden , martinis in hand . woltz you should have tell I you boss be corleone , Tom , I have to check you out . I think you be just some third rate hustler johnny be run in to bluff I . ( a piece of statuary ) Florence , thirteenth century . decorate the garden of a king . they cross the garden and head toward the stable . woltz I be go to show you something beautiful . they pass the stable , and come to rest by a stall with a huge bronze plaque attach to the outside wall : " khartoum . " two security guard be position in chair nearby ; they rise as woltz approach . woltz you like horse ? I like horse , I love them . beautiful , expensive racehorse . the animal inside be truly beautiful . woltz whisper to he with true love in he voice . woltz khartoum ... kartoum ... you be look at six hundred thousand dollar on four hoof . I bet even Russian czar never pay that kind of dough for a single horse . but I be not go to race he I be go to put he out to stud . int night : woltz dine room ( summer 1945 ) hagen and woltz sit at a enormous dining room table , attend by several servant . great painting hang on the wall . the meal be elaborate and sumptuous . hagen Mr. corleone be johnny 's godfather . that be very close , a very sacred religious relationship . woltz okay , but just tell he this be one favor I can not give . but he should try I again on anything else . hagen he never ask a second favor when he have be refuse the first . understood ? woltz you smooth son of a bitch , let I lay it on the line for you , and you boss . johnny fontane never get that movie . I do not care how many dago , guinea , wop greaseball goombah come out of the woodwork ! hagen I be german - irish . woltz okay my kraut - Mick friend , johnny will never get that part because I hate that pinko punk and I be go to run he out of the movie . and I will tell you why . he ruin one of woltz Brothers ' most valuable protege . for five year I have this girl under training ; sing lesson ! acting lesson ! Dancing lesson ! we spend hundred of thousand of dollar -- I be go to make she a star . I will be even more frank , just to show you that I be not a hard - heart man , that it be not all dollar and cent . that girl be beautiful and young and innocent and she be the great piece of ass I have ever ad and I have have they all over the world . then johnny come along with that olive oil voice and guinea charm and she run off . she throw it all away to make I look ridiculous . a man in my position cannot afford to be made to look ridiculous ! ext day : genco olive oil CO . ( summer 1945 ) a unimpose little building in New York City on mott Street with a large old sign : " genco olive oil import , inc . " next to a open- face fruit market . a dark buick pull up , and a single small man , whom we cannot see well because of the distance , get out and enter the building . this be virgil sollozzo . int day : olive oil office ( summer 1945 ) look toward the staircase we can hear sollozzo 's footstep before he actually rise into view . he be a small man , very dark , with curly black hair . but wiry , and tight and hard , and obviously very dangerous . he be greet at the head of the stair by sonny , who take he hand and shake it , introduce himself . for a moment , there be a complex of handshake quite formal , and whisper respectful introduction . finally , sollozzo be take into the don 's glass panele office ; the two principal be introduce . they be very respectful of one another . fold chair be bring in by freddie , and soon they be all sit around in a circle ; the don , sollozzo , sonny , hagen , freddie , clemenza and tessio . the don be the slight bit foolish with all he compatriot , whereas sollozzo have bring no one . throughout all that transpire , however , it be clear that this scene be between two man : sollozzo and don corleone . sollozzo my business be heroin , I have poppy field , laboratory in narseille and Sicily , ready to go into production . my import method be as safe as this thing can be , about five per cent loss . the risk be nothing , the profit enormous . don corleone why do you come to I ? why do I deserve you generosity ? sollozzo I need two million dollar in cash ... more important , I need a friend who have people in high place ; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employee be arrest , they would get only light sentence . be my friend . don corleone what percentage for my family ? sollozzo thirty per cent . in the first year you share would be four million dollar ; then it would go up . don corleone and what be the percentage of the tattaglia family ? sollozzo nod toward hagen . sollozzo my compliment . I will take care of they from my share . don corleone so . I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection . no worry about operation , be that what you tell I ? sollozzo if you think two million dollar in cash be just finance , I congratulate you Don corleone . there be a long silence ; in which each person present feel the tension . the don be about to give he answer . don corleone I say I would see you because I have hear you be a serious man , to be treat with respect ... ( pause ) but I will say no to you . we feel this around the room . don corleone I will give you my reason . I have many , many friend in Politics . but they would not be so friendly if my business be narcotic instead of gambling . they think gambling be something like liquor , a harmless vice ... and they think narcotic be dirty business . sollozzo take a breath . don corleone no ...how a man make he live be none of my business . but this proposition of yours be too risky . all the people in my family live well the last ten year , I will not risk that out of greed . sollozzo be you worried about security for you million ? don corleone no . sollozzo the tattaglias will guarantee you investment also . this startles sonny ; he blurt out . sonny the tattaglia family guarantee we investment ? sollozzo hear he first , and then very slowly turn to face he . everyone be the room know that sonny have step out of line . don corleone Young people be greedy , and they have no manners . they speak when they should listen . but I have a sentimental weakness for my child , and I have spoiled they , as you see . but signor sollozzo , my no be final . sollozzo nod , understand that this be the dismissal . he glance one last time at sonny . he rise ; all the other do as well . he bow to the don , shake he hand , and formally take he leave . when the footstep can no longer be hear : the don turn to sonny . don corleone santino , never let anyone outside the family know what you be think . I think you brain be go soft from all that comedy you play with that young girl . two office worker be carry a enormous floral display with the word " thank you " spell out in flower . don corleone what be this nonsense ? hagen it 's from johnny . it be announce this morning . he 's go to play the lead in the new woltz Brothers film . int day : woltz's bedroom ( summer 1945 ) it be large , dominate by a huge bed , in which a man , presumably woltz , be sleep . Soft light bathes the room from the large window . we move closer to he until we see he face , and recognize jack woltz . he turn uncomfortably ; mutter , feel something strange in he bedsheet . something wet . he waken , feel the sheet with displeasure ; they be wet . he look at he hand ; the wetness be blood . he be frighten , pull aside the cover , and see fresh blood on he sheet and pajamas . he grunt , pull the puddle of blood in he bed . he feel he own body frantically , move , down , follow the blood , until he be face to face with the great severe head of khartoum lie at the foot of he bed . just blood from the hack neck . White reedy tendon show . he struggle up to he elbow in the puddle of blood to see more clearly . froth cover the muzzle , and the enormous eye of the animal be yellow and cover with blood . woltz try to scream ; but cannot . no sound come out . then , finally and suddenly a ear-splitt scream of pure terror escape from woltz , who be rock on he hand and knee in a uncontrolled fit , blood all over he . int day : olive oil office ( summer 1945 ) close view on the godfather . nodding . don corleone send johnny my congratulation . ----------------------------------------FADE out -------- ( scene 12 & 12 omitted ) fade in : ext day : fifth avenue ( winter 1945 ) fifth Avenue in the snow . Christmas week . people be bundle up with rosy face , rush to buy present . kay and michael exit a fifth Avenue department store , carry a stack of gaily wrap gift , arm in arm . kay we have something for you mother , for sonny , we have the tie for fredo and Tom hagen get the reynold pen ... michael and what do you want for Christmas ? kay just you . they kiss . int day : HOTEL room ( winter 1945 ) close on a wooden radio , play quiet Music . the view pan around the dark hotel room , curtain against the daylight . michael ( o.s. ) we will have a quiet , civil ceremony at the City Hall , no big fuss , no family , just a couple of friend as witness . the two be in each other 's arm in a mess of bedsheet on the two single bed that they have push together . kay what will you father say ? michael as long as I tell he beforehand he will not object . he will be hurt , but he will not object . kay what time do they expect we ? michael for dinner . unless I call and tell they we be still in New Hampshire . kay Michael . michael then we can have dinner , see a show , and spend one more night . he move to the telephone . michael ( cont 'd . ) Operator . get I ( fill in number ) kay Michael , what be you do ? michael shhh , you be the long distance operator . here . kay hello ... this be Long distance . I have a call from New Hampshire . Mr. Michael corleone . one moment please . she hand the phone to michael who continue the deception . michael hello , Tom ? Michael . yeah ... listen , we have not leave yet . I be drive down to the city with Kay tomorrow morning . there 's something important I want to tell the old man before Christmas . will he be home tomorrow night ? int day : olive oil office ( winter 1945 ) hagen in the olive oil company office . in the background , through the glass partition , we can see the don , at work in he office . tom be tired , and steepe in paperwork . hagen ( o.s. ) sure . anything I can do for you . michael ( o.s. ) no . I guess I will see you Christmas . everyone 's go to be out at Long Beach , right ? hagen right . he smile . michael have hang up . he look at the pile of work , and can not face it . he rise , put on he coat and hat , and continue out . he peek into the don 's office . hagen Michael call ; he 's not leave New Hampshire until tomorrow morning . I have get to go , I promise theresa I would pick up some toy for the kid . the don smile and nod . tom smile , and leave ; our view remain with don corleone . freddie be sit on a bench in the corner , read the afternoon paper . he put aside the papers the office manager have prepare for he , and then move to freddie , rap he knuckle on he head to take he nose out of the paper . don corleone tell paulie to get the car from the lot ; I will be ready to go home in a few minute . fredo I will have to get it myself ; paulie call in sick this morning . don corleone that 's the third time this month . I think maybe you would better get a healthier bodyguard for I . tell Tom . fredo ( go ) paulie 's a good kid . if he 's sick , he 's sick . I do not mind get the car . freddie leave . he slowly put on he jacket . look out he window . ext dusk : olive oil CO . ( winter 1945 ) freddie cross the street . int dusk : olive oil office ( winter 1945 ) office manager buon watale , Don corleone . the manager help he on with he overcoat . once again , the don glance out he window . the black car pull up ; freddie drive . don corleone merry Christmas . ( hand the manager a envelope ) and he start down the stair . ext dusk : olive oil CO . ( winter 1945 ) the light outside be very cold , and beginning to fail . when freddie see he father come , he move back into the driver 's seat . the don move to the car , and be about to get in when he hesitates , and turn back to the long , open fruit stand near the corner . the proprietor spring to serve he . the don walk among the trays and basket , and merely point to a particular piece of fruit . as he select , the man gingerly pick the piece of fruit up and put they into a paper bag . the don pay with a five dollar bill , wait for he change , and then turn back to the car . ext dusk : polk toy store ( winter 1945 ) tom hagen exit carry a stack of present , all gift wrap . he continue past the window . as he walk , someone walk right in he way . he look up . it be sollozzo . he take tom by the arm and walk along with he . sollozzo ( quietly ) do not be frighten . I just want to talk to you . a car park at the curb suddenly fling its rear door open . sollozzo ( urgently ) get in ; I want to talk to you . hagen pull he arm free . he be frighten . hagen I have not get time . two men suddenly appear on either side of he . sollozzo get in the car . if I want to kill you you would be dead already . trust I . hagen , sick to he stomach , move with he escort , leave we view on the mechanical window gaily bob the story of hansel and gretel . we hear the car door shut , and the car drive off . ext night : radio CITY - phone booth ( winter 1945 ) radio CITY music hall during the Christmas show . kay and michael exit ; tear be still stream down she cheek , and she sniffles , and dry she tear with kleenex . kay nostalgically hum " the bell of Saint Mary 's , " as they walk arm in arm . kay would you like I better if I be a nun ? michael no . kay would you like I better if I be ingrid bergman ? they have pass a little enclose newsstand . kay see something that terrify she . she do not know what to do . michael still walk , think about she question . kay ( a little voice ) Michael ? michael I be think about it . kay Michael ... michael no , I would not like you better if you be ingrid bergman . she can not answer he . Rather she pull he by the arm , back to the newsstand , and point . his face go grave . the headline read : " vito corleone shot , chieftan gunned down . " michael be petrify ; quickly he take each edition , drop a dollar in the tray , and hungrily read through they . kay know to remain silent . michael ( desperately ) they do not say if he 's dead or alive . ext dusk : olive oil CO . ( winter 1945 ) don corleone by the fruit stand ; he be about to move to the car , when two men step from the corner . suddenly , the don drop the bag of fruit and dart with startling quickness toward the park car . don corleone fredo , fredo ! the paper bag have hit the ground , and the fruit begin roll along the sidewalk , as we hear gunshot . five bullet catch the don in the back ; he arch in pain , and continue toward the car . the proprietor of the fruit stand rush for cover , knock over a entire case of fruit . the two gunmen move in quickly , anxious to finish he off . they foot careful to avoid the roll fruit . there be more gunshot . freddie be hysterical ; he try to get out of the car ; have difficulty open the door . he rush out , a gun tremble in he hand ; he mouth open . he actually drop the gun . the gun fall amid the roll fruit . the gunmen be panicked . they fire once more at the down don corleone . his leg and arm twitch where they be hit ; and pool of blood be beginning to form . the gunmen be obviously in a state of panic and confusion ; they disappear around the corner as quickly as they come . the people about the avenue have all but disappear : rather , we catch glimpsis of they , poke they head safely from around corner , inside doorway and arch , and from window . but the street itself be now empty . freddie be in shock ; he look at he father ; now great puddle of blood have form , and the don be lifeless and face down in they . freddie fall back on to the curb and sit there , say something we cannot understand . he begin to weep profusely . int night : subway ( winter 1945 ) luca brasi riding alone on a subway car , late at night . he get off . he emerge at a subway terminal , proceed out . ext nite : night club STREET ( winter 1945 ) luca walk down the late night street . he approach a elegant New York nightclub , whose gaudy neon sign be still winking this late at night . he wait and watch . then the sign go out ; and he proceed into the club . int nite : nightclub ( winter 1945 ) the main floor of the nightclub be very large , with endless glisten wooden floor . now , at this late time , the chair have be stack on the table and a negro janitor be waxing they . a single hat - check girl be count she receipt . luca move past the empty bandstand , and sit at the bar . another man , dark and very well - build , move behind the bar . man Luca ... I be bruno tattaglia . luca I know . luca look up ; and out of the shadow emerge sollozzo . sollozzo do you know who I be ? luca nod . sollozzo you have be talk to the tattaglias . they think we could do business . luca listen . sollozzo I need somebody strong to protect my operation , physically . I have hear you be not happy with you family , you might make a switch . luca if the money be good enough . sollozzo on the first shipment , I can guarantee you fifty thousand dollar . luca look at he ; he have no idea the offer would be so good . sollozzo extend he hand , but luca pretend not to see it , rather , he busy himself put a cigarette in he mouth . bruno tattaglia , behind the bar , make a cigarette lighter magically appear , and hold it to luca 's cigarette . then , he do a odd thing ; he drop the lighter on the bar , and put he hand lightly on luca 's , almost patting it . int nite : sonny'' live room ( winter 1945 ) the telephone in sonny 's house be ringing . he approach it , obviously fresh from a nap . sonny yeah . voice ( o.s. ) do you recognize my voice ? sonny I think so . detective squad ? voice ( o.s. ) right . do not say my name , just listen . somebody shot you father outside he place fifteen minute ago . sonny be he alive ? voice ( o.s. ) I think so , but I can not get close enough . there 's a lot of blood . I will try to find out more . sonny find out anything you can ... you get a Grand come . ( click ) sonny cradle the phone . a incredible rage build up in he , he face actually turn red . he would like to rip the phone to piece in he bare hand . then he control it . quickly , he dial another number . sonny theresa , let I talk to Tom . not yet ? have he call I as soon as he get home . he hang up . sandra ( o.s. ) sonny ? sonny , who be it ? ( she enter the room ) what be it ? sonny ( calmly ) they shot the old man . sandra oh God ... sonny honey ... do not worry . nothing else be go to happen . there be a pounding on the door . a baby start cry . sandra ( really frighten ) sonny ? sonny reach into a cabinet drawer , take out a gun , and move quickly . he open the front door quickly . it be clemenza . he enter , sonny close the door . sandra go to look after the baby . clemenza ( excited ) you hear about you father ? sonny yeah . clemenza the word be out in the street that he 's dead . sonny where the hell be paulie , why be not he with the Don ? clemenza paulie 's be a little sick all winter ... he be home . sonny how many time do he stay home the last couple of month ? clemenza maybe three , four time . I always ask freddie if he want another bodyguard , but he say no . thing have be so smooth the last ten year ... sonny go get paulie , I do not care how sick he be . pick he up yourself , and bring he to my father 's house . clemenza that 's all ? do not you want I to send some people over here ? sonny no , just you and paulie . clemenza leave ; sonny move to sandra , who sit on the couch weep quietly , comforting she baby . sonny a couple of we people will come to stay here . do whatever they say ; I be go over to the main house . if you want I , use pop 's special phone . the telephone ring again . sonny answer it . sonny hello . sollozzo ( o.s. ) santino corleone ? sandra move behind he , anxious to know who it be . sonny indicate that she be quiet . sonny yeah . sollozzo ( o.s. ) we have Tom hagen . in about three hour he will be release with we proposition . do not do anything until you have hear what he have to say . you can only cause a lot of trouble . what 's do be do . ( a pause ) do not lose that famous temper of yours . sonny ( quietly ) I will wait . ext nite : mall ( winter 1945 ) full view of the corleone mall . it be night , but the courtyard be bath with white light from floodlight on the top of all the house . it be very cold . we see the figure of sonny cross the mall , and let himself into the main house . int nite : don's kitchen ( winter 1945 ) sonny walk into the empty , darken house . then he call out . sonny ma ? ma , where be you . the kitchen door swing open . he move quickly and take she by the arm . he be deliberately calm . sonny ma , I just get a call . pop 's hurt ... I do not know how bad . mama ( quietly ) santino ? have they kill he ? sonny ( almost in tear ) we do not know yet , ma. mama I will get dress . in case we can see he ... she move out of the kitchen , and continue upstairs . sonny turn the gas from the pan of pepper she be fry . he take some bread without think , and dip it in the oil , and sloppily eat some of the pepper , as he move into he father 's office . int nite : don's office ( winter 1945 ) he switch the light on in the don 's office . the massive desk dominate the room . sonny move quickly to the telephone , pull a small chair to the side of the desk , and dial a number . sonny tessio ... this be santino corleone . I want fifty reliable man out here . tessio ( o.s. ) I hear , sonny ... but what about clemenza 's regime ? sonny I do not want to use clemenza 's people right now . understood ? he hang up . he move quickly to a wall safe ; operate the dial , and remove a small notebook . he take it back to the desk , and run over the list of number with he forefinger . we follow the name , until the finger stop at one : luca brasi . sonny dial the number . there be no answer . sonny Luca . int nite : build ( winter 1945 ) the interior of a abandon building . several men in suit and tie sit around in the booth . hagen sit in one : sollozzo sit across from he . sollozzo I know you be not in the muscle end of the family -- so I do not want you to be afraid . I want you to help the corleone and I want you to help I . hagen 's hand be tremble as he try to put a cigarette in he mouth . one of the button men bring a bottle of rye to the table , and pour a little into a delicate , flower china cup . hagen sip gratefully . sollozzo you boss be dead ... hagen be overwhelm : actual tear spring to he eye . sollozzo pause respectfully . sollozzo ( push the bottle ) have some more . we get he outside he office , just before I pick you up . you have to make the peace between I and santino . hagen still be focus on the grief of lose the old man . sollozzo sonny be hot for my deal , right ? you know it 's the smart thing to do , too . I want you to talk sonny into it . hagen ( pull himself together ) sonny will come after you with everything he 's get . sollozzo rise , impatiently . sollozzo that 's go to be he first reaction . you have to talk some sense into he . the tattaglia family stand behind I with all they people . the other New York families will go along with anything that prevent a full scale war . he lean close to hagen . sollozzo the Don be slip ; in the old day I could never have get to he . now he 's dead , nothing can bring he back . talk to sonny , talk to the caporegime , clemenza and tessio ... it 's good business . hagen even sonny will not be able to call off Luca brasi . sollozzo I will worry about Luca . you take care of sonny and the other two kid . hagen I will try ... it 's what the Don would want we to do . sollozzo ( lift he hand in a expression of harmlessness ) good ... then you can go ... ( he escort he to the door ) I do not like violence . I be a businessman , and blood be a big expense . he open the door ; they step out together . ext nite : build hagen , sollozzo exit . but a car pull up , and one of sollozzo' men rush out . he indicate with some urgency that he want to talk to sollozzo in private . then sollozzo move with a grave expression . he open the door , indicate that hagen should be lead back in . sollozzo the old man be still alive . five bullet in he sicilian hide and he 's still alive . ( he give a fatalistic shrug ) bad luck for I , bad luck for you . ext nite : mall ( winter 1945 ) michael drive during the night . there be a little fog in the air , and moisture have form on the windshield , make it difficult to see well . the wiper move across the view , as the gate of the corleone mall appear before we , still decorate for Christmas . the courtyard be bath with white floodlight , give this place a cold and isolate look . the narrow entrance mouth of the mall be seal off with a link chain . there be strange car park along the curving cement walk . several men be congregate about the gate and chain ; one of they approach michael 's car . man who be you ? another peek he ugly face almost right up to michael , and then turn . man 2 it 's the Don 's kid ; take the car , I will bring he inside . the first man open the car door , and michael step out . int nite : hall ( winter 1945 ) the hallway of the main house be fill with men michael do not recognize . they pay little attention to he . most of they be wait ; sit uncomfortably ; no one be talk . int nite : don's live room ( winter 1945 ) michael move into the live room ; there be a Christmas tree , and countless greeting card tape to the wall . theresa hagen be sit stiffly on the sofa , smoking a cigarette ; on the coffee table in front of she be a water glass half fill with whiskey . on the other side of the sofa sit clemenza ; he face be impassive , but he be sweat , and the cigar in he hand glisten slickly black with he saliva . paulie gatto sit tensely and alone on the other side of the room . clemenza see michael , look up at he . clemenza you mother 's at the hospital with the old man : he 's gonna pull through . michael nod he relief . michael thanks . he move to theresa . michael ( gently ) you hear from Tom yet ? without look up , she cling to he for a moment , and tremble . occasionally , strange men will cross through the room ; everyone speak in a whisper . michael ( take she hand ) c'mon . he lead she into he father 's office without knock . int nite : don's office ( winter 1945 ) sonny and tessio be huddle around a yellow pad . they look up , startle . sonny do not worry , theresa ; they just want to give Tom the proposition , then they be go to turn he loose . he reassuringly hug theresa , and then to michael 's surprise , he kiss he on the cheek . sonny I be worried when we could not get in touch with you in that hick town . michael how 's Mom ? sonny good . she 's be through it before . I too . you be too young to know about it . you better wait outside ; there be some thing you should not hear . michael I can help you out ... sonny oh no you can not , the old man' be sore as hell if I let you get mix up in this . michael Jesus Christ , he 's my father , sonny . sonny theresa . she understand , and leave they alone . sonny all right , mikey ... who do we have to hit , clemenza or paulie ? michael what ? sonny one of they finger the old man . michael do not realize that the man wait outside be on trial for they life . michael clemenza ? no , I do not believe it . sonny you be right , kid , clemenza be okay . it be paulie . michael how can you be sure ? sonny on the three day paulie be sick this month , he get call from a payphone across from the old man 's building . we get people in the phone company . ( he shrug ) thank God it be paulie ... we will need clemenza bad . michael be just realize the gravity and extent of the situation . michael be it go to be all - out war , like last time ? sonny until the old man tell I different . michael then wait , sonny . talk to pop. sonny sollozzo be a dead man , I do not care what it cost . I do not care if we have to fight all the five family in New York . the tattaglia family 's go to eat dirt . I do not care if we all go down together . michael ( softly ) that 's not how pop would have play it . sonny I know I be not the man he be . but I will tell you this and he will tell you too . when it come to real action , I can operate as good as anybody short range . michael ( calmly ) all right , sonny . all right . sonny Christ , if I could only contact Luca . michael be it like they say ? be he that good ? outside , we hear theresa cry out , almost a scream of relief . then open the door and rush out . everyone be stand : in the doorway , tom hagen be wrap in a tight embrace with he wife . hagen if I plead before the Supreme Court , I will never do better than I do tonight with that Turk . ext nite : mall , featuring don's house ( winter 1945 ) the window of the main house be dark except for the don 's study . it stand out against the cold , dark night . int nite : don's live room ( winter 1945 ) the live room be empty , save for paulie gatto sit on the edge of the sofa . the clock read : 4:00 a.m. int nite : don's office ( winter 1945 ) sonny , michael , hagen , clemenza and tessio ; all exhaust , in shirtsleeve , about to fall asleep . it be four in the morning ; there be evidence of many cup of coffee and many snack . they can barely talk anymore . hagen be the hospital cover ? sonny the cop have it lock in and I get my people there visit pop all the time . what about the hit list . hagen widen he sleepy eye , and look at the yellow pad . hagen too much , too far , too personal . the Don would consider this all purely a business dispute : get rid of sollozzo , and everything fall in line . you do not have to go after the tattaglias . clemenza nod . hagen what about Luca ? sollozzo do not seem worried about Luca . that worry I . sonny if Luca sell out we be in real trouble . hagen have anyone be able to get in touch with he ? sonny no , and I have be call all night . maybe he 's shack up . hagen Luca never sleep over with a broad . he always go home when he 's through . Mike , keep ringing Luca 's number . michael , very tired , pick up the phone , and dial the number once again . he can hear the phone ringing on the other end but no one answer . then hang up . hagen keep try every fifteen minute . ( exhaust ) sonny Tom , you be the consigliere , what do we do if the old man die ? hagen without you father 's political contact and personal influence , the corleone family lose half its strength . without you father , the other New York family might wind up support sollozzo , and the tattaglias just to make sure there be not a long destructive war . the old day be over , this be 1946 ; nobody want bloodsh anymore . if you father die ... make the deal , sonny . sonny ( angry ) that 's easy to say ; it 's not you father . hagen ( quietly ) I be as good a son to he as you or Mike . sonny oh Christ Tom , I do not mean it that way . hagen we be all tired ... sonny ok , we sit tight until the old man can give we the lead . but Tom , I want you to stay inside the mall . you too , Mike , no chance . tessio , you hold you people in reserve , but have they nose around the city . the hospital be yours ; I want it tight , fool - proof , 24 hour a day . there be a timid knock on the door . sonny what be it ? paulie gatto look in . clemenza I tol ' you to stay put , paulie ... paulie the guy at the gate 's outside ... say there 's a package ... sonny tessio , see what it be . tessio get up , leave . paulie you want I to hang around ? sonny yeah . hang around . paulie outside ? clemenza outside . paulie sure . he close the door . sonny clemenza . you take care of paulie . I do not ever want to see he again . understood ? clemenza understood . sonny okay , now you can move you man into the mall , replace tessio 's people . Mike , tomorrow you take a couple of clemenza 's people and go to Luca 's apartment and wait for he to show . that crazy bastard might be go after sollozzo right now if he 's hear the news . hagen maybe Mike should not get mix up in this so directly . you know the old man do not want that . sonny ok forget it , just stay on the phone . michael be embarrassed to be so protect . he dial Luca brasi 's number once again . the ring repeat , but no one answer . tessio come back , carry Luca brasi 's bullet - proof vest in he hand . he unwrap it ; there be a large fish wrap inside . clemenza a sicilian message : Luca brasi sleep with the fish . int . nite : nightclub ( winter 1945 ) luca sit at the bar of the tattaglia nightclub , as we remember he . bruno tattaglia have just pat he hand . luca look up at he . then sollozzo pat the other hand , almost affectionately . luca be just about to twist he hand away , when they both clamp down as hard as they can . suddenly , a garrote be throw around he neck , and pull violently tight . his face begin to turn to purple blotches , and then totally purple , right before we eye ; he tongue hang out , in a far more extreme way than a normal tongue could . his eye bulge . one of the men look down at he in disgust as luca 's strength leave he . bruno ( make a ugly face ) oh Christ ... all over the floor . sollozzo let luca 's hand go with a victorious smile on he face . luca fall to the floor . sollozzo the godfather be next . ----------------------------------------FADE out -------- fade in : ext day : clemenza's house ( winter 1945 ) Morning in a simple Brooklyn suburb . there be row of pleasant house ; driveway after driveway , down the block . a dark , somber young man of thirty - one or two walk with a noticeable limp down the sidewalk , and ring the bell . this be rocco lampone . the woman of the house , mrs . clemenza , talk to he through the screen door , and then point to the side of the house . rocco move to the garage , which be specially heat , and in which clemenza be busy at work wash a shiny brand new lincoln . lampone admire the car . lampone Nice . clemenza crazy Detroit deliver it with a wooden bumper . they be go to send I the chrome bumper in a couple month . I wait two year for this car to come with wooden bumper ! he scrub and polish with great affection . clemenza today you make you bone on paulie . you understand everything ? lampone sure . as he scrub around the glove compartment , he open it , unwrap a gun and give it to lampone . clemenza .22 soft -nose load . accurate up to five foot . lampone expertly put the gun away . gatto 's car pull into the driveway , and he sound the horn . the two man walk to the car . gatto be drive , a bit nervous , like he do not know what be up . lampone get in the rear seat ; clemenza in the front , make a grunt of recognition . he look at he wristwatch , as though want to chide paulie for be late . paulie flinch a little when he see lampone will ride behind he ; he half turn : paulie rocco , sit on the other side . a big guy like you block my rearview mirror . clemenza turn sourly to paulie . clemenza goddamn sonny . he 's run scared . he 's already think of go to the mattress . we have to find a place on the West side . paulie , you know a good location ? paulie relax a bit ; he think he 's off any possible hook he be on . also there 's the money he can make by sell sollozzo any secret location . paulie I will think about it . clemenza ( grunt ) drive while you think ; I wanna get to the City this month ! the car pull out . ext day : paulie' car - on road ( winter 1945 ) Inside paulie drive ; and clemenza sit in a grump . our view do not show lampone in the rear seat . ext day : paulie' car at tunnel ( winter 1945 ) the car cross to the Midtown tunnel in the late Winter light . int day : paulie' car in tunnel ( winter 1945 ) Inside the tunnel ; gatto do not like not see lampone . he try to adjust he rearview mirror to catch a glimpse of he . clemenza pay attention ! ext day : paulie' car at mattress ( winter 1945 ) the car be park in the City . paulie come down from a available apartment and get back into the car . paulie good for ten man ... clemenza ok , go to Arthur Avenue ; I be suppose to call when I find somethin' . the car pull off . ext day : restaurant ( winter 1945 ) New part of the city ; the car pull up in a parking lot . clemenza get out , glance at lampone , then to paulie . clemenza you wait ; I will call . he walk , tucking he shirt into he pants , around the corner and enter the luna Restaurant . int day : restaurant ( winter 1945 ) clemenza enter the little restaurant , sit down at a table . the waiter know he ; immediately put a bottle of wine , some bread -- and then a plate of veal on he table . he eat . ext day : restaurant ( winter 1945 ) clemenza exit the restaurant , belch , adjust he pants ; he be well feed . we move with he around the corner , not know what to expect have happen to paulie . there be the car ; paulie be still sit behind the wheel , lampone in the rear seat . clemenza step in . clemenza he talk my ear off . want we to go back to Long Beach ; have another job for we . rocco , you live in the City , can we drop you off ? lampone ( o.s. ) ah , I leave my car at you place . clemenza ok , then you gotta come back . the car pull out . by now , paulie be completely relaxed and secure . paulie you think we will go for that last place ? clemenza maybe , or you gotta know now . paulie Holy cow , I do not gotta know nothing . ext day : paulie' car on causeway ( winter 1945 ) the car move along the ready beach area of the causeway . Inside , clemenza turn to paulie . clemenza paulie , pull over . I gotta take a leak . the car pull off the causeway , into the reed . clemenza step out of the car , our view moving with he . he turn he back three quarter from we ( we can no longer see the car ) , unzip , and we hear the sound of urine hit the ground . we wait on this for a moment ; and then there be two gunshot . clemenza finish he leak , zip up and turn , move back to the car . paulie be dead , bleed from the mouth ; the window behind he be shattered . clemenza leave the gun . lampone get out , the two man walk through the reed a few foot where there be another car . they get in , and drive off . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- ext day : mall ( winter 1945 ) high angle of the mall . it be late afternoon . many strange car be park on the nearby street . we can see the group of button men , station here and there , obviously sentries with conceal weapon . michael walk along in the rear yard . he be bundle in a warm marine coat . he look at the strange man , regard they with a uncertain awe . they look back at he , at first suspiciously and then with the respect of he position . he be like a exile Prince . he wander past they , and hesitates and look at the yard . a rusted set of garden swing ; and other home playground equipment . the basketball ring now half come off . this be where he be a child . then a shout . clemenza ( o.s. ) Mike . hey mikey ; telephone . clemenza have shout from the kitchen window . michael hurry into the house . int day : don's kitchen ( winter 1945 ) clemenza be in the kitchen , cooking over a enormous pot . he point to the kitchen wall phone which be hang off the hook . clemenza some dame . michael pick it up . michael hello . Kay ? kay ( o.s. ) how be you father ? michael he will be ok . kay ( o.s. ) ( pause ) I love you . he glance at the thug in the kitchen . tries to shield the phone . kay ( o.s. ) I love you . michael yeah Kay , I be here . kay ( o.s. ) can you say it ? michael huh ? kay ( o.s. ) tell I you love I . michael glance at the hood at the kitchen table . he curl up in a corner , and in a quarter voice : michael I can not ... kay ( o.s. ) please say it . michael look . I will see you tonight , ok ? kay ( o.s. ) ok. ( click ) clemenza be get ready to build a tomato sauce for all the button man station around the house . clemenza how come you do not tell that nice girl you love she ... here , learn something ... you may have to feed fifty guy some day . you start with olive oil ... fry some garlic , see . and then fry some sausage ... or meat ball if you like ... then you throw in the tomato , the tomato paste ... some basil ; and a little red wine ... that 's my trick . sonny peek into the kitchen ; see clemenza . sonny you take care of paulie ? clemenza you will not see paulie anymore . he 's sick for good this winter . michael start to leave . sonny where be you go ? michael to the city . sonny ( to clemenza ; dip bread into the sauce ) send some bodyguard . michael I do not need they , sonny . I be just go to see pop in the hospital . also , I get other thing . clemenza sollozzo know Mike 's a civilian . sonny ok , but be careful . ext nite : car michael sit in the rear seat , calmly , as he be be drive into the city . three buttonmen be crowded into the front seat . int nite : HOTEL lobby michael cross the lobby , past line of serviceman try to book room . int nite : HOTEL michael and kay eat a quiet dinner at the hotel . he be preoccupy , she 's concerned . michael visit hour end at eight thirty . I will just sit with he ; I want to show respect . kay can I go to the hospital with you ? michael I do not think so . you do not want to end up on page 3 of the Daily News . kay my parent do not read the Daily News . all right , if you think I should not . I can not believe the thing the papers be printing . I be sure most of it 's not true . michael I do not think so either . ( silence ) I better go . kay when will I see you again ? michael I want you to go back to New Hampshire ... think thing over . he lean over she ; kiss she . kay when will I see you again ? michael Goodbye . quietly , he move out the door . kay lie on the bed a while , and then , to herself : kay Goodbye . ext nite : don's hospital ( winter 1945 ) a taxi pull up in front of a hospital , mark clearly with a neon sign " hospital --emergency . " michael step out , pay the fare ... and then stop dead in he track . michael look . he see the hospital in the night ; but it be desert . he be the only one on the street . there be gay , twinkle Christmas decoration all over the building . he walk , slowly at first , and then ever so quickly , up the step . he hesitates , look around . this area be empty . he check the address on a scrap of paper . it be correct . he try the door , it be empty . he walk in . int nite : hospital lobby ( winter 1945 ) michael stand in the center of a absolutely empty hospital lobby . he look to the right ; there be a long , empty corridor . to the leave : the same . high full angle , as michael walk through the desolate building light by eerie green neon lighting . all we hear be he sole footstep . he walk up to a desk mark " information " . no one be there . he move quickly to a door mark " office " ; swing into it ; no one be there . he look onto the desk : there be half a sandwich , and a half - fill bottle of coke . michael hello ? hello ? now he know something be happen , he move quickly , alertly . michael walk down the hospital corridor ; all alone . the floor have just be mop . they be still wet . int nite : hospital stair now he turn onto a staircase ; ever quicken ; up several flight . int nite : 4th floor corridor he step out onto the fourth floor . he look . there be merely empty corridor . he take out he scrap of paper ; check it . " room 4a . " now he hurry , try to follow the code of hospital room ; follow the right arrow , quick and quick they flash by he . now he stop , look up " 4a - - corleone " . there be a special card table set up there with some magazine ... and some smoking cigarettes still in the ashtray -- but no detective , no police , no bodyguard . int nite : don's room 4a slowly he push the door open , almost afraid at what he will find . he look . lit by the moonlight through the window , he can see a figure in the hospital bed alone in the room , and under a transparent oxygen tent . all that can be hear be the steady though strain breathe . slowly michael walk up to it , and be relieved to see he father , securely asleep . tube hang from a steel gallow beside the bed , and run to he nose and mouth . voice ( o.s. ) what be you do here ? this startles michael ; who almost jump around . it be a nurse light from the light behind she in the hallway . nurse you be not suppose to be here now . michael calm himself , and move to she . michael I be Michael corleone -- this be my father . what happen to the detective who be guard he ? nurse oh you father just have too many visitor . it interfered with the hospital service . the police come and make they all leave just ten minute ago . ( comfortingly ) but do not worry . I look in on he . michael you just stand here one minute ... quickly he move to the telephone , dial a number . michael sonny ... sonny -- Jesus Christ , I be down at the hospital . I come down late . there 's no one here . none of tessio 's people -- no detective , no one . the old man be completely unprotect . sonny ( o.s. ) all right , get he in a different room ; lock the door from the inside . I will have some man there inside of fifteen minute . sit tight , and do not panic . michael ( furiously , but keep inside ) I will not panic . he hang up ; return to the nurse ... nurse you can not stay here ... I be sorry . michael ( coldly ) you and I be go to move my father right now ... to another room on another floor ... can you disconnect that tube so we can wheel the bed out ? nurse absolutely not ! we have to get permission from the Doctor . michael you have read about my father in the papers . you have see that no one 's here to guard he . now I have just get word that man be come to this hospital to kill he . believe I and help I . nurse ( frighten ) we do not have to disconnect they , we can wheel the stand with the bed . she do so ... and they perform the very difficult task of move the bed and the apparatus , out of the room . int nite : 4th floor hospital ( winter 1945 ) they roll the bed , the stand , and all the tube silently down the corridor . we hear footstep come up the stair . michael hear they , stop . michael hurry , into there . they push it into the first available room . michael peek out from the door . the footstep be louder ; then they emerge . it be enzo , nazorine 's helper , carry a bouquet of flower . michael ( step out ) who be it ? enzo Michael ... do you remember I , enzo , the baker 's helper to nazorine , now he son-in- law . michael enzo , get out of here . there 's go to be trouble . a look of fear sweep through enzo 's face . enzo if there ... will be trouble ... I stay with you , to help . I owe it to the godfather . michael think , realize he need all the help he can get . michael go outside ; stand in front ... I will be out in a minute . int nite : don's second hospital room ( winter 1945 ) they part . michael move into the hospital room where they put he father . nurse ( frighten ) he 's awake . michael look at the old man , he eye be open , though he can not speak . michael touch he face tenderly . michael pop ... pop , it 's I Michael . shhhh , do not try to speak . there be man who be come to try to kill you . but I be with you ... I be with you now ... the old man try to speak ... but cannot . michael tenderly put he finger to he father 's lip . ext nite : don's hospital STREET ( winter 1945 ) outside the hospital be empty save for a nervous enzo , pace back and forth brandishly the flower as he only weapon . michael exit the hospital and move to he . they both stand under a lamppost in the cold December night . they be both frighten ; michael give enzo a cigarette , light it . enzo 's hand be tremble , michael 's be not . michael get rid of that and look like you have get a gun in you pocket . the window of the hospital twinkle with Christmas decoration . michael listen ... we hear the sound of a single automobile come . michael and enzo look with fear in they eye . then michael take the bouquet of flower and stuff they under he jacket . they stand , hand in they pocket . a long low black car turn the corner and cruise by they . michael 's and enzo 's face be tough , impassive . the car seem as though it will stop ; and then quickly accelerate . michael and enzo be relieved . michael look down ; the baker 's hand be shaking . he look at he own , and they be not . another moment go by and we can hear the distant sound of police siren . they be clearly come toward the hospital , get louder and louder . michael heave a sigh of relief . in a second , a patrol car make a scream turn in front of the hospital ; then two more squad car follow with uniform police and detective . he smile he relief and start toward they . two huge , burly policemen suddenly grab he arm while another frisk he . a massive police captain , spatter with gold braid and scramble egg on he hat , with beefy red face and white hair seem furious . this be mccluskey . mccluskey I think I get all you guinea hood lock up . who the hell be you and what be you do here ? another cop stand nearby : cop he 's clean , Captain . michael study mccluskey closely . michael ( quietly ) what happen to the detective who be suppose to be guard my father ? mccluskey ( furious ) you punk-hood . who the hell be you to tell I my business . I pull they off . I do not care how many dago gangster kill each other . I would not lift a finger to keep you old man from get knock off . now get the hell out of here ; get off this street you punk , and stay away from this hospital . michael stand quiet . michael I will stay until you put guard around my father 's room . mccluskey phil , lock this punk up . a detective the kid 's clean , Captain ... he 's a war hero , and he 's never be mix up in the racket ... mccluskey ( furious ) goddam it , I say lock he up . put the cuff on he . michael ( deliberately , right to mccluskey 's face , as he 's be handcuff ) how much be the Turk pay you to set my father up , Captain ? without any warning , mccluskey lean back and hit michael squarely on the jaw with all he weight and strength . michael groan , and lift he hand to he jaw . he look at mccluskey ; we be he view and everything go spin , and he fall to the ground , just as we see hagen and clemenza's men arrive . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- ext day : mall ( winter 1945 ) high angle view of the corleone mall . the gateway now have a long black car block it . there be more button men station more formally ; and some of they visibly carry rifle ; that of the house close to the courtyard have men stand by open window . it be clear that the war be escalate . a car pull up and out get clemenza , lampone , michael and hagen . michael 's jaw be wire and bandage . he stop and look up at the open window . we can see men hold rifle . michael Christ , sonny really mean business . they continue walk . tessio join they . the various bodyguard make no acknowledgment . clemenza how come all the new man ? tessio we will need they now . after the hospital incident , sonny get mad . we hit bruno tattaglia four o'clock this morning . int day : don's hallway they enter the house past the score of new and strange face . int day : don's office ( winter 1945 ) sonny be in the don 's office ; he be excited and exuberant . sonny I have get a hundred button man on the street twenty - four hour a day . if sollozzo show one hair on he ass he 's dead . he see michael , and hold he bandage face in he hand , kiddingly . sonny mikey , you look beautiful ! michael cut it out . sonny the Turk want to talk ! the nerve of that son of a bitch ! after he crap out last night he want a meet . hagen be there a definite proposal ? sonny sure , he want we to send Mike to meet he to hear he proposition . the promise be the deal will be so good we can not refuse . hagen what about that tattaglias ? what will they do about bruno ? sonny part of the deal : bruno cancel out what they do to my father . hagen we should hear what they have to say . sonny no , no consiglere . not this time . no more meeting , no more discussion , no more sollozzo trick . give they one message : I want sollozzo . if not , it 's all out war . we go to the mattress and we put all the button man out on the street . hagen the other family will not sit still for all out war . sonny then they hand I sollozzo . hagen come on sonny , you father would not want to hear this . this be not a personal thing , this be Business . sonny and when they shot I father ... hagen yes , even the shoot of you father be business , not personal ... sonny no no , no more advice on how to patch it up Tom . you just help I win . understood ? hagen bow he head ; he be deeply concerned . hagen I find out about this Captain mccluskey who break Mike 's jaw . he 's definitely on sollozzo 's payroll , and for big money . mccluskey 's agree to be the Turk 's bodyguard . what you have to understand be that while sollozzo be guard like this , he 's invulnerable . nobody have ever gun down a New York Police Captain . never . it would be disastrous . all the five family would come after you sonny ; the corleone family would be outcast ; even the old man 's political protection would run for cover . so just ... take that into consideration . sonny ( still fume ) mccluskey can not stay with the Turk forever . we will wait . michael we can not wait . no matter what sollozzo say about a deal , he 's figure out how to kill pop . you have to get sollozzo now . sonny the kid 's right . hagen what about mccluskey ? michael let 's say now that we have to kill mccluskey . we will clear that up through we newspaper contact later . sonny go on Mike . michael they want I to go to the conference with sollozzo . set up the meeting for two day from now . sonny , get we informer to find out where the meeting will be hold . insist it have to be a public place : a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour . so I will feel safe . they will check I when I meet they so I will not be able to carry a weapon ; but clemenza , figure out a way to have one plant there for I . ( pause ) then I will kill they both . everyone in the room be astonished ; they all look at michael . silence . sonny suddenly break out in laughter . he point a finger at michael , try to speak . sonny you ? you , the high -class college kid . you never want to get mix up in the family business . now you wanta gun down a police Captain and the Turk just because you get slap in the face . you be take it personal , it 's just business and he 's take it personal . now clemenza and tessio be also smile ; only hagen keep he face serious . michael ( angrily , but cold ) sonny , it 's all personal , and I learn it from he , the old man , the godfather . he take my join the Marines personal . I take sollozzo try to kill my father personal , and you know I will kill they sonny . michael radiate danger ... sonny stop laugh . int day : clemenza's cellar ( winter 1945 ) close on a revolver . clemenza ( o.s. ) it 's as cold as they come , impossible to trace . ( he turn it upside down ) do not worry about print Mike , I put a special tape on the trigger and butt . here . ( he hand the gun to another pair of hand ) whatsamatter ? trigger too tight . ( it fire : very loud ) I leave it noisy , so it will scare any pain - in - the-neck innocent bystander away . michael be alone with clemenza in a cellar workshop . clemenza just let you hand drop to you side , and let the gun slip out . everybody will still think you get it . they will be starin ' at you face , see ? then walk out of the place real fast , but do not run . do not look anybody directly in the eye , but do not look away from they neither . hey , they will be scared stiff of you , believe I . nobody 's gonna bother with you . do not worry about nothing ; you would be surprised how good this thing go . o.k. , put you hat on , let 's see how you look . help with identification . they put the hat on ; clemenza adjust it . clemenza mostly it give witness a excuse to change they identification when we make they see the light . then you take a long vacation and we catch the hell . michael how bad will it be ? clemenza probably all the other family will line up against we . but , it 's alright . this thing have to happen once every ten year or so ... get rid of the bad blood . you gotta stop them at the beginning . like they shoulda stop Hitler at munich , they shoulda never let he get away with that , they be just ask for big trouble ... int day : don be hall & live room ( winter 1945 ) michael step into the foyer of the main house . a card table be set up with a man play card with three of the corleone buttonman . he continue into the live room . it 's a mess . sonny asleep on the sofa . on the coffee table be the remain of a take - out chinese food dinner , and a half - empty bottle of whisky . the radio be play . michael why do not you stop live like a bum and get this place clean up . sonny what be you , inspect the barrack ? ( sonny sit up with he head in he hand ) you ready ? do clemenza tell you be sure to drop the gun right away ? michael a million time . sonny sollozzo and mccluskey be go to pick you up in a hour and a half on Times Square , under the big camel sign . hagen we do not let Mike go until we have the hostage , sonny . clemenza it 's okay ... the hostage be outside play pinochle with three of my man . the phone ring in the don 's office . sonny that could be a tattaglia informer with the meeting place . int day : don's office ( winter 1945 ) hagen have hurried into the de to get the phone ; the other move in . hagen 's on the phone ; he write something down . sonny one of tattaglia 's people ? hagen no . we informer in mccluskey 's precinct . tonight at 8:00 he sign out for Louis ' Restaurant in the bronx . anyone know it . tessio sure , I do . it 's perfect for we . a small family place with big booth where people can talk in private . good food . everybody mind they business . perfect . ( he move to the desk and make a crude draw ) this be the entrance , Mike . when you finish just walk out and turn leave , then turn the corner . clemenza , you gotta work fast to plant the gun . they get a old - fashioned toilet with a space between the water container and the wall . we can tape the gun behind there . clemenza Mike , they be gonna frisk you in the car . you will be clean so they will not worry ' bout nothing . in the restaurant , wait and talk a while , and then ask permission to go . see ? then when you come out , do not waste time ; do not sit down ... you come out blast . and do not take chance . in the head , two shot apiece . and out as fast as you leg can move . sonny I want somebody very good , very safe to plant that gun . I do not want my brother come out of that toilet with just he dick in he hand . clemenza the gun will be there . sonny ( to michael , warmly ) you be on , kid ... I will square it with Mom you not see she before you leave . and I will get a message to you girl friend when I think the time be right . clemenza we gotta move ... michael o.k . how long do you think before I can come back ? sonny probably a year ... hagen ( start to crack ) Jesus , I do not know ... sonny can you do it Mike ? michael move out . ext nite : camel sign ( winter 1945 ) the enormous " camel " sign , puffing smoke , below it stand michael , dress in a warm overcoat , and wear the hat clemenza have give he . a long black car pull around the corner and slow before he . the driver , lean over , open the front door . driver get in , Mike . he do , the car drive off . ext nite : sollozzo' car ( winter 1945 ) Inside the car , sollozzo reach he hand over the back seat and shake mike 's hand . sollozzo I be glad you come , Mike . I hope we can straighten everything out . all this be terrible , it 's not the way I want thing to happen at all . it should never have happen . michael I want to settle thing tonight . I want my father leave alone . sollozzo he will not be ; I swear to you be my child he will not be . just keep a open mind when we talk . I hope you be not a hothead like you brother , sonny . it 's impossible to talk business with he . mccluskey grunt . mccluskey he 's a good kid . he 's all right . turn around , up on you knee , face I . he give michael a thorough frisk . mccluskey I be sorry about the other night Mike . I be get too old for my job , too grouchy . can not stand the aggravation . you know how it be . he 's clean . ext nite : sollozzo' car - west side highway ( winter 1945 ) michael look at the driver and then ahead to see where they be head . the car take the George Washington Bridge . michael be concerned . michael we be go to New Jersey ? sollozzo ( sly ) maybe . michael close he eye . ext nite : sollozzo' car on g.w. bridge ( winter 1945 ) the car speed along the George Washington Bridge on its way to New Jersey . then suddenly it hit the divider , temporarily lift into the air , and bounce over into the lane go back to New York . it then hit it very fast , on the way back to the city . ext nite : sollozzo' car ( winter 1945 ) sollozzo check to see the car that have be follow , and then lean to the driver . sollozzo Nice work ; I will remember it . michael be relieved . ext nite : luna azura restaurant ( winter 1945 ) the car pull up in front of a little family restaurant in the bronx : the " luna azura " . there be no one on the street . michael look to see if the driver be go to get out with they . he get out , and open the door . sollozzo , mccluskey and michael get out ; the driver remain lean against the car . they enter the restaurant . int nite : luna azura ( winter 1945 ) a very small family restaurant with a mosaic tile floor . sollozzo , michael and mccluskey sit around a rather small round table near the center of the room . there be empty booth along the side wall ; with a handful of customer , and one or two waiter . it be very quiet . mccluskey be the italian food good here ? sollozzo try the veal ; it 's the finest in New York . the solitary waiter bring a bottle of wine to the table . they watch he silently as he uncork it and pour three glass . then , when he leave , sollozzo turn to mccluskey : sollozzo I be go to talk italian to Mike . mccluskey sure , you two go right ahead ; I will concentrate on my veal and my spaghetti . sollozzo now begin in rapid sicilian . michael listen carefully and nodd every so often . then michael answer in sicilian , and sollozzo go on . the waiter occasionally bring food ; and they hesitate while he be there ; then go on . then michael , have difficulty express himself in italian , accidentally lapse into English . michael ( use English for emphasis ) most important ... I want a sure guarantee that no more attempt will be make on my father 's life . sollozzo what guarantee can I give you ? I be the hunt one . I have miss my chance . you think too highly of I , my friend ... I be not so clever ... all I want if a truce ... michael look long and hard at sollozzo , who be smile hold he open hand up as if to say : " I have no trick up my sleeve " . then he look away and make a distress look on he face . sollozzo what be it ? michael be it all right if I go to the bathroom ? sollozzo be intuitively suspicious . he study michael with he dark eye . then he thrust he hand onto michael 's thigh feel in and around , search for a weapon . mccluskey I frisk he ; I have frisk thousand of young punk ; he 's clean . he look at a man sit at a table opposite they ; indicate the bathroom with he eye . the man nod , indicate no one be there . sollozzo do not take too long . michael get up and calmly walk to the bathroom , and disappear inside . int nite : luna azura toilet ( winter 1945 ) michael step into the small bathroom ; he be breathe very hard . he actually use the urinal . then he wash he hand with the bar of pink soap ; and dry they thoroughly . then he move to the booth , up to the old - fashioned toilet . slowly he reach behind the water tank ; he panic when he can not feel the gun . we see behind the tank he hand be just a few inch from the gun ... he grope searchingly ... finally come to rest on the gun . close on michael ; the feel of it reassure he . then he break it loose from the tape hold it ; he take a deep breath and shove it under he waistband . for some unexplainable reason he hesitates once again , deliberately wash he hand and dry they . then he go out . int nite : luna azura ( winter 1945 ) he hesitates by the bathroom door ; and look at he table . mccluskey be eat a plate of spaghetti and veal . sollozzo turn around upon hearing the door , and look directly at michael . michael look back . then he smile and continue back to the table . he sit down . michael now I can talk . I feel much better . the man by the far wall have be stiff with attention ; now he too relax . sollozzo lean toward michael who sit down comfortably and he hand move under the table and unbutton he jacket . sollozzo begin to speak in sicilian once again but michael 's heart be pound so hard he can barely hear he . the waiter come to ask about the order , sollozzo turn to speak , and without warning , michael shove the table away from he with he leave hand , and with he right hand put the gun right against sollozzo 's head , just touch he temple . he pull the trigger , and we see part of sollozzo 's head blow away , and a spray of fine mist of blood cover the entire area . the waiter look in amazement ; suddenly he white jacket be spray and stain with blood . sollozzo seem in a perpetual fall to the floor ; through he seem to hang in space suspend . michael pivot , and look : there be mccluskey , freeze , the fork with a piece of veal suspend in air before he gape mouth . michael fire ; catch mccluskey in he thick bulg throat . he make a horrible , gag , choke sound . then coolly , and deliberately , michael fire again , fire right through mccluskey 's white - top skull . the air be fill with pink mist . michael swing toward the man stand by the bathroom wall . he do not make a move , seemingly paralyze . now he carefully show he hand to be empty . the waiter step backward through the mist of blood , a expression of horror on he face . michael look at he two victim : sollozzo still in he chair , side of he body propped up by the table . mccluskey finally fall from the chair to the table . michael be wildly at a peak . he start to move out . his hand : be freeze by he side , still gripping the gun . he move , not let the gun go . michael 's face ; freeze in its expression . his hand : still hold the gun . his face : finally he close he eye . his hand relax , the gun fall to the floor with a dull thud . he walk quickly out of the restaurant , look back . he see a freeze tableau of the murder ; as though it have be recreate in wax . then he leave . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- fade in : int day : mattress ( winter 1945 ) a man be he shirtsleeve play a sentimental tune on a old upright piano , while he cigarette burn on the edge . another stand nearby , listen quietly . a little distance away , ten men sit around a crude table , quietly eat . they talk in low , relaxed voice , and there be a occasional laugh . rocco lampone stand by a window , which have be cover with a heavy - mesh wire grate , gaze out . a large bowl of pasta be pass , and the men eat heartily . the sentimental tune be continue over the follow : int day : body in car ( winter 1945 ) a man and a woman , blood come out of they nose , lie still together in a bullet- riddled automobile . int day : body in barber shop ( winter 1945 ) a man be cover by a sheet on the floor of a barber shop . int day : mattress ten mattress be spread out around the otherwise empty live room of a apartment . three or four men include clemenza , be take nap . a arsenal of hand gun be spread out on a card table . the men at the table continue they dinner ; pass and pour the wine . trash be throw in 2 or 3 garbage can keep in the apartment . int day : body in office ( winter 1945 ) a man , he clothes soak in blood , lie on the floor of a office building , dead , under a enormous portrait of Harry S. Truman . ext day : body on stoop ( winter 1945 ) another man , he trousers soak in blood , lie span three step of a front stoop . int nite : mattress ( winter 1945 ) tessio , sit in a simple straight - back chair , do a crossword puzzle . a thin , boyish button man , write a letter . six or seven empty mattress , with toss unmade blanket . coffee can beside they serve as ash trays . a man by the table pull the cork on another bottle of ruffino , and wine be pour as the men eat . ext day : body in alley ( winter 1945 ) a corpse be half out of a overturn garbage can in a quiet alley . int day : body at table ( winter 1945 ) a man in a formal jacket and tie be slump over a table , in a pool of blood on the tablecloth . int day : mattress ( winter 1945 ) a neatly stack pile of newspaper in the corner of a apartment . we catch a glimpse of one headline : " five family War ... " the table . the men be sit around crack nut . one have fall asleep on he arm at the table . several men be take nap on the mattress . the piano player finish the tune with finesse . pick up and take a drag from he cigarette . the other man nod appreciatively . man Nice augie ...nice . ext day : mancini bldg . ( spring ' 46 ) several car be park in front of a pleasant New York apartment building . we recognize a couple of sonny 's bodyguard loafing by the car , pitching play card against the curb . Inside the building , two other wait quietly by the row of brass mailbox : they have be there quite awhile . up one flight of stair , a single man sit on the step , smoking a cigarette . one of the man by the mailbox check he pocketwatch , which be attach to a key chain . we hear the sound of a door open ; they look up . the man sit on the stop stand ; and look . sonny back out of a apartment , the arm of lucy mancini wrap around he . she do not want to let go of he ; she draw he back into the apartment for a moment , and then he come out alone , adjust he clothes . he jauntily skip down the step , trail by the bodyguard on the first floor , and move outside toward he car . the man quickly take up they position . as he get in he car : driver pick up you sister ? sonny yeah . the car drive off ; accompany and escort by the bodyguard in they car . int day : connie' hall ( spring ' 46 ) he knock on the door . no answer . then again . connie' voice who be it ? sonny it 's I , sonny . we hear the bolt slide back , and see the door open . sonny enter , but connie have quickly move into the hallway , she back to he . sonny ( tenderly ) connie , what be it ? he turn she around in he arm . her face be swollen and bruise ; and we can tell from she rough , red eye that she have be cry for a long time . as soon as he realize what 's happen , he face go red with rage . she see it come , and cling to he , prevent he from run out of the apartment . connie ( desperately ) it be my fault ! I start a fight with he and I try to hit he so he hit I . he do not even try to hit I hard sonny , I walk into it . sonny listen , and calm himself . he touch she shoulder , the thin silk robe . sonny I be goin ' to have the doctor come over and take a look at you . he start to leave . connie oh sonny , please do not do anything . please do not . he stop , and then laugh good naturedly . sonny hey . con . what be I goin ' to do ? make you kid a orphan before he 's bear . she laugh with he . he kiss she reassuringly , and leave . ext day : connie' STREET carlo settles down on the front step of the 112th St. " Book " with sally rag and coach , who have be drink beer out of glass and a pitcher of beer from around the corner . the ball game be blaring from the radio ; and the kid on the street be still play stickball . carlo have barely settle down , when the kid in the street suddenly scatter , and a car come screeching up the block and to a halt in front of the candy store . the tire scream , and before it seem as though it have even stop , a man come hurtle out of the driver 's seat , move so fast the everyone be paralyze . it be a moment before we recognize that it be sonny . his face be contort with anger ; in a split second he be on the stoop and have carlo by the throat . he pull carlo away from the other , try to get he down into the street . but carlo reach out for the iron railing , and hang on , he hand in a lock , cring away , try to hide he head and face in the hollow of the he shoulder . his shirt be rip away in sonny 's hand . sally rag and coach , merely sit , watch , stunne . sonny be pound the cower carlo with all he strength , in a continuous monologue of indistinguishable cursing . his blow be powerful ; and begin to draw blood . the kid who have be play stickball , move up , watch in fascination . carlo 's hand be clench tight around the railing . sonny beat he mercilessly . now sonny 's bodyguard ' car pull up , and they too become spectator . sonny 's tight fist be go down like hammer , into carlo 's face and body . carlo 's nose be bleed profusely ; but still he do nothing , other than hang onto the railing . sonny grab hold of carlo 's massive body , and try to drag he off of the hold on the railing , he tooth clench in the effort . then he try loosen carlo 's lock hand ; even bite they . carlo scream but he do not let go . it 's clear that carlo be much stronger than he be , and will not be move . sonny knee he in the mouth , and beat he more ; but he be exhaust . totally out of breath , he stammer haltingly to the bleed carlo . sonny you ... bastard ... you ... hurt my sister ... again ... and I will kill ... you . he wipe the sweat from he face , and then turn suddenly . and hurry back to the car , in a moment he car be go , leave even he bodyguard in confusion . we notice one man with a sport jacket in the group of spectator especially interested . carlo finally relax the clench , lock hand . he slump onto the stoop . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- fade in : ext day : mall ( spring 1946 ) high angle on the corleone mall . it be a gray , rainy day . Young button men in raincoat stand in quiet group of various point around the main house and compound . thing have change ; one house have be extensively enlarge ; a new and secure gate house have be build . Security measure that have be make - shift and temporarily have now be make a permanent part of the mall , evolve it into a medieval fortress . we notice a huge crater in the courtyard ; the result of a recent bomb attempt . the house nearest the crater be damage by fire . a taxi arrive ; kay adam step out , huddle in a bright yellow raincoat ; she let the cab go , and hurry to the shelter of the gate house . they be not expect she , and ask she to wait while they call the main house . kay look at the impose , depress mall , while rain still run down onto she face . she notice the bomb crater , and the fire damage ; and the sullen face of the button men . tom hagen exit the Main House , and hurry toward she . hagen Kay , we be not expect you . you should call ... kay I have try call and write . I want to reach Michael . hagen nobody know where he be . we know he 's all right , but that 's all . kay look in the direction of the crater , fill with rainwater . kay what be that ? hagen a accident . no one be hurt . kay listen Tom , I let my cab go ; can I come in to call another one ? tom be clearly reluctant to involve she any more than he have to . hagen sure ... I be sorry . they hurry through the rain and into the Main House . int day : don's live room ( spring 1946 ) in the live room , kay shake the water from she coat and take she rainhat off . kay will you give this to he . hagen if I accept that letter and you tell a Court of Law I accept it , they would interpret it as my have knowledge of he whereabouts . just wait Kay , he will contact you . we hear footstep descend the staircase ; mama corleone enter the room ; the old woman squint at kay , evaluate she . mama you be mikey 's little girl . kay nod yes ; there be still tear in she eye . mama you eat anything ? kay shake she head . mama ( to hagen ) disgrazia , you do not even give the poor girl a cup of coffee ? hagen shrug helplessly ; on a impulse , kay quickly move toward mama , the letter extend . kay will you give this letter to Michael . hagen mama , no . mama you tell I what to do ? even he do not tell I what to do . she take the letter from kay , who be grateful and relieved . kay why do they blame Michael ? mama you listen to I , you go home to you family , and you find a good young man and get marry . forget about mikey ; he 's no good for you , anymore . she look directly into kay 's eye ; and kay understand what that mean . ext day : don's hospital ( spring 1946 ) a hospital in New York City . police and team of private detective be station guard the area . a ambulance with a team of detective and button -men guard exit the hospital with rifle in hand ; follow by several hospital assistant wheeling a hospital stretcher , presumably carry the don . tessio and clemenza emerge , with other button men bring up the rear . hagen walk with the stretcher , and for a moment they disappear behind the ambulance . then suddenly , siren blast , it speed off , accompany by dark low - sling car . ext day : mall ( spring 1946 ) the corleone mall . equally impressive security stand ready at the corleone mall . extra button men , as well as some police , and private detective . it all seem to be under the supervision of rocco lampone . all be silent . the women and child , dress in Sunday clothes , wait . ext day : ambulance ( spring 1946 ) one ambulance , speed along the Grand Central Parkway , precede and follow by a dark car , each one carry a team of button men . sitting next to the driver of the ambulance be a guard with a rifle on he lap . int day : don's hall ( spring 1946 ) Inside the Main corleone House : Hospital orderlies carry the don on he stretcher carefully under the watchful eye of clemenza , tessio , lampone and various guard and button men . all the corleone family be here today : mama , fredo , sandra , theresa , connie , carlo ; the various corleone child . int day : don's bedroom ( spring 1946 ) the don be make comfortable in he room , which have all but be convert into a hospital room , with complete and extensive equipment . the various child get a turn to kiss the old man , as he be make comfortable ... and then sonny indicate that all the child , women , and carlo should leave . they do , the door be close . int day : don's dine room ( spring 1946 ) the mood be quite happy downstairs , as the women prepare the Sunday dinner , and set the table . carlo sit alone among they , a frown on he face . connie what 's the matter , Carlo ? carlo shut up . int day : don's bedroom ( spring 1946 ) all the men of the family stand around the hospital bed with grim face , sonny and hagen close to the old man . the don do not speak , yet he ask question with he look and glance , as clearly as if they be verbalize . hagen be the spokesman for the family . hagen ... since mccluskey 's kill , the police have crack down on most of we operation ... on the other family too . there 's be a lot of bad blood . the old man glance at sonny . sonny pop , they hit we and we hit they back . hagen we put out a lot of material through we contact in the newspaper ... about mccluskey 's be tie up with sollozzo in the drug racket ... thing be start to loosen up . the old man nod . sonny freddie 's gonna go to Las Vegas ... under the protection of Don francesco of l.a . I want he to rest ... fredo I be goin ' to learn the casino business . the don nod approvingly . then he search around the room for a face he do not see . hagen know who he 's look for . hagen Michael ... ( he take a breath ) it be Michael who kill sollozzo . the don close he eye , and then reopen they in anger and rage . hagen he 's safe now ... we be already work on way to bring he back . the don be very angry , he motion with a weak hand that they leave he alone . int . day : don's stair and hall ( spring 1946 ) hagen be very upset as he come down the stair ; sonny be expansive and optimistic . sonny we will let the old man take it easy for a couple of week . I want to get thing go good before he get better . what 's the matter with you ? hagen you start operate , the five family will start they raid again . we be at a stalemate sonny , you war be cost we a lot of money . sonny no more stalemate Tom , we get the soldier , we will match they gun for gun if that 's how they want it . they know I for what I be , Tom - - and they be scared of I . hagen yes . that 's true , you be get a hell of a reputation . sonny well it 's war ! we might not be in this shape if we have a real war - time consiglere , a sicilian . pop have genco , who do I have ? ( tom start to leave ) hey Tom , hey ...hey . it 's Sunday , we be gonna have dinner . do not be sore . int day : don's dine room ( spring 1946 ) the family , wive , child and all sit around the table over Sunday dinner . sonny be at the head of the table . ext day : mall ( spring 1946 ) some of the corleone grandchildren play in the enclose mall , in the proximity of the button men station liberally by the gate . one child miss a ball , it roll by the gate house . a young button man scoops it up and throw it back , smile . -----------------------------------------FADE out ------- int day : connie' apt . ( spring 1946 ) connie and carlo 's apartment . she 's in a slip , on the phone . we hear the shower go in the bathroom . connie who be this ? girl ( o.s. ) ( giggle ) I be a friend of Carlo 's . I just want to tell he I can not see he tonight ; I have to go out of town . connie 's face turn red . connie you lousy tramp bitch . ( click ) she slam the phone down ; just as carlo be come out of the bathroom drying he golden body . carlo what be that ? connie you girl friend . she say she can not make it tonight . you lousy bastard you have the nerve to give you whore my telephone number . I will kill you , you bastard ! she haul off and punch he knowingly ; he laugh , so then she fling herself at he , kick and scratch ; she heavy belly heaving under the thin slip . carlo ( defend himself ) you be crazy . she be kid around ; I do not know , some nut . he push she aside , and move into the bedroom to continue dress . connie you be stay home . you be not go out . carlo ok , ok . you gonna make I something to eat at least ? that calm she down ; she stand there a moment , breathe heavily ; and then she nod , and go into the kitchen , and start she wifely duty . carlo be dress ; put on some cologne ; connie appear in the doorway . connie the food be on the table . carlo I be not hungry yet . connie eat it , it 's on the table . carlo ba fa goulle . connie BA fa goule you ! she turn deliberately , go out into the kitchen . a moment later we begin to hear the sound of dish break . carlo slowly walk out , where we can see connie systematically smash all the dish against the sink , send the greasy veal and pepper all over the apartment floor . carlo you filthy guinea spoiled brat . clean it up or I will kick you head in . connie like hell I will . she stand there , solid , ready to punch he again . slowly , he slide he belt out of he trousers , and double it in he hand . carlo clean it up ! he swing the belt against she heavy hip . she move back into the kitchen , and get a kitchen knife , and hold it ready . carlo even the female corleone be murderer . he put the strap down on a table , and move after she . she make a sudden thrust at he groin , which he avoid . he pull the knife away , cut he hand in the process . she get away momentarily , but he pursue she around the table , get she ; and start to slap she in the face . she break away from he , and rush into the bedroom . connie the baby ! the baby ! int day : connie' bedroom ( spring 1946 ) she run into the bedroom ; he follow . she move into a corner , and then like a desperate animal , try to hide under the bed . he reach under , and pull she out by the hair . he slap she in the face until she begin to weep ; then he throw she on the bed , contemptuously . he grab part of she thigh , pinching it very hard . carlo you be fat as a pig . then he push she away , and walk out of the room , leave she in tear . she be cry ; she pull herself to the bedroom phone , and in a whisper : connie mama ... mama , it 's connie . mama , I can not talk any louder . no , I do not want to talk to sonny . we can tell that the phone have be pass to sonny . int day : don's kitchen ( spring 1946 ) in the kitchen at the mall , mama cannot understand the whisper and she have give the phone to sonny . sonny yeah connie . connie ( o.s. ) sonny , just send a car to bring I home . I will tell you then , it 's nothing sonny , do not you come . send tom , please sonny , it 's nothing ; I just want to come home . sonny 's face be turn red . sonny ( in a control voice ) you wait there . you just wait there . he hang up the phone ; and just stand there for a moment . sonny ( quietly ) that sonofabitch ; that sonofabitch ... hagen enter the room ; he know what be happen , know he cannot interfere . ext day : mall sonny leave the house . hagen move to the outside mall just as sonny 's car be drive off . he move to a group of button men . hagen go after he . ext day : causeway ( spring 1946 ) sonny 's car on the Jones Beach causeway , speed quickly by . after a pause , another car , with the corleone bodyguard , be trail . sonny be drive ; he be very angry . ext nite : toll booths ( spring 1946 ) sonny in he car ; drive back . still breathe hard and still furious . then he think it 's funny ; he enjoy it . he start laugh , louder and louder , as he pull up to a toll booth , stop , and extend he hand with a coin to the collector . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- fade in : int nite : amerigo bonasera's apartment the serious - face undertaker be on the telephone . hagen ( o.s. ) this be Tom hagen . I be call for Don corleone , at he request . bonasera look at he wife , with deep anxiety in he eye . bonasera 's lip be suddenly dry . bonasera yes , I understand . I be listen . hagen ( o.s. ) you owe the Don a service . in one hour , not before , perhaps later , he will be at you funeral parlor to ask for you help . be there to greet he . if you have any objection speak now , and I will inform he . silence . bonasera stutter , then speak in fright . bonasera anything ... anything the godfather wish . hagen ( o.s. ) good . he never doubted you . bonasera the Don himself be come to I tonight ? hagen ( o.s. ) yes. ( click ) bonasera be sweat ; slowly he lower the phone ; he wife see he pale expression , and follow he into the room . silently , he begin the ritual of dress . his wife know something serious be happen , and never take she eye from he . he light a cigarette . bonasera for the last year , they have be kill one another . so now , what ? you godfather come to I ... why ? ( whisper , slyly ) they have kill someone so important that they wish to make he body disappear . mrs . bonasera ( frighten ) amerigo ! bonasera they could make I a accomplice to they murder . they could send I to jail ! he slip into he trousers . then he move to he wife to tie he tie , as she have do for year . bonasera and if the other family find out ... they will make I they enemy . they could come here to we house . I curse the day I ever go to the godfather . ext nite : funeral parlor ( spring 1946 ) with he ring of key , he open the funeral parlor , enter . int nite : funeral parlor ( spring 1946 ) bonasera walk through the darken funeral parlor , without turn on the light ; then into the rear , preparation room , past the table , and equipment . he operate the chain that lift a large overhead garage type door . and look out into the alley . he sit on a bench , and wait . ext nite : funeral parlor alley ( spring 1946 ) the tire of a car roll very quietly along the small alley ; we notice a dark car approach the rear of bonasera 's funeral parlor . clemenza get out , and move to the open , rear door . bonasera greet he , too petrify to speak . he notice two other men get out of the car , and carry a stretcher with a corpse swaddle in a gray blanket , with yellow foot protrude . bonasera close he eye in fear , but indicate which way the men should carry they sinister burden . int nite : funeral parlor embalming room ( spring 1946 ) they carry the corpse to one of the table in the embalm room . then bonasera turn to see another man step out of the darkness somewhat uncertainly . it be don corleone . he walk up to bonasera , very close , without speak . his cold eye look directly at the frighten undertaker . then , after a long gaze : don corleone well my friend , be you ready to do I this service ? bonasera nod . the don move to the corpse on the embalm table ; he make a gesture , and the other men leave they alone . bonasera what do you wish I to do ? don corleone ( stare at the table ) I want you to use all you power , all you skill , as you love I . I do not want he mother to see he as he be . he draw down the gray blanket . bonasera let out a gasp of horror at what he see : the bullet - smashed face of sonny corleone . ext nite : toll booths ( spring 1946 ) sonny extend he hand with a coin at the toll booth . a car suddenly swerve in front of he , trapping he in the booth , and in incredible rally of machine gun fire greet he , come through and smash the window of the toll booth on both side of he , and from the front window of the car block he . the window of he car be shot out . bullet hole puncture the door of he car . his hand , with the coin in it , fall inside the car . his arm , shoulder be riddled by the fire , and still it continue , as though the assassins cannot take a chance that he will survive it . suddenly , he let out a enormous roar , like a bull , and actually , open the door , and step out of the car , under fire . his face be hit ; and finally he fall to the ground . a full shot ... as the assassins scramble for they car and make off in the distance . sonny 's bodyguard stop a safe distance away , realize they be too late . int nite : don's live room ( spring 1946 ) View on hagen 's ashen face in the live room . he be silent a moment , and then : hagen ( quietly ) ok . go to clemenza 's house and tell he to come here right away . he will tell you what to do . the men leave he alone . he be quiet , stand in the middle of the live room a moment . he look in the direction of the kitchen , where he can see fragment of mama move around . int nite : upstair ( spring 1946 ) tom proceed up stair , and quietly in the direction of the don 's room . he open the don 's door . look in . int nite : don's bedroom ( spring 1946 ) the don in he hospital bed . asleep under sedation . hagen hesitates . he can not go in ; he cannot tell the old man . he close the door . int nite : don's office ( spring 1946 ) hagen alone in the office . he be drink . he look up at the sound of car ; the caporegime be arrive . then he hear footstep . the door open ; and in a robe , with slipper , don corleone slowly enter the room . he walk directly to he stuff armchair , sit down . his face be stern , as he look into hagen 's eye . don corleone give I a drop of anisette . hagen rise , and pour a glass for the old man . don corleone my wife be weep before she fall asleep , outside my window I see my caporegime to the house , and it be midnight . so , consigliere of mine , I think you should tell you Don what everyone know . hagen ( quietly ) I do not tell mama anything . I be about to come up and wake you and tell you . just now . don corleone but you need a drink first . hagen yes . don corleone now you have have you drink . pause . hagen they shot sonny on the causeway . ( pause ) he 's dead . don corleone blink . one feel that just for a second he lose all physical strength ; he clasp he hand in front of he on the top of the desk and look into hagen 's eye . don corleone I want no inquiry make . no act of vengeance . ( pause ) consigliere , arrange a meeting with the head of the five family ... this war stop now . he rise and unsteadily leave the room , turn ... don corleone call bonasera ... he will do I a service . and leave . hagen move to the phone ; dial ... hagen this be Tom hagen ; I be call for Don corleone , at he request . bonasera ( o.s. ) yes , I understand I be listen . hagen you owe the Don a service . he have no doubt that you will repay it . ext day : bank build ( spring 1946 ) Day in Manhattan . a impressive Bank Building in the financial center of New York . many limousine be park , uniform and plain-clothed chauffeur wait quietly . int day : board room ( spring 1946 ) the board room of a bank , daylight shine in the window . carlo tramonti , a impressive , handsome middle - age man , sit quietly , smoking a Di napoli cigar , our view move to a man sit to he leave , and a little to the rear , and settles on joseph zaluchi , a moon - face amiable - look man ; as the view continue , around the table , we hear : don corleone ( o.s. ) I want to thank you all for come . I consider it a service do to I personally and I be in the debt of each and every one of you . especially that of you who have travel from such distance as California , St. Louis , Kansas City ; and New Orleans ... the view pass to frank falcone and ANTHONY molinari , both young than any of the other ; then on to domenick panza , short and squat sit in a wheelchair ; then around the table to don vincenenzo forlenza , who be whisper to he jewish assistant ; the view pass on to ANTHONY stracci , a older man , sip from a drink and smoking a cigar ; ottilio cuneo , in he middle sixty with a jolly round face ; then don phillip tattaglia , a delicate older man with dyed hair and a pencil mustache ; and finally , emilio barzini , in he early sixty , a man to ' respect ' ; whom we have see at connie 's wedding . don corleone ah well , let 's get down to business . we be all honorable man here , we do not have to give assurance as if we be lawyer . ( he sit , gaze out at they , and sigh ) how do thing ever go so far ? well , no matter . a lot of foolishness have come to pass . it be so unfortunate , so unnecessary . the view examine the room once again , as the don speak . a large , click board be change number at various time , and two tape , show the fluctuation of the market during the day 's trading , and project above . don corleone pause ; and tom hagen hand he a cold drink . don corleone tattaglia have lose a son ; I have lose a son . we be quit . let there be a peace ... ( he gesture expressively , submissively , with he hand ) that be all I want ... barzini Don corleone be too modest . he have the judge and politician in he pocket and he refuse to share they . his refusal be not the act of a friend . he take the bread out of the mouth of we family . Times have change , it 's not like the old day where everyone can go he own way . if Don corleone have all the judge and politician in New York , then he must share they or let other use they . certainly he can present a bill for such service , we be not Communists , after all . but he have to let we draw water from the well . it 's that simple . don corleone my friend , I do not refuse out of malice . you all know I . when have I ever refuse a accommodation ? but why , this time ? because I think this drug business will destroy we in the year to come . it 's not like whiskey or gambling or even woman which most people want and be forbidden they by the pezzonovante of the Church and the government . but drug ? no. even policeman , who help we in gambling and other thing would refuse to help we in drug . but ... I be willing to do whatever all of you think be necessary . don zaluchi I do not believe in drug . for year I pay my people extra so they would not do that kind of business ... $ 200 a week . but it do not matter . somebody come to they and say , " I have powder , if you put up three , four thousand dollar investment , we can make fifty thousand distribute . " who can resist such a profit ? there 's no way to control it , as a business ... to keep it respectable . ( rapping the table ) I do not want it near school ! I do not want it sell to child . that be a infamita . ( think ) in my city I would try to keep the traffic in the dark people , the color . they be the best customer , the least troublesome , and they be animal anyway . they have no respect for they wife or they family or themselves . let they lose they soul with drug . but something have to be do , we can not have everybody run around do just what they please , like a bunch of anarchist . barzini then , be we agree ; the traffic in drug will be permit , but control ; and Don corleone agree to give it protection in the East . don corleone nod . barzini that 's the whole matter then , we have the peace , and let I pay my respects to Don corleone , whom we have all know over the year as a man of he word . ( notice tattaglia be uneasy ) Don Philip ? tattaglia I agree to everything here , I be willing to forget my own misfortune . but I must hear strict assurance from corleone . when time go by and he position become stronger , will he attempt any individual vengeance ? they all look at the don ; especially hagen , who feel that don corleone have give a great deal , and must have something else in mind . slowly the don rise . don corleone I forego my vengeance for my dead son , for the common good . but I have selfish reason . my youngest son have to flee , accuse of sollozzo 's murder , and I must now make arrangement so that he can come home with safety , clear of all that false charge . that be my affair , and I will make that arrangement . ( with strength ) but I be a superstitious man ... and so if some unlucky accident should befall my youngest son , if some police officer should accidentally shoot he , or if he should hang himself in he cell , or if my son be strike by a bolt of lightning , then I will blame some of the people here . that , I could never forgive , but ... aside from that , let I swear by the soul of my grandchild that I will never be the one to break the peace we have make . ext nite : don's limo ( spring 1946 ) the don 's black limousine . he sit quietly in the padded rear seat ; tom hagen next to he . it be night . light flash by they every so often . hagen when I meet with tattaglia 's people ; should I insist that all he drug middle - man be clean ? don corleone mention it , do not insist . barzini be a man who will know that without be tell . hagen you mean tattaglia . don corleone ( shaking he head ) barzini . hagen ( a revelation ) he be the one behind sollozzo ? don corleone tattaglia be a pimp . he could never have outfought santino . but I be not sure until this day . no , it be barzini all along . the black limousine speed away from we in the night . ------------------------------------------FADE out ------ fade in : ext day : establishing sicily shot a close view of michael , move as he walk , sullen and downcast , the leave side of he face heal , but leave grotesque and misshapen . gradually , the view loosen , he wear a warm navy pea jacket , and walk with he hand in he pocket . the view loosen further , revealing a sicilian shepherd on either side of he , each carry a shotgun sling over he shoulder , calo , a squat and husky young man with a simple honest quality , and fabrizzio , slender and handsome , likable , and with a pleasing build . each of the shepherd carry knapsack . the three young men continue over the sicilian landscape , overlook a impressive view of land and sea . ext day : sicily road the three move through a flock of wind - blow sheep , and make they way to a dusty rural road . we hear a rinky horn sound , as a pre-war italian automobile make its way to they . a old man peek from the window , wave to michael . the car pull in front of they and stop . michael nod respectfully . michael Don tommassino . don tommassino Michael , why must you do this . we have be lucky so far , all this month you have be here we have keep you name a secret . it be from love for you father that I have ask you never to more than a hour from the villa . michael calo and fabrizzio be with I ; nothing will happen . don tommassino you must understand that you Father 's enemy have friend in palermo . michael I know . don tommassino where be you go ? michael corleone . don tommassino there be nothing there . not anymore . michael I be tell that my grandfather be murder on its main street ; and he murderer come to kill my father there when he be twelve year old . don tommassino Long ago . now there be nothing : the man kill each other in family vendettas ... the other escape to America . michael Don tommassino ... I should see this place . don tommassino think a moment , then concede . don tommassino that be you birthright ... but Michael , use this car . michael no ... I would like to walk to corleone . the old man sigh , and then return to he car . don tommassino be careful Michael , do not let they know you name . the old car sputter off ; michael watch , and then continue on he journey . ext day : countryside the three pass through abundant area of flower and fruit tree , in bloom and burst with life . ext day : village they continue in the empty street of a little town ; the post - war poverty be evident in the skinny dog ; and the empty street . occasionally , a military vehicle , the only gasoline - power vehicle on the road , will pass . and there be many police evident , most of they carry machine gun . the three pass under a enormous banner sling over the main road " vota communista " . ext day : country road they continue through dusty country road , where occasionally a donkey pull a cart , or a lone horseman will pass they . ext day : field out in a field , in the distance , they come upon a procession of peasant and activist , perhaps two hundred strong , march , and sing , and in the lead , be five or six man carry billow red banner . ext day : grove they be in a orange grove ; on the other side of the tree be a deep , tall field of wild flower . the shepherd unsling they gun and knapsack , and take out loaf of bread , some wine , sausage and cheese . michael rest against a tree , and use he handkerchief . fabrizzio you tell we about America . michael how do you know I come from America ? fabrizzio we hear . we be tell you be a pezzonovanta ... big shot . michael only the son of a pezzonovanta . fabrizzio hey America ! be she as rich as they say ? michael yes . fabrizzio take I to America ! you need a good lupara in America ? ( pat he shotgun ) you take I , I will be the best man you get . " oh say , can you seeee ... by da star early light ... " michael laugh . ext day : another road the trio continue down a dirt road , as a american military convoy speed by ; fabrizzio wave , and call out to each of the U.S. driver , as they move by . fabrizzio America . hey America ! take I with you ! hey , take I to America g.i .! ext day : corleone hill they continue they long hike , high on a promentory ; until they hesitate , and look down . calo corleone . they can see a grim sicilian village , almost devoid of people . ext day : corleone STREET michael and he bodyguard move through the empty street of the village . they walk behind he , and spread to either side about fifteen foot away from he . they move down ancient step , past a old stone fountain . michael hesitates , cup he hand and drink some water . they go on . they move up a very narrow old street . michael look at the doorway that they pass . moving view : each door have a plaque , with a ribbon or flower . calo see michael look . calo the name of the dead . michael hesitates in the center of the main street . he look . the street be empty , barren . occasionally , a old woman will pass . michael turn he head . the other side of the street : empty and deathly . a high view of michael stand in the center of the old street , the shepherd a respectful distance away . -------------------------------------FADE out ----------- ext day : baronial estate a green ribbone field of a baronial estate . further ahead be a villa so Roman it look as though it have just be discover in the ruin of pompeii . there be a group of young village girl accompany by two stocky matron , dress in black . they have be gather the pink sulla , purple wisteria , and mixing they with orange and lemon blossom . they be sing , off in the distance as they work . michael , calo and fabrizzio be silent as they watch this fantasy - like scene . fabrizzio ( call out to they ) hey , beautiful girl ! michael ( sternly ) shhhhh . he settles down to watch . the girl be dress in cheap gaily paint frock that cling to they body . they be still in they teens , but develop and womanly . they be move along the field , pick blossom , not aware of the three man watch they from the orange grove . Three or four of the girl begin chase one of they playfully , in the direction of the grove . the girl be chase hold a bunch of purple grape in she leave hand and with the right , pick more grape , and throw they back at she pursuer laugh . they come closer and closer . just short of the grove , she pose , startle , she large , oval shape eye catch the view of the three men . she stand there on she toe about to run . michael see she ; now face to face . he look . her face . incredibly beautiful with olive skin , black hair and a rich mouth . fabrizzio ( murmure ) Jesus Christ , take my soul . I be die . quickly , she turn , and run away . michael stand up never take he eye from she . we hold on he for a long while ; and eventually hear the shepherd laugh . then he turn to they . fabrizzio you get hit by the thunderbolt , eh ? calo pat he on the shoulder . calo easy man . michael what be you talk about ? fabrizzio you can not hide it when you be hit by the thunderbolt . ext day : baronial village the little village build attendant to the baronial estate , be deck with the flower the girl have be pick . michael , follow by the bodyguard , move into the central square , and onto the balcony of a little cafe . the proprietor of the cafe , vitelli , be a short burly man ; he greet they cheerfully , and set a dish of chickpea at they table . fabrizzio you know all the girl in this town , eh ? we see some beauty come down the road . one in particular get we friend hit with the thunderbolt ... ( he indicate michael ) vitelli give a big know laugh , and look at michael with new interest . vitelli you have better bring a few bottle home with you , my friend ; you will need help sleep tonight . ( he laugh ) fabrizzio this one could seduce the devil . a body ! and eye as big and black as olive . vitelli ( laugh with they ... pour more wine ) I know about what you mean ! fabrizzio this be a beauty . right , calo ? vitelli ( laugh ) beautiful all over , eh ? fabrizzio and hair . Black and curly , like a doll . and such a mouth . vitelli do not laugh quite so much . vitelli yes , we have beautiful girl here ... but virtuous . vitelli be no longer drink with they . michael she wear a red dress , and a red ribbon in she hair . she look more Greek than italian . do you know a beauty like that ? as michael describe she , vitelli laugh less and less , until he wear a scowl . vitelli no . then he curtly leave he , and walk into the back room . fabrizzio God in Heaven , I think I understand ... he go into the back room after the innkeeper . then he return . fabrizzio let 's get out of here ; he 's boil up he blood to do we mischief . it 's he daughter . they start to leave ; but michael do not move . calo come quickly . michael innkeeper . more wine ! fabrizzio ( whisper ) the old bastard mention two son he only have to whistle up . michael turn to fabrizzio with he cold authority . michael tell he to come to I . the two bodyguard shoulder they luparas , and disappear in a moment they return with the red-face angry vitelli between they . michael ( quietly ) I understand I have offended you by talk about you daughter . I offer you my apology , I be a stranger in this country , I do not know the custom very well . let I say this , I mean no disrespect to you or she ... calo and fabrizzio be impressed . vitelli ( shrug ) who be you and what do you want from my daughter ? michael I be a american hide in Sicily from the police of my country . my name be Michael . you can inform the police and make you fortune but then you daughter would lose a father rather than gain a husband . in any case , I want to meet you daughter . with you permission and under the supervision of you family . with all decorum . with all respect . I be a honorable man . calo and fabrizzio be stupefy ; vitelli pause , and then ask : vitelli be you a friend of the friend ? michael when the proper time come , I will tell you everything that a wife 's father should know . fabrizzio it 's the real thunderbolt , then . vitelli ( formally ) come Sunday morning : my name be vitelli and my house be up there on the hill , above the village . michael you daughter 's name ? vitelli appolonia . -------------------------------------FADE out ----------- ext day : tommassino courtyard music come up ; as michael , dress in new clothes from palermo , and carry a stack of wrap gift , get into a Alfa Romeo . calo and fabrizzio each dress in they Sunday best , be in the rear seat , huddle together , with they luparas on they shoulder . don tommassino wave they off , as the little car drive off , rocky and bounce on the dirt road . the Sunday churchbell ring . --------------------------------------DISSOLVE ---------- ext day : vitelli house michael be present to each of the vitelli relative , by the yard of they little hilltop house ; the brother ; the mother , who be give a gift ; several uncle and aunt . finally appolonia enter , dress beautifully in appropriate Sunday clothing . now he present the wrap gift to appolonia . she look at she mother , who with a nod give she permission to open it . she unwrap it . her eye light at the sight of a heavy gold chain ; to be wear as a necklace . she look at he . appolonia grazia . --------------------------------------DISSOLVE ---------- ext day : vitelli cafe now the little Alpha drive into the village near vitelli 's cafe . michael be , as ever , accompany with he two bodyguard , though they be all dress differently . they go up to the cafe ... and sit with vitelli , who be talk and talk . michael look at appolonia ; who sit , respectfully quiet . she wear the gold necklace around she neck . --------------------------------------DISSOLVE ---------- ext day : hilltop near vitelli home michael and appolonia be walk through a hilltop path , seemingly alone , although a respectful distance apart . as the view pan with they , we notice that she mother and a half dozen aunt be twenty pace behind they , and ten pace further behind be calo and fabrizzio , they luparas on they shoulder . further up the hill , appolonia stumble on a loose stone , and fall briefly onto michael 's arm . she modestly regains she balance , and they continue walk . behind they , she mother giggle to herself . --------------------------------------DISSOLVE ---------- ext day : vitelli village church Church bell in a ancient belfry ring out . Music , old and dissonant , play . there be a bridal procession in the street of the village ; the same in feel and texture as it might have be five hundred year ago . donkey and other animal have be decorate with abundant flower ; child carry candle and wear white confirmation gowns walk in the procession , follow by countless townspeople , member of the clergy , even the police . we present the entire bridal procession and ceremony with all the ritual and pageantry , as it have always be , in Sicily . appolonia be radiant as the bride ; michael be handsome despite the grotesque jaw and occasional white handkerchief . --------------------------------------DISSOLVE ---------- ext nite : vitelli village square calo and fabrizzio dance wildly through the night of the great wedding celebration . it be hold in the Village Square ; under the watchful eye of shepherd above on the top of building , carry luparas . --------------------------------------DISSOLVE ---------- int nite : michael be room in villa michael open the shutter in he darken room ; moonlight fill the room . he turn , and there , in she wedding slip , be appolonia . a little frighten ; but lovely . he move to she ; and for a moment just stand before she , look at she incredible face ; she lovely hair and body . slowly and tenderly he kiss she . her tiny hand come up to he face ; touch he cheek and embrace he . she let she bridal slip fall to the floor . --------------------------------------FADE out ---------- int day : michael' room at villa Morning . michael sit on the window ledge , gaze into the room . appolonia be asleep ; she be naked , and only partially cover by the bedsheet . he look at she for a long time in the early morning light . ext day : tommassino courtyard high angle on don tommassino's villa we hear girlish laughter ; the little Alpha be drive erratically , knock down a occasional wall , and almost hit th inner court wall . appolonia be laugh , drive . michael pretend to be frighten , as he teach she to drive . outside the wall , we notice shepherd with luparas , walk guard duty . the car stop and a laugh michael get out . michael it 's safer to teach you English . appolonia Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday ... see , I learn it . now teach I to drive ! don tommassino enter the courtyard . he seem tired and concerned . michael ciao , Don tommassino . appolonia kiss he . michael thing go badly in palermo ? don tommassino the young man have no respect . thing be change ; I do not know what will happen . Michael , because of the wedding , people now know you name . michael be that why there be more man on the wall ? don tommassino even so , I do not think it be safe here anymore . I have make plan to move you to a villa near siracuse . you must go right away . michael what be it ? don tommassino bad news from America . you brother , santino . he have be kill . for a moment , the whole world of New York , sollozzo , the five family War , all come back to michael . ext day : villa courtyard Morning . michael lean out of the bedroom window . below , fabrizzio be sit in one of the garden chair , comb he thick hair . michael whistle and fabrizzio look up to he window . michael get the car . I will be leave in ten minute . where 's calo ? fabrizzio calo be have a cup of coffee in the kitchen . be you wife come with you ? michael no , she 's go home to she family . she will join I in a few week ... int day : villa kitchen michael , dress , cross from the hallway , and into the kitchen . calo be just finish a bite . he rise when he see michael . calo should I get you bag ? michael no , I will get it . where 's appolonia ? calo ( smile ) she be sit in the driver 's seat of the car , die to step on the gas . she will be a real american woman before she get to America . michael smile . michael tell fabrizzio and wait for I in the car . he leave the kitchen , after a quick sip of coffee . he look out from the open in the doorway . ext day : villa courtyard there be the car , with appolonia sit in the driver 's seat , play with the wheel like a child . calo move to the car , and put a lunch basket in the rear seat . then michael seem disturb . over , on the other side of the courtyard , he see fabrizzio disappear through the gate . michael ( mutter to himself ) where the hell be he go ? michael go down the hallway , and outside . michael step out into the bright sunlight of the outer courtyard , cause he to shade he eye . appolonia see he , and wave , motion that he should stay where he be . appolonia ( call out ) I will drive to you . he smile affectionately . calo stand beside the car , smile , with he lupara dangle by he side . there be no sight of fabrizzio . suddenly the smile fade from michael 's face . he step forward and hold out he hand . michael no. no ! his shout be drown in the roar of a tremendous explosion , as she switch on the ignition . part of the wall be cave in , the kitchen door be blow off ; and there be nothing leave of the Alpha , or of appolonia . michael be throw against the wall , and knock unconscious . int day : villa bedroom michael be unconscious in a darken room . we hear whisper around he , but can not make any of it out . a soft cloth be apply to he face ; gradually he eye open . don tommassino be there , close to he . he look at they and from they grave expression , he know he wife be dead . michael fabrizzio . let you shepherd know that the one who give I fabrizzio will own the finest pasture in Sicily . --------------------------------------FADE out ---------- fade in : ext day : mall ( spring 1951 ) Easter . a high view on the corleone mall in the springtime . horde of little child include many of the corleone Children and grandchil , rush about carry little Easter basket , search here and there for candy treasure and hide Easter egg . the don himself , much older , much smaller in size , wear baggy pants and a plaid shirt and a old hat , move around he garden , tend row and row of rich tomato plant . suddenly , he stop and look . michael stand there , still hold he suitcase . great emotion come over the don , who take a few step in michael 's direction . michael leave he suitcase and walk to he favorite son and embrace he . don corleone be my son ... int day : the olive oil factory don corleone lead michael through the corridor of the building . don corleone this old building have see its day . no way to do business ... too small , too old . they enter the don 's glass - panell office . don corleone have you think about a wife ? a family ? michael ( pain ) no. don corleone I understand , Michael . but you must make a family , you know . michael I want child , I want a family . but I do not know when . don corleone accept what 's happen , Michael . michael I could accept everything that 's happen ; I could accept it , but that I never have a choice . from the time I be bear , you have laid this all out for I . don corleone no , I want other thing for you . michael you want I to be you son . don corleone yes , but son who would be professor , scientist , musician ... and grandchild who could be , who know , a Governor , a President even , nothing 's impossible here in America . michael then why have I become a man like you ? don corleone you be like I , we refuse to be fool , to be puppet dance on a string pull by other man . I hope the time for gun and kill and massacre be over . that be my misfortune . that be you misfortune . I be hunt on the street of corleone when I be twelve year old because of who my father be . I have no choice . michael a man have to choose what he will be . I believe that . don corleone what else do you believe in ? michael do not answer . don corleone believe in a family . can you believe in you country ? that pezzonovante of the State who decide what we shall do with we life ? who declare war they wish we to fight in to protect what they own . do you put you fate in the hand of man whose only talent be that they trick a bloc of people to vote for they ? Michael , in five year the corleone family can be completely legitimate . very difficult thing have to happen to make that possible . I can not do they anymore , but you can , if you choose to . michael listen . don corleone believe in a family ; believe in a code of honor , older and higher , believe in root that go back thousand of year into you Race . make a family , Michael , and protect it . this be we affair , sono cosa nostra , government only protect man who have they own individual power . be one of that man ... you have the choice . --------------------------------------FADE out ---------- ext day : stock footage las vega ( 1955 ) a moving view , drive up the Las Vegas Strip of 1955 . fredo ( o.s. ) there 's a new one . construction go on everywhere . more view , show new hotel and casinos be build ; the bill marquee read : " martin and lewis " , " patti page " , etc . fredo ( o.s. ) that 's one of the family 's new one . not bad , eh ? ext day : flamingo ( 1955 ) the car pull up at the flamingo Hotel . Inside the car : michael , fredo , tom hagen and a new man , neri , quiet and sinister . michael why do not moe Green meet we at the airport ? fredo he have business at the hotel , but he will drop in for dinner . from the expression on michael 's face we know this be a discourtesy . int day : flamingo HOTEL suite ( 1955 ) a whole entourage precede fredo and he v.i.p. party of michael , hagen and neri . great fuss be make . they be be show into the hotel 's ' special ' suite . fredo you look wonderful , kid ; really wonderful . that doctor do some job on you face . michael you look good , too . they enter the suite . fredo Nice , eh ? fredo be as excited as a kid , snap order at the bellboy , waiter and maid . fredo ( hurry into the bedroom ) kid , take a look -see . michael give a look to hagen , and continue into the bedroom . there be a enormous circular bed on a huge platform , mirror to each side . fredo point upward . a view into a large ceiling mirror . fredo ever see anything like that before ? michael ( dryly ) no. int nite : flamingo suite bedroom ( 1955 ) michael be alone in the bedroom . he be just finish dress ; he put on he jacket . from the window , with the light blink , we can tell it 's late at night . michael pass into the other room . he stop , look . he be disturb . int nite : flamingo suite ( 1955 ) a magnificent , circular table have be set up in he suite ; a lavish table set for eight . stand by the table be hagen , johnny fontane , look wonderful , a little heavier , beautifully dress ; fredo , a dandy , and two las vega girl . neri stand quietly by the door . fredo Mike ! the party start ! michael come here a minute , fredo . fredo go to he , a big smile all over he face . michael who be that girl ? fredo ( jokingly ) that 's for you to find out . michael give they some money and send they home . fredo Mike ! michael get rid of they ... int nite : flamingo suite ( 1955 ) they be seat around the lavish table in Michael 's suite . michael be speak to johnny . michael johnny , the corleone family be think of sell out all we interest in the olive oil business and settling here . moe greene will sell we he interest so it can be wholly own by friend of the family . freddie seem anxious . fredo Mike , you sure about moe sell . he never mention it to I and he love the business . michael I will make he a offer he can not refuse . michael turn to johnny . michael johnny , the Don want you to help we get start . we figure entertainment will be the big factor in draw gambler . we hope you will sign a contract to appear five time a year for maybe a week long engagement . we hope you friend in the movie will do the same . we count on you to convince they . johnny sure , I will do anything for my godfather . you know that , Mike . there be knock on the door . neri rise , look at michael , who nod . neri open the door , and moe greene enter , follow by two bodyguard . he be a handsome hood , dress in the Hollywood style . his bodyguard be more West Coast style . moe Mike , good to see you . get everything you want ? michael thanks . moe the chef cook for you special ; the dancer will kick you tongue out and you credit be good ! ( to he bodyguard ) draw chip for all this people so they can play on the house . michael be my credit good enough to buy you out ? moe laugh . moe buy I out ?... michael the hotel , the casino . the corleone family want to buy you out . greene stop laugh ; the room become tense . neri eye the bodyguard . moe ( furious ) the corleone family want to buy I out . I buy you out . you do not buy I out . michael you casino lose money . maybe we can do better . moe you think I scam ? michael ( the worst insult ) you be unlucky . moe you goddamn dago . I do you a favor and take freddie in when you be have a bad time , and then you try to push I out . michael you take freddie in because the corleone family bankrol you casino . you and the corleone family be even out . this be for business ; name you price . moe the corleone family do not have that kind of muscle anymore . the godfather be sick . you be get chase out of New York by barzini and the other family , and you think you can find easier picking here . I have talk to barzini ; I can make a deal with he and keep my hotel ! michael ( quietly , deadly ) be that why you think you could slap freddie around in public ? fredo ( he face turn red ) ah Mike , that be nothing . moe do not mean anything . he fly off the handle sometimes ; but I and he be good friend . right , moe ? moe yeah sure . sometimes I gotta kick ass to make this place run right . freddie and I have a little argument and I have to straighten he out . michael you straighten my brother out ? moe Hell , he be bang cocktail waitress two at a time . player could not get a drink . michael rise from he chair , and say in a tone of dismissal : michael I have to go back to New York tomorrow . think of you price . moe you son of a bitch , you think you can brush I off like that ? I make my bone when you be go out with cheerleader . fredo ( frighten ) Tom , you be the consigliere ; you can talk to the Don and advise he . michael the Don have semi-retire . I be run the family business now . so anything you have to say , say it to I . nobody answer . michael nod to neri , who open the door . moe exit angrily . michael freddie , you be my older brother . I love you . but do not ever take side with anybody against the family again . ext day : n.y. airport ( 1955 ) kay sit in the back of a limousine park by the Newark airport . rocco lampone be lean against it . she have a little three year old boy ; michael 's son , who play with a cardboard bird on a string . two other car be station discreetly , with man we have learn to tell be bodyguard . michael , hagen and neri exit the airport with two negro porter carry luggage . neri see something , and tap michael on the shoulder . michael turn , and see kay . lampone open the car door ; kay step out with the boy , and michael embrace she , and kiss he son . automatically , the luggage be put in . neri replace lampone as the driver ; and lampone join the other man . hagen get into one of the other car . and the limo drive off , precede and follow by the other sedan . int day : limo ( 1955 ) the little boy look out the window as they drive . michael I have to see my father and he people when we get back to the mall . kay oh Michael . michael we will go to the show tomorrow night -- we can change the ticket . kay do not you want dinner first ? michael no , you eat ... do not wait up for I . kay wake I up when you come to bed ? the little boy fly he cardboard bird out of the speed limousine window . ext day : mall ( 1955 ) the limousine arrive at the mall . we be inside . kay you sister want to ask you something . michael let her ask . neri open the door . kay want to talk just a little more . kay she 's afraid to . Michael ... michael nod to neri ; who give they they privacy a moment longer . kay why be you so cold to she and Carlo ? they live with we on the mall now , but you never get close to they . michael I be busy . kay connie and Carlo want you to be godfather to they little boy . neri open the door ; michael start to get out ; kay too . he smile at she , tired , and a little sad . kay will you ? michael let I think about it , o.k .? she smile ; michael go with neri to the Main House ; kay and the little boy move to the house that be sonny 's . int day : don's office ( 1955 ) view on don corleone , much older , much smaller in size . he wear baggy pants , and a warm plaid shirt . he sit in a chair , gaze out through the window , into the garden . tessio ( o.s. ) barzini 's people chisel my territory and we do nothing about it . pretty soon there will not be one place in Brooklyn I can hang my hat . michael ( o.s. ) just be patient . tessio I be not ask you for help , Mike . just take off the handcuffs . michael ( o.s. ) be patient . clemenza ( o.s. ) we gotta fight sometime . let we at least recruit we regime to full strength . michael ( o.s. ) no , I do not want to give barzini a excuse to start fight . tessio ( o.s. ) Mike , you be wrong . clemenza ( o.s. ) Don corleone ... Don corleone . the old man look up . clemenza stand before he in the den. beside he be a anxious tessio . neri stand by the door ; hagen be seat ; michael sit behind the big desk . clemenza you say there would come a day when tessio and I could form we own families . only with you benediction , of course . I ask permission ... don corleone my son be head of the family now . if you have he permission , you have my good will . michael in six month you can break off from the corleone family and go on you own . Carlo , I be count on you to make the move to nevada ; you will be my right - hand man out there . Tom hagen be no longer the consigliere . everyone be a bit surprised ; look to see hagen 's reaction . he remain inexpressive . michael he 's go to be we lawyer in Vegas . nobody go to he with any other business as of now , this minute . no reflection on Tom ; that 's the way I want it . besides , if I ever need any advice , who 's a better consigliere than my father . clemenza then in a six month time we be on we own ; be that it ? michael maybe less ... tessio let we fill up we regimes . michael no . I want thing very calm for another six month . tessio forgive I , godfather , let we year of friendship be my excuse . how can you hope for success there without you strength here to back you up ? the two go hand in hand . and with you go from here the barzini and the tattaglias will be too strong for we . clemenza and I do not like barzini . I say the corleone family have to move from strength , not weakness . we should build we regimes and take back we lose territory in staten Island , at least . don corleone do you have faith in my judgement ? clemenza yes , godfather ... don corleone then do what Michael say ... michael all I can say be that thing be be resolve that be more effective than a thousand buttonman on the street . understood ? there be uneasy look all around . carlo understood . I just wish I be do more to help out . michael I will come to you when I need you . he look at clemenza , tessio and hagen . they all nod , reluctantly . michael all right , then it 's resolve . neri know the meeting be over , he open the de 's door . clemenza and tessio pay they respects to the don and leave , then carlo . neri watch carlo as he walk down the corridor , casting a nervous look back at the sinister man . then neri close the door . michael relax . hagen Mike , why be you cut I out of the action ? michael Tom , we be go to be legitimate all the way , and you be the legal man . what could be more important than that . hagen I be not talk about that . I be talk about rocco lampone building a secret regime . why do neri report directly to you , rather than through I or a caporegime ? don corleone I tell you that it would not escape he eye . michael how do you find out ? hagen bookkeeper know everything . rocco 's man be all a little too good for the job they be suppose to be do . they get a little more money than the job 's worth . ( pause ) lampone 's a good man ; he 's operate perfectly . michael not so perfectly if you notice . hagen Mike , why be I out ? michael you be not a wartime consigliere . thing may get tough with the move we be try . hagen ok , but then I agree with tessio . you be go about it all wrong ; you be make the move out of weakness ... barzini 's a wolf , and if he tear you apart , the other family will not come run to help the corleone ... don corleone Tom , I never think you be a bad consigliere , I think santino a bad Don , rest in peace . he have a good heart but he be not the right man to head the family when I have my misfortune . Michael have all my confidence , as you do . for reason which you can not know , you must have no part in what will happen . hagen maybe I can help . michael ( coldly ) you be out , Tom . tom pause , think ... and then he nod in acquiescence . tom leave . michael look at neri . michael I be go to talk to my father . neri nod , and then leave . the don open the door , breathes in the air , and step outside . ext day : the garden ( 1955 ) don corleone I see you have you Luca brasi . michael I will need he . don corleone there be man in this world who demand to be kill . they argue in gambling game ; they jump out of they car in a rage if someone so much as scratch they fender . this people wander through the street call out " kill I , kill I . " Luca brasi be like that . and since he be not scared of death , and in fact , look for it ... I make he my weapon . because I be the only person in the world that he truly hope would not kill he . I think you have do the same with this man . they walk through the don 's vegetable garden . tomato , pepper , carefully tend , and cover with a silky netting . michael follow ; the don turn and look at he . then stoops over to right a tomato plant that have be push over . don corleone barzini will move against you first . michael how ? don corleone he will get in touch with you through someone you absolutely trust . that person will arrange a meeting , guarantee you safety ... he rise , and look at Michael ... don corleone ... and at that meeting you will be assassinate . the don walk on further . don corleone you wife and child ... you be happy with they ? michael yes . don corleone good . michael want to express something ... hesitates , then : michael I have always respected you ... a long silence . the don smile at michael . don corleone and I ...you . ext day : church ( 1955 ) kay and mama walk from the black car that have just leave they off . kay how be you husband feel ? mama he 's not the same since they shot he . he let Michael do all the work . he just play the fool with he garden , he pepper , he tomato , as if he be some peasant still . but man be like that ... she stop toward the Church . mama you come in , too . kay shake she head . mama the Priest be not gonna bite you cause you be not Catholic . ( whisper ) he 's in the back drinkin ' he wine . kay laugh and follow mama up the step of the Church . they enter . int day : church ( 1955 ) Inside the Church , kay watch as mama bless herself from the holy water . mama you can . tentatively , kay dip she finger into the water , and bless herself . then she follow mama down the aisle , in awe at the high ceiling , the art , the window , and finally the altar . mama stop by the impressive tier of candle . there be a large coin box for that who wish to pay for lighting candle . mama fumble in she purse for change ; kay give she some . mama drop the coin in the box , one by one ; then take the taper , and in a pattern know only to she , and with great dignity , she close she eye , say a prayer , and then light twenty candle . she finish , and bow she head . ext day : bonasera's funeral home very few people in the street . total silence . but black flower car as far as the eye can see , for block and block . a expression of respect , of honor and fear that be enormous . certainly no more could be do for a President or a King . each car carry a elaborate floral decoration . we show this in detail ; and the flower message : " a benefactor to mankind " , " he knew and pitied " ... " we Don we leader " ... " the Sacred heart " ... ext day : mall ( 1955 ) high angle on the corleone mall silence . the flower car , funeral limousine , and private car fill all the area attendant to the corleone residence . hundred of people fill the mall , reminiscent in size of the wedding of connie and Carlo ; of course , now the mood be somber and respectful . michael , mama , fredo and hagen stand by the flower platform which hold the ornate coffin . we can not see the remain of Don corleone . bonasera be nearby , ready to do service to the bereaved family . one by one the mourner come by , weep , or merely with grave expression ; pay they respects and continue on . the view alter , and we see that the line be endless . johnny fontane , tear openly fall , take he turn . Children be take by the hand , and lift for they last look at the great man . clemenza whisper into the ear of lampone . lampone immediately arrange for the member of the five New York families to pay they respects . first cuneo , then strachi and then zaluchi . then philip tattaglia , who merely pass by the coffin . then barzini in a black homburg , stand a long time . michael watch the scene . barzini cross himself and pass on , immediately rejoin by he man . as barzini leave , it seem as though everyone be fawn on he ; perhaps ask for favor : but at any rate , it be clear from the door open for he , the cigar light for he , that he be the new capo di capi- - the place formerly hold by Don corleone . michael watch silently . barzini be search for somebody with he eye . first clemenza . then tessio . connie rush into michael 's arm , tear in she eye . he embrace and comfort she . everywhere michael go , neri be a few foot away -- watch all who come close to he . ext day : mall ( later ) later on the mall ; some people have leave , although there be still hundred of mourner . a young girl approach tessio . she 's about 18 . girl do you remember I ? tessio no ... girl we dance together at connie 's wedding . tessio make a gesture , which be to say ' how you have grow ' , and they move though the crowd , look for Michael . he find he . tessio Mike , could I have a minute ? mike ; nod ; and they move to a private place . neri be close by . tessio barzini want to arrange a meeting . say we can straighten any of we problem out . michael he talk to you ? tessio ( nod ) I can arrange security . michael look at he . ext day : cemetery ( 1955 ) the Cemetery . late day . the hundred of car , limousine and flower car line the stone wall that surround this italian - Catholic cemetary in queen Village . hundred of people stand in a cluster ; other watch ; take picture , etc . michael stand with he family , he mother ... and tom hagen . michael ( softly ) Christ , Tom ; I need more time with he . I really need he . hagen do he give you he politician ? michael not all ... I need another four month and I would have have they all . ( he look at tom ) I guess you have figure it all out ? hagen how will they come at you ? michael I know now . ( a passion well up inside of michael ) I will make they call I Don . hagen have you agree on a meeting ? michael ( nod ) a week from tonight . in Brooklyn on tessio 's ground , where I will be safe . hagen look at he ; understand . michael but after the baptism . I have decide to stand as godfather to connie 's baby . they look up . the coffin be lower into a excavation , behind which stand a enormous stone monument ; it be of a weep angel , with the bold inscription : corleone . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- fade in : int day : neriss apt . ( 1955 ) albert neri move around in he small corona apartment ; he pull a small trunk from under he bed . he open it , and we see in it , nearly fold , a New York City policeman 's uniform . he take it out piece by piece , almost reverently . then the badge , and the identification card ; with he picture on it . slowly , in the solitude of he room , he begin to dress . int day : michael' bedroom ( 1955 ) michael and kay be get dress for the christen in they room . michael look very well ; very calm ; kay be beginning to take on a matronly look . int day : motel room ( 1955 ) in a Long Island motel . rocco lampone carefully disassemble a revolver ; oil it , check it , and put it back together . ext day : clemenza's house ( 1955 ) peter clemenza about to get in he lincoln . he hesitates , take a rag and clean some dirt off of the fender , and then get in , drive off . ext day : church ( 1955 ) the Church . various relative and friend be beginning to gather at the Church . they laugh and talk . a monsignor be officiate . not all of the participant have arrive yet . connie be there , with a beam carlo . she hold the infant ; show he off to interested people . ext day : U.N. plaza ( 1955 ) neri walk down the sidewalk in the neighborhood of the UN Building . he be dress as , and have the bear of , a policeman . he carry a huge flashlight . ext day : motel balcony ( 1955 ) lampone step out onto the little balcony of a sea-resort Motel ; we can see the bright , neon light sign advertising " room facing the sea -- vacany " . int day : church the Church . connie hold the baby ; the monsignor be speak ; kay and michael stand side by side around the urn . priest ( to michael ) do you pledge to guide and protect this child if he be leave fatherless ? do you promise to shield he against the wickedness of the world ? michael yes , I promise . ext day : fifth ave . neri continue up the 55th St. and fifth Avenue area . he continue until he be in front of rockefeller Center . on he side of the street , he spot a limousine wait directly across from the main entrance of the building . slowly he approach the limo , and tap on its fender with he nightstick . the driver look up in surprise . neri point to the " no parking " sign . the driver turn he head away . neri ok , wise guy , you wanna summon , or you wanna move ? driver ( obviously a hood ) you better check with you precinct . neri move it ! the driver take a ten dollar bill , fold it deliberately , and hand it out the window , try to put it under neri 's jacket . neri back up , let the bill fall onto the street . then he crook a finger at the driver . neri let I see you license and registration . ext day : motel balcony lampone on the motel balcony spot a cadillac pull up . it park . a young , pretty girl get out . quickly , he return into the room . int day : HOTEL stair ( 1955 ) clemenza be climb the back stair of a large hotel . he round the corner , puff a little , and then continue upward . int day : church the Church . Close on the priest 's finger as he gently apply oil to the infant 's ear and nostril . priest ephetha ... be open ... so you may perceive the fragrance of God 's sweetness . ext day : rockefeller CENTER ( 1955 ) the driver of the limousine in front of rockefeller Center be argue with neri . now the driver look up . what he sees : two men in topcoat exit the building , through the revolve glass door . neri open up fire , trapping barzini in the shatter glass door . the door still rotate , move the dead body of barzini within they . int day : church in the Church -- the view on michael . the priest hand he the infant . priest do you renounce Satan . michael I do renounce he . priest and all he work ? michael I do renounce they . int day : motel murder ( 1955 ) lampone , back up by two other men in he regime , run down the iron-rail step , and kick in the door on room 7f . philip tattaglia , old and wizen and naked , leap up ; a semi-nude young girl lean up . they be riddled with gunfire . int day : HOTEL stair ( 1955 ) clemenza , huffing and puffing , climb the back stair , with he package . int day : church the priest pour water over the forehead of the infant michael hold . priest do you wish to be baptize ? michael I do wish to be baptize . int day : HOTEL elevator murder ( 1955 ) clemenza , out of breath , climb the final few step . he walk through some glass door , and move to a ornate elevator wait shaft . the light indicate the elevator have arrive . the door open , and we see a surprised cuneo stand with the dapper moe greene . clemenza fire into the small elevator with a shotgun . the priest hand a light candle to michael . priest I christen you Michael Francis rizzi . flash bulb go off . everyone be smile , and crowd around michael , kay , connie ... and carlo . --------------------------------------FADE out ---------- ext day : church ( 1955 ) the christen party outside the Church . four or five limousine have be wait ; now pull up to receive mama , connie and the baby ; and the other . everyone be very happy ; only michael seem aloof and grave . as the fuss be go on , a car pull up . lampone get out and work he way to michael . he whisper in he ear . this be the news michael have be wait for . connie hold the baby up to michael . connie kiss you godfather . the infant turn its head , and michael use that as a excuse to back away . michael Carlo ... we have have a change in the plan . mama , connie , Kay and the kid will have to take the trip out to Vegas without we . connie oh Mike , it 's we first vacation together . carlo ( anxious to please ) Jesus , connie ... sure , Mike ... michael go back to you house and wait for I ... he kiss kay . michael ( to kay ) I will just be a couple of day ... people be guide to the correct limousine ; they start to drive off . int day : don's kitchen tessio sit in the Kitchen of the Main House on the mall . hagen enter . hagen you would better make you call to barzini ; Michael 's ready . tessio nod ; move to the telephone and dial a number . tessio we be on we way to Brooklyn . he hang up and smile . tessio I hope Mike can get we a good deal tonight . hagen ( gravely ) I be sure he will . ext day : mall ( 1955 ) the two men walk out onto the mall , toward a car . on they way they be stop by two bodyguard . button man the boss say he will come in a separate car . he say for you two to go on ahead . tessio ( frown ) Hell , he can not do that . it screw up all my arrangement . three more bodyguard appear around he . hagen ( gently ) I can not go with you either , tessio . he flash at the man surround he ; for a moment he panic , and then he accept it . tessio ( after the pause ) tell Mike it be business ... I always like he . hagen he understand that . tessio look at the man , and then pause . tessio ( softly ) Tom , can you get I off the hook ? for old time ' sake ? hagen I can not . hagen turn , and walk away from the group . then about twenty pace away , he stop , and look back . tessio be lead into a wait car . hagen look away , and walk off . int day : carlo' live room ( 1955 ) carlo rizzi be alone in he house , smoking , wait rather nervously . he move to the window and look out . what he sees : ext day : mall ( 1955 ) michael , still dress in a dark suit ; follow by neri , lampone and clemenza , then hagen . they move toward we . excitedly , carlo move to the front door ; open it . he wear a broad smile . carlo godfather ! michael you have to answer for santino . the smile on carlo 's face slowly fade , then , in a foolish attempt for safety , he slam the door in they face and back into the live room . int day : carlo' live room ( 1955 ) the door open , and the grim party enter . michael you finger sonny for the barzini people . that little farce you play out with my sister . do barzini kid you that would fool a corleone ? carlo ( dignity ) I swear I be innocent . I swear on the head of my child , I be innocent . Mike , do not do this to I , please Mike , do not do this to I ! michael ( quietly ) barzini be dead . so be Philip tattaglia , so be strachi , cuneo and moe greene ... I want to square all the family account tonight . so do not tell I you be innocent ; admit what you do . carlo be silent ; he want to talk but be terrify . michael ( almost kindly ) do not be frighten . do you think I would make my sister a widow ? do you think I would make you child fatherless ? after all , I be godfather to you son . no , you punishment be that you be out of the family business . I be put you on a plane to Vegas - - and I want you to stay there . I will send connie a allowance , that 's all . but do not keep say you be innocent ; it insult my intelligence and make I angry . who approach you , tattaglia or barzini ? carlo ( see he way out ) barzini . michael ( softly ) good , good . leave now ; there 's a car wait to take you to the airport . carlo move to the door ; open it . there be a car wait ; with a group of men around it . he look back at michael , who reassure he . michael I will call you wife and tell she what flight you be on . ext day : mall carlo move out to the mall ; the buttonmen be put he thing in the trunk . one open the front door for he . someone be sit in the rear seat , though we can not see who . carlo get into the car ; out of nervousness , he look back to see the other man . it be clemenza , who nod cordially . the motor start , and as the car pull away , clemenza suddenly throw the garrote around carlo 's neck . he choke and leap up like a fish on a line , kick he foot . the garrote be pull tighter ; carlo 's face turn color . his thrashing foot kick right through the front windshield . then the body go slack . clemenza make a foul face , and open the window as the car drive off . ext day : carlo' step ( 1955 ) michael and he party . they watch . then he turn and walk off , and they follow . ---------------------------------------FADE out --------- fade in : int nite : michael' limo en route ( 1955 ) michael sit alone in the back of he car ; neri be drive . they do not speak for a long time ; it be night -- car light flash by . neri turn back . neri you know I would never question anything you say . michael ( smile ) speak you mind . neri I will do this for you ; you know I should . michael no . this I have to do . ext nite : pizza STREET ( 1955 ) michael 's car pull up in a quiet neighborhood , near a italian pizzeria . neri open the door . michael sit in the car . int nite : pizza place ( 1955 ) he walk alone into the restaurant . a man be toss pizza dough in the air . michael where 's the boss ? man in the back . hey Frank , someone want you . a man come out of the shadow , with a strong italian accent . man what be it ? he stop , freeze in fear . it be fabrizzio . view on michael . gunfire from under he coat . fabrizzio be cut down . michael throw the gun down ; turn and exit . ext day : mall ( 1955 ) high angle on the corleone mall several move van be park in the mall ; one feel that this be the final day ; the family be move out ; sign indicate that the property be for sale be evident . a black limousine pull up , and before it have even stop , the rear door fly open , and connie attempt to run out , restrain by mama . she manage to break free and run across the mall into Michael 's house . int day : don's live room ( 1955 ) Inside the corleone house . Big box have be pack ; furniture prepare for shipping . connie Michael ! she hurry into the live room , where she come upon michael and kay . kay ( comforting ) connie ... but connie avoid she , and move directly to michael . neri be watchful . connie you lousy bastard ; you kill my husband ... kay connie ... connie you wait until we father die and nobody could stop you and you kill he , you kill he ! you blame he about sonny , you always do , everybody do . but you never think about I , never give a damn about I . ( cry ) what be I go to do now , what be I go to do . two of Michael 's bodyguard move closer , ready for order from he . but he stand there , wait for he sister to finish . kay connie , how could you say such thing ? connie why do you think he keep Carlo on the mall ? all the time he know he be go to kill my husband . but he do not dare while my father be alive . and then he stand godfather to we child . that coldheart bastard . ( to kay ) and do you know how many man he have kill with Carlo ? just read the papers . that 's you husband . she try to spit into michael 's face ; but in she hysteria she have no saliva . michael get she home and get a doctor . the two bodyguard immediately take she arm and move she , gently but firmly . kay be shocked ; never take she look of amazement from michael . he feel she look . michael she 's hysterical . but kay will not let he avoid she eye . kay Michael , it 's not true . please tell I . michael do not ask I . kay tell I ! michael all right , this one time I will let you ask about my affair , one last time . kay be it true ? she look directly into he eye , he return the look , so directly that we know he will tell the truth . michael ( after a very long pause ) no. kay be relieved ; she throw she arm around he , and hug he . then she kiss he . kay ( through she tear ) we both need a drink . int day : don's kitchen ( 1955 ) she move back into the kitchen and begin to prepare the drink . from she vantage point , as she smilingly make the drink , she see clemenza , neri and rocco lampone enter the house with they bodyguard . she watch with curiosity , as michael stand to receive they . he stand arrogantly at ease , weight rest on one foot slightly behind the other . one hand on he hip , like a Roman Emperor . the caporegime stand before he . clemenza take michael 's hand , kissing it . clemenza Don corleone ... the smile fade from kay 's face , as she look at what she husband have become . int day : church ( 1955 ) kay wear a shawl over she hand . she drop many coin in the coin box , and lift a burn taper , and one by one , in a pattern know only to herself , light thirty candle . the end