& 3 idiot fit t the original screenplay m3 idiot fiem the original screenplay om book International first publish in 2010 om book International corporate & editorial Office a - 12 , sector 64 , noida 201 301 uttar pradesh , India phone : +91 120 477 4100 sale Office 4379/4b , prakash House , ansari Road darya ganj , New Delhi 110 002 , India phone : +91 11 2326 3363 , 2326 5303 91 11 2327 8091 email : sales@ombooks.com website : www.ombooks.com fax : '' vinod chopra film pvt . ltd. wwvvinodchopra.com er visual '' vinod chopra film pvt . ltd. poster on front cover by rahul nanda ( h - one ) nceptualise & compile by smriti kiran er Design by sneha pamneja Book Design by shraboni Roy ' typeset by mindways Design , New Delhi all rights reserve . no part of form by any mean , electronic or mechanical , include photocopy and recording , or by be book may be reproduce or transmit in any any information storage and retrieval system , except as may be expressly permit in write by the publisher . isbn : 978-93-80070-18-6 10987654321 printed at replika Press pye. lrd. , India content 391 409 421 acknowledgement introduction : rajkumar hirani the original screenplay the method in the madness : rajkumar hirani , abhijat joshi , & vidhu Vinod chopra recollect : smriti kiran thing of beauty : abhijat joshi caste a spell : smriti kiran open credit end credit profile publisher 's note acknowledgements India produce about 800 film every year but not even eight get document . there be no read material available for film student or film lover on the behind - the-scene action , the vision of the filmmaker , and the process involved in make a film . lage raho munnabhai : the original screenplay be publish last year . 3 idiot : the original screenplay be we second attempt in this direction . this book be not just the screenplay ; it be also a peek into the mind of its maker . I would like to thank smriti kiran who take the initiative to come up with this book within 5 month of the release of the film . she have spend many long day and long night chase the cast and crew , write and rewrite , with a smile on she face . without she persistence , this book would not have happen . I would also like to thank Ajay mago and he team at om book International for give shape to we vision . talso wish to thank maheep dhillon for tirelessly redrafting the screenplay ; supriya kelkar for she eye for detail ; rohan mapuskar for poring over the dialogue ; dileep desai , amit gulati , mustafa neemuchwala , teja pratap , insia lacewalla for production support ; anupama chopra for she invaluable insight . and Vinod chopra for clear all obstacle as always . — rajkumar hirani 02_acknowledgements.indd 7 5/31/2010 1:46:14 am 02_acknowledgements.indd 8 5/31/2010 1:46:17 am introduction 03_introduction.indd 9 5/31/2010 1:47:14 am 03_introduction.indd 10 6/31/2010 1:47:17 am every story have a back story and so do mine . my father , suresh hirani , be fourteen year old when he along with the family move to India during partition . initially , they take shelter in refugee camp in Agra and later shift to ferozabad . he have lose everything so education be low on the priority list . there be more press and immediate concern like food , clothes , and shelter to worry about . to make end meet , my father start work in a bangle factory where he paint pattern on bangle . later , he begin sell ice-cream on the street . despite compelling and adverse circumstance , he thirst for knowledge do not wane . my father 's sister , who be marry in nagpur , get he a job there in a general store as a store attendant . the city bring with it opportunity . my father enrol himself in night school . work in the day and class at night continue and he somehow manage to graduate . fortify with a degree and some savings , he be itching to grow . so when a friend suggest that typewriter , which be new at the time , be the future , my father decide to explore this avenue . he invest he life 's savings , borrow the rest of the money need and open a typewrite institute which be refer to as a ' commerce Institute 's then . my father christen it ' rajkumar commerce Institute 's . I be not even bear then . so now you know that I be name after a typewrite institute and not the other way round ! most parent would name they enterprise after they child , but I have have the rare honour of be name after my father 's enterprise . I be proud of that fact . my father 's business flourish . he get marry and I be bear soon after . the plan be to get into engineering but I do not have enough mark in my higher secondary exam ( 12th standard ) to make the cut so I study commerce . I have also enrol in this foundation course for charter accountancy simultaneously , the class for which be hold in the evening . at the end of the foundation 03_introduction.indd 11 6/31/2010 1:47:17 am course , the exam for charter accountancy be to be hold . I despise this class from the very beginning . I have no interest in charter accountancy and this class be a huge imposition , both in term of time and the fact that I be waste this time on something I know be not for I . but I have the baggage of the engineering debacle on my head so abandon this very viable option would have appear self - indulgent , foolish , and luxurious at the time . I be afraid I rajkumar hirani with he father , suresh hirani . photo credit himmat Singh sekhwat , tehelka would hurt my parent and also somewhat scared to take this step that could harm my ' future 's . I carry on with the charade . subconsciously , I be aware that there be some set presumption about my future . I be expect to either become a charter accountant or take over my father 's business . both possibility mortify I . though at that point in time , I be not think about what would make I happy . like any normal person , I have responsibility and the usual concern that range from job to future to career . as 12 03_introduction.indd 12 6/31/2010 1:47:17 am the time for the foundation course 's exam draw close , I would often wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweat . finally , the exam be upon I . I realise that there be no escape the inevitable . it be imperative to tell my father that I find a root canal procedure more exciting than charter accountancy . even after twenty year , that evening be as clear in my head as if it have happen just yesterday . tt be a regular evening in nagpur but for I it be go to be the most significant and decisive evening of my life . my father be stand alone in the live room . I walk in and walk up to where he be stand , take lead - laden step . my throat be dry with uncertainty and fear . it be one thing to tell you father that you do not want to pursue what seem like a excellent career choice but it be another thing to not offer a alternative plan . the only thing I be clear about be that charter accountancy be not my cup of tea . my voice quiver with apprehension as I tell he that I do not want to take the exam because I do not enjoy charter accountancy at all . he look at I and then in the most nonchalant manner tell I to not do it and join he office start next morning . it be as short and simple as that . I be ecstatic . the weight of the world have lift from my shoulder . I feel free . this happen during the period lead up to the festival makar sankranti which be know for kite fly . I remember run up to we terrace right after ' the conversation 's and fly kite with this silly grin on my face . now , the kite fly seem almost like a symbol for the sense of freedom and relief that have sweep over I that day . my commerce class in college occupy only four hour of my time in the morning ( 7 be to 11.00 be ) , so the rest of my time be devote to help my father with he business ( 11.30 be to 6.30 pm ) which have graduate from type course to repair and sell new kind of calculator and other office equipment . I immerse myself in it with the gusto of a man who have just be extract from the gallow . I use to teach type , go out and give demo to prospective client , and repair spoiled unit . I be even send to Delhi to do a course in repair electronic calculator . this be the period where I have my first brush with theatre . I meet narendra thakur and a few other student who use to perform and produce play regularly at we college . I join they . ( before this , my only experience on stage be in the 9th standard . I be cast in the role of ' noorjahan 's in a play . ) I become a regular with the theatre gang . abandon the foundation course open up my evening to 13 03_introductionindd 13 , 6/31/2010 1:47:22 am be occupy , and occupy they be with write , read , and brainstorm about play . this stir something within I . I have always believe that there be two approach to learn : one be to study something academically and the other be to get interested in something and then start to gather material on it and learn about it . the latter be always a more gratify experience . I would hunt for Hindi play in quaint bookshop . I would devour anything on theatre . we would participate in competition , youth festival , and travel to any place that even hint at a opportunity for exposure in the field . youth festival be a platform where team from all the college in nagpur come and perform . at one such festival , I meet another theatre group which be perform for the nagpur Medical College . there be a few people in that group , especially debashish Naha , who be passionate about theatre and take this enterprise very seriously . there be a instant connection with debashish and soon we friendship lead to my theatre group merge with he to form a new theatre group call awaaz . debashish and I would spend hour work on play . he would get I play write in bangla find he voice ... perform on stage ( middle ) for awaaz , in nagpur . 14 03_introductionindd 14 6/31/2010 1:47:22 am and we would sit down and translate they in Hindi . we start put up play under we banner . personality such as marathi theatre - director kishore kulkarni , who have receive acclaim on stage be invite to direct play for we group . we learn under many such people who have a command over they craft and a natural flair for the medium . since everyone be busy till 6 pm everyday , we use to meet after that . this meeting be hold either at the bengali Association Hall or at the sindhi gurudwara nearby which have a hall , or at the local school hall . wherever we find some empty space , we park ourselves . the rehearsals use to go on till midnight . we pursue this with such passion that theatre soon become a obsession . we manage to put up a record three to four play a year . this play be not restrict to perform at college . we start put up tickete show . apart from the creative aspect , the entire production of the play be handle by we . we organised everything from book the hall , put up the set , prop , costume , account , and even tickete . watch play be not the prefer pastime in nagpur , so we use to sell the ticket to friend and relative . account be maintain diligently . in fact , I still have some of the account from that day . we use to barely cover we production cost and that be all we want . we be not do this for profit . we just want to be able to put up play and hope to cover cost and use the money to put up the next one . on that rare occasion , if anything be earn over and above the production cost , it ensure a grand meal for we entire group . it be not difficult to speak to my father the second time . intuitive and observant , he be not blind to my grow passion for theatre . the suggestion to tread this path in earnest come from my father . he tell I to enrol in a program to get formal education ( my father be a great believer in learn ) in the field of write , direct , and storytelling . the natural choice be to apply to the Film and Television Institute of India ( fti ) . my first attempt ( 1983 ) to get into ftii in the direction course be unsuccessful . I have very little knowledge of the exam and the enrolment procedure . I have travel to Mumbai to take the exam . there I learn that the entrance exam for ftii be exactly like bank exam , and anyone study for it would clear it without blink . I also realise that seat for the direction course be few and almost everyone apply for this course . I come back to nagpur and enrol myself in the faculty of Law as that seem like a reasonable option if thing do not work out . alongside , I start prepare for the ftii exam . the next year ( 1984 ) , I apply again to ftii but 15 03_introduction.indd 15 5/31/2010 1:47:30 am learn the grammar of cinema ... at fil . this time for the editing and not the direction course . I get admission . the day I receive the telegram , inform I about my admission to ftii , be the happiest day of my life . I be delirious with joy . I think I have arrive and my life be make . this think stem from naiveté . sitting in nagpur , I have only hear of the ten to fifteen name of really successful people who have graduate from ftii so I assume that get admission mean I be set up for life . I look at my admission in the Institute as one look at get into law school or engineering . once you get in and work hard , the moment you graduate , you become a director . all this illusion be shattered two day into my time at ftii . my enthusiasm be replace by a inferiority complex . I be from a small town in the midst of student waxing eloquent about theory , film , and idea that be Greek and Latin to I . it take I time but I find my foot again and get my voice back . it teach I a very important lesson : you can not lose yourself just by perceive yourself to know less . if stereotype have to be break , then first they have to be break within you . 16 03_introduction.indd 16 5/31/2010 1:47:30 am thus , begin the journey of disillusionment and enlightenment , unlearn and learn , passion , failure , and fulfillment . after three year at ftii , I move to Mumbai ( 1987 ) and stay with my friend and batchmate sriram raghavan ( filmmaker ) . my first job be as a editor on a advertisement direct by bharat rangachari . after this , I be recommend by late editor renu saluja and I edit a documentary . I be pay rs 1500 for my first job and rs 500 for the second one . but thing be slow to come by . after sometime , the situation become precarious . video have just explode on the scene so we be hard press for assignment as we do not know how to edit on video . I could not even turn to my father for help because he be go through a financial slump . his business of typewriter have take a beat because of the arrival of computer . so both my father and I be face what you can term a ' technological gap 's . the first year in Mumbai ( 1987 ) , after pass out from the Institute , be a difficult one . I come very close to give up during that year . there be many dark night of the soul . I think about go back to nagpur . maybe do something related to cinema there . it be a matter of survival , and the strangest option come to my mind . I entertained the idea of shoot marriage video creatively and put a completely unique spin to they . maybe do multiple camera set-up and scale thing up considerably . export , which be a much talk about thing back then , be the other option that come to mind . I go to Fort in Mumbai ( there be many street vendor of second - hand book in Fort ) and pick up a book on export . I be desperately grop in the dark try to hold on to something . fortunately , ftii revive its one-month video course that be promise to we . we rush back to the Institute for the course . after one month , we return to Mumbai with the knowledge of what would be we survival kit in the city : video editing . I join a editing studio call ekta Studio ( 1988 ) as a in - house editor on a monthly salary of rs 1000 . my six - month stint here give I enough contact and clout in the market to get regular work . I tell myself , rather theatrically , that it matter not if I do not make a lot of money : this life I have devote to cinema . I convinced myself with something as dramatic as that . once you accept this , then the dark night disappear and all night convert to be night of battle : the battle to become better , to excel , to strive towards quality . during this phase of find my foot in the business , sanjay leela bhansali , my peer from ftii , who be assist Vinod , call I to edit the promo of 1942 : a Love Story ( 1992 ) . but thing do not go beyond that just yet . meanwhile , from editing I 17 03_introduction.indd 17 5/31/2010 1:47:34 am have move up to direct advertising film and open my own production house call canvas film ( 1991 ) . in 1998 , I be call in to edit the promo of kareeb as well because Vinod have like my work on 1942 : a Love Story . this be again a one - off stint . I continue do work in advertising . canvas film flourish and I become financially secure . I have settle into a comfortable pattern till the morning I receive a call from Vinod ( 2000 ) . he want I to edit Mission Kashmir . not just the promo but the entire film . initially , I be reluctant as I do not want to leave a lucrative set-up . but once I learn of renu 's condition ( renu , Vinod 's first wife and film editor , be suffer from cancer and she condition be go from bad to worse with each pass day ) , I could not say no . it be during the make of Mission Kashmir that my latent desire to direct a feature film resurface . watch cinema be make with such passion and commitment by Vinod and he team rekindle the spirit in I that I have in my theatre day . * # , 2 & 7 cv a mile to go before I sleep ... 18 03_introductionindd 18 5/31/2010 1:47:34 am I know I be ready to make a film . and I begin work on write my first film . how munna bhai come about be another long story but that I will keep for the book on munna bhai m.b.b.s . so why do I just spill my gut and share my life with you ? simply because so much of 3 / diot be personal . 1 be a small town man from nagpur with no connection or background in film . I start work towards something that make I happy and that be all there be to it . I work with passion and honesty , and even if success have not come my way , I would still have be really happy as I get to chase my dream . it have be a long and wonderful ride , but the key here be , it have be a ride of my choice . the desire to make 3 idiot stem from this think . I be not try to say that engineering or charter accountancy or any other profession for that matter be any less than wildlife photography or filmmake , and so on . my belief be simple . choose you own path . choose without fear . it be not a foolproof formula for happiness or success but it be definitely one that be most likely to work . — rajkumar hirani 19 03_introduction.indd 19 5/31/2010 1:47:35 am 03_introduction.indd 20 5/31/2010 1:47:96 am the original screenplay ext . airport — day a plane taxie on the runway . int . airplane — day a AIR hostess close the overhead bin . farhan ( 30 ) , a passenger , be read a book when he phone ring . he scramble for it , embarrassed he have not turn it off . other passenger look at he disapprovingly . he sheepishly take the call . wer a beat . wer ( incredulous ) a ? AIR hostess Sir , kindly switch off you mobile phone . farhan just one sec , please , one sec , please . the airplane revs its engine . farhan hang up , look disturb . he try to catch the attention of the Air hostess . farhan Excuse I . the plane race down the runway . farhan appear to be in acute physical discomfort as the plane take off . farhan hello ... yes ? farhan ' what ? farhan ( to the Air hostess ) Excuse I . he unbuckle he seat belt and stand up . the Air hostess be alarmed . AIR hostess Sir , please sit down . farhan try to steady himself but keel over and fall in the aisle , unconscious . AIR hostess ( into the phone ) Captain , there 's a medical emergency . a passenger have just fall down in the aisle . int . cockpit — continuous captain Delhi , Air India 101 return due to medical emergency . ext . airport — continuous the plane return to the airport . int . airplane — continuous the Air hostess rush to help farhan . AIR hostess Excuse I Sir . Sir , excuse I . Sir , excuse I sir. int . terminal —- moment later the airline ground staff anda doctor be take a unconscious farhan on a 24 wheelchair through the terminal . as they approach the exit , farhan open he eye , look around furtively , and jump out of the wheelchair . wear un fare ! farhan take several deep breath . the Doctor and the airline staff be astonished and concerned . rem wat F faga ste €1 aq ore att a T , ary ait be ) fo gar a T farhan start run towards the exit . the flummox Medical staff call out after he . medical staff gentleman , wait ! farhan charge through the crowded terminal , slow down only once he near the exit . ext . airport — continuous outside the terminal , wait for arrive passenger , be a queue of driver hold placard . farhan randomly pick one with a placard that read mr. dhillon . wer ast frere be | the driver look at farhan suspiciously . farhan hold on ! farhan I be fine now , thanks . carry on , please . I will go . farhan get the cab yaar ! gait fi. faethe wer wal , art get ee pear be at at frat be mat int . cab / ext . DELHI road — moment later farhan be in the cab and on the move . he take out he phone and start to dial a number . gat a atl a beat . int . raju 's new house / cab — day the screen of raju 's phone , on he bedside table , illuminate with farhan 's call . raju ( 30 ) peep out from under the bedsheet , grab the phone , look at it and answer it . ae wear a sett agree at foote fae F ae ger Wed wt EI 26 driver Mr. dhillon ? farhan want the name tattooe ? get the car fast man ! driver to the hotel , Sir ? farhan yes , yes , but via vasant vihar . farhan step on the gas , dude ! raju yeah , farhan ? farhan get ready . I will pick you up in five minute . mh ( sleepily ) a sa ae ? wear ade be wet be fara fer ? wy am aer ? ret wer 21 raju sit up on the bed with a jerk . in the balcony , outside the room , he wife , sooni , do breathe exercise . a att wer 3 ? rem at , ater fe ae tay & frat & at ae be at sa at to , zt f1 raju ( look at he watch ) oh , shuck ! wear a gt aedt gee at at ai wt he grab a toothbrush and tube of toothpaste and rush back into the room . sooni give he a puzzle look as he throw on a kurta . 27 raju what happen ? farhan chatur call . remember he ? raju who ? ' silencer 's ? farhan yeah . he say rancho be come . raju ' what ? farhan he say : if you want to meet rancho come to the campus at 8 . on the tank . farhan hurry ! raju ok. att '' ary ee F be ver so ) ae a he grab he shoe mh . a ... hat eret fet tat in response , sooni indicate something with she eye , without break she breathe pattern . ret I ? she gesture frantically , without speak . WA a # be a aear 21 ata she finally break she breathe pattern and yell out to he . ait at the at ver & orsir ext . raju 's new house - continuous raju run out of he home , shoe , water bottle , toothbrush , and toothpaste in hand . he be not wear he trousers . farhan 's cab screech to a halt in front of he and he get in . they take off . bere we at aea ora at ae ? 28 raju sooni , I will be back soon . oh , shoe . raju we find we buddy . raju what ? raju I will talk after come back — bye . sooni you forget you pants . driver now to the hotel , Sir ? ret site efafraftt a a 1 seat ( with resignation ) ah atl raju shake out he shoe , peer into they . wt ( disappointed ) pert ( amused ) I ae St a we wer ze , ad aa the - be af ge vat 21 startle , raju look down at he bare leg . wh sire a ! farhan chuckle . ext . imperial college of engineering —~ moment later the taxi enter the campus of Imperial College of Engineering ( ice ) . it come to a halt in front of a building . raju run out , brush he tooth . farhan follow , call out instruction to the driver . 29 farhan yes , but via Imperial College of Engineering . driver ok , sir. raju forget my sock . farhan more than just you sock . you pants . raju oh no ! wer ame ST ) ae as aed at es s| sat area year sar ) a aere ae — foot ext . airport — day a sikh man wait outside the airport . refer to the slip of paper in he hand , he speak into he phone . ( angrily ) foct : west ao at we fote wa a ? ext . water tank , ice — day farhan and raju bolt up the step towards the water tank . they climb up the ladder that lead to the terrace of the tank , and emerge , panting . chatur ( 30 ) , stand at the far end of the terrace , he back to they . raju and farhan frantically search the terrace . wer ( look around ) va ! no rancho in sight , they finally walk up to chatur . wear 30 farhan now get my brother from the airport . same last name — dhillon . harbhajan singh dhillon this be dhillon . where 's my cab ? on the runway ? farhan hey rancho . raju hey chatur , where 's rancho ? farhan where 's rancho ? chatur type something on he fancy phone . the electronic English to Hindi dictionary show the translation liquor = madiera ' on the phone screen . chatur ( calmly ) welcome , idiot . he turn to face they . att afer fear ? ( take out a bottle from he jacket pocket ) a at fa th be ae fe a ? he throw the bottle at they . farhan catch it . chatur have a drink . mh ( exasperate ) aart @ 1 ved ao ear ! chatur hold up he phone to raju and farhan . on the screen be a picture of he wife in front of a mansion . var , efeaey 3.5 fafa chatur press a button on the phone . 31 chatur some ' madeira 's for you ? the same rum you guzzle that day . raju where be rancho ? chatur I will tell you . first look at this . chatur do not eye my wife . check out the mansion behind , idiot , $ 3.5 million . as a slide show of photograph start on it , he keep up a run commentary . chatur swim pool — heat . live room — maple wood flooring . the photograph change on the phone . chatur my new lambhorghini 6496 cc — very fast ! farhan and raju be perplex . a ey wii fear wer % a a ? age a 1a ? chatur 's finger glide over he phone again . a date appear on screen : 5th September . at we wa &? ( look at the phone ) ofa fraaz art at se ) aie var be ? chatur push through they and shuffles up to the dome- like structure in the centre of the terrace . he wipe the fungus off a portion of the wall , to reveal a date chisell into it — sept 5 . farhan and raju look on , baffle . 32 farhan why'te you show we all this ? chatur forget ? chatur what 's this ? raju '' sth September 's . today 's date . what else ? flash : its ten year back . a drunk and angry chatur stand next to the same wall and yell . ae a wr de ) ae at be att meet ) tf ) at a & ret fa , ahr saer weep b12 herr ? ater ? set ? sitet ? end of flash age ~ ~ . ae we oer ? wet 4 oe sfeae a of amg at ) omg ae ae sire ong wr ae | farhan lose he temper . he fling down the bottle he be hold at chatur . it shatter at chatur 's foot . he move threateningly towards chatur but raju hold he back . ret at , F eae wear ws h ort e1 a amt the dt & ora 2 ) fe be a fret & faci ota arr a et saat ge have @| fret & fe 4e aan , aél gar ) oie ga war ara 2 , af ae yee at to & fer get sre ? chatur continue , unfaze . ade set aoa ) ase be at weF atet | farhan lunge at chatur . chatur I challenge you . we will meet again afier ten year . same day . same place . we will see who 's more successful . have the ball ? cmon , bet ! chatur remember ? I would challenge that idiot right here . I keep my promise . I be back . farhan jackass ! I abort a flight , he forget he pants all to meet rancho . five year we have searched . do not even know if he 's alive . and you think he will show up for you silly bet . chatur I know he will not show up . wear ak 1 gab aia deat & be F aie ? mh ( restrain farhan ) at ey wit gear ? ae . 5 5 5 va a fear aah sit dt wet we no ait F pet ves wa wh 5 yaad that arasy 2 tt het 2 ? el '' wear well & Pat ? chatur he be in shimla . farhan and raju 's face light up with hope and happiness . ext . enroute to shimla — day open titles roll . pbs 1 — behti hawa sa tha woh godt ea a at at ws at at at at godt ea a at at set at at at at 34 farhan you gonna break he jaw or should [ 2 raju so why do you call we here ? chatur to meet rancho . come and see where I have reach and where he rot . raju so you know where rancho be ? chatur yes . farhan where ? free as the wind be he like a soar kite be he where do he go ... let find he free as the wind be he like a soar kite be he Area , wererat , ea F aerar be be ea at wet at pes aad a th mt BT ht fata a we a ga & fra a at wer 8 aay be at gee ean fer be arid ot F ote & sar reat 7 ae & sar we & be t be Far be be e T wet ah ved ee qo aea tate a patat oe rr ae & Rat be be qo a at at ae batt a at chatur 's suv be cruise along on the beautiful road lead up to shimla . int . suv — continuous chatur be at the wheel . farhan sit next to he , in the front . raju , still without pants , sit in the backseat . farhan look out of the window and reminisc . 35 where do he go ... let find he we be lead by the path we take while he carve a path of he own stumble , rise , carefree walk he we fretted about the morrow he simply revelle in today live each moment to the fullest where do he come from ... he who touch we heart and vanish ... where do he go ... let find he in scorching Sun , he be like a patch of shade ... in a endless desert , like a oasis ... on a bruise heart , like soothing balm be he afraid , we stay confine in the well fearless , he frolick in the river never hesitate to swim against the tide he wander lonesome as a cloud . yet he be we dearest friend where do he go ... let find he wear wat | wrersera earrerera ore | saar be do gam 4 a ga of aep wp the 8 , a él ariey at be Te the suv enter a tunnel and the screen go black . flashback : montage a shoal of sperm surge forward . one happy sperm race ahead and hit the ova . rem ( v.o. ) arat der ae & fae ff de at pater efy 4 tq aarit have at from the point of view of the mother deliver the baby , the glove hand of a doctor bring out a baby . we vo . 19781 at wey ya aot dee faq y get ! hrem ( v.o . ) ae oa aver aie fae we ae F ter ger efafrae tt | wer ait dan . sitar 36 farhan rancho . ranchhoddas shamaldas chanchad . he be as unique as he name . from birth we be teach — life be a race . run fast or you will be trample . farhan even to be bear , one have to race 300 million sperm . farhan 1978 . I be bear at 5.15 pm . farhan at 5.16 , my father announce ... farhan 's father my son will be a engineer . farhan 's aunty farhan qureshi . b.tech. engineer . a Imperial College of Engineering identity card , with farhan 's photograph on it , be stamp . farhan and my fate be seal . ext . imperial college of engineering — day from the stamp on the card , dissolve to the ice logo outside the ice campus where farhan stand face it . it 's ten year back . he have a suitcase in one hand , a holdall in another , a rucksack on he back and a pillow tuck under he arm . wr ( v.o. ) gar aaa creat at , aren foot 7 ger aw te! farhan walk into the college . ext . corridor , ice - continuous he enter a corridor bustling with freshmen and walk up to the notice board . he move he finger up the room list and stop on he name . next to he name be the name of he room -mate . farhan read aloud . ret farhan note the room number . just then , manmohan , aka millimeter , a street - smart 12 year old , come up behind he . 37 farhan ' what I want to be ... no one ask . farhan raju rastogi , ranchhoddas chanchad . prefer eh aeae seit | a startle farhan turn to face he . farhan D - 26. millimeter pick up farhan 's bag and start to walk away . fairer ait | farhan follow he , take in the ambience of the college as they walk . farcitier Home eet ) wy wy ) | a efitaad att meet , ae Sf arr 2 , aici fas have 81 at Te farhan spot a litter of puppy and get excited . wear saa whs | he take out a camera from he rucksack and click they photograph from different angle . faeittex q fectage 1 a amege eat a saat at , atma ] ! | at at , get a at a sra age wat aed 38 millimeter room number ? millimeter c'mon . millimeter I be man mohan . m.m. this engineer call I millimeter . for egg , bread , milk , laundry , finish journal , copying assignment , I be you guy . fix rate . no bargain . farhan hey wait , hold this . millimeter meet kilobyte , megabyte , and they mother gigabyte . go ahead , click — this family do not bite . still picture of gigabyte and the puppy cover the screen . int . room , hostel , ice - continuous the door open and millimeter and farhan enter the room . glancing at they briefly , raju continue to perform ' aarti 's in front of a wall cover with picture of different god and goddess . faeirtree ait at war we oie wt amuse , farhan look at the wall , and then extend he hand to raju . rem be ) ert atti mh ( ignore the proffer hand ) hag wari raju immediately go back to praying . millimeter be put farhan 's bag in a corner . he look at farhan . raju start to move around the room with a ' puja thal 's with burn incense on it . with the turn of he hand , he shove the fume from the incense in every corner of the room . freffiex wast ft | ar fer sae wt at at ST amy wart & fava go area ... flee ag 4 ait asat at aie wren sie meem — to warm , we ae fear eI 39 millimeter check he out ... soul . another god-fear farhan hi. farhan qureshi , raju I be raju rastogi . millimeter do not worry , a few day here and he will lose faith in God . then naked babe will be on the wall , and he will say — '' oh God , give I one chance with she '' . my ( irritate at millimeter 's irreverence ) a , aot frm get 81 frepet fairer be saa at ) et suan we be ) wear a ) tea oa do wa a farcitirer war aifea ) gat om be fea fear be art at gaat we fey er sist ae millimeter leave the room . raju wonder . wh wat ? ext . corridor , hostel , ice — night in the corridor , a group of bare chest freshmen , stand in a row , take off they pants to reveal they underwear . they bend down and shout in unison . a faereff seine , gait tz a in a coordinate move , they spin around and offer up they backside , patting they . a faereff 40 raju get out of here . millimeter four buck . two per bag . farhan here 's five . keep the change . millimeter thanks boss . for you tip , here 's one in return — wear you best underwear tonight . raju all student you majesty , thou art great . all student accept this humble offer . a senior move down the line , inspect butt and stamp they . thin aiae 1 be , a at the 21 g1 a a ar , arel at , at atl et et at peeper perper fererat | farhan and raju be part of the butt - offer line - up . tert ( v.o. ) sad wie a feat e be , a sari ae 2 4 , fe geri F ah 9 , ga sy from they position of obeisance , farhan and raju spot rancho . though laden with luggage , he walk briskly into the corridor , before falter to a halt . bewildere , he take in the scene before he . to he right , a group of freshmen in they underwear perform pelvic thrust to a senior 's instruction . a at , ae sat he cut he eye to the leave . there , chatur , in he snazzy brief , do a James bond act . and then , rancho be spot by a predator . thin aiae 1 . deer ) we ae ) tre sate ae oo a at ragging senior 1 ha ... here 's a he-man . what a pretty piece . cute and compact . farhan a campus tradition — on Day 1 . freshmen must pay they respects to senior in they underwear . this be when we first see rancho . ragging senior spiderman , batman . ragging senior 1 Fresh meat , greeting . Drop you pants , get stamp . the senior crow in delight . fry aifsae 1 art gar @ ae ? ater ragging senior 2 pull out the name tag from rancho 's bag . do aifrae 2 thin aifrae 1 ae oe et stat | stir aifrae 1 aet - the gar ! the care rancho be silent , roote to the spot . yr aira 1 ragging senior 1 take out rancho 's water bottle from he bag and empty the bottle into the pocket of he jeans . thin aifrae 1 ae gre wat vera seq ) that sa wa rancho do not react . instead , he hold he hand over he heart and mumble . _ {rr aifraz 1 wat eat ? 42 ragging senior 1 name ? ragging senior 2 ' ranchhoddas shamaldas chanchad 's . ragging senior 1 what a mouthful ! cram , need serious ragging senior 1 come on — pants off . ragging senior 1 be stubborn ? ragging senior 1 wet pants not good , kiddo . take they off . rancho aal izz well ... aal izz well . ragging senior 1 what 's that ? farhan and raju be so immerse in rancho 's situation that they inadvertently straighten up , pull up they pants . eer ( whisper to raju ) a they att war 2 ? rancho do not break he silence . ragging senior 1 gesture to chatur . thin aiae 1 q ae aya za ) 0 sey ais - ayat eal a ! chatur obediently run up to rancho . chatur take off you pants or they be go to piss on you . thin aiae 1 aie ofit , feed ster F of arth be chatur sorry Sir , I be bear in uganda , study in pondicherry , so little slow in Hindi . thin aiae 1 at eaiteit be at sai cett fear 21 leave chatur to explain , ragging senior 1 walk up to farhan and raju . thin aiae 1 fee a vest fran ora ? 43 rancho aal izz well ... aal izz well . farhan what do he say ? ragging senior 1 someone tell he . hey James bond — make he understand ! ragging senior 1 hey 007 ! ashame to speak Hindi ? ragging senior 1 so explain slowly . no hurry . ragging senior 1 feeling cold ? chatur open he dictionary and put together a literal translation of the senior 's threat . a sale aéf dt ae be we Aafia eer | the senior burst out laugh . ur dia 1 a ) faa at qafract de ? ' fir diay 2 the senior be absorb in make fun of chatur . rancho take advantage of this distraction and slip into he room , bang the door shut . ragging senior 1 notice this and run after he . he start bang on the door . ur dia 1 a wet to art ... boge a T all the student , include farhan and raju , watch with interest . ragging senior 1 call out threateningly . ur dia 1 aet at , wa a. eh a a ae wary yate be | there be no response from the room . chatur pray undress or he will do ' urine - expulsion 's on you . ragging senior 1 call pissing ' urine - expulsion 's ! ragging senior 2 a true linguist in the land of engineer ! ragging senior 1 hey , come out of there . ragging senior 1 come out or ... of I will do ' urine - expulsion 's on you door . ehry aifaae 1 aq om far ) aver sé ater at — at h - dh gt aie 4 at cea 7 ae bet | Inside the room , rancho think . fir aifrae wh. att he look around the room and as he eye rest on the ceiling , he seem to have find a solution . ehry aifaae 1 be ! rancho look around the room again . he spot something and throw off he rucksack move towards it . outside , curious student pour out of they room . the tension mount . fir aifrae be ! ragging senior 1 bang on the door again , ehry aifaae 1 ura ! Inside the room , rancho climb onto a chair , unscrew the bulb from the hang light and rip out its wire . finn aifaae wl 45 ragging senior 1 if you be not out by the count of ten , tl do ' urine - expulsion 's on you door all semester . ragging senior 1 one ... two . ragging senior 1 Three ! ragging senior 1 four ! ragging senior 1 five ! ragging senior 1 six ! rancho turn off the switch that the hang light be attach to . with he tooth , he bite off the plastic from the end of the wire . fier aia ara ! rancho place the expose wire end strategically under a metal spoon , and start bind the spoon to a wooden ruler . outside , in desperation , ragging senior 1 call out again . dry dia 1 be ! at ! a laugh escape farhan . the senior whip around menacingly . raju surreptitiously indicate farhan to he . Inside the room , rancho have finish bind the spoon to the wooden ruler . finn tifa wa ! angry , frustrated and with no other option , the senior walk to the door , face it and unzip . unseen by he , from underneath the door , rancho slide out the spoon . he then put on the switch that the wire under the spoon be connect to . the senior start urinate . as the stream of urine hit the spoon , he get electrocute . he jerk back and collapse , writhe in pain . the semi-naked group of freshmen break into delighted laughter . rancho 's door open and he walk out . laughter change into sound of scurrying 46 ragging senior 1 Seven ! ragging senior 1 eight ! nine ! ragging senior 1 ten ! as everyone try to get out of he way . he just walk to where he water bottle have fall , pick it up and walk back into he room . farhan and raju exchange a look . fully dress again , they open they room door tentatively . rancho be sprawle on he bed , fast asleep , not a care in the world . wear ( v.o. ) veg de foot ) sy ua atl art 7 arerg feral ext . ice — day viru sahastrabuddhe ( mid - 50 's ) cycle to work . on the carrier of he bicycle be a bird 's nest with a clay bird and five egg in it . wear ( v.o. ) a , ww ae ge tew . byer tet gard a 1 ext . hostel , ice -—- continuous millimeter stand in the centre of the hostel courtyard and call out . fareffiex to Fe at wat 2 as - ah ) we mst | foot sat farhan Salt water be a great conductor of electricity . 8th-grade -physics . we have study it . he apply it . farhan Dr. viru sahastrabuddhe be the director of ice . student call he virus , computer virus . millimeter virus be on the way , with egg . first year student be summon . come quickly . ext . campus , continuous ice - a office peon , on he bicycle , overtake the director . farhan ( v.o. ) virus be the most competitive man we have ever see . the director pedal harder to get ahead of the peon . hem ( v.o. ) ore aere fel stat a T montage the director put on a shirt and smooth he hand over the button to fasten the velcro beneath they . he hook a tie onto he collar . ert ( v.o. ) eee a & far oe 4 ger sel , jere wma 4 , att ag F eh in a classroom , the director write on the board with both hand . hem ( v.o. ) awe wa fre vad a 1 the clock in the director 's office strike 2 pm . a shave kit be open , the director lie down on a couch and a needle be place on a gramophone record . Music envelope 48 farhan he could not bear anyone get ahead of he . farhan to save time , he shirt have velcro and he tie have hook . farhan he would train he mind to write with both hand simultaneously . the room . the director 's man - Friday , govind , shave he as he nap . wear ( v.o. ) al sagas & fe a oeysfae arr ara fae 4 fea oa ext . hostel foyer / corridor , ice — continuous the director reach the hostel . he stride down the corridor , bird nest in hand , as nervous freshmen rush past he to gather in the courtyard . the director reach they and slow down . ( be : nest in he hand ) a am 2 ? chatur pipe up . chatur Sir , nest . feserept ? at ae haat ae at I director wrong . he start move towards a raise platform in the courtyard , where Govind stand farhan everyday at 2 pm he take a 7 % minute power nap with a operaas lullaby . Govind , he valet , have instruction to carry out all unproductive task such as shave , nail - cut , etc. during this time . director what be this ? director ' whose ? chatur koel bird 's nest , sir. attentively , next to a pile of cardboard carton . be a gat & afar F cad e 1 rancho , farhan and raju make a rush , belate entry , look like they have just wake up . the director turn around to face the student . aie sa carb aot za shar '' ona & at wat yet a aed 2 ? a beat . at aed cat ost ht a AG ata a fret a 21 he hold up a egg from the nest and drop it . the egg splatter on the ground . the student wince at the brutal action . director competition over . they life begin with murder . that 's nature . compete or die . while everyone listen transfix , rancho start get restless . the director hand over the nest to Govind . director you also be like the koel bird . with a sudden movement , he turn over a carton . ice application form spill out onto the courtyard floor . 50 director a koel bird never make she own nest . she lay she egg in other nest . director and when they hatch , what do they do ? director they push the other egg out of the nest . steaee a a a fe @ , fara sit a tt ait ongdig '' 9é7 millimeter iron clothes in the corridor adjoin the courtyard . he lip sync to the director 's word . sreeaer frrettrez be wit at et art smedis F be ara cathe ont 2 sik at a rp a a factae act 21 a 1 a beat . steaee ae a fief ) ater cer ) ae ge ae 4 dm ort veng fear a ... the sadness . director 's voice soften with settee he take out a pen from he shirt pocket and hold it up for the student to see . seit az a to goo af eafer ert a teenie oo ) eer fo qreren oh , aie h ae , wearer + car ge sore fear ait afafe 4 , ep fra aaa 21 51 director and this be the egg you push to get into ice . director / millimeter do not forget , ice get 400,000 application a year and only 200 be select — you ! director and this ? finish . Broken egg . my son ... he try for three year . director ... rejected . every time , remember , life be a race . if you do not run fast , you will get trample . director let I tell you a very interesting story . this be a astronaut 's pen . Fountain pen and ballpoint pen do not work in outer space . so scientist spend million to invent this pen . it can write at any angle , in any temperature , in zero gravity . all the student look at the pen . director one day , when I be a student , the director of we institute call I . he say , '' viru sahastrabuddhe . '' I say , '' yes Sir '' '' come here ! '' Main darr gaya . he show I this pen . he say , '' this be a symbol of excellence . I give it to you . aur jis din tumhe tumahre jaisa koi extraordinary student mile , to yeh pen usse paa on kar dena . '' a beat . director battis sal se viru sahastrabuddhe be wait for that student . but no luck . anyone here , who will strive to win this pen ? led by a over eager chatur , whose hand shoot up first , all the student raise they hand . director good . put you hand down . as all the hand go down , rancho raise he . the director look up after put the pen back in he shirt pocket . he see the lone , raise hand . director ( sarcastically ) shall I post it on the notice board ? hand down . ae , War wa aaa & ae 52 rancho one question , sir. ae , ea fo pere om , eat aera et fear ? arat stere a to ati there 's a burst of involuntary laughter from the student . raju glare at rancho disapprovingly . the director seem stump . chatur look at he anxiously . director I will get back to you on this . seem disorient , he walk away . ext . corridor , ice - moment later farhan and raju walk behind rancho on the way to they first class . in a low voice , raju speak reprovingly of rancho 's antic , even as farhan look on with amused enjoyment . wh . be a aot aire bt ly heer car % , fer '' setaer at gach wear 21 sa wl & sah mt WA gt a hea in front of they , amble along , carefree , rancho encounter millimeter . frefrtree rancho and farhan dissolve into laughter . raju look at millimeter with displeasure . 53 rancho Sir , if pen do not work in outer space why do not the astronaut use a pencil ? they would have save million . raju he zap a senior 's private at night . finger the director in the day . best avoid he . millimeter you deflate virus 's erection . you majesty , thou art great . accept this humble offer a , rt aet fi ee et se at ? prefer angere at he impertinence , raju take off he slipper and rush towards he threateningly . be , ay} stat % , have ... rancho and farhan quickly intercede and restrain raju . ei eh ft , ts ati rem wg , FI at we a! rancho put he arm around millimeter and start to walk with he . farhan and raju follow . yet aire ara @1 airert | ea rancho take out money from he pocket and hand it over to millimeter . _ aie a ae gram ab ara '' de stl eerft orarét & , peet ae var wear aren & ? 54 raju buzz off . you do not have school ? millimeter who will pay for it ? you pop ? raju keep off my dad ! you ... rancho relax . farhan raju , what be you do ! rancho for school you do not need any money . you need a uniform . rancho pick a school , buy the uniform and slip into class . in so much of a crowd , no one will notice . faeirtree aie yes 7a at ? he put he arm around millimeter as they continue to walk on . raju purse he lip and give farhan a ' I tell you so 's look . mte a .. but farhan gaze after rancho admiringly . wey sey for that a all ae} if have age vst sa ora ari ay a a aber & foie ata 9 aay at tae 91 a ae we mt a mae git vet be int . classroom , ice — day a class be in progress . professor potdar write the word ' machine 's on the blackboard and turn to face the student . professor potdar what be a machine ? chatur 's hand , and one other , shoot up . Professor potdar look around . his eye alight on rancho who have a beatific smile on he face . 55 millimeter if I get catch ? rancho then new uniform , new school . raju see that ? farhan he be different ... he challenge convention at every stage . a free-spirite bird have land in virus 's nest . we be robot , blindly follow we professor 's command . he be the only one who be not a machine . it veda at , sayy 4 area at fe saitat atta F og art zat dar s| set hot at ete ati sitar stare taken aback , rancho stop smile . diet , agit or safer dei | rancho a machine be anything that reduce human effort . professor potdar will you please elaborate ? rancho stand up and start to explain . ei at al a saae at asia 2 , ae ) chatur frown at rancho in disdain . ei vet be wt 22 seq cara , ear at oa ... asin 2 % , az rancho launch into example to illustrate he point with gusto and enthusiasm . 56 professor potdar what be you smile for ? rancho Sir , to study engineering be a childhood dream . I be so happy to be here finally . professor potdar no need to be so happy . professor potdar define a machine . rancho anything that simplify work , or save time , be a machine . rancho it 's a warm day , press a button , get a blast of air . the fan ... a machine ! heit a amy aay eet hh at at he aod @ ... ee ... aoe @ ati a beat . wal apist be fear eat haar & ... eet ase 8 ae ) a , tease et ysit 4 fat er @ ae a fa a ah Te at fr can , a asia 2 , at rancho pull he jeans zipper up and down to demonstrate . up favs h ay , wy ave F seq ) ay St ... at .. sst at sai student laugh . furious , Professor potdar throw a piece of chalk at rancho . rancho look at he in shock . stair ear a ? edt a , a a a a waz az chatur laugh jecringly , bray in he typical style . Professor potdar imitate rancho , pull the zip on he fly , up and down . 57 rancho speak to a friend mile away . the telephone ... a machine ! rancho compute million in second . the calculator ... a machine ! we be surround by machine . from a pen 's nib to a pants 's zip — all machine . rancho up and down in a second . up , down , up , down ... professor potdar what be the definition ? rancho I just give it to you , sir. professor potdar you will write this in the exam ? this be a machine — up , down ... idiot ! anybody else ? chatur raise he hand . ae ? chatur Sir , machine be any combination of body so connect that they relative motion be constrain and by which mean , force and motion may be transmit and modify as a screw and its nut , or a lever arrange to turn about a fulcrum or a pulley about its pivot , etc. , especially , a construction , more or less complex consist of a combination of move part , or simple mechanical element , as wheel , lever , cam , etc . Professor potdar look at chatur with admiration and approval . arate wa ara 2 ? aehee ! aig fae seq chatur sit down and look around triumphantly . chatur thank you ... thank you . rancho be puzzle . arart att hi ( derisively ) 58 professor yes ? professor potdar wonderful . perfect . please sit down . rancho but Sir , I say the same thing , in simple language . professor potdar if you prefer simple language , join a Arts and commerce college . afer az , adee at at eae a ora area | to fart shaft the & sar wraer ? ary frat & sper oat % 2 fara # aét saag 2 se op a teeet or sit eit rancho be abruptly cut short by the Professor . professor potdar get out ! rancho why ? areata a atet ste | rancho be stunne . raju and farhan look from the Professor to rancho , not dare to utter a sound . rancho start to walk out of the classroom . professor potdar idiot ! rancho stop mid-way and start walk back to he seat . professor potdar so , we be discuss the machine ... why 'te you back ? 59 rancho but Sir , one must get the meaning too ... what 's the point of blindly cram a bookish definition ? professor potdar you think you be smarter than the book ? write the textbook definition , mister , if you want to pass . rancho but there be other book ... professor in simple language — out ! wr , bs aa wa 's ai as _ war ? rancho Instruments that record , analyse , summarise , organise , debate and explain information ; that be illustrate , non-illustrated , hard - bound , paperback , jackete , non-jacketed ; with foreword , introduction , table - of - content , index ; that be intend for the enlightenment , understanding , enrichment , enhancement and education of the human brain through the sensory route of vision . sometimes touch . Professor potdar and the student gape at rancho . hr bet fa aed zt ? frat a ) ert there be a wave of laughter in the class . ga ya wae al to a ? art ee ved aif at at ae ) cer amet far arar gare ef a | 60 rancho I forget something . professor potdar what ? professor potdar what do you mean ? rancho book , Sir rancho I forget my book . May I ? professor potdar could not you ask simply ? rancho I try earlier , Sir . it simply do not work . the class , except for chatur and raju , burst into laughter , farhan chuckle the loudest . Professor potdar be render speechless . int . / ext . various location , campus , ice — day / night montage a ) — rancho stroll in the corridor . B ) rancho attend a senior class . rem ( v.o. ) ved to aha gar fo ah , gree saret vad & at wae ae a free areata a at % oh ao oa atl we at ant ae amt dz ver 2 , cet 4 paar & , we atl ay et aay aay at at C ) inthe hostel bathroom , student mill around the shower stall , yell at that inside to hurry . D ) in the campus lawn , a bare - body rancho soap himself , rinsing off with water from the garden hose . pass professor stare at he in surprise . rancho Morning Sir ! E ) in the college cafeteria , rancho dismantle a mixer with he screwdriver . behind he , a attendant open the refrigerator door — and it come off in he hand . rancho dart he a guilty look . 61 farhan Professors keep rancho mostly out . ... seldom in , when throw out of one class , he would slip into another . he say — '' first year or fourth year , it 's knowledge . just grab it . '' he be unlike any of we . we fight for a shower every morning . he would bathe wherever he find water . wt ( v.o. ) agit @ sea ws ati ga fh wmgrae eh faa be sit asha fee , sa ret car ari ae de art be , ae atl int . / ext . lab / corridor , ice — day in a lab , joy lobo , a student , work on he creation , a miniature helicopter . rem ( v.o. ) up at a , to feat sb a a , ofa airar from the window he spot the director walk down the corridor . Joy rush out of the lab towards he . joy Sir . Excuse I , sir. the director continue walk . Joy keep up with he . setae site aq at at dt area S seq oe sear wat ? site vrdaet , 3 '' feo seat aed 41 aay a a 8 cea esiifrae 2 ae be fafeqa arama 4 art aed & 1 62 farhan machine be he passion . when he spot they , he open they . some he could re-assemble ... some he could not . farhan there be another , just like he , Joy lobo. director Mr. Joy lobo. joy Sir , if I could know the convocation date ... director why ? joy actually , dad want to make train reservation . I be the first engineer from my village . everyone want to attend . the director take out he mobile phone and hand it over to Joy . sl ste t wt | Joy look a little unsure . director come , please , please . hurry up . do not waste my time . he reluctantly dial he Father 's number . a elderly man potter around amongst plant in he backyard . he be Joy 's father , mr lobo . his phone ring . he answer the call . eet ae ( fill with happiness ) ae aét er | the blood drain from Joy 's face . director in that case , call you dad please . joy 's father hello . joy dad , the director want to speak to you . joy 's father Joy . director Mr. lobo , you son will not graduate this year. ( crush ) war ba ar ? director he have violate all deadline . Mr. lobo , it 's a unrealistic project . he 's make some nonsense helicopter . I suggest you do not book you ticket . I be so sorry . the director disconnect the phone . joy Sir , I be this close , Sir . director be you project ready ? joy ie . director be you project ready ? sitar fe afae be , at er wader he ata ae yg ast be vere = cif ) director why ! why should I give you a extension ? 64 joy 's father what happen , Sir ? joy Sir , see it once , please . director submit it , and we will consider . joy Sir , a small extension ... ata ae 33 % srp & ae 4 et wey reese wet ge tat ae ) at the director stop and look at Joy sternly . sect a yee rar gar ws fear be a sete wat at vee wat as ae ae ae ome oy at weit ae tt uh set ce at cif cfg setae feex ciel , a2 sitveqqr a at der to ha fie & ae var be ae fk be ae weage + eat ater 4 crear fear at at be fra a de aaer a beat . sree h omar frre '' aaa % ware wal , one th ant the director walk away . 65 joy after dad 's stroke , I could not focus for two month . director do you stop eat for two month ? Joy no . director stop bathing ? Joy no . director so why do you stop study ? Joy Sir , I be very close . see it once , please ... director Mr. lobo ! Sunday afternoon , my son fall off a train and die . Monday morning , I teach a class . so do not give I that nonsense . director I can give you sympathy , not a extension , pm sorry . joy ( desperately ) Sir ... I be very close ... his word trail away . he look down at the helicopter in he hand . despair and frustration well up inside he . he smite he forehead in agony , then turn around and drop the helicopter into a dustbin . he walk away . from behind a pillar , rancho gaze after he compassionately . he walk up to the dustbin , retrieve the helicopter and look at it wonderingly . fade in : give I some sunshine . ext . hostel , ice — night pbs 2 - give I some sunshine ae ht et ae ae & to fre ue Tet at ae bt ae ht et ae ae & to fre ue Tet at ae bt pra at be ret pra it a or pra at oiler arr I aat fh at tia ft pra at be ret pra it a or pra at gee arr I aat fh at tia ft 66 lifelong I live the life of another for just one moment let I live as I ... lifelong I live the life of another for just one moment let I live as I ... give I some sunshine give I some rain give I another chance I wanna grow up once again give I some sunshine give I some rain give I another chance I wanna grow up once again on a ledge outside he hostel room , Joy strum a guitar and sing in a voice fill with pain and hopelessness . rancho observe he from a distance . int . room , hostel , night ice — a portable black and white monitor show candid image of the trio 's room . the image be be shot by the camera atop Joy 's helicopter . rancho operate the helicopter with childish enthusiasm . he go up to raju , who be study at he desk . raju glance into the camera disapprovingly . ( in awe ) ara 4 var feast aaraq 8 , be efter S oe gee se! ST et ST. aaa e he zeroe in on farhan 's face . ret u , qo a we war at fe aed suyfaena fear 21 sor a a rancho pan the camera to himself . sear da well ) ey sst u , se sr ya arora | seat heme s| saat pasay saat fuart par a7 raju 's not draw in by rancho 's enthusiasm . 67 rancho dude 's come up with a amazing design . a wireless camera atop a helicopter . can be use for traffic update , security ... wow ! farhan but virus say it 's a impractical design , it will not fly . rancho Te will fly ! we will make it fly . do not tell Joy . irll be a surprise . we will fly it up to he window and capture he reaction . re afer F 42 baf 21 ei ( unfaze ) ht a sete a a a a , ah fet 4 sm , ae at - aft sy a , att sy ae rancho grab raju 's hand and place it on raju 's heart . aq , eat st det ei att sy ae wear at 4 ge vat a & tstsata | ear aat it ae eat wa h wep aheblere sor war be at wa we yer eq sit oie a a facet at — '' ater 2 a da '' raju roll he eye . vei aie ay att ya 4 at ora a oh ae a fart eg , at cat sar at art at a '' ae faa a sé 2 , ae to a facarer weal at '' stfer sop a '' , '' sift ea a\ oa fea wo a ane F one ) a of T amat fea @ 1 , fst sete 2 , ae | saar 68 raju if we work on he project , who will work on ours ? test , viva , quizze — 42 exam per semester . rancho you scare easily , bro . take you hand , put it over you heart , and say , '' aal izz well '' . raju aal izz well ? rancho aal izz well . farhan New word of wisdom from he holiness guru ranchhoddas . rancho we have a old watchman in we village . on night patrol , he would call out , '' aal izz well '' . rancho and we sleep peacefully . then there be a theft and we learn that he could not see at night ! he would just yell '' aal izz well '' , and we feel secure . that day I understand this heart scare easily . you have to trick it . however big the problem , tell you heart , '' aal izz well , pal '' . ( sarcastically ) at ! oie saa starr ater et orart '' art 21 farhan break into a laugh . edt a 4a oe ae al , wet ww ded geer wey aft 21 raju make a derisive sound . int . / ext . —- various location , ice — day / night pbs 3 — aal izz well ha tab ater ha tab ater raju yes . that resolve the problem ? rancho no . but you gain courage to face iat . rancho we be gonna really need the mantra . learn it . when life spin out of control just let you lip roll let you lip roll and whistle away the toll yell — aal izz well ... when life spin out of control just let you lip roll let you lip roll and whistle away the toll yell — aal izz well ... pit rar art as et fa err to ange frei be at ferg et ale at or ara fae Far ept ae ym , ae tar onet sy fer anegert es ta ter breer ait pear at area arrd ft a ta ter fea to rr ae ae ft tatt fea to & wa st |x baa rea sae 2 , gre a seer be eat yar wet var meat sitet sa set ae ae att et eprreyy ft et ta at we at foe at prev ae eat at pee at rear ae the chicken 's clueless about the ege 's fate will it hatch or become a omelette no one know what the future hold so let you lip roll and whistle away the toll whistle away the toll yell — aal izz well ... hey bro — aal ize , well hey mate — aal ize , well hey bro — aal ize , well confusion and more confusion no sign of any solution ah ... finally a solution but wait ... what be the question ? if the timid heart with fear be about to die then con it bro , with this simple lie heart a idiot , it will fall under that spell let you lip roll and whistle away the toll whistle away the toll yell — aal izz , well hey bro — aal ize , well hey mate — aal ize , well hey bro — aal ize , well blew the scholarship on booze but that do not dispel my blue Holy incense light up my plight and yet God 's nowhere in sight aier yer be area era arr ae tar ae va & ater asa work on Joy 's helicopter in the spare time he get , rancho be still unable to make it fly . in the midst of revelry with he friend , he hit upon the solution . Year in the hostel corridor stand , farhan , raju and millimeter . next to rancho who operate a remote design for the helicopter . the helicopter start to fly . ecstatic , the friend follow it , navigate . other student join they , the excitement spread , until a huge crowd stand outside Joy 's block . rem a cia a fazer a a oa , a at fasat a a et ati rancho take the helicopter up , towards Joy 's room . the lamb be clueless for what it 's destine will it be serve on skewer or simply mince no one know what the future hold so let you lip roll and whistle away the toll whistle away the toll yell — aal izz well hey Mrs. Chicken — aal iz well hey Mr. Lamb — aal izz well hey bro ~ aal izz well rancho get it , get it ... yes .... farhan hey , take it up to Joy 's window . a oa wear gr , GI ! the helicopter cross chatur 's window . raju , hold the monitor , guffaw with laughter at the sight of chatur dance in he underwear — and cram . at at ! U aerat a can ! UT ot tt ! everyone laugh . the helicopter continue to rise . wy ait fa , aet at be wear & otal aia ... aia fast we ar a ata , aex to the helicopter reach Joy 's window . on the monitor be Joy 's body , suspend from the ceiling , aw even as time seem to stand still , rancho , farhan and raju run to Joy 's room . they fling open the door and stand , shell - shocked , look at Joy 's lifeless body — and the ' I quit '' he’ write on the wall . 72 raju hey Joy . farhan take it higher . raju look at silencer — the nude dude ! raju Joy , come out . farhan hey Joy , come to the window . raju Joy , look outside . raju joy ... joy ext . graveyard — day in the steady drizzle , a group of black umbrella huddle around a fresh grave . hugging he son 's coffin , cry inconsolably , be Joys father . priest ' we commend we brother Joy to the Lord . May the Lord receive he into he peace and raise up he body on the final day . farhan and raju stand together , grief etched on they face . rancho stand by himself , oblivious to the rain soaking he , he tear mingling with the raindrop . priest let we pray for we brother Joy to we lord Jesus Christ who say '' I be the resurrection and the life . the man who believe in I will live even if he die . and every live person who put he faith in I will never suffer eternal death ... '' . rancho make a futile attempt to wipe he eye , and look up . he spot the director on the fringe of the group of mourner . his eye suddenly fierce , he walk up to he . ( in a low voice ) eal at ger at var wen , be @l a ala we 2 be the director wait , frown . 73 rancho good news , Sir the police and Joy 's father have no clue . everyone think this be suicide . _ aresrey fer F onan - ata be be : gie go ay faene , rafer eq afer | the director nod in grim agreement . _ al be 4 ae qari oie fea be ara a St et yar os vere , saat ea ? a T at fre # 2 a a az surprise and disbelief race across the director 's face . from a distance , with increase alarm , farhan and raju watch they friend speak to the director . it 4 gaffes a as carer 2 ae — the alg agit & a and to set er dor amt ae | the director 's face be set in anger . _ aad at var aeat ara fe a qare aet , wet aI in fury , the director turn to look at rancho . Joy 's coffin be lower into the grave . int . director 's office , ice — day the director sit in a armchair , seethe with anger . rancho stand before he . 74 rancho the post mortem report — Cause of death : intense pressure on windpipe result in choke . rancho all think the pressure on the jugular kill he . what about the mental pressure for the last four year ? that 's miss in the report . rancho Engineers be a clever bunch . they will never make a machine to measure mental pressure . rancho if they have , all would know ... this be not suicide ... it 's murder , sir. settee ( in a raise voice ) aia & yas & fore qo yet du st wz a ? wh wee toe a oma at et forte ba ? 3 frei ae Gore omit at aor ay eat F co ster ? a ae , yo smyat ary aéf 2 ver eae ) ae tract fen at dy @ vr eo ae ae ua ae efefery 2 be ) ae qae F gear 4.1 eae ee ag de fae a he rss yass hl tss hat 21 ae aer a ee fat 4 ay oie aae 4 sit ae s| aw at yea at wer SF ae sree gat aga & ae fo adh a aaa ae fe so aq eat '' wee airy eat aedti ada a 4 4 ae ale ae tet é ae one vif 4 a. 1 ah war ort = FI var av diz 4.1 , afe a. 11 ay , aet & ag wa onefsart gt at at wet heat ar , srr at at a ae bat ! ad het @ at fae ade at - or fer , gear F area at ) ae get y be well fer vere az , aet y fas ae rrarar to ver 2 fe ae sa ad s11 beside himself with rage , the director spring to he foot . setae ( shouting ) 75 director how dare you blame I for Joy 's suicide ? if one student can not handle pressure , be it we fault ? life be full of pressure . will you always blame other for pressure in life ? rancho I do not blame you , Sir . I blame the system . look at this statistic — India rank no.1 in suicide . every 90 minute , a student attempt suicide . suicide be a bigger killer than disease . something 's terribly wrong , Sir . director I can not speak for the rest but this be one of the finest college in the country . I have run this place for 32 year . we be rank 28th . now we be no. 1 . rancho what 's the point , Sir ? here they do not discuss new idea or invention . they discuss grade , job , settling in USA . they teach how to get good score . they do not teach engineering . director now you will teach I how to teach ? the director grab rancho 's hand and start drag he out of the office . stun , unable to retaliate , rancho glance back helplessly at he fall sheet of statistic . ae , ae Te ... ext . corridor , continuous ice - as student and professor watch stunne , the director drag rancho through the corridor of ice . int . classroom , continuous ice - the director enter a classroom with rancho . the teach professor fall silent as the director hurl rancho towards he table . the class watch , bafh . director ( to the professor ) vaidyanathan , please sit down . farhan and raju glance at each other , worried . ( address the student , be : rancho ) a seat ye aad 31 at ant srk 76 rancho no Sir , I rancho Sir , Sir my paper ... director here be a self - proclaim professor who think he be better than we highly qualified teacher . Professor ranchhoddas chanchad will teach we engineering . leave rancho at the head of the class , the director join the seat student face he . rancho look at a loss for word . chatur smile broadly , enjoy he discomfort . farhan and raju look at they friend anxiously . director we do not have all day . rancho collect himself . he take off he sling bag , place it on the table and pick up a book lie there . he leaf through the book and then , refer to it , write two word on the board - farhanitrate and prerajulisation . he turn to face the class . svat er aaas aastat 21 chatur quickly set the timer on he watch . gar cen wig ... a ) there 's a flurry of activity in the classroom . the student search through they textbooks frantically . chatur charge to the teacher 's table and grab the book rancho have refer to . 77 rancho you have 30 second to define the term . write . rancho you may refer to you book . raise you hand if you get the answer . let 's see who come first , who come last . you time start ... now . chatur give I this ! the director , he competitive spirit awoken , snatch a book , and then another , from the student next to he . he go through both book simultaneously : ambidextrous . the whole class work through text book manically . rancho keep time . rancho time up . the student look up reluctantly . the director be still flipping page . ei ( to the director ) time up Sir , time up . ( to the class ) war ? foot at care wat fra ? to ordi oa wa ae aaa yer fae @ ae ara amen ...? uff ? ae ? wet a be 7a ) th a S ge at fh ay , wa et ) amy anit at at ae saat ! fh fer sem ! oie & siet B , yor ae et | % with farhan give a involuntary laugh . 78 rancho no one get the answer ? now rewind you life by a minute . when I ask this question , be you excited ? curious ? thrill that you would learn something new ? anyone ? ... Sir ? no . you all get into a frantic race . what 's the use of such method , even if you come first . will you knowledge increase ? no , just the pressure . this be a college , not a pressure cooker . rancho even a circus lion learn to sit on a chair in fear of the whip . but you call such a lion ' well train 's , not ' well educate 's . steaet eect ! fea sa ae of petater aaret or a asa a haast sar , tai yat av to ae ada & a a az the director look incredulous . veal aera at a ae } as 21 wer a TI rancho go up to the board and underline farhan in farhanitrate and raju in prerajulisation . the student break into laughter . sree wage ! aat ! fa oa tstsift sfatrater edt wal ae ) smear efafrater wet ver ver a al a at oy awe aeae tat EI a beat . Year h a amet ae vet war at fe ved a e1 the director look apoplectic . at a to wet besar 79 director hello ! this be not a philosophy class . just explain that two word . rancho Sir , this word do not exist . rancho this be my friend 's name . fathan and raju . director quiet ! nonsense ! be this how you will teach engineering ? rancho Sir , I be not teach you engineering . you be a expert at that . rancho I be teach you ... how to teach . rancho and I be sure one day you will learn because unlike you , I never abandon my weak student . before the director 's wrath can spill over , rancho grab he bag from the table and make a run for the exit . vat a , a! the student crack up in mirth . in helpless rage , the director yell at they . director quiet ! quiet , I say ! int . director 's office , ice — day the director sit at he desk and write two letter simultaneously : ambidextrous. srevaet ( v.o . ) as ae & a F amet afd her area in one letter he write — ' slet#et_ ( v.o. ) heft | in the other letter he write — sete ( v.o. ) TI in both letter , he write simultaneously . setaez ( v.o. ) nea ara ws ) at hee aeh Gore ay rancho bye , Sir ! director I regret to inform you that you son ... director farhan . director raju . director — have fall into bad company . without urgent corrective step , he future will be ruin . int . farhan 's house / raju' house — day Split screen . farhan and raju 's family receive the letter from the director . wr ( v.o. ) aaa & ade ea ae F dey ay a T ave fat ) fetferar aie apmaret & arse tar aie erat ahi at # ga aa int . farhan 's house — day the door to farhan 's room open . farhan 's Father lead the trio into the room . he point towards the air conditioner . het | ar ast | eat gatt | ste pet | h wma , ae at qa a be ah ae set aed fy ast gh ere tarat zi arr yar eat hert et fes F ora fear gata ae fear ) ay at aéf org ? rancho fidget and look around restlessly , to the leave , to the right a beat . and then he stand rivete . the far wall in the room be cover with wildlife photography . the picture be stun . hunters and prey , newborn cub , unrehearse moment of nature . farhan 's Father drone on , but rancho be no longer listen . 81 farhan virus 's letter drop on we home like atom bomb . Hiroshima and nagasaki plunge into gloom . we parent invite we for a dress down . farhan 's father come in . see that ? we could afford just one air-conditioner we put it in farhan 's room , so he could study in comfort . I do not buy a car . I manage with a scooter . we put all we money into farhan 's education . we sacrifice we comfort for farhan 's future . understand ? wer & fait aie sb ae wa at to a at fafive area 4 , dt a omy ora wt fe ye we var att wt arti ? rancho walk towards the photograph , rivete . _ & , a wer to fem wer ? even as farhan try to shush rancho , he Father answer . bg bl at aa a tata h al wi arraet bt cei fee fae a1 pea & fee wear ( meekly ) 91 % | wer & frat at at? 94 % a amt 91 % | rancho stifles a spontaneous giggle . but the damage be do . arret aa at wee ? farhan 's father and after that when I get such a letter from the principal , can you imagine how I must have feel ? rancho you take this picture , farhan ? farhan 's father he be obsessed with photography for a while . go around take picture of animal . want to be a wildlife photographer . Son , what be you score that year ? tell . farhan 91 % . farhan 's father hear that ? straight drop from 94 % to 91 % . farhan 's father you find it funny ? rancho no Sir , sorry . I be just amaze at the photo . why make he a engineer ... 2 why not a wildlife photographer ? farhan 's Father interrupt rancho and speak with barely contain fury . ama ... a srs ae ama one ear & at ae a wget seme ae aha unaware of the tension within the group , farhan 's mother come up to the boy , smile warmly . aedi , gt at war ! at sabi wear at a a , ad 21 as the visibly relieved boy start move towards the dining area , farhan 's Father step in front of rancho and place a restrain hand on he shoulder . ST | int . / ext . raju 's house - night wt ( v.o. ) yer the wet ae sie a hear tt ae , ws wr ved ! the image on screen turn black and white . raju 's one- room home be in the low - income 83 farhan 's father enough ! I humbly request you — do not ruin my son 's future , farhan 's mother food 's on the table , boy . farhan c'mon , let 's eat farhan 's father if you ever visit again , do eat with we . farhan dad deny we a meal ... so , to fill we belly with food ... and ear with more reprimand , we reach raju 's house . housing sector of the city . Inside the house , he paralyse father occupy the only bed . at the cooking stove , he mother cough incessantly . and he sister , kammo , sit at the window , stare at nothing . the sofa have expose spring and a strategically place bowl catch the water leak from the roof , rem ( v.o. ) wah al 1950s hl site ws ase pei al ore foot be ) wa ster be et fara up taaeg ay , wp aad a at oie ue fareaét ae ) ah F fleet eo fpr ait wt 4 24 aad et tec ) at at 4 fer 4f cite carer ere vedt af be feat sar 4 crear 4 , whee the trio sit on the floor with plate , wait to be serve they meal . raju 's mother start make rotis . ay et aras wee bt a I & hit ) aref 800 aia & cet fh ) at G et fra a at omdt ba erit saat ? kammo start serve the food to the boy . ori fast ofr be ay et rari 2 ae eh ee sr 84 farhan raju 's house be straight out of a’50s black and white film . a small , dingy room , a paralyse father , a cough mother and a unwed sister . a sofa sprout spring and a 24 - hour water supply from the leak roof . his mother be a retire school teacher and a tireless complainer . his father be once a postmaster . paralysis shut down he body partly — and he salary completely . and the sister ... raju' mother kammo 's turn 28 . they demand a maruti 800 in dowry . if you do not study and earn , how will she marry ? kammo some lady 's finger ? raju' mother Lady 's finger be now rs. 12 / per kilo , cauliflower be rs. 10 / . rancho and farhan exchange a look . ( embarrassed ) al kammo ladle some cottage cheese on to rancho 's plate . beit wie af ? wy a fait wie at der qo feat F sdhedh afer haare ae ger F faba ... rancho and farhan stiffen with discomfort . beit wie 2 er wat , wal , th a , fh zi wt wy er toa to , a at ... wy a fait oem @ ae , ay at to Z1 a beat . wy a fait a sit 2 - gedit & fas aarsit , deer 85 raju' mother ie 's daylight robbery ! what will we eat if we get warning from you college ? raju Mom ! kammo Cottage cheese ? raju' mother Cottage cheese should be sell at the jeweller , in velvet pouch . kammo Cottage cheese ? farhan no , no , it 's ok , thank you . raju Mom , please . raju' mother alright , p will shut up . raju' mother earn for the family , slave like a may and then take the vow of silence . if not wat ) a oa at ayer & at ae a rancho and farhan , about to take they first bite , stop . raju , feed up of the whining , push away he plate and walk out in a huff . wear tt raju 's mother start cry . rancho and farhan look nonpluss , food morsel still in they raise hand , inch away from they mouth . hem ( v.o. ) ant aig drwa1 et ara zat a , yer wie 9 be ft | they put the food into they mouth and start chew . raju 's Father start make small , moan sound . raju 's mother , still weepy , lean over and scratch he chest with she roll pin . rancho and farhan stop chew , they mouth agape with shock . sra wae et err ah ora ter BT at ant & with my son , with whom do I share my woe — he friend ? farhan hey raju . farhan we be in a huge dilemma . do we comfort we friend or console he mom ? screw it , we think , let 's focus on the cottage cheese . raju' mother even he eczema cream cost rs. 55 / now . she continue make rotis with she roll pin . a hair , fresh off she husband 's eczema - infect chest , get roll into the dough . farhan start retching . aie wa & ser ? rancho and farhan decline hurriedly and emphatically . ret / wat wet s| ah , a tt , Fe ae tti ext . roadside —- moment later the image on screen return to colour . rancho , farhan and raju be walk down a street . rancho suddenly start laugh . tet farhan join rancho . rem meh cr a .. raju get angry . wh ~ ~ ~ at oh a at art sttpe ct fear de yas ay sar sit ) feeae est ret at at , a at at wee see 2 ! gait ae as faa et a 87 raju' mother another rote ? farhan / rancho no , thank you . we be through . rancho Lady 's finger for rs. 12 /. farhan cauliflower for rs. 10 /. raju at least you be offer a meal . unlike you sadistic dad ... ' Hitler 's qureshi ! farhan ' and you mom be mother Teresa ... feed we ' eczema rote 's ! raju grab farhan 's collar . rancho intervene . a at to ch aare el gt ST ! wear as at ak wi it ua ! gs ae of at a as ae a qa wh & be wai sex aed & , rem ae oa | yar aay saa hee seay ant ? ei rancho point towards a brightly decorate wedding venue . vei at ea rancho 's eye dance with childish mischief . a ad ! wear as always , farhan follow rancho enthusiastically and raju follow they both reluctantly . 88 raju do not poke fun at my mom ! farhan enough , raju . rancho I be famish . let 's eat out . farhan I 's month end . who will pay ? his mother Teresa ? rancho to eat out , you do not need money . just a uniform . rancho look ... rancho c'mon ! farhan come ... ext . gate , wedding venue — continuous the boy enter the wedding wear pink pagdis and carry white envelope . they greet the host at the gate with enthusiastic familiarity . vedt / bert tart | edt site stent ! int . hall , wedding venue —- continuous the three friend sit at a table . rancho hail a waiter . vat rem ete ast , ete ort raju glance around nervously . wh . a aasry ae of pt ( to the waiter ) aie vere haar 8 ? the waiter offer rancho the snack he 's carry . rem be sit ft 2 , ey ae | be 89 rancho / farhan good evening , good evening . rancho oh , uncle ! rancho Three large vodka . farhan half soda , half water . raju if we be catch , we be dead . rancho what 's for starter ? farhan get double portion . instead of pick a snack or two , rancho relieve the waiter of he entire tray of snack . aie 4 as 21 oie aie ga ae ae — a we Tet wt ! ' a pompous , nasal voice carry actoss to they . they look in its direction . and see the flashily dress suhas hold up pia 's wrist in indignation . pia 's back be to the boy . suhas ( o.s. ) pia , what the hell ! suhas 's tone become condescending . wear a wa ved 8 ? wet toa agi a ata faa , arr ear eat , aerr at frat at eh , steer oat act 2 , 4 a a eva at ae yeah 21 ott ee zz at 4 m JI rancho look on , amused . before pia can respond to suhas , suhas be accost by a jewel - bedeck , perfectly coiff , distant aunt of he . aunty hi , handsome . suhas hey , aunty , you be look good . aunty do not miss my set , darling ! 90 rancho leave this here and start some peppy music . suhas why're you wear this ancient piece of junk ? what will people say — '' suhas fiancée ... a doctor in the make , wear a cheap , 200 - rupee watch ! '' please take it off . thank you . suhas rubies ? ote hert & 21 aret & ea ch fe sae , ut ge front suhas of course ... of course . before leave with he aunt , suhas turn to pia and indicate he watch , remind she of he instruction . a gleam in he eye , rancho get up from he table . armed with a bouquet of flower , he tap pia on the shoulder . rancho Excuse I . pia turn around to face he . pia yes ? rancho offer she the flower . she accept , with a gracious smile , hold the flower in one hand , a drink in the other . rancho Flowers . May I take the glass ? 91 aunty from mandalay . suhas mandalay ... wow ! aunty hey , le 's go meet David . rancho gently extract from she hand the glass with she drink in it . pia be take aback . frar wat ? _ amy tare be S aea , ar ae he aret | frar aryet vat srestie _ wate F arrer art ah to wear ey art @| frar ( curiously ) wal ? rancho point towards suhas . it oa mar a ait oh we afer ) pia 's smile fade . pia ( coldly ) Excuse I ? var a orett vai , see ea 2 , urea ST fear listen ... 92 pia why ? rancho so you do not break it on my head . pia why would I do that ? rancho for the free advice I will now impart . pia what ? rancho do not marry that ass . rancho he 's not a human be , he 's a price tag . feat ae agar ster Tet srsaza ama a a tt STI with increase incredulity and anger , pia try to get a word in edgeways . fast at fefrarsi sit ¢? cach a feat & @ ut we ? fo ad yea a ge aaa | se at ae before pia can object , rancho hand she drink back to she and walk off , towards suhas . despite herself , pia watch , fascinate . rancho waylay a waiter , lift a bowl of mint chutney from he tray , and gesture to he to follow he . he then walk by suhas , and , with a nimble flick of he wrist , empty the bowl on he shoe . pia gasp in shock . as rancho stroll on unnotice , the waiter try to make a quick getaway . aunty oh my God ! ert ( to the waiter ) @.. @ .. &! a ! at a fear ae ? at dw a see & go @ 1 ge to ae aif eat 300 - sfee it | rancho he will turn you life into a nightmare of brand and price . rancho he will ruin you life . you future will be finish . want a demonstration ? shall I find out the price of he shoe ? I will not ask . he will announce it himself . just see . hold . suhas ' what the hell ... mint chutney on my $ 300 shoe ! ' as suhas have a meledown , a smug rancho walk back to pia . apt at ) ff vsagy 2 ) a 2 at be wa dt ort a 1 rancho walk away . suhas continue bawling over he ruin italian shoe . suhas genuine italian leather — hand stitched ! pia walk up to a man and tap he on the shoulder . the man turn . it 's viru sahastrabuddhe . fear 33 , a om tree the director look in the direction she 's point in . and see rancho , farhan and raju pile food into they plate from the buffet . bist ( baffle ) a oo he wea s| a set war ae eb the director make as if to move towards they . pia stop he . she have a look of glee and resolution on she face . frar 94 rancho run for you life ! it 's free advice . take it or leave it . pia dad , be they you guest ? director my student . what be they do here ? pia hold on , dad . ' typical , hungry hostel resident , the boy keep add to the mound of food in they plate , discuss the spread reverentially . af ys be | em 4 , ut & fre ae wet 21 uss a ht aes FI wear tt ...! pia appear before they . pia hil ( pleasantly surprised ) e! ea ! frat amt a eat ata ft aw | a ati the director walk up from the back and stand behind the trio . at be ef ar pia can I ask you for little more help ? 95 rancho this chick peas smell great . farhan no room for puri . rancho just pile it on . farhan ok ...! pia that be a eye-opener . thank you so much . rancho it be my moral responsibility . ae os ye h a 7 wee ast a s| sit saar srert aed 2 , Fe ei aedt < 1 mh atl pia you be really sweet . _ at ! wat 2 sef oh ? fear fara arr as | nex ae ! the boy turn around — and freeze in shock . the director regards they icily . in a reflex action they hand go over they heart and they start mumble . wa / tat / wear thoroughly enjoy rancho 's discomfiture , pia speak close to he car . 96 rancho yes , yes . pia dad will not let I break off this engagement . you explain so well . can you give he a demo too ? certainly . rancho certainly . raju , the mint chutney . raju yes . rancho where be you daddy ? pia right behind you . rancho oh ! raju / rancho / farhan aal izz well ... aal izz well . frat apt ait ) st usaey 21 can @ at at a at a a 1 setae a at aet rit he I BT ? rancho spring into action . he take out the white envelope from he pocket . ae ... frame 2 ard @ ae , Sat 7 ) pia snatch the envelope from rancho 's hand . fra wat & ah a ger at amet 2 reeling from this new blow , rancho look from pia to the director to the bride on stage . sie ! Tet ! a , atet eet feath afeat 2 ar ? pia tear open the envelope and hold it up , shaking it out . nothing come out . 97 pia run for you life ! its free advice . take it or leave it . director what be you do here ? rancho we will hand this gift to the couple . pia pll do that for you . it 's my sister 's wedding , rancho oh sister ! Sir , how many daughter do you have ? pia empty . no gift cheque . rancho ( feign innocence ) forget the cheque , raju ... farhan ? ignoring this feeble attempt at deception , pia break in , smile sweetly , savour she revenge . fear ash ait & ah a att ? _ wet ae ... of ugeactt aer ht eh a sr , Bet ST ah I it ae teaaett foot 4 scafetet ae ordt 2 ae oie omer fy ash gray atte ay , sae sae Al at af Star st up tar srret tae St amet hon es fsa aia dt ast fear eqaeet ? rancho glare at pia . ei ay , feorga tt 21 the director extend he hand for the design . pia we do not invite you . you must be from the groom 's side . rancho no Sir , we be here as the emissary of science . director how ? can you explain ? pia dad , he explain superbly . be sure he will give we a demo . wont you ? rancho well , Delhi have plenty of power cut that ... disrupt wedding celebration . so I think of make a inverter that ... draw power from guest 's car . director I see . pia wow . so where 's the inverter ? rancho . Sir , the design be ready . yat everyone look at farhan . farhan hmm ? a fear fear be be qat ? farhan point towards raju . em eat - 35 a at fear ari all turn to look at raju now . _ wy feate ? in response , raju let out a loud , involuntary burp . a az , tease fear wife a 1 , el ay , F wal ae , ae h ompeel ereee ta tat fear , at amg wife aie , eat seer arr att ST ae ) waif sithee atler ara fa at meet F gre gor FI at , 99 rancho where 's the design , farhan ? rancho I give you the design ? farhan T give it to raju . rancho raju , design ? rancho never mind the design . Ill make the inverter and show you . director you can only invent storey , not a inverter . rancho I will make one , I promise . and I will name it after you . after all , it be invent ... at you daughter 's wedding . so it will be a honour . ... the director cut rancho short . bist we wy at gat a a F air a faery area | int . director 's office , ice — next morning face pinch with anxiety , eye downcast , farhan and raju sit uncomfortably on they seat in the director 's office . opposite they , the director chomp on he afternoon meal , never take he gaze off they . mh ( bravely ) ae att we ge gee fea at al ? aa airy ae sa ae ... cerereraeea a ae in response , the director snap a food morsel off he fork and bite down fiercely . rem aie art & they fred onét F vet gar az wy at a , 4h dt omit one ft se seta wer eahae ae , yo omey a wet pear ( look at raju ) aie } ft aah eer ae ) tr ( glaring at farhan ) a at aw . ff ft ae hem az 100 director farhan , raju . I will see you in my office tomorrow ... raju Sir , what be the cost per plate ? we will reimburse you ... in installment . farhan we will never gate - crash a wedding again .. raju not even my own . farhan in fact , I will not even marry . nor will he . raju uh ... right . no marriage . wer a at at at ond wet het afew at finally , have finish he meal , he lay down he fork and knife . za gfrar # et sfeaee a ter aq ) he dab he mouth with a napkin and get up . farhan and raju also start to rise . the director walk to the portable white board in he office . he wheel it up to the boy . director pay attention . he start write on the board . farhan and raju exchange a puzzle look . the director finish write and turn . on the board be write — '' 25000000 '' . a 2 wretsera & Pratt bt yacht saat be bis stai farhan and raju gape in surprise . the director wipe out two zero from the figure . the figure on the board now read , '' 250000 . '' 101 director you parent should not have marry either . director the world would have two less idiot to feed . director sit ! director this be ranchhoddas 's father 's monthly income . bist wa saa & wo be et set freer et at he wipe out another zero from the figure . the figure on the board read , '' 25000 . '' bist al ney et saa 2 heer ? wear al a , a ai the director wipe out another zero . the figure on the board read , '' 2500 . '' stsfrt at a um oie get ey het ... a a . fer ah = tti the director face the boy , he hand behind he back . bist ada etl ae wai } a fae a ait | sr at ws 21 sa bile S att the clock strike two . the door open and Govind walk in with a shave kit . the director remove he spectacle and tie and loosen he shirt from the collar . he lie down on he couch and close he eye . Govind place the needle on 102 director couple of zeroe less , and it 's still a sizeable income . director but erase another zero , and I would worry a little . be not that you father 's income , farhan ? farhan yes , sir. director now take away another zero ... and that 's you family income , raju rastogi ... big reason to worry . director take my advice and shift into chatur ramalingam 's room . exam be on you head . stay with chanchad and you be sure to fail . the gramophone record and , as opera music fill the room , he start lather the director 's face . the boy stare , open-mouthed , at this elaborate ritual . the director hold up a restrain finger to Govind , open he eye and look at farhan and raju . sl et Fe at wear 27 ret wet a ! director then get lose ! the boy scurry out . int . toilet , hostel , ice - day rancho , farhan and raju sit on commode in they respective stall . UT aa ae ) aaa bae tey a wi @ - fag ws at at ha ae wy ord tga afea ) cit tea sah a # & ) a gar ea ay wa 2 % aa , bra eed oe gf fact perera tt tag , '' at ae we wee ar ? 103 director ' want a shave ? farhan no Sir . rancho raju , do not worry . this be virus 's move to split we . divide and rule . raju T have to worry . he grade we , and I need good grade for a good job . unlike you , I do not have a rich dad I can live off . farhan what nonsense be you speak , raju ? int . bathroom , hostel ice — continuous the trio shave at the wash basin . m h ( yell ) St aterm er ae eet a ? att at gear , '' a wear U oa wea hit he wt eI '' aét '' dia '' are sar ver s| aif ye a beat . mh ( overcome with emotion ) aft at amet aart star bt eareat foret s| pat pr meet wet et eet sate asda at areft soo afe free ota aril F apt um ast be vet aadt a a q areeqaee fat ep aret fare at fee ey arr aar ata aad 2 % ? vat a ue a # fee afeat fara ert ? m rancho and farhan break into a laugh . raju do not appreciate it . '' at at a hae vel , at 104 raju must we follow all he hogwash ? '' aal izz well 's ... I will not be he flunky ... like you . farhan you be crossing the line ... raju no , I be draw one . I have a family to support , raju dad 's medicine swallow up Mom 's pension . my sister can not marry because they want a car in dowry . Mom have not buy a single saree in five year . farhan now do not get you mom 's wardrobe into the debate . rancho by the way , how many saree per annum be reasonable ? raju hey ... no wisecrack about Mom . rancho walk up to raju . a ta , et at yet St et ah ger hat spit | ug verdict be fet ber wh fet yeea 4 ger ? aay wes tsey a? farhan chuckle . rancho nod , merriment dance in he eye . ww ae ay arr raju walk away , angrily . farhan run after he . ret to , ft ae ts , sat ae eat batt be eet a ae be sq sraifeac raju pull out the tube of toothpaste from farhan 's t-shirt pocket . he squeeze out the entire tube on farhan 's palm . wt afar eg savifraa , a? to stet saar ae ee | raju walk away . farhan look on helplessly . 105 rancho we will study with all we heart , but not just for grade . to quote a Wise one — '' Study to be accomplish , not affluent . follow excellence . and success will chase you , pants down ! '' raju which Wise one say this ? his holiness guru ranchhoddas ? raju go rot in the bog ! farhan raju , do not stress . we will top we class . nothing be impossible . raju nothing be impossible ? shove this back into the tube . ext . corridor , hostel , ice — day raju , he trunk and idol of god in hand , come out of the room he share with rancho and farhan . he walk down the corridor and enter chatur 's room . wer ( v.o. ) a 4 to a fee ace fear ! ora at sae hm ah het pret Tet fest ST ape wa , sh ST th assess | int . chatur 's room , hostel , ice — night chatur pace he room , memorize loudly from a textbook . from time to time , he tilt a bottle of pill into he mouth . raju study at he desk and the third roommate be sprawle on he bed . hem ( v.o. ) esa a a foul smell assail the room . raju and the boy on the bed jump up and try to get as far away from chatur as possible . ak chatur continue cram , unfaze . ert ( v.o. ) aie sare stor gat T sreat ar farhan raju get onto another train . his travail with chatur begin . yes , I mean travail , not travel . farhan chatur be call ' silencer 's . to sharpen he memory , he pop pill from a local quack . and then let off silent ... but lethal fart . chatur I do not do it ... raju ? farhan he always blame other for the output . ext . corridor , hostel , ice — night graffiti on chatur 's room door read '' gas chamber '' . chatur open he door , look around furtively , and then scurries out . he hold a pile of magazine in he hand . wer ( v.o. ) aera 's fet fy sere ae w= 4 a at ! a tl chatur start slide the magazine under the door of the hostel room . they be porn magazine . hem ( v.o. ) aol at at & BT have ! in they room , textbooks forget , student drool over the magazine . rancho see chatur in action , and frown . and then , smile slowly . wear int . library , ice — day chatur and the ice librarian , dubey be sit at the computer on the first floor of the library . chatur type as dubey dictate . 107 farhan silencer cramme 18 hour a day . on exam eve , he would distract other . farhan his belief — there be only two way of topping . elevate you own grade or lower you opponent 's grade . farhan rancho decide to subdue silencer and rescue raju ... with one master plan . wa & 1 daw ht haat ez ... ag naaat vat afer gait Ho qo ae at ame fat fret eI bo atv the rancho watch , unseen . he turn from they and make a indication to someone , miming a telephone receiver . wer ( v.o. ) fat 2 7 ederet ale oy & fae age al fal tar at ) Sat aaa at a ge fer h fere 1 a phone ring at the library reception , downstairs . aah eet | @t , jarat EI ( look up at chatur ) chatur get up and run down to take the call . age gait flearse omy wa tac F ond al a aet a , 2 af be a ear 108 dubey we director have unceasingly serve ... ' served 's mean ... chatur damn the meaning , I will memorize it . dubey memorise parrot . farhan chatur be the introductory speaker , at the teacher 's Day function . to impress virus , he get he speech write by the in high - brow Hindi . librarian ... clerk hello . hold on . chatur , call for you . chatur please collect the printout . I will be right back . dubey oh ... the thing I have to do ... dubey collect the printout from the printer . ' as he 's peruse it , rancho hail he . be frat 21 a ( surprised ) et | atl be dubey hand over the printout of the speech to rancho and leave hurriedly . a ore de 2 % , ae a wae he ST a , h ara € 1 al rancho tear up the printout of the speech . chatur reach the reception and pick up the phone receiver . chatur hello ! hello ! farhan hello , Mr , ramalingam ? stand at a spot from where he can see chatur but chatur can not see he , farhan speak to he on a cell phone . rancho Mr. dubey , the director be remember you . dubey really ? rancho yes . just now . dubey T will see he right away . give this to chatur . rancho yes . stf arya wae gyfer be a ser ver 21 ay siret F 2 ? chatur yes , sir. rem 2.41 fl , aer a ht at FI chatur what ! how ? wear a scare am a afaw , gear ale a the & aver poa & a as F wat fa ee ? rancho work on the computer , chatur and dubey be on , moment ago . he alter key word in chatur 's speech . rem ( v.o. ) yea a sah afr S ae have sea set ! sa , tae tt of tata | int . director 's office , ice — continuous dubey enter the director 's office . amt ast fara , ae ? 110 chatur yes ? farhan I be call from the police station . be you from uganda ? farhan you life be in danger . farhan listen carefully , or else you will get kill as soon as you step out of the college gate . chatur why ? what happen ? farhan while chatur be keep engage , rancho alter a few word in he speech , for e.g. , ' serve 's become ' screw 's . dubey yes , sir? setaet ( astonished ) art é of ? a wai meatier ) ware € az director ( sarcastically ) congratulation ! int . library , continuous ice - farhan be still on the phone with chatur . he 's run out of thing to say . wear at , we fie , wo fie ofirae aed be wt 2 ) ae aif ) chatur Excuse I , Sir ! rancho have finish alter chatur 's speech . he give a print command for the change speech and go to the printer to collect it . farhan rush to he with the cell phone , gesture to he to speak into it . at , seit St at to , F eet ari lll director who be you ? dubey dubey . librarian . I be permanent staff , sir. farhan hold on a moment . the chief 's on the other line . rancho yes ... so where be I ? chatur you say I may die outside the gate . a a a sp eat wa qa a ae be ge oh oft | i i a oft perret at ) aire oir | it farhan stifles he laughter . chatur ' what nonsense ! I know that ! vei ae , 2a tate aia at ap stl ma sara ! rancho hang up . a baffle chatur walk up to the first floor . he encounter rancho and farhan on the stair . yat & aaa , sy ] 4 ae few fear 21 chatur snatch the printout from rancho 's hand . 112 rancho right . as you get out of the gate , you will see a traffic signal . chatur traffic signal . ok . ok . rancho when it turn red , all the car will halt . chatur ok ... ok . then ? rancho then cross the road with great caution . because son , in rush hour if a car hit you , you be dead . rancho you know that ? excellent . then you be safe my boy . rancho from the librarian , silencer . q sre ata a tz , oes ! rancho and farhan charge out of the library , laugh , exhilated . wear wes ! they bump into dubey , return from the director 's office , and immediately sober up . a , setae a T tet , sit ae gear ? Year gar art at a a gt he ae fear | the boy run off , try not to laugh too loudly . be fren ? be ! int . auditorium , ice — day chatur , formally attire , walk onto stage to thunder applause . the auditorium be pack with student , teacher and guest . the director sit with the Chief Guest , the Minister of Education , in the first row . rancho and farhan sit together , eager with anticipation . 113 chatur you do not call I that , chanchad ! farhan chanchad ! dubey hey . the director say he do not call for I . rancho who say ' call 's ? I just say he ' remember 's you . dubey remember ? rascal ! chatur start speak into the mike , after the applause die down . age . - ore aera ete | dubey , sit right behind the director , give chatur a encourage thumb up . ade cafata fasta fren at aft ore . sf. fraré to , area pract sie ae be aera | al rat @ 1 ( beam at the director ) be des weaga ! everyone applaud . dubey tap the director 's shoulder . a , dt a we ee we em eI chatur he 's a great guy , really you be ! rancho and farhan get up from they seat and make they way to where raju be . they sit down behind he . age faeet acta be & erehy fee , se bieter h , aera y arene fee ... the auditorium explode with laughter and hoot . the Minister be in split . the chatur distinguish Mr. chairperson . chatur Chief Guest , the honorable Minister of Education , respected teacher and friend , if ice have now soar beyond the stratosphere , the credit go solely to Dr. viru sahastrabuddhe ! dubey Sir , the voice be he but the word be mine . chatur for 32 year , he have unceasingly screw student . director be shocked . dubey look stunne and uncomprehend . ( explain to a astonished raju ) sal Haas = the yf aac fear | ou sail & ont ft eet eit the Minister guffaw loudly . ade ay dt ama eter & fe ue ea ort set arr a seh be BA ht aaa 21 the student , include rancho , farhan and raju , howl in mirth . encourage , chatur continue . set ad ara 4 at om a aifat gaat # 1 aad be a sual , the director try to get up but the Minister , roaring with laughter , hold he back . as chatur start on the next line , the director turn around to dubey and give he a murderous look . dubey frantically try to mime he innocence . 115 rancho this mean he have pull off one wonder after another . chatur T be sure he endeavour will continue . chatur ' we be astound at how one man , in one lifetime , can screw so many , so well . chatur with rigorous training , he 's build up he stamina . he 's spend every live minute just screwing . let 's replicate he method . at et aa BT set 1 we the fader 4 da wai , ger & anv , br ey the student hoot appreciatively . rancho , farhan and raju clap enthusiastically . chatur be on a high . ama be a ert BT crowd lce ... lc - E ... lc - E millimeter stand next to some student , laugh loudly . age sar ei heel gt see ha ht aat get wal 4s at dare } fet oa wal a het oa , at set of ! dubey have have enough . he get up from he seat and head for the stage . wt fr oa , a fee BA ! chatur laugh along with the crowd , thoroughly enjoy he new- find status . he wait until the auditorium quieten . ag aera , tar | at the mention of he name , the Minister stiffen , suddenly wary . 116 chatur tomorrow ice student will go across the globe . wherever we go , we promise to screw . chatur we will make ice proud . chatur we will hoist this screwer 's flag all over the world . we will show the world that we capacity to screw ... can not be match by any student ... anywhere on the planet . chatur no other student , no other student ! chatur Mr. Minister . good evening . at ( to raju ) a T age ai in the wing , dubey slap he forehead in frustration . the student go mad with delight . raju gape , incredulous . dubey desperately try to stop chatur , miming the meaning of sttan . the indignant Minister turn towards the director . fafreet a aan ad ae tar 8 Fe asa | a eat cat at Ho a 21 a oh wad 2 | tar ae atl et at ! the crowd agree loudly , raucously . fafreet ( with mount anger ) ase & & ater 117 chatur you have give this institution what it sorely need . rancho booty , fund . chatur bosom ! dubey it 's bosom , stupid . bosom mean ... minister what nonsense ! that 's insulting . chatur everyone have a bosom , but it remain pockete . no one offer it so readily ! minister vulgar fellow ! ag # fear 21 more hoot and catcall . fafree furious , the Minister get up and start walk out . the director follow he . fafreee agordt & fra gerar at Gay aet 41 director its miscommunication . fafree in the wing , dubey faint . chatur gesture graciously to the clap and hoot crowd to settle down . AG a ~ za eof aaat we wh sei ae ot w% eI it hae | ay 118 chatur you have generously offer you bosom .. to this relentless screwer . chatur now see how he make it grow . minister be this what you teach here , director ? minister have you invite I here to insult I ? minister impertinent fool ! chatur on this august occasion , here 's a Sanskrit verse .... rancho listen to this — the might of he farting in verse . chatur a good loud fart be honourable . fafefrex wey ? se aiserae ! a fer tl - ah tt aan jar ! a wom - asdet we argh - wer tey | the director run onto the stage . he slap chatur on the back of he head , grab he by the neck and shake he . he then kick he on he butt , drive he off the stage . for the student this be the grand finale to a evening of entertainment . they throw handkerchief up in the air , rejoice . we be ...! fat sa , fat sat ae ! director out ! rancho and farhan , trace of mirth still on they face , speak to raju . rem ea , fear ay wer se at wer spt to , to , ce ! 119 millimeter ' fart ? go , silencer ! chatur a medium fart be tolerable . rancho tolerable tolerable ! chatur softer windbreak be terrible . chatur what do I do ? farhan that 's what mindless cram do to you . rancho cram may see you through four year of college but it will ' screw 's you for the next 40 year ! farhan laugh at the usage of the word . raju , however , be all serious and cold again . ignoring the other two boy , he get up and leave . 2 ext . water tank , ice — later that night rancho and farhan laugh as they go over the event in the auditorium . z fr fen fr bal ag a0 : vie gar har sirar be pare at ad omef ear wet at chatur come onto the terrace , sway on he foot , drunk and dishevel . he hurl a bottle at they , which smashes just miss they foot . ag ! chatur tremble with anger and humiliation . a q ees ) fa gert var fare &? 120 rancho he still do not get it farhan ' medium fart be tolerable 's ... unbelievable ! you be a poet , rancho . how do you think of this ? rancho that be fun . he do not know what hit he . rancho hey ! rancho oye ! chatur you swine . what do I ever do to you ? rancho and farhan try to lighten he up . aft be ) vase a a be ade waa dri sae wafer a srace vet acim | ong faa a eat ge tat fre ) tat ade ait he aeh | ( placatingly ) a , ss at be , tegaeit gar 2 , et arr wy a set we a - fe ea ar wa vell bs hah S Tet ae ) aea BT ina friendly gesture , rancho put he hand on chatur 's arm but chatur shrug it off viciously . rancho back away warily . y get sar qo aet svar 21 em at a sit ae oar 2 ? at at a he hat b? fah ith ... farhan and rancho crack up again . ade za ... ae faga y date wp fer wef # ae qaaaraa aah fear fee hoe - we gH asi 121 rancho sorry man . do not take it personally . chatur iwill . chatur ramalingam will never forget this insult . I will think of it every minute , every second of my life . rancho sorry man , that be a demo for raju — do not cram blindly . understand and enjoy the wonder of Science . chatur I be not here to enjoy . farhan so you be here to screw science . chatur laugh at my method . but one day this method will bring I success . that day til laugh and you will cry . rancho you be on the wrong track again . do not reat fae at 1 be at 1 @ fem @ fest a wt qo ? da be ? ora ? be ? chatur lunge in they direction , towards the break bottle on the ground . he pick up a shard of glass . var a wt I ai chatur stumble up to the partly construct dome- like structure in the centre of the terrace . var to ae ! wear war at be seer | with the glass shard , chatur start to scratch something into the wall of the dome . rancho and farhan watch , mystify . var war fera ter & ae ? chatur finish write and turn to the boy , he eye fill with venom . 122 chase success . become a good engineer and success will chase you . chatur this ideal do not work in the real world . you take you train , I will take mine . ten year from now , we will meet at the same station . same day . same place . we will see who 's more successful you ... or i. have the ball ? c'mon , bet ! it 's a challenge . watch it ! rancho what be you do ? rancho watch it ! farhan what have happen to he ? rancho what 's he write ? age a 3 c yt aa ! the date chisell on the wall read : sept 5 . int . watch showroom , market — night a expensive new watch adorn pia 's wrist . pia look embarrassed . frat & aera ! aera ( patronisingly ) amet stet ait far qa wer at yet 2 eqa eh | ( to the salesperson ) aae fea at fat a ? pia look at she wrist , try to get use to the weight and feel of the watch . she glance up — and see rancho and millimeter pass outside the watch showroom . her eye narrow in sudden anger . pia I will be back . ext . corridor , market —- continuous pia walk out of the watch showroom , look for rancho . she spot he . push she way through the crowd of shopper , 123 chatur do not forget this date . pia I be not use to such expensive gift , suhas . she reach he and millimeter as they walk on , they back to she . she grab rancho 's shoulder and turn he around . fear ( livid ) aita gat at at at ( startle ) be ? fear qo aa ater a etaree sat vet bi a eer ! rancho point down to the box he be hold . it say — ' virus inverter '. he realise he mistake and quickly try to cover the lettering with he hand . but pia have see it . she grab the box from he hand and fling it on the ground . rancho look from the smashed inverter to pia , with indignation . millimeter pia you change the speech ? rancho what ? pia do lie . rancho oh ... yeah . pia what 's you problem with dad ? rancho thave no problem I be make a inverter name after he . rancho look ... oh ! rush to gather the scattered part of the box . prefer ae as fear fear ait 3s rs os a ? ( point behind she ) a eat a , yer wa ! pia turn to see suhas stand in the sea of people , look around with a supercilious expression on he face . millimeter hand the retrieve inverter to rancho . they walk away . = ( inspect the inverter ) wr at fear be ! pia catch up with they and grab rancho by he shoulder again . fra ( furious ) ea sae gy aie fer a ae ? at oie aor eat ? vee efafrafer a , sab da '' areit ee ver 31 2 ) ae de a 125 millimeter she destroy it ! pia why be you harass dad ? rancho '' Cause he run a factory , not a college . churn out ass . like that one ! rancho she destroy it , man . pia how dare you call he a ass ? rancho he be one ! first engineering , then mba , then become a banker in USA . because it rake in more money ? life for he be just a profit-loss statement . pia raise a finger threateningly , but rancho do not let she speak , press on relentlessly . pia listen with grow outrage . frar oh sead ht et att not bl ? fat aat rancho notice the new watch on she wrist . var or , ote , 7a ast itr wh fare , vas wt he hand the inverter to millimeter . 4 q asa 8 ? rancho take off the new watch from pia 's wrist . rancho he see profit in you , so he 's with you . director 's daughter , doctor in the make ... good for he image ! it 's not you he care for . pia who do you think you be ? what do you mean he do not care for I ? rancho New watch ? one moment . millimeter yes . rancho do you always need a demo ? 6 , gera ! suhas turn around , spot they and walk up to they . aera ( exasperate ) wet at ? ong @a dm afer a zi Year ast ah ag caat ori ge et & aa suhas grab pia 's wrist . he explode . suhas what ? lose the watch ! to as wet ae war at et aera ae ae be a afi pia be take aback by he reaction . wat ga ! ae ara ! ae dt ae suhas ( to rancho ) just shut up ! ( to pia ) how could you be so careless , pia ?! and this callous attitude — it 's disgusting ! it 's disrespectful ! 127 rancho hey , suhas ! suhas where be you ? rancho she 's look for she watch . rancho never mind . get another . suhas tt cost 400,000 ! rancho mine 's just 250 / but keep the same time . eye wide with shock , pia stare at suhas . aera oe aie et fy pref at sey ora fee acer om be gert wéra areqit at ast ! tear of humiliation fill pia 's eye . oer wa ? ba a a a ? pia swallow , blink back the tear . frat omg aire eset fea ! a at ae wit to et ! suhas move away , search the ground for the watch . the truth behind he character finally hit pia . anger replace hurt . she turn to the grin rancho , grab the 4 - lakh watch from he hand , and march upto suhas . she tap suhas on the shoulder , grab he hand , and slam the watch into it . frat meat ! she storm off , leave a gape suhas behind . suhas that be a limited -edition watch . now wear you ancient piece of junk at dinner . suhas what be you stare at ? suhas here come the tear ! Real mature , pia . I can not handle this ! stop cry and look for it . pia find another wrist for this watch ... ass ! ext . parking lot , market - continuous impress , rancho and millimeter run up to pia . 2 , 4 at aifas a ae : saat ye we vat ater fear ! pia get lose ! pia have reach the parking lot where she scooter 's park . she get she helmet out of she scooter . in a burst of anger , she threaten rancho with it . sb op pia ' what do you mean ? 129 rancho you be solid ! you call he a ass to he face ! rancho it 's too noisy here . she 's say '' thank you '' , I hear '' get lose '' . pia I say '' get lose '' . rancho do not get so uptight . actually , you never really love he . rancho when you see he , do the wind whisper a melody ? do you scarf fly hl fo gust seq a 2 , be a aie qo var ast a tal frat ( snap ) oa fe fieedt 4 aor 2 , faa anew h set oe we well feat man ht ata 21 sit & wa be eer at er vat & a wat eat 21 pia give rancho a sweet , fake smile , then swing she helmet at he again . rancho 's phone ring . he answer it . eect | at ? rancho 's banter tone change to one of shock . a ? aie at ? ith ae , F ara @ a a qa ! he hang up , think hard . he glance at pia as she get on she scooter . sudden hope on he face , he run up to she . 2 ! gH afeaet be a a ? pia nod dismissively . ( desperately ) wf , wie ! in slow motion ? do the moon appear gigantic ? pia that happen in film , not in real life . rancho happens in life too — if you love a person .. not a ass . rancho hello . what ? rancho oh God ! ok , I be on my way . rancho you be a Medical student right ? rancho need you help . it 's a emergency , please . pia what ? ( plead ) he ae det , at ) ae a , of staer ait be way ard zt ... fe wt Gare sr facieefe ata ... ef ? be ae sey a , ext . enroute to raju' house — moment later pia 's scooter speed down the road . rancho ride , pia be sit behind he . fear ht get & ond foe ora , by sree as 4 , 3 pat age 4 St at afer aw 2 % ae F qerh ser ae wa 2 ! smfafetaa ! a fecskea at dt F ... ( grit she tooth in frustration ) a aet toe et steet sh ext . raju' house —- continuous the scooter stop in front of raju 's house . int . raju' house —- continuous the image on screen turn black and white . pia and rancho rush into the house . wat , wy het eb ? 131 rancho please come with I . what 's that oath you doctor take — you will never deny a patient help ... the hippocratic oath . please help I , it 's a emergency . pia you gate - crash my sister 's wedding , break off my engagement , my dad be pop BP pill because of you and here I be , help you ! unbelievable ! this hippocratic oath , it 's really do we in ! rancho where 's raju , aunty ? wy a atatit ceil a var 2 , der ) tegen at et de vet wet feat a! eat to & eae — for dw fae F vday ef argh 2 , pia examine raju 's Father . fear aeaeg et tt ) area wy a atatit & tl rancho 's mind scramble for a solution . and then , he have it . ext . enroute to hospital - moment later rancho , pia and raju 's Father travel on the scooter . rancho ride . raju 's Father be propped upright between rancho and pia , length of coloured fabric bind he to rancho . his arm dangle by he side . from time to time , he lurch and be steady by pia . the scooter weave through traffic , and be spot by a traffic cop . a the aie ! rancho ignore he , rush on . ext . / int . hospital - continuous rancho take the scooter into the hospital . shout warning to people in he way 132 raju' mother go to get a cab . call the ambulance two hour ago . in this country , pizza reach in 30 minute but a ambulance ! pia he need hospitalisation . urgently raju' mother oh God . traffic cop hey stop ! and use the horn liberally , he ride into the entrance lobby and past the wait area . pia hang on for dear life . doctor , nurse , attendant , patient and relative watch in startle amazement . wir wa , fa ... fa ya eal ea ... TI rancho travel through corridor , crossing nurse 's station and doctor 's cubicle . he turn into a ward and finally come to a stop next to a doctor examine he patient . rancho Doctor , Doctor , emergency , emergency ! he turn off the ignition and indicate raju 's Father to the bemuse doctor . rancho patient ! ext . / int . hospital —- continuous raju jump out of a autorickshaw , pay the driver , and rush into the hospital . rancho and farhan stand , talk , in the wait area . a 1 waa 2 % , a wa? ( on see raju ) U , at wh wt ... raju charge up to rancho and farhan . 133 rancho move , it 's a emergency ! move ! move ! move ! move ! it 's a emergency ! rancho that 's the patient . keep this . hey , here 's raju ... mh ( furiously , to rancho ) oa , a at eet fa sar ? rancho 's take aback . a flicker of hurt cross he face . he cover it up quickly . ei at a eis dee & aaa ? u! a & ghar a ae a at ! it at ! ster 4 we raju hurry towards the doctor walk down the corridor with pia . the two of they cross he , talk . sfaet at the doctor 's word , raju 's face fill with consternation . sfaet wear a a oe | oe fh oa tee Z pia ok . doctor bye . 134 raju what the hell ! you bring dad on the scooter . rancho should I have send he by courier ? raju no wisecrack on dad 's profession ! where be he ? rancho go ask the doctor . doctor Close call , pia . a little delay and we would have lose he . doctor glad you do not wait for a ambulance and get he on the scooter . call I if there 's a problem . raju lower he head , fill with remorse . he then look up at he friend . aa farhan try to lighten thing up for raju . he applaud lightly . pert be diet at sm a dire 2 ! at area a aad frat ver 2 , af ? rancho and farhan chuckle . al aay asl eh ata 2 ? ' as rancho and farhan crack up at they joke , raju smile at they fondly . pia walk back to the boy after complete some admission formality and paperwork . frat aat oat a ati at se tf anit er at aga att 21 arg aesit wep & that 21 a at geenret are be ae ae & wat fee eat raju be overcome with emotion . his eye fill with tear . he rush to rancho and envelope he in a hug . 135 raju rancho . thank you . farhan thanking you buddy ! silencer teach you manners ? rancho do not he teach you — a friend be a man 's great bosom ? pia go on now . you have a exam tomorrow . rancho exam we have many but dad mostly just one . we will not budge from here without you father . do not worry . a , veal ss be wet ar ( sobbing ) h ee nar atl ( teary eye ) wt we wh fs move by the scene in front of she , pia exchange a look with farhan . 0 ... th , tt BT ta wt wt ta be fit to rancho wipe raju 's face with the sleeve of he jacket . aie tet adh seat ya ae ST , atl 7 fat ae smiling through he tear , raju leave . at rancho watch he go , a affectionate smile on he face . he wipe he eye . pia look at rancho like she 's never see he before , she eye fill with wonder . 136 raju rancho , forgive I . I be scared rancho it 's ok . quiet , now . raju please forgive I . rancho it 's ok , calm down . go see you dad . rancho and do not go with that weepy face . raju thanks buddy . rancho go. ext . hospital - moment later rancho and pia walk out of the hospital . rancho wheel pia 's scooter . rel '' far at at a var be , a! bt &? ( smile mischievously ) aedt St & Sat ) wae a z 1 he put the scooter on its stand . frat ( puzzle ) afer ont ose ord a 21 ger fra at 21 a ge sa oer art at at ast vet wed a 1 pia look startle by rancho 's word . air wat vedt @ ws aft ee ) a as rancho start to walk back into the hospital , pia find she voice . 137 rancho natty scooter . save a life . how much do it cost ? pia pour some mint chutney on it . ir will tell you . rancho oh ... rancho hey , happy Independence Day , buddy ! pia but today be not Independence Day . rancho for you it be ! now you be free to wear you mom 's watch . rancho no ass can say it 's a ancient piece of junk . bye. fear & ) ge sa can a a a at at ast ft ? rancho smile at she . it ( gently ) get et mee F asat Sue a fra aw be & a , fre a F ast gott a , war have stat 8 ? pia smile , acknowledge the truth of he word . it wa fer ga aad at be aed fr ae wa a ati pia swallow the lump in she throat . fear al var gat a set qa ea af , a? fear atl ge ba yar ? var at amy et tare — aes ST a th my sre , a fat at ah to pia lunge at he in mock anger . pia you ! pia hey ! how do you know it be my mom 's watch ? rancho atyour sister 's wedding , you wear sparkling new clothes . only the watch be old . what could that mean ? rancho you really miss you mom that day , do not you ? pia yes . rancho you mom must have be really beautiful ? pia yes . how do you know ? rancho see you dad ? '' life be a race . if you do not run fast you will be a break egg ... the cuckoo bird '' . rancho dodge she , laugh . she smile back . he wave at she as he walk back into the hospital . she look at he recede back with a dreamy look in she eye . the wind pick up , whipping she hair around she face . the song start in the background . int . / ext . various location — night pbs 4 — zoobi doobi 4 qa $ 4484 '' 3 ) a4 . a4 al. a y & 4 al ow siz : age 4 4 139 the wind whisper a melody the sky hum along time itself be sing ... Zoobi do ... pum para Zoobi doobi param ... Zoobi doobi ... zoobi . Zoobi doobi param ... : zoobi doobi ... as it jive and jig along my silly heart go Zoobi doobi 's pum ... .. doobi pum paara pum .. leave sing on they branch be jam with flower crazy sunbeam dance off petal as bird yodel in the sky Flowers , bold and brazen snuggle and cootchie-coo ive see it happen in film what now happen with we Zoobi ... doobi ... zoobi doobi pum paara Zoobi doobi param ... pum fi wt bas at rater rater rater wt wt at at eat fey fy re ro ae apa ar atst X ore wad 7 rear perit F rar & a wr @ efe .. ee fi wt bas at ha BT I th Te sare at et soo at tet 2 ua abet er a lt I oar perit F rar & a be fte ee fi wt bas at int . hospital —- morning next on a bench in the wait area , the trio be fast asleep . pia , dress and ready to face the day , walk up to they briskly and start waking they . 140 Zoobi doobi as it jive and jig along my silly heart go Zoobi doobi 's pitter -patter go the raindrop whish - whoosh whistle the wind do- da - dee waltze the rain boom -boom echoe the sky drenched in rain and passion you sway you hip on cue I have see it happen in film what now happen with we Zoobi doobi ... zoobi ... doobi pum paara Zoobi doobi param ... pum ... Zoobi doobi ... as it jive and jig along my silly heart go Zoobi doobi 's the gorgeous low moon serenade the earth a shoot star skip along croon a ballad of love the night be bright but lonesome come touch I , my handsome I have see it happen in film what now happen with we Zoobi doobi ... zoobi ... doobi pum paara Zoobi doobi param ... pum ... Zoobi doobi ... as it jive and jig along my silly heart go Zoobi doobi 's 12 4 ( startle ) war ? sted alte a 7a Far ? mh ( panic ) war ? fra wat ... fis ! ar eat et of | at they be all awake now . rem aad 2 % ? fear h 2 ) get sew 21 dia ae at at ara S 1 ae , at ve ahl ttt ) whs th , ay ofa ! sea fey ae ) pia indicate the time on she wrist watch and rancho do a double-take . she 's wear she mother 's watch . he grab she wrist and look into she face . 2 ! be get vet ven ze 2 ! he give she a warm smile . pia ( whisper tenderly ) go! pia hello . wake up ... rancho huh ... uncle 's dead ? raju ' what ? pia no , stupid ! it 's 8.30 , you exam be at 9 . farhan but we can not leave he alone . pia I be here . it 's a matter of three hour . take my scooter . it 's get late . rancho hey ... gosh , what a ancient watch ! ext . enrouteto ice — ~ moment later the boy race towards college on pia 's scooter . the tower clock at the campus gate show 9.30 be , as the scooter zip in . ext . corridor , ice - continuous rancho , farhan and raju run through a corridor , to they class . int . classroom , ice —- continuous the classroom be fill with the silence of student write a exam . rancho , farhan and raju rush in , create a minor disturbance . they grab blank answer sheet from the examiner 's desk . they scramble to find they seat . examiner settle down there ! the examiner look at the clock on the classroom wall . it be a few minute past nine-thirty . time pass . the clock now show a few minute past twelve . the classroom be empty except for rancho , farhan , raju and chatur . chatur be on he 142 raju sorry , we be late . rancho it be a emergency ! way out . he submit he answer sheet to the examiner and indicate the trio . chatur ( in a theatrical whisper ) Sir , they be still write . examiner ( to the trio ) hello ! time up ! ( plead ) ay , ofa fare ae ey be ae ce os 41 gag ty meet , a , aie , ist the examiner look at they indignantly . wr ( v.o. ) the boy continue to write . the examiner start to organise the answer sheet . tert ( v.o. ) ay fier ft faa 1 che be goot be ata wa a ata set a fag a qari rancho finish . he get up and walk up to the examiner 's desk . farhan and raju also rush across with they answer sheet . aartrat amg a2 a mar ... fa a ah eI 143 rancho please , five minute . we start half a hour late . it be a emergency . farhan he glare at we like we would ask for both he kidney . farhan but we continue write . he get busy in arrange the answer sheet . rancho done , sir. examiner you be late . I can not accept this . em ae fs , ae ! suddenly rancho 's tone and body language change . ae ay ort & at ae ? unperturbed , the examiner lean on he desk and look at rancho . ae , ay el sit ath aie ter fe yar 2 ? the examiner be a little disturb now . sane ai. a a gr at rancho , hold he own answer sheet , take farhan and raju 's answer sheet from they too . in a sudden move , he jumble they up with the rest of the answer sheet on the examiner 's desk . ( yell ) well vat 8 ) amt , att , apt , apt , att he dash out of the classroom , raju close on he heel . after freezing for a second , farhan come to and bolt out 144 farhan Sir , please , Sir ! rancho Sir , do you know who we be ? examiner Prime Minister 's son ? even then ... I will not accept you paper . rancho do you know we name and roll number ? examiner no ... who be you ? rancho he do not know — run! run ! run! run! run ! too . the examiner run after they , to the door . aantrat ( shouting ) o ) pent ae vee zat a! he run back to he desk , confuse , and try to look through the mess there . sate aime fae & sear ae . fae & fea @ at dae ? he finally give up , slamm he hand on the desk in frustration . Sat oe ! int . / ext . various location , campus , ice — day rancho be fast asleep on he bed . raju pray fervently to the image and idol of god and goddess in he corner of the room . th ae 9 % car can we aif , omy afar tert ( v.o. ) art free wr art 41 St wey a wat & we set wee ee fh at 145 examiner hey , what 's you roll number ? examiner where the hell be they papers ? examiner aah ! raju o Lord , have mercy . farhan today be result day . everyone be strike a deal with god ... raju just take the case of my electronics . I will offer a coconut . outdoor , a Student pour milk into a bowl near a snake coiled at the base of a ant hill . wee 1 eee ga prasat a Student feed grass to a cow , by the roadside . ee 2 oar a Student pray in the shower . res 8 age 4 gar ) a faee ayer car ! a Student place a currency note before the idol of a local god , under a tree . be 4 ara , sae ya ea oe aa age , wt | tea , tat , tat | ext . corridor , ice — day farhan and raju run through a corridor to the throng of student around the notice board . wr ( v.o. ) at svt F at omer ofthe sane af wé rd , warm war arn fart art to ! 146 student 1 Sir snake , please take care of my physics . I promise a pint of milk per day . student 2 o mother cow , help I pass ... student 3 oh God ! I will see malti and sangita as my sister . but take care of my result . student 4 watch over my result God , I will offer rs 100 / every month , promise . farhan 100 / will not bribe even a traffic cop let alone the almighty . they squeeze they way through the cluster of body , raju finally reach the notice board , farhan behind he . rem aap a , ft a de ae , a 4 ae a ar raju scan the list on the board . ww a @ to ... we ! emt aie be ? he look at the list again . raju ( in a falter voice ) second last . wear oir ? raju 's gaze travel up and down the list . th ( in dismay ) wat @ ae .! at ? deeply disturb , farhan push he way out of the group at the notice board . 147 farhan check from the bottom . check from the bottom . raju you be ... last ! farhan and you ? farhan rancho ? raju not there ! farhan ' what ? hem ( v.o. ) fet do vari gafaa sé tt ey be 4 , we zaferr st eat .. eat aha ge a va be farhan sit on a step , away from everyone . behind he , chatur be in a agitate conversation with another student . chatur ( o.s. ) there 's a mistake . it 's not possible . it 's injustice ! chatur 's voice break . he slam he hand on a pillar in frustration and despair . raju come and sit next to farhan . he look even more depressed than he do earlier . rem ara a acer saat fear gal vet & a ? ( flat voice ) aas oat 21 wear ala ! se I at ? va startle , farhan look at he . wear yea ? raju nod , miserable . farhan my heart sink . not cause we rank tank , but ' cause we friend flunk . farhan what 's silencer howling about ? raju he get the second rank . farhan who 's first ? raju rancho . farhan rancho ? er ( incredulously ) ale ! farhan jump up and rush back to the notice board . he push aggressively through the crowd of student . wear ee A. be at ar ! farhan 's eye skim over the list raju miss before . at the top , at number 1 , be the name ' ranchhoddas chanchad 's . farhan and raju walk away , together , face morose , eye downcast . wear ( v.o. ) eo def & a F oa fer et ae at seat Sat a a sa a 21 afer tea we a at sae ge ear aie arr 3 ext . OPEN - AIR auditorium , ice — continuous the director and chatur sit with glum face , in the first row of a series of seat . the seat have be arrange for the group photograph . Govind be arrange student in the seat accord to they rank in the exam . govind ranchhoddas chanchad . Front row . right of the director . 149 farhan ' what ? farhan move over ! farhan we learn a lesson in human behavior : you friend fail , you feel bad . you friend top , you feel worse . we be sad . ' two other be sadder . rancho run up , bright and sprightly , to sit next to the director , on he right . chatur flank the director on the leave . govind uday sinha . second row . third the seat . alok mital second row fifth seat . rancho look around for farhan and raju . they be sit at the extreme corner . he wave at they . they wave back unhappily . rancho 's cheery expression change into a troubled one . ( sarcastically ) it ( miss the sarcasm ) ae , 4a at ye afer fey 4 & crac 8 , ds be aesme , af ds weee tta sea dle area atl syetaet Pet wa be seat oa z? it ( enthusiastically ) a , at ae ae free to soa , at sifea ts 9 cera @t aéf arfen , az ) fer 150 rancho Sir , why this seating accord to rank ? director any problem with that ? rancho yes , this grade system be like a caste system : a-grader : Masters c-grader : slave . it 's not nice , Sir . director you have a better idea ? rancho yes . result should not be display at all . why publicise someone 's flaw ? if you iron count be low , will the doctor prescribe tonic or air you report on tv . you see , Sir ? steer areat athe ear be areeht fee eet 3 fearon ) | af az settee after , Zz a ome fey ge at h aq as a aah by h ts oe am a foe a? 4 2a oa bel ome aas oma e eat , be oy af , ary het a ta rancho laugh good - naturedly at the director 's mock word . aah wet ae , ft ade at wet at , otf a 2 , as eaee a feaee ae feat art afar F eet ort e fo be ae h ger 1 ae dea fear be a 2 at srar fe srt fear 31 ary a ) az , eat at at a ae saar be at ( look over at chatur ) aot be wet seat er alee 2 ) car set ea , eat fa oat ari ae aresr steaee q meet se ! go meet ez ! rancho ( excitedly ) Bet , Sir bet ? 151 director so basically , what you be say be , I should personally go to each student 's room and whisper in the ear ... '' you have come first '' ; '' you be second '' ; '' oh , I be so sorry , you have fail '' . rancho no Sir , I mean grade create a divide . I have top , so I be next to you . my pal come last , they be in the back in the corner . director at least they be in the corner . more time with you , and they will be out of the photo . they will neither pass , nor get a job . rancho they will get job , Sir . there must be some firm that prefer human to machine . they will get job . I guarantee . director you guarantee it ! you guarantee it ! i qo to az ) Govind come run up to they . the director gesture towards raju and farhan . cas ha wo be ah ser wey a ata fret be ... the enormity of the director 's word stun both Govind and rancho . _ ae eof ? rancho break into a smile . photographer ( o.s. ) smile , please . eof , ae camera flash . the image on screen freeze to the group photograph of the class . 152 director Govind ! govind yes , Sir ? director even if one of they get a job in campus interview ... govind yes ? director .. shave off my moustache . rancho Sir ! director happy ? rancho happy , Sir ! end of flashback . back to present : ext . outskirt of shimla - day the sound of incessant honk fill the soundtrack . farhan , raju and chatur be travel in chatur 's suv . chatur , in the driver 's seat , be press down on the horn . a foul smell hit farhan and raju . ww ( explosively , wrinkling he nose ) ver 2 at weer ( try to wave away the smell ) at afte sa! fee att ara at ? they roll down they window and fan they hand frantically in front of they nose to ward off the stink . chatur I do not do it ... f/r , wh on ! rem ( in disgust ) ait , set eet year & sq ae earsit Al raju jackass ! honk to hide you toot . farhan septic tank ! pop pill again ? chatur / farhan / raju raju ... | farhan this be a familiar stink . wy 81 ge hs bre eh ze ! raju roll down the window and stick out he head and torso , breathe deeply . ext . ridge , shimla CITY - continuous in a popular , bustling spot of the city , a arab tourist click picture of a row of woman , all burkha-clad . chatur 's suv come to a halt near they . farhan , raju and chatur get out of the suv . wy ( to farhan ) al a , a a 21 '' Fe aie & a 1 farhan take out a suit on a hanger , from the car . wer os tay , a age wae a ae he yet a1 chatur rush up to farhan and grab the suit from he . chatur do not you touch my suit ! wear ( to raju ) ere be a , tt ae at fat the bf yea fa | raju he 's the sole cause for global warming . raju toss I you wallet — I will buy pants . farhan take chatur 's suit instead . farhan rancho will recognise you even in underwear . 154 chatur walk up to a chick peas seller and show he a address on he phone . ac aaa ? ade ( to raju ) '' aterat at art & ar raju hail the chick peas seller again . wh agarea , ager - set fore '' ag the chick peas seller point . farhan , raju and chatur follow he gaze . there , loom proud at the top of a hill , taller than the tallest tree around it , be a beautiful , palace - like mansion . aaatet a , at get wa 21 farhan and raju 's face light up with pride . chatur look disgruntled . farhan and raju exchange a smile , anticipate the end of they search . chatur where 's this ? chanawala if I could read , would I sell chick peas ? chatur he can not read . raju but he can speak . raju wait . do you know a ranchhoddas chanchad ? chanawala yes , he life there . ( eagerly ) a ! ext . chanchad bhawan , shimla — moment later chatur 's suv enter the gate of chanchad bhawan . a series of vehicle line the driveway . in the sprawling lawn be a crowd of people dress in white . farhan hurry up the pathway lead to the house . raju and chatur follow . raju fling chatur 's pill box at he . at ade at a a sar ! chatur catch it . age ( gratefully ) cit seer ) wet fer ? ( indicate he trousers ) eat a ari chatur look at raju and see he trousers on he , chatur hey how dare you ! that 's my pant ! chatur grab raju 's arm and pull he up short . he bend down and try to tug he trousers off raju . 156 farhan let 's go ! raju chatur , you pill . chatur thanks . where be they ? raju in the pocket . wy a be get eat gar et afar a fear a aaaT 21 one raju shake chatur off and try to walk on . chatur pull he back and bury he head between he leg , pull at he trousers . uw qo at ) we at ... fa be ts AK ! ht tad set ! ure aret ! sat . raju break free and charge ahead . chatur stumble behind he , yell . chatur T want it now ! int . chanchad bhawan , shimla — continuous farhan rush through the open door of the house and stop short . he see a body laid on the ground , in the hall . people mill around , pay they respects . the mood be somber . raju and chatur enter . wh a bar ? farhan rancho 's father . raju Karl marx say to share all resource . chatur hey shut up . take off the pants . raju hey you will give people the wrong idea . raju what happen ? a huge portrait of a ferocious - look man be display in the room . the name under the frame say - shamaldas chanchad . farhan address someone who look like a attendant in the household . ugae , J wreisara wet fireiit ? the attendant point to a man sit with he back to they , in conversation with someone who look like a politician . with suppress excitement , farhan , raju and chatur walk slowly towards the seat man . reaching he , farhan tap he shoulder . the man turn around ... but it be not rancho . real rancho ' yes ? site att ! ey wrersera & fara aed a farhan brother , where can ranchhoddas be find ? attendant there he be sit . farhan thank you . farhan rancho ... farhan sorry . we be look for ranchhoddas . ret wal , tress gare bts | west saa wes F gt zi afer ? farhan look at raju and chatur . they be all nonpluss . the politician rise from he seat . the man stand up with he . aa they clasp hand . the politician leave with he entourage . the man start walk away too , direct a dirty look at farhan , raju and chatur . unable to comprehend what be happen , farhan look around , baffle . something on the wall catch he eye . it 's a frame ice degree . farhan go closer to the wall . in mount shock , he read out the name on the degree . wear comdteert whee 's his gaze travel downward , to the frame photograph below the degree . he pale . without take he eye off the photograph , he beckon raju . 159 real rancho I be ranchhoddas . farhan no , I mean ... ' ranchhoddas shamaldas chanchad 's . real rancho ranchhoddas shamaldas chanchad . that 's I . politician ranchhod , take care , Son . farhan ' ranchhoddas chanchad 's . ser wy raju and chatur come up beside farhan to look at the photograph . it 's the group photograph of all of they at ice . in place of rancho , however , be the man they have just meet . interval fade in ext . ridge , shimla — day the city look quaint and pretty from the balcony of the cafe . farhan lean over . however , the view be the last thing on he preoccupy mind . next to he , seat at a table , raju absently reach for some cookie from a hamper chatur 's leave there . wy ae '' efaer F gear onett esata fecet @ fara ae aestaae 4 snat aie at ah vat omeit & free farhan turn towards raju . wer afer aed creer ) aaepe war 2 , ay a mee sit be ! wy fre het a ? 160 farhan raju ! raju I will be in the guinness book for drive from Delhi to shimla in a underwear . that too , for the wrong guy ! farhan same name , same degree , same photo , but a different guy . what 's go on ? raju how do silencer get rancho 's address ? raju 's word make farhan realise where to start solving they puzzle . em at ! ( call out ) it agt ! sat gt chatur be take a leak against someone 's compound wall . at the sound of he name , he turn — and yelp in horror . age mar he rush towards farhan and raju , zipping up on the way . he snatch the tin of biscuit as well as the biscuit in raju 's hand . chatur how dare you open this ? I get this from San Francisco , handmade biscuit . chatur pick up the hamper and take it away from raju . chatur specially for Mr. phunsukh wangdu . i . ae hr ae fe te ) a T ... a ... gatt as ! 2 4 at the sa ? gf a a de aster | 400 4 = ae size fey ) wh aret a ae ae tere , sta ot aifet rae 161 farhan good point ! hey chatur , come here . chatur hey ! hey ! raju phunsukh bangdu ? now , who 's that ? chatur not bangdu . wangdu . ' W '. phunsukh wangdu . do you know who that be ? he 's a great scientist . 400 patent . the world want he . take I a year to get we. aq , wa & a t sa fa I wer , ome fat dt a ! aaa chatur finish tidy up and re-pack the hamper . tr wet a ? at a to a a par chatur take out a photograph from he laptop bag and give it to raju . at a tat raju look at the photograph . he be stunne . a at aad edt be ya aet one at freer aie 4 fe ht farhan take the photograph from raju . it 's a tourist like photograph of tracy , take in a street of shimla . in the background , at the far corner of the photograph , be rancho . a fran ) ae ast ved fet war ) fa fare at bm shadt dae St ) say ath at ! hs CST | 162 a appointment . once he sign the deal with my company , I will be huge ! raju forget wangdu . how would you get rancho 's address ? chatur you should be thanking phunsukh wangdu . he lead I to rancho . chatur see this . chatur my secretary be here to fix a appointment with wangdu . chatur she do not get the appointment with wangdu but I find rancho . I check the shimla directory and find rancho 's name . wy farhan put he hand on raju 's shoulder . he have a resolute look on he face . wear > e| int . chanchad bhawan , shimla — moment later real rancho stand before he Father 's portrait , a brass urn with he Father 's ash in he hand . ( choke with emotion ) arg ty aft ora ) fy arash araéy saat bat BT Te fat wti farhan , raju and chatur walk down a long corridor into the room . they stop at a table cover with urn , a little distance away from Real rancho . at atl ome wy a T att of T ) one as ae dt a as am ... wer ( o.s. ) ( sarcastically ) 163 raju ' what happen to he face ? plastic surgery in honour of you visit ? farhan only one man have can give the answer . real rancho sorry papa , I could not fulfill you last wish . you keep ask I to take you on a pilgrimage . but I wait for the highway tender . real rancho there the tender open , here you close you eye . I be so sorry , papa . I could not be a good son ... farhan whar be you say ... startle , Real rancho turn towards they . rem a sam act efafrae aati foot fear ae west 215 a at as aI faa tat ( aggressively ) fat oefaorr ae ort F a bae eat wet bat bni rem ( eye flash with anger ) set at ht art | ey ae at par s| at a1 fest & sie 4 a area atreaet aie aest wea a be ft ? q fet eae dea af 81 a oe a ort ? Real rancho come to a decision . he place the urn on the table between he and the other three . he walk up to a cabinet — and take out a rifle . as he load the first bullet , chatur turn tail and run out of the house . in a smooth , expert action , Real rancho point the rifle at farhan and raju . feast tar ( menacingly ) art fy cpa ga , peat be gar ft a a | at the < be he ie 164 farhan you be a engineer . you degree 's on the wall ! you be a very good son . real rancho how dare you barge in without permission ? T will have you arrest . farhan no , you will be arrest . we have make enquiry . you use the degree to clinch contract . raju I 's we friend 's degree . how do you get it ? real rancho this be a 150 - acre estate . if I shoot and bury you , no one would even notice . get the point ? now get lose . farhan and raju glance at each other but do not move . Real rancho indicate to the urn on the table . a get akear a ae & arm slowly , farhan and raju walk backward . they exchange another , brief look . then farhan yell out . ret simultaneously , raju make he move . he gtab the urn from the table and dash through a door , farhan on he heel . Real rancho jerk out of he inertia and start run after both of they . real rancho . no ! raju run back into the room they be in , look around wildly . farhan urge he towards another door . rt say , Sat , sic they barge in through the door of a bathroom . Real rancho come gallop after they , see they and stop . he cock he gun and aim at they . a a es ! a ae 165 real rancho I be take papa 's ash to the sacred river . can take yours too . farhan grab papa ! here , here . farhan here , here ! real rancho let go of papa ! cornere , raju and farhan scramble desperately to the only weapon they find — the commode . raju drop to he knee beside it , slam back the cover and dangle the urn in the open cavity . mh a a 2 9g , fea a 9 aftafaesty ae om dt ot a 1 wt bt al caret he ! mh 5 n amr i a vet , wee a ttt ) a be ... wa et the a fara , fart ae a! Real rancho place he finger on the trigger . raju place he finger on the flush lever . '' 2 : 1 be caren , F wt car | a , '' dw prem . a farhan take a step towards Real rancho , bluff bravely . wear ( aggressively ) farhan reach out and take the lid off the urn in raju 's hand . 166 raju tell the truth or papa be flushed ! real rancho Hand over papa ! raju papa go to the sacred sewer . real rancho get papa out of the pot . raju you pull the trigger , I pull the flush . real rancho T will count to three . farhan whom be you scare ? fire. emt wy , tat sez raju look into the urn . it 's empty . the colour drain from he face . feat be wel raju look behind Real rancho , at the table cover with urn . he see the correct urn there . ret wat eh at ase omen , afer a F de amr at St asear b oer ) bast ? raju nudge farhan . er a &? Real rancho start to panic now . real rancho . two . a incense farhan continue he verbal barrage . ret fer set & om am gs fare wear ary wt BT raju get up and tap farhan . er a &? 167 farhan raju , scatter the ash . real rancho one . farhan take we down , and papa 's go down the drain . farhan ' what ? farhan then grope for he in the gutter . farhan what be it , raju ? a ( in a low voice ) vet oer at oa be ) a at be q aw a rem ( flabbergasted ) areit ? areit ? wear ( in a frenzy ) at ae St , act ae ft , F I be at a et ) ( fearfully ) wet , well , at | wear wait he St , be he at farhan 's shaking hand drop the lid into the commode . Real rancho panic and throw down he gun , raise he hand in surrender . wat ! esq tti silence descend on the room . farhan and raju look at Real rancho warily . slowly , raju kneel by the pot again . wo ( threateningly ) 168 raju we have get the wrong urn . it 's empty ! farhan empty ? real rancho empty ? farhan empty — we will empty it out ! real rancho no , no ! farhan we will empty it out real rancho no ! hand up ! raju who be you ? fract tar at '' wrist % az raju jerk the urn downward , into the commode . gelling out in alarm ) at ... @! a4 , ae et aka , or at ania , wa det er % a ! F a wrersarey él a dt we a ble ? int . bathroom , chanchad bhawan , shimla - continuous farhan , raju and Real rancho sit on the bathroom floor . raju be still hold onto the urn . farhan hold Real rancho 's rifle , it 's barrel point upward , away from everyone . Real rancho launch into he story . gat fat a of | B he a ot a oa ae h vee fear ) ae h ail sey um a fest tae , as fs to gat , seat flashback chhote ( 10 year ) enter a school compound and pause , look around , adjust he ill-fitted tie . then , a gradual smile light up he face . he start walk . 169 real rancho I be ranchhoddas . real rancho I swear on papa , it 's true . !am ranchhodas ! that be chhote . raju / farhan chhote ? real rancho he be we gardener 's son . everyone call he chhote . he stay on with we after he be orphane . he do odd job around the house , run errand . he have a passion for learn . faa tat ( v.o. ) at aer quar afrett ved & ea fae ge ara at chhote sit in a classroom , smile , happy to be there . he study on a bench in the school compound . Real rancho ( 10 year ) run up to he with a pile of book and mouth some instruction to he . chhote grin good-naturedly . faa tat ( v.o. ) 3 seer weer aa at sa stat ts fergerat be ) at crest he we at ... flor chhote write on the board of a empty classroom , solving a complex mathematical equation . a teacher watch he from the door of the classroom . faa tat ( v.o. ) war 8 ) apeestt be at ara a a sere ay at & terr ? chhote turn and look at the teacher , wide eye with fright and guilt . 170 real rancho held wear my old uniform and slip into school . and attend any class he like . real rancho I take advantage of he . I make he do my homework , take my exam . it be go well , till one day ... real rancho we teacher see a sixth grader do tenth grade math . teacher which grade be you in , son ? what 's you name ? feast tat ( v.o. ) ey ves ta ) ot as one a , safer spect + fafoat be sa 4 ged oe aart die aat | the teacher lead chhote down a school corridor . int . chanchad bhawan , shimla — day a impose look man , shamaldas chanchad , sit in he grandiose home . chhote and the teacher stand before he . saree gear gat at 2 , ater a a & walt | shamaldas rise from he leather sofa and go up to the teacher . saree ue fearaa 8 cer yey ae step 2 , aie R gaa 4 , a fe & fe ayer ay wed | Fe 42h a bar seh erm ( glance at chhote ) feat aet sa fear a afer , yer end of flashback int . bathroom , chanchad bhawan , shimla — day Real rancho continue he reminisc . 171 real rancho we get catch . papa be a powerful man , so we teacher alert he before go to the principal . shamaldas you start it , you will finish it . shamaldas people pretend to show I respect , but behind my back they mock I as a illiterate . I will not let that happen to my son . this boy want to study . I want just a degree . let the game go on . make this kid a engineer and I will have a degree in my son 's name on that wall . rar a onedis F year war ) at | ara sta at fr fet fet & ae ogee a feat orett & aren F seh peer deeply move by the story , farhan and raju be in tear . at aaae sect at — F dt sal fein , we um fer a sae omdt a ced be a oe art war arr ? farhan and raju smile . aed fra wea & ge ert be fy user eat El get sah wt ) we aer a abe foot et ad a aki farhan and raju exchange a look and speak together . em / wt am at aie ? raju place the urn in front of Real rancho . ext . chanchad bhawan , shimla — continuous Real rancho stand in he driveway , watch chatur 's suv zoom away . he turn from the suv with a sigh of relief and look down at the urn in he hand . he lift the lid to look inside and do a double take . he peer into 172 real rancho I go to London for four year , he go to college as I . he would promise to cut contact with all after get the degree . real rancho but he always say , '' I will not meet but then what will you people do ? two idiot will come look for I . '' real rancho he really miss you both . I will give you he address , go to he . but please keep my secret . farhan / raju what secret ? it , upturn it — to no avail . it 's empty . in panic and anger , he yell after the retreate suv . fract tar wt ... ta ! just then , a attendant rush to he with a similar urn in he hand . 330 at sit 2 ) ext . road — moment later from the backseat of the suv , a anxious chatur pester farhan and raju . ude '' a sy et oa ? ao ae are eh 8 ? raju be at the wheel . farhan be sit next to he . m h aaed h 1 a a a ae omer ret sa be sh hei age _ ey well wn we 2 ? wear ere | real rancho papa ! attendant you get the wrong urn , sit. papa be in here . chatur what the hell 's go on ? who be that gun guy ? raju complicate story . without subtitles . you will not understand . farhan ignore it . chatur where be we go ? farhan Ladakh . chatur Ladakh ! why ? em var a fre chatur School teacher ? chatur bray with laughter , in he typical style . a , arecti ? a ue age ofasee ait at wit afer raju D for donkey man ! wa ; ; vee die F qaqa aime & nect fafrar etat slt ae heat $ 4 a clothes peg hold a notepad dangle from the rear view mirror of the suv . raju pull it off and clip it onto he nose , as farhan plug cotton into he ear , both shutting out chatur . 174 farhan to meet rancho . chatur what 's he do in Ladakh ? farhan no clue . we have the address of a school . chatur I be vice President of rockledge Corporation , and he ... a for Apple , B for Ball ... chatur next week I will sign a huge deal with phunsukh wangdu and he ... % fee aa be ) sa at ams ht se ati al we at BT at ! the suv travel through stun landscape . farhan look out of the window , remember , flashback : int . auditorium , ice — day the auditorium be pack with student . they listen to the commanding voice of the director . sl se Fe ay yo ney wae ae jee ss a ay ? chatur , sit in the front row , pipe up eagerly , along with almost everyone else . chatur / student Neil armstrong , sir. chatur and he ... a for Apple , B for Ball ... farhan today my respect for that idiot shot up . most of we go to college just for a degree . no degree mean no plum job , no pretty wife ... no credit card , no social status . none of this matter to he . he be in college for the joy of learn . he never care if he be first or last . director who be the first man on the Moon ? director obviously , it be Neil armstrong . we all know it . who be the second ? a beat . director do not waste you time , it 's not important . nobody remember the man who come second . rancho , farhan and raju , sit together in the back row , exchange look . a née ae , sea aofat ga aera aah , arret eat eat eer & fac vet , srr ea fy ger er unimpress by the director 's word , rancho shift restlessly . he glance at he friend . they be both transfix by the director . director this be you last lap , my friend put the medal on the pedal . accelerator dabao . go out there and make history ! the auditorium reverberate with applause . director any question ? raju raise he hand tentatively . director ' yes ? 176 director soon , 26 company will be here with job offer . you will have a job even before you final exam . th . sr tweet hove et aah a er a ae .. to vari ofa ... wet or ? chatur and a few other student snigger . settee ( sarcastically ) aft ye aaa ? oie I 2 fh a a aaa som FI farhan raise he hand . director ( raise he eyebrow ) as expect . a beat . director please come on stage . everybody give they a big hand . come on stage . come ! student start clap . rancho rub he hand across he face in exasperation . look trap , farhan and raju make they way slowly to the stage . steer area , omga , bre ge he eh ! as farhan and raju climb the step to the stage , the director go up to they , continue to speak . settee fet a ama a4 a adie & aaa ae egy 4 be arg 2 ) 177 raju Sir , suppose a student get a job . but narrowly fail the final exam , will he still have the job ? director very good question . anyone else with the same question ? director come , come , do not waste my time ! director for the last four year they have be we most consistent student . consistently last in every exam . a few student laugh again , chatur among they . rancho watch through narrow , troubled eye . the director lead the cring farhan and raju to the centre of the stage . bist ah ae siar ear et at ofa & oer or frre & ey ae F aay at a & 1 at sere & vat fear chatur bray loudly . but most student be not laugh anymore . rancho look deeply disturb and angry . bist ws 2 be feat ert | sa ot at ga at a sb ater of ae oraz a & wa 2 ) oe waeét ee ) stet ae tye F fear grr ) gere ws sts | as farhan and raju stand there , batter , the director stare piercingly at rancho . rancho look back at he steadily , anger flash in he eye . director give they a big hand , please everybody . he director start clap . no one else ping. join in . 178 director come my geniuse , come . they brain will fecch a handsome price . Cause they be completely unused . director and to answer they question , the exam will not affect they job because no company will hire they anyway ! they be so unique , they name will be write in gold - ' farhanitrate 's and ' prerajulisation 's . ext . water tank step , ice - night rancho , farhan and raju sprawl on the wide step lead up to the tank . they be drunk . wear ( slurring ) aret tt seneary eee fear | aye Te , goal sa be ait wad a T raju suddenly raise he hand to the heaven . th ( shouting ) ward ! F ae - ag er Su , caret orrcafeat ( stumbling to he foot ) a uh a ae se ) aaa al se sfaar aq va a rancho crack up , hold on to farhan 's shoulder . th ae fo oer s41 wee ae a yas var bab , tet ! u , ara hr aut & wer & aan ? rancho sip he drink , still laugh . er ( to rancho ) wat fay a , atl ae ee a zt farhan he screw we ! in front of everyone . raju God , I will give up mear , light a 1000 incense stick . do I just one favor — pick virus from this world ! raju burn he in hell . fry virus-nuggets in bubbling hot oil , God ! rancho you think God be a contract killer ? farhan you shut up . you be in the centre of the photo every year . we be rotting in the qa & a aree F ge } get pasay & , they aie ard bes h bs with ae Z , a ! a a b al , i wife 9a ait a be 2 ) sfafrattr be do 2 , yr ) be gert gar & aan 2 ? rancho grab farhan 's rucksack from next to he . rem a at be be 21 a a ae wey Pet rancho open the bag and empty it , pick out a envelope from the spill content . wear ha ! he ! ht ( hold up the envelope ) art a 2 % 2 a a1 a de os we fei 180 corner . this year we may fall out of the photo altogether . rancho know why I come first ? farhan why ? rancho . because I love machine . Engineering be my passion . know you passion ? farhan that 's my bag . rancho be quiet . farhan what be you up to ? farhan hey ! rancho this ... letter . be you passion . go post this at afer & war at ? farhan snatch the envelope from rancho . rancho snatch the envelope back from farhan . wear at ! ara at vet cat a a fre a farhan istvan . art feat aed at at aft oy be faze eee B se a sae heh a cee raju sip he rum and chuckle appreciatively at the nickname . atl at arr ee frat be tare 31 a beat . fe | be ae a ot , at afer decree ot , at ara st at wet ed ? 181 raju what be it ? farhan hey ! rancho 5 year ago he write this for he favorite wildlife photographer , andré ... rancho he want to train with he in hungary . but in fear of he dad , Hitler qureshi , never post it . rancho quit engineering , marry photography , follow you talent . rancho if lata mangeshkar 's dad force she to be a fast bowler and sachin tendulkar 's dad push he to be a singer , imagine the disaster ? rancho fix he gaze on farhan . _ a wae war 2 a a da be ? ara eam gea & ST 4 , aie ont he eer & ast a 1 raju get on he haunch and bow he head in front of rancho . ( to raju ) walle q sei 2 ) seit ) a ea , seer a the ) safrat be 2 , ayfeat serer e1 a ee & few , we seq St et h fa , wo ata & fer at wae a scar aem , amt Fe ? it ( indicate raju ) ( indicate farhan ) uh at al a bi farhan be strike by a think . a not gat fet ST eat fs sea a aie seat ow ey ae rancho do you get it ? idiot ! love photography , but be marrying machine . raju you holiness guru ranchhoddas engineering be my girlfriend and wife both . but I still fail . why ? farhan explain , rancho 's Cause you be a coward . scare of the future . look at this , more holy ring than finger . one ring per fear : exam , sister 's dowry and job . with such fear of tomorrow , how will you live today ? how will you focus on study ? rancho strange buddy ! one life in fear and the other in pretense . farhan you live in both — fear and pretense . seh 1 y sear wate ! rem tt aq a! a a , fear 9 sear 2 , afer alert bl seat b! wy . a! farhan and raju guffaw with laughter at they observation . yat u1 a , a , '' ee ! ee ! wy wl usqeq ear eof 2 arb her fxn | ( challengingly ) @ feat at at & fear be ate edt a ~ a a ( protest weakly ) a ae ait wet be wet bae sige at a al et a 3 ge mart & tst ret a at a , a at a ! F azar area 183 rancho hey ! I be not scared ! farhan listen , he love pia but be scared to tell she ... raju yes ! rancho what rubbish ! raju easy to offer free advice , tough to follow it . have the gut ? go confess to pia . raju say ! rancho there 's no connection ! raju deep connection , you holiness . farhan listen , if you confess to pia . I will tell & -— ome g fear at amet fer a art be ater at at fo or se gear a a the word of he friend seem to have set wheel in motion in rancho 's mind . mh a aan et ater ae , ater sar ! rancho get on he foot . he descend a few step unsteadily . yat ad ! farhan and raju do not move from where they be . rancho take a gulp of he drink , almost as if he be gather courage . yat ad ! his friend finally pay attention . 184 dad — no engineering , ''m marrying photography . raju yes ! farhan yes ! raju and [ will dump my ting before the job interview . deal ? farhan have the gut ? raju his holiness be speechless . rancho let 's go . rancho follow I . rem fenere ? m h wet ? rancho descend a few more step . a reckless smile come onto he face . yat ae | m h well ? ext . gate , director 's house , ice — moment later the director 's house be in darkness except for the florescent lamp lighting the driveway . the nameplate at the gate read ' viru sahastrabuddhe’ . farhan fall on the nameplate . rem raju peer through the bar of the close gate . wl tte to , oe Sri art dt vet 21 & sum , '' ser a g1 oer rancho push open the gate . 185 farhan ' where ? raju where ? rancho let 's go . raju where ? farhan hey virus ! p be anti-virus . raju hope no dog here . rancho coward ! let 's go . wear vu , a a gat gee ae sa at at # aaa oat sr farhan make the sound of a siren . wh tee tee int . director 's bedroom , director 's house , ice —- continuous the director , fast asleep in he bed , give a start , but continue sleep . ext . garden , director' house , ice — continuous rancho and raju steal through the garden to a trellis grill attach to a wall of the house . they start climb the grill . ext . gate , director 's house , ice — continuous farhan attack the director 's nameplate with a rock . ext . garden , director' house , ice — continuous rancho and raju have climb the trellis and reach the top of the wall . ext . gate , director 's house , ice — continuous farhan have gouge out key alphabet from the director 's nameplate . the nameplate now read ' viru '' buddhe 's . 186 farhan if there be any danger , I will give the virus alert . raju shh , sshh ! em int . pia 's room , director 's house , ice —- continuous rancho and raju be at a open bedroom window . the bedroom be dark , just the outline of a sleep figure under a quilt , on the bed be visible . as raju take a swig from he rum bottle , rancho climb into the room clumsily . ty T ext . driveway , director 's house , ice —- continuous farhan deflate the tyre of the director 's car , laugh delightedly . int . pia 's room , director 's house , ice —- continuous rancho weave he way to the bed . the person sleep on the bed be completely cover by a quilt — except for she hand . plonk down on a stool beside the bed , rancho smile at the hand . raju make himself comfortable on the window sill . he pick up a guitar lie near the window . 187 farhan beware — virus inside . raju hoi ... rancho shh ! th 2 ! '' game fe ¢? frat : the quilt move suddenly . at art 22 rancho clasp down on the hand to stop it from move . ga ... fart a ) F wrest biss | a fawe a at a a fee F car tst | raju start sing . a 5 es a fe ... far ... ger a ree 4 faa be ae fare a 1 dream sequence cut — rancho and pia cootchie-coo on pia 's scooter , raju 's Father sit between they . wal Hom yt ash get a wet ft fact rat EI the hand stick out from under the blanket make a thumb - up sign . 188 raju need background score ? rancho pia ! mona who 's it ? rancho do not yell ! it 's I , ranchhoddas chanchad . just listen for a moment , then I be go say not a word ... raju say not a word ... rancho pia ... that 22 minute with you on the scooter be the most enchant 22 minute of my life . rancho I could spend a eternity with you on the scooter . mona wow ! raju continue to sing . wy ae at tat e | rancho take ' pia 's hand 's in he hand . vat @ , oh a ger S areyy F eager we do we ae ae a ont a1 dream sequence cut — a smile pia ride she scooter wear bridal finery and she helmet . dream sequence cut — the hint ofa smile on she face , pia walk purposefully , remove she helmet as she walk . dream sequence cut — pia and rancho ' 's face close in for a kiss . at ( gesture with she hand ) wat ? rancho every night you ride into my dream on you scooter , dress as a bride . rancho instead of a veil , you lift you helmet rancho .. and come close to kiss I . rancho but that kiss do not happen . mona why ? eat be ara '' or ond @ , sire fax horr oar 2 the hand rancho be talk to , slam on a light switch . the light come on to reveal the person the hand belong to , as she sit up . si be da aét ott & eis rancho recoil with shock at the sight of mona , fall off the stool . raju get ready to make a run for it . org th att ... at am aa fra a at ( wistfully ) art era | from under the quilt next to mona , pia emerge . frat diet ! dha F gat cer ! be ater at sear xe - 3 ( befuddle ) a be 8 ? 190 rancho because the nose collide , and I wake up . mona the nose never collide , stupid ! rancho I be sorry , I think you be pia . mona I wish I be . pia sister , why do you interrupt ? it take he four year to say this . mona pia , kiss he . show that nose do not collide . you have my permission , kiss he ... he 's so cute ! rancho who 's this ? fear ler ! at ( look at raju ) at am a? panick , raju drop the guitar and swing out of the window . ext . garden , director 's house , ice — continuous raju jump off the wall lead from the window , and land in the garden below , with a loud thud . ext . director 's bedroom , director 's house , ice - continuous the director start in he sleep again . ext . garden , director 's house , ice — continuous find himself still in one piece , raju till with laughter . the rum bottle in he hand be intact too , and he take a celebratory swig from it , still lie on the ground . ext . pias room , director 's house , ice —- continuous pia be sit up in bed , and mona stand beside it , talk to rancho . mona be in a advanced stage of pregnancy . er ( excitedly , hold she belly ) ua 2 , ct oad a @ 4 a , & fer | we ere | 191 pia my sister ! mona who be you ? mona ' when you be talk , he kick . first time ! it 'o ? art a 4 sifas & yer ari af are S at fe av 4 efafae be ver 2 at slaer ei ( confiuse ) ade ? frar es at eet rancho address mona 's belly . vei wea 8 ) ae se hea be fermper & ctfet J be aera sit cre foot stet | satet srr a , age fet 4 a waar aie aera sitet et fer mona stiffen with surprise . tat ( hold she belly ) eee ! bt fre ! far a eat '' ater sa ae '' | veit / frat att sy ae 192 rancho he ? how do you know the baby be a ' he 's or ' she ? mona papa ask the astrologer if we would get a engineer or a doctor . rancho meaning ? pia Boy become a engineer , gitl a doctor . rancho champ , better stay inside . out here it 's a circus . you grandpa be the ringmaster . he will crack he whip — '' run ! life be a race . be a engineer '' . but you follow you heart . if grandpa scare you then put you hand on you heart and say , '' aal izz well '' . mona ha ! he kick ! say it again '' aal izz well '' . rancho / pia aal izz well ! at ( gasp ) @ be ! arr ! flan ater mona take pia and rancho 's hand and place they on she belly along with she own . ( loudly , in unison ) sitet sy at all three of they feel the baby 's kick at the same time and be overjoy . from outside come another , much louder chant . rancho , pia and mona look up in alarm . em / 1 os ) ext . front door , director 's house , ice —- continuous farhan and raju urinate into the director 's mailbox . wear / wh ( os ) SF fa! int . director 's bedroom , director 's house , ice - continuous the director wake up with a start . mona kicked again . once more ~ '' aal izz well '' . rancho / pia / mona aal izz well ! farhan / raju aal ... farhan / raju .. izz well ! director who be it ? int . pias room , director 's house , ice — continuous in panic , pia push rancho towards the window . pia go! ext . front door , director 's house , ice — continuous oblivious to the imminent threat , farhan and raju be still urinate on the director 's mailbox . gwar to faedt sorat 1 a @ - earth ae 4 - ot aer int . live room , director' house , ice — continuous the director head to the front door with a torch . ext . front door , director 's house , ice — continuous rancho reach he friend in a run . he pull they away from the mailbox . the light inside the house come on . I tt ! be tt , a , a , at , ot wae ot , of T ... the trio charge away from the house . 194 farhan you send hate - mail to dad , here 's pee - mail for you ! raju enjoy the pee-mail , happy read ! wear ( as rancho fling raju 's blanket over he ) ay a FI the front door open and the director rush out . he skid on the urine - slick floor , steadying himself in time . wear ( yell ) at St Te stat , ale atta the director see three people run out of he gate . as the other two run out of sight , raju , with drunk bravado , fire a parting shot . m h ait ara ... for just a moment , the randomly move beam of the director 's torch catch raju 's face , before he friend yank he away . wart ! 195 farhan not on I buddy ! director who be it ? director who be it ? farhan you future son-in-law . raju and the wedding party ! director rastogi ! int . build foyer , ice — continuous the three run into a college building , whooping and laugh . ext . gate , director 's house , ice — continuous the director hurry down he driveway , point he torch in the direction the boy run in . int . build stair , ice — continuous the trio run up a flight of step in the college building . int . build foyer , ice — continuous a security guard run into the building , flash he torch around searchingly . int . build corridor , ice — continuous the trio charge down a corridor , raju still swilling down rum from he bottle . int . classroom , ice —- continuous the boy barge into a classroom , hoot with delight . they vault over desk and dive to the ground , just in time . the security guard enter the classroom and flash he torch around . he do not 196 director Security , that way ! see anyone . he leave , shutting the door behind he . int . classroom , ice - next morning the trio be fast asleep on the ground , behind desk and chair professor so you all have already learn about the simple pendulum . now let 's get down to the advanced study about the compound pendulum . it 's a irregular object oscillate about its own axis . let I demonstrate to you . rancho wake up , disorient . he glance at he sleep friend , then creep up to a desk and peer over it . the classroom be pack with student . a Professor be teach . he hold up pencil . professor what 's this ? CLASS pencil . professor what 's inside ? CLASS lead . rancho 's peeping head be join by farhan 's . both set of eye go wide with horror . 197 rancho and farhan straighten up stealthily and slide into chair at the back of the class . professor good . lead be the axis to this pencil . even you can be a compound pendulum , if you oscillate about ... the director stride into the classroom , snap he finger at the Professor . the hapless Professor fall silent . the director stand at the head of the class and scan it , he face contort with anger . his gaze travel over rancho and farhan . bist director ay wir wet 2 ? where be raju rastogi ? raju ( o.s. ) present , Sir ! startle , rancho and farhan turn around as do the rest of the class . a dishevel and drunk raju come to he foot . rancho and farhan , trepidation on they face , help he steady himself . raju hi ! everybody be here ! good Morning , Sir ! zt director ( in a dangerous voice ) where be you last night ? wet ud a get a ? before raju can say anything , rancho pipe up . 198 wat ae ug at wer be ae ba ae jee at tt a , a mh ( look at rancho , puzzle ) tet ? sl et Fe ( with mock amazement ) react ? farhan join in . : aoa oo can a ae a safe ter fer wer & ar ... a fa of he W bl ? farhan and rancho tug at raju , try to get he to shut up . brstaet wa ee a a ? raju aah ... hmmm ... edt basin alek , ac sisa alt et ws frat ae sa , ssaa et wh ( to farhan ) et we ferar ? 199 rancho study all night , sir. raju really ? director really ? farhan have not sleep for two night , that 's why he look scruffy . raju not sleep ? director what do you study ? rancho induction motor , Sir . the whole chapter . raju Whole chapter ? farhan we. mel shh , shh . director in that case , Mr. raju rastogi ... raju ( shouting out , military style ) yes , Sir ! director can you tell we how a induction motor start ? without hesitation , raju bring he hand together in a loud clap , and proceed to answer the question . raju verrrrrrroooommmmmmmm ! vvroom vroom ... all the student laugh . rancho and farhan , horrify , try to stop raju . we / it farhan / rancho ww .. w.. raju ... raju ... director stop it ! raju , ( peter off virrrmmm ... rmm ... rmm a empty rum bottle tumble down from under the desk . 200 chatur pick up the bottle and show it to the director . chatur Sir , rum ! the director look at the still beam raju menacingly . director Mr. rastogi , ler 's have a cup of tea in my office . int . director 's office , ice - later door to the director 's office open . raju enter . sober , clean up and humble . raju ( meekly ) Sir ? the director sit at he desk , he laptop before he . he look up , he face inscrutable . director Close the door . raju close the door and stand there , fearful . zey ht ora 8 ? m h et , ari 201 director can you type ? raju yes , sir. director wo dee cea art ? will you type a letter for I ? raju ( surprised , swallow nervously ) definitely , sir. director come , sit . raju walk towards the desk . raju sit , be sorry , Sir ... he sit opposite the director . the director turn he laptop towards he . director please type . ' dear Sir , raju start to type diligently . director it be my painful duty to inform you that you son be rusticate ... '' raju look up . director no , sorry , delete that . go back ( as raju start type again ) you son , Mr. raju rastogi ... raju look up , stricken . director ... be rusticate from the Imperial College of Engineering . come on , type , go on ... 202 raju start break down . tear roll down he face . wh raju ( pleadingly ) iell kill my dad , sir. a ae a ae director please type ! raju Sir , please , Sir ! director my decision be final and irrevocable . ww raju ( sobbing ) he life just to see I become a at farer fay safere &@ far yer efeafrax engineer . aa to ah , aci setae director a qa a cat 4 aq eel a ved should have think of that before pee art afen af on my door . ww raju ( beg ) Sir , give I one chance ... please . atl wo hat aie & df ay , etic we her df ) ae ait ae the clock strike 2 pm . the door open and Govind walk in with the shave kit . the director get up from he chair . steaet director oe @ ) der # 4 oe be frat a ok , remove you name from the letter ae Mesa wes haa Sat a1 at and put in rancho 's . I know he be with vat & fe wa aed at gee ara ari ae you last night . be my witness and T will fem a ont sie F ge att a spare you . set praprefar | 203 he lie down on the couch . Govind ready he for the shave . el Opera music fill the room . a shell - shocked raju stand next to the desk , roote to the spot . as Govind begin lather the director , tear pour down raju 's face . image of he Father , mother and sister flash before he in quick succession . and then one of rancho envelop he in a hug after save he Father 's life . he start sobbing uncontrollably at the choice he have to make . when he finally fall silent , there 's a dark hopelessness in he eye . he start walk . unmindful of the wire he foot get tangle in , he step up on the sill of a large , open window in the room . he stand there a moment , face the skyline . there 's a crash , and a lamp in the room be yank towards the window . the director and Govind look up startle . ext . campus , ice —- continuous pbs 5 — jaane nahi denge tujhe 204 director you have 72 minute to think . we will not let go of you we be not do yet ... no way art we & ast ont at bh ae the lamp from the director 's room dangle outside the window , suspend by the wire raju 's foot have get tangle in . raju 's twisted body lie on the ground , three floor below . people rush towards he , from all over . from under raju 's lifeless face , blood trickle out , slowly gather momentum . ext . / int . road / ambulance — moment later rancho , he clothes smear with blood , race through the traffic on pia 's scooter , make way for the ambulance behind he . Inside the ambulance , a distraught pia and farhan sit with the unconscious raju , willing he to hold on . song continue ay a wt & set at int . hospital — continuous montage a ) raju be wheeled in on a stretcher . the Medical staff , rancho , farhan and pia all run alongside the stretcher . B ) doctor operate on raju . we will not let go of you be not do yet ... no way the heaven may beckon you but welll take up arm against God and its not a fight we intend to lose C ) rancho and farhan , in blood -stain clothes , cry and anxious , wait outside in the corridor . song continue be & tae brt ame fora ay erat at ord a garer of air ah ... music fade out int . ward , hospital — day raju lie on a hospital bed . he be heavily bandage and have tube and wire come out of he body . his eye be open and vacant . rancho , pia , farhan and raju 's mother be gather at the foot of the bed . fear veil ... sh aser er Sea | rancho look at the monitor . fear ( loudly ) a ! the monitor begin to beep . the number and graph that denote raju 's heart rate start fluctuate . pia take farhan , rancho and raju 's mother away from raju 's bed . 206 you may try you best to escape try with all you might but there be no way we be let go of you we will not let go of you pia rancho , watch that monitor . pia raju ! a tar | rancho listen to pia intently . suddenly something flash in he eye . he walk up to raju 's bed . ( excitedly ) aime ay , 7s Te ay a a ah amd be a to can at , at be be tz | pia , farhan and raju 's mother look at rancho , puzzle . rajut Pov : rancho 's distort image cover the screen . his voice be distort . vert oftare at ete ger e wa ... far ae a um ae som dt aaa ae stat ! a a seat att | pia and farhan be move by rancho 's brave attempt at lightheartedness . raju 's mother start cry . faar be eee hit es 2s ae atati raju 's Pov : a distort image of rancho speak in a warbling voice . 207 pia his body be paralyse with shock , but he mind be alert he can see and hear we . please do not cry in front of he . speak to he normally , motivate he , joke around . rancho good news , raju . you dad 's recover the new medicine work . rancho be this you family tradition ? as one man in the family get up , the other conk out ? come , wake up . rancho you dad want pia 's scooter . war diaat 2 ... & sp eat ct aah ste raju remain as still and unmove as before . in he mind , however , he imagine in technicolour ... ext . india gate — day raju 's Father ride pia 's scooter with a beatific smile on he face . he be still unshaven and clad in just he vest and long underwear . int . ward hospital — night rancho carry a laptop to raju 's bed and place it on the tray table in front of he . pia be with he . aaa 1 , area area ai farhan 's face fill the laptop screen . he hold up a letter . wet in the common room , farhan lean forward wa aer a meat @ 1 oie at wr 2 into the web camera , force a playful note into he voice . 208 rancho should I give it to he ? hope he will not dent it ? rancho raju , farhan be live on webcam . from the hostel . farhan look , virus have cancel you suspension order . Problem solve . ... wake up now . rancho everything 's resolve ! you hear that ? ret ae ! et at teint raju do not move . farhan lean back , upset . int . ward , hospital —- night montage a ) rancho , fathan and raju ride triple seat on pia 's scooter , racing to college for they exam . B ) the three friend pop they head out of barrel of water in the bathroom . C ) they fool around on the bum seat . D ) farhan and rancho flank a blindfolded raju on the parapet of the tank . rancho remove he blindfold . raju see where he be and jump into rancho 's arm with fright . rancho sit at raju 's bedside , hold he hand in both of he , remember all the good time they have together . at wey be tape e sb wey h asasit rit rancho smile through he tear at the memory . he look at raju and place a tender hand on he forehead . at tt ant at a ang hah war Te at ad art # wer 2 art Far 209 farhan rise and shine , buddy . in this journey of few stride on the path call life do not quit ... just celebrate the ride listen please to that who love you every dark night be follow by sunrise do not shut out that who love you int . ward , hospital — day song continue it 's raju 's birthday and the whole ward be decorate for a party . rancho and farhan lead a mob of boisterous student with party hat , balloon and gift . rancho carry a cake , farhan a bottle of rum . they all surround raju 's bed . farhan wave the rum bottle in raju 's face . rancho , at the monitor connect to raju , indicate that there 's no response . farhan hold up a dart board with the director 's face on it . a dart hit it . raju 's monitor reading go wild . delighted , he friend start pelting the director 's face with dart . pia walk into the festive atmosphere , smile . like magic , everyone disappear , leave rancho alone . puzzle , pia walk up to the dart board — and then turn on rancho indignantly . rancho smile sheepishly — and then try , too late , to also hide the rum bottle from she . music fade out int . ward , hospital — day raju 's mother stand at the foot of he bed in a bright , shiny saree . rancho and farhan flank raju on both side , address he excitedly . 210 we will not let go of you we be not do yet ... no way we will not let go of you we be not do yet ... no way air a to , a a at aad 2 , att be farhan brand new ! ararsit we a eg af 2 , sear to ... wa art wach 2 , a7 ( voice break ) wae at wa ! da a , det at ee ? raju do not react . desperate and defeat , raju 's mother break down . fade in at a h Far kere be oe | tra F her ar ae vat to off a qar ge ant a rae pra a os ot art xy a & fat raju 's mother run to the far end of the ward to hide she tear from raju . farhan rush after she and try to console she , 211 rancho look , Mom buy a new saree . mother it cost rs 2000 . rancho wake up now .. but ten saree . .. she buy not one , raju' mother look ! rancho hey raju ! raju' mother cmon tell I ... how do I look ? remember the letter Mom would write ... always bless you with eternal life do not die on she ... you can not die look at we now , do not turn away smile once to show you care wake up , do not torment we anymore bolster she spirit . but as she collapse , weep , into he arm , he own despair show in he eye . at raju 's bedside , rancho rant at he comatose friend for make he mother cry . next to raju 's monitor be picture of he mother and Father and he sister , kammo . rancho randomly pick up kammo 's picture and thrust it into raju 's face while chastise he . raju 's monitor beep loudly , the graphic line on it change rapidly . rancho stop short , look from the monitor to the picture . a desperate idea take hold in he mind . music fade out : u! at bat ! rajus Pov : a distort image of rancho address he . 10 gl at oat & at a ? ok war ome can at wat bs he startle , farhan pop he head out from the corner he be in , look at rancho . ( excitedly ) aie at at fa cea G : eat : ae fr , ge wt a teft soo wet ated ! 212 rancho hey kammo . rancho ' ae ! ae do you hear about kammo ? she 's get marry . rancho without any dowry ! the bridegroom want nothing at all . raju 's Pov : a distort image of rancho continue to speak , as farhan , gape at the monitor , walk to the bed . air be at ! there be rapid movement on the monitor . farhan join in with vigour , saat sit a seq GM z B ! a terrible forebode seize farhan . rem ( weakly ) at ..? 213 rancho nothing at all . he just want kammo . rancho you know who the bridegroom be ? farhan yeah ! rancho yes ! you know who the bridegroom be ? farhan guess ! rancho you know he very well ! farhan yes . rancho he love animal . farhan huh ... ? var oat aet 2 ! farhan 's fear be confirm . in panic , he try to shut rancho up . wear ay at on , wt ae be gq ! ay a ot yet well at ? raju 's Pov : rancho , distort , speak enthusiastically , as a horrify farhan try to quieten he . _ grt be ae aaa cea ! ( thrust kammo 's picture into farhan 's hand ) at meem ae di aeq a mee , wer ! raju 's hand twitches . _ aire at ft at , oa , et raju 's hand twitches again . and he mouth . his eye move . ei ( jubilant ) & 2 ! ay , e! rancho he 's go to be a wildlife photographer . farhan quiet ... shhhh ... rancho do not get it ? rancho it 's we farhan . farhan will never take any dowry . farhan will marry you sister . rancho for free ! free ! free ! rancho hey , hey , hey ! raju , hey ! raju regains consciousness . rancho be ecstatic , the other patient in the ward share he joy . farhan look from kammo 's picture to raju , aghast . wr ( v.o. ) wee to s24 , at at arr sta het aha wet a a tat at ? ' as farhan lower kammo 's picture , raju smile up at he . before he can muster up a smile in return , rancho envelope he in a hug . a ST al ae st! at St ar ! ( to raju ) a fret at var th set at oer ear 2 as ) he bmt , sikh ? sa ! '' ( faintly ) a a / wear bl ? rancho drop he head down , he ear next to raju 's mouth . rancho / farhan raju ! farhan raju ! farhan one kilo lady 's finger , 500 gram cottage cheese for ' free 's would have wake he . why sacrifice I ? rancho well do , buddy . so it 's all fix . farhan will marry you sister . raju rancho . rancho / farhan yes ? 7 a grin rancho turn to farhan . a war tare ! farhan rejoice as relief sweep over he face . a telieve smile light up farhan 's face . int . corridor , hospital ~ day fade in : celebrate raju 's recovery , rancho sprint into the ward with a box of sweet , feed a piece to everyone he meet — doctor , nurse , patient . raju , now in a wheelchair , watch he , he eye welling up . rancho go up to he and tenderly feed he a piece too . overwhelm with emotion , they hug each other . farhan capture all this moment on he camera . int . ward , hospital — day raju recline on he hospital bed as he mother feed he lady 's finger with rote . farhan , sit by raju 's side , scrawl something on the cast on he arm . raju 216 raju rascal . stop fibbing . rancho lucky escape ! we will not let go of you we be not do yet ... no way we will not let go of you we be not do yet ... no way raise he arm to see — lady 's finger rs. 12 kg . he lower he arm , he expression inscrutable . then he and farhan break into laughter simultaneously . song end . ext . foyer , hospital — day a taxi enter the hospital premise . int . ward , hospital - continuous farhan at the nurse 's station be arrange he certificate in file . a nurse walk up to he . va raju , dress formally , be in a wheelchair . rancho wheel he out to where farhan be , as pia pack he bag at he bed . a gee SI nurse it 's wait . ret be zi ( to raju ) wat ? Las , farhan 's face light up . nurse you call for a taxi ? raju I do . farhan thank you . why ? raju T be go for the job interview . rem hot T sit we ae aa ? pia join rancho and raju and exchange a smile with rancho . wat da dt ae ay wen sie a eat raju take off the ring on he finger as he speak . rem ara , '' ae aah area ? m h be farhan stare with disbelief as raju drop the ring in a bed pan . 4h a a at ae ... wear ( befuddle ) wat ? pia pluck a envelope from rancho 's hand . fear & ati yg adh ara fe a i & ae a wee & fee of T air wear wat & a ? farhan you come with I ? raju no . I be go for the interview . you be go home . farhan why would I go home ? raju remember , we promise this rascal . raju give I you tie . farhan why ? pia I doubt you will go for the interview after read this . farhan what 's that ? fear faedt & yat a fer og & - emt a frat farhan 's mouth fall open with shock . he turn to he bag and frantically search it . he do not find what he 's look for . he look up to see rancho , pia and raju smile at he . wear ara gy be ) 3 at faedt the ae at aeat ! that afaete saat creat 21 a flash of excitement cross farhan 's face . pia hold out the letter to he . fra ue at & feu afta th pie Year wed 2 ga bat a ST farhan grab the envelope . he take out the letter with tremble hand and start read , incredulous . as he reach the end of the letter , something strike he and the joy fade from he face . he look up at he friend , despair clouding he eye . 219 pia a letter . rancho for you , from hungary . pia some photographer call andré istvan . farhan you post my letter ! rancho he love you picture . the guy want you to assist he . pia internship in the brazilian rain forest , for a year . rancho will pay you , too . wear seat wet att var a sth ua , ae ae a ae sear farhan shake he head . rancho persist . it mt St aa hemt | el a tart be ae wa sear erat oa et peet aera a a aren — fe dee a '' ap , cei the oe a , geo at fear ae cat a , at art freett qo oie et aad be int . farhan 's house - sometime later fathan 's mother open a gleam new laptop , a ribbon rosette on it . farhan 's Father look at she expectantly . wal ware 2 ? dae at sa ? araTeit ( happy , but try to be practical ) at art area at amet par wet 2 ) ae at ae gor at the a tt | fer ot we 2 ae gt eat we wet a , at ! eye downcast , letter in hand , farhan enter the live room of he home . 220 farhan dad will never agree . rancho go speak to he ... from you heart . rancho for once , dump you fear or someday , on you deathb , you will regret it . you will remember that the letter be in you hand , the taxi at the gate with just a little courage , you could have turn you life around . farhan 's father do you think he will like it ? mother why such a expensive gift ? farhan 's father we son 's get he first job today . do not be stingy at such a proud moment . wear bt aras ( spot he ) a bret | farhan 's Father turn around in surprise . he walk up to farhan , he wife follow . wm , sit gent sete at at ? rem h sé var ) # efeafaae at sear area , oraT | farhan 's Father look at he uncomprehendingly . int . interview hall - continuous raju sit across a interview panel , in he wheelchair . his face be peaceful and calm . see ( indicate the wheelchair ) var at war ? a es uy weiss ? th ae ) at arr ait fate & a 1 , ae , fh sab ag witt 4 ae tt a , at the interviewer exchange look . interviewer 2 221 farhan 's mother farhan ? farhan 's father do not you have the job interview today ? farhan I do not go . I do not want to be a engineer , dad . interviewer 1 ' what happen ? you have a accident ? raju see that building ? I jump from its third floor . raju because I be rusticate from college . ae , hy at h setaer h easy F Gore feat ari the interviewer try and digest this fact . int . farhan 's house -—- continuous farhan 's perturb Father struggle to make sense of the situation . ged fea at a meat 21 to a aist aat ST sa stat gha tata | fee arr art vet at at a , basi fertat se sitet he wear al aed ae fer qa a ae a st cet be meet aed , be ae aad serra ay 222 interviewer 3 why ? raju drunk , I urinate on the director 's door . farhan 's father that scoundrel rancho be mess with you mind ! farhan I do not enjoy engineering . fd make a terrible engineer . rancho have a simple belief : make you passion you profession . then work will become play . farhan 's father what will you earn in that jungle ? farhan a small stipend , but I will learn a lot . farhan 's father five year from now when you see you friend buy car and home , you will curse yourself . ret ae amy et ht ! sear ae ST fe haat omg at aly oer ( shouting ) to , ea crt ) wet fe wear sae F 9 f& gate a fe ger a ade h gat 2 & 1 at gar ard ? a beat . wear aye aed ya eae ay wey wet orrarar at ) ast at 8 beret a we wey fy wat a 4 ) hat oe aart ht hi aed 4h gf far well @ 7a ay a beat . ret at wa omy fear be crear a beat ret amy war ard , gh isat 21 hit well tar | fer can ae ord a? ST at at ? farhan 's mother , she face fearful , put a restrain hand on she husband 's shoulder . 223 farhan life as a engineer will bring only frustration . then I will curse you I would rather curse myself , dad . farhan 's father the world will laugh ! label you a loser , for quit in the final year . Mr. kapoor feel you be fortunate to be at ice . whar will he think ? farhan Mr. kapoor do not provide I with a air-conditioner . it be not Mr. kapoor who sleep in discomfort while I sleep well . he do not take I around the zoo on he shoulder . farhan you do all that Father . farhan dad , how you feel , matter to I . Mr. kapoor make no difference . I do not even know he first name . farhan 's father you think you be the hero of a melodrama ? araTeit ( tearfiully ) aq ft aifsre ) rear & farr ) ger a T ( in a huff ) fe dt feenom aay a not at ) qe at area be 4 , ae bt a a tst disturb and angry , farhan 's Father walk towards a chair and sit down . farhan turn to face he Father . wear ( softly ) wet crear ) F gag vet we ) ae site | farhan walk up to where he Father be sit . take out he wallet , kneel before he Father and show he a photograph in he wallet . it 's a picture of farhan 's Father and mother , smile . wear a at tar & a , fa be sar hed ax , oa ht oe ete eet oat a a wa they a a pert sit wt atest eet art farhan 's Father look from the photograph to fathan 's face , silence . a sob escape farhan 's mother . 224 farhan 's mother enough , please . he 's upset . God forbid , if he do something crazy like raju . farhan 's father then the discussion be over . do not say a word or he lordship will jump off the roof , farhan no , dad . I will never attempt suicide . I promise . farhan the rancho you detest put this picture in my wallet . told I to see it if a suicidal think cross my mind and imagine whar would happen to you smile when you see my dead body . wear oe , h omar aise ht aed zi wa aae bt dea ary ae y eer wt Tet | farhan clasp he father hand in between he hand . ret aay ae at ? ope fy pretree sq be at oy wy ser al ae ser arn , amet eat ert ) oe crear h gy weary arg fact dt rast acit ) ama faa sit ft meem fer a wea farhan 's Father look at he son like he 's never really see he before . emt a ah a oma a at be ) a T dite ati efi rer farhan 's Father turn he gaze away from he son 's beseech one . he get up and walk away from farhan . farhan look at he Father 's recede back in grow desperation . pert tea ? ST aea ht at ast farhan 's Father walk to the new laptop and close it . he turn to he wife . ay ama ae BT 225 farhan I want to convince you , dad but not with a suicide threat . farhan dad , what will happen if I become a photographer ? I will earn less I will have a smaller house , a smaller car but pll be happy . I will be really happy whatever I do for you will be out of genuine love . farhan T have always listen to you for once , let I listen to my heart . please , dad . farhan dad .... please do not go away . farhan 's father return this . farhan , stand behind he parent , head lower in defeat , look up sharply . ga amety & aie of T ora a ? farhan break down , overcome with love and happiness . oer afte yor at ahr aar der farhan rush to he Father and hug he . they be both cry . farhan 's mother look on , sobbing . at a2 , ott foot oft a 1 int . interview hall —- continuous the interviewer refer to raju 's file , open before he . eee 1 ary f518 ? th BW ) aI a mec wss a a ay at be a eat aed ema ) F set wt raju speak in a calm , matter - of - fact tone . 226 farhan 's father Son , what 's the cost of a professional camera ? can the laptop be exchange for it ? farhan 's father if you need more money , just ask . farhan 's father go live you life , my son . interviewer 1 you grade be consistently poor . reason ? raju fear . I be a good student since childhood . Parents hope I would end they poverty . that scared I . mh zat oat dt tar the wit et ) we seat oneity ay be seer ay a F sie set wt ( omile ruefully ) year se et gt a , wa a be apr war ae et. a se at the interviewer listen in silence . wt fret ) qa art east arth a beat . th ae , ona 49 rare & et wer fe a ae aia fear ear , 49 fas a ase & fae aay ater waif at ase & a es a ae ST a at he a ST ae ) se at apt tt ast festa ae at at , dh we orpare wet art ts set & ft dee alt bi ae a iver ae fam a um ectiee arett 4 ea bl be be ae ware a eena 2 | the interviewer slide raju 's open file back to he . art ts ae ore ony eh ater foot fee art ory 227 raju here I see the mad race . you do not count if you be not first my fear grow . fear be not good for grade , sir. prayed to God for favour . no ... begge for favour . raju 16 break bone give I two month to think and reflect . finally , sense dawn . raju today , I do not beg God for this job , just thank he for this life . if you reject I , no regret I will still do something worthwhile with my life . company head such frank behaviour be not good for we firm . we need someone diplomatic to handle client . you be too straightforward . company head but if you assure we you will control this attitude ... the company head and the interviewer exchange a look . wear 3 . tt ee a at eI saar 1 | raju smile at they pleasantly . rh a at ga & a rt ws a ara % , ae ast afew & ona ea raju close he file . tr be ait att have aif , ufeq we a gi ae th aff , wes ai art he turn he wheelchair around and start to wheel himself out . wear 3 at | raju turn around . wear 3 veda art 4 hy faegetet ae wer zi get ant wera fra 21 eat wa & a ad & a & a company head ... we may consider you . interviewer 1 sure . raju it take two break leg to get I up on my foot . be not easy to get this attitude . can not change it , Sir . raju you keep you job ... will keep my attitude . I be sorry , do not mind , Sir . company head wait . company head I have interview countless candidate for 25 year . everyone turn into a yes-man to get the job . where do you spring from , Son ? wh ( puzzle ) a , F ... raju 's eye brim up with tear of gratitude . raju thank you , Sir ! thank you ! ext . campus , ice — moment later rancho and pia sit on a bench , restless with anxiety , wait for farhan and raju . pia spot they and point they out to rancho . farhan wheel raju in he wheelchair . the two of they stop , on see rancho and pia . farhan help raju up . as rancho and pia look on , confuse , farhan and raju exchange a smile , and drop they pants . they bow to rancho , salute he . gelling ) ( voice break ) rancho break down , tear of joy roll down he face . farhan and raju smile at he through they tear . raju Sir ? company head shall we discuss the salary ? farhan / raju you majesty , thou art great . accept this humble offer ! int . director 's office , ice — day the needle be place on the record . strain of opera flood the room . the director be asleep on he couch , one hand on he face . Govind shift he hand , and lift he razor . int . / ext . director 's office / corridor - continuous the director look in the mirror with disbelief and scream in anger . the barber 's kit crash on the ground outside the director 's office . mifare | the director hold Govind by he collar and shake he violently . aifare ata a 4 to ater be , ae ear a at be ear as Govind lie daze on the director 's couch , the director look at he face from different angle , in a hand mirror . nothing make it look better . int . director 's house , ice — night the director sit at the dining table , drink , the hand mirror conceal he face from he daughter . pia move the mirror away . she and mona gasp . director Govind ! govind you have say , ' if one of they get a job , shave it off . 's fear ( voice quavering with laughter ) a war he fear ? mona burst out laugh . tar at ver 2 fm feat + ae hus sae fea ! goat ae oh at pia giggle along with mona . but the director be beside himself with anger . h ae wat be veri ) ae er ae a frerit sa qo weet a a er sie aq ae gy ae ara the smile fade from pia 's face . pia dad , that 's not fair . the director rise and walk unsteadily , the glass of whiskey in he hand . tattay so hae St a US at | versus fee ey ae ae IL be to a war int . room , hostel , night ice — a whiskey bottle thump down on the ledge outside the trio 's room . rancho look up from the desk he 's work at and see pia at the window . she have she helmet on . 231 pia what have you do ? director I feel naked without my moustache . I have lose my dignity . director I wont accept defeat , rastogi . the job be not yours until you pass you final exam . and this time , I will set the question paper . director everything be fair in love and war . and this be World War III . rastogi , you be dead meat ! hey ! pia giggle . ei rancho a et war he at al ? what be you do here ? he help she in , through the window . she almost lose she balance , squealing loudly . farhan wake up with all the commotion and peep out of he quilt . vail rancho weet , ba , T be careful . ei rancho wl gat fh eat a 1 you have be drink . frar pia at aml a ae wart at yup , have to down a couple . : rancho a ! a a a! a couple too many ! frar pia fea afer at ! need the gut . vei rancho be & fea ? for what ? pia pull out a set of key and hold they up for rancho to see . frar pia a gr & fal for steal this . ei rancho a a 2 ? what 's this ? 232 fear farhan 's eye widen in shock . air tm , ton fear a aia & teary '' a dae 8 , ot ( indicate the sleep raju ) rancho be both shocked and amused . he aie de ? 4 a7 cifey & be , zr pia everything 's fair in love and war . farhan giggle into he quilt . pia wrap she arm around rancho . fear fear wet hoare sta 8 anh 8 ? she move closer to rancho , pout she lip . farhan watch with interest . just before she can touch rancho 's lip with hers , rancho pull she helmet visor over she face . farhan subside disappointed . yat um fate ! seb esi | F cit , tht 233 pia the duplicate key to virus 's office . rancho shh , shh , shh pia the question paper 's in a cover with a red seal . dad have set it , to fail raju . go get ic rancho be you mad or what ! that 's cheating ! pia tell I something , do you really feel the nose collide while kissing ? rancho wait . have some dhokla . he hand she a plate of dhokla . frar a yore arr peay age etd at ae rancho open the room door expect she to leave but she sit down on the bed and do a newsreader act . fear ga + sam F at ced for fer farhan crack up under he quilt . fear ae a be art ay , eat air aaa ! var a pia walk up to the door but instead of leave she shut it . ei fear 3 erat , wrper at F aot ah , have gert aay — wreisert sarreera wes — pain cloud rancho’ : face . it frat , eat orét wet a sedi 234 pia you gujaratis be so cute . but why do you food sound so dangerous ? dhokla , fafa , handwa , thepla , khakbra . pia sound like missile — '' today Bush drop two dhokla on Iraq ... 's pia ' 400 dead , 200 injure 's ! rancho c'mon . rancho c'mon . oh ... pia I can deal with khakhra , fafda . bue .. ' ranchhoddas shamaldas chanchad 's — yuck , I will not change my you name last name after marriage . rancho pia , we can not get marry . rancho turn away from pia . she come from behind he and hug he . frat pia ait ? peet oie a area a ? why ? be there someone else ? rancho do not respond . frat pia ht bl ? be you gay ? farhan chuckle softly . edt rancho wat ... no ... frat pia fee yet yor vat set ect ? then why do not you propose to I ? rancho be silent . frat pia ( aggressively ) be you impotent ? farhan be thoroughly entertained . pia grab rancho 's face in both hand , try to get he to kiss she . pia then prove it . prove it . eat rancho frat : pia ! pia grab rancho 's face by the cheek and move closer to he . pia prove it . 235 rancho move back . rancho pia , no ! farhan emerge from under the blanket . we end of flashback back to present int . / ext . en - routeto ladakh / the director 's house - day farhan turn to raju who be drive the suv . wear eh ! .. bh ..! at ba fa ? wear ae ery far @r ear fear a aéh chatur stop here , my bladder be burst . wear wery aI be 1 2 a '' sae wear well ae ) afer cae ae wt tre ay wa 31 farhan stop , stop ! farhan stop ! stop ! raju what happen ? farhan we do not inform pia . farhan shut up ! raju be you in touch with she ? farhan no but I have she home number . at at wr a , '' ara zi rem the suv stop . raju and farhan get out . chatur rush out to a spot by the road , to take a leak . ade aie , at a ek safe to fea ast | farhan dial pia 's residence number . eat to , serra eat be ) art seth saat | sare Te 2 raju sit on a rock , next to chatur 's suv . farhan stand a little away , look into the distance . wear fear at at set a eit 237 raju then call she , I 'l stop . farhan stop , stop , stop . chatur no place for urine - expulsion in this country . farhan hello , be pia there ? maid no , she 's not . farhan be she at the hospital ? maid why would she be there ? she 's get marry today in manali . farhan too late ! she 's marry ? '' 3 3 be eg & a ) the with : de a they ez meet arr at we a vet at wea a aavit | gar aterar 2 ua peti ee aera sar a fey sie a | hes art gage ae a het 2 ) a a we a eer fra a ag at gar & be erm ? = sosa fact the fer & ome site fer ao be a ste wear | gra ws afsari , afte safe , ' as chatur ramble on , farhan and raju exchange a look . they plug they ear with cotton and move to the car . the suv take a u-turn . Inside the car , in the boot , chatur lie gag and bound . age ( muffle ) wo. wai ext . pia 's wedding venue , manali - day the suv drive into a wedding venue and stop in the porch . there , a signboard make up of flower proclaim the bride and groom 's name . raju not yet . it 's a six - hour drive if we rush , we will reach before the vow . what do you say ? farhan it 's a no-brainer . let 's turn back . chatur no turn back . straight to Ladakh . we will meet rancho and return . I have a Friday meeting with phunsukh wangdu . get into the car . if I miss my meeting , the japanese will get he . they xte offer he a first name in the company ' phunsukh and fujiyashi’ , profit share , stock option , full creative control ..... chatur raju ... raju. farhan ( exclaim ) '' pia wed suhas 's ! raju take out the hanger with the rest of chatur 's suit on it . th ug fay wt az atl chatur protest by bang he bound foot and hand against the suv . farhan and raju , now wear pink saafas and with white envelope in hand scurry up a flight of stair . ret ( to pass guest ) eet ! ( to raju ) a 24 ved ata 21 they reach the first floor and split up . ret a I tas ! m h ae FI int . pia 's room , wedding venue — continuous pia sit before a mirror in bridal finery , fasten a earring . 239 raju thanks for the suit . farhan virus will have a heart attack ... hello ... at every daughter 's wedding , we be there to rock the party . farhan listen , I will update pia , you peel off the price tag . raju ok . farhan enter the room and stand behind she . pia see he reflection in the mirror . fear ( surprised and happy ) wear ! ( with a huge smile ) pain cloud pia 's face . her smile fade . she turn away from farhan and start slip on she bangle . ext . corridor outside suhas 's room , wedding venue - continuous a member of the hotel housekeep staff , a clothes iron in he hand , approach suhas 's door . raju waylay he . 107 a fer ? housekeeping yes , Sir ! ( take the clothes iron ) sit mai frat cen wd a a ! housekeeping sorry , sir. a , weit of teit eit | 240 pia farhan ! farhan we find rancho . raju for room 107 ? raju you have take age . raju off , now . the man leave . raju take off he jacket and saafa . he keep on the waistcoat of chatur 's three piece suit . he knock on suhas 's door . raju housekeep , sir. suhas ( o.s. ) come in . int . suhas 's room , wedding venue — continuous raju enter hold up the clothes iron , a big , fake smile on he face . suhas , in he bathrobe , sit before the mirror , snipping hair from he nose . he sing along with the music play in the room . suhas Amore Amore ... Amore ... ( to raju ) Quick quick ... Quick , iron my sherwani . int . pia 's room , wedding venue — continuous farhan desperately try to reason with pia . oe yat fret gar ei a at ge ta a amet eri ? pia you be mad , farhan ! 241 farhan we find rancho ! now you can not marry this ass . wear be get goraen far ga at at be credit a1 oie saat be fo ara ah ae cat at tt et ! ( indicate a plate of dhokla and mint chutney ) int . suhas 's room , wedding venue — continuous a bowl of mint chutney lie next to a half - eat dhokia on a plate . raju empty the bowl into the plate . suhas sing loudly , in high spirit . caste a furtive glance in suhas 's direction , raju dip the iron into the mint chutney . he then bring the sauce - smear iron down on the sherwani . suhas stand before the mirror , spraying himself liberally with cologne , sing loudly and move along with the song . suhas Amore ... Amore ... Amore ... raju smile at suhas , pretend to be irone efficiently . he look down at the sherwani . there 's a huge green stain on it . int . pia 's room , wedding venue — continuous wer ( refer to suhas ) a a oy 2 ati ane art act F sta farhan do not fool yourself , pia . you still love rancho . you be still eat he favourite food . farhan he 's incorrigible . once a price tag , always a price tag . frat Te hem we st a as ar wat beat | there 's a anguish yell from outside . aera ( o.s. ) int . suhas 's room , wedding venue — continuous suhas be hold raju by the collar and shaking he vigorously . ae at wet eit a a be at m h h qo eet gael aera th ae , ae eae asa a I tet west arth seat art & avi F ct fae 8 aie at om ae ) uh fe at ) raju slip out of suhas 's grip , grab the sherwani ftom the irone board ... wy um fiz , at '' aie ae om a , F rar and run out of the room . 243 pia shut up , farhan . suhas be a change man . he do not speak of brand and price anymore . suhas my rs 150,000 sherwani ... suhas why do you people eat chutney ? raju tl sort it out , sir. suhas how ? raju we laundry specialise in clean mint - stain suit . I will clean it in a jiffy . raju one minute , Sir ! suhas get it soon ! int . pia 's room , wedding venue — continuous pia be unrelent . pia but it 's too late now , farhan . farhan look down helplessly . ht ( o.s. ) frat : mona come to the door . farhan shift to hide from she gaze . aat far act , de a we 2 ) a T ara pia get up to leave . ext . mandap , wedding venue — continuous farhan watch dejectedly as pia sit beside the groom . the groom wear a sherwani and , over he face , the traditional flower veil . farhan look away , defeat . and catch sight of the groom 's discard shoe . a pair of bright red sneaker . with sudden hope , farhan look at the groom again . ( from behind the flower veil ) frat # be faearar aati at at eat area | mona pia ! mona let 's go , pia , we be late . raju pia , it 's I ... raju . do not yell , they will kill I . 244 pia 's eye widen with shock farhan hurry out of the wedding area , smile in relief . frat ( in a low , angry voice ) hert het 3 ? int . suhas 's , wedding venue room — continuous suhas , still in he bathrobe , speak agitatedly to housekeep , on the phone . a cao & orar a at , sari awh tal ext . mandap , wedding venue — continuous the Priest recite the wedding mantras as pia and raju speak in whisper . fra set tst sie fert BT avi wh a ae @ flarl seb aren dt ae arr farhan slowly manoeuvre chatur 's suv to the entrance of the wedding area . still truss up in the back of the suv , chatur make angry sound . farhan take out he phone and call raju . a phone ring in the mandap . the mantra - recite Priest and raju , both feel in they pocket and take out they cell phone . 245 pia ' where be suhas ? suhas housekeep take my sherwani . pia go ... send suhas here . raju it 's rude to leave the ceremony . the Priest look mildly disappointed that it 's raju 's call , rem mat the 7 sh 81h ae we se ao a sor ae att wear ( to chatur , snap ) at ao a ot , fea vat ae int . corridor outside suhas 's room , wedding venue - continuous suhas step out of he room , bounce in frustration and helplessness . a pass waiter stop short on see he . qez ( shocked ) aed ! raju yeah , farhan ? farhan ' the car 's ready . grab she hand and run . farhan do not move . waiter Sir ...! suhas my sherwani ? waiter you be here ...? suhas yes . waiter so who 's at the altar ? ere bt ? suhas run towards the mandap . ext . mandap , wedding venue - continuous the pheras have start . pia and raju circle the holy fire . m h aie ee at mar be eat one a arent h geq a onet ger é fear a ... frat ( whisper with worry ) raju stop in front of pia and take off the veil . wt the director , still moustacheless , stand in the mandap with mona . they both be startle , on see raju . wart ! wh ye at the director start to move towards raju but mona stop he . 247 suhas altar ? raju another couple of round , and we will be consider marry I be already marry , pia . let 's go . pia it 's too late . people will laugh at I . raju so you will commit suicide ? director rastogi ! raju people will gossip briefly , then forget . '' cf ast oe tt ae meet St at at foratt ae ef aepit be mst the 7 a ... pia look up , raju 's word stir the memory of similar word once speak by rancho . word she have believe in . afer fay anit & sz 4 , ( indicate suhas , who 's just come run up ) at se 7a a omer he ait suhas stand in the aisle lead up to the mandap , he foot in pink furry slipper , he flower robe flap , he face bewilder . suhas ( point at raju ) housekeep ? pia look at suhas , glance at the director and mona and then at farhan wait in the suv . farhan open the back door of the suy , in readiness and encouragement . a look of determination replace the apprehension and doubt on pia 's face and she take raju 's hand . they run past the guest and dive into the wait suv . the director , mona and suhas run after they . but they be too late . the suv zip out of the venue as everyone look on in shock . 248 raju but you ... you will regret on you deathb that the car be at the gate ... raju rancho within reach but in the fear of people , you marry this ass . ext . road — continuous pia and raju giggle in the backseat . farhan drive . ret farhan ( hesitatingly ) pia , minor problem . a fia , wa afer be mee at eat aI frat pia be ? what ? ret farhan ( sheepishly ) we do not know if rancho 's marry . let to mte of at a8 , a ae at pia 's smile vanish . she squeal in outrage . pia what ? wh raju ( placatingly ) he will not be marry . wat @ eri a , a of ant frat pia ( livid ) and if he be ? ws raju at grat ama str ee et then we will drop you back . pia pummel raju with she hand . he laugh , ward off she blow . try to distract she , he reach for a tin of biscuit in chatur 's hamper , and hold it out to she . 249 tr at egret ae at be , wat eg ait & fafere chatur make loud protest sound . startle , pia peer over she seat and see he in the boot . frar we wet a sa ? wear m h a fafere eroit be , fate areit - get be & pia be livid . she thrust the biscuit back at he in annoyance . wear the suv travel through hill and valley . farhan reminisc as he drive . wear wet a fea to at aoe fret ater h uéagd be , ae uw wet at meet a fase feat ari sq 250 raju relax ! handmade biscuit ? handmade from San Francisco . pia what 's he do here ? farhan ignore he ... raju the biscuit very good . farhan aal izz well , aal izz well ... farhan till yesterday , I be a law -abide citizen . but in the last 24 hour , I have ground a aircraft , almost assign shamaldas 's ash to the sewer , and make a bride elope from she own wedding ! flashback int . / ext . director 's office , ice — night farhan and rancho stand outside the director 's office try to unlock the door . wear ( v.o. ) ; a oa amet eat } fer his hand shake with fear , farhan finally open the lock . they slip into the office and look around in the dark . wear ( v.o. ) we at at at aren ateit 9 or fsserar a wo few ae Fe Te , ter al that '' fa wat ari rancho put on a torch . yat rem sica they search the office for the envelope with the question paper in it . wear ( v.o. ) a det se at fe see a L het a tar at fee @ ater ae sa ar peet tst afer ee ff ae cat art die a ) ay we tat af et 251 farhan all for rancho . farhan but he too would do anything for friend . like steal the question paper ... from the lion 's de . rancho envelope with the red seal . farhan ok ! farhan he fear that if raju fail , there would be another high jump . we be principle thief , steal the paper only for raju . we would swear we will not even take a peek . frustrate at not be able to find the envelope , farhan lift the phone off its cradle and hand it over to rancho . wear ( v.o. ) far & yw ati int . director 's house , ice — continuous pia 's cellphone vibrate with a income call . it be on the dining table , close to the laptop and file the director be work on . behind the director , mona and pia speak to mona 's husband on the land line . tat ( on the phone ) wet a ta! St a om ht Te Te ae em at fear ae ! the director look up , distract by the cellphone 's buzzing . bist far gert br aat ( as pia grab the receiver from she ) uc faz , far : far ! frar ( on the phone ) fem ara 21 rancho where 's it hide ...? farhan we will grow old search ! ask pia . mona Mr. papa-'to-be! director pia , you phone . mona one minute , pia ! pia ! pia if you say ' aal izz well 's , he kick . at ( clutching she stomach , delighted ) '' be , art ! pia 's cellphone vibrate again . ( exasperate ) frat gert gpt frat ( o.s. ) , ST a a ST a the director reach out and pick up the phone . on the screen , the caller id be ' dad office 's . his face go rigid with shock . int . director 's office , ice — continuous as rancho wait for pia to answer she phone , farhan call out in triumph . eer ( hold the question paper ) fret war ) yar rancho hang up . int . director 's house , ice — continuous the director answer pia 's phone . eet ? the line disconnect just as the director speak into the phone . behind he , mona he kick ! director pia , you phone . pia brother - in -law , when be you come ? come soon . farhan found it ! rancho ! director hello ? oblivious to the situation , mona and pia continue chat to mona 's husband on the land line . the director rush out of the house , under a umbrella . it be raining heavily outside . int . director 's office , ice — continuous as farhan hold the torch , rancho deftly detach the circular seal from the envelope . ( intercut — the director run into a corridor in the college building , close he umbrella ) rancho open the envelope . he take out the question paper and give it to farhan . farhan put the question paper into the copier and switch it on . ( intercut — the director hurry down a corridor . ) farhan pick up the copy that emerge from the copier and return the original to rancho . a a! rancho insert the question paper back into the envelope and bring out a bottle of glue . 254 rancho Quick , photocopy this . farhan take it ! ( intercut — the director head towards a flight of step ) rancho glue the seal back onto the envelope . ( intercur — the director hurry up the stair ) rancho press down on the seal . wet & fe be ? ret ical wa wr tae | farhan ok . art 41 rancho give farhan the envelope . int . director 's office , ice — continuous the director fling open he office door and survey it , panting with rage and exertion . at first glance , everything seem in its place , untouched . then he gaze fall on the copier . it 's on . he rush to the cabinet with the question paper in it . he check the seal on the envelope and feel the glue on it . rage fill he face . 255 rancho ' where be it ? farhan back there . rancho then keep it back . rancho carefully . int . room , hostel , moment later ice — raju be study at he desk . ' the room door swing open and farhan and rancho rush in , drench and panting . a wa ! '' . ; sim wet Te F a? at ? farhan and rancho sit down , they heartbeat gradually slow down . rancho take out the question paper from he bag and hand it to raju . they al rancho question paper . raju give a start . qa a da to ee G few ge ae fear be raju look from farhan to rancho . he glance at the question paper , shaking he head . 256 farhan we be safe ! raju where be you ? rancho here ! raju what 's this ? farhan a gift . rancho virus set it himself , to fail you . wh diet rrra 2 ) fee ae gar B er be a ... he crumple up the question paper and throw it over he head , towards the door . rem ae ! th rancho and farhan stare at raju with new respect and pride . rancho 's eye well up at he friend courage . he envelope raju in a brief hug , before farhan come up and do the same . eer ( affectionately ) be ! pert ( v.o. ) art af foot citer ferry wa fear be er farhan glance at the photograph of rajur sister . um ( v.o. ) . oe fee ff ort sit st peter fear | the door to the room be ung open . the director flanke by two security guard 257 raju strange buddy ! first teach you to be upright , then offer a path to shame no way . if I pass , itll be on my own steam ... farhan hey ! raju if 1 do not , it 's still ok . farhan idiot ! farhan hed win we over ! I feel like embrace he as family ... farhan .. but then I control my emotion . stand at the entrance . raju , farhan and rancho look at he with shock . glowering with rage , the director enter the room and stop at the crumpled question paper on the ground . he pick it up , open it and look at it . he look up at the boy . his gaze focuss on rancho . he take the umbrella from under he arm and start hit rancho with it . a ete < farhan and raju call out to he , plead , try to get he to stop . rancho stand silent , head bow , take every blow without protest . raju Sir , please , sir. be ! raju Sir , please , sir. director rascal ! farhan Sir sorry Sir ! Sir please , please , please ! sorry , Sir ! director rascal ! farhan Sir , Sir , Sir ! 258 director damn thief ! director thief setae freq da eel a o1 farhan Sir ! setae R wast fey hit ! ye wt wary fe! rem he fal we se ae ! rancho continue to stand still and silent as the director hit he like a man possess . director bloody rascal ! farhan Sir ! exhausted , the director finally stop . farhan sorry Sir , sorry Sir ! sree qa werafe | wer ase de of arr vet & freed wef va at ome fat ater & yfera ! omg fat ait = oferty ( to the three of they ) Wen ! tepe , sift site a! throw he umbrella on the ground , he leave the room . 259 director want to change the system . director you will pee on my door ! farhan Sir , what be you do ? sorry sir. director you be rusticate ! if all of you be not out by morning , I will call the police ! I will call the police ! rascal ! rascal , all of you ! sett ( o.s. ) we we at aif at adi wet a arat ? int . director 's house , ice — later the same night pia gather the use plate at the dining table . mona sit on a chair a little away . the director stand in the centre of the room , wait for a answer . frar art 8 } caer ef ah 35 ) a beat . frar omg fa a ardt wear at at adh ) st mona look at pia , alarmed . mona stop it , pia ! pia turn and look into she Father 's eye . frar amet a T pray @ , fe wear ea a fire we a ? mona get up from she chair and rush forward . mona shut up , pia ! increasingly distraught , pia lash out at she Father . director how do he get my office key ? pia I give he the key , dad . pia I wish fd give this key to my brother , he would be alive today . pia you think you son fall off a train and die ? frat al saa yer a at gar saat cre %? the director look at pia stunne , uncomprehend . fear the voice break ) foaat gere star wear y ses sete sy a a a am ge stam wt catch she breath on a sob , she stare at she Father accusingly , before leave the room . ( to mona , whisper , shocked ) a a he the 8 ? at ( urgently ) as. my wat fea ot at hat y wear pia come back into the room , she face tear-stain , a duffel bag in she hand . she upturn the bag . her brother 's knick - knack tumble onto the dining table . er faar , ety ge : gar ae ete far : af ae a ... unheed of mona 's word , pia pull out a piece of paper from the content of the bag . holding it with both hand , weep , she turn to she Father . 261 pia you decide he would be a engineer . do you ever ask he what he want to be ? pia you put such pressure on he ... that he choose death over the entrance exam . director I do not understand ... mona dad , you go to you room . mona pia , do not do this ! frat aed a 1 she hold up the piece of paper in she hand . fra we a bass ae F ser ew fra set wa , 331 at ( tear fill she eye ) far ama va @ at der oi frat ( shouting , in anguish ) war dt os wart ater she look at she Father , weep uncontrollably . fear uh a , th uh ie at ga he eq — fe wet act shafraftt dt ee t1 to ( shaking the suicide note in he face ) a omy agar fier at 3 the director reach for the note . he pull at it with both hand . pia , sobbing brokenly , finally let it go . sretaet ( fiercely , on the verge of break down ) at yas wal ae aehat | pia look at he through she tear . 262 pia he want to study literature , be a writer . pia but all he write be this suicide note . mona put that away , please ! pia no more cover-up ! pia just once if you would only say — '' do not do engineering if you do not want to . just do what you heart be in , '' then he would be alive today . director he do not commit suicide . frat ( deliver a verdict ) a 1 she run out of the house , grab she helmet and raincoat on the way out . the director shut he eye , a break man . ext . CITY , mumbai — later same night it 's have be raining ceaselessly . the traffic in the city have come to a standstill . int . hospital - later same night pia , still distraught , sit in the wait area of she hospital , try to calm herself down . on a television set behind she , a newsreader report that many city road be completely submerge because of the rain . ext . corridor , hostel , ice — continuous Laden with they luggage , rancho , farhan and raju step out of they room , into knee - deep water . raju walk with a crutch . millimeter follow the boy with he own bag . int . director 's house , ice - continuous with shaking hand the director reach into the pile of he son 's belonging , on the dining table . he pick up a book and 263 pia you be right , dad . it be not suicide ... it be murder . open it slowly . mona 's voice come from across the room . mona dad ... the director , in the fog of grief , do not hear she . behind he , mona crouch on the ground , hold she stomach . she 's in pain . mona dad ! director ( snap to attention ) mona ? ext . campus , ice - continuous ir pour down . the trio trudge through the water , millimeter close behind . rancho turn to millimeter . at ga sear a aya stat ay ss wal to ver 2 ? faeifirer wai , a ts vat peart ae at 21 director ( o.s. ) please help , we be desperate here ! rancho look in the direction of the voice . a car be stall in water . 264 rancho go back , millimeter . why xte you follow we ? millimeter why ? you mom own the road ? sevaez ( o.s. ) war at ger fy owa Zp tga 8 ? the director stand before the raise bonnet of the car , talk agitatedly on the phone . feat cit ere a wregeay a T ( intercut — a ambulance driver sit inside he unmove ambulance as the rain beat down ) — go get fo to vo sont aaa the trio and millimeter reach the car . mona be in the backseat , moan in pain , on the phone with pia . at mona hand over the phone to rancho . & att , at ba ? mona rancho , pia . rancho hello ? ( intercut — pia , still in the hospital wait area , speak urgently into the phone ) 265 director you can not send a ambulance ? director get it from another hospital . ambulance guy the entire city 's flood , Sir . we be helpless . mona no pia , he ... rancho mona , you ok ? fear eat set ver eifraa 1 ora h Star wed & that ft gerer ( o.s. ) be ay set we % e oer a to ae ary anit + saat wa ... he take the phone off he ear and look at it . spac I fear ! ata ! he turn around and hurry to the back of the car . he peer into the car . the back door be open and mona 's go . ( alarmed ) apt ? ext . corridor , ice - continous rancho and farhan carry mona through a flood corridor , millimeter walk beside they . raju follow behind , on the phone with pia . mona be cry out in pain . int . common room , ice / hospital — continuous they all enter the common room . it 's pitch dark . aaret ... batt pia rancho , you can not reach here . do as I say . director the water bag have burst ... director disconnect ! mona . director mona ! rancho carefully . ( to millimeter ) ase St we , ass git ar ! wear ( to rancho ) well het het | rancho to the table tennis table ! rancho and farhan put mona down on the table tennis table . th ( to pia , on the phone ) a , @f a ved wa , she a oraz | at the hospital , pia hurry up to a nurse 's station and open a laptop . fra raju hobble over to the computer in the common room and turn it on . at the nurse 's station , raju 's image fill the screen on pia 's laptop . 267 rancho turn on the light . farhan where to ? raju pia , we be in the common room . pia raju , turn on the web camera . raju yes , yes ! raju yes pia . pia where 's mona ? show I . a ) are ail , ere sity raju , with farhan 's help , wheel the computer table to where mona be lie . wear a at , far frar a a gh a be fs ger oa , ait ? mona writhes in pain . mona gelling ) pia , I be die ! at the nurse 's station , a hospital matron join pia . she look at the laptop screen , worried . frat wea a far # efferent cite sige wet a a ft seg ter ae a1 in the common room , rancho , millimeter next to he , nod , daze . alt to at the nurse 's station , pia speak firmly into the web camera . fear eer to fectate ga arr wer 268 raju yes ... yes ... hold on , hold on , do not worry ! hold on , hold on ! farhan here , pia . pia didi , do not worry . I be with you . pia rancho , even when there be no hospital or doctor , baby be deliver . rancho yes . pia you all will deliver this baby . in the common room , mona scream with fear and pain . raju and farhan look at mona , petrify . rancho put he hand over he heart . the director storm in through the common room door , bellow . setae a sae a? ge arr he rt we a ? pia 's voice stop he in he track . se da # to ona ! aig = aree eat fea , site ! the director fall silent , look around in confusion . ant amsit ) tat ae at at war at a ... a! everyone rush to they task . rancho look around searchingly , then dash towards a window . the director , anxious but out of he depth , back away , into a corner . 269 rancho all izz well , all izz well ! director how dare you ? I will kill you ? pia dad , stay out of this ! pia farhan , get towel and scissors . millimeter , get clothes clip and hot water . rancho , cover mona . rancho yes , yes . rancho yank down the curtain from the window . he and raju cover mona with the curtain . at the nurse 's station , pia speak to mona gently , encouragingly . frar eel yt a T rancho on pia 's laptop . ya , ya , push ! ast amt , sasi ft , SF a T ! frar qa at in the common room , raju and rancho continue to urge mona on . rancho / raju c™mon cmon mona ... in frustration , mona slap the person close to she — rancho . he hold he face , shocked . aat ( scream ) met! fat yt yt ya , ae et tai at the nurse 's station , pia speak urgently to rancho . fear eat cat wrehit at vet a ? 270 pia mona , try push . raju mona , try push . pia push ! mona stop it ! I can not do it . pia rancho , check if there 's crown ? in the common room , rancho and raju look baffle . mona whimper in pain . hst ... aat ? ( to the matron ) at seat ae smsir | at the nurse 's station , the matron hand pia a diagram . pia hold it up to the web camera . she indicate the baby 's head in the diagram . frat in the common room , rancho , take aback , hesitates . at ? at the nurse 's station , pia call out with increase panic . fra ay at Pat aed in the common room , rancho be still hesitant . mona explode . mona go! '' . at ST ST , fat , at ey sial | 271 rancho crown ...? pia get that diagram . pia see if the head be come out ? rancho yes ? pia come on rancho , check quickly . raju go , rancho , go . rancho walk to the foot of the table tennis table and go under the curtain cover mona . at the nurse 's station , pia wait anxiously . raju mona , mona , easy , easy ! in the common room , farhan , get a towel out of he bag , glance at the table tennis table with worry . rancho emerge from under the curtain . él aét , at arehiat ) aél be ver 21 at the nurse 's station , pia , now desperate , plead with mona . frar eer ey yt wt in the common room , mona slump back exhaust . she start to lose consciousness . the director rush to she side and take she hand in he . director mona ! mona ! at the nurse 's station , the matron shake she head . rancho no crown . pia mona , please push . matron she 's tired , pia . 272 fear ( in panic ) bost SF ! ae at ger aat bei at get heey frat aet wet freon aay hy ? in the common room , rancho spring into action . ae BT a eat &? har eta e ? a T at the nurse 's station , pia hit some key on she laptop . pia tl show you . a animated sequence of a vacuum - assist delivery start play on the computer screen in the common room . frat ( v.o. ) wr at ah wa sie yor wet we ot at a ay at S ao wa 2 ) a ay sage fede ara 8 aie a ay adi & a 7 favn orar 2 & 1 fee aay a T arez dia a & 1 in the common room , rancho snap he finger decisively . 273 pia wake she ! if she will not push , its a big problem . matron they need a vacuum cup . pia where will they get one ? rancho what 's a vacuum cup ? how be it use ? pia if the mother 's too fatigue to push , a cup be place on baby 's head . suction make the cup stick to the head and the baby be pull out . _ ha a wad @! oe ga ah fe! shel ? a ? rancho yes Sir , vacuum cleaner ! at the nurse 's station , pia look troubled . aerator foe Tet sar at veal eat '' avery fore fh ater ae et fear in the common room , the director answer pia 's question . 3 etat 2 aif a ei pem , Tet ot , ah sith a a ss al 274 rancho I can make this . director how ? rancho with a vacuum cleaner . director vacuum cleaner ? pia that pressure 's too high . rancho . rancho ll control it . pia do you have a vacuum cleaner ? director yes , in my office . rancho farhan , rush and get it . rancho and the director feel in they pocket , take out the office key and throw they at farhan simultaneously . a a at farhan catch both key and hold they up for a embarrassed , awkward moment . the director turn to rancho , look explosive . rancho hurriedly attempt a diversion . rancho mona , push mona ! c’mon , push ! mona , c'mon ! farhan run to the door . a blind flash of lightning fill the room and then the room plunge into darkness . farhan stop at the door . rem ait we ah ! arty m h a b30 | at the nurse 's station , pia 's laptop screen go blank . frat ( alarmed ) a bar ? in the common room , raju 's phone ring . 275 rancho / director here 's the key . farhan oh my God ! raju what happen ? pia what happen ? mh ( put he phone on speaker ) at far frar sect of , fat bar ? 4h c at mee act mee at the nurse 's station , pia panic . fear at at ! a aaqe aiae ga cer ? in the dark common room , rancho start issue instruction . rancho farhan ! wear a it él ( hysterical ) ba ? it facy arace be aret praret | seer of ait ! 276 raju yes , pia . pia raju , what happen ? raju ' the power 's go . pia how will the vacuum work now ? farhan yes . rancho farhan , you get the vacuum , I will get the power . farhan ok ! director how ? rancho millimeter , get virus out . millimeter run up to the director , grasp he arm and tug . the director , flabbergasted , try to swat millimeter away . director what nonsense be this ! ( cut into the fraca ) ae a aaa vet a , oe at aaa , gt hy aaa bt , saree , at ! at Seth ah am , eat , at ! fareffiex millimeter rush out of the room . ext . hostel , campus , ice — continuous farhan run through knee - deep water with a torch . 277 millimeter c'mon virus , get out ! rancho not this virus . my virus , the inverter . get that , quick ! millimeter sorry , sorry , get it now . rancho raju ! raju yes ? rancho raju , wake up the hostel boy . get car battery , wire , and a vacuum gauge . ext . corridor , hostel , ice — continuous raju bang on room door , waking up student . be , dm , ater fae , ee by a int . director' office , ice — continuous farhan enter the director 's office and look around . ext . campus , ice — continuous student run through water with torch . int . director 's office , ice — continuous farhan find the vacuum cleaner . ext . campus , ice — continuous the student , lead by rancho and raju , run to park car in the campus . use crowbar , they pry open bonnet and remove the battery from the car . ext . campus , ice — continuous farhan hurry back to the common room with the vacuum cleaner . ext . campus , ice — continuous millimeter run back to the common room with the virus inverter , hold a umbrella over it to shield it from the rain . 278 raju emergency in the common room ! int , common room , ice - continuous the director look up as student , eager to help , pour into the common room . student good evening sit , good evening Sir ... sete yedt wet 8 ? rancho rush in , make he way through the group . at ari ( to the student ) a arr art gf set vet , er aif ! ws aaa ! the battery be line up , a intricate web of wire connect they . all connection go into the virus inverter . rancho work furiously on the setup , issue rapid instruction all the while . n a fafay cite ae oie eqaret @t art h alae a1 a ai raju ok . director where 's rancho ? rancho here , Sir . keep the battery here and the wire . rancho raju ! raju yes , rancho raju , switch off everything , connect the inverter to the main . ei rancho ( throw he a wire ) take this ! a at ! raju go to the main switchboard , turn off all the switch and start work . farhan run in with the vacuum cleaner . farhan rancho , vacuum cleaner ! rancho get up from the battery line - up and move across the room . var rancho wer , at rt sat am se ale , fat farhan , get you lens cleaner ? farhan blower blower . tit rancho a , a a & to Fe yeah , get it . farhan ok ! farhan open he camera bag and take out the blower . rancho be already work on the vacuum cleaner . wear farhan have , a a wae rancho , blower . vei rancho be , 73 ! 3 dag ay wey F a gael good . fix this to the gauge . farhan ok ! 280 rancho slice the blower into two cup . farhan insert the vacuum gauge nozzle into the vacuum cleaner pipe . rancho attaches one of the blower cup to the end of the vacuum cleaner pipe . millimeter run in with a bucket of hot water . the director look at all the activity and then towards mona , with grow concern . raju finish connect the inverter wire to the main . x veal , a 7a ! rancho run to the virus inverter . a faa eat &? wt at rancho switch on the virus inverter . att he ce a raju pause before the switchboard , glance towards the room nervously . 281 raju rancho , I be do ! rancho all switch off ? raju yes , rancho hit the table and computer switch . raju yes ! millimeter cross himself in prayer . the director stare towards the switchboard , wait for a miracle to happen . raju take a deep breath and press the table tennis switch . the light above the table tennis table come on . the room erupt with clap and cheer . ei rancho ( briskly ) raju , turn on the computer . ty , weet at a T raju hurry to the computer and rancho rush towards the vacuum cleaner . rancho farhan ! farhan yes ? ei rancho ay ais , dey fi , mage ae a ! come on , help I .. connect this ! farhan ok ! ei rancho eat | connect with this . they get the vacuum cleaner to the table tennis table . at the hospital , the matron , at pia 's laptop , call out to she excitedly . 282 pia rush back to she laptop which now have a small crowd of nurse and patient around it . pia see the common room image back on the screen and rancho ready with he vacuum device . pia Love you , rancho ! in the common room , rancho stand at the foot of the table tennis table , hold the modify vacuum cleaner . air emt ! farhan switch on the vacuum cleaner . it come to life with a loud , jarring sound . the think of that machine be use on he daughter make the director 's head spin . he collapse into millimeter 's arm . frat , wast festa eat afer ? at the nurse 's station , pia lean into she web camera to answer rancho . 283 matron pia , come here quick . farhan yes ? rancho farhan , turn it on ! farhan yes ! rancho pia , how much suction ? fear 0.5 & sae wet tar in the common room , farhan stand by the vacuum cleaner , the gauge in he hand . rancho call out to he . wrem , 0.5 ! hat he ! rancho cover the improvise vacuum cup with he palm . rancho cover and uncover the vacuum cup a couple of time , to test it . rancho ok ! at the nurse 's station , there be a air of suppress excitement in the crowd around the laptop . pia smile , she eye brim with confidence in rancho . tert aaae aire 4 festa , dra art & afeae h oma ae vet ed in the common room , the boy be ready to take the plunge . pia not more than 0.5 . rancho farhan , 0.5 ! farhan cover it ! rancho yes ! farhan 0.5 ! matron vacuum cleaner baby ! mother of all delivery . rancho stand still for a moment , gather courage . rancho ok . vacuum cup in hand , he go under the curtain cover mona . pia raju , get on the table . in the ward , adjoin the nurse station , pia have the matron lie on a bed . fran wet deh ad ay ae aha ge wa at el , br raju rush to the table tennis table . mona stir weakly . ( from under the curtain ) ait he ! ret al farhan turn on the vacuum cleaner . 285 rancho farhan , stop . farhan yes ! pia push the baby down , like this . raju ok , ok . rancho farhan , turn it on ! farhan yes ! at the hospital , pia rush back to the laptop . fear ( to mona ) aw om det , year wt , J sa S seh mona start push . raju kneel next to she , on the table tennis table , he hand on she belly , gently push downward . raju c'mon , you can do it c'mon , push ... mona try to push , cry out with the effort . raju 's hand stroke she forehead . fear aay & ae F arai , ea aim , wie dey farhan come on mona , come on mona , mona push ! her face contort with agony , mona keep try to push . raju yes come on , mona , push push mona , come on come on come on ! from under the curtain cover mona come a welcome yell . al wt 2 ! the director , lean heavily on millimeter , be rouse from he stupor . 286 pia c'mon sister , c'mon , you can do it c'mon , push ... it . pia do it for champ ! rancho he 's come out ! pia come on , didi , you can do it . raju push mona , come on , push ! farhan yes mona good , push mona , you can do it mona ! the director be at the table . he hold mona 's hand , lean over she and join in the spirit of encouragement all around the room . mona 's body half rise from the table , she give one final push and fall back , exhaust . edt rancho ( from under the curtain ) farhan , turn it off . rem fs ht rem farhan at ae fear , ae fear ok , off . rancho emerge from under the curtain , hold a baby . there be awed silence in the room . tear course down mona 's face . raju smile through tear . farhan stand stunne . the director look at he grandson incredulously . at the nurse 's station , pia cry with joy . the crowd around she stare at the laptop 287 screen in startle wonder . the matron finally find she voice , remember she professional training . tert in the common room , everyone snap to life . cert et faery be aedt : arefifereper at ya farhan put two clothes clip on the umbilical cord . rem a , a , a a a amit , ait syetaet aut % , fut ah ! ame , da 4 a we oI farhan cut the umbilical cord . ww ead ! farhan hold out a towel , rancho carefully place the baby in it and wrap he with it . matron two clip , cut the umbilical cord . rancho farhan , two clip on the cord . farhan take this ! rancho get scissors . director be careful ! rancho cut at the centre . rancho get a towel . raju towel ! at the nurse 's station , the matron step up to pia , troubled . frat , frat a a gat et wer ? in the common room , everyone stop short . # he look down at the swaddle baby in he arm . he shake he gently . rancho hey champ ! the baby do not respond . at the nurse 's station , pia instruct rancho in a voice tremble with panic . fra veal , at sah de et the ft farhan help rancho turn the baby over . rem a a! rancho rub the baby 's back . rancho hey , champ ! farhan come on , champ ! matron pia , he 's not cry ? rancho yes ? pia rancho , rub he back . farhan here ! rancho come on , champ ! ( to pia ) sal , qo vel at ver FI at the nurse 's station , the matron break down . pia be frantic . frar be Fe fx ea bil bai rancho blow air into the baby 's mouth repeatedly . the director look from the baby to mona , desperate , hope . mona stare at she baby , tremble . farhan come on . come on , champ ! the baby do not cry . rancho finally look up . he walk to the web camera , and hold up the still baby . ae wat a wet 21 at the nurse 's station , pia break down and turn away from she laptop . in the common room , rancho slowly turn to mona . as the reality hit she , she be rack with grief . she stretch out she hand towards she baby , sobbing . et a a , at a fa ' the baby 's leg swing up and hit rancho on the cheek . rancho champ come on . no , nothing . pia blow air into he mouth . rancho no response . raju hush mona , say — '' aal izz well , aal iz well . '' stun , rancho look down , from the baby 's leg to he face . he look up again , and speak falteringly . ad arti raju look up sharply . ( daze ) od , ad arti he look at the baby from head to toe again . and suddenly understand . his eye widen with excitement . att sa that att att st ae at the nurse 's station , pia hear the familiar word and rush back to the laptop . in the common room , the trio chant to the baby . aa at the nurse 's station , pia chant into the web camera . fear 291 rancho he kick . raju ' what ? rancho he kick rancho say — '' aal izz well , aal izz well . '' rancho / farhan / raju aal izz well , aal izz well , aal izz well . pia aal izz well , aal izz well . in the common room , everyone be now chant . att sq that ater the baby kick rancho again . and start cry . roar of jubilation fill the room . rancho , farhan , raju and millimeter laugh and cry at the same time . the director and mona hug each other , sobbing in relief and happiness . at the nurse 's station , pia weep with joy , along with everyone else . rancho hold the baby up to the web camera . her eye brim with love , pia blow a kiss to she little nephew . in the common room , farhan get ready to click a picture as rancho hand the baby to the director . wer ( v.o. ) gafrar sar dt F be be saree ae eal oe be fy sa ye sle a tah a & wal the director hold he grandson , speak to he . aifw a a @ go ! ged at ? aeeT ! sit foot ae at ! farhan look at the director in incredulity and laugh . 292 everyone aal izz well , aal izz well . farhan if virus have say , '' my grandson will be a engineer , '' I would have break he jaw . but when he finally speak , he stunne we . director what a kick ! wanna be a footballer ? be what you want to be . while everyone 's attention be on the baby , rancho pick up he luggage and quietly walk out . the director see he leave . he put the baby into mona 's arm and follow he . ext . corridor , ice —- dawn rancho trudge through the waterlogged corridor . the director shout out to he from behind , hurry after he . well ! het a we at ? ae uh ae 9s faa a! rancho stop and turn . settee yer a , ae 2 ? fe a F oe a wet ast be ? rancho listen with downcast eye . ( increasingly agitate ) or a a afar at fes ce ont & at ait afaét fy gach veh , foot see F to aed 2 % , fat & be h ot ward 2 , sugar to fo to aad 2 , the director 's voice break . director you be wrong , you be wrong ! a beat . director you can not be right all the time ! you understand ? 293 director wait — I have not finish with you ! director first day of college , you would ask I a question ... why do not astronaut use a pencil in space ? director Ifa pencil tip break in space it would float in zero gravity . it could get into someone 's eye or nose or the instrument panel . rancho look at the director , with understanding in he eye . rancho ( softly ) yes , sir. the director take out the astronaut 's pen from he shirt pocket and wave it in rancho 's face . director this be a important invention . you understand ? rancho yes , sir. at qor mer at fe wa ale umpstsiisn se at ... overcome with emotion , the director break down . his body shake with silent sob as he clip the pen onto rancho 's tshirt . stun at the magnanimity of the gesture , rancho gaze up at the director . a smile come onto he face . graft ) a eas a a be at , a rest ) sary fh ore ae aet a frepet a tsir | the director push rancho aside . Dawn be break . he look up and sigh , have come to some sort of peace within himself . 294 director my director say , '' when you find a extraordinary student ... '' director go , study ! pass you exam and leave . rancho give he one last look and , he smile widen , walk away . ext . ground , ice — day its graduation day . student in they graduation robe and hat sit face the stage on which they will get they degree on . announcer ( os ) and now , student of the year ... ranchhoddas shamaldas chanchad ! as rancho walk up to the stage , the student , with the exception of chatur , give he a stand ovation . among that applaud , they eye brim with pride , be raju , pia and millimeter . on stage , the director hand rancho he degree with aplomb . farhan , the only student not in a graduation robe , have he camera ready . farhan Sir , one photo , Sir ! the director grab rancho 's hand and drag he forward in a mock imitation of drag he through the college corridor . he stop , put he arm around rancho and smile warmly . farhan click . the new graduate throw up they hat in celebration . farhan walk in the crowd , capture moment on he camera ; the director 295 laugh with he student , a grimace chatur be kiss on he cheek by he mother , raju and he mother embrace while weep tear of joy . in the midst of all this , unnotice by anyone , he degree in he hand , rancho load he luggage into a taxi . em ( v.o. ) eq art al et eae y ae ae F ape a omt aed atl oa fer wa wh cat a ovat feat have 41 siirra ah ae ae wz 4 , for ea 4 2 a ae a wh be oat ae to we f1 rancho look around once , tear in he eye , before get into the taxi . farhan , look through he viewfinder , see this . he lower he camera , puzzle , and watch as the taxi drive away . ext . ladakh road — day chatur 's suv travel through the stark , stun landscape of Ladakh . Inside the suv , chatur , still gag and bound , now sit on the backseat . he be flanke by pia and raju . pia have she eye close and hand fold in prayer . farhan drive . the suv turn in the direction of a road sign read ' skitsal School 's . chatur make angry noise through he sag . farhan glance at he through he rear - view mirror . 296 farhan I want to capture all this memory and take they home . that day , we hugge , we rejoice , we cry ... we vow that . who know then , we be see rancho for we would meet at least once a year .. the last time ... wear be ait & saar raju remove chatur 's gag . chatur pll sue you all in a american court . ext . driveway , school — day the suv drive up a path line with solar panel and come to a halt beside a beautiful wooden building . raju , pia , farhan and chatur rush out . ext . compound , school - continuous raju , pia and farhan run into a compound fill with child in the midst of fun activity and science experiment . a child dress as a astronaut pass they . frat th ! pia show raju a group of child around a old , batter scooter . they use a contraption on the back of the scooter to grind grain into flour . farhan look at a group of child shearing sheep , use power generate by a move bicycle . | ow farhan untie he . pia raju ! raju only rancho can create a school like this . 297 frar ( look around searchingly ) ae he ? ext . build , school - continuous away from the bustling compound , against a seemingly desert school building , chatur find a spot to relieve himself . as he unzip , a child call out to he in ladakhi . fs 1 ( giggle ) sft be weer chatur look up , irritate . from a window above he , two Children peer down at he . at a a , brat , a ! the second , slightly older child try again . fas 2 a wet yb at ht at q be ar , 8 ? the boy exchange a look . as chatur start to urinate against the wall , they throw down a wire with a live , break light bulb attach to it . the bulb hit the stream of urine and chatur get electrocute . he start yell in pain . the Children start laugh . 298 pia but where be he ? kid 1 do not pee here . chatur go away creature ! kid 2 do not pee here . chatur pll smack you ? farhan , raju and pia come run towards the noise . they face break into gtin of delight . ret ( excitedly ) fra vat ) afar at or ora af 21 leave chatur , the three of they run towards another part of the school , look around searchingly . they pass a neatly dress young boy carry a file . farhan stop and address he . er og aed , wera wet fare raju and pia join they . fear saar a wretsera ar 21 aa ret ( frustratedly ) saat a var & afar ? the Boy look from one to the other with amusement and a dawn realisation . facfifrex ht mt St ath , mt a stg ... sasit a ati 299 farhan bingo ! he can not be far ... farhan Excuse I , where be ranchhoddas ? pia he 's not ranchhoddas ! raju rancho ... farhan chhote ... dammit , what 's he name ? millimeter calm down . come with I . int . phunsukh wangdu 's room , school — continuous farhan , raju and pia follow the Boy into a colourful , cluttere workshop -office . intrigue gadget and experimental setup vie for space with the book , blackboard , computer and chart . aw ( look around ) wet % , tit wet 2 ? wear va ! without answer they , the boy get out some book from a bookshelf and place they before farhan . faferiier ua 21 a tat aie a farhan look down at the book . they be all book he 's write . he look up , move . the Boy switch on the computer . the screen be fill with the home page of ' raju rastogi 's blog 's . faferiier pet feet & at # as ah & ara 1 raju look at the computer screen , then look up wonderingly . the Boy take a batter , red helmet off a wall peg and turn to pia . 300 raju where 's he ? farhan rancho . millimeter farhan , he 's read all you book . millmeter raju , he read you blog everyday . proudly share it with the kid . fafertrez wat at at ? pia look at the helmet in surprised wonder . she look up at the young man smile at she . fra ( softly , puzzle ) ah am a? oie ey a ha ba art a ? tear wet ? fra wet | faferfrez a year faferiy oq aérfree air a va 21 pia , raju and farhan gasp . surprise pleasure and recognition replace the bafflement on they face and everyone speak at the same time . a4 henfiex , faite gt war TI a8 farhan and raju envelope millimeter in a hug . pia smile , blink back tear . 301 millimeter remember you helmet , pia ? it be steal ... pia who be you ? how do you know we ? millmetre do not you recognise I ? pia no. millimeter how would you ? millimeter be now centimeter . farhan rascal ! raju not centimeter , you be kilometer . heer aie afer jy aet war he be ? faferfier vet ae ae be yh faedt arth wer af to at fene freer ore ferar a , ver wed & at or yes a1 we ay ye af wear ara att | pia , touch by millimeter 's story , avert she face , wiping off a tear . she look back at millimeter , with grow indignation and anger in she eye . fear wet @ at sfeae ? ext . lake , ladakh —- moment later a model plane circle over the shimmer turquoise of a lake . on a narrow strip of sand jutting into the lake , stand the group control the plane — rancho and several laugh , clamour child . rancho manoeuvre the plane with a remote control , childish glee and enthusiasm on he face . he turn from the lake and stop short . Riding towards he , on the old , flour-making scooter from he school , be pia . without take he eye off pia , rancho address the child next to he . yar sa , ga ft | 302 farhan how do you get here ? millimeter I get a letter with a train ticket inside it say — '' miss be in school ? catch this I do . train '' ... farhan that rascal rancho ! pia where be that idiot ? rancho dorje , you fly it . he hand over the remote control to the child and stare at he fantasy - come-alive . the Children chase behind the plane . the scooter stop . rancho tilt he head to the side and look at pia dreamily , a small smile on he face . at ( v.0 . ) a tt geq & eeg fy eer we de at a avd fo ondh a 1 pia park the scooter and start walk towards rancho . she take off she helmet as she walk . vat ( v.0 . ) ye foot mo ae oe ard afl rancho 's smile grow as pia come closer . pia reach he and slap he across he face . be ! area ! fear ( furious ) a & vet of T wet a? ( lowering he eye ) aah ... apt fear amet at ? 303 rancho every night you ride into my dream on a scooter , dress as a bride . rancho instead of a veil , you lift you helmet and come close to kiss I . rancho ouch ! pia could not you tell I before leave ? rancho no. sorry . pia do you marry ? rancho give a incredulous laugh . ei rancho wa , wer ! at | what ? no. the importance of the question suddenly hit he and he sober down in a hurry . yat rancho or ? you ? pia almost .... idiot ! rancho breathes out in relief , smile . pia start smile too . she look at rancho expectantly , wait . frar pia at ? so ? tet rancho at diz ? so what ? far pia foot a be hed er ? do you love someone ? rancho hesitates , then speak reluctantly . rancho yes . pain and disappointment fill pia 's face . she manage to mask she emotion and turn she face away from rancho , unable to look at he as she ask she next question . 304 pia who ? rancho look at she , a slow smile start to appear on he face . rancho you . pia look back at he , startle . her face flood with relief and joy . she grab rancho and kiss he on the lip . when she finally let go of he , rancho stagger back astound . he have a thrilled smile on he face . pia smile back . fear war , be dra '' vet ont & eft rancho that 's right ! eer ( shouting ) rancho turn to see farhan stand behind he at a distance . he smile in delight . wear ( angrily ) farhan take off a shoe and start move towards rancho , aggressively . 305 pia see , the nose do not collide , stupid . farhan rancho ! rancho hi ... farhan ! farhan screw you ' h ? , ar , a , a ta a a ... rancho start to walk backwards . wear wat wal , tat art a ae to , ft art at be wear wat wal , tat art a rancho start run backwards . farhan run towards he . ae ae hwa ane € ati someone shove he from behind . rancho turn around to see raju . rancho smile , overjoy to see he friend . at th ! raju slap he . rancho , reeling from the blow , spin towards farhan . farhan slap he . rancho start run . raju and farhan chase he , swear loudly . be ! wear ex to ! 306 rancho hey , listen to I ... farhan no , you listen to I . rancho I can explain everything . farhan no , you listen to I . rancho I can explain everything . rancho hi ... raju ! raju rascal ! farhan look here . rancho run around pia 's park scooter , try he best to dodge he furious friend . they catch up with he and all collapse on the sand , pummelling each other . wt wit sit ame aeaT eat ee ay paar wad 4 ! aprat fae & art ! art et wet set ! ret pia watch the three friend affectionately . fra art , cite a8 aep a at aed arr mh . al fat pt ist , at 2 ! uh gt et fear set ? ret ert ) ret ! pia finally decide rancho 's be punish enough . frat at , ae gsi farhan and raju stand back and look at rancho curl up on the sand . a , ss Art bi 307 raju how we hunt for you ! do not have a coin for one phone call ? farhan one phone call ? pia add a couple from I too . raju one phone call ? farhan rascal , scoundrel ! pia let he go now . farhan on you foot , c'mon ! farhan give rancho a hand and rancho haul himself up . the three friend hold they side , panting . they straighten up and , slowly , start laugh . farhan step forward and hug rancho . rancho open out a arm and raju step into it . the three hug each other laugh and cry . pia look at they , smile , wiping a tear . chatur 's suv come to a halt a little away from they . chatur poke he head out of the suv . chatur have fun , idiot ? rancho hey ... hi chatur . chatur walk towards rancho , still limping from the electric shock . at ( mockingly ) be wes ! tt be ! amt het ved ag ... a # say aq ag et ? wwe chatur give a loud bray laugh at he own joke . his laugh end abruptly as he wince with the remnant of pain from the shock . he clutches the front of he pants briefly , then resume . 308 farhan you idiot . chatur ranchhoddas chanchad . how do you do , Mr. teacher ? wow , you be a teacher in a village — a for Apple , B for Ball ... ay ahi wo a owe a tl a oq ftrt '' aet wear cata a area ment eae chatur laugh again . rancho smile , amused and completely unaffected . he glance at the other , he eye twinkle . ade u aat feat & este ? dtr ? oe zone ? we at to aem af 100 stat ay ae be tbe att gert aa a coer eI raju and farhan look at chatur with increase anger and disgust . mh ( snap ) hi tha te sli at ara at & wea atl vaart pre ST goot de at ) sfaal Al ace ae at chatur crack up again . farhan lunge towards he . er a eae a diem & of ae , wae rancho restrain farhan . wet '' a , os ati chatur we train leave together . but yours travel in reverse ... from engineer to primary teacher . chatur what 's you salary , chanchad ? rs 5000 ? for I that 's $ 100 . my son 's pocket money be more than you salary . raju cut the crap . chatur crap be what he give we . want to change the education system , change the world . finally what do he change ? kid diaper farhan you gonna break he jaw or should I ? rancho just relax . rancho grin , thoroughly entertained by chatur . at ( gloat ) he take out a document and hand it over to rancho . agt fy qo bt det tae be a goa , # strat 1 rancho scan the document and read the head out loud . ei ' sree site fepte 's ? safaterart be ! everyone start to laugh . mh aq ! rancho unbelievable ! wear a wiret = et ! rancho take out a pen and start to sign the document . chatur notice the pen he 's signing with . his face fall . tage dt aaa be the 21 ae Te ae arr ? fa aay ? 310 chatur remember I would say one day you would cry and I would laugh ? chatur sign here . accept — you lose , I win ! rancho '' declaration of defeat 's ? unbelievable , man ! raju chatur ! farhan crazy guy . chatur hey , this be virus 's pen ! you pinch it ? air oa fn fas ali chatur snatch the pen from rancho 's hand . chatur ( viciously ) this be for winner , not loser ! suddenly change tack , chatur put he arm around rancho 's shoulder and start walk with he , towards he car . cist ( condescendingly ) ae ad vai , eat eae a cate a aie arm afev , at alr ae afte ety he hand over he assistant 's visit card to rancho . rancho stand still , look at the card , bemuse . chatur walk off , sing . chatur ' a for apple , B for ball ... laugh incredulously , rancho turn to he friend . a facga wat see , be ! think that chatur 's jibe might have hurt he , rancho 's friend try to make he feel better . ret oe sh he , sh hi 311 rancho forget it , man . chatur if you school ever need help , call my assistant for a donation . rancho he have not change at all ! farhan ignore he . ss ae sael , ee a sera wea FI rancho phunsukh wangdu . farhan and raju do a double - take . pia look horrify . raju / farhan wangdu ! pia ( in revulsion ) pia ' wangdu 's _ al al at be & 400 yersrq 2 ? al pia make the point most important to she . 312 raju he 's full of crap . pia the good news be you name be not ranchhoddas chanchad imagine , after marriage , I be pia chanchad — yuck ! by the way , what be you real name ? rancho yes . raju you mean , your a scientist ? rancho yes . farhan you have 400 patent ? rancho yes . _@ 4 a a ad nama q age a aire 2 ? a : anit at sing a ee have be pia ( cry out in despair ) I do not like wangdu !! rancho ( to farhan ) I think so ... ret ae uh ad a , T ashe @ a ere ? apre & afer aedt a Al yet < 1 wy wad tz gaae aie &? pia finally realise what raju and farhan be get at . her pain expression turn into a gradually widen smile . at a el 313 pia I will not change my name after marriage . raju you mean you be chatur 's wangdu ? rancho yes . farhan its you the japanese be woo ? farhan be you a scientist or a teacher ? rancho scientist , but I also teach child . raju so you be the phunsukh wangdu ? rancho yes , yes ! as raju and farhan burst into ecstatic , triumphant laughter . farhan ( yell ) hey silencer . to ag , aay at ! rem U bh bh thi chatur ignore they shout . instead , he kiss he hand and pat he butt with it , in a silent rendition of ' kiss my ass '. chatur take that ! | ave 24 , rancho pull out he cellphone and dial a number . chatur have almost reach he car . his cellphone ring . he take it out of he pocket . ' phunsukh wangdu call 's flash on the screen . chatur stop in he track . with reverence he answer the phone . a wr at ! ( in a businesslike tone ) ong oy att foot ogy , aft srr aeriT a a 4 ga sé set ee oer 314 raju hey chatur , come back ! farhan stop ! rancho wait , I will stop he . chatur Mr. wangdu , I can not believe it 's you . rancho I be sorry , Mr. chatur . I can not sign the deal with you company chatur 's face lose colour . chatur what Sir ? why sir ? rancho 's tone change back to he natural one . yi rancho at dy aea be ae at ww at how do I sign , man ? you take my pen . a m 1 farhan , raju and pia burst into loud laughter . chatur put he hand on he free ear , try to block out the sound . chatur ( confuse ) what pen , Sir ? I do not get you ... wir rancho a at a a # 2 qa at a the one in you hand — virus 's pen ! the four friend guffaw with mirth . war chatur aaa &t th ? virus 's pen ? chatur look at the pen in he hand . a terrible realisation begin to dawn on he . he turn around . chatur ( falteringly ) Mr. wangdu ...? four hand wave at chatur . 315 af att age ! oa amy we ! a daze chatur look down at the document rancho have sign . the signature read ' phunsukh wangdu 's . wear a sear at aarene at 11 they can not stop laugh . the truth finally hit he , chatur gasp and stutter , desperately grapple for a way to retrieve the situation . he start talk nervously , too fast , keep a fake , sickly sweet smile plaster on he face . a qo a , a eat a , to , ong ae fez aire . dest wis a , ys at ati oe raju jut out he hip and do he own rendition of ' kiss my ass '. mh . uo age ! set , sea ! uo omg ant cif be : see & be be q ae '' .. 7 aw set 316 rancho yes , chatur ? raju a for Apple , B for Ball be ... farhan .. S for ' screw 's . chatur you get I , rancho — I mean , Mr. wangdu . totally floor I . good one I hope we personal problem will not affect this deal . raju hey chatur — take that . chatur I be just joke , man . deep down , I know you would do great thing . wal / ul / re a a at at a , omg hy cafe gq , mye yat 100 , a 01g fa , ts tit be facta ate chatur turn around and pull down he pants , expose he bright blue underwear . the four wince and turn away . be ae de at aeq wae wi ! fear a! reir ! as chatur turn back towards they , pants still down , the four of they turn and run away from he . alarm , chatur call out . ae & tat ( wheedling ) a ste act amet ae at we we chatur hobble behind they , pull he pants up on the way . 317 rancho / raju / farhan you be fibbing ! chatur no , really , I swear . no no no no , I be tell you , rancho — 100 , chatur — 0 . you win , I lose . you do not believe I ? chatur you majesty , thou art great . accept this humble offer . pia free advice , Mr. wangdu - run for you life ! rancho chalo ! chatur hey rancho . rancho , tl lose my job , man . I have small kid ... wer ( v.o. ) aat afc , arrardt odt art ae ae ae ae ina paradisiacal valley ringed by mountain , rancho , farhan , raju and pia run , laugh with exhilaration , jewel- like water lap the shore they run on , as chatur stumble after they , whining , fade out the end 318 farhan his holiness guru ranchhoddas have correctly state — '' follow excellence ... success will chase you , pants down . '' the mviethod in the iviadness rajkumar hirani , abhijat joshi , & vidhu Vinod chopra recollect in the course of put this book together , the many conversation I have with rajkumar hirani reveal that in a life span over four decade fill with many challenging and debilite experience , the one that be clearly etched in he memory as the most oppressive of they all be the month precede he 12th standard exam . '' every night I would get a recur dream that I be take a exam and I do not know the answer to even a single question . I would wake up in cold sweat , '' he say . raju attribute this to the fear psychosis create around exam and grade in India . the first few daunt month at ftii , a year without work and money in Mumbai , myriad struggle to set up a career , the herculean task of make movie be lesser strain compare to the pressure of Higher secondary exam in he life . it be no surprise then that when he start hunt for a subject he feel deeply about as the DNA for he first feature film , he decide on the story of three friend in a medical college . the aim be to weave a tale that enthralled with anecdote from life in a hostel and make a comment both on the education system and the medical practice in India . for raju , life in a hostel signify freedom . the time he spend do theatre with he group awaaz with the student from nagpur Medical College , hostel life at fti , and the horror of education engineered towards grade be experience that have leave a indelible impression on he . therefore , the first draft of munna bhai m.b.b.s. have , instead of the lovable bhai and he sidekick circuit , three friend live in a medical college . the script and the idea keep change and evolve . at the end , the three friend have to wait and give way to the duo that become the indian equivalent of batman and Robin : the incorrigible and immensely endear munna and circuit . but the initial idea that he start with lay latent in raju 's subconscious for the next six year . such must have be he desire to make this film one day and so great the need for the world to have this idea translate on screen that the universe conspire to make it happen . vidya balan and the Mumbai deluge of 2005 play significant role in pull this blueprint out from the deep recess of raju 's mind . it be May 2005 and vidya have just finish shoot for the first schedule of lage raho munna bhai . she and raju have strike up a instant rapport often recommend interesting film and book to each other . vidya happen to read five Point someone during this period . she know chetan so she be aware that he be keen to get the book across to raju as possible material for a film . vidya immediately leat she copy of the book to raju say that this be a idea she feel have leg . but be in the middle of make a film , raju do not have time to breathe let alone read . the book gather dust on he bookshelf for sometime . and then in July , Mumbai face the worst rain- induce flood ever . life for everyone in Mumbai come to a standstill . raju 's lane be completely flood and he have no choice but to stay home for a couple of day . that be when he pick up five Point someone and read it . the story of three friend and they experience in a engineering college take he by surprise and bring to the fore he first draft of munna bhai m.b.b.s. he discuss it with Vinod and abhijat . the rights to adapt the book into a film be buy and the rest as they say be history . the one -liner ( a scene - wise synopsis of the screenplay and its trajectory ) of 3 idiot be ready in a record nine day and the first draft of the screenplay with dialogue be ready in 18 day from the day abhijat joshi , vidhu Vinod chopra , and rajkumar hirani start work on it ( 2006 ) . after that , it take the three writer , two - and - a-half year to arrive at a shoot script . the evolution of the screenplay involved ponderous work on innumerable draft , multiple scenario ( some retain and many abandon ) , copious amount of green tea , long walk , and several trip around the globe . the journey be through a labyrinth of possibility . [ in some draft pia be farhan 's ex-girlfriend ; chatur and not suhas be to marry pia ; farhan be a unhappy corporate honcho in New York ; instead of wildlife photography , linguistics be farhan 's passion ; Joy and phunsukh wangdu be add and delete frequently .] the key to the screenplay be to find the best way forward that enable the narrative to be consistently compelling , real , and entertaining . this interview with the writer be record between January and April 2010 , at various location , in Mumbai . 322 there be a method to the three of you work together . how do it work ? VC : we have be work together for many year and have immense mutual respect and affection for each other . abhijat and I go back to the kareeb day and with raju my write association start with munna bhai m.b.b.s. 1 do not sit with they and write continuously . my biggest contribution and challenge be to channelise they passion and energy in a direction . I be they rubbish radar . they do the write and come to I constantly with material at regular interval . I either change some thing or add new thing to it or reject it . my work here be of a good reviewer . rh : abhijat and I write constantly while work on the screenplay and once we have a ready draft , we start the session with Vinod . he be brilliant at catch the problem , the chink in the script , the flaw . it be fantastic to get this kind of perspective on one 's work as one be go along . it keep we on the right track . aj : the interesting thing about the three of we work together be the diversity in we method of work which eventually enhance the material we work on . Vinod 's method of write and raju 's and my method be completely different but we goal be the same : a great story . raju and I operate by work on individual scene and later bind they together which bring the desire unpredictability to we work whereas Vinod like he character arc and plot define . therefore , when we take the scene to Vinod , he lend the necessary prespective to they . the principle which have be the guide metaphor throughout aristotle 's writings have be that the action of a narrative or drama must be present as '' a complete whole , with its several incident so closely connect that the transposal [ shifting a incident / scene from one point in the narrative to another ] or withdrawal of any one of they will disjoin and dislocate the whole . '' this be the principle that Vinod follow . his focus be the whole . every scene in the film must carry the story forward . it must have a purpose that serve this movement . you cannot narrate a scene to Vinod and tell he that the purpose of the scene be to make people laugh or cry . he will immediately throw it out . scene might be luminous on they own but they be useless if they do not light up the whole narrative be Vinod 's belief . raju and I often get carry away by the individual scene . in the second half of 3 diot , Vinod take out a few dramatic scene which in hindsight I feel would have weaken we film . he believe that we cannot overload the audience because after a while , they stop caring . there be fatigue that set in . you need to have that balance where you do not give in to the 323 temptation of overdo thing . to give you a example , the speech scene be keep not because it be funny but because it have a purpose beyond make the audience laugh . the speech demonstrate the pitfall of rote learn and bring the conflict philosophy in the film , of chase excellence and blindly chase success , out in the open . this be the way in which we work together . different perspective enable we to retain quality without lose focus . the germ of the idea come from chetan bhagat 's book five Point someone . what be it that draw you to the book ? rh : I love the description of hostel life in the book . it instantly hold my attention . I have live in a the hostel , like the boy in the book , so it be very appeal to I . Education and the pressure one face with regard to education that would result in a ' better life 's , the one define by society and not necessarily by the individual , have always be of great interest to I . this give I a wonderful opportunity to combine this thought with a few anecdote from the book . it take over two - and - a- half year for the screenplay to come together . what be the challenge that you face while write it ? rh : five Point someone , though immensely enjoyable , be very anecdotal in its treatment . I know the moment I read the book that we would have to spend considerable time adapt it into a screenplay . there be nothing in the book that bind it together . for a film , a bind thread be critical . the audience have to be take on a journey through the character and plot . it have to move towards something to hold the attention of the viewer . for example , in lagaan , one of the thing that keep you hook till the end be the cricket match . the whole film be move towards that . I could not find this thread within the book and from there stem the desire to create a external story . the idea for the external story come to I in kenya . the kenyan Film board have invite a select group of indian film director and cinematographers to explore kenya as a shoot destination for indian film . therefore , nikhil advani , shaad Ali , and I , include a few other director and cinematographers , travel to kenya . initially , as usual , I be very reluctant to go . what happen with I be that whenever I be invite to some place and if I be work , I start think that it be a waste of time , and , therefore , why should I go . this be the reason I decline most of the time and then I regret it . twice over I pass 324 up the opportunity to go to Australia think that I be work on my script and it would be a waste of time . in both case , I could have easily go and come back and my life would not have change . so when this invitation come , sometime in March 2007 , I decide I must go . I go but out of habit carry my laptop with I hope I would find time to get some work do there . on reach kenya , I discover that they have a pack itinerary plan for we for each day of we stay . obviously , they want to show we the maximum number of location . the day use to start at 6 be and end at 9 pm . after two day of intense sightseeing , I get anxious about my script . I start get very edgy . on the third day , I refuse to go . nikhil and everyone else start laugh at I . I realise that if I tell they the truth , then I would not be able to escape so I lie and tell they that I be not well . they leave without I . I take out my laptop and start work on my script . funnily , one lady who be with the film board , land up in my room with a doctor . I sheepishly tell they that now I be better . hopefully , when she read this she shall realise how pivotal this day of work in kenya be to 3 idiot . that entire day , the one day I manage to work on my script , away from all phone call and distraction , I sit in my hotel room think about the story that I need to introduce to bind the film . that be when this think about the bet between the rival strike I . one friend go away and then the other two search for he . for the audience , the bind factor would then be — do they find this friend or not ? if they do find he , then what be the story of the friend ? why do he leave ? where do he go ? do he win the bet or do he lose ? at every stage , this question would be at the back of they mind . this desire and curiosity in the audience to get to the end of the film be the backbone of a screenplay . if I be to remove this entire story from the screenplay , then the film become just a story set in a college and you be not really look forward to anything . I remember I call abhijat from there and tell he this idea and he love it . the icing on the cake be abhijat come up with the imposter idea . aj : the imposter idea in the film come from a real - life story . I know a man ( I can not name he as he be someone from the industry ) who actually do what the real ranchoddas do in the film . a man apply to ftii and get through . he also apply to a engineering college and get select . he get select in many place . he be a brilliant guy . of all the entrance exam he clear , he decide to enrol in the engineering college . this brilliant guy be we imposter 's friend . the imposter want to study cinema so he take he friend 's permission and impersonate he . he study at ftii for three year pose as the brilliant guy who choose engineering . 325 the imposter pass out of the Institute , join the film industry , change back to he real identity and make film . this real - life story , which not too many people know about , inspire the whole rancho-imposter track . rh : we combine the search and the imposter track and get the story of the film . the bind thread which be miss to keep the narrative move be now in place . this be probably one of the most critical of the challenge we face in write 3 idiot . ' what accord to you be the core of 3 idiot ? aj : the first scene that we write for 3 idiot be the conversation between boman and aamir at Joy 's funeral . this scene be in a different form and shape the first time we write it . on the night of the suicide , rancho go up to the tower in the campus , ring the bell , gather the student and deliver a speech . but in this form , the scene become too dramatic , grim , and preachy . we work for day to make it more real and yet retain the drama and impact . the scene you see in the film feel more natural so we change the speech to a conversation at the funeral . we purposely choose to make the boy who commit suicide a Christian so that the funeral be set in a cemetery . the grey of the cemetery and the rain give the scene the grim and colourless tone that we need . this scene , accord to I , be the core of 3 idiot . why should people be kill themselves ? there be something wrong with the system . why be everyone run after grade and not knowledge ? that be what the film address and attack . VC : I agree with abhijat . 3 / diot question the system and its pitfall . the pressure to chase grade lead student to give in to pursuit that might not be the one of they choice and compel they to take the set and decide path to set and decide goal . this only lead to suicide or mediocrity . Chasing excellence be not encourage . excellence over success be a philosophy I have always follow which have lead I to take some very irrational decision that have make no business sense . but because the pursuit be for quality , in the long run , success come in leap and bound . it be a very personal film . not only do it embody a philosophy that be close to you heart but it heavily borrow from you life as well . which portion in the film have be pick from you life ? rh : there be a lot in the film from the scene to the quirk add to embellish character to dialogue that we have take from we life . I use to know a guy 326 call prasan jain in ftii who once have a bath at the entrance gate of the campus to make the faculty aware that there be a acute water shortage in the hostel . so rancho bathing in the garden come from there . '' jahanpanah tussi great ho '' be also borrow from the Film Institute . we be rag for a entire month after we join . all throughout that month , if we spot a senior , we have to pull down we pants , bend over , pat we butt , and say , '' jahanpanah tussi great ho . tohfa kubool karo . '' this practice be call farshi . in my day at the nagpur Medical College with my theatre buddy , I get to know about this guy who use to slip magazine under the door of other student to distract they during exam . the competition there be so fierce that people resort to some really desperate thing . the conversation between farhan and he father be again inspire by the conversation I have with my father which I have mention in detail in the introduction to this book . aj : I have already tell you about the impostor story . apart from the search for the third friend and the imposter track , the third primary element in the story be the bet between chatur and rancho . this bet signifies the clash of rival ideology . we get the idea for this from a anecdote from Vinod 's initial year in the industry . after the trial of one of the film make by a big bollywood producer , Vinod hitched a ride with he in he posh car to be drop to the nearest bus stop . the producer ask Vinod what he think about the film . Vinod launch into shredd the screenplay bit by bit and let the man know without mincing word that the film be utter rubbish . the gentleman turn around and say , '' jadd vaddi gaadi lenga to tadd dekhanga tu kaisi picture banay a '' ( when you get use to riding in a big car , then we will see the kind of film you make ) . the producer 's point be simple : when you get use to the luxury , it be what work at the box office that take precedence over the quality of cinema . Vinod get out of the car and swore that this be something he would never adhere to . he be clear from the beginning that the ball game be cinema and not money . if you get the former right , then the latter would follow . this clash of philosophy , of think , money versus good cinema be the trigger for the bet between rancho and chatur . the rancho '' definition of book and the machine '' scene be my gift to raju 's son veer . raju be help veer with he homework . one of the question in the assignment be : why do we celebrate good Friday ? veer 's answer to that be '' to commemorate the resurrection of Christ . '' raju want to know if veer know the meaning of this answer . to he surprise , veer do not . raju launch into explain it to he and then ask veer to write the answer the way he have understand it . but veer be adamant that it have to be write only in the manner that he have write it or he teacher would 327 not be happy . easy or uncomplicate language and , most importantly , veer away from the expect and accept form of the answer be not a option . raju be very baffle and concerned about this . he tell I this story over the phone and it become the genesis of the rancho- Professor ' definition - of - machine 's face -off . the scene where rancho , farhan , and raju go to farhan 's house after the director send the warning letter to both raju and farhan 's parent be also inspire from two different incident that happen in my life and raju 's . once , I have meet a lady who be furious with she daughter . the daughter be a bright girl but the lady be yell at she because she have score 91 per cent instead of 94 per cent . the 3 per cent drop be unacceptable . the insanity of this mad race for mark leave I amused and disturb at the same time . when we be write this scene , I really want to incorporate this . while at ftii , raju with he Institute friend use to travel to Mumbai often over the weekend . on one such weekend , a friend of he invite they to he house for dinner . they all land up at he place eager to devour the free food so look forward to in that money - strapped college day . the friend who invite they and he mother have have a big fight . they sit in silence wait for the announcement that the food be ready . after two hour , the mother get up and tell the boy , '' beta agli baar aaoge to khaana zaroor kha kar jaana . '' raju still remember this because it be close to midnight when they be ask to leave and they be famish with barely over twenty rupee between all of they . the watch track between pia and rancho again come from a anecdote that Vinod have tell I about ... VC : see I tell you I can not remember half the thing . abhijat have be gift with a photographic memory . a relative of mine be work in the Gulf and be very well off . I be not do that well then . during one of he visit , he be flaunt he watch which cost a couple of lakh . I hear he out and then exclaim that there must be something wrong with he watch . he be take aback and frantically examine he expensive watch . there be nothing wrong with it accord to he so he ask I to explain myself . ' aapki ghadi itni mehngi hai aur meri sirf do sau rupyaye ki lekin phir bhi time same dikhateen hein '' ( you watch be very expensive and mine cost only rs 200 but both of they tell the same time ) , be my reply which leave he speechless . rancho propel the story forward . he illustrate the philosophy of the film . a lot of people feel that he character do not have a arc in the film . rancho 328 enter the story , preach , and then leave . he be too perfect . how do rancho as a character evolve and do you have any fear and apprehension that he might appear to be more fiction than real as he begin to take shape ? rh : the backbone of rancho 's character which also separate he from everybody else be he lack of fear . he be a brilliant , free-spirite , and honest boy who be chase what he be interested in most . probably a person without fear have become unfathomable today so rancho might seem unreal to some but to I he be very real . my first thought on rancho be that he be a boy from a village who have have no experience with formal education so he do not know the fear of teacher . he speak to they as he speak to everyone . I could have dwell on he childhood and background a little more in the film to bring this to the fore but I eventually feel that it be not necessary . rancho life by he philosophy and he belief . he make choice which be absurd conventionally but he be not here to conform and he do not feel the need to . VC : why do he appear superhuman ? it be very easy for raju , abhijat , and I to flesh out rancho as we understand he completely . in fact , I see a lot of myself in rancho . there be just too many similarity . I be always a topper in my school . I remember be throw out of class because I dare to ask my teacher who hamlet be . in college , I find BA very boring so I use to attend ma class and I even study the book prescribe for ma economics . in my BA exam , I score only 55 per cent . I be a consistent topper with score usually range between eighty and ninety . I be sure that there be a mistake in the way I have be mark . I ask for a recheck and realise that the objection to some of the answer stem from the fact that I do not follow the pattern of write the expect answer . I be quote writer and theory , with all due respect , which be out of the purview of my teacher . therefore , when I take my final BA exam , I write all my reference with the page number and the title of the book and the author . this be how I top my BA exam . what surprised and baffle I though be the resistance of the educator to reward inventiveness . this reluctance and rigidity be steepe in we education system . you would be surprised to know that ftii have fail I . I be throw out without a diploma . then my student film , murder at monkey Hill , win the National Award and be also nominate for a oscar . the moment I win the National Award , ftii appoint I as a member of they govern council . in this capacity , I speak out against the staff as I be aware of everything that go on there . the staff protest against I and say that I could not be on the govern council because I have fail . the 329 ftii management have to pass I then and I get my diploma . they have fail I because they want I to take a lot of exam , some of which I think be completely ridiculous . for example , they want we to submit a feature film script which I never do . the reason for that be simple . I feel we be not yet train to do this . I protest against this unfair practice . it give I no pleasure to say this but I do not have any teacher to look up to , and at that stage of you life , a guide force can be such a boon . this experience and the lack of guidance become my reason to back talent . I be passionate about do this because I never have that privilege . I learn the English language at the age of 16 ( as late as that ) and what be I do now ? I be make a film in Hollywood . even now , I have a problem understanding my actor and I ask they to talk slowly because it be tough for I to understand they accent . I can draw many parallel but the point I be make be that rancho be not a unbelievable , fictional , larger - than - life character . he be probably someone who be a little tough to understand in this world because he do not conform . we be so happy sit back and accept whatever be dole out that anyone who question , be consider a aberration . aj : while write , we do not look at rancho as a character in the film but as the hero of the film and he have be write like that , though he be neither superhuman nor a comic book hero . he have the attribute of a hero and it would be dangerous to pretend otherwise . he be a uninhibit free spirit with insatiable curiosity and genuine query . he do not operate with arrogance or cockiness and aamir have also play he with that inherent earnestness . but it would be incorrect to say that he do not have a arc in the film or a journey . his journey in the film start from Joy 's suicide . he would not have take on the system have he not see that a perfectly wonderful boy be drive to suicide because of the mechanical , unthink , ruthless system education have be reduce to . this stir something inside he that he cannot ignore . a clear inspiration and influence here be the film deewar ( 1975 ) . amitabh bachchan be a daily wage worker at the dockyard . all worker there have to pay extortion money to Peter , the local goon . one man refuse to pay this and he be kill by the goons . the death of this innocent person change amitabh . he decide to fight back . '' raheem chacha ab woh hoga jo 25 saal mein nahin hua . agle hafie se ek aur coolie inn darindon ko hafia nahin dene wala hai '' ( something that have not happen in 25 year will happen now . next week one more worker will not pay the extortion money to the goons ) , go the famous dialogue . without this death which change he , amitabh would have remain just a worker content 330 to earn he daily wage . this incident , its futility and cruelty , change he . while write rancho , raju and I have discuss this scene from deewar . therefore , Joy 's suicide be a turn point in rancho 's life . this be he journey . and in the course of he own journey , he change life include he own . like rancho , virus 's character must have be a challenge . how do you achieve balance there ? rh : during munna bhai m.b.b.s. , we be shoot a scene where boman be to deliver a speech to the student . he improvise and add in the speech that a doctor should be dispassionate towards he patient . he must maintain a emotional distance to give he perspective . the exact line be : '' agar mein apni family par operate karoonga to mere haath kampenge . '' while scripting this , my debate with boman be that this argument be so logical and valid that it completely justify Dr. asthana 's character . it make my hero look weak . boman look at I and say that this be my problem and not he . as a antagonist , he must have a point of view and if that point of view weaken the protagonist , then the director have to make the protagonist stronger . this have stay with I since then . I have consciously apply this while construct the character in my film . this help in create character that be real and not one dimensional . therefore , virus despite he quirk have a ring of reality . his intention be not to go out there and harm student . he believe that life be a race and if you do not run fast enough , you would be leave behind . this be he point of view and he be unwaver in he belief . the film start with farhan abandon a flight that have already take off . but it be a long process before you arrive at this open for the film . in the earlier draft I read , several approach be try include the one where you be even contemplate bring in amitabh bachchan as the narrator . how do you reach this open scene and why be this scene the most appropriate accord to you ? rh : the start point be always tough . the idea be to set up a extraordinarily large activity which farhan have to abandon at the very mention of rancho . this be do to establish the importance of rancho in farhan 's life . aj : though we go along with the airplane scene to open the film , I do have a alternate scene that happen to be my favourite . give a chance , I would still do that instead of this . in my favour beginning , farhan be a linguist and be in the middle of a conversation between two head of State at the UN . he be the interpreter . he 331 leave this session to meet rancho and this two man be leave in the lurch . there be a lot of comedy that emerge from linguistics but we do not have enough time to develop it so we go along with the airplane scene . the airplane scene be also more dramatic . but this thing be a matter of exploration . one explore multiple possibility and then choose the one that best work for the film . Joy 's suicide be a critical point of debate . there be draft that have it and several that do not . its inclusion be probably most fiercely debate in the entire screenplay . it be feel that this be too dark a incident for this film or that it might dilute the revelation of virus 's son 's death be a suicide . what be the think behind the suicide scene and the reason for place it within 20 minute of get into the film ? VC : there be a lot of back and forth that happen over this . I have serious doubt about whether we should include this or not . but what convinced I be that this give motivation to rancho 's character . raju take it a step further by add a montage and a voice - over at the editing stage . there be a small montage with farhan 's voice - over talk about rancho and he quirky personality and from there the voice - over say , '' ek aur tha bilkul rancho jaisa . '' and we cut to Joy . this voice - over that raju introduce at the editing table , integrate the Joy track into the script . otherwise , it would have be too much of a jump . it also illustrate that a brilliant guy like rancho can go one way or the other . he can either become phunsukh wangdu or become so deject by see mediocrity flourish around he that he give up on life . rh : Joy 's suicide be throw out and bring back innumerable time . abhijat and I be very keen to keep it as we feel that the conflict in the film would start from there , otherwise it would just be a fun film without anything substantial in it . Vinod and aamir feel that it should not be there . they think that it be too dark and grim . it be a jarring inclusion in the film . but abhijat and I be convinced that this have to be there . this go on for a long time . in fact , we only get it back into the script a month before the shoot start ( September 2008 ) . but the debate over it continue and then finally the montage and the voice - over during the edit , settle the matter . earlier , the rancho montage be not there in the film . we have not even plan to keep it . nevertheless , I shot it . simply , so that if I ever feel like revive it , then it could be do . the feedback after the first screen of the film we organised for a sample audience reveal that rancho be a mad genius be not come across . I add the montage then and , link 332 it with Joy 's introduction by that voice -over , make Joy both integral to the plot and also leat he credibility . aj : Joy 's suicide be the spine of the film . the second -half revelation be climatic device . but Joy 's suicide be what make rancho realise that pressure to perform be the killer and it have to be fight . it be this belief that take rancho 's character and the story forward . otherwise , why be he do the thing that he be do ? the first half of the film would become insubstantial if we take out the suicide . the challenge be to put this thing that worry we about the system right on top so that we know what rancho be fight , and the film be save from sink under the weight of this intense scene . the interval point be a bit of a shock . the tone of the scene and the treatment be unlike the rest of the film . there be other interval point discuss as well before arrive at this one . how do this come about ? rh : I want the fact that rancho be a imposter to be reveal earlier in the film . I feel if we stretch revealing this till the interval , then it would seem that this very rich kid have come into a college and be have fun . I feel that the audience need to be tell as quickly in the film as possible that he be a imposter because it would get the audience to feel for he . so in the earlier draft , we come out of the flashback one more time in the first half to reveal that rancho be not actually rancho but a imposter . then we go back into the flashback and there be a different interval point ( farhan and raju discover that pia be get marry be one of the option consider ) . but after a lot of think and work on the script , I feel that the interval would be a great point to reveal that rancho be not rancho but a imposter . sometimes , I still feel that it might have be better to reveal this earlier even though what we eventually put in the film be a great interval point . in the end , this be choice that one make . so once it be settle that this be go to be the interval point , we narrate it to Vinod . he suggest that we add the element of the college photograph have a different face on rancho . this appeal to I as it enhance the scene . VC : unlike the West , indian cinema do not follow the three - act structure which be a two - act deal . it be a very unusual way of watch movie . no one else across the world watch film like this — you see one part of the film , break for samosas and chai , then you watch the rest of the film . this make the interval point extremely critical . therefore , one must invest a lot of think in where the break would happen . in this film , my think process be focuss on the level of interest of 333 the audience when they would go and buy they popcorn . basically , they eagerness to come back to find out what happen next in the film be vital . when I make the suggestion , I do not think that raju would retain it . it lend a thriller - like quality to the twist . I feel that the audience would enjoy the suspense . the first time I tell raju , he say he like it but I do not believe anything raju say in the evening . it be a age - old joke between we that I be the ' in - the moment guy 's and he be the ' next morning guy 's . he like to mull over and think over all the option . he make up he mind only after that . so I always go with what raju feel about thing the next morning and not on the evening that they be suggest . I be happy that he retain it . the film initially end with this people find rancho teach in Ladakh in a school , lead a simple happy life do what he love do . phunsukh ' wangdu be not in the film at all . how do the idea of phunsukh wangdu fall into place ? rh : yes , that be true . phunsukh wangdu be not in the film earlier . the film end with farhan , raju , and pia reach Ladakh and discover that rancho teach in this fascinating little school and that be he success . whatever he want to do , he do it . but we feel that maybe the audience would not understand this . they would probably say that ' yaar khush to hain , lekin paise to kam kamaata hai to '' ( he might be happy but he earn very little money ) . we feel that to make the audience understand , we have to show he to be successful in the conventional way . this be the reason we add the phunsukh wangdu , covete - scientist angle and backtrack to plant he in the film . this be where chatur 's quest emerge . he be show to be look for someone in the entire film and at the end the man he be search for be rancho . the idea be to show a man live a simple life out of choice . rancho have the option of signing a deal with anyone and rake in million but he have choose to do differently . we feel this would help the audience understand thing better . another reason be that we keep feel that the climax be not great . it seem that we climax be the delivery and then we be just wrapping up the film in Ladakh . it feel weak . we , however , be do a lot of thing in Ladakh . first , we be show a unusual school . as farhan , raju , and pia enter the school , they see ( a entire scene be there intially ) that a race be go on , kid be run and one kid fall down . instead of carry on , all the kid run back to pick he up and then proceed to finish the rest of the race . this guy look at each 334 other and say that this can only be rancho 's school . chatur 's electrocution scene initially have millimeter in it . so all this material be there but this piece be not come together to result in a spectacular end to the film . when we find phunsukh wangdu , thing start fall into place . but to clean this up and to get it all together at the end take we a lot of time . finally , it evolve to become a big twist at the end . we solve the phunsukh wangdu riddle in we head in goa . abhijat be on a write visit to Mumbai . I receive a call to attend the Film Festival in goa ( iffi , end 2007 ) . we decide to travel to goa for two day on this pretext . any reason to get away from Mumbai and write . we stay at the same hotel as the one where we have shot the lage raho song with the old people . abhijat get very excited about it . he have this fascination for revisit place that have a context . except for the chief minister 's party the night we have arrive , we do not attend the festival at all . we take a long walk on the beach the day we arrive and phunsukh wangdu fall into place . it be quite magical and we be very happy with the climax after that . phunsukh wangdu , the real identity of rancho , be reveal at the end . the point of revelation that rancho be actually phunsukh wangdu be something you battle with for over a year . what make you decide the final route ? rh : this be a tough one to decide . we be unsure of this right up till the day before we shot the scene . abhijat and I feel that it should be reveal the moment the friend reunite , before chatur 's arrival . by do this , we would have reveal this to the audience that rancho be phunsukh wangdu , the man chatur be chase and chatur 's dialogue and demeanour with rancho after this revelation would become even more hilarious to the audience as they would know that he would be in for a real shock when he find out that rancho be phunsukh . but both aamir and madhavan be of the view that the revelation should happen at the end so that the film end on a high note . they feel that revealing it earlier would weaken this dramatic twist . this be when the tussle start . abhijat and I resist for a long time but aamir and madhavan be so vehement and insistent that it become a question in we mind also . when I be in Ladakh for the shoot , I start to feel that maybe they suggestion hold some weight . maybe the surprise at the end would be a great way to end the film . so I change it and rewrote it in Ladakh a day before the shoot . frankly , I still do not know which route be better . actually , it be a matter of interpretation . both route be correct in they own way . 335 chatur 's speech scene be a complete departure from the raju hirani sensibility and the overall vcf sensibility . there be also varied opinion about the shloka at the end of the speech . be there any apprehension at the time of write this ? rh : I be aware that what we be do with this film , we have not do before . there be also complete awareness of the fact that we might be pan for use what people might label as toilet humour . there be rag scene with boy in they underwear . the language be of a certain quality and other thing as well , but while write , we realise that the campus world we have create would look completely false if we do not use the language , the irreverence of youth , and the whole college milieu while create it . this be the way this world be and , therefore , we job be to stay true to this world . this be the necessity of this world . this scene we crack when abhijat and I be in Columbus , Ohio ( April 2007 ) . the decision that rancho will change chatur 's speech be already in place but we have not work out the detail of the scene yet . we decide to make it more challenging for ourselves . it would have be easy to change the entire speech but if only a few word be to be change , then it would have be tough . therefore , the challenge be to write a speech that , if keep in its original format , sound great but if you be to change just a few word in it , then it would become completely different . we struggle for many day to find the right word . we have think about many word and many idea but nothing be good enough . we want it to rhyme too . one day , we be out for a drive and we hit upon chamatkar 's and ' balatkar 's . but after use this a few time , we feel that we need a change because carry a entire speech only on a single word change might get monotonous so the hunt for the second word start . I be in Ohio then , visit abhijat . we be out for a walk when the second word strike we ( dhan 's and ' ttan ) . abhijat 's daughter anoushka ( age 12 ) be also with we . while abhijat and I be talk , we crack this and abhijat almost fall down laugh . we be both in split but we could not share this with anoushka . the shloka at the end be another story . it be not there in the scene . while write the screenplay , we have rent a small farmhouse in pune where we use to go and write very often . during one of we write sojourn in this farmhouse , in some other context and not in the context of this speech scene , abhijat tell I this shloka . laugh to the point of tear . I decide there and then that I want it in the speech scene and it be incorporate at the end of the scene . since chatur already have this trait of farting and be call silencer by everyone , the shloka fitte 336 in perfectly . but Vinod feel we should take it out . later , even abhijat feel the same . but I be very keen to retain it . during the edit , Vinod say that the scene be too long and we should take out the shloka but vir ( Vinod 's elder brother ) who see the scene be in split and do not want I to touch it . I really want it to be in the film so I be happy that eventually everyone come around to it . VC : ( blush ) I be very shocked by that shloka . but vir love it and I test it through screening on other people and they die laugh too . my objection have nothing to do with sensibility because as raju say , one have to adopt the sensibility of the film and not some general sensibility . therefore , there be no sensibility issue here . I just feel that the scene be get too long and might be a bit of a stretch . my biggest concern be always that the audience should not be bored . aj : the speech scene be hilarious but I must say that it be not in the script just as a set piece for humour . it be the illustration and the turn point for the clash of the ideology which be the key element in the film . rancho protest against rote learn that we education system encourage . he be completely against it . the ' definition of a machine 's scene introduce that . the speech scene illustrate the ill of follow blindly without understanding the meaning of thing . it show that chatur be end -orient whereas rancho worry about the journey . with the speech , the battle of the philosophy become a open battle . right after this scene , we have the scene where chatur and rancho lay a bet to meet after ten year to see who be more successful . the speech scene leat to the progression of this theme in the film . the shloka at the end be another story . I know that if I tell raju this , he would immediately want it in the film and that be what happen . later in the edit , I too be unsure about it like Vinod and like he say , it be not because of any sensibility issue . it be because I feel that rancho probably would not meddle with the speech to this extent . he would change just two word and that would be enough for he to drive the point home . but I be glad that raju and vir prevaile in the end because the shloka be the pitce de résistance of the speech scene ( laugh ) . the delivery scene have invite a lot of mix reaction from a section of the audience . I remember you tell I that you begin this film by first decide on the climax because that be a huge challenge you face while write lage raho ? frankly , what be you people think when you decide on this as the conclude episode in the film ? 337 rh : the origin of this scene be from munna bhai m.b.b.s.1 have think of this scene where munna get admission into medical college . he have only do this to spite asthana . he have no other motivation to study at a medical college other than he disdain for asthana . one night , he be roam the street with circuit . they be drunk . munna be wear the doctor 's white jacket so that he feel like a doctor . there be a Mumbai bandh 's that day . both of they be crossing a chawl . a boy come run out of the chawl and be hunt for a auto-rickshaw . his mother be pregnant and she water just break . he have to rush she to the hospital or find a doctor . he spot munna and drag munna into the chaw / because he think that munna be a doctor . this guy have no idea what to do but somehow they get through the delivery . the idea behind the scene be to get munna to realise the value and responsibility of doctor . the moment he hold the newborn , this would have hit he . now , he would really want to study medicine . the script underwent many change and this route be abandon . I have tell abhijat about it . while write 3 idiot , like I tell you earlier , we be determine to first decide the climax . abhijat and I talk a lot when we be write so this be one of the scene I mention again and abhijat say , '' why do not we use this here ? '' rancho could apply engineering for the delivery . this think combine with a short story I have read somewhere about a man who use to talk to he baby while he be still in he mother 's womb , connect with pia 's sister and ' aal izz well 's , we climax , start take shape . then , we spend a lot of time with gynaecologist to make it authentic . it become a big joke in office . whenever Vinod use to come to office and ask for we , he be tell that we have go to the gynaecologist . everyone tease we endlessly about we visit to gynaecologist . one of my friend have introduce we to Dr. sejal desai who become we guide while write this scene . she tell we about the various procedure by which a baby could be deliver . the only procedure which could be combine with engineering be the suction method . a lot of people think that this cannot happen but the scene be totally authentic and it be possible to deliver a baby like this . at every step , we consult the doctor and , in a way , we write the scene with they . a lot of work , a lot of research , and a lot of time be spend on this . even during the shoot , the doctor be there and constantly monitoring what be happen and how it be be depict . this be not one of that up in the air , fantasy thing that we have put in the film for the sake of a great climax . you have often refer to the three scene that constitute this continuous chunk in the film as the soul of 3 idiot : raju 's job interview , farhan 's conversation 338 with he father , and rancho break down when they come and tell he about they triumph . this scene have several rewrite before they take the final form in which they be in the film . why do you feel that this chunk be the essence of 3 idiot ? rh : this be the moment in the film I be most attach to and they make I very emotional . even while narrate this scene , I would often get choke with emotion . in a way , I feel , they be the crux of the film . I have always be fond of a underdog succeed . I like hope . I see victory in hope . be happy , go and do whatever you want without fear . this be what one want to say about life . we have to put a lot of work into this scene . for example , a lot of back and forth happen in order to elevate the interview scene to the level we aim to take it to . it be write and rewritten several time . initially , raju rastogi be only say thing about fear , god , and superstition and he use to get the job . I feel that the scene be flat . it lack punch and impact . then we hit upon the ' attitude 's angle which transformed the scene completely . how this happen be quiet remarkable as well . I have read a chicken soup story about a small boy who be ask by he teacher to write a essay about what he want to become . the boy write he essay describe he dream , of own a ranch one day with thousand of horse . the teacher be not impressed and tell he to alter this unrealistic aim to a more practical one . he tell he to aspire for something more achievable as the boy come from too poor a background to ever achieve this dream . he also threaten to fail he in the assignment if it be not alter . the boy come the next day and again submit the same assignment . the teacher be furious now . he tell he that he will surely get a F on this assignment . the boy say , '' you can keep you F Sir and I will keep my dream . '' I be very move by this story . I narrate it to abhijat and be itching to use it somewhere . for a year , the subconscious think be to apply this somewhere in the script but we could never find the right moment or place for it . in the end , in a different form , it be use in this scene . I think the think here be of preserve what define you . once you be willing to give that up , then that be the first step towards lose you identity and you dream . farhan 's confrontation with he father , apart from write it , be also not a easy scene to execute . even in the write of it , initially , I be not entirely satisfied with the trigger that make the father come around . I feel maybe farhan have to say more , do more . something here be not work for I . also , I be very unsure about execute the father 's change of heart . the tone , the block , the pitch , everything have to be perfect for this scene to work . I express all of this to 339 abhijat . I be very restless about this . he reassure I and say that he would do something . he write this entire scene on he own and mail it to I . what click be this gesture he suggest for farhan . the father get very angry during they conversation and come and sit down on a chair . farhan go up to he father and kneel down before he and talk to he . it be this act of deference and total submission that elevate the scene . if you notice , the tone of the scene be not of rebellion but of persuasion . farhan be ask for permission ; he be not inform he parent . he be appeal to they to let he live he dream . if they would not have come around , he would have sacrifice he dream . lastly , the scene where rancho break down be not there in the film earlier . if you look at it , there be no need for it technically because after this two scene ( raju 's job interview and farhan 's conversation with he father ) , we could have go straight to the barber shave off virus 's moustache as he have lose the bet . but I have always feel that when there be a emotion this potent , it have to play out in full . you need to see the aftermath , otherwise it appear abrupt . the trick to pace a film be as much in speed it up as in slow it down and let it breathe when the screenplay demand it . I write this scene to bring the emotion in the earlier scene to its rightful conclusion . but when we shot the scene that in its original form have raju and farhan come and hug rancho and he break down , I be not satisfied . I call abhijat and ask he about what he think of they take off they pants and say , '' jahanpanah , tussi great ho , '' to rancho . earlier this be to happen right at the end when they reunite in Ladakh . abhijat like the idea and we change it on location . we remove it from the climax of the film and bring it up to this point . instead of this boy , now chatur take off he pants at the end and say , '' jahanpanah , tussi great ho . tohfa kabool karo . '' there seem to be a design to the way 3 idiot have be write . the drama be carefully balanced with laughter . the audience do not cave in under the weight of any scene . be this intentional ? rh : this be a inherent trait in all my film . if I have my way , I would package everything with laughter . I believe in the world that I create in my film . one can choose to be cynical or one can choose to look at thing differently . if you really analyse the emotional , dramatic scene , you will notice that they incite tear of happiness and hope and not of despair and loss except for Joy 's suicide . I hate 340 sadness in film . so more than design , this happen because of the way we look at the world : we belief , experience , and idea . aj : I agree with raju but it be still gratify to see that after every dramatic scene , we manage to diffuse the tension by make people laugh within minute . in term of craft , this be a massive challenge . it can ruin a film if not do seamlessly and effortlessly . we inspiration for this be the lion King . mufasa 's death be this dark , hard -hitting , unforgettable , and memorable moment but exactly two minute later you be transport to the world of ' hakuna matata 's . we shed tear with simba , we be move and stir but two minute later we be sing '' hakuna matata 's with joy and hope . most screenplays would dwell on a event like mufasa 's death for at least ten minute . you ( raju and abhijat ) collaboration begin during lage raho munna bhai . it continue through 3 idiot and now you be write another film together . it be a delicate relationship where many thing have to come together for it to become productive . how do it work for both of you ? aj : raju and I share the same sensibility . we approach , we idea , the path that we want to take , be all the same . when raju and I write , the path that we follow be completely non-linear . we start with write the scene that we value . it be a nightmare later to string they together and beat they into a narrative . but the magic of this method be that once you do this , you have , as writer , follow such a unknown path that the audience have no chance of second guess the trajectory of the film . so we first follow the magic and pen down what we treasure most and then apply reason and bind it together . it be a rare and wonderful meeting of mind . rh : I spend more time with he than I do with my wife . I wish he be a woman ( laugh ) . apart from he be a good writer and we sensibility be the same ( we be both from small town and we have share similar experience ; we reference point be the same ) , the quality I most enjoy and admire in abhijat be that he do not defend he scene . most writer spend a huge chunk of they time defend they scene . if I want something do differently , he understand my point of view . this do not mean that he be not passionate about what he write or do not believe in he scene but it simply mean that he be ready to explore . he have a positive aura . secondly , I do not have to walk on eggshell with he . that be a huge relief . in cinema , you waste a lot of time , precious time , deal with ego because 341 everyone you be deal with be a artist . you have to think of way and mean to convey you opinion without hurt people or offend they . this house - keep I do not have to do with he . I can say what I feel without hesitation and without any sugar-coate . it save we a tremendous amount of time . and most importantly , abhijat do not give up . we could have be through a million draft but he do not get fatigue by the evolve screenplay . he keep at it . I be the same so I know that this stem from tremendous passion . even if the shoot be on and thing need to be change , he have that faith in I and I in he that if it make the film better , we will do whatever it take . this synergy be rare . before abhijat and I start work together , I never think that I would need a write partner or I could work with a write partner but now I feel it be essential to have one . the process of screenwrite and direct hold such mystery that many find it hard to figure out where to start . what would you suggestion be to student aspire to write and direct they material ? rh : I believe that formal education in some form be essential to a extent . one do not have to enrol in a institute or course necessarily but other mode of learn like read , watch theatre and film can help you gather the tool and grammar that will enable you to write and make film . but what be most critical to preserve be the faculty to think from you heart . once you get into theory which be important , we tend to lose the innocence with which film be watch earlier . we tend to view they only with a eye on the craft : there come the central conflict ; that be the hurdle in the plot ; lense just change ; and a crane be use for this shot , and so on , be what we start focuss on . we start view film purely from the perspective of craft . the ability to think from the heart and appreciate a film honestly vanish . for I , to keep this faculty to think from the heart alive be the biggest battle . this be what lead to honest work . the other thing be to try to bring in fresh idea . it be very tough to do that this day but the effort should be there to achieve this . aj : I feel that novelty of idea be paramount . anything you be write or attempt to write should not have the sound of something that have be do a hundred time before . the approach that though it have be do before but I will write it so well that it will work , accord to I , do not work . you need to feel strongly about the idea that you choose and you need to believe in it . it must sound unique to you to begin with . once you have settle on the idea , the element of time come in . a screenplay demand a lot of time and patience . the write process , in case 342 quality be the goal , can not be rush . therefore , you must be prepare to devote that time . at least two to three year . once this two commitment be make , then for the first two or three month you must not write . you must mull over the idea . where do I want to go with this think ? what be I try to say ? who be the character in my story ? why be what I be say worth say ? why should I be write this at all ? this be the question you should spend time answer in this initial month . once you have convincingly answer this for yourself , you should start the write process . a good technique be to keep two screenplays go at the same time . it help sometimes . you might love some moment but they do not work for a screenplay so you can always put they in the other one you be work on or save they for some other story in the future . so you do not hang on to you darling . but more than two screenplays at a time be a distraction . VC : the only process and method I know be consistent , relentless , passionate , and focuss hard work . let I tell you a secret . talent , as be the popular belief , be not inborn . it be something you have to work for . if you work hard enough , you can achieve anything . that be the key to it all . — smriti kiran 343 thing of beauty a thing of beauty be a joy forever ... — John keat praise this world to the angel ... show he some simple thing , refashion by age after age , till it life in we hand and eye as a part of ourselves . — Rainer Maria rilke Three minute of cinema time ... a young lady who hate she father 's archenemy and furiously confront he must within the next three minute break off she engagement with she fiancé , fall hopelessly in love with the same archenemy , and convincingly fantasise sing a rain - drench love song with he . the girl be pia ; the nemesis she must confront be rancho ; the fiancé she must plunk be suhas , the price tag ; and the song she must sing be '' Zoobi doobi 's . the question be : how do we achieve this sea change within three minute of cinema time ? raju and I ponder over this question in New York City over two cup of tea . we know with absolute certainty that we can not spend a single extra minute garnish the love story . we screenplay , complete except for this one problem , be already half - an- hour longer than we would ideally want . and the placement of the love song be particularly precarious : around the 75th minute into the film , a time when most people be itching to leave either for the restroom or for some popcorn . if the screenplay sag even for a second before the song , audience the world over would end up use the song as a restroom break . and if they do so , they would not return from such a mass exodus in time for the interval point , the biggest twist and the most crucial plot- point of the story . we can not let they go for a break . which mean pia must fall in love with she archenemy in no time at all . but how ? in Shakespeare 's Richard III , princess Anne go to slay she husband 's murderer Richard , only to get engage to he in the same scene , mesmerise by he allure . Richard later boast : '' be ever a woman in this humor woo ? be ever a woman in this humor win ? '' remind raju of the scene . raju wryly remind I that we be not Shakespeare . Point take . so how do lesser mortal achieve this effect ? through some mundane , everyday thing . some simple object , refashion age after age . in this case , it 's go to be pia 's watch . in they first meeting , rancho have see pia be reprimand by she brand - obsessed fiancé for wear a cheap watch at she sister 's wedding . when we write that scene , we have not see the potential of the watch as a / eitmotif . now , in New York City , where I have follow raju from Columbus on the last leg of he US trip in the hope that we can crack the pia-rancho track before he departure to India , we decide to play with the watch and see what happen . what happen be a little miracle that a screenwriter encounter once in about three or four year . open salvo with the watch : it help rancho deflate pia 's fiancé with one swift ' demo : rancho hide the expensive watch that the fiancé have just buy for pia and tell he that she have lose it . this simple ruse bring rush to the fore all the maniacal materialism , brand -obsession , price - consciousness , and the sheer rudeness of the fiancé . moment later , stunne and insulted , pia break off the engagement . salvo two : rancho have vanquish pia 's fiancé but not yet win she over . it happen in a instant , through a single innocuous remark . he congratulate pia for show the courage in break off with she fiancé and point out that ' ab tum jab chaho apni maa ki ghadi pehan sakti ho '' ( now you be free to wear you mom 's watch ) . this single sentence cause a explosion in pia 's cognitive universe . in a flash , it alter she perception , memory , reason , and finally she judgment . how do rancho know that the cheap watch she be wear at she sister 's wedding once belong to she mother ? because he could reason that the bride 's sister , otherwise dress opulently , 348 could be wear one object so humble only for its sentimental value . ergo he possess sensitivity and tenderness that she have never suspect he do ! salvo three : the next time pia meet rancho , she hold out she wrist — she be wear she mother 's watch . without a single word , through the semiotics of that one gesture , she convey to he that she have forgiven he he ruthless deconstruction and debunk of she father 's and she fiancé 's philosophy , embrace he value and be now firmly in he camp . in fact , she love he . thus , the watch help we tide over one of the trickiest plot point that have threaten to derail we screenplay . even more importantly , it infuse rancho 's character with one quality that set he apart from almost all character before he in indian cinema — authenticity . when pia 's fiancé be ranting about the astronomical price of the lose limited edition watch , rancho gently retort , '' meri to dhai sau ki hai yaar , lekin time wohi batati hai '' ( mine be inexpensive , but show the same time ) . [ this be a incident that we borrow almost verbatim from vidhu Vinod chopra 's life , when as a young and struggle student , he could not ignore the slight about he humble watch from a affluent relative . ) this remark by rancho be emblematic of he authentic nature and the very first over declaration of one of he many priority : value over price , passion over pragmatism , excellence over success , understanding over information , communication over jargon , education over training , knowledge over diploma , and a mother 's watch over a limited - edition watch ! all we ask of the watch be to save we a few minute . what it gift we be the kernel , the essence , the very nucleus of the film . strangely , we stumble on the extraordinary potential of object through a problem that we face very early in the screenplay , a problem that be every writer 's nightmare : a big cliché . the scene : the director 's motivational speech to the freshmen on they first day at college . audience around the world have hear and witness such spiel a zillion time , range from the great bombast in patton and full Metal jacket to the lamest offering from the trashiest of campus flick . Tom stoppard , the great English playwright , come to the rescue . not in person , but in spirit — boleto chetana . stoppard thrive on introduce bizarre object into he play and later provide perfectly plausible explanation for they . one of he 349 play begin with a man open the door of he apartment with shave foam on he face , a bow and a arrow in one hand and a tortoise in the other to find a policeman carry a bouquet of flower stand outside . soon enough , stoppard give we a entirely convincing reason for this outlandish spectacle . inspire by stoppard 's virtuosity , the cuckoo 's nest , complete with the fake bird atop it , be bear . the director carry this strange object in he hand as he stride down the impose corridor . the audience wonder about the logic of this peculiar object , till in he speech , the director link it with competition that abound in nature : a hoel kill off its competition by push the host bird 's egg out of the nest . as the audience get involved in the story of the koe / and ruthless competition , we have successfully negate a big cliché . later in the same scene , instead of end the speech with rhetoric or polemics , we take it to its climax with another object : the director take out a gleam astronaut 's pen , hold it up enticingly as the ultimate trophy for the student . through rancho 's healthy disrespect for the pen , and he archrival chatur 's salivate regard for it , we be able to immediately and wordlessly set up the clash between two conflict philosophy : obsession with success versus excellence . once again , a inanimate object be help we not merely to scale over a plot hurdle but in intensify the film as a comedy of idea . since one speech be serve so ably by two diverse object , raju and I intuitively grasp that inanimate object would play a seminal role in the story . in fact , as I have lately grow fond of say , they would form the DNA of the film . for lage raho munna bhai , we have discover about halfway through the scripting process that the DNA of the film be ' olta kar 's or do the opposite — the principal of inversion . for constraint of space , I can only give one quick example of this . ' when munna be ask how to deal with a boy who desecrate Gandhi 's statue , from behind he bapu answer : '' give more stone to the lad , tell he to topple all my statue . '' this be clearly inverse to the answer that the audience be likely to postulate in they head and therefore highly intrigue because they cannot second guess what will follow . throughout lage raho munna bhai , whenever in trouble , we have summon this principal of inversion . for Broken horse , another screenplay I co-authore with Vinod , the DNA be memory ; the childhood memory of a mentally challenge character . whenever face with major dilemma , he summon not he faculty of reason but the faculty of reminiscence : what he parent teach he when he be little . in every major dramatic scene , we find ourselves rely utterly on memory for solution . 350 for 3 idiot , which be be write at the same time as Broken horse , we realise that the DNA be object . object mark the comic and the tragic , the dramatic and the philosophical beat of the film with equal felicity . to chronicle the genesis of each object that serve we so valiantly for transfuse red corpuscle into we scene would fill a book longer than the screenplay . but here be the briefest account of we extend encounter with thing . the comic object the empty gift envelope , the mound of food on the plate of three friend , and most crucially , the mint chutney be irreplaceable for the comic flavour of the scene where rancho gatecrash pia 's sister 's wedding . of this , the mint chutney prove to be a powerful motif . rancho first drop it on suhas 's shoe to determine they price . we go on to use it in three more scene : a . in the song ' Zoobi doobi 's where pia imagine rancho as a chef eulogise the virtue of the '' ever-useful mint chutney that , apart from be delicious , also reveal a man 's character . '' B . the scene where a drunken pia barge into rancho 's room and he , scrupulously small town , offer she dhokla with mint chutney to distract she from she amorous advance . this lead to the memorable line about the menace name of innocuous gujarati food item like dhokla , fafda , thepla that sound like missile to pia . C . the scene of pia 's wedding , when to stop the groom from head for the altar , raju rastogi iron he clothes with a iron drench in mint chutney . as promise , the chutney reveal the groom 's character instantly as pia hear he scream out the price of he ruin wedding dress . we most innovative comic object , however , be not the mint chutney . the pride of that place must go to a object so humble , so self - efface that most people would not even remember it — the heart - rate monitor in the hospital where raju rastogi lay in a coma after he suicidal ' high jump 's . this object serve a extraordinary purpose . it save reel no. 7 of the film from become so grave , heavy , and weighty that it could have sink the entire film . this , by far , be we favourite reel of the film . it start with the director 's brutal act of compelling rastogi to type the letter of he own rustication — a act that drive rastogi into attempt suicide and culminate , after rastogi 's recovery , in the twin movement of farhan convincing he father that 351 he do not want to become a engineer and rastogi successfully face a crucial job interview . this reel be clearly the heart of 3 idiot . the problem be that scene after overwhelmingly move scene , this be also by far the grimmest , darkest , and the longest ( about 20 minute ) reel of the film . we desperately need to bring some levity , some joy to this beat of the story . since the searing dramatic scene allow no scope for comic maneuver , we come up with what I consider to be the most dare and audacious trick of we screenwrite career — we decide to lace the musical interlude of the song ' jaane nahi denge tujhe 's with comedy . but hold on ! swanand kirkere have write that stanzas so movingly and sonu nigam have sung they with such unbridle emotionalism that how the hell can we bring in comedy into the interlude ? well , with the help of the little heart- rate monitor . know that rastogi 's brain respond to voice despite the coma , rancho begin to tell outrageous and funny lie to he to try and revive he . though the idea be comic , we realise that it would fall flat since the lie would not elicit a response from the coma-stricken rastogi . this be where the heart - rate monitor step in . whenever rastogi respond to anything that be say , he heart rate increase and the graph on the monitor alter . the dance of this graph start draw laughter from the audience at every screen . the more outrageous the lie or the action , the more vibrant the externalisation of rastogi 's inner thought . when rancho finally utter the most outrageous lie that poor farhan would marry rastogi 's sister without any dowry , the seismic dance of the white graph reach a frenzied climax . the next moment the coma-stricken patient 's right hand move . life return to he limb , hope return to he friend 's heart and we , the writer , about to lose we comic license for non-use , get a fresh lease of life . thank you , monitor ! apart from this major object , there be many minor one that come fleetingly into the film to help we find chuckle , guffaw , and occasionally , that big explosive theatre - shaking laughter that make the year of the screenwriter 's toil totally worthwhile : the spoon at the end of the rod that rancho improvise to electrocute the urinate senior ; the single grey hair that be knead into the flour as the friend be eat rotis at the rastogi house ; chatur 's hand - crafy biscuit from San Francisco that he so jealously guard for phunsukh wangdu , the comic device that enable we to weave in the wangdu track without draw attention to it ; the urn of ash that the friend so shockingly and irreverently waylay and through the threat of immersing the ash in the sewer , blackmail the fake rancho into revealing the secret 352 of the real rancho be a imposter , thus enable we to make a long exposition dramatic and funny . pia 's helmet help we negate the sentimentality and cliché of rancho 's dream [ '' pia , tum roz dulhan ke costume mein scooter pe baith kar mere sapne mein aati ho . ghoongat ki jagah apna helmet uthaati ho .... '' ( every night you ride into my dream on you scooter , dress as a bride . instead of the veil , you lift you helmet ... ) ] and last but not least , the two key to the director 's office that be flung at farhan , one by rancho and the other by the director , one from a dear friend and the other from a dread foe , one steal and the other legitimate but both throw at he with the same aim : to save a human life . the Dramatic object a chopper with a surveillance camera mount atop , rise in the air and soar . it seem to embody the joy and goodwill of the entire campus in its flight . with the crowd beneath give it rouse cheer , it continue upwards like shelley 's skylark — '' soaring doth thou sing , and sing ever soarest . '' rancho , remote in he hand , guide this invention to the window of its originator , Joy lobo , hope to catch he astonishment and euphoria on the mount camera ... and Joy lobo hang from the ceiling fan , a failure in he own eye . his most brilliant success , the fly camera , hover outside he window , recode the inescapable evidence of he flight from this world . this be the biggest turn point in the film . from this point on , rancho , though a imposter , live under a alias and hence keen on keep a low profile , take off he glove and take on the system . I be ashamed to admit that for one full year , for the first five or six draft of the screenplay , we have something as lame as sleep pill as the mean of Joy 's demise . peel off a few draft of the screenplay , and what you stare at be pure mediocrity ! a few ring , a wheelchair , a laptop , and a letter , this simple object provide we with the bulwark for the most important beat of the story in 3 idiot — the twin movement where raju rastogi , a change man after he suicide attempt , fearlessly face a job interview and farhan , unyield but loving , win he father 's blessing for leave engineering and embrace photography . without the aid of object , the scene would have need so many line of dialogue to convey the complex emotion that they would have degenerate into sermon . object help we slash the dialogue and deepen the emotion . 353 before face the job interview , raju rastogi take off he lucky ring that embody all he superstition and fear and discard they in a metallic bedpan . clang ! wordlessly , with that mutinous clang , the hitherto weak man have trash he old fearful self . later , the wheelchair be crucial to the scene when he face the interview panel . more than what he have lose , the wheelchair represent what he have gain : '' dono taange tudvaake apne pairon pe khada rahena seekha hai '' ( it take two break leg to get I up on my foot ) . the same scene , without change a single line of dialogue , with rastogi sit in a ordinary chair would never have have the same impact . a laptop versus a letter — that be the essence of the encounter between farhan and he father . the letter be farhan 's dream , write five year ago to he revere photographer request apprenticeship but never post for fear of break he father 's heart . rancho send it out without farhan 's knowledge and lo ! the photographer answer , invite farhan to the brazilian rainforest to work with he . now farhan stand at two divergent road , one that lead he to engineering and the other to he passion , photography . which one will he take ? at this very moment , farhan 's father be proudly show he mother the brand new laptop , a gift for farhan , in anticipation of a plush new engineering job . the laptop represent the recompense for all the sacrifice and hardship that the father have undertake for the education of he son and all he solid and conservative hope of a good life for he son . in this sense , the laptop be the exact opposite of the sense of adventure , uncertainty and passion that the letter represent . the scene become the battleground for two disparate philosophy through two commonplace object . when farhan , without a ounce of anger or bitterness , with immense love and respect , make he father see the validity of he argument , the letter win . the father tell the mother to return the laptop and buy a professional camera for he son . another such scene where two rival philosophy clash appear earlier in the film — the scene of the vital bet between chatur and rancho . it be a clash not of individual but of priority and value : chatur 's obsession with success versus rancho 's respect for excellence . the rival decide on a date ten year later , when they will meet and compare note on who win and who lose . while there be no over use of object in the scene , we achieve the ' concretisation 's or the ' solidification 's effect through get chatur to carve out a date on the mossy wall of the terrace . by be engrave on the wall , the date become tangible , solid , permanent . it receive a import that it lack when it be merely uttere verbally in earlier draft . chatur carve the date not merely on the wall but also on the psyche of the audience . 354 perhaps the most tell example of this ' solidification 's or ' concretisation 's of a scene be the interval point of the film . both raju and I be extremely proud of we twist : afier a long and eventful journey , the friend seem to reach rancho , but when farhan put he hand on the man 's shoulder , the man who turn and look at they be not they friend . it be a complete stranger . the friend be shocked . intermission . when we narrate this scene to Vinod , he do not share we enthusiasm . he be uneasy and restless till he realise what he be miss in the scene . a tangible deepen of the mystery . Vinod feel that without solid evidence of some kind , the audience might take the encounter with the wrong man as some minor misunderstanding , a communication gaffe that might soon be sort out . so he add a few extra second to we scene : afier meeting the stranger , farhan see on the wall , a group photo of the classmate , feature all three friend but the place where rancho sit in the real photo be now occupy by this total stranger . the wrong man . intermission . the inanimate photo provide the scene with the final turn of the screw . the nebulous mystery suddenly become concrete . the plot thicken . be I read too much into this concept of ' solidification 's or ' concretisation 's through object ? be I zealously overanalysing a moot point ? be there no major scene in 3 idiot that do not rely on object ? wrong . in fact , the most famous scene of the film , chatur 's speech that go outrageously wrong [ chamatkar versus balatkar , dhan versus sttun ] rely entirely on wordplay . so do my favorite scene : rancho 's deliberately obscure , whimsical , and wooly - head definition of book [ '' Instruments that record , analyse , summarise , organise , debate and explain information ; that be illustrate , non-illustrated , hard - bound , paperback , jackete , non-jacketed ; with foreword , introduction , table - of -content , index ; that be intend for the enlightenment , understanding , enrichment , enhancement and education of the human brain through the sensory route of vision . sometimes touch . '' ] in both this scene we relied exclusively on verbal dexterity . in one instance crude , in the other , sophisticated . do this scene , then , constitute the antithesis of my argument ? hardly . because this scene , if anything , serve to demonstrate the devastating effect of the lack of ' concrete 's understanding and ' solid 's conceptual clarity that plague we educational system . the wordplay scene be mean , as rancho would put it , to be a ' demo 's of what obfuscation , empty jargon , hyperbole , pomposity , rote learn bring upon we — nothing but ' balaktkar pe balatkar 's . object be we close ally for three year . like a friend that you can confidently call up in the middle of the night at the time of a crisis , we knock on the door of object every time we be in trouble . every time , they respond generously . most 355 time , like good friend , they do not make a big show of the help they have extend and remain largely inconspicuous . almost invisible . but every object I list here be now a part of what Rogers and hammerstein have famously describe as '' a few of my favorite thing . '' right from the official stamp that seal farhan 's fate at the beginning of the film , to the astronaut pen that with one signature turn chatur 's gloat victory into a humiliate defeat at the very end of the film , 3 idiot , could not have be write without dream up hundred of such object . the most menial of this object , be for I , thing of beauty . they take we hollow scene and fill they with humor or drama ; they take we most abstract concept and make they accessible . in shakepeare 's word , they give '' the airy nothing a local habitation and a name . '' — abhijat joshi 356 casting a spell from the suppress frustration of the hospital sweeper in munna bhai m.b.b.s , the helplessness of the retire man who break into a impromptu stripping act to get he pension , to the sparkling purity of chhote in 3 idiot , while it may be difficult for we to recall the name of the actor who play this role , they face will remain forever etched in we memory ; the character merge into this actor make the on-screen persona inseparable from the one in reality . rajkumar hirani believe that the face maketh the character . if anything come as a close second to the script in he school of filmmake , it be casting . every face visible in a rajkumar hirani film have be hand - pick by he . '' caste be half the job do as far as character in the film be concerned . sometimes , we find the right people and at time , the right people find we , '' say the man who drive he ad ( assistant director ) and casting team literally up the wall even for the right junior artist mean to provide the ' background 's in a scene . tt take raju a year to freeze on the actor for Joy lobo 's father in 3 idiot , a character that appear for barely two minute on screen . over five hundred screen test later , he exclaim with frustration , '' maybe honest face be vanish from this planet . '' the brief be to find a face that would be the epitome of selfless love , kindness , and innocence . every heart in the theatre would break when he mourn he son 's untimely death . raju 's associate , rajesh mapuskar , come to the rescue and suggest child actor , madhav vaze , from the acclaimed marathi film shyamchi ayee ( shyam 's mother ) make in 1953 . he would be of the right age now to play the role . the hunt for the actor begin and he be finally locate in pune . the only question be : have madhav 's face retain the same stir innocence it have fifty - six year ago ? one look at he and raju know he have find Mr. lobo . and sometimes , the right actor find he / she way to the right role . every project go through various stage of casting . a single change in the script could have one consider someone else rather than the actor initially under consideration for a particular role . if one be to imagine anyone other than aamir Khan as rancho , kareena kapoor as pia , or sanjay dutt as munna bhai , the entire perception and tone of this character would change in we head . the principal cast of 3 idiot come together with all the serendipitous twist and turn of a commercial potboiler . @ rancho aamir khan I never think of casting aamir in 3 idiot . in he case , it be the right man find he way to the right role . aamir , in real life , be rancho . — rajkumar hirani we have actually not think of aamir for 3 idiot . I happen to call he for rajesh mapuskar 's film Ferrari ki sawari . during that time , we be also in the process of casting for 3 idiot . aamir ask I if there be anything that raju be do because he be keen to work with he . I immediately call he in for a narration of 3 idiot . and just like that , we find rancho . — vidhu Vinod chopra in the twenty - six year that aamir Khan have spend in the film industry , he and vidhu Vinod chopra have meet and speak about several project . Vinod have offer 1942 : a Love Story to aamir but that fall through . after that , aamir become accustom to Vinod call he once every few year and invariably ask for he date for project that be to begin shoot a month later . aamir would always hear the script but decline because he need more time to prepare . moreover , he reason that if Vinod call he barely a month before the principal photography for a project be to begin , then he be anyway not the man Vinod need for the job . so when in late 2007 , he phone ring with Vinod 's name flash on the display screen , aamir assume that it be one of Vinod 's regular ' once - in- four-year 's call . Vinod have call to discuss a project still in the process of be write . the conversation go something like this ... aamir : '' yaar tu mujhe yeh sab filmein offer karta rehta hai , why do not you ever offer I a film with raju ? '' ( you keep offer I this film but why do not you ever offer I a film with raju ? ) 360 Vinod : '' bulaonga to karega tu ? '' ( ift call you , will you do it ? ) aamir : '' script achchi lagegi to zaroor karoonga . '' ( if I like the script , I will definitely do it . ) Vinod : '' to phir aaja kal aur sunn le . '' ( then come tomorrow and hear it . ) unaware that raju have a ready script or be even work on a project , aamir be stunne by the turn of event . Vinod have manage to stump he yet again . but this time thing do work out . you have express a desire to work with raju . both of you have even meet and discuss a project . why do thing not work out earlier ? I have very high regard for raju 's work and for raju as a person . the first time we meet be at the premiere of munna bhai m.b.b.s. | love the film and think it be wonderful . a little over six month after that , raju call I to discuss a idea he have for a film . this be before lage raho . 1 be travel then , but we decide to meet the moment I be back in town . after I return , raju come to meet I and tell I that thing have change . in fact , the morning of the day we meet , he decide that the idea he be to share with I , would now be use to do the second inning of munna bhai . 1 be still curious to hear of the idea . when I hear it , I think it be a fantastic idea and completely suite the munna bhai genre . and sanjay would do a great job but at the same time I feel that I have miss out on a opportunity . what draw I to raju be he unique style of filmmake . I have observe in the two munna bhai film that he view he character with a lot of warmth . so even if it be a bad guy in he film , he approach to the character be very warm . in he work , there be a certain joy and simplicity which be what appeal to I and to all of we . also , raju be a straightforward person who you take to instantly . he have a basic respect and regard for each and every person he deal with , no matter who they be . after the first narration , what be you reaction to the script ? my first reaction to the script be one of disappointment . it do not work for I and if raju have still want to make it the way it be then , I would have have to 361 opt out . I feel sad because I really want to work with he . the script have a lot of potential but it be not in place as yet . I express my reservation to raju . he hear I out and say that he agree with quite a few of my point . he tell I to give he some time and then he come back after about two month . when I hear the script the second time round , I like it . a lot of the issue I have raise and he have agree with , have be address . ' what be the problem that you have with the first version of the script that be narrate to you ? my basic problem be that rancho be too heroic in the first draft . he be cocky and belting out one smart line after another . I feel he should behave like a normal guy . for example , in the introduction scene , initially , he be heroic in the way he face the guy who be rag he . it be rancho 's attitude and not the scene that be a problem for I . the scene have stay pretty much the same as it have be earlier . rancho 's attitude do not make sense to I . a young boy who come into the first year should be scared when he face he senior . he can not be this guy who come in and churn out smart line . he come across as too confident and too sure of himself . but as I understand he , he seem to I a guy who be normal . he do not really know how to face guy who be stronger than he and be bully he . that be the reason he run away and hide in he room . the tone initially be of one - upmanship and I feel that rancho should not really care about that . I want he to be scared in the rag scene and do thing out of fear and not out of know how to handle this tough situation . similarly , in the scene where the director address the first year student and talk to they about the astronaut 's pen , have I say my line in a cocky manner , then the character would have come across differently but when the line be say with a sense of excitement as though the idea have just occur to the character , and he think it be a damn good one , so he just say it out loud because he want to share it , that take on a different colour altogether . rancho be enthusiastic about he thought and share they spontaneously but he do not know why the other be laugh because he have not say anything meaning to be funny . yet , it come across as a joke . other people find it funny . this be broadly what I have a problem with . it be the crystallisation of the core think that I be excited about : what the film be try to say — chase excellence and not success — and this be what I want come through in rancho . 362 you be not convinced about play a 20 - year - old student in the film . what make you change you mind ? when I read the script , I do not feel that rancho be I because rancho be a naturally brilliant guy and I do not see myself as that . rancho 's philosophy in life all along I have be follow but as a personality he be a little quirky . I do not see myself as that . but broadly speak , how he life he life be similar to how I live mine but when I be read the script , I do not see it that way . perhaps I do not see myself that way , so I could not relate myself to he . however , the interesting thing that happen be that I tell raju what I feel : '' though I love the script , how be I go to fit this role ? I be 43 now and by the time we make the film , I will be 44 and I have to play a 20 - year - old so I do not think I be the right guy for this film . I personally feel you should cast someone in that age group . '' I even offer to help he find a young actor for the role . my fear be that fundamentally if people do not accept I as a 20 - year -old , then the whole film would go for a toss . and that would not be worth it . you be make a entire film . there be too much hard work involved so why should you let the fate of the film hinge on a weak point . you lead actor be 44 and he be go to play a 20 - year-old . despite not be convinced of it ourselves , if we still go ahead and shot the film , and it look bad , then what be we go to do ? this be when raju speak to I at length . I think during we interaction lead up to this conversation , raju have become increasingly convinced about I play rancho . maybe to start with , he be not totally convinced . I do not know what be go through he mind but I feel that somewhere along the way , he become surer about I do the film . perhaps the interaction help he in he head as well . the first thing he say be that he think I look young . second , he feel that I could pull it off as I have often pull off thing that people have not expect I to . he give I the example of ghajini . his logic be that if I could pull that off , why not this ? I keep counter he by say that there be limit to what one can do physically . lastly , he say , '' throughout you career , you have be like rancho . you have take path that be unconventional . you have not follow any rule . instead you have break they . you have chase excellence and success have come after that . when you play rancho , the audience be go to believe you as oppose to some other actor who have be chase success in reality but spout this line on screen . you will bring a lot of credibility to the character and that be why I want you to play it . '' this be what he opinion be but I keep insist on find a young actor . this discussion go on . what eventually help I make up my mind be raju 's faith in I . we spend 363 a lot of time together and discuss many draft of the script and throughout the process raju be certain that he want I for the role . I instinctively trust raju as a director . I trust he judgement and instinct . I might not be able to see myself in a particular way but if the director be able to see I that way , and feel enthuse and excited about it , then that be important to I . I be so glad he push I . I decide to go with raju 's judgment . his faith in I , my intense desire to work with he and , of course , what he be make convinced I to take on the challenge . once you be convinced and you sign the film , what be you approach to rancho ? I feel rancho be boyish and transparent . he have a clean heart so most of what he think and feel be quite evident to people . have I actually be 20 year old , I might have play the character differently . I do not know how I would have play it but it would have be different . at this age , I have the additional burden of pull off play a guy half my age . I have to approach he differently . I have to work on my mannerism and the way I look to cut the age . I be really bulk up for ghajini so I lose a lot of muscle . I try to look as small as possible in order to look boyish . I wear oversize clothes . I have to internalise the mannerism because if you do not internalise they , they come out totally fake . in my head , when I be construct he , I feel he be a guy who be constantly move . his mind be buzzing . so he seldom stay still . he be either scratch he head , shifting from one foot to the other or shaking he head . he be quick . there be so much go on in he head that he have a lot of buzz in he . that be how I see he . and because he be transparent , all that be go on inside he come out spontaneously . this trait help I negotiate the smart line because the line be very smart . I feel that if he be so smart , confident , and cocky , then he will become a pain in the neck after a point . to make he likeable , the audience have to feel he be innocent . let I give you a ' demo 's ( smile ) . one of my toughest scene in the film be when rancho confront the director after Joy 's death . that be some pretty heavy line . you might feel that thing but to actually go and tell the head of you educational institute all that and to actually provoke he without be ask anything be a rather extreme thing to do . the insinuation of rancho 's word be severe . how do one pull this off ? raju and I even consider at one point to have rancho drunk in this scene but then we do not go down that route . the best way then to go about it , and which be what I do , would be to play he as emotionally overwrought . he be so grief-strick that he go and say what 364 he feel without think of the consequence . and the only way to balance the outspokenness of the earlier scene would be to show a degree of fear when he be in the director 's office the next morning . he be not take on the director or play this like a challenge . he be make a plea . I be say a lot of harsh thing to the director and , therefore , I can not come from a position of arrogance . basically , I play rancho with a different attitude . he be just be plain honest because he be innocent enough to be honest . he might be scared but he have to say what he feel because that be who he be . the smart line , I know , need to be retain but as a actor , I have to say they in a way that make they palatable . farhan and raju , as character , be most likely to have the audience behind they because most people would identify either with farhan or with raju . rancho be a man you admire but not someone who evoke sympathy or empathy . be this a concern for you ? I be aware of this but it be not a concern for I . one of the problem with rancho , speak from a purely dramatic point of view , be that he have no flaw . when the character do not have flaw , you may admire the character but you do not emotionally connect with the character because he do not have any problem . he do not need you help . and he be succeed in whatever he do , therefore , there be no sympathy or empathy for he . as a audience you do not emotionally invest in he . for example , in taare Zameen par , you heart go out to ishaan because you see the trouble he be go through . you be totally behind he as a viewer . it be a very author- back character . the character in 3 / diot with the potential of a strong emotional connect with the audience be farhan and raju . this be the two who have problem . there be a growth in this character that result in they transformation through the film . in rancho , there be no growth . he be the same from the beginning to the end . it be a very big challenge for I to play rancho because emotionally he be not author-back . his only problem be that he love pia but can not marry she . but that be not the main plot . this be another reason it be essential to not make he oversmart . he would have get on everyone 's nerve . I warn raju about this in the beginning that we would have to be careful with this guy or he would be in danger of go overboard . I tell he that he would have to be careful as a director and watch out and not let I slip up anywhere . and I think somewhere what work for rancho be the screenplay because the screenplay really support he . the story be about two friend who be look for 365 they friend . it be through they intensity , they warmth , and they love for this guy that the audience emotionally connect with rancho , whenever I read the script , I always cry in farhan 's scene with he father and raju 's job interview scene but I never cry for rancho . I never feel bad for he . it be a task to engage with he emotionally . that come from the bond and love that sharman and maddy bring for rancho in they performance . the warmth they feel towards rancho seep through to the audience . again , at another level , the screenplay be very clever because throughout the film , you be look for rancho and you have only see flash of he through farhan 's eye . we have not meet he as yet . you meet he head - on only at the end where he be himself and not a person who be be look at from someone else 's point of view . the tenderness , love , and warmth the three friend share warm the viewer to rancho . the emotional high point for rancho 's character be when he sit around wait nervously for he friend to return from the situation ( farhan confront he father and raju go for a job interview ) they have go to face , and the moment he realise that they have return triumphant from this situation , he break down . you be not convinced about Joy 's suicide be in the film for a long time . you oppose it vehemently . why be that ? at the script level , I feel that it might not be necessary . the point be come through in any case . it be accomplish through virus 's character as he son have commit suicide . but the actual reason be a connect thing . if the suicide be retain , then the two scene that come right after it would be very tough to negotiate for I . I be not convinced that people would buy that scene because , like we just discuss , rancho be say some very provocative and harsh thing to the director . see , either the tone of the film be at such a high pitch that say all this to the director be alright because the entire film be like that , but we be not do that . so this worried I . the graveyard scene and the scene after that be tough . right after that be the classroom scene where he be challenging the authority of the director and get away with it . that line be a very tricky one : '' nahin Sir , mein aap ko engineering nahin sikha raha , mein to aapko yeh sikha raha tha ke padhate kaise hain . '' ( 1 be not teach you engineering Sir , I be teach you how to teach ) . I think the audience would beat we for this . I have to really struggle to carry this off . I think it would be best for rancho to say this cheekily , pick up he bag , and bolt out of there . if I have say this line in a heroic way or in 366 a manner which suggest that I be take on the director , then we would have be doom . but come back to Joy 's suicide , in hindsight , when I see the film , I think raju be right about keep the suicide just like he be right about all the decision that he take . the principal photography of the film begin in August 2008 . the scene in Ladakh , the climax of the film , if not shot in the first schedule would have have to be shot after a year as Ladakh be only accessible for a few month a year . the decision be make to shoot the climax in Ladakh in the first schedule itself . do you think it would have affect performance have you people shot it at the beginning and not a year later which be what you have to do because of terrible weather ? I be very relieved that we could not shoot the entire climax then even though it be a terrible experience for the entire team . we shot for a day and then bad weather hit . it be scary how we evacuate everyone to safety . but all be well that end well . we performance would have suffer because we have not live that character as yet . especially mine . at least sharman and madhavan have shot in bengaluru for the first few scene of the film and , therefore , have forge some sort of a connect but my first day of shoot for 3 / diot be in Ladakh . I tell everyone that I be very happy because it would certainly have compromise the credibility we be able to bring in when we shot for it after shoot for the entire film . you actually drank for you drunken scene . method act ? I actually find it difficult to do drunken scene without drink . it help my performance if I actually drink and perform . I believe in aide . my goal be to give my best performance and if anything help in achieve this , I be happy to use it . I be not one of that people who shy away from use thing that can enhance they performance and eventually the film . what do you think be the core of 3 idiot ? chase excellence and not success be definitely the core think . to put it differently , do what you believe in and what make you happy . what make you happy may not always be conducive to what we commonly understand as success . farhan want to be a wildlife photographer and it may not appear to people that he may 367 be successful do that even in the conventional way . for this , first one need to understand what success be . do what make you happy and do it well be success . it may get you less monetary benefit . however , it may also get you good monetary benefit and one must not discount that . so you may get success in the conventional way as well by do what make you happy but the key be to do what make you happy , what be fulfil to you . that be the core think of the film . fl pia sahastrabuddhe : kareena kapoor the first thing I do be to ask kareena to put on weight . even when she be shoot for other film , I would send she message say , '' hope you be eat kareena . '' pia have to be real and feisty . — rajkumar hirani I see she in omkara and jab we met . in my opinion , of all the actress we have , she be one of the finest . it be a natural choice to go for a fine actress . — vidhu Vinod chopra on a crisp November morning in 2003 , kareena kapoor wangle a day off from she hectic schedule and head for gaiety galaxy , one of the oldest single - screen cinema hall in suburban Mumbai , to catch the first show of the latest release that week . she walk out of the hall mesmerise . a quick call be make to she manager , Zahid , from the parking lot of the hall enquire about the man who have direct the film she have just see . Zahid gush : '' he be God ! he be God ! do not know he name but he have direct over 200 advertisement . '' he promise to get back with detail . the film kareena have see be munna bhai m.b.b.s. and its first - time director be rajkumar hirani . his name be immediately scribble in the wish list of director in she diary . kareena 's mother , babita , tell she to play she sindhi card with he if need be : '' just tell he , ' my mother be sindhi just like you and , therefore , you must work with I . 's you have want to work with rajkumar hirani and aamir Khan for a long time . 3 idiot present the opportunity to work with both . how do this fall into place for you ? ' we meet at mukesh ambani 's party in December 2007 . before I could go and talk to he , he come up to I and tell I how much he like my work in jab we met . 368 then he say the magic word : '' I be do a film with aamir and I might have a role for you . '' I jump and tell he that I be game and he do not even have to narrate it to I . but raju insisted that I hear it and then let he know how I feel . he be write at the time and promise to call the moment he be do . when a month pass by without a word , I message he . this time , he ask I to wait for a week , and exactly a week later , raju call and tell I that he have finish and I be call in for a narration . I go for the narration with absolute certainty that I would do this film . nothing be go to change my mind . I hear the script . my first reaction be that this film would create history and I want to be a part of it . I know that the film belong to the ' 3 idiot 's and my role in term of screen-time would be small but this would be a ground - break film and only a fool would pass up this opportunity . I have work in this industry for nearly a decade and this be the most real and evocative screenplay that I have ever hear . also , it be my chance to work with raju hirani . the simplicity and romance in he work be unmatch . he do not have to travel to Paris , New York , London , San Francisco , or build opulent set or drape actor in designer wear to create magic . he play with the magic of moment , of silence , and of life . he just move you and stir something deep within . I be in and nothing be go to change my mind . with raju , you get aamir as a bonus . it take a decade for you and aamir to come together . surely there must have be opportunity before this ? there have be opportunity before this but nothing work out . I be suppose to do ghajini but when murgadoss approach I for ghajini , I have already sign mani ratnam 's lajjo with aamir . aamir call I and say that he could not do two back - to- back film with I . I opt out of ghajini and stay with lajjo . unfortunately , lajjo be shelve . vishal bharadwaj be also suppose to do a project with we . aamir and he have creative difference over the script so that get scrapped as well . basically , every project we be suppose to do do not happen . I would often bump into aamir and complain . he keep assure I and promise that he would give I one of the best film of he career . and today that have happen . it almost feel like a dream . I be in 3 / diot and it be aamir Khan 's best film ever . he be very lucky for the kapoor sister . both , karisma and I have give super blockbuster with he . I keep teasing aamir : '' you do one film in three year so I do not know when another heroine will get a chance to work with you . it will probably be my niece samaira ( laugh ) . '' aamir be truly a genius . he be a gift to work with . 369 pia be very different from the role you have do so far . what be you approach to pia ? pia be real . she be spontaneous and outspoken . I have receive more accolade for pia than I do for goot from jab we met . goot be euphoric , mad , and larger than life . every girl want to be like goot but pia 's usp be that she be every girl . she touch a cord across all age group . I be shoot kurbaan around the same time as I be shoot for 3 idiot . kurbaan be such a intense role . 3 idiot , on the other hand , be very real and this be role much tougher to play because then a heroine have to break away from she identity and image and reveal a part of herself . this be where raju 's brilliance come in . on the set of the film , I become pia and that 's what everybody see . kareena vanish for the time that I be shoot for 3 idiot . and pia have make such a impact that it have leave I speechless . I know this would happen and that be why the length of my role be immaterial . no one ever think of I as kareena here . though I be the only actor in the film who be do multiple project at the time , I give priority to 3 idiot as it be the first film I be do with raju , Vinod , and aamir . at the time of the narration , I be sure , you must have look forward to the confrontation between pia and she father ( virus ) . that be the one scene that belong to you . be that a part of the extensive rehearsals that be hold before the principal photography for the film begin ? this ia my favourite scene in the film . when I hear this scene , I know that this would be my big opportunity and the centrepiece of my performance . I be determine to nail it . I have come fully prepare for it . raju be very keen that I rehearse this scene . I be a spontaneous actress and too much rehearse do not help I . raju listen to I which be very nice of he . I request he to just roll the camera . I feel that the entire scene be set up in such a way that the only way to approach it be to be spontaneous . the scene begin with pia clear the table and you can feel by the way she be put away the plate and the spoon that she be go to explode . this be do in a single take . I do not know what get into I but I do not use glycerin . the moment I finish the shot , I expect to hear some kind of a sound but there be complete silence on the floor . I panicked and think I have mess up the scene . raju remove the headphone . he have tear in he eye and the entire crew give I a thunderous applause . I be prepare for this scene for a while and I know if I do not get this right , then there would be trouble . 370 you do a drunken scene on screen for the first time in you career in 3 idiot ? what be that experience like ? raju be really worried about this scene . I have never ever do a drunken scene and I be a teetotaler . this stretch on for fifteen to twenty take . drunken scene be not easy to do . it be very tough to get the consistency of drunkness and the slur have to be the same . to make the job at hand tougher , this be a sync-sound film . aamir help I a lot in that scene . he tell I to look at the centre of my forehead so that my eye look a little cross . raju even tell I that I could drink if that help I perform . this boy have do a drunken scene earlier and they have actually get drunk for it . aamir keep on tell I to have a glass of wine . I tell they that this route would not work for I because if I have any alcohol I would just fall asleep instantly . there be so many take we do . finally , raju ask we to wrap up . I think he be feed up . he say he would manage something in the edit . I be feel terrible think maybe I could not deliver as per expectation . but then the film release and people go wild about the dhokla - fafada scene . fan message I dialogue from the scene and I go crazy with the kind of response I get . raju be aghast because he have use a ' no - good 's take . normally , actress in Hindi film do not get the opportunity to do a drunken scene and when they do , it be a tough one to nail . I be happy that people give I such a overwhelming response to my first drunken scene . saif have work with Vinod chopra film in parineeta and eklavya . he know everyone well . any advice he offer before you take on the film ? during the make of ek / avya , raju have speak to saif about 3 jdior but at that time he be still write . shahrukh Khan step in later but then eventually aamir do the film . this change be common in the industry as thing keep change accord to how the script pan out . maybe 3 / diot be not mean to be for saif but he be so happy when he get to know that I be go to be in it . he be constantly on the set with I and he see the film in the office before the first print be out . he be completely floor by it . he keep say , '' what have they make ? how be we ever go to surpass this ? what have they do ? everything will now fall short of 3 / diot . '' even though he have just give a huge hit — Love aajkal — the same year , he be one actor who be genuinely happy for we team . he be very close to Vinod , raju , and aamir , and be there throughout the make of the film . he be as much a part of the 3 idiot team as I be . 371 hf viru sahastrabuddhe : boman irani boman have to be a part of all my film . after school and college , it be difficult to make lifelong friend . boman be one such friend I have make . he be the only actor I want for this role and he do not have a choice but to agree to play virus . he be a friend and I can completely take advantage of that friendship . — rajkumar hirani raju and you relationship organically develop into one that go beyond film . you interaction on a film be not restrict to just discuss the character you be play . you be a integral part of he idea team and long discussion revolve around the script between you and he be a essential part of raju 's creative process . what be you reaction to the idea and the script of 3 idiot the first time you hear it ? raju tell I about buy the rights to five Point someone when we be in Leeds for iifa ( 2007 ) . raju be there to pick up the best director award for lage raho . I be very surprised that raju have buy the rights for this book because my first reaction to it be : '' what be you go to do with the book ? the novel in itself do not seem like material for a film . '' raju tell I that he and abhijat be work on the screenplay . a few month later when raju and I be on a flight to nagpur , he narrate the script to I and I love it . I have my concern which we discuss over several subsequent session but what they have do with it be fantastic . you be reluctant to play virus because you think it would be in broad stroke a repeat of asthana from m.b.b.s . why be you apprehensive about virus and what convinced you ? I be offer this role even by the guy who be plan to make five Point someone earlier but he could not get the project off the ground . the first time I hear the character , I feel irfan Khan would be very interesting in this role . for I , this seem a lot like asthana from m.b.b.s. though raju keep tell I that it be different . eventually , I realise that I do not have a choice . I would have to do this . T could not say no to raju . once that be settle , raju and I get down to work on the character , flesh it out and give it body . a lot of people feel that virus be more a caricature than a character . what do you feel about that ? 372 virus come across as a caricature because , with all due respect , we teacher who have be teach for many year do become somewhat caricature of themselves . I feed on that . I play that up and that be why he seem caricature -ish . raju and I travel to pune for a weekend . while write 3 jdiot , they have hire a farmhouse there which be use for write session . for two day we sit and work out virus . I want this man to be special . I think of he as dark and edgy with cussedness be the underlying trait more than anything else . the tone be of sarcasm . he have a mean streak . then we start pad he up with quirk to embellish he character . the idea be also to take virus away from asthana as much as possible . we give virus this unruly dense crop of hair on he head . instead of suit he wear this ill-fitting clothes belong to another generation . I borrow a lot from people I know in real life . interestingly , virus 's daily ritual of the power nap whilst listen to opera and get he shave do be draw from mahatma Gandhi 's life . he do not listen to opera but he be a very busy man . he have tell he staff to cut he nail and shave he whilst he take a nap . this way he save time . this be we reference point for the quirk we add to virus 's character . then I want he to lisp . for that I have to rehearse for month because if it do not look natural , it could go very wrong . another of my favourite be that virus have to be ambidextrous . I have call up abhijat and raju in America to discuss this with they . they love it . be ambidextrous be a mark of genius and my perception of virus be that he be a genius . he be not a ordinary guy but he have choose to devote he life to number instead of apply himself to great pursuit . the only thing that we change be he body language . earlier , I think that it might be interesting to have a man who constantly speak about life be a race and he every habit be gear towards save time , be laborious and slow in he own movement . he walk and move slowly , but during the rehearsals this do not work at all so we change it . all this really help in uplift virus as a character . this be you first film with aamir Khan . he be the protaganist and you be the antagonist so to speak in 3 idiot . what be the experience like ? this script be narrate to everyone from hrithik to shahrukh . I have no idea why aamir be not consider but eventually he be the one who do it and be a perfect fit for the role . he be amazing to work with in all respects — calibre , 373 commitment , courtesy . the experience of work with he be special . the define thing about aamir be that , the equation be not of two co-star work together but of two colleague , two collaborator . no one be work at cross purpose . all of we become a team and we goal — the film . during the interview , everyone tell I that raju pamper you more than anyone else on the set ? be that true ? who tell you that ? tell I ? ( laugh ) be sharman , raju , and aamir joke about this ? I be sure they be . this be just what everyone say . he pamper everyone . no special favour extend to I . hf raju rastogi : sharman joshi sharman be on my radar since the time my wife , manjeet , and I have see he work in style . we have both really like he and I want to work with he whenever the right role come along . — rajkumar hirani sharman joshi would have frequent the theatre more have he know that movie watch would reap such rich benefit . in early 2007 , sharman get out of globus , a theatre in bandra ( Mumbai ) and notice raju hirani with he team in the compound of the cinema hall . sharman have always want to work with raju . though tempt to walk up to he and introduce himself , sharman hesitate think that this might not be the right place to approach he . but he be pleasantly surprised when on spot he , raju smile and wave at he . confidence boost , sharman walk up to he . but bigger surprise be in store for sharman that night . raju tell he that he have a role for he but since he be still in the process of write , he would get in touch with he soon . sharman go home in a daze . how do 3 idiot come together for you ? I believe that the restroom at various multiplex have play a important role ? ( smile ) the first time raju Sir tell I he have a role for I be at a chance meeting in the compound of a cinema hall . though I do not get a call from he for a few month , after that I know that the offer be for real . the very first time 374 you meet raju Sir , you can feel the honesty and sincerity . he be not the fi/ mis lingo sweet - talk type . so I be assure in my mind that something would come out of we meeting . but as luck would have it , we bump into each other once again at a multiplex ( pvr in juhu ) . we meet in the restroom after the film be over . we stand there chat for 15 minute . again , a few month pass by . uncannily , we bump into each other in the restroom of the same multiplex yet again but this time during the interval . raju and I joke that slowly we be inching towards the beginning of the film . Three chance meeting at cinema hall be rather weird . finally , we connect and I go and meet he at he office . the first meeting be suppose to be a casual one but I think raju be so excited and happy that he narrate the entire script to I . this would be approximately six month after we first meeting in the compound of a cinema hall . shahrukh be do the film at the time when I be sign on . then there be a eight - month break where shahrukh be not do the film and eventually aamir come in . once aamir come in , I be constantly in touch with raju but during the in - between period , I do not bother he at all . that 's how this whole thing happen . what be you first reaction to the script ? I love the script and even though they still have to make the final decision about I , I go out that night and celebrate . I do not even know which character I would play — farhan or raju — if I be do the film . I honestly love both character so it would not have matter to I which one I would play . initially , shahrukh be play rancho but later aamir come in , and once he do , I audition for both the part . I have read five Point someone so for the first script narration I have come with some pre-conceive notion about the different role in the film . for example , in the book , alok 's character be rather weak . I be a little worried about that . but once the script be narrate to I , the character be completely different and be not weak . by the time aamir be finalise , formal meeting happen , script narration start , and then the audition . I be comfortable play either part because I feel both have a lot of scope for a actor in term of meat and challenge . what be beautiful about work with raju be that for every little change , raju involve everyone . his humility be on a different level and he truly and honestly respects every individual . I be pleasantly surprised that raju give I a pen and pad and ask I to jot down what I feel about the film and 375 if I have any input , this could be discuss . he like participation , and , most importantly , that participation be truly appreciate . I audition for the role with the scene in the director 's office after we be catch gate - crash he daughter mona 's wedding . it be the one with '' Sir aapki per plate cost kya thi '' . at that time , madhavan be not there so I have audition with another actor . I be draw to the script because it be about find yourself . the scene where farhan confront he father and he job interview be the core of the film . I love the human element in the film and the journey of this two friend who find themselves through various experience . you say that you audition for both raju and farhan ? do you seriously like both the role equally ? raju Sir be raju Sir give I the option of audition for whichever role I want to play . this he do in the first meeting itself . like I say , I have go there with pre-conceive notion so I have my apprehension . I tell he what I feel about alok 's character . he just smile and narrate the script to I . after the narration , he ask I the same question . my answer this time round be whichever one he would like I to audition for . I have understand that both the character be solid . he make I audition for raju . then , after a few week , he make I audition for farhan . eventually , he make I play raju 's character . frankly , this film be so well etched out that I really do not have to do much . this script be remarkable and equally remarkable be the way it have be execute . for a actor , half the job be already do . before the first schedule begin , I read the script many time over . I know the progression of the entire script from any give point in time . the script be the Bible , therefore , whichever scene we shot for , I play the script back in my head , follow the progression and perform it accordingly . my lifeline on the set be the script , raju Sir , and my instinct . for all the drunken scene in the film , I believe you people actually get drunk . ' what be that experience like ? we have a blast shoot the water tank scene and the one after that at the director 's house . it be so much fun . the night at the water tank go a little out of hand . 376 we give lengthy take . the production team finally ask we to get on with it as they be run out of stock though I do not think that be the case . I think they just want we to pack up ( laugh ) . the night after that , we be at the director 's house . Vinod chopra be with we that night so he also drank with we in aamir 's trailer . after a few drink , he say : '' koi bhi bahar ka dekhega to kahega ke kaisa producer hai , khud bhi pee raha hai aur apne actor ko bhi pila raha hai . shoot late ho gayi to kya hoga ? '' ( if anyone from outside the unit be to see we like this , he would wonder what kind of a producer I be — not only be I drink but I be also make my actor drink . what will happen if the shoot get delay ? ) not by design but by chance , aamir , madhavan , and you be finalise as the ' 3 idiot 's and you have work with each other before in rang de basanti . what be it like on the set ? I be ecstatic when aamir come in . we already have a equation . I know how fabulous life be go to be on the set and that make I very happy . then I discover raju Sir on the set and he be a pleasure as well . I be not sure how raju Sir would be on the set . I think he be a bit paranoid in the first schedule . there be a lot of responsibility and pressure on he . he need to be extra careful . I start to feel the pressure too . it be a raju hirani film with aamir Khan and , predictably , there be a lot of expectation . I could feel and realise how important it be for raju Sir to set the right tone on the set from the beginning . once that be do , raju Sir transformed and everything lighten up . there be a comfort factor with aamir and maddy . also , raju Sir really pamper he actor . I use to tease he about pamper boman more and boman would protest wildly . there be a complete sense of freedom with raju Sir . you be allow to perform a scene whichever way you want to and try option if you feel they might lend something to the scene . he be very caring towards every individual on the set and this be what transfer onto the screen . hf farhan qureshi : madhavan madhavan come in because we be look for a competent actor to play farhan . I have my doubt about madhavan only because of he weight , which he promise I he would shed but I catch he eat kulfi once . after the kulfi , the confidence dip even lower but then I be pleasantly surprised with he competence and he have do exceedingly well . — vidhu Vinod chopra 377 he watch secret , the screen adaptation of Rhonda byrne 's eponymous bestsell book . amongst other thing , secret talk about quantify desire by put they down on paper . he do just that and write down the name of all the director he want to work with . raju hirani 's name top the list . Three week later he receive a message from raju hirani . the next day , madhavan board a flight to Mumbai . you be approach for munna bhai at the time raju be think of make it as a television series . what be the meeting like ? I do not remember meeting raju for the television series . I be approach and we have meet but I have no recollection of the meeting . it be only when munna bhai m.b.b.s. release that I come to know that it be this particular film that raju have want to make for television for which he have approach I . I remember see munna bhai m.b.b.s. and say where have this guy be hide all this while . it be a sign of greatness to be able to say so many thing in the simple manner . he strike I as a filmmaker and not merely as a director . I desperately want to get in touch with he . I remember gush and rave in the message I send he after watch the film . he immediately call I back and tell I that he like my work immensely . ' we meet sporadically after that at award function and social gathering . I have even approach raju to write the screenplay of ramji londonwale because I think it be a subject that might appeal to he . he be busy with lage raho at the time but he be kind enough to suggest abbas tyrewala for it . abbas be also catch up with he own film . eventually , sanjay dayma write the film . but I know the moment I meet raju that we connection be for keep . how do 3 idiot happen ? you belief be that the process start with you watch the film secret . what happen when you get the phone call ? sarita , my wife , have be tell I to get in touch with raju . she have hear that he be make a film that revolve around three engineering student . I reason with she that film do not get make that way . if raju have not already consider I for a role , it would not be right for I and I do not want to put he in a spot by call he . when I get the message from he , sarita and I sit stare at it in stunne silence . I do not know how much this have to do with secret but this be such 378 a amazing coincidence . the message be simple : '' maddy , I need to speak with you . '' even before call he back , I tell sarita that I be do a film with raju . then I call up raju and he politely ask I to meet he whenever I be in Mumbai next . I tell he , '' I be come tomorrow . '' I remember go to he office and meeting he . he narrate the script to I which make I laugh and cry at the same time . I immediately offer to give he a screen test . he be aghast but I insisted . I pick out two scene from the script . one of they be eventually not in the film . this be the scene where one of the puppy I have grow fond of in the hostel die and I get drunk and react . the other scene be the scene with my father in the film where I tell he that I do not want to pursue engineering . raju be not go to take a decision right then even though I could see that he be convinced . he say that he would let I know . I do not hear from he for two week . then I receive a mail from he say that Vinod chopra would call I . this be somewhere in April 2008 and we be suppose to shoot in August . after wait for some more time , I call raju and ask he if I could give my date away as I have not hear from they and my other producer be wait . raju be shocked to hear this and say that I absolutely could not give away my date because we be shoot in July . apparently there be some confusion and I have not be inform . then Vinod call and thing be finalise . do you audition for both the role or be it always farhan ? farhan be the only role I related to when I hear the script . I think even raju have only farhan in mind as far as I be concerned . when raju narrate the script to I , I know that every student and every father in the country would relate to farhan . if I be able to pull this role off , then that would be my biggest achievement . what be you first reaction to the script ? the best part about raju be that he encourage we to think like the character we be to play . we feedback be consider and take very seriously . as a example , for a long time , I feel that I do not have enough of a trigger to go confront my father . initially , the letter to Andre istevan be not there in the script . I speak to raju several time about this . two or three week later , raju tell I about the idea of the letter to Andre istevan that farhan never post , and that become the trigger . I do not even know that raju have take my apprehension seriously 379 and have be work on it . raju come up with this idea and then he and abhijat plant the fact that I be a animal lover with a natural talent and interest in wildlife photography . the film start its principal photography with you scene in the airplane . ' what be you approach to farhan as he be also the narrator of the film ? the first transformation you see on screen be in farhan . so there be the additional challenge of make that believable . if the audience do not find I convincing , then it would set the wrong tone for the film . I set about work on my look first . also as a character , I go through maximum transformation . raju 's transformation happen in college after he suicide attempt . he lose he fear and there be a complete change in he attitude evident in the interview scene but farhan 's transformation in term of he personality be to happen once he leave college . there have to be a mark difference between the farhan the audience would see in the first scene and the one they would see in college . I give myself a darker , leaner , and rugge look for the portion in the present . I be a wildlife photographer and , therefore , spend time in the sun , wear that jacket with many pocket to hold thing that come in handy on a shoot and name a edgier personality . there be a aggressive dimension to farhan , the wildlife photographer . but as a engineering student , he be mild and innocent . I go completely clean shaven , chubby cheek with round boyish glass . it take we a very long time to zero in on the glass , I remember . so , I work on the look as well as the personality to make sure that the journey of the character be evident and real . hf chatur ramalingam : omi vaidya we take a huge gamble by casting omi . he have a long and important role in the film and we be casting someone for it who do not know Hindi at all . it be a huge chance we take which pay off eventually . omi be a great find . he bring credibility and believability to chatur 's character which be critical for it to work . — rajkumar hirani his foot be kill he . the entire day he have spend run from pillar to post take care of proceedings at a grand marathi event that he have organised in Los Angeles . a lot of people from the marathi community in America have fly in to attend the event . finally , the night be wind down and it be time to let go and have some fun . he hit the dance floor and inadvertently start dance with 380 a girl . she be a screenwriter from Michigan and he , a work actor and film director . they exchange number . four year later , the actor-director while on a visit to India to find possible buyer for he film , get a call from she — out of the blue . supriya kelkar , the screenwriter from Michigan be now work with Vinod chopra on Broken horse and want to give omi vaidya a head - up on a possible role in they production 3 idiot . omi vaidya might never have bag this career - alter role be it not for that random dance four year ago at a marathi night in Los Angeles . you have live in America all you life and be a work actor in LA . be Hindi cinema on you agenda ? both my parent be very supportive of my choice to pursue act , otherwise it would have be very difficult to do this . most Indians settle abroad might not have manage to do what I do . I have my family back I and that be the reason it be possible . my mother have want to become a actress but she could never pursue that desire so she make sure that at least I could follow my dream . therefore , I do not have to worry about thing like rent and food after college and be able to concentrate only on act . bollywood , strangely , be never on the radar nor be the sensibility prefer or familiar . I do not know much about bollywood film . I have see some of aamir Khan 's film . but three - hour - long film with all the dance make little sense to I and the sensibility do not hold much appeal for I either . I have see a bit of munna bhai m.b.b.s. but nothing of lage raho . all of this , I later realise , be actually a boon . it be a asset to have little knowledge of bollywood . it help I when I be shoot with the top-of- the-line actor like aamir Khan in 3 jdot . 1 be not weigh down by the awe of shoot with the biggest star in bollywood . I could perform without be hamper . how do 3 idiot happen and what draw you to the material despite no prior plan or inclination to be part of Hindi cinema ? when I get a call from supriya , I send my showreel across and raju like it because he feel that I be very boyish and , most importantly , I be not from India . initially , I be very sceptical . I inform they that I do not speak the language at all so how would this be feasible . the people schedule to audition I just refuse to listen assume that I would at least have some knowledge of the language because 381 everybody who say they do not know the language , do know a little bit . Little do they know that I really do not know the language at all . I be audition on raju rastogi 's line from the film and I be terrible . I spend some three hour in the office read the material . during the screen test , 30 second after I start say the line , the casting director start correct I and a minute into the audition , she ask I to stop . I be politely thank so I know that they have not be impressed but then I have go in know that I would fail , what work in my favour be that raju come into the office while I be meeting he team . he have some work there so I run into he . we get to chat a bit and therefore a personal connection be establish . a few day later , I receive a call from the team ask I to come in again . and this time , they say that they would send I a script for the audition . they send I a portion from munna bhai . the brief be that I would have to learn the line and not speak they . I be not to worry about speak Hindi correctly : the character be a nri though he have not be fully flesh out as yet but I be just to do what omi would do . I feel much more comfortable with this . the way I do it be that even though I know what I be say , I do it like I do not because omi would not know what he be say . so I do gesture that be absolutely not in syne with what I be say . they like this a lot . after this test , the brief for the character expand a little bit . I be tell that the character be a top honcho of a corporate concern , always in a suit with a whole lot of expensive and fancy stuff . he have come back to India to prove a point to this guy who use to make fun of he . this be what I be give to play with . I be ask again not to worry about the Hindi . if I so want , then I could do it all in English . so I do this test even better . I smoke a ciggarette and do my thing . all the Hindi word that I know be the bad word so I sprinkle what I be say with that . my mother be there with I so she be a bit shocked . I do the audition well but I be quite sure that I be not right for the role because I do not speak the language at all . I go back to LA after this test and do not hear from the 3 / diot team for a month . in LA , if you do not get a call for a week after a audition , it can be safely assume that you do not get the job . but a month later , I get a call from the production team and this time I be tell that I would be audition with scene from 3 idiot . I know then that I be in the race and , therefore , be seriously consider . then I start study the text . they give I the now famous balatkar speech scene . the other scene they give 382 I be the water tank scene where I lose my temper and the bet between rancho and chatur be make . I could see that they want to gauge whether I could do both comedy and drama . the Broken horse team be in New Mexico so I fly to New Mexico and do the audition . I give it my best shot . I give up a role to make it for this audition and I do not regret my decision . again , I do not get a call from the team for another month . then raju call I himself and tell I that though I have do a great job someone have teach I how to speak that line . he be right because my mom have teach I . he tell I to stop learn Hindi as this character would know very little Hindi . they be write he like that , therefore , if I want the role , I would have to stop learn Hindi and stop watch Hindi movie . he do not want my interpretation of the character and performance to be affect by such factor . thing work differently here than in the West . do you have any apprehension about be away from the Hollywood scene for the considerable duration 3 idiot demand you to be away ? I have my doubt because I be give up six month of my life and not be pay much accord to Hollywood standard . I worried about whether this be the right choice or not . but the very reason I choose this as my prefer field of work be because I want to be able to do new , fun , and exciting thing . this would offer all the thing I look for in a job . it be a new system and sensibility I would be operate in . therefore , I want to do this and it be my choice . also raju 's sincerity and personal email to I convinced I that I would be take care of . once I come down here and see the level of professional courtesy I be extend , the sincerity and the seriousness , I know I have take the right decision . what be you first reaction to the script ? that it be a very long one ( laugh ) . there be lot of page . I read through it but I keep my focus on chatur . I have not think of the film as a whole . I only focuss on my character . when I see the full film , that be when I realise what the whole film be all about . I really just keep my mind on chatur . also my lack of knowledge of the language keep I from understanding a lot of thing . you be already deal with language issue . I be sure there be portion in the film that be more challenging than other . tell we a little about that tough one you have to get you head around ? 383 it have to be the scene on the water tank where I be angry and drunk . I be a happy person and emotion like anger and jealousy do not come easily to I . before perform this scene , I have to separate myself from everyone to be able to do a good job . the anger and depression have to be work on . I have a three - day break before we be to shoot this scene . I request raju to let I leave the production for that three day and to just put I up in a small room or club or hotel somewhere away from everyone . raju agree and I isolate myself . when I reach the set three day later , I keep to myself and let the isolation gnaw at I . raju love my work in that scene . it take I another three day after the scene to come out of the state I have drive myself into though . ' what be the experience like for you since this be you first brush with Hindi cinema ? the whole experience be very different from America . it be very interesting . I really want to do this and I be glad I do . this be primarily because I know that raju want I and it be very rare and different from America where whether the director want you or do not want you do not matter because the corporate guy make the decision . here , the director really like I and want I and we have develop a personal connection . system -wise , thing be completely different from the West . here make - up and costume trial be do in you hotel room which be a little odd . I get the script five day before we begin shoot . though it take some get use to , all of this have its own flavour . also , I be not from here so I do not really have hang up about chat and mixing around with the driver and kitchen staff . so I could absorb a lot and get in touch with the ground reality a lot better as I chatted with this people . this guy have the most interesting storey . the other be more politically correct and talk about show business all the time . the biggest perk of the role be that I be play a fat bald guy in major chunks of the film for which I have to put on weight . I put on twelve kilogram and have a lot of fun do that because I could eat whatever I want and do not have to exercise . — smriti kiran 384 open credit 3 idiot a rajkumar hirani film a vidhu vinod chopra production aamir Khan kareena kapoor R. madhavan sharman joshi omi boman irani mona Singh jaave jaaferi pareekshit sahani sanjay lafont rahul Kumar Story & screenplay abhijat joshi rajkumar hirani screenplay associate vidhu Vinod chopra costume sheena parikh manish malhotra raghuveer shetty make -up vikram gaikwad charter accountant anil sekhri Chief accountant ramakant dubey senior accountant kirit parekh dialogue supervisor ranjeet bahadur direction assistant maheep dhillon menaka nagarajan Jai sharma rohan mapuskar gaurav chandelya karan narvekar mrunmayee lagoo production co-ordinator dileep desai unit production manager sarvesh Singh production manager salim qureshi sachin utekar bhavin thakkar first Assistant director vinay waikul 388 associate director rajesh mapuskar co-editor ranjeet bahadur Assistant editor gaurav chandelya action sham kaushal Visual Effects ( fable farm ) biju D. mitul Patel amol thakur background score sanjay wandrekar atul raninga shantanu moitra song & Music record sachin K. sanghvi production designer ( acropolis ) rajnish hedao sumit basu snigdha basu publicity Design rahul and himanshu nanda ( h - one ) re-record engineer anup dev 389 choreography bosco - caesar avit dias line producer sanjiv kishinchandani production sound mixing ( sync ) nihar ranjan samal sound Design & mixing engineer bishwadeep chatterjee executive producer anil davda lyric swanand kirkire Music director shantanu moitra dialogue rajkumar hirani abhijat joshi director of photography muraleedharan c.k. , isc Creative producer vir chopra producer vidhu Vinod chopra editor & director rajkumar hirani 390 end credit 3 idiot a rajkumar hirani film a vidhu vinod chopra production cast rancho = aamir Khan pia kareena kapoor farhan R. madhavan raju = sharman joshi chatur omi viru sahastrabuddhe boman irani mona mona Singh ranchhoddas chanchad __ jaave jaaferi farhan 's Father — pareekshit sahani suhas — sanjay lafont millimeter rahul Kumar raju 's mother — amardeep jha farhan 's mother farida dadi raju 's Father = mukund bhatt raju 's sister chaitali bose campus interview panel head jayant kriplani shamaldas chanchad aron baali chhote shoaib Ahmed centimeter dushyant wagh Air hostess Pilot airline Ground staff 1 airline Ground staff 2 Doctor at Airport Airport cab Driver raju 's wife Mr. dhillon aunt at farhan 's birth lead ragging senior ragging senior 2 Govind Machine class Professor Joy Joy 's Father Priest at Joy 's funeral Professor in corridor Professor vaidyanathan waiter at mona 's wedding Lady at mona 's wedding mona 's husband ice Student 1 ice Student 2 ice Student 3 ice Student 4 librarian dubey Library clerk Minister in auditorium Doctor startle by scooter in Hospital Doctor 1 attend on raju 's Father Doctor 2 attend on raju 's Father exam Hall Professor girl at notice board with chatur peanut vendor at shimla caretaker at shyamaldas 's House Minister at shyamaldas 's funeral chhote 's teacher ( masterji ) pooja goswami Captain a.s. duggal annapurna kaul chandrashekhar R.S. kodange dharmendra bhurji meghna bhalla harvinder Singh dilshad edibam rajeev ravindranath hitesh tak rajendra patwardhan achyut potdar Ali fazal madhav vaze dileep desai Professor raghunath Professor vaidyanathan Kumar veer Singh shailaja dhar dinesh Kumar pitabhash tripathi aakash dabhade apul jaisinghani trilok sadhwani akhil mishra sonu atul tiwari Dr. praful kulkarni Dr. jalil parkar Dr. debashish Naha Michael Joseph smriti sanjay sood dayal sharma rakesh sharma elihud George 394 College Security Guard Professor in induction motor class ambulance Driver Doctor in ambulance with raju nurse campus interview panelist 1 campus interview panelist 2 campus interview panelist 3 maid at pia 's House housekeep Boy at pia 's wedding manager at pia 's wedding panditji at pia 's wedding matron in Hospital with pia mona 's baby kid 1 at rancho 's School kid 2 at rancho 's School Chief executive International Operations sarvanna tanveer Ahmed shankar sachdev Dr. kishor patil insia lacewalla keshav rae Mrs. lata kurdikar suhas vaidya nishi Singh saurabh agnihotri sitaram sharma pundit prayag raj supriya shukla malvika Singh tsanwal namgyal jigmet dorjey subhash dhar reliance team head of distribution ( India ) head of distribution ( overseas ) Project head Project team media consultant still kamal gianchandani anil arjun rohit sharma arun mehra deepa Singh spice Zishaan akbar latif base on the novel five Point someone by chetan bhagat special thanks to amitabh jhunjhunwala indu shekhar vasisst , cao , iim bangalore dia mirza jave akhtar Dr. deskit dolma & Dr. rinchen angmo , leh Professor T. kundu , iit bombay 395 Dr. sejal desai jitendra bhargava , Air India sunil bohra doctor & staff of kulkarni Hospital , jogeshwari make of 3 idiot director editor videography additional videography background score karan narvekar rachit mehta karan narvekar , aman mahajan nilip Deb , ramani ranjan das rooshin dalal , abhishek ghag cinematography Assistance Chief assistant focus puller assistant gaffer Key grip Jimmy jib Operator steadicam Operator 2nd unit camera rajesh shah ramni ranjan das satish reddy Vinod V. sibaprasad sahoo deval samanta arjun bhurji dharmendra bhurji piyush acharya sundaram P. nageshwar ( bangalore ) lanhert pereira hiroo keswani Art direction Assistance Assistant Art director Assistant set dresser prop master vipin Kumar Ajay chodankar saikat bose paresh mistry ratheesh U.K. sushmita jha jini dhamande 396 playback singer sonu nigam , shreya ghoshal , shaan , suraj jagan , swanand kirkire , shantanu moitra legal consultant legal & insurance advisor head of digital Marketing Marketing & promotion associate to producer Assistant to producer ashni parikh amitabh gupta anand jaisingh insia lacewalla teja pratap Thomas T. George smriti kiran aman mahajan hetal adesara mustafa neemuchwala promo & trailor promo Design promo editor promo graphic trigger happy entertainment pvt. Ltd. nilesh kataria gauuri cheda , getafixx ( I ) make -up artist aamir Khan kareena kapoor sharman joshi boman irani jaave jaaferi joginder gupta ritesh nayak Vinod rathod mahendra pawar avadhoot wardham Hair stylist aamir Khan kareena kapoor R. madhavan & sharman joshi avan contractor hemalata sawant serina tixeira sound Post production additional dialogue record dubbing Studio recordist jitendra chaudhary Sri lakshmi Studio ramesh paudel 397 sound Design Assistant Studio re-record assistant Studio dialogue Cleaning Studio foley foley recordist Studio production assistant production support direction support boom Operators make -up assistant hairdressers M. lakshmi naidu q factor subir sudhir Kumar das jagdish nachnekar shree balaji Studio Kumar pancham karnail Singh rajan gupta sajjan chaudhary varun visoi aradhana sound service parshuram mane bharat jha prakash kalekar K. S. ravindran atishay dayal anil more rajesh pandey poonam wahi Major harpal Singh virk lakshmipriya devi karan tejpal shubha M. ramachandra gyan mishra sashi kashare nilesh patkar rajendra sharma ramesh sharma pratap borade seema Williams valerian kini 398 wardrobe assistant additional costume action assistant suraj godambe slavia ippalvattage Mohammed shakeel Shaikh sejal jain jhanvi mehta suresh Kumar isha ahluwalia darshan jalan paramjeet Singh ' pamma 's sanjeev Kumar ' bitu 's sincere thanks to for Assistance in Ladakh for Assistance in himachal for Assistance in Delhi for Assistance in bengaluru for Assistance in Mumbai druk White Lotus School Delhi Public School , leh tibetan School , tsomoriri maj. Gen. M.S. buttar Colonel manish bassi tashi namgyal , dy. commandante , itbp Lt. Col. mittal principal negi , rakcham School Group Captain karanjit Singh dhillon shashi kiran gupta , principal , dayanand Public School , simla prabhdip Singh sandhu balbeer kukreja ranjana chand rohitashy gaur tikamchand thakur , manali pranav agarwal pritpal Singh jasbir grewal , vice President Operations , fortis rashmi kaul , fortis 399 for caste Assistance madhav sawant Dr. rajiv punjabi Professor amitav De , iit bombay vaibhava rele indrani Singh , literacy India nalini rathnam , bangalore aporup acharya , bangalore amita sehgal shankar sachdev vineet sharma invention use in the Film quadrotor helicopter scooter mill sheep shearer co-ordinate by English subtitle Assistance subtitle editor idea Forge Technology pvt. Ltd. Sheikh jahangir Sheikh usman Mohammad idris chidda Professor anil gupta National innovation Foundation honey bee Network , sristi maheep dhillon abhijat joshi bharati desai aamir Khan vir chopra subhash dhar supriya kelkar greta kaemmer paramanand Kumar Processing , digital intermediate & additional vfx reliance mediaworks Business head d.i. & Processing head of Operations production head supervise colorist DI colorist krishna shetty nishit shetty rajiv raghunathan Ken metzker makarand surte 400 line producer vfx co-ordinator vfx team Online team telecine colorist conformist team leader conformist dilesh gupta n.vinoth ganesh nilesh R dubey R. ravichandran jignesh Patel R. mahimairaj soumen das abrez mohd . shubham Singh rathore R. parthiban S. muthustalin parantap Singh rahul mandal georgy Joe ajith badarinath chinimilli rohan kothary Mayur D. parmar jignesh R. trivedi achal rohit muchhala hardeep Singh sembi Shane Sullivan pankaj Singh Vinod durgavle liju prabhakar L. sampath Kumar Mahesh B. deshpande debakriti kundu nitin minz ganesh navgane samir acharya chandrakanth p.t. sivalingam chitravel soma sundaram krishnan abhijit ghadge balasarvana perumal scan and record team leader arup A. chakravarty 401 scan and record team data manager team leader data manager vfx team , fable farm sumeet J. nabar sachin S. jadhav Mohammad habib Khan vedant chawan jitendra kubal shravan patil shripad Gore ravi tiwari shridhar V. mitke kanak pandya dhanpat maurya sameer saurabh parul dhanapalan prashant sartape nishant jogdand bhavesh Patel rohan kharade kapil pandit sutanu mondal abhishek sawant prinay Singh jignesh malavia amit maladkar faiyaz choudhari shakil Sheikh sriniwas rao kishor shetty latif pasha gadamalla nagaraju song & background score orchestration background vocal Rhythm programm song arrange , orchestrate & conduct by string conduct by guitar & additional arrangement shaan , shreya ghoshal sriram lyer Daniel B. George chandan Singh jawda ankur mukherjee 402 bass ' woodwind cello solo violin flute mandolin shehnai taar shehnai mouth organ additional rhythm string brass Music coordinator studios additional recordist brennon denfer p.m.k. naveen Kumar V.S. shekar suresh lalwani paras nath chandrkant lakshpati madhukar dhumal sunil das shantanu moitra deepak borkar franco vaz nikhil koparde bombay cine musician 's orchestra Joseph monsorate blasco monsorate prem Singh sodha kishore sodha Ivan mun ratnakar gowda John rodrigues pancham , media mind , Empire chinmay harshe harshad sathe choreography assistant ' aal be well 's ' Zoobi doobi 's sadanand yadav pravin solanki gulnaaz Khan ranju varghese hitesh Patel augustus pereira rakesh sharma nasreen Shaikh outdoor production co-ordinator Ladakh odpal D. George , himalayan safaris 403 bengaluru Delhi shimla ramesh babu ravi barnebaas ravi sareen navmeet devinder vishal bahl special animatronic baby effect design and create by brian WADE artist 's manager aamir Khan kareena kapoor R. madhavan sharman joshi boman irani binky mendez Zahid Khan shobha sant kukki Khan shailaja desai personal attendant aamir Khan kareena kapoor R. madhavan sharman joshi boman irani rajkumar hirani camera attendant grip assistant sudhakar gowda yuvraj ghorpade ganesh shinde bed prakash alim basha mehboob basha suresh Kumar ikramuddin Shaikh mahendra chauhan karan saud rajiv sharma mukesh sundriyal vineet dwivedi Mohammed rafique Shaikh ankush athule raju dobal rinku Kumar 404 steadicam assistant Jimmy jib assistant sound equipment attendant walkie talkie attendant dressmen set Security manager stuntmen rig attendant babulal mali mukesh waghela vasant suvarna yeshwant suvarna akhtar Ali shah sarwar Shaikh Mubarak Ali Mohammad bakar easkkimuthu P. kishor kamal mahato rajaram jaiswal rajesh kodadi deepak sule dinkar sontake baljeet Singh Mohammed wazir Shaikh Mohammed salim Shaikh Mohammed gulzar Shaikh jave Ali kamlesh Patel raju , ramesh , vipin , mukha , deepak , lakha , titu narender Singh agyapal Singh bhanwar production boy head production Boy production boy ashok amre Kumar veer shankar mooppanar j.s. negi akhil sekh malang parmar gagan mohanty 405 manoj das ganpat das rajesh mane set boy mistry head master head painter head tapist carpenter assistant vilas panchal kiran mulukuntla mohanlal mahato eliyas Ali virendra chaurasia rajendra vishwakarma yakub pathan manoj khanwilkar punal nathanel kapila firoz Khan Light boy best Boy electrician spark vinodu kesavan jaidev prajapati dawood Khan sanjeev devadiga chandrakant mohite shambhunath katwa shuvhroneel mitra sanjay kalmaste jave qureshi prasidhnath shukla shailesh ravi pramod pathak nandalal prajapati suryamani pathak suleman kedar salim 406 production Office staff reception & admin accountant trainees & intern Jane d’souza asmi ghanekar manini chadha yogesh rawool kayoze irani Office boy mohan saud karan saud mane Singh saud Govind bahadur kumal loha Singh gajju ravindra mandekar driver shivanand chinetty sanjay chavan shambhu jha n. subbaya M. mada swamy V. anand kartik prasad equipment & service Raw stock camera light generator sound kodak Prime focus Ltd . shree ganesh Movie light lighthouse stereovision subhash Light House , Delhi shree ganesh Movie light mirajbhai timmy ( chandigarh ) anil girkar & co 407 additional construction Animal supplier Water Effects wig nagra rigs Cars vanity van Transport junior artist Security cater pfa Design firm shankar shiva sungun murgan ( bangalore ) surendra S. salvi santram Bali amjad sajjad bhai anup timmy ( chandigarh ) sandhu Transport ravinder suri girdhar sonu ( simla ) sonu / sujal associate ( bangalore ) Ace Security & Protection sisa ( bangalore ) g.l. sahu Sri swami caterer natraj canteen amma ki rasoi ( Delhi ) Music on dolby digital reliance mediawork 2 film . '' Vinod chopra film pvt. Ltd. , 2009 408 profile rajkumar hirani rajkumar hirani graduate from the Film and Television Institute of India specialise in editing , he go on to edit film , serial and ad film before start he own company , canvas film , to make ad film . he produce and direct over 200 ad film before make he feature film debut with the path - break munna bhai m.b.b.s . he follow it up with lage raho munna bhai . both this film win numerous award include the National Film Award . raju 's third film as writer , editor and director be 3 idiot . filmography director 3 idiot 2009 lage raho munna bhai 2006 munna bhai m.b.b.s. 2003 editor 3 idiot 2009 lage raho munna bhai 2006 munna bhai m.b.b.s. 2003 Mission Kashmir 2000 tere liye 1999 jazbaat 1994 Story & screenplay 3 idiot 2009 lage raho munna bhai 2006 munna bhai m.b.b.s. 2003 dialogue 3 idiot 2009 lage raho munna bhai 2006 411 abhijat joshi abhijat joshi isan m.ra. from the University of Texas , Austin , and a multilingual playwright , screenwriter and Professor of Creative write at otterbein College , westerville , Ohio . his play , a shaft of sunlight , which explore sectarian violence in gujarat , win the BBC World service playwrite Contest in 1993 , and be publish and perform extensively in London . he win the National Film Award in 2007 for the screenplay of lage raho munna bhai . his most recent work as a writer be rajkumar hirani 's 3 idiot . filmography Story & screenplay 3 idiot 2009 eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 screenplay lage raho munna bhai 2006 Mission Kashmir 2000 kareeb 1998 413 swanand kirkire swanand kirkire , a graduate of the National School of Drama , Delhi , isa writer , song - writer , actor , singer , playwright and director . he make he debut as a lyricist and singer for hazaaron khwaishein aisi and follow it up with film like parineeta , eklavya : the Royal Guard and lage rabo munna bhai , which fetch he the covete National Award in 2007 for best lyric . swanand have write the dialogue for eklavya : the Royal Guard , and the lyric for 3 idiot . filmography lyricist 3 ldiot 2009 paa 2009 welcome to sajjanpur 2008 laaga chunari mein daag 2007 eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 khoya khoya chand 2007 lage raho munna bhai 2006 parineeta 2005 Sehar 2005 hazaaron khwaishein aisi 2003 Singer 3 idiot 2009 paa 2009 gulaal 2009 khoya khoya chand 2007 parineeta 2005 Sehar 2005 hazaaron khwaishein aisi 2003 415 dialogue writer eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 chameli 2003 actor eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 hazaaron khwaishein aisi 2003 chameli 2003 shantanu moitra shantanu moitra be the music director of landmark film like parineeta , lage raho munna bhai , hazaaron khwaishein aisi , eklavya : the Royal Guard , 3 idiot , and the bangla film , antaheen . since childhood , he be fascinate with folk music from around the world . after quit client service in a advertising agency , shantanu start compose jingle . '' bole mere lip , I love uncle chip ? be he first advertisement and he have score for more than 2000 advertisement . in 2007 , he win the Cannes bronze lion for scoring the happydent advertisement . shantanu be a keen trekker , avid photographer and a amateur astronomer , in 2006 , he win the R.D. burman filmfare Award for New Music talent . filmography Music director and composer 3 idiot 2009 antaheen 2009 welcome to sajjanpur 2008 khoya khoya chand 2007 laaga chunari mein daag 2007 eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 lage raho munna bhai 2006 yahaan 2005 parineeta 2005 hazaaron khwaishein aisi 2003 417 vidhu vinod chopra vidhu Vinod chopra study filmmake at the Film & Television Institute of India , pune . his first documentary , a encounter with face , highlight the plight of India 's destitute child . it be nominate for a oscar in the documentary short subject category in 1979 . since then , he have direct film like khamosh , parinda , 1942 : a Love Story , kareeb , Mission Kashmir and eklavya : the Royal Guard . of this , parinda and eklavya : the Royal Guard be nominate as India 's official entry to the oscar in the best foreign Film category in 1989 and 2007 respectively . his film company — Vinod chopra film — have also produce film like munna bhai m.b.b.s. , parineeta , lage raho munna bhai and 3 idiot . Vinod chopra film continue to receive national and international recognition . filmography director Story & screenplay eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 Mission Kashmir 2000 eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 kareeb 1998 lage raho munna bhai 2006 1942 : a Love Story 1993 ( screenplay associate ) parinda 1989 parineeta 2005 khamosh 1985 munna bhai m.b.b.s. 2003 ( screenplay ) sazaaye maut 1981 Mission Kashmir 2000 a encounter with face 1978 kareeb 1998 murder at monkey Hill 1976 1942 : a Love Story 1993 parinda 1989 khamosh 1985 sazaaye maut 1981 a encounter with face 1978 ( screenplay ) murder at monkey Hill 1976 419 3 idiot 2009 ( screenplay associate ) producer 3 idiot 2009 eklavya : the Royal Guard 2007 lage raho munna bhai 2006 parineeta 2005 munna bhai m.b.b.s. 2003 Mission Kashmir 2000 kareeb 1998 1942 : a Love Story 1993 parinda 1989 khamosh '' 985 sazaaye maut 1981 publisher's note om om book International 11_publisher 's note.indd 422 5/31/2010 1:53:57 am a word of thanks within a span of 10 month — between August 2009 and June 2010 — om book International have publish the original screenplays of two unparalleled blockbuster of Hindi cinema — lage raho munna bhai and now 3 idiot — direct by rajkumar hirani and produce by Vinod chopra film . this would not have be possible without the trust and faith vidhu Vinod chopra , anupama chopra , rajkumar hirani and abhijat joshi repose in om book International . for this , not only be I grateful to all of they , I be humble as well . smriti kiran conceptualise and compile 3 idiot : the original screenplay . 1 thank she for she effort . I thank shraboni Roy , we graphic designer , sangita koushik , we editor , sanjay gupta and raj John , for they support . and last , but not least , I would like to thank dipa chaudhuri for not lose sight of we common goal till the very end . without she input and patience , this book would have fall short of the expectation of that who write the original screenplay of 3 idiot and turn it into a landmark film and a modern classic . — Ajay mago 423 11_publisher 's note.indd 423 5/31/2010 1:53:57 am smriti kiran cover entertainment , particularly the Hindi film industry for over 11 year as a journalist and television producer at ndtv , before join the industry at Vinod chopra film where she work on a film under development , and briefly on 3 idiot . her twitter profile ( smritikiran ) describe she as a cinema junkie , freelance television producer and journalist , writer , aspire filmmaker , voracious reader and coffee addict . her husband agree with the coffee addict part . in between read primarily indian author and poring over Hindi film script , she work on she own script which she hope to direct into a film one dai apart from follow she dream and continue to learn from the best in the business , she lead the screenplays division at Vinod chopra film , a venture which aim to bring screenplays of the great indian classic and more recent film which contribute to the dynamism of indian cinema , to cinema buff and reader across the world . smriti.kiran@gmail.com 425 11_publisher 's note.indd 425 5/31/2010 1:53:58 am 11_publisher 's note.indd 426 5/31/2010 1:53:58 am