30 day of night screenplay by Steve nile base on the graphic novel by nile & templesmith revision by Stuart beattie revision by adi hasak current revision by Brian Nelson , 11/28/05 second revision , 1/27/06 production Polish , 7/22/06 fade in : ext . alaskan coast - dusk - pre-title 1 title : two day ago . snowstorm . a single man in a rowboat -- the stranger -- forges through the icy water toward the coast . it 's hard to say how old he be -- 20 , 40s ? -- because he 's so filthy and red-ey and yet so fiercely drive . in shadow behind he stand the eerie , forbid ship which bring he this far . hitting the edge of the ice , the Stranger clamber out of he boat and trudge inland , smile thinly as he see the boat drift away , no use to he anymore -- title roll as we follow the Stranger through the wide , eerie twilight of the alaskan wilderness -- blast by the wind yet persever , too yearn and wild - eye to slow down -- as he crest a small ridge of ice , we see a clutch of light shimmer in the distance : barrow , alaska . a Arctic outpost of a town , a oil and mining outpost ringed with derrick and tundra . the Stranger grin as he see barrow twinkle through the snowstorm , and press onward as title end -- ext . slope - sundown 2 title : tonight . a man stand , back to the set sun , he face cloak in shadow -- until he turn thoughtfully , the light gradually revealing a weathered and soulful gaze . he be sheriff eben oleson , early 30 -- eben strange . he face billy kitka , earnest , 40s , wear a deputy 's badge and shine a flashlight into a snowbank west of barrow -- billy ai not it ? who have do a thing like this ? there Pov : a smolder , eerie hole in the snow -- fill with burned cell and satellite phone -- eben kneel down to examine the firepit , baffle -- billy ( cont would ) someone get a little upset about roam charge ? eben stealing satellite phone have make sense , you could hock they , maybe run up charge on someone 's account . but burn they ? +e * 3a billy kid ? pull some prank ? eben there have be a message . '' fuck you '' to they parent or the world or whoever . eben walk up toward the summit , thoughtfully -- eben ( cont would ) best place to solve this be the diner , billy . get people talk , they 'il gossip and figure it out for we . billy watch as eben keep hike toward the crest -- ext . summit - sundown 3 the last golden arc of the sun gleam , silhouett eben , as billy come to join he . billy I remember I bring Peggy here on we first date . eben we all do . not Peggy , I mean , just -- billy ( light chuckle ) I gotcha . c’mon , let 's do the sign -- ( study he friend ) you okay ? eben stare out at the sun quietly , wistfully -- eben yeah , I only -- ( a beat ) last sunset for a month , some year it 's easier to take , y’know ? eben turn , not ready to say more , and billy know better than to ask . shove he feeling down deep , eben hike back toward the 4x4 wait at the bottom of the slope -- omitted 3a ext . barrow CITY limit - dusk 4 the sun 's down , but light filter through approach night . the 4x4 come to a stop beside a bright , good - nature sign from a Tourism Bureau with a sense of humor : 5a '' welcome to barrow , alaska -- top of the world ! population 563 -- warning ! danger ! polar bear ! '' billy jump from the 4 x4 to the '' welcome to barrow '' sign , pull out some metal tag . eben call from the car -- eben nobody 's gonna see that sign for the next thirty day -- billy it 's a tradition ! billy hang the tag '' 152 '' over the '' 563 , '' change the population for the winter . over this , the SOUND of dog barking fiercely -- ext . riis home - dusk 5 elongate shadow from the fleeting amber daylight . the residential side of barrow . Homes be build on stilt to avoid the stress of ice and critter in they foundation . all the home have crawlspace underneath , of vary size . four huskies be barking from behind the fence of the riis residence -- sled dog deeply unhappy about something -- a shadow pass across the screen -- the dog follow the shadow angrily -- until suddenly there be a gleaming flash and hiss of a blade -- the sickening slice of a knife into flesh , and the bark be replace by horrifying whine of pain . ext . barrow CITY limit / eben 's 4x4 - dusk 5 a at the edge of town , eben and billy pull over beside a huge snowplow swerve crookedly onto the shoulder . the back be cover with a tarp ; a stream of oil drip from the truckbed . work under the open hood be beau brower , late 5as , thick - bearded , a ox of a man with the social skill to match . eben Little problem ? beau ( not a glance up ) nothin 's I can not handle my own fuckin’ self . eben get out of he 4 x4 , circle the vehicle , pull a leak gas can from under the tarp . eben this for generator ? beau mostly . eben I can not have it leak all over the road , Beau . i’1l have to cite you for that . he pull out a citation book , scribbles away as Beau rant -- beau you do not haveta cite I . you do not haveta do anything . that 's why we live up here , innit ? so we gotta little freedom ? why do not you run billy on home so he can cuddle with that cute wifey of he ? one of we oughta get laid tonight , at least -- eben rip a ticket blithely , tuck it in Beau 's parka -- eben happy motor . beau I will add this to my collection . eben climb back in the 4x4 and start the engine -- billy Beau 's not so bad . why do you bother write he up ? eben he life all by himself in that cabin on the south ridge , y'know ? a little citation now and then remind Beau he 's part of this town . billy he 's right , though -- eben about what ? billy you should drop I at home . the wife always like the first night of the Dark -- eben gently smirk as the walkie - talkie blare with the voice of he elderly dispatcher , helen -- 6a helen ( 0.s. ) eben , come in , eben -- eben Roger , helen -- helen you better get over to John riis 's -- something bad 's happen to he dog -- eben glance at billy , puzzle and concerned : what the hell ? ext . street - dusk 6 tom melanson , teens , sturdy , kiss he girlfriend goodbye -- tom see you in the light , baby -- I 'il be good while you be go , I promise -- truck past Tom and he girlfriend through the town 's main drag , still warm in the ebbing light of magic hour . simple white light , all the town can afford , spark to life , give barrow a naive romance . townsfolk mill about , celebrate like it 's New Year 's Eve . honking horn , hugging and kissing . doug hertz , late 30 , brawny and well feed , kiss he wife -- doug -- ' sokay , sweetie , I know you can not take a month with no sun -- I promise I will not live on oreos and snapple -- kirsten toomey , lean , 20 , hand suitcase to her father peter , 40s , as he load up he car for the airport -- peter -- wish you have come with I , kirsten . I hate this place in December . nothing here but twenty - eight mile of road , and all of they dead -end . kirsten ( hug he goodbye ) I be gonna get all catch up , dad , the tax , January 's order , do not worry ! have fun in Seattle ! ext . kelso house - dusk 6a charlie kelso , 40s , hammer the last plank to board up he house , a successful oil worker 's home with a ornamental row of glass brick in the facade . a impatient mrs . kelso and there two son load luggage into they Range Rover . 6b 6c mrs . kelso Charlie , do you want to make it to maui or not ? her voice be such that Charlie 's not altogether sure about maui , but he finish hammer nonetheless -- ext . general store - dusk 6b stella oleson -- 20 , hardy , attractive , in the jacket of the Alaska State Fire marshal 's office -- work under deadline to inspect foam firefight tank house outside the general store . walk by with a trashbin be store proprietor adam colletta , 30 , genial and sturdy -- adam kinda put this off till the last minute , didja ? stella a lot of small town in this state -- my boss want all they gear inspect and certified by the 31st . adam and I notice you save barrow for last -- sure you do not wanna stay ? jeannie and I be kinda hope you and eben -- stella shake she head patiently : it 's not happen . she check form on she clipboard , close it , head for she 4x4 -- stella thanks a ton . gotta make the plane -- she start up she engine as Adam sigh -- shame to see a woman like this alone -- ext . / int . barrow CITY limit / stella 's 4x4 - dusk 6c stella 's drive , hellbent for the airport . come from the leave at a desolate intersection be a large ditch driller -- a enormous rumbling truck with tread instead of tire , and a maneuverable roaring chainsaw mount on its nose . the ditch driller should stop at a stop sign -- but to stella 's shock , the ditch driller doesn ’t stop , imbed its chainsaw in one of stella 's front tire and fishtail stella 's 4 x4 to a full stop -- stella emerge from she 4 x4 , livid -- + * + % stella goddamn it , malekai ! do not you know what a stop sign mean ? climb out of the cab be malekai hamm , 20 , abash -- malekat I be sorry , stella , the brake jamme -- mute with anger , stella inspect both she own useless vehicle and the ditch driller -- malekai ( cont would ) eben want this back from the airport before the storm hit , I be just try to -- stella do not have time for malekai 's sputtering guilt ; she pop the trunk on she 4 x 4 and pull out she carryon bag , look at the snowy , isolate expanse around they -- stella who 's gonna run I to the airport ? adam would not eben -- ? stella sigh deeply ; of course eben would , but -- stella I just pop into town for work , I do not want thing to get messy -- malekat my mom could bring the towtruck -- but y'know she do not move so fast -- stella thanks , malekai -- for nothing . stella give up and pull out she cellphone -- ext . street / eben 's 4x4 - dusk 7 eben 's drop billy off , when he cellphone ring . he see '' stella '' on the display , click on warily -- eben it 's I . billy can tell who it be from eben 's tone , linger in the open door of the 4 x4 to eavesdrop , until eben shoos he off -- 7a 7b 7c intercut with -- ext . barrow CITY limit —- dusk - resume 7a stella , anxious next to a sheepish malekai , not look forward to this call -- stella surprise . I need a ride to the airport . eben wait -- what ? you be in town -- ? and you do not want to talk -- ? stella ( not harsh , just honest ) what about ? look , I have Fire marshal work here , now I be stick at ransom and 355 , gotta get back to anchorage before the airport close . you want to talk , we can do it on the drive -- ext . street / eben 's 4x4 -— dusk -— resume 7b maybe eben do not want to talk if this be how she 's gonna be . he cover the cellphone , check he watch . open he door , he yell down the STREET to the depart billy -- eben hey , billy ! stella 's at ransom and 355 , can you get she to a plane ? billy signal thumb up , hike off quickly , as eben calmly get back on the cell -- eben ( cont would ) listen , John riis need my help with something , so billy 's on he way . you let I know if a day come when you do wanna talk . ext . barrow CITY limit - dusk - some moment later 7c stella examine the damage to she rental car -- not pleased . she check she watch . even less pleased . where be billy ? malekai whine a bit on he cellphone -- malekat -- yeah , Mom , stella ask the same thing , could you just give I a tow ? 7d 7e 9 . stella glance at the damage car again , decide to take a look at the ditch driller while malekai haplessly load all he junk out of the vehicle . she kneel by the tire , inspect the brake -- and frown -- billy ( 0.s. ) you limo 's here , Ms. oleson -- ! stella jump up thankfully , grab she carryon and board billy 's 4 x4 as they talk -- stella you 'il be okay , malekai -- ( malekai wave ; to billy ) where have you be ?! billy the car key be not where I think , and then I be like , wait , Rogers and 355 , or ransom ? and then when I -- stella never mind , let 's go -- ext./ int . airport road / billy 's 4x4 - night 7d fully dark now . stella check she watch , practically writhe with anxiousness -- billy you wanna know how eben 's be doin 's ? stella ( a beat ) you be gonna tell I whether I ask you or not , right ? ( billy smile lopsidedly ) just drive , okay ? ext . pipeline - night te Three oil worker , 20 , wobble past the pipeline . aaron ( with half - empty Jack Daniels ) and gabe eye DENISE hopefully ; while she 's no starlet , to they she 's Catherine Zeta - Jones -- DENISE look , my landlady do not want pipeline worker keepin’ she up -- gabe denise be right , let 's head over to my place -- * 10. DENISE ( playfully ) neither of you be get I alone -- aaron then we will share ! right ? none of we have to be greedy -- they all laugh , none of they sure where this might be head but willing to see -- as eben pull up beside they . eben hey , Aaron -- you know there 's no drink till the sun 's back up . they shift , embarrassed to be bust , as gabe take the bottle from Aaron and hand it to eben -- gabe we do not need it , eben . we can get drunk on denise 's beauty and charm . DENISE ( laugh ) I may throw up . eben I will not write you guy up tonight -- just do not give I another reason till New Year 's , okay ? aaron yes sir -- we will be good -- the party walk away with denise laugh -- omitted ext./ int . airport road / billy 's 4x4 - night 11 stella stare crestfallen at a single jet , capacity 120 , roaring off overhead -- stella no , no , no , no -- } billy ( sympathetic ) there 'il be someone you can bunk with for the month -- stella do not start , okay ? + % +e + % 12-13 14 11 . billy no , I mean Lucy , or denise , or hey , Peggy and I could even move the girl into one room and you -- stella I can not stay here ! I have get bill to put in the mail -- my plant 's 1l die ! billy well , you can call somebody from we place to handle some o’ that , cantcha ? you gotta know someone in anchorage who can help ? ( off stella , not happy ) C ’mon , it will work out . course , the price of rent at my place might be explain to I and Peggy what the heck 's wrong with you and eben -- stella not enough time this century to cover that , billy -- omitted 12 - 13 ext . riis home - night 14 party be over now , the street quiet . steam still rise from the snow where riis 's dog die . JOHN riis , 40s , and wife ally , 30 , wiry and athletic , mourn with eben . ally what sick jerk would do this ? riis every kennel -- every dog we have . eben fight with anybody lately , John ? riis ( shaking he head ) somebody always freak out a little once the sun 's go , but it usually take two or three week . ally I will kill they . I x11 kill they . 15 12 . eben ( examine the scene ) this be not do long enough ago that you could get to the airport after . whoever do this -- be still in town . off eben , troubled -- int . sheriff 's station - night 15 jake , 15 , play Risk against himself , move from one side of the board to the other . Bright , pale , he 's like the love child of David byrne and elvis costello . as he play -- jake it would be easier if you play , helen -- across the room , helen , late 60 , sit at the radio console . she do not like you to know that she 's fight cancer ; a positive attitude be one of she weapon against it . helen I do not really care for game like that , if you want to know the truth . do not you learn a lot when you play against yourself ? jake yeah , yeah , yeah . play yourself be the ultimate blahdy - blah - blah -- helen nod toward the enter eben , laboriously shed he winter gear -- helen try you brother . eben appraise the gameboard as he take a blast from a albuterol inhaler -- something he only do among family -- eben '' the classic game of Global domination . '' I be a little jamme today -- helen hand eben some report -- helen while you be busy with John riis ? Carter and Wilson call about a vandalism problem at the utilidor -- eben sigh , laboriously put everything back on -- 16 17 13. eben damn . what the hell 's goin 's on ? he head out with a nod to Jake , instruction for helen -- eben ( cont would ) call Point hope and wainwright , see if they be have any trouble -- ext . utilidor - night 16 the utilidor sewage plant sit on the edge of town : a pump house and two towering storage tank . from the pump house come carter davie , 5as , Santa Claus build , in a Tourism Bureau T-shirt depict a license plate read '' alaska b4udie . '' he call to the burly jayko twins , paul and xavier ( both 36 ) , clean a large sewage pipe some distance away -- carter guy , you can not get that pipe fix tonight . seal it off from the town and come back tomorrow -- the twin nod and seal off the pipe ; eben walk from he 4x4 -- eben Lord , Carter . it 's gotta be ten below . wilson bulosan join Carter in the doorway , he down vest read '' polar tour . '' filipino , early 30 , normally gregarious but now troubled , he gesture inside -- wilson you need to see this , eben -- int . pump house , utilidor - night 17 eben follow Carter and Wilson through the pump house , where Carter monitor the sewage system . his control panel be adorn with knickknack and photo , especially a photo of Carter with he wife and four kide . eben examine it -- eben can not you wife send you a sweater or two ? and bring the whole tribe back here while she 's at it . carter ( shrug diffidently ) they 's 11 come when they be ready , I guess -- 18 19 14 . eben * ( gentle advice ) * a family oughta be together , Carter -- * Carter nod in quiet resignation , acknowledge he friend but * change the subject -- * carter * so I have find all kindsa garbage here over the year . Blue jeans , bike . sometimes I can yank ‘em out before the muffin monster chew ‘em to shit -- wilson * the muffin monster ? carter my little nickname for it -- omitted 18 int . muffin monster - night 19 eben , Carter and Wilson stand before a high - torque , four - shaft shredder , a device that can literally turn steel drum into confetti . this be the muffin monster , where all the pipe lead , dispose of barrow 's garbage and sewage . the razor - edge shaft spin steadily . Carter pull up a trashcan -- carter saw Wilson 's logo , pull this stuff out before it get totally shred -- Wilson angrily show eben a pile of chew - up debris -- seat belt , fragment of passenger seat , dashboard control -- a couple of which bear the '' polar tour '' logo -- * eben you keep you copter under lock and key , do not you , Wilson ? wilson yep , I put it in drydock when the tourist head south . have not look at it for day . eben ( examine the damage ) could you fix it up if you need to ? 20 21 22 15 . wilson not without part from anchorage . this be my live , eben . why would someone rip the hell out of my bird ? Wilson take some of the debris and angrily toss it into the muffin monster -- which chew it all up with startling speed . ext . dish tower - night 20 a impressive satellite dish tower at the north end of town . bristle with antennae and cell receiver . the product of big time oil money . the tran - Alaska pipeline run past the base of the tower , beyond the barb fence -- it 's start to snow , the white fleck swirl about in the darkness . track through the snow , around the tower -- a dead - white face flash in the STORM -- and be go before we can be sure we see it at all -- int . dish tower - night 21 gus lambert , late 60 , portly , sit at a control panel , whistle a old swing band tune to himself -- somewhere outside -- we hear a distant , ethereal howl , arcing up the top of the scale -- Gus stop ; he 's never hear anything like that before . still , he have ignore it until there 's a electronic sizzle -- half the dial on the control panel blink out . Gus grab he parka , button up , and head for the door -- ext . dish tower - night 22 snow fall . Gus open the door , walk out into the dark , shiver as he breath cloud around he . behind he : the crunch of a footfall in snow . he whirl , shine he flashlight everywhere in the eerie silence , but see nothing -- Gus push forward into the darkness , as a shape flash behind he , unseen by we -- he spin again as there 's another crunch in the snow . he explore for the source of the sound , but there 's still nothing . he 's tensing , realize he do not want to be out here , head back for the building -- when he come across several line of footprint crossing the path back to the dish tower -- quivering now , follow the footprint with he flashlight , Gus come across a pair of gleaming black eye size he up in the darkness -- 23 24 25 16 . then they be go . he sweep the beam urgently like a searchlight -- when a shadow cross the beam -- much closer to he this time -- and then it 's gone . Gus work to catch he breath -- what the hell be go on here ? then from right over he shoulder , a low gutteral chuckle , harsh and hungry -- Gus drop the flashlight and the beam shine into he terrify face . he 's surround by a group of shadow , figure that loom menacingly toward he -- gus who -- who be you people -- ?! whoooom -- a shadow rip a taloned hand across gus 's neck -- blood arc through the darkness as Gus stagger backward -- and one of the shadow lunge at gus . there be a coarse , sawing SOUND as Gus 's head be wrench back and forth , the creature sawing its way through gus 's neck as they fall -- and then we hear Gus 's neck SNAP as they hit the ice , and he be render nothing but prey -- omitted 23 ext . iko diner - night 24 a little neon oasis in the snowfall -- stranger ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) no whiskey ? no rum ? int . iko diner - night 25 lucy iko , sturdy , late 60 , stare uncertainly at the tense Stranger sit at she diner counter . the Stranger will only ever speak in a sibilant , slimy whisper -- lucy alcohol 's illegal this month -- folk have a hard enough time in the dark without booze make it worse -- stranger forget the liquor , Lucy . bring I a bowl of raw hamburger . lucy you can only get meat two way around here -- freeze and burnt . 17 . stranger you do not give I what I want to eat . what I want to drink . he run a nail across she cheek threateningly . eben clap a hand on the Stranger 's shoulder -- eben that 's enough , pal . leave the woman be , time to hit the road . the Stranger rise , out to intimidate -- he 's a bit taller than eben , but eben stand he ground without a flinch -- stranger what 's wrong with a man want a little fresh meat ? eben if you refuse to leave , I ’1ll escort you out of here myself . stranger ( loom over eben ) I would like to see that . a gun barrel press against the back of the Stranger 's head ; stella be here , with billy behind she , as she pull back the hammer on she weapon -- stella I would too -- but then Lucy have have to clean up after eben kick you ass , it 's more trouble than you be worth . as eben take out cuff for the Stranger , he take in stella 's presence -- too cool to react , but he energy noticeably different as he look to stella 's gun with a raise eyebrow -- eben Fire marshal 's office let you carry that ? stella 's also different be around eben , but she know the best defense be a good offense -- stella funny thing , I never ask they . eben grin to himself as he cuff the Stranger ; it 's clear he respects how tough stella be . he look to billy -- 18 . eben my deputy could have help I here -- billy ( a affable shrug ) yeah , but , well , eben , it 's stella . eben nod ; billy have a point . he try to keep thing diplomatic with stella -- eben miss you plane ? that suck . where be you gonna stay ? stella billy and Peggy be put I up . eben ( that suck , too ) well . talk to you sometime , I guess . it 's awkward , and luckily for eben , he 's get work to do . but stella shoot a look at billy that maybe she ’1ll leave he * here , then look to eben as he lead the cuffed Stranger out --* stella maybe I x11 come along -- say hi to * Jake and helen -- ? eben 's get mix feeling about it , can not figure out a reason to say yes , can not figure out a reason to say no -- 25a int . eben 's 4x4 - night 25 a eben drive while stella ride shotgun , with the Stranger cuffed and seethe in the back . they be silent for several moment , neither of they ready for small talk . finally -- eben -- suddenly there 's more vandalism here than in the last three year -- silence . finally -- stella do not you know how to take care of this town without I ? it 's one of that joke that hit so wrong ; eben 's answer could take a day and a half . finally stella get to why she really come along -- 26 19 . stella ( cont would ) look , I do not want to mention it in public , but I think somebody screw with the brake on the ditch driller -- silence . finally -- eben Hell of a day . stranger just wait . eben silence the Stranger with a glare , shoot a glance to stella : let 's not talk now , for God 's sake . int . sheriff 's station - night 26 cell bar slam in the Stranger 's face as eben lock he up and question he , Jake watch warily in the b.g. eben you do not work at the refinery . you would have be see fly in . when have you get here ? ( off he silence ) we have get all night -- the Stranger smirk , raise a eyebrow : do they ? suddenly helen bang at she monitor -- helen oh , criminy ! Computer 's down . eben I 'il call Gus -- ( lift the phone ) phone 's dead , too . eben slam the receiver down in frustration as the Stranger whisper with a smirk -- stranger Mr. and Mrs. sheriff . so sweet . so helpless against what 's come . Jake pull into a corner , freak out . stella reassure he -- stella he 's just try to get we blood up . jake it 's work . 27 28 29 20 . eben we have get better thing to worry about . i’11 check on Gus . stranger check on Gus . board the window . try to hide . they be come and this time they 'il take I with they , honor I for all I have do -- ! eben who be '' they ? '' the Stranger stare steadily at eben , not give a inch . Jake try to focus on he game . behind he , through the window , a dead - white face appear for a flash . then it 's gone , just as Jake turn , sense it -- light black out -- throw the room into darkness . the Stranger whisper again , surer and surer of himself -- stranger board the window -- try to hide -- ext . street —- night 27 amidst the snowfall , the twinkle streetlight blink out -- omitted 28 int . sheriff 's station - night - resume 29 * * Jake open the front door in the darkness , ready to head out --* jake I 'o 1ll hit the generator -- eben nod , ransack a drawer in helen 's desk -- eben take a flash -- here -- helen I will get they -- but before helen can intercede , eben lift up a flashlight and shine it on a plastic bag fill with pot . he 's baffle -- eben what the hell be this ? 30 21. jake ( off helen ) pot . it help with she cancer . she 's get a little greenhouse at home . helen ( lightly ) do not tell you , do not want you to have to arrest I . eben shake he head , perplex , hand a second flash to stella as he look back to Jake -- eben now I get why you move into helen 's spare room -- jake ( protest too much ) noooo , I just think you and stella oughta have privacy -- eben yeah , that 's work out real well . I be head for the cell tower . jake ( off the Stranger 's grin ) we have to stay here with he ? stella ( a good pal for Jake ) sure , we can sit here and mock he . Jake beam appreciatively -- we can see he 's glad to have stella back around . eben note it , too , but he 's too focus on he yellow alert to respond -- eben helen , as soon as the line be up , get billy over here . stay on the walkie-talkie with I till the power 's back -- helen nod , as the Stranger grin in expectation -- ext . dish tower - night 30 snowfall . eben emerge warily from the 4 x4 , flashlight and pistol ready . he round a corner and stop , pale -- the chain - link fence be down , twisted and bent in the snow . eben pull he weapon , tensing -- + % +e + % * * 31 22. eben gus -- ?! silence . he press forward , see the satellite dish pull down , break -- the antennas bent and snap , wire sparking . eben ( cont would ) what the hell -- ? eben continue to search . his flashlight find a trail of frozen blood in the snow , red and glossy . follow the trail , eben find gus lambert 's body , decapitate and twisted in a tangle of wire and bent steel . continuing the sweep with he flashlight -- eben sees a pole stuck in the ice -- atop which sit gus 's head , wide - eyed in painful death . Fighting not to vomit , eben shine the flash everywhere , but he be alone . his breath be heavy , audible in the ominous silence . he click he walkie-talkie -- eben ( cont would ) come in , come in , helen -- helen ( 0.s. ) ( on walkie - talkie ) Roger , eben . what happen there ? eben ( mind racing ) we be be cut off . ext . street / eben 's 4x4 - night 31 snowfall . as he drive , eben 's voice blast over a speaker : eben -- sheriff eben oleson ! this be not a drill ! stay in you home ! lock you door ! load you firearm ! I repeat , barrow be under curfew -- ! he slow as the 4x4 be approach by a small clutch of worried resident -- the jayko twin and the robbins family -- frank , michelle , teenage larry and seven - year - old gail . eben roll down he window , work for a voice of solid and calm authority even as he own pulse be racing -- eben ( cont would ) Frank , Michelle , you get you generator run ? ( off they nod ) ( more ) 32 32a 32b 32 cc 33 23 . eben ( cont no ) tell anyone without a jenny , meet at the diner , stay with Lucy , she ’1ll have * heat and power there . do not anyone * wander off alone . get inside , do not let in anyone you do not know . and if you have get gun -- load ‘em . int . riis live room - night 32 * John riis , mourn , power up he home generator as he hear * eben outside -- eben ( 0.s. ) lock you door ! load you firearm -- eben 's voice fade away , light flicker to life as John pull * out he shotgun -- int . riis dine room - night - continuous 32a * ally call to the next room , lighting candle for suppertime --* ally let 's have dinner , John -- please ? it ' will take we mind off -- she sit , close she eye a moment , still hurt by the loss of she dog . then she open she eye , resolve to move ahead -- smaaasssshh -- ! the window shatter and a dark figure hurtle into the room , hide for a moment behind the table . ally freeze in panic : what the hell be she alone with -- ?! int . riis live room - night 32b * hear the smash , John take he gun and run to ally -- int . riis dine room - night - continuous 32c * -- see ally scream , pulled out through the window -- ! ext . riis home - night - moment later 33 * snowfall . panicked , riis emerge and pump he shotgun , look * this way and that , squinting he way through the snowfall -- where be she scream come from ? he search the ground for track , but the snow 's already fill in he own footstep . he circle about , more and more anxious -- and lose he breath as he see there 's still a faint trail lead to the crawlspace underneath the house -- he kneel , point he gun under the house -- and something grab he , rip a scar across he face . 34 24 . he empties both barrel into the figure -- only to gasp as the shotgun be torn from he hand , toss away and lose ina snowbank -- he drop to the ground , hissing in pain and blind by the snow , clutching he right leg -- the calf have be break -- riis clear he eye , drag himself cry in pain toward ally : sheas scream and fight like a banshee against a shadowy figure . riis lunge for she , grab she hand -- riis ally -- !!! but the creature easily drag she away -- riis try to hang on , which pull he underneath the house himself until he can no longer maintain he grip -- as ally vanish in the dark , scream -- ally johhhhhhhn -- !! riis watch she vanish in the distance underneath the neighbor 's house . his eye be full of loss and pain -- ext . street - night 34 Aaron and gabe face off as denise watch , laugh -- aaron all right ! rock , paper , scissors , whoever win , we go to he place -- DENISE c'mon , let 's do this and get move -- the guy wind up -- one , two -- Aaron produce a rock , gabe flash he finger open like a little explosion -- gabe nuclear explosion , it burn up rock , paper and scissors , I win -- DENISE talk about desperate -- gabe okay , we will do it the boring way -- Aaron and gabe face off again -- one , two -- and suddenly gabe be gone , whipped away into the darkness with a cry -- * 35 36 25 . DENISE gabe -- ?!! Aaron stare for a moment in sheer shock -- denise , frighten , back away a couple of step -- aaron gabe -- ?! Aaron 's call be interrupt by a gnashing and tearing -- a vicious , viscous rip as gabe scream a deathcry . denise bolt away -- not need another clue -- as gabe 's body be thrown back like a rag doll -- san throat . he keep convulse because he have not figure out he 's dead -- Aaron 's paralyze between stay to fight and run -- as two shadow loom up behind he -- omitted 35 * int . sheriff 's station - night 36 * weak light from the generator . Jake play Risk ; stella and * helen have reluctantly join in the game -- stranger no way out of town . nobody to come * help . who will go first , I wonder ? * jake shut up . helen ignore he , Jake . stranger which of you will they take first ? the woman who think a gu n’1ll help she ? the kid ? or the old gal ? * jake shut up !! Jake lose it , throw a game token at the Stranger , who pick * it up , gloat -- * stranger thanks for the plastic . I can snap this apart , use it to pick the lock -- 26 . the Stranger 's do no such thing -- he 's just idly play with the token , teasing Jake and lead he on -- jake no , you will not -- stella Jake , he can not -- ! before stella can stop he , Jake head for the cell -- unprepare as the stranger grab jake and pull he tight against the cell bar -- jake gasp in pain , try to call out but unable to get he breath as the Stranger slowly strangle he , hissing : stranger the key . now . stella seethes , hat this deal but have no choice . as helen tremble , stella pick up Jake 's drop flashlight and reach for the key -- stranger ( cont would ) ( as jake gasp ) better hurry -- the key clang as stella reach for the lock , open the door -- stranger ( cont would ) now back away -- as Jake 's eye bulge , stella step back , seethe and wait for some window to act . the Stranger move a arm around the cell door , ready to swing Jake around as a shield -- just as eben fire he pistol through the window of the front door -- the Stranger drop to the floor as eben enter -- Jake fall as well , with helen embrace he -- helen Jake -- ! eben take the key from stella , open the cell and stand over the prone form of the Stranger , soberly absorb what he 's do . he look to helen , concerned for she -- eben do you need to go home ? take Jake with you ? * * 37 27 . helen ( not sure yet ) -- what happen with Gus ? eben ( search for the word ) someone -- take he apart . ( nod toward the Stranger ) the same day this loon show up . eben check the magazine in he pistol , as stella pace restlessly , ready for action -- eben ( cont would ) if everyone follow curfew , he friend will not have many place to hide . i’11 find billy , then work we way from South Street toward the pipeline -- stella I 'il join you , too -- eben ( thanks , but --) I can handle it . stella right now , you , I and billy be the authority . be stupid not to take more help . whatever you fault , you be not stupid . eben know she 's right , not go to give she the satisfaction of acknowledge it . he look to helen -- helen we have get the walkie-talky , we will be fine . ( eben keep watch she ) we ’1ll be fine . eben nod in appreciation to helen , turn curtly to stella -- eben you drive , I be riding shotgun . stella swallow she temptation to talk back -- ext . / int . street / eben 's 4x4 - night 37 snowfall . stella drive through empty , dark street , glance now and then at eben , careful not to let he see she do so . 38 28. when she focus on the road , eben glance back at she , also not give any ground . but when he return he gaze to the road , peer through the snow , he suddenly lift he gun -- eben stop the truck . stella what ? eben stop the fucking truck . she brake quickly , sense on high alert , know where eben 's tone come from . they step out , search down the street , but there 's nothing visible in the snowy haze -- eben ( cont would ) I know I see something -- stella know eben too well to doubt he -- stella night goggle still in the back ? eben nod curtly , still stare dead ahead , strain he eye through the blackness . stella reach in the back of the truck , retrieve the goggle , take a look down the road -- Pov goggle : the dark snowy landscape wash in green -- and deep within in -- shadow moving , coming right at they -- stella jump and the goggle smash on the road -- stella ( cont would ) get in the truck . eben what ? stella get in the fucking truck . this time it 's eben who know stella too well to doubt . they clamber in , stella turn the ignition and skid off down the road in the opposite direction -- int . eben 's 4x4 - night 38 eben stare backward -- we do not see what he see , but it 's deeply unsettle he -- eben how many of they be there -- ? 39 40 29 . whomp ! something hit the roof of the 4 x4 . stella swerve as eben reach for he gun -- wham ! wham ! wham ! the roof be pounded as massive dent appear above they head . eben 's window shatter -- he reach out and aim he pistol at the roof , firing -- something tumble off the roof , a shadow visible to stella in she rearview mirror roll away in the road behind they as * she floor it away -- * stella * ( breathless ) * what . the Hell . be that . * omitted 39 * ext . street / eben 's 4x4 - night - moment later 40 * snowfall . eben stand in the open door , shotgun cocked , as stella drive . they pass a desert , ransacke hertz sport & ammo , and then a quaint church -- door open , light from inside by a still - run generator , with the decapitate body of the minister lie in the open doorway . Far in the distance -- be that gunshot ? a scream -- ? stella eben -- ?! eben ( fight for calm ) where 's it come from ? where 's it coming from ? they grimace , strain they ear against the storm . eben pick up the walkie - talkie , click it alive -- eben ( cont would ) ( into walkie - talkie ) come in , helen , take the key , lock * yourself and Jake in a cell where nobody can -- helen 's scream interrupt , crackling over the walkie - talkie -- eben look to stella in shock , do not need to say a word as she floors it , fishtail the 4x4 for a moment before get it under control and drive back to the station -- 41 42 30 . int . sheriff 's station - night 4l weak light from the generator . the door be blast off its * hinge ; the window be shattered and the furniture be toss * around . eben and stella move in , weapon draw -- * eben no -- on the floor , helen 's body be twisted and bloody -- across the room , she severe head look over at they sadly . eben lean back on a desk , short of breath staggered by the shock of lose he grandmother -- he fumble for he inhaler and give himself a blast -- stella jake -- ?! jake !! they sweep the station : no sign of Jake . they appraise the * room , wheel turn . the Stranger 's corpse lie exactly as they leave it in the cell , untouched . they look back on the station from inside the cell -- the door 's open , but still they feel trap -- stella ( cont would ) could Jake have get away -- ? eben walk to the open doorway , seethe at how he town 's spiralling out of control -- eben we 'il find out . ext . street / eben 's 4x4 - night 42 snowfall . stella drive they off into the barren street with they alarm light flashing , as -- down the STREET behind they -- figure gather in a desolate intersection , watch . when we can catch a glimpse of they through the shadow , they be gaunt , dead - pale , of vary height and age from young to seasoned to ancient . they breath do not cloud in the cold . they wear black , grey and brown , they clothing old and wear , most of it scavenge from the dead . they eye be entirely black , diamond - hard and shiny so that the snow sometimes reflect in they . they walk like human would -- if human be nothing but muscle and hunger and cruel cun . seventeen of they swarm around the alpha leader of the group -- marlow . mid 30 , feral , rag , relentless . he crack the freeze blood on he face , let it fall as he hiss in a ancient , glottal , unrecognizable language -- 43 31 . marlow ( cry of smug triumph ) Iris agree -- draw , ashen , marlow 's personal bootlicker -- Iris ( sycophancy , hunger ) zurial -- not as tall as marlow , but more craven and famish , admire the town . just two line be subtitled : zurial ( there 's enough feast here to keep we strong for a year , marlow -- ) marlow look to the town , coldly dispassionate . marlow ( we should have do this age ago . ) int . iko diner - night 43 warm and light by a generator , a gather place for refugee . denise break open the door , breathless from flee -- DENISE what be they ? Wilson bulosan , in a booth with he father isaac , 70 , shake he head simply as he look to a panic Doug hertz -- wilson we do not know . isaac ( daze , from Alzheimer 's ) Wilson -- I want to go home -- Wilson pat he father soothingly as Doug overlap in frenzy -- doug you shoot ‘em and they keep come ! carter how 's that possible ? doug I , I do not , maybe they be coke up on pcp , something so they do not feel bullet ? I only get away because they find Kay Lopez , I could not save she ! they kill every sled dog in town -- 32 . DENISE they take Aaron and gabe ; they be strong guy -- Jake rasp from a corner , huddle , a poster child for ptsd -- jake they take helen shuster -- carter reverend pfeiffer , malekai hamm -- ! lucy ( terrify ) John and ally riis , they house be all shattered ! Doc Miller 's , too ! eben and stella , frame in the doorway -- eben kill the light -- panicked , Lucy shut off the light . eben walk to he brother , place a steadying hand on Jake 's shoulder as he look around , do a tactical assessment of the diner -- eben ( cont would ) have anyone see billy -- ? ( off the group 's silence ) you can not stay here . all the window , the open space -- DENISE who the hell be this people , eben ? doug ( over ; hit hysteria ) what do they want ?!! eben we will figure that out after we get all of you someplace safe . maybe the high school , or the clinic -- stella they already hit the church ; they 'il scope out any public place . eben shoot a quick look at stella , surprised to be contradict even as he know she 's right -- carter there 's a generator at the utilidor -- 33 . eben ( consider ) if we have head there when this all start , we might have make it . but it 's way out on the edge of town ; a group this size , we would be spot before we get there . we need someplace close to hide . now . they rack they brain . Doug watch they anxiously , sweat in hope that somebody have a answer -- DENISE Charlie kelso 's attic . there 's a pull - down ladder , you can not tell it 's there , it have be tight but we could fit . stella ( shaking she head ) he would have board up he home before he leave . eben ( this time he 's right ) which be why it 's a good idea . we can pull down a board to get in , then tack it back -- eben search the room -- who 's the most stable , who do he trust most right now ? he settles on he friend Carter -- eben ( cont would ) Carter , lead people close to the building , roll under crawlspace if you hear anything . go straight to Charlie 's attic till I get there . carter where 'il you be ? eben load up with all the flare and beartrap a 4 x4 can carry . something 's gotta slow ‘em down . stella follow he toward the door -- they talk now private -- stella I 'il cover you back . eben ( can not resist it ) sure you will not run away to anchorage ? 44 45 46 47 48 34 . stella ( that be a low blow ) cut I a break . eben consider , nod grimly ; for now they be in a truce . together they head out , determine -- ext . crawlspace - night 44 snowfall . Carter lead denise , Doug , Lucy , Jake , the bulosan under a house , hiss as they creep forward -- carter too fast -- no sudden move -- jake I be cold -- carter you 'il be colder dead . a icicle -- formed of frozen blood -- suddenly fall from the edge of a house and smack to the ground -- everyone freeze , lose a day of life . then they press on -- ext . iko diner - night 45 snowfall . eben and stella recon , then hustle into they 4x4 -- int . eben 's 4x4 - night 46 snowfall . stella reach for the key -- a moment of hesitation as they realize that sound may be they enemy as well . the engine 's unsettlingly loud as stella pull away -- int . eben 's 4x4 - night 47 snowfall . they turn a corner and drive down ransom Street -- when suddenly they be jerked forward against the steering wheel -- the vehicle 's come to a dead halt . stella we be not move -- it 's true . warily they look behind they -- ext . street / eben 's 4x4 - night - continuous 48 snowfall . marlow , Iris and other creature hold onto the back of the jeep , lifting up the rear tire -- stella floors it -- but she only spin the front wheel in the road , while the rear wheel be lift higher and higher . 49 35 . the creature finally up - end the 4 x4 , turn it on its grille . falling into the dash , eben and stella reach for firearm -- one of the creature rip stella 's door open -- she fire a shot that clip the creature on the side of the head . but while anyone else would be reeling , this creature 's only stunne by the shot -- its jaw be still open , slaver -- marlow and Iris finish tipping the 4 x4 over -- eben and stella be jolted and knock off - balance -- the creature smash eben 's window -- safety glass blind he as he gun be grab and hurl away into the snow -- stella ebennnnnn -- !!! he look over to see marlow and Iris drag stella from she side of the 4 x4 , as a gritty roar rise from nowhere -- eben lunge for she desperately , but he 's be pull out he own side of the 4 x4 . they eye lock : they be about to die -- until the gritty roar climaxe : a snowplow careen out of nowhere , slam stella 's attacker into a brick wall -- Beau brower be behind the wheel . he reach out , haul stella in . she stretch for she drop gun , but there 's no time -- beau Quick , goddamn it ! eben 's attacker turn toward the snowplow -- eben scramble and grab onto the passenger side as Beau floors it -- eben and stella be both still clamber inside the cab as Beau 's drive off , he can not linger a extra second for they . as they land beside Beau , eben and stella instinctively look at each other , eye wide -- they have just see each other nearly kill , and it 's hit they each where they live -- as the other creature scramble from the snow , one of eben 's attacker have latch onto the rear bumper and start to climb toward the front of the snowplow as Beau roar away -- ext . / int . rogers avenue / snowplow - night 49 snowfall . Beau turn a corner as eben slam he door shut at last -- but the creature be slowly , hungrily climb toward the front of the vehicle -- eben thanks , Beau -- 50 50 a 51 36 . beau who 's gonna write I ticket if you get fragge ? eben nod , a little too distract to acknowledge the point any more than that , as Beau check the sideview mirror -- all clear . then he check he rearview -- the image of the creature 's eye and fang fill the rearview ! Beau freak for a moment -- then whip the snowplow under a low - hanging canopy , shear off the creature as he round another corner , not sure he 's believe what he 's just do -- int . snowplow - night 50 snowfall . eben wheeze , fight for breath , but with the roar of the snowplow , Beau do not notice -- eben we have gotta ditch this thing , it just call they ! beau and go where ? eben we know a place . stop here -- ! ext . street / snowplow - night 50 a snowfall . TRAVEL over , as Beau slam the truck to a halt , to see the three of they scurry from the snowplow and disappear in a crawlspace underneath a home -- continue traveling for a overview of the whole town -- the majority of the building dark with only the occasional generator offer light here and there . the street be litter with overturn car on fire , dead body lie break and bloody everywhere . here and there , we see severe head on post -- and the shadowy creature stalking the street . it 's hell erupting on earth -- title : day 1 . ext . crawlspace - night 51 snowfall . eben lead Beau and stella cautiously ahead , Beau brandish he shotgun -- they only weapon leave . 52 53 54-56 57 37 . ext . kelso home - night 52 snowfall . across the street from kelso 's house , eben check for creature , while stella and Beau press up against the side of a building -- eben on three . he count off one finger , two , then they run for it . as they carom through the snow , the kelso house look sooo far away -- stella get there first , use she car key to pry loose the board over the front door . as it swing loose , eben and Beau move warily through the front door -- int . kelso home - night - continuous 53 eben and Beau burst inside , breathless , as stella pull the board shut . they stand silently by the door , listen for any trace of pursuer . eben whisper -- eben we can not try the attic just yet . we have gotta make sure we be not see , we do not lead they here . they wait uneasily for a moment -- eben ( cont would ) quietly go through the house , see what we find -- omitted 54-56 int . kelso home - night - moment later 57 Beau show off a pair of old kid 's walkie-talky -- beau kid here leave something good -- eben join Beau in the hall , carry can goods , as stella arrive a armful of candle and a propane heater -- stella and from the master bedroom -- she produce a pistol . eben holster it doubtfully -- know it will not help , but it could not hurt , when -- thhhhummmpp -- a sudden sound from outside . the three freeze , look to each other -- 58 38 . stella ( cont would ) ( tentatively ) snow fall off the roof -- they wait , wait -- no further sound . eben set down he loot , inspect the hallway ceiling -- eben it 's hide well -- he pull at a mould -- a ladder lower into place . cock the pistol , he place a foot on the rung -- Carter 's face slowly edge into view -- shudder with relief as he see it 's eben down below -- int . attic - night 58 warm with the amber glow from the propane heater , stella and eben huddle with the survivor reeling with shock -- denise , Doug , Beau , Carter , Lucy , Jake , Wilson and Isaac . eben how do you know about this attic , denise ? DENISE ( a beat ) do it matter ? eben I need the odd someone else could know about it , too . DENISE um. Charlie hide I here once . when he wife come home early from work . the other nod , unwilling to judge . Jake frown , a little confuse . stella finally settles the matter -- stella glad he do . jake ( off the canister ) how long will this thing last ? eben maybe a week . maybe a little longer . jake then what ? 39 . eben then we find more . lucy and maybe that people give up and go elsewhere . stella where be they go to go , exactly ? wilson ( as that sink in ) I do not think they be people . jake ( agree ) I see they -- feed on helen . they want she blood . they be like vampire , y'know ? stella vampire be make up , Jake . jake some of they have , like , fang . stella maybe they think they be vampire . maybe they file they tooth down and they be some sort of cult . doug ( fight hysteria ) they do not fall when you shoot they ! beau Hell , neither do I . eben ( agree ) just because they be as stubborn as Beau do not make they supernatural . look , I do not care what they be . I just care what we do about they . DENISE there will not be any help for a month . doug ( overlap , despair ) ohhhhh God -- 59 60 40 . lucy we can not last that long -- !! eben rise , determine to put down the grow panic -- eben look . we need rest . we ’1ll sleep in shift . measure out food . then figure out the next step . ( a breath ) we have two advantage . we know barrow . everything , where to hide , where to attack , where to find resource . and : we know cold -- the other look to eben , wary but hopeful because they need hope so much , and eben find a bit more of he stride -- eben ( cont would ) -- we be alaskan . we build town where there 's nothing but ice . we live here for a reason . because nobody else can . off stella , strike by how eben rise to the moment -- ext . street - night 59 title : day 3 . the snowfall have end ; a half moon light the street along with a incongruously glorious array of star . int . attic - night 60 denise punch button on she cellphone again and again ; the screen keep read '' searching system '' -- until finally the screen message change to : '' battery empty -- shutting down . '' sigh as another hope slip away , she look to Carter -- DENISE do anybody in town have , like , a ham radio or something ? carter Larry Cooper have one , but he move to dillingham . even if we could radio somebody , they can not get to we -- eben tear a peephole in a window they have cover in tarpaper , stella take a look outside . nothing . eben look out himself , think for a moment to himself , he thought voice before he realize it -- 61 62 41 . eben if we have kid , this have be worse . stella stare at he quietly -- frustrated not as much by the comment , as by why they fight at all . before she can answer , she 's interrupt by elderly Isaac , sit up in confusion : isaac where 's Catherine ? Catherine ? eben watch in concern as Wilson kneel beside Isaac . wilson Mom die from lung cancer , dad -- sixteen year back . Isaac frown , baffle -- when a sudden crash outside kill the breath in everyone . stella join eben to peer out -- ext . STREET - night - stella 's Pov 61 the door to a home be lie in the street -- two of marlow 's creature be visibly tear through the place . stella ( 0.s. ) they be ransack the clark 's place -- tear through everyone 's home -- int . attic - night - resume 62 the group absorb the news with dread , mentally calculate -- eben all right . it ’1ll take they a few day to get through all the house -- doug ( panic , in eben 's face ) then they will start rip through the board - up place -- we have to move ! eben when do you suggest we do that ? when will not they be out there hunt ? doug we can wait here till they find we and kill we all , or we can run like hell ! some of we will not make it , but that 's better 'o all of we die -- ! 63 64 65 42 . jake then you might want to wait a few more day , lose a little weight so you will not be bring up the rear -- ! Doug slap Jake hard -- which make eben automatically , brutally grab Doug by the neck and stare he down -- eben start a fight , the noise will get we kill a lot faster . you want that ? Doug hear , sulk . eben 's gaze sear the point home -- then he drop Doug , take a deep breath , look to the other -- eben ( cont would ) the utilidor 's the strongest building in town . its generator 's underground , it will not make any noise . we get there , we can last the month . but it 's so far , we can not head there till another storm give we cover . ( look outside ) the next blizzard , we will be ready . ext . street - night 63 title : day 6 . close on kirsten toomey , the daughter we meet at the airport , wander the street -- clothing askew , face bruise . she walk this way and that , terrify and lose -- kirsten someone -- ! int . attic - night 64 Doug and Wilson share a can of beet . eben change the propane canister . stella , Lucy , Carter and Isaac sleep -- until they be awaken by kirsten 's pain voice echoing up to the attic -- kirsten ( 0.s. ) anyone -- ! everyone tense . eben peel back the peephole -- ext . STREET - night 65 kirsten keep wander , desperate and overwhelm -- kirsten hello -- ! 66 43. int . attic - night 66 stella and Carter join eben , watch in horror -- carter we need to bring she in before they find she -- he turn to go for kirsten , until eben hold he -- eben you think they have not already ? Carter blink , confuse . eben point he gaze back outside -- eben ( cont would ) watch -- carter 's Pov -- kirsten wander past -- kirsten someoooone -- ! eben ( 0.s. ) now look at the roof behind she -- Carter 's Pov shift to the rooftop -- where shadow stalk kirsten , watching her every move -- in the attic -- Carter look to eben , griefstrick -- eben ( cont would ) they could take she anytime they want . they be hope she ’1ll lure someone out . carter so we can not do anything ? Doug question eben silently . Carter pick up Doug 's gaze ; he own glance to eben carry the implicit challenge -- with guy like Doug around , you can not be helpless while the town be at stake . eben heed Carter 's advice , decide -- eben I be head out . stella not alone . eben the more of we go , the more chance we will be see . +e 44 , beau I be come with you . agree , stella rise , reach for she gear -- eben protect this attic be the first priority -- ( aside to stella , private ) stella , this folk need hope , you be better at that -- stella nod ; she do not like it , but he 's right . eben reach for the pistol -- and Beau heft up he shotgun -- beau so let 's go , eben -- eben I do not want company . beau do not ask what you want . let 's move . eben Beau , I be sheriff of this town , it 's my job to keep you all safe -- doug yeah , hell of a job you have be do . eben stare dagger at Doug , while stella turn to Beau -- stella listen . we have two firearm . eben 's take the pistol he find downstairs . we need the bigger weapon here with we , Beau . we need you here . doug I shot one of they to hell , he just shrugge it off . weapon will not help . beau ( pugnacious ) maybe yours will not . Beau take a post with he shotgun by the trapdoor . eben lean into stella as he leave , whisper to she -- eben told you you be better with people -- 45 . stella look back evenly , not give he any ground . holding he breath , eben quietly lower the staircase and leave . once he 's go , stella corner Doug , take no prisoner -- stella I hear another slam at eben from you , I 'il throw you to that thing myself . doug ( take aback ) -- I think you and he be -- stella think . that 's where it all go awry for you , Doug . she turn away and look outside apprehensively -- she thought with eben despite everything -- 67-68 omitted 67-68 68a ext . street - night 68a in the starlight , white now with exhaustion and pain , kirsten toomey make another circuit of the town -- now some distance from the kelso house -- kirsten -- hello -- anybody -- she round a corner to find marlow , Iris and four other vampire look at she hungrily -- kirsten ( cont would ) please -- I try -- there 's nobody leave -- please , God -- the vampire circle she slowly , deliberately . the pale , fleshy ARCHIBALD and the cadaverous arvin look to marlow , still speak there ancient tongue -- ARCHIBALD ( rasp of hunger ) arvin ( sycophantic plea ) marlow ( permission to begin ) the vampire nod with marlow 's go-ahead -- then we see one flash of a claw -- there be a red streak on kirsten 's face -- 69 - 75 75 a 46 . another claw flash , then another -- bit by bit she 's be carve away as the vampire each take a turn , circle closer and closer -- while around the corner of the closest house -- eben sidle into view -- fight not to be crush by the discovery that kirsten be beyond help -- and as he lean against the house , in a moment of grief -- a drift of snow fall from the house to the snow , a thud that make two vampire turn in he direction as eben steal off -- omitted 69-75 ext . riis home - night - continuous 75a * eben hurry to flatten himself against a exterior wall of the house , between supplies for riis 's sled dog . he work to * control he breath -- the sudden move threaten to set off he asthma -- while in the distance he see the two vampire search , head off . he may be safe for the moment -- until he blood run cold as he hear : riis ( 0.s . ) * ebennnn -- ! eben 's Pov : across the street , in the shadow of the crawlspace under he house , be a agonize John reese . eben John , how long have you be out here ? riis * ( disorient ) -- not sure -- eben can sense something 's not quite right about reese , though it 's not clear what -- eben where 's ally -- ? riis * they take she -- they bit my face , then take she -- could not follow , leg hurt -- so cold -- eben hang on , we will get you to safety -- riis * so hungry -- so hungry -- 76 47 . eben edge to the edge of the house ; all be quiet . he reach out a hand to riis -- eben I 'il pull you out -- just stay quiet -- eben haul riis forward ; riis use he leave leg only to help propel himself . eben tug the gasp riis to he foot , brace he -- and in the moonlight , we can now see that riis 's scar have turned black -- he eye have turned vampire -black -- riis ebennnnnn -- he open he mouth wide -- he gum have dry up , make he incisor look as long as fang . he aim for eben 's face -- eben see it just in time -- slug riis in the stomach -- he pull away , slip on ice , lose he gun in deep snow . riis fall , daze -- but drive by inexplicable hunger , he limp after eben , who charge off search for cover -- ext . riis backyard - night 76 eben charge through riis 's backyard -- but one snowdrift be deeper than he expect , and he lose he balance , reach out to the chain on a child 's swingset to right himself -- riis lunge for eben , the two tangle in the chain , unable to escape each other . reese 's jaw strain to reach eben -- eben pull out he pistol , but riis pries it from eben 's grasp , drop it so it disappear in the snow -- eben what the hell happen to you -- ? riis blink he eye ; he truly do not know what happen to he . eben search about in panic , he breath growing raspier and raspier , finally see -- a pile of firewood on the side of the house -- and a axe . eben strain the chain of the swing -- it 's 1ll mean let go of riis for a moment , but he dive to reach the axe -- riis , free now , yearn toward eben , jaw salivate , about to clamp he tooth down on eben 's neck -- eben swing the axe hard , catch riis in the shoulder -- 48 . riis ( in pain but still go ) ebennnnnnnn -- !! Black blood flow from riis 's wound as eben wriggle loose , get he bearing and then swing again and again -- focus on eben 's pain as he 's force to do what must be do -- finally he stagger back against the woodpile , grop for he inhaler , giving himself a blast . but it 's the last blast -- eben toss the now-useless inhaler into the snow . he 's not sure how he ’1ll make it without the inhaler , but for now he have no choice . pan from eben toward the swingset , where a headless corpse hang , catch up in the chain of the swing . int . kelso home - night 77 stella and Beau meet a drain eben sweeping he track . they pull the board close as eben join they inside with he axe -- eben -- lose my gun -- beau -- would n’ta do any good anyway -- eben -- think there 's close to twenty of they , but there might as well be two hundred -- they be watch everywhere , do not know what they be plan -- ( the worst revelation ) -- and John become one of they . stella and Beau try to absorb this -- it can not be true -- stella how have you stop he ? eben nod grimly toward he bloody axe -- eben nothing life without a head . stella watch eben wrestle with what he 's do -- stella you have to . eben I may have to again -- they can turn we into they -- tta 78 79 49 , stella oh God -- stella and eben wrestle with the shock -- the world be so much more horrible than they ever dream -- as Beau examine the bloody axe soberly , eye full of dread . stella look to the attic with a sudden apprehension -- stella ( cont would ) if we tell everyone , they 's 1ll panic -- eben people deserve to know . beau and if they do not know , they could get we kill -- they gotta get what 's at stake -- stella ( still not sure ) how do we tell they ? eben ( a beat ) how do we not ? ext . riis backyard - night tia marlow and Iris grimly examine riis 's corpse , marlow finger riis 's fang with he talon - like nail . he look to Iris , curious -- they do not do this . who could have ? omitted 78 int . attic - night 79 title : day 12 . Jake scoops the last from a can of devile Ham , look to stella -- jake you sure you do not want the last ? ( stella shake she head ) I use to like the little devil on this can . stella if we can last till daylight 's back -- they do not show up till sundown . maybe they can not stand the light . it 's only two and a half week -- 50 . DENISE ( a helpless laugh ) yeah , that 's all . doug we can not hold out without food -- ! lucy what about other house ? people might have leave something . eben they could be hide and live on it themselves . there be 152 folk in town . billy and he family , Paul jayko , the robbinse , Adam and jeannie : we be not the only one leave . the other look toward the outside , consider , as eben show they a crude map he 's draw on the back of a traffic ticket -- eben ( cont would ) look . before too long there will be a blizzard . and when it happen , we just need to walk . ( indicate on the map ) each lot in town 's twenty - five foot wide . so the general store 's two hundred seventy - five foot east . the utilidor 's seventy - five west , then due north as far as you can go . we can hit the store for food and then burrow down in the utilidor . ( as the other absorb it ) we know this town . we can walk it blindfolded . we just have to wait for the weather we have live with since we be bear . the survivor stir with hope ; even Doug take a breath and find a bit of patience . stella turn privately toward eben , take he aside -- stella hey . you know how you tell I you could never be a dad ? bullshit . the way you look out for this people -- eben do not compliment I , you 'il just confuse I . 79br-79b 80 81 51 . stella it 's not a compliment . it 's a attempt to ram something through that concrete skull : you can pull off more than you think you can . eben ( a beat ) not if I have to worry my wife 'il run away when we can not work something out . they glare at each other in frustration -- not sure why every conversation between they have to end in a quarrel -- omitted 79a-79b int . attic - night 80 title : day 14 . close on Isaac 's rheumy , eager eye -- int . kelso home - night 81 Isaac have lower the ladder , he 's walk downstairs -- stella follow he with she flashlight , whispering urgently . unlike everyone else who must not speak above a hiss , Isaac speak in he normal full voice , calm and determine -- isaac I be walk to wainwright -- stella it 's eighty mile , there 's no way to get there . come back upstairs -- Wilson descend the staircase , alarmed -- isaac Wilson ! come along , we need to get out ! bring you mother , too -- stella hold onto Isaac before he can reach the front door ; he work to shake she off . stella we will die if you go out there -- ! isaac ( angry now ) no . no . I all die if I stay in here -- stella clamp a hand over Isaac 's mouth . stella and Wilson struggle to hold Isaac back -- he wriggle and writhes until finally he cry , and stop resisting -- 52 . isaac ( cont would ) ( whispering at last ) I be sorry -- Jesus , look at I -- I be so sorry -- wilson ( lose for word ) it 's all right , dad -- anyone would -- stella just stay quiet , Mr. bulosan -- isaac ( look around , confuse ) can I -- the bathroom -- ? stella remember you can not flush , the noise -- we will just open the valve afterward -- Isaac nod , not understanding fully but cooperate for now . they lead he delicately to the bathroom and Wilson close the door on he father -- then slide down the wall , drain . stella try to encourage he -- stella ( cont would ) what be the odd we would make it this long ? we be ahead of the curve . wilson every day they need more food . they 'il be back . stella maybe they 's 1l starve first . ever think of that ? we can see in the empty house , they be not rifling through pantries , they be not live on freeze food -- wilson we nre they freeze food -- suddenly , a sliding rasp from inside the bathroom . they look to each other in alarm . Wilson tap on the door -- wilson ( cont have ) dad ? ( silence ) dad -- ?! ( rise , to stella ) should we break in ? 82 83 53. stella the noise . she pull out she driver 's license , slip it through the door to manipulate it open . she shine she flashlight inside -- revealing a empty bathroom -- and a OPEN window . Wilson turn and run for the front ; stella catch he -- stella ( cont would ) wait ! you can not just rush out there ! wilson he's my father -- ! Wilson tug loose -- stella reach for he again . without warning he turn around and slug she flat -- she land with a thump as Wilson escape out the front door -- int . attic - night - simultaneous 82 the thump make eben 's eye blink instantly awake -- eben stella -- ? he search the room . only Doug and Lucy be awake . Lucy point down the ladder . eben bolt up , disorient and alarmed , and reach for he axe -- int . kelso home - night 83 eben descend the ladder warily , axe ready -- only to find stella daze on the floor where she fall -- eben what the hell happen ? stella I be fine , thanks -- he know that , but he 's too alarmed at the sign of danger to say anything of comfort -- eben how long have this ladder be down ? stella ( get she bearing ) oh God -- maybe five minute -- eben lift the ladder back into place , as stella rise -- 84 85 54 . stella ( cont would ) Isaac take off for wainwright . Wilson go to find he -- eben and you let they go ? stella rub she jaw ; archly -- stella yeah , that 's just what I do . ext . STREET - night 84 Wilson move quickly , risk death every second he 's out -- in the attic he be only wear a down vest , unprepare for the savagery of the cold -- wilson ( hiss ) dad ! dad -- ! silence . snow begins to fall , wind grow . Wilson look to the sky , down a alley , under a house , grow desperate -- the loose door of a house slam in the wind -- Wilson startles , back away from the house -- shiver , tooth start to chatter , he 's realize this be a very bad idea , but he can not abandon he father -- wilson ( cont would ) daaaad -- ! his breath billow -- he wipe snow and tear from he face -- step into a small snowbank -- and be suddenly pulled the rest of the way in -- he start to gasp -- when he cry be muffled in the snow . second by second , the snowbank turn red with he blood . int . kelso house - night 85 eben and stella simmer , bitter with lose Wilson -- eben you should have stop he . stella I fuck try . 86 55 . eben oh yeah ? how hard ? part of you probably think : of course he should look for he dad , right ? stella ( a beat ; stung ) at least Wilson go out do what he have to , for he family -- eben can not believe she 's throw this at he now -- tersely he return the favor -- eben or he be just screw because someone run out on he . eben and stella stare each other down -- too angry to know how to work through this until -- a eerie scratching suddenly fill the room above . eben and stella scramble upstairs and pull the ladder close -- int . attic - night - continuous 86 the scrabbling and scratching across the roof continue , freaking everyone as eben move to kill the propane heater -- eben ( hiss ) get down -- cover up -- ! eben , stella and Jake flatten against the wall by the peephole . the other dive under sleep blanket -- fight to stay quiet and remain still -- the scrabbling move from one side of the roof to another -— then it double and triples , as if there be three creature on the roof now -- Lucy quiver , denise and even Doug both tremble as they feel surround -- there be silence for a moment -- the survivor wonder if they can relax -- then DENISE stifle a scream as a cruel black eye look in through the window , searching -- eben tense , he breathe tight and thin . stella and Jake look to he in concern -- 56 . after a achingly fearful moment , the eye disappear , the scrabbling sound stop . eben look to the other , he voice tight with congestion and alarm -- clearly the kelso house be compromise now -- eben ( cont would ) it 's snow -- grab trashbags from * downstairs , we be get all the food * we can carry -- * but he breathe be also compromise -- eben 's chest heave , suck in air . stella approach , sotto voce : stella you inhaler -- doug ( not sure he hear that ) what -- ? eben ( between breath ) useless -- throw it in the snow -- doug what -- ? stella doug what be you go to do wait a minute wait a minute , * without a inhaler ? do they what ? you have get , like , some * have they in the store -- ? kinda breathe problem ? * eben nod tersely to both of they , fight for breath , as * Doug reappraise eben in a panic -- doug ( cont would ) we be follow you plan , and you be * keep secret ? what else do not we * know -- ? * eben ( have enough of this ) -- shut up , Doug -- doug fuck no ! you shut up ! furious , Doug shove eben back -- and even through he pain breath , eben backhand Doug into the wall . stella intercede as eben brace himself against Jake , pull in air -- 87 88 57 . stella Jesus , Doug ! beau ( over , be eben ) he 's right , we need food -- ! Doug 's about to speak again , when Jake slam he to the floor : jake what the hell ?! when the shit go down , who keep it together ? you be busy shouting , '' they can not be shot ! '' who keep it together ?! they both know the answer . they look to eben , who 's finally recover he breath bit by bit . raspily eben settles it : eben -- we need to move -- ext . street - night 87 title : day 15 . snow fall harder and harder on barrow . a gunshot echoes throughout the town -- int . colletta house - night 88 a modest home . Adam colletta and he wife jeannie , 30 , lie on the live room floor , wrench from they hide place . Adam , a newly - fire pistol in he hand , stare in amazement -- marlow , blood dripping from he chest , glare at they while rip the gun from Adam 's hand . he speak in a gutteral rasp -- he English not easy , he accent unplaceable -- marlow you have you chance to help we find you friend . now , you will have to watch . marlow lift up Adam , reach for a fireplace poker , and impale Adam through the gut and into the wall . choke in pain , Adam be unable to move as marlow take Adam 's chin and direct he gaze toward Iris -- marlow ( cont would ) Iris . you may take you time . neither marlow nor Iris take any sadistic pleasure from this ; it 's simply the price that Adam and jeannie must pay for resistance . Iris reach for a hand of the terrify , sobbing jeannie -- we hear he finger snapping one at a time -- 89 58. adam nooooccccoco -- ! marlow , not as distract by this as he wish he could be , drop he hold on Adam , wander to the stereo system . as jeannie gasp in the b.g. with each finger snapped , marlow rest a talon on a phonograph record sit on the turntable . it 's almost as if , through he talon , he listen to the music in the record groove , he thought alive but unreadable -- int . attic - night 89 everyone be thin , dirtier , drain . eben face they , energize for a plan , a plan not everyone trust yet -- eben -- the fastest of we head to the store for food and supplies -- then if the storm 's still hold out , we all go to the utilidor . doug ( quiet , surly ) you really think we can make it ? eben you can not see a foot out there . so neither can they . the whiteout will cover we track -- if we leave now . carter and how do we get into the utilidor ? it 's lock tight -- hell if I know where my key be -- eben and stella trade look -- wheel turn -- eben that sewage pipe . the one the twin be fix -- ? carter ( think it through ) it 's shut off from the rest of the town . it ’1ll lead straight underground and inside . lucy ( wince at the idea ) the sewage pipe . * * * 90 91 92-93 94 95 96-97 98 59 . eben it have not be use in week . be glad you will be alive to smell it . and once we be out there -- no stopping . there 's no fight this thing , we have to move move move -- ext . street - night 90 whiteout . howling wind . scarve and mask , eben carry he axe as he lead the survivor step by step through the bite snow , as screech echo distantly around they . Lucy stumble , Carter help she as they fight to clear they vision . through the chaos , we hear eben 's breath , shallow and tense -- ext . rooftop - night 91 whiteout . marlow ( chest now wrap in clothes from Adam colletta ) stand with Iris , peer through the sheet of snow -- screeching in anger -- omitted 92-93 ext . general store - night 94 whiteout . eben and he crew feel they way up the step of the general store . Lucy practically sob with relief as Carter help she in . the doorway loom like a black hole with snow collect in the open threshold -- int . general store - night 95 stella run she flashlight over the store as eben 's ready to swing he axe -- all appear clear . the survivor pull plastic trashbags from they parkas , as eben look first to Beau , Lucy , denise and Doug -- eben you four , grab all the can goods you can . stella and Carter , propane and battery . Jake , medical supplies . I be get axe and bear trap . you have two minute . omitted 96-97 int . pharmacy counter - night 98 Jake stuff he bag with pain med and bandage . eben pass he and grab a handful of inhaler . eben pop one open , shake it , blast himself gratefully , shove the inhaler in a pocket and move on with a new energy -- 99 100-102 103 104 60 . int . hardware aisle - night 99 eben pull three bear trap , tuck they under one arm , then reach for axe . down the aisle , stella and Carter bundle up more propane canister and battery -- omitted 100 - 102 int . food aisle - night 103 denise , Beau and Lucy collect case of ensure . Doug additionally stuff he pocket with oreos , grimly chuckle -- doug told my wife I would not live on this while she be go -- DENISE she 'il cut you slack . as they wad they trashbags full of emergency nutrition , they hear a quiet sobbing come from the back . the four of they exchange look , and warily walk toward -- int . rear storage room - night - continuous 104 where they see , from behind , the source of the sobbing -- a little girl , bent over the prone , bloody body of Tom melanson , the kid we meet kissing he girlfriend farewell -- DENISE it 's Tommy melanson -- ( to the girl ) oh , honey , you need to come with -- the girl turn and look at they . her mouth be cover in blood , and we see now that it 's Tom melanson who 's do the sobbing -- the girl be a vampire -- little girl I be do play with this one -- she place a talone hand on Tom 's jaw and rip as she eye they eerily -- little girl ( cont would ) you want to play with I now ? the four onlooker freak -- Beau reach for a shovel to serve as a weapon , while the other charge back into the store -- 105 61 . int . general store - night - continuous 105 denise hiss in a panic toward eben and stella -- DENISE in the back -- !! Beau 's toss violently back into the store like a toy , the shovel clatter uselessly behind he . eben drop he beartrap , brandish a axe , ready to swing -- but the little girl careen out of the storage room like a dervish , present a smaller target than eben expect -- he swing over she head and she knock he down -- the little girl 's about to pounce on eben when stella grab she from behind and throws her away down the aisle -- Doug pull denise toward the front , as Carter reach for a can of mace and spray it into the little girl 's face -- it shriek and only lunge for Carter all the harder , rip off he cap and bare she fang -- but now eben 's back -- he charge the girl and fight to pin she against the wall -- she kick and spit like a snake -- eben look for help -- Beau and stella join he to pin the girl as she nearly wriggle from they grip -- they can not hold she long -- eben the axe -- somebody -- ! down the food aisle -- Doug keep pull denise and Lucy toward the door -- doug come on -- ! the woman waver , not sure if they should run out yet -- in the hardware aisle -- the little girl kick and twist -- eben , Beau and stella be lose they grip on she as Carter reel in pain in the b.g. -- eben somebody ! the axe -- ! and a axeblade flash past eben 's face -- 62 . suddenly the little girl 's body be still -- writhe only in automatic nervous movement for a few moment . eben , stella and Beau look up to see -- Jake -- axe in hand -- fall backward against the dry goods , knock for a loop by what he 's do , fight tear -- eben embrace he brother in concern -- then look to Doug , Lucy and denise as they slowly emerge -- eben ( cont would ) where the hell be you ?! doug ( a beat ) I think we should get the food back to the other -- in case you lose . eben rise in pain , catch he breath as he consider Doug 's plan -- then ruefully clap Doug on the shoulder -- eben smart call . Jake stand over the corpse , still overwhelm -- jake she -- just a girl -- stella ( consol he ) not anymore . DENISE she speak to we . in English . be she some girl they just turn -- or one of they ? do anybody recognize she ? eben ( correct denise ) it. not she . they look toward the decapitate head , wince . nobody have a answer . Lucy walk toward the front door , reeling . Carter ( scarf tightly wrap around he head ) sound nauseate -- carter it pull Tom 's head off before it attack we -- stella maybe they do not just do that out of bloodthirst -- 106-107 108 109 110 63. eben ( agree ) they want to keep they number down . they do not want to give themselves competition . eben and stella share a look : no enemy have ever be more ruthless -- lucy ( from the doorway ) the whiteout 's over -- omitted 106-107 ext . general store - night 108 eben and stella appear in the doorway in panic toward the front -- to see it 's true . the snow have ease to the point where the street be visible again through the front door -- stella we cover 's go . eben and the fresh snow will show track . they regard each other in dread -- ext . rooftop - night 109 lighter snowfall . marlow and Iris stand and shake the snow from they shoulder , ready to hunt again -- across the street , they see two other vampire climb along the eave of house , also starve -- int . general store - night 110 the survivor huddle in the back , trap , brainstorm -- eben they watch the store more than anyplace else . we need to move or we will be trap . doug we can not get to the utilidor . it 's too far without cover . carter could we make it back to you station if somebody create a diversion ? 64 . eben study he old friend , hearing how Carter 's offer himself for that role -- eben it 's not go to be you , Carter -- eben and Carter face off , respect each other 's bravery -- when stella speak up with the energy of a new plan -- stella it will not be you either . this thing can not survive the sun . what if we bring the sun early ? eben like exactly ? stella helen have that medical marijuana operation at home -- jake ( get it ) yeah -- she use a ultraviolet lamp to grow the stuff -- DENISE ( desperate humor ) all right , helen ! stella I can run for she place -- let they follow I -- then fry they with the sunlamp while the rest of you beat it to the sheriff 's station . doug what the hell make you think a sunlamp will make a dent in they ? carter ( overlap ) we have get all kind of wattage at the utilidor and they still come and eat xavier jayko -- stella ultraviolet , Carter . there 's no UV light here for another two week . it will be the last thing they expect . + % +e 65 . beau just because something stop bela lugosi do not mean it will stop this thing . stella they do not show up till it be dark . why would they use that stranger to cut we off -- unless they just can not handle sunlight ? jake what if it do not work -- ? stella ( she 's get nothing ) it have to . ( a deep breath ) take this , I need to run light -- she try to hand eben the propane , but he shake he head -- eben I can run fastest . jake bullshit . I weigh less than you , I do not have asthma -- eben ( suddenly harsh ) shut it , jake -- jake ( be the asthma ) what , everybody know now -- ! eben you be fifteen . forget it . jake I be fifteen , right . you have get a wife , people need you -- eben ( into Jake 's face ) I see you when you kill that girl . crying little boy . you try and tell I you be up to do that three or four more time . what do you say ?! it 's harsh , but eben have to be harsh to keep Jake here . Jake 's stunne silent ; 111 112 113 114 66 . he can not help resent how right eben be . stella glance at Jake , underscore the idea that Jake have better not push it , then look back to eben -- stella you do not even think this pla n’1l work . eben but you do . right ? she 's silent , realize eben trust she this much -- eben ( cont would ) look , who 's the sheriff , and who 's the bureaucrat from anchorage ? I be make the run . I '11 stop they with the sunlamp and see you back at the attic . she steel herself , reluctantly hand he the walkie-talkie . stella you 'il need to start she jenny first . jake it 's in she sideyard by the woodpile . head in the back door , the pot 's grow in the laundry room . stella ( hold eben to this ) see you soon . he turn to go -- she 's loving and hat he for put himself on the line like this -- omitted 111 ext . general store - night 112 Light snowfall , ethereal calm . until eben bolt out of the store , set a land speed record as he let he axe whack against lamppost , draw attention away from the store -- omitted 113 ext . STREET - night 114 Light snowfall . marlow , Iris and two other vampire hear the sound eben 's creating -- they turn a corner to see eben speed away at the end of the next block -- 67 . 115 ext . helen 's house - night 115 Light snowfall . a modest , unassume home , its front window break . eben , wheeze , carom into the side yard and push the generator button . nothing . he push it again , again -- finally it start whirring to life -- 116 ext . new street - night 116 Light snowfall . marlow 's pack turn in the direction of the generator starting up -- 117 int . helen 's house - night 117 eben , breath thicker and thicker , run into the laundry room -- find the pot garden . he blast he inhaler as he flip on a lightswitch -- a bulky ultraviolet sunlamp -- six feet long -- illuminate the now - dead plant -— eben laugh despite himself , light 's never be so beautiful -- 118 ext . general store - night 118 Light snowfall . stella usher the other , arm full of supplies , out into the street -- stella ( hiss ) go , go , go -- ! 119 ext . helen 's house - night 119 the snow have stop . marlow , Iris and the other reach * helen 's house , eye fill with murderous anticipation -- 120 int . helen 's house - night 120 eben ready the sunlamp , steeling himself for confrontation -- the floor creak -- and eben freeze . they could come at he from any direction . the moan of the wind through the house slam a door open and shut somewhere , keep he on edge -- 121 ext . street - night 121 stella 's party hustle ahead -- Beau in the lead , denise , Lucy * and a bundle - up Carter behind he , follow by Jake and stella . Doug , in the rear , stumble in a snowdrift , he store of food spilling everywhere . as he scrabble in the snow quickly to retrieve it all -- 122 123 124 125 68. whoooom -- there be a flash of black -- a vampire drop from the rooftop onto Doug -- he lash at Doug 's neck , keening to call ally as stella 's party disappear around a corner ahead -- stella turn at the keening of the vampire , the gurgling scream from doug -- but Carter pull she onward . in a cold sweat , she know she must keep the other move -- ext . sheriff 's station - night 122 the survivor haul inside -- faint light flicker as the jenny fight on . Beau cover they at the door with he shotgun as stella cope with she fear for eben -- int . helen 's house - night 123 eben 's prime for the attack -- but still it 's a shock when the vampire break down the door after eben . he suck in all the breath he can , and aim the sunlamp at they -- Iris sizzle -- she skin charr as she keens in pain and stagger away -- eben hold fast -- this rare victory overwhelming he with relief , even as he eye widen in awe at this uncanny sight -- marlow pull Iris away , but lock eye with eben for one moment -- nobody have ever destroy one of he toy . he will not forget eben -- marlow back away with the die Iris before he can be hit with the next blast of UV light -- int . sheriff 's station - night 124 Jake look soberly at the floor , where shred of helen 's dress and the Stranger 's clothes lie amid bloodstain . stella kill the light , fire up the walkie - talkie -- stella eben , we be safe -- you status ? int . / ext . helen 's house - night 125 eben look out the window -- outside Iris be collapse to the ground , a charree husk . marlow be visibly ordering the other two attacker to tear the generator loose -- eben it work once -- but they be kill the power -- ! * * * 126 69 . int . sheriff 's station - night - resume 126 stella , Beau and the other survivor listen in alarm -- eben ( 0.s. ) ( on walkie - talkie ) -- I will have to run for it somehow -- DENISE ( hushed , despite herself ) he 's toast -- forget about they quarrel -- stella slowly die inside at the knowledge that she 's lose eben -- Beau 's strike by stella 's pain -- move despite himself -- grab the walkie-talkie from stella , clicking it on -- beau I 'il get you a shot , sheriff . break out and tear for Rogers Avenue , run toward the ditch driller -- eben ( 0.s. ) the brake be jamme on that thing -- beau what I get in mind do not need brake . Beau heft the bear trap , head for the ladder , resolve , he plan become clear to a stunne stella -- stella Beau -- ?!! Beau pull a wad of unpaid ticket from he parka -- beau tell eben to mark this pay in full , okay ? stella you can not -- ! beau eben 's do he turn as decoy -- ( honestly now ) -- he 's need more 'o I be -- off stella , both scared and touch -- and as * 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 70 . int . helen 's house - night 127 eben charge out the front door , while behind the house -- omitted 128 int . helen 's house - night - continuous 129 marlow smashes the sunlamp as he urge the other after eben -- ext . rogers avenue - night 130 eben dart with he axe from house to house , see the street sign for Rogers Avenue -- ext . helen 's house - night 131 marlow snarl in pursuit , point out eben 's footprint to the other -- howling in bloodlust -- ext . rogers avenue - night 132 marlow 's trio be join by four more vampire answer the howl -- the seven prowl down the avenue in search of eben . they pause when they hear a low grumbling roar behind they -- suddenly a enormous chainsaw lunge at marlow 's crew -- the ditch driller . with a impudent Beau at the wheel . the chainsaw 's steel tooth ripping through one vampire 's body -- torn in half as Beau steer the ditch driller forward -- beau who 's next , huh ? the vampire swarm toward the ditch driller furiously -- one of they jump into the dump bay to attack Beau from behind -- SNAP ! he land in a steel bear trap camouflage under the snow . the trap 's teeth rip into he leg -- he bleed black upon the snow and fall off the truck -- maul by the tire chain as Beau drive over he -- eben run to help , outdistance as Beau drive the ditch driller away with the vampire swarm over it . eben stare in awe -- ext . STREET - night 133 Beau see two vampire swarm onto he hood , bashing at the windshield and create spider - web crack throughout . he swerve and fishtail -- hurtle the vamp this way and that . one slip and fall into the chainsaw -- 134 135 136 137 138 71 . Beau floors the gas again -- beau welcome to barrow ! top of the world ! int . sheriff 's station - night 134 stella watch around the edge of a windowblind for eben -- while Carter use a small flashlight to look into a mirror . his face be scar -- skin dead - white -- eye now dead -black . ext . STREET - night 135 Beau drive on , as vampire race toward the ditch driller from * the alley . he aim he shotgun at they -- pump round . loading . reloading . shoot . driving back enemy -- -- but the swarm be inevitably start to engulf he . he circle back onto -- ext . rogers avenue - night 136 -- and steer toward the admiralty BAY HOTEL as vampire * shatter the windshield . power straight into the hotel , Beau scream all the way as the ditch driller impact -- * int . HOTEL - night 137 sudden quiet . the ditch driller sit in the middle of rubble . * Beau grab he shotgun and a box of flare from the truck , climb out through the windshield -- no sign of he enemy . he slide , daze and bleed , off the hood of the truck and look about -- emerging from the rubble , six vampire surround he -- two of they still pin in bear trap -- all of they viciously angry . Beau lift he shotgun -- click . empty . he grin punchily -- reach for a flare -- beau you be not gonna eat I -- he light a flare , drop it in the box -- exploding they all -- ext . STREET - night 138 * eben stop for a second in heartbreak , regard the fiery * glow from Rogers Avenue -- Beau 's sacrifice . * 139 140 72 . ext . HOTEL - night 139 * Beau 's attacker , on fire , throw themselves into the snow as marlow , wait outside , look on in disgust . at last Beau himself stagger out , gasping in pain , near dead , walk on autopilot , a char wreck of a man finally collapse atop the fall sign for the admiralty BAY HOTEL -- * marlow snarl in he inhuman tongue -- and lift he boot above Beau 's head . off the SOUND of the sickening crunch -- * int . sheriff 's station - night 140 eben return and a relieved stella hug he for all he 's worth -- he 's too drain to respond except to mourn -- eben Beau . stella * ( sadly nodd ) * and doug. * stella reach toward eben in grief -- they take hand . in * the b.g. , Jake , Lucy and denise stop sorting the can goods to honor Beau 's loss , while Carter brood from a corner . eben and stella shake with pain , absorb the tragedy -- * then eben embrace stella with all the passion he have ever feel for she . the two of they reconnect , all past quarrel forget -- nearly shaking with the depth of they need for each other -- * they reach for breath and share a deeper look , affirm they bond -- as Lucy break the moment , try to wrap she head * around all the loss -- * lucy * now there 's six of we . * carter * soon there 'il be just five . * Carter pull back he hood and show they he dead - black eye . * the other tense in fear , watch Carter sweat and * tremble like a malaria victim -- as eben and stella steel themselves to fight Carter if they have to -- 73 . carter ( cont would ) -- the girl in the store . I change -- -- so thirsty now -- what do you think , do that thing live forever ? eben lift he axe warily -- stella I -- do not know -- carter could not tell you -- that photo 's all I have get leave of my family -- martha take the kid to visit she mom , they be hit by a drunk driver -- ( fight back tear ) I want to join they so much -- could not bring myself to do it -- but I know they be wait for I -- ( bitterly ) I can not live forever . do not let I -- stella ( sheer denial ) no. no. Carter -- eben ( it 's sink in ) he 's tell we what he want -- eben stare she down -- until she see there 's no other way . eben lift he axe , nod to Carter , walk with he to the station 's kitchen . stella watch they go , eye full of tragedy . nearly writhe with helplessly , stella dread what she 's about to hear -- wait , wait -- and after a moment , we hear the cruel thunk of the axe -- stella and the other survivor wince , know they friend be go now . at last eben trudge back in , aching , walk across the station , unable to look at any of they now . desperate to help , stella cross to he and whisper -- stella we can make it . we get food enough for two more week . eben ( fiercely ) stop it . +e * 141-143 144 145 146 74 . stella stop what ? stop hope ? eben look at she -- consider -- eben the last hopeful idea take away three people I have know my whole damn life . quietly , carefully , stella reach toward eben -- but in the wake of lose Carter , eben pull back , no longer able to accept consolation . they stand not far apart and yet so aware of the chasm between they -- yearn to bridge the gap yet not know how -- as eben 's search for word , suddenly he blink -- eben 's Pov -- a small light flash outside -- eben -- flare with a new sense of mission -- eben ( cont would ) someone 's alive -- they move to the doorway , wary as they study the flashing -- stella morse code -- omitted 141-143 ext . kitka house - night - continuous 144 from a window on the upper floor of a ransacke house two door down across the street , a penlight keep flashing -- eben ( 0.s . ) it 's billy -- ( decode ) hid in the vent -- they tore through he house -- int . kitka house - night 145 wedge against a window by a pile of furniture hurl into a corner , billy kitka -- eben 's childhood friend who report the vandalism of the snowcat -- desperately work a small penlight on he key -- int . sheriff 's station - night - continuous 146 stella watch as eben decode the morse code flash -- * +h of * 147 148 75 . eben ( read ) he 'il warn we when it 's safe -- he can see the town , they be come back -- ! the flash light disappear to blackness as stella and eben close the door in alarm -- ext . helen 's house - night 147 marlow stalk up to where the charree body of Iris lie upon the icy tarmac -- glower as he regards she ruin form -- he kneel beside she , run he nail along she skin . it almost look sentimental -- until he suddenly , viciously sink he teeth into her neck , start to feed -- nothing be more important than he hunger . after a moment , he come up for air , face bloody -- and eye full of the need for vengeance -- int . sheriff 's station - night 148 title : day 21 . Jake , denise and Lucy watch as eben and stella suit up to head outside -- DENISE what kind of shape can he be in ? lucy maybe he should stay there ; we can hold out here if he 's we lookout . stella he 's starve , Lucy -- while the street be clear now , we do not have any choice -- lucy do not we ? denise silence Lucy with a glare . Jake hand stella a can of ensure as eben take one of the walkie-talky -- jake this 'il help he get back -- eben you will be okay here , Jake ? Jake nod solemnly , a silent promise to he brother than he 's up to the job . eben shoot a look to Lucy as he prepare to go , firmly resolve -- + % +e * 149 150-153 154 76 . eben ( cont would ) we be not lose anyone else . ext . street - night 149 eben and stella check the coast -- run across the street into a alley and catch they breath -- a wind from somewhere -- a creak -- be they be watch ? they hesitate , look to each other -- they have no other choice . furiously they bolt toward billy 's house -- omitted 150-153 int . kitka house bedroom - night 154 search through the house , stella whisper eben into the bedroom where furniture have be throw against the wall -- stella billy 's wife and daughter -- they have not be touch -- a eerily tranquil woman , in her 40s , sleep on the floor beside her teenage daughter , there body tossed aside -— eben sense something 's not right , kneel beside the body -- where he see bullet hole at the base of the woman 's neck . eben someone -- shot they . it 's the worst thing eben could see right now -- a family kill , betrayed as they sleep . as he try to bear up -- behind the hurled furniture , billy 's voice creak out weakly : billy I do -- stella and eben work to pull the furniture away , revealing billy , daze and guilty . stella grab the can of ensure and kneel beside he -- stella drink this . eben ( as he do ) billy -- you family -- ? 77 . billy ( painful nod ) -- do not want they to die like the other -- stella close she eye in grief as a shocked eben absorb it -- billy ( cont would ) -- try to shoot myself , too -- but the fuck gun jamme -- they come when they hear the shot , I hide here and get trap -- ( cry now ) -- should not have signall to you , just could not stand be alone -- without warning , eben whack billy into the wall , rage boil over -- stella ( in shock ) eben -- ! he lift billy up and backhand he again , until stella hold he back . eben 's fight not to be so loud as to attract the enemy and yet unable to stop himself -- eben you have a family ! a family ! you do not ever hurt they , you do whatever it fuck take to -- eben lose he breath in he fury , as billy cry silently , know he guilt . eben shake he head , not know what to do with billy -- until finally , he gruffly extend a hand -- eben ( cont would ) when the sun come up -- you can tell it to a judge -- eben -- lift a unsteady billy to he foot , but billy stumble back , unable to keep he balance -- eben ( cont would ) you have not use you leg in two week . you ’1ll need to work up to it . ( a beat ) it could take we day to get back to the station if they be out in the street again -- 155 156 157 78. billy ( truly lose ) why would we go there -- ? eben Jake 's there with denise and Lucy . we will reconnect when we can , then move to the utilidor . there 's a sewage pipe outside , we can get into the plant without they see -- eben take a breath and lift billy back up , determine -- eben ( cont would ) first let 's get you able to walk -- ext . street - night 155 title : day 23 . wind howl , drive snow like sand -- eben and stella support billy as they sidle toward the station . omitted 156 int . sheriff 's station - night 157 eben warily enter , expect anything -- eben oh God -- stella what ? eben 's Pov : the station be empty . eben bolt the rest of the way in , search . stella and billy look about , fight back terror . stella pick up the other walkie-talkie , abandon on the floor -- stella ( cont would ) ( need hope so badly ) maybe they try for the utilidor -- eben nod , summon up energy to head outside again -- eben we will check every house on the way -- they head out , reach into they heart for strength -- 158-161 omitted 158-161 79 . 161a ext . jayko house - night 161a * title : day 26 . Zurial and Archibald circle this house hungrily , scratching at the window -- 161b int . colletta house - night 161b from behind the curtain in this now - ransacke and bloodstain home , eben watch as -- 161¢c ext . jayko house - night 161 '' * eben 's Pov -- Paul jayko , one of the twin sewage worker , * bolt from he house in desperation , drive mad by the taunting of Zurial and Archibald -- Paul run through the snow for just one horrific moment as * marlow swoops down from a roof , plummete the scream paul * into a snowdrift -- Zurial and Archibald careen after he , ready to feed , only to see that marlow have beat they to it -- ARCHIBALD ( territorial snarl ) marlow rear up , face wet with blood , willing to tolerate no * challenge to he kill -- marlow ( feral threat ) he do not have to say it twice . Archibald and Zurial back * off , watch obediently as marlow descend again to feed on * Paul jayko -- * 161d-16 dmitted 161d -162 * 163 ext . crawlspace - night 163 * title : day 29 . drain , pallid , but force themselves onward , eben , stella and billy crawl inch by inch , whispering : billy -- we have be push all week and only make it a few block -- stella -- not even in a straight line -- eben -- we do not have much further to go -- 164 165 166 167 167a 168 80 . they tense at the keening wail of a vampire nearby -- who be the next prey ? omitted 164 int . robbins house hallway - night 165 Zurial stalk through the house , keening . intercut with -- int . robbins house - closet - night - simultaneous 166 cramme into the closet for the hot water heater be Frank and Michelle robbin and they kid Larry and gail . they quail , hearing zurial 's footstep , he unearthly keening -- after a horrible moment , the footstep fade away , the keen end -- Larry sigh , hope they be safe -- zurial -- in the hallway , turn suddenly -- and see the cloud of larry 's breath coming from the closet -- ext . crawlspace - night 167 scream pull eben , stella and billy to the edge of the house to see -- ext . robbins house - night 167a eben 's Pov -- gail fill the frame , careen from the house scream -- Far in the b.g. , we see what gail be run from : the destruction of she family . Zurial drop the remain of the boy Larry ( he mother Michelle 's now dead inside ) , as Larry 's father Frank throw himself at Zurial in a desperate attempt to save he family . jzurial clutches Frank by the throat with one hand and begin severing frank one limb at a time -- but mostly what we see be gail -- because she 's running straight toward the crawlspace where eben be hiding -- ext . crawlspace - night - continuous 168 stella reach out to embrace gail , clamping a hand over she mouth to stop she cry -- eben 's Pov -- it 's too late -- Zurial look up from he attack on Frank , narrowing he gaze to find the source of gail 's crying -- look right into the eye of eben , stella and billy . he keens hungrily at the sight of they -- eben -- shoot a order to billy -- + h * 81. eben I be give you a chance to help save someone -- ( then to stella ) get she away , we will cover you -- 169 ext . robbins house - night - continuous 169 eben roll out with billy before stella can argue -- raise he axe and tear with billy around the side of the house -- face bloody , Zurial follow eben and billy around the house -- 170 ext . crawlspace - night - continuous 170 stella and gail scramble out , search furiously for safety -- 171 int . robbins house kitchen - night - continuous 171 eben and billy run inside the back door , past Michelle 's corpse on the floor -- but Zurial be there before they know it -- he grab eben , and the axe clatter to the floor . billy freak and run out -- eben 's shocked by the desertion as Zurial 's jaw open wide for the attack -- 172 omitted 172 173 ext . street - night - simultaneous 173 stella and gail hesitate by a trio of abandoned car as they reach a corner -- footstep nearing they -- stella look about wildly in search of safety -- 174 int . robbins house kitchen - night - resume 174 eben flail a arm toward the kitchen counter , find a carving knife and slashes it across Zurial 's face before the vampire can attack . Zurial reel with a eerie keening scream , he black blood spurting across he eye -- eben reach for the axe and scramble away as Zurial clutches he face in pain -- 175-176 omitted 175-176 177 ext . utilidor - night 177 seemingly desolate , on the edge of town -- 178-179 omitted 178-179 * +e 180 180 a 180b 82. int . muffin monster - night 180 Inside the mouth of a sewage pipe , eben edge forward . a whirring mechanical noise echoes through the pipe , shadow trace they way across he as he move , creak jump up from here and there -- do he dare to take another step ? what other choice do he have ? he creep ahead another step -- hold he breath as the pipe creak -- he 's nearly make it to sanctuary when he see the source of the humming . the whirling , razor -edge shaft of the colossal shredder be almost beneath he , he 'il have to jump over they to safety . he leap forward -- and as soon as he land , without warning , Lucy , Jake and denise emerge from hide , ready to shove he into the blade ! Jake pull they back just in time -- jake eben ! DENISE we nearly kill you -- ! eben hug Jake closely , look at the three of they -- last survivor at the alamo . all be pale , desperately need a shower and about a week of sleep -- look as desperate as the vampire . eben where 's stella ? gail robbin ? they all look back sadly -- they have no answer -- eben ( cont would ) oh God -- they be still out there -- ! off eben , in sudden cold sweat , steeling himself for the worst threat , the possibility that stella might not make it -- ext . pump house , utilidor - night 180a a gaunt , desperate billy stand at the sewage pipe which the jayko twin work , twist the hatch . once it 's open , he slide into the sewage pipe and close the hatch after he -- not see that in the distance , arvin track he steadily -- int . storage tank corridor - night 180b follow by the other , eben move to the window , search outside for stella , pull out he walkie - talkie -- 180c 180d 180e 83. eben ( into walkie - talkie ) stella -- ! come in , stella , where be you -- ? int . muffin monster - night 180c billy crawl from the pipe , see the spin blade of the shredder . take a deep breath , he jump over the blade and tumble into the main room , timid and drain -- billy hello -- ? anyone -- ? glinting in the empty sewage pipe behind he , arvin 's vampire - black eye -- int . storage tank corridor - night 180d eben scan the town for any sign of hope , when -- billy ( 0.s. ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa —- |! eben and the other survivor trade glance -- know they 'il need all of they to help if they have be compromise -- int . muffin monster - night 180e arvin feed on a twitching , still live billy -- eben tear in , brandish he axe -- he take a crush swing at arvin just as arvin turn , and the axe embed itself in arvin 's arm -- Lucy scream as arvin hurl the axe away and then dive toward eben , seethe in pain and anger , and turn on denise -- Lucy , denise and Jake grab arvin 's arm and try to haul he back toward the muffin monster -- but arvin shrug they off easily -- until eben , use the distraction , hurtle himself squarely into arvin -- knocking arvin toward the whirling shaft of the shredder -- it 's not quite enough to knock he in -- arvin catch himself and snarl ferally at eben , ready to charge he . billy , on the verge of death , see eben with nowhere to run -- billy ( desperately ) no -- 84 . summon every ounce of adrenalin he have leave , billy ram * arvin the rest of the way in -- arvin 's pull through the shaft , unable to resist , buffete into the depth of the muffin monster to he destruction -- even as billy nearly fall in the shredder himself -- he howl as the blade of the shredder clip off he hand -- ! denise scream , Lucy fight hysteria as billy reel to the floor , hide he bloody stump of a arm -- eben land at he side , grateful for billy 's help even as he mourn what it have cost billy -- eben billy -- billy ( hiss ) -- I be dead , eben -- billy writhes on the floor , he eye turning vampire -black . eben reach for he axe , summoning strength , know what he have to do -- billy involuntarily keens as he see the axe raise , a sudden deafening wail that cut to the heart -- 180f ext . street - night 180f marlow , stalking through the town with a quartet of vampire , turn at the distant sound of billy keening . at he side , a wounded Zurial stand , he face scarree but intact . they * nostril flare as they hear billy ; there must still prey to be squeeze from this town -- narrow he eye , marlow search down the street -- 180g ext . utilidor - night - continuous - marlow 's Pov 180g the desolate sewage plant wait as billy 's keening die away -- 180h ext . street - night - resume 180h marlow gesture to he pack ; the four vampire plunge ahead -- 1801 ext . utilidor - night - continuous 1801 the four vampire bash at the pump house door , unable to break the steel and concrete -- 1807 181 85 . int . muffin monster - night - simultaneous 1807 eben lift up he axe and ruefully wipe away billy 's blood -- when the survivor hear the pounding echoing from above . denise , Jake and Lucy work to resist panic , shiver and look to eben for any small hope . without stella at he side , he give they as much as he can give -- eben we 'il wait it out . ( and , seethe ) we will have to . int . storage tank corridor - night 181 eben pace , lose it -- the hour without stella be take a harsh toll . he blast he inhaler , click the walkie - talkie -- eben ( into walkie - talkie ) stella , where be you -- ? ( wait , wait ) stella , we be okay , come in -- nothing but silence . he shudder with rage and helplessness -- denise , Lucy and Jake be beyond tired ; they lip be parched , eye bloodshot , clothes hang like dead skin . denise walk down the corridor carry a bottle of vodka , a * box of chocolate and a jar of vitamin -- she present they to the other with the quiet humor of the totally drain -- DENISE found this behind the first aid kit : three of the four basic food group . let 's mark the occasion . one day till sunrise . jake ( eyeing the vodka ) * be I too young for this ? DENISE ( uncork it ) nobody 's too young in this town . Lucy nibble on a chocolate , she fear welling up again -- lucy what if the sun do not come up ? what if there 's a storm ? eben turn , stunne at the idea -- fight for hope -- 182 86 . eben -- let 's survive today . and then we will survive tomorrow . Jake -- eben gesture for Jake to join he privately -- eben ( cont would ) I just want to make sure you know -- good job get everyone here . Jake take in the praise -- right now it 's as valuable as food . and it 's clear they do not have many chance leave to say the thing we all should say to each other -- suddenly the walkie - talkie on eben 's belt crackle to life --— stella ( 0.s. ) eben -- come in , eben -- over -- her voice be thin , whisper , tired -- but it 's never be more welcome to eben as he click on he walkie - talkie -- eben stella -- ! stella ( 0.s. ) -- whisper -- they have be walk around , but I have to hear you voice -- I have get gail with I -- eben where be you ? ext . under parked car - night - simultaneous 182 stella and gail , blue with cold , huddle together under a parked chevy , with snow pack up around the side to form a makeshift igloo . stella whisper into the walkie - talkie -- stella under Paul jayko 's chevy -- gail -- so cold -- stella look to gail in concern -- the little girl fight to keep she tooth from chatter . stella hug gail even tighter to she , pour every bit of nurture she have in she soul into keep he girl safe -- 183-184 omitted 183-184 +e 185 186 187 ext . storage tank corridor - night the other crowd a newly - energize eben , stare outside eben ( on walkie - talkie ) the sun come up tomorrow -- you and I ' 1l see it together -- a beat as eben wrack he brain for something to inspire eben ( cont have ) -- remember that ridge ? where we have we first date ? we will make it back there , baby -- I promise -- he keep search -- he know he need to give she more just memory to keep she go -- but what ? Jake spot strand chevy , point it out to eben -- jake there 's the car ! DENISE ( eye widen ) too many of they -- they have kill we way before we would reach she -- ext . street - night - eben 's Pov from the height of the storage tank , the desolate town i. 87 . 185 she -- than the 186 's laid bare under the star . on the main drag , some five block away from the utilidor , a abandon chevy wait in the snow and a block closer , marlow and five other vampire be gathering in the STREET -- eben ( 0.s. ) they be a block away , baby -- we need to cut off before they hear you -- ext . storage tank corridor - night - resume eben clutches the walkie - talkie like a lifeline -- eben -- I 'il call you when it 's safe -- and he add , for the first time in a long while -- eben ( cont would ) I love you -- 187 188-189 190 191 88. a pause -- do stella hear ? finally , faintly -- stella ( 0.s . ) I be sorry , baby -- should not ever have leave you -- she click off -- as eben steel himself , determine that he will do anything but let she down -- omitted 188-189 ext . street - night 190 title : day 30 . the remain vampire -- eleven grim jackal -- listen as marlow speak in he arcane language -- marlow ( clear , vicious order ) the other vampire careen away to do marlow 's bid -- ext . under parked car - night 191 stella 's walkie - talkie crackle in , eben 's voice whispering at its lowest and most intimate volume -- eben ( 0.s. ) stella -- click twice to let I know you be all right . stella 's fight for strength , she and gail both suffer from the chill , they skin turn brittle and blue . she click the walkie-talkie once -- then twice -- eben ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) they be up to something , can not tell what -- just run like hell if I call -- stella click twice to acknowledge he -- eben take a breath , determine to do something as rough for he as survive in the cold be for stella -- eben ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) baby -- I never want to lose you . I just could not see how to -- ( step up to the plate ) listen . we get through this -- when we do get through this -- ( the step he could not take ) -- you will have a family -- 192 193 194 195 196 197 89 . stella close she eye , this precious moment warring with desperation -- it would be so easy to go to sleep forever -- eben ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) I ' 1l come through for you , just stay with I -- stella clutches gail closer to she -- hearing eben speak like this mean so very much to she -- int . storage tank corridor - night 192 eben listen , hear two click in answer -- and pray -- ext . street - night 193 a mysterious blackness ooze into the street everywhere -- int . storage tank corridor - night 194 denise stare out the window -- DENISE the street be fill up with something black -- eben push past she , squinting into the distance , pale -- eben they have break into the pipeline -- omitted 195 ext . barrow - night - continuous 196 * from the utilidor , we survey the decimate town of barrow . at * the town 's far end , marlow grimly savor the moment as he strike a match -- and drop the light match into the street -- which ignite in oily flame . int . storage tank corridor - night 197 eben keep stare , put it all together in dread -- eben they plan this all along -- burn down the town . DENISE everything we have build . nobody 'il know what happen . they 'il think it be some horrible accident . * 198 199 200 90 . lucy * next year they 's 1l take out Point hope . * or wainwright . * jake this building 's strong . can not we ride it out here ? eben maybe . ( a beat ) but that chevy stella 's under will go off like a bomb . Lucy sink back in shock , as eben reel -- ext . rogers avenue - night - shortly later 198 the fire spread through barrow like lava from hell -- house ignite , a suv park on the street burn away -- two barrowite , hide up till now , run out from a blaze * house , scream , they clothes singe , run toward the utilidor for they last chance at safety -- when a pack of vampire lunge from the roof of a building , landing on the survivor and feed -- ext . under parked car - night 199 gail , wrap inside stella 's parka , look to she -- gail * what happen when you die ? * stella * we be not gonna die , gail , we just * have to wait a little longer -- * gail ( not so sure ) * it feel warmer -- stella ( concerned ) stay awake , honey -- ext . street - night 200 near the utilidor , marlow and he pack watch in satisfaction as the inferno steadily approach , a few block away . the smoke curl and billow forward through the street -- 91 . 201 omitted 201 202 int . storage tank corridor - night 202 eben watch , sweat , as the fire creep through the town -- eben if she run , the bastard get she -- if she stay put , she will burn -- Jake , pale and honest , stand at he side -- jake -- you try to reach she , will not they go after all of we ? eben lean against the door in pain -- know he can not sacrifice everyone else , but unable to give up stella -- eben breathes harder and harder -- thought churn -- eben oh God -- ( look about ) oh dear God -- push in on eben 's face -- he see what to do , but he 's overwhelm by the gravity of the step he 's about to take -- then he bolt for the stair as Jake watch , baffle -- 203-204 omitted 203-204 205 ext . street - night 205 the ooze , raging inferno creep closer to the chevy where stella and gail wait -- 206 int . muffin monster - night 206 carry a first aid kit , eben fish out a syringe -- kneel beside billy 's corpse -- and stick the syringe in its arm . he pull the stopper , fill the syringe with blood -- Jake and the other arrive just in time to see eben wince as he inject the blood - filled syringe into he own arm . Lucy gasp as the empty syringe fall to the floor -- eben while they be watch I , get on the walkie-talkie , tell stella and gail to run for it -- eben collapse as though he 's start withdrawal for jake ( hoarsely ) what do you do -- ?! lucy you can not -- ! eben ( through he tooth ) Carter and billy change -- they be only bitten . they manage to hold onto who they be for a while -- 92 . m drug -- jake DENISE * it 's someone else 's blood -- -- be you crazy -- ? * lucy ( over , at a total loss ) it 's -- you -- ! Lucy turn , unable to watch what 's happen to eben eben ( shouting they down ) we can not fight they off -- the way we be -- sweat cascade across eben 's brow as he shudder , he thicken -- for a moment it look like a asthma at Jake dig in eben 's pocket , hand eben the inhaler -- jake here -- ! but within moment , eben 's breath become fuller , dee take the inhaler and stare at it in amazement -- eben -- do not need it -- ! he drop the inhaler as sweat bead across he face , hand on Jake 's shoulder , it 's get harder to talk eben ( cont would ) -- thanks -- little brother -- take care of stella -- then he reel back as another wave of agony shatter he ; DENISE gasp as eben 's pupil widen , larger and breath * tack . * * * per -- he * place a * -- * through * blacker --* 207 208 209 93. DENISE -- he 's one of they -- * eben 's lip pull back in a rictus of pain -- he gum have start to recede , make he tooth look unsettlingly feral -- lucy -- how do we know he will not attack US ? * DENISE ( reluctant fear ) maybe we should stop he now -- jake shut up -- shut up -- you touch he and you can kill I , too -- ! off eben , not sure he can endure the pain -- ext . utilidor - night 207 marlow look to the sky -- behind the black smoke , it look just a shade brighter . ext . under parked car - night 208 stella carve a peephole in the snow -- and through it rush oily black smoke . she and gail start to choke -- int . muffin monster - night 209 a pallid eben , he voice now deathly hoarse , look up to Jake , gail , Lucy and denise -- eben I can smell you blood . he rise , struggle with temptation , warning they away with he eye -- as he head for the corridor that lead to the outside -- DENISE you can not beat they all , eben -- * eben know it . Jake read eben 's plan in he eye -- * jake * * he 's just hold they till stella and gail can make it inside -- * 210 211 212 213 94 , eben * ( a beat ; grimly ) * if I can . * ext . utilidor - night 210 smoke flood the air -- down the road , the town be in full blaze . suddenly the door kick OPEN -- and eben emerge , fight for balance , unaccustom to he new sense , squinting through the smoke , face tear with pain and mission -- like the vampire , eben 's breath do not billow in the cold , but he 's wrap up in winter gear so that no one notice -- eben work for he bearing -- then trudge directly toward marlow , the crunch of he step in the ice make marlow turn . * marlow recognize eben , hissing vindictively -- * marlow the one who fight . eben nod -- the angry bond between himself and marlow clear . he keep walk steadily toward marlow . the other vampire circle , but marlow caution they back with a wave of he arm -- he do not need , do not want any help for deal with eben . no , this will be a pleasure . eben lurch toward the other vampire for a moment -- they watch , uncertain what the hell he have in mind -- then he resume trudging toward marlow , as marlow shake he head , nearly pity how far go eben appear to be -- int . pump house , utilidor - night 211 jake fire up the walkie - talkie -- jake stella , it 's Jake -- get out of there now , run , run -- ! ext . under parked car - night 212 stella and gail do not need to be tell twice -- they push they way through they smoky coffin toward the outside -- ext . street - night - continuous 213 -- see the oily miasma pour toward they , stella and gail stumble out , yearn for safety , leg shaky from a day 's worth of cold and inaction -- 214 215 216 95 . ext . utilidor - night 214 eben push forward , know any moment might be he last -- finally he 's nearly two yard away from marlow -- and suddenly he reach for marlow , try to grab at he with surprising speed . but marlow backhand he into the ice -- eben struggle to he foot , throw a fist at marlow -- who catch the fist and throw eben back -- eben lunge again for marlow , knock he down for a moment -- then marlow , snarling , hurl himself at eben , rip at he again and again , tear he parka loose , batter he face and body mercilessly -- eben desperately crawl , try to get he foot under he -- until marlow pull he by he hair and whip he bitterly , face up , against the ice -- eben gasp for breath , fight to suck in some strength -- he mouth be bloody , and the blood make the ice slicker as they fight -- Zurial and the other vampire watch intently -- impressed by eben 's ability to survive against marlow even this long -- stella -- stop with gail , see through the smoke that in the crowd ahead , she husband be fight for all they life -- marlow -- reach down and encircles eben 's left hand in he clawlike finger -- he squeezy and squeezy , relentlessly , until we hear the snapping of bone -- eben fight not to feel the pain , but he vision be blurring , it 's hard to see how much longer he can last -- he glance to the night sky above -- ext . skie - night - continuous 215 be it a few degree lighter than it seem a moment ago ? ext . utilidor - night 216 Zurial and the other vampire look to the sky warily , tensing at the knowledge that the night be almost go -- realize they face a decision -- marlow circle eben , gloat in triumph -- 96 . eben summon up he strength and butt he head into marlow , knock he onto the ice -- insulted , marlow spit ferally and regains he haunch , like a wolf who will not give up he prey -- eben wobble for a moment on the ice , but determine to keep the momentum on he side . with brutal drive he bolt toward marlow , he leave arm hang limply with its finger now break , ready to strike another blow -- at the pump house door -- Jake , denise and Lucy watch in dread , helpless if eben fail -- on the ice -- the permafrost crack as marlow dodge eben and whack he into the unforgive ground again and again . it 's a savage onslaught that make eben 's very skull seem to shake from the impact -- eben know he need a moment to recoup -- he try to crawl away to gain a breather -- but marlow drag he back mercilessly as the smoke whirl around they , eben 's face lacerate against the ice -- then he grab eben 's throat with one hand , lift he up from the freeze ground with a sadistic smile -- marlow hurl eben to the ground -- kick he face viciously , and then tower over eben -- from the town -- a handful of tatter , drain survivor , drive north by the smoke and fire , emerge to watch in awe , struggle to understand what be happen -- the gaunt veteran of thirty day of night , mute witness to this battle that will decide they fate , joining a transfixed stella and gail -- on the ice -- eben struggle to remain conscious , search about until he see -- stella -- she heart break , she eye fill with both hope and grief . he take it all in -- marlow follow eben 's gaze , see stella as well . witha cruel smile , he drop eben , stalking toward stella , ready to rob eben of he companion even as eben ruin marlow 's toy -- eben , see marlow head for stella , wrench himself off the ice and hurl himself at marlow -- they tumble together , a small chaos of fury and bloodlust -- as marlow emerge on top , ready to finish eben off -- 97 . marlow bare he fang -- this last kill will be so very satisfy -- eben 's eye be nearly swollen shut -- he face be a mass of welt and agony -- but then eben force he eye wide , staring up at he enemy -— — and he death -black pupil match that of marlow -- marlow hesitates for a nanosecond , confuse -- eben , face he last , do the thing he do not think he could do -- he reach into he depth and pull up the ferocity and strength of a wildcat -- reaching up , he take hold of marlow 's jaw with he wounded hand , and in a berserker rage , slam he good hand all the way into marlow 's mouth --— the vampire gape in awe at the SOUND of ripping flesh -- and marlow 's head land on the ice in a rush of red pain and shock , still not realize he 's lose . his eye close -- he be go . eben stare , blink , astonished by it all , unable to comprehend for a moment that he 's win . slowly he pull himself to he knee -- Zurial look grimly to the sky -- two other vampire take a step back , retreate as they night run out -- the survivor at the pump house breathe in deeply , unable to contain they swell hope -- stella -- however , see there 's something far worse to learn yet -- she run to eben , kneel beside he on the ice -- stella -- what do you do to yourself ? eben ( a solemn beat ) what I have to . she embrace he desperately -- overwhelm by he sacrifice . he fight he way to he foot , look at marlow 's blood on he hand . he need it -- the blood would taste so very good . but he can not bring himself to go there -- clench he jaw , he look around -- the vampire be entirely gone -- 217 218 98. eben ( cont would ) should I go after they ? stella they will not come back . gail look about , lose and overwhelm -- see gail , eben look to stella in silent , sacred agreement . stella take eben 's meaning and nod , kneel to gail -- stella ( cont would ) come here , sweetheart -- stella fold a grateful gail in she arm , then reach out to include Jake as well -- she new family . jake it 's almost dawn . we make it . stella look up to the sky , apprehensive -- stella eben -- the dawn -- ext . skie - near dawn - continuous 217 above the smoke , the heavens be no longer black . the sky be now rich blue , the color of oncoming day -- ext . utilidor - near dawn - continuous 218 eben nod ; he understand full well what 's come with the dawn . stella hold onto gail and Jake for balance , weak as she realize the full extent of eben 's transformation -- denise turn to the survivor -- DENISE the firehouse -- let 's start the hydrant , see what we can save -- Lucy and Jake join the other barrowite , move to recapture they town . stella rise from gail 's side to caress eben 's cheek , she face wet with tear -- stella you could hide -- we could find blood for you -- eben ( honestly , no self - pity ) stella . ( more ) 219 99 . eben ( cont would ) it 's get hard to fight -- I be forget everything but the pain . there 's just one place for I to go -- he turn , wishing to spare stella what be to come -- stella I be come -- I will not run again -- off eben , hearten by know stella 's stand by he -- ext . summit - dawn 219 in the distance , the smoke curl up slowly now from barrow -- the flame have subside . much of the town be char , but there be still a town worth reclaim . eben and stella sit together as the sun edge over the distant icy horizon . eben , he skin a landscape of agony , shiver while stella grasp he hand with both hand -- eben -- I send billy to take you to the airport -- know he would not make it -- want you to stay -- a grateful nod from stella ; she always suspect it . she work to contain she fear as he wince , not sure he can endure the pain any longer -- eben ( cont would ) baby -- stella I be here . I be here with you . eben listen -- listen to I -- stella ( time slip away ) yes -- I be here , I be listen -- eben I could live forever -- but I do not want to breathe another second -- if I can not remember what it feel like to love you -- Fighting back tear because they can not risk miss a moment together , they eye lock . everything they have ever say to each other , everything they have never say and should have , it all pass between they -- 100 . the SUN stare down at they , beautiful and deadly , searing they with lethal radiance . camera circle around they , as eben wince , gasp in pain -- stella throw she arm around he for dear life -- eben 's skin finish charring to black as stella hold he -- within moment he be dead . close on stella , the SUN reflected in her eye as her heart break for eben and he sacrifice . pull closer and closer on stella until -- CUT to black . the end