30 minute or less written by Michael diliberti &amp ; Matthew Sullivan 12-11-09 the follow be very loosely base on some shit that actually happen ... over black we hear the roar of a v8 engine , pipe out through some throaty , fuck up muffler , as ext . highway - day a ' 89 mustang burst like a shot over a rise in the highway . it 's get a rusted two - tone paint job , maryland plate , and bald tire that scream as it peel off a exit and into the ext . suburb - day the car fast approach a stop sign , dangerously blow through the intersection . int . mustang - day - moving we do not see the driver , only the redlining rpm , van slip - on work the pedal , wristwatch be check . the wheel crank right as the car turn onto a - one way street . a minivan fly right at we . the mustang hop up onto the curb to avoid it , clip a trash can and - garbage explode like confetti . the wiper engage , brush the trash aside . the car whip another turn and ext . suburb - day the mustang fishtail around a corner and skid away . CUT to : tire screech brake pad smoke . the mustang stop outside ext . house - day the Driver jump out of the car . as he rush to the front door , we see the urgent package he be deliver . two large pizzas before he can ring the bell , the door open and two smug 15 - year-old stare out . 15 -year-old that 's 34 minute . you be 4 minute late . pizza 's free . reveal we guy stare back at the kid . this be will ( 25 ) , probably good look in another life . 2 . right now , he be tired and unamuse , wear a red " Giorgio 's trattoria " hat and a sweaty match t-shirt . will gimme a break . you guy live two town away . it 's pretty much fuck impossible to get here in 30 minute . other 15 -year-old exactly . that 's why we order from you shitty " trattoria . " will this be gonna come out of my paycheck . you sure you do not want to take the moral high ground ? other 15 -year-old we would rather take the pizza . will take a calming breath . hand over the pizza . will ok . you guy be pretty smart . you figure out a way to beat the system . ( peek inside ) get the house to yourselves ? 15 -year-old that 's right . will not bad . any jailbait in there ? Little pizza and a rainbow party ? the kid shake they head . will seriously ? well , two hustler like yourselves gotta have the place stock with beer and whippit and shit , right ? just call the girl up and let they know the party 's on . 15 -year-old man , we do not have any of that stuff . will make a show of mull this over . will I really should not do this ... but you seem like a couple of good dude . I will tell you what , you give I the money that you mom leave you for the pizza , and I will grab you some beer . ( more ) 3. will ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but I get to keep the change as a tip . deal ? the kid look at each other . one hesitantly pull out some cash . will snatch it and head off . will I will see you in like 20 minute . the kid look uncertain . as if sense this , will stop before get into he ride . will you boy like budweiser , right ? 15 -year-old uh , yeah , totally . other 15 -year-old Love that shit ! int . mustang - day - moving the sun set . will cruise back into he own middle - class town in suburban maryland . a six pack of budweiser rest in the passenger seat . will stop at a light . check out a pretty young thing in the Jeep beside he . she catch he look , roll she eye . the light turn and the Jeep skid away . will self consciously remove he " Giorgio 's " cap . int . giorgio' trattoria - night will enter and nod at christopher ( 40s ) , the manager . his bald head be nearly translucent from absorb a day 's worth of pizza grease . will yo , Chris . let I cash the fuck out . will hand over some cash to Christopher . christopher you have a pretty good shift ? will for sure . I mean , the part where I have to drop off all that pizza kinda suck , but the rest be cool . 4. christopher oh , yeah ? ' Cause , I get some kid call in say you rip they off . Promised to buy they beer or something . will I actually do buy the beer , but it would have be illegal to give it to they , right ? so I be gonna do the responsible thing and drink it myself . christopher that 's real funny . but I be try to run a business here . will what kind of business promise to deliver anywhere in 30 minute ? it 's ridiculous . christopher I do not wanna hear another one of you bullshit excuse . you be fire . will come on . if I do not need this job , I would not be do this shitty job . Chris be unmove . will fuck ! whatever ! will storm off . as he get to the door - christopher you know , you be a okay driver half the time . and you be not a Puerto rican . which mean something to I . will that 's poignant . christopher I guess I could rehire you , on a provisional basis . of course , this would be at the slightly reduce " new company rate . " will be you fuck serious ? christopher I do not know . be there anyone else leave in town for you to work for ? 5 . will shake he head . swallow what 's leave of he pride . will when do I start ? ext . SMALL apartment build - night will sit on the darken front stoop . he toss a empty can into the bush and get to work on he fourth beer . he look over at a park Hyundai elantra . a young man sit in the passenger seat with a pensive look on he face . he make a sudden , surprised gasp . the homely young woman who be just blow he sit up from he lap and rearrange herself in the driver seat . she lean over for a goodbye kiss . the Young man oblige with much fanfare . the Young man get out and the car pull away . this be chet ( 25 ) , a clean cut guy dress in the gap premium Collection . he head toward the building , high off he BJ , hum outkast 's " Ms. Jackson . " he stop when he notice will in the shadow . chet what the hell ? have you just be sit there ? will yep . caught the whole show . really classy move at the end . you know , the kiss . put you tongue in she mouth right after you fuck it . chet hey , a nice girl decide to pleasure I on a weeknight , in she car no less ... I be not gonna make she feel like a untouchable . I be gonna make she feel like a lady . will what manners . May I offer you some alcohol , sir . to wash the taste of yourself out of you mouth . will offer he beer . Chet take a slug , gurgle for effect . chet by the way , she say she have a friend . maybe we can go on we first double date since you try to talk Jackie fortunato and she cousin into have a four- way with we . will I misread they body language . it happen . 6 . will pick up some rent movie sit beside he . will come on . let 's go inside , drink you beer and watch shit get crazy . ( fan movie ) Old favorite . you choose . lethal weapon , lethal weapon 2...was gonna get the third lethal weapon , but decide on a porn . so it 's really between the first two . chet I choose sleep . I gotta teach a class at eight . will you be a sub . just call in sick . like the real teacher do . chet come on , man , you know I get promote to full - time last month . you buy I a laser pointer . will heave a sigh . will yeah , I know . I guess I be just have a hard time accept you as " the man . " you know , flunk kid , give out spite detention to girl you wanna fuck , laser point at shit . chet I also get healthcare and my summer off . it 's not perfect , but it 's a career . will grudgingly stand up . will I guess that 's just the difference between you and I . he hold up the lethal weapon dvd . will I be like riggs . cruise the street . no rule , no attachment . every other day some asshole be try to take my badge . you be fuck murtaugh . always worried about you pension . well , guess what , it get old after the first movie . 7. chet I just get head . I be totally riggs . will shake he head , turn and walk off . int . studio apartment - day will wake up , leg dangle over the edge of a tiny couch . his tv be still on , display the menu screen from a porn . will look down at he coffee table . clear some magazine to reveal a file folder . flip the cover - it 's full of college application , draft of admission essay , a junior college transcript . will thumb through one of the glossy application . the kid look young . very young . will glance over at a picture on he wall : he and Chet at high school graduation , look just as young . they have they arm around a pretty girl squeeze between they . will and the girl look very high and very happy . will shut the folder , slide it back under the coffee table debris . he look over at a clock : it be already 2:00 pm . will fuck . int . mustang - day will jump in and start the engine . as he tuck he " Giorgio 's " cap onto he head , he catch he reflection in the rear-view mirror . will you asshole . you titanic asshole . come on down and get you prize . he make he finger into a gun , put it to he head ... pull the trigger and boom ! we're in ext . OPEN field - day a watermelon explode in a shower of red , juicy bit . loud , dumb laughter echoe . stand 20 yard away be dwayne ( 32 ) , a intense , meaty guy in a sleeveless Baltimore raven t-shirt . on he leave bicep be a tattoo of the tasmanian Devil flipping the bird . dwayne fruit motherfuckin ' salad ! 8. crouched beside he be jay ( 27 ) , tall and awkward , in a wool surplus cap . he carefully rig homemade explosive to another watermelon , then look up at dwayne . his eye be magnify into saucer by he thick glass . there 's a peculiar eagerness to please in they . jay this one 's gonna blow even bigger . dwayne Boy , if you be not such a skinny little bitch you coulda be in the military or something . jay whatever . I do not need the military . I teach myself how to do this shit . dwayne I hear that . I teach myself how to eat pussy . and cut my own hair . jay jog the watermelon a safe distance away . he return and pull out a detonator . dwayne snatch it . dwayne this one 's all I . ( make " radio " sound ) Mr. President , we have enemy at the gate . give I the order . ( more " radio " sound ) fuck that , sir . I do not negotiate with terrorist ! dwayne press a button and boom ! the explosion be so powerful that it sprinkle we guy ' smile face with fruit juice . int . kitchen , nice house - day large and early - 90 chic . dwayne and jay have the fridge open , fix themselves a cold cut plate . dwayne be debate the amount of meat on the plate ... add some more . dwayne wanna make sure I get enough calory . jay I think you want to get diesel for the summer . bang that towel girl at the community pool . 9 . dwayne it 's obvious you do not know shit - all about physical fitness . you gotta bulk up first , then you slim down . I be clearly in the bulk up phase . I tell you to watch pump Iron like a month ago . if you would listen to I , maybe you would know what the fuck I be talk about . ( beat ) grab some rc cola . int . live room , nice house - day the shade be draw . we hear a girl scream bloody murder ! the guy be watch friday the 13th part 3... in 3d . they both wear cheap cardboard glass . jay jump back as Jason wield a 3d ax . jay shit , man ! it 's so real ! dwayne reach out , " touch " the 3d image . he stand and start humping the air . dwayne check it out . I be not afraid of Jason . I be fuck he . ( thrusting harder ) you like that , Jason !? in the mask ! jay crack up . the light flick on . griz*le voice ( o.s. ) who be you two fag fuck ? stand by the switch be dwayne 's dad , jerry ( 70 ) . most people just call he " the major . " the fade usmc tattoo on he thick forearm explain why . jay afternoon , Major . dwayne flop back onto the couch . dwayne dad , we be watch a flick . we get 45 minute and a potential 3d sex scene leave . you be sorta come in at the worst possible moment . 10 . major I buy that tv set so I could watch my program , not so you and you friend could louse up my couch . dwayne you gotta learn how to share the common space . major the only thing common in this house be you . you remind I of you damn mother . fat , dumb , and in my way . the Major grab dwayne and pull he up off the couch . he get right in he face ... scary , intense . dwayne turn to jay . dwayne let 's get outta here . this movie suck anyway . jay get up and file out the door . dwayne go to take the cold cut plate . the Major grab he arm . major I pay for the damn cold cut , too . maybe if you have a job , or a fuck prospect , or a clue how to find any of the above , I would let you eat them . dwayne ( quietly ) you know , you can be a real sonofabitch , dad . major that 's what it take , boy . in the Corps , man like you wear dress to keep we entertained . dwayne that 's pretty fuck disturbing ! dwayne storm off . ext . nice house - day dwayne and jay head out , pass a brand new pickup truck in the driveway . dwayne spit on it . dwayne fuck the Major ! the guy get in a shitty Ford aerostar minivan and peel out . 11 . int . dive strip club - day R. Kelly 's " ignition ( remix ) " pump . large , fake breast , sparkling with cheap body glitter and pierce at the nipple , shake before we . they owner , juicy ( 27 ) , a petite latina , phone in a lap dance as dwayne pour he heart out to she . somewhere in the background , jay hang at the bar , all alone . dwayne - and he think he know I . he do not know shit . I get idea he could never dream of . I get plan bigger than he fuck house . ( beat ) he do not even raise I . my mother do . that be a good woman . juicy oh yeah ? what happen to she ? dwayne shift , uncomfortably , at the sore subject . dwayne she pass on . juicy I hope you be not one of that guy that come here look to get mothere . dwayne I would not mind nursing on they titty , mamacita . juicy sure . whatever you say . maybe just keep quiet for a while , forget about you old man and let I do my thing . dwayne I wish I could forget about that asshole for good . I be just wait around for he to drop dead . do not wanna mess with my inheritance . this pique juicy 's interest . juicy what kinda inheritance ? 12 . dwayne when my dad get outta the service , he start buy lotto ticket . he would play he dog tag number . in ' 91 , the fucker win five million buck . insert photo : the Major hold a giant cardboard check . dwayne he have some health problem a few year back , and since then he 's be burn through the money like a NBA draft pick . probably only get a million or two leave . but it 's mine as soon as he kick . behind inch -long fake eyelash , juicy 's shrewd eye narrow , mind work . she straddle dwayne , tightly . juicy you know , with a million buck , you could have anything . be like a king . ( almost a moan ) King dwayne . dwayne that 's right . and maybe I will make you my queen . let you polish my royal scepter . juicy practice make perfect . juicy pantomime a long , slow chicken head . dwayne be bliss out . she smile at he , sticky sweet . juicy let I ask you a question ... do you really hate you daddy ? dwayne hate he like the steeler . juicy then maybe I can help you get that money now . before he spend another penny . dwayne look confuse . juicy put he hand on she breast , emboldene he . juicy I know a guy in Baltimore . he could help you out . probably do it for ... ( size he up ) ...100 gs . 13 . dwayne do what ? juicy lean in , whisper softly in dwayne 's ear - juicy kill you mean old dad . on dwayne 's face as this new possibility pinballs around he mind , set off a flood of different emotion . juicy so , what do you think ... you ready for you crown ? int . mustang - night - moving will have one pizza leave in the back of he car . he pull over outside a office building . int . law firm , office build - night row of cubicle . speckle with late night straggler , bleary eye , too busy generate detailed list of place they would rather be to notice the pizza boy walk along . will stop before one such work station , look on for a beat . will Rio ? kate ( 25 ) turn from the glow of she computer screen . she have short , messy hair and a sarcastic smile . this be the girl from the picture in will 's apartment . kate that 's the plan . five day , six night . Culture . beach . acceptable probability of kidnap . I leave in the morning . kate look back at she computer , logge onto a expedia checkout page for a Rio vacation . she move the mouse pointer from the " proceed " key ... close the window . kate this morning I load up a African safari and a cruise to Alaska . will oh , the place you will go . kate fuck expedia . Travel advisor . make it seem so easy . 14 . will it be . just do it . get away for a while . kate even if I could afford that ... they fire two other paralegal last week . now 's not the time to be put in for vacation day . will ok. done . I have get my dose of the actual work world . can we eat ? will lay a pizza down on she desk . kate how do you keep sneaking up here past the security guard ? will he 's there like half the time . the other half I smile at he . I be relatively certain he 's a homosexual . kate interesting theory ... kate open the pizza box , grab a slice . kate maybe I should set he up with Tom small . he come out to I today on Facebook . will that kid beat the hell out of I and Chet in grammar school . wow . kate tell I about it . he finger I at junior prom while they be play " no scrub . " will ( wince ) really ? what a fuck scrub . will grab a slice . they eat quietly for a beat . kate so , I have get some news ... 15 . will I think the Tom small stuff be enough of a headline , but go ahead . kate I be get back together with Mark . will 's delicious pizza suddenly taste like shit . he do he best to swallow it down . will but you ... you break up with he ... end the relationship . finality be have . kate yeah , but we be talk and - will forget it . I do not want to know . kate you sound like Chet . will woah , do not compare I to you brother . kate well , neither one of you seem to care that I do not have a life . Mark 's not perfect ... but a relationship be better than work late every Friday because I have nowhere else to be . will sure . I get it . here we be . Friday night . nowhere to be . kate shove will , good - naturedly . kate you know what I mean . will shrug , quietly devastate . go back to he pizza . int . sport bar - night most of the patron be fixate on a oriole game blaring from a large flat - screen tv . at a booth in back , dwayne and jay be in deep conversation . 16 . jay I do not wanna stick my nose into a family matter ... but kill you old man ? that 's pretty mess up ... I mean , unless you think it be not . dwayne what we have here be a classic " lesser of two evil " debate . you get one evil : I shave a few year off the Major 's shitty life . then you get the other evil : the Major ruin my entire awesome life by blow through my inheritance . maybe I be biased , but mine sure as shit seem like the lesser . jay I guess I ... sorta see where you be come from . and you have be wait around forever for that money . you deserve it , dwayne . dwayne nod , seriously . dwayne you know , there 's a reason I sleep ' till noon everyday . and it be not ' cause I be lazy . it 's on account of I have so many goddamn dream . Big one . and once that money 's mine , they be all gonna come true . dwayne take a long sip of beer , contemplative . dwayne like I have this one dream last night . I be cruise through town in a lamborghini Diablo . the wind be blow through my hair , ruffling my open shirt . there be a hot little piece of ass sit next to I . and in the back seat , jay ... be you . strapped . wearing a pair of oakley . jay wow . I do not know you dreamt about I , dwayne . dwayne it be only this once , jay . to be honest , I do not know what to make of it . so I consult my dream book , and find out it mean this : you be my road dog . you get my back . ( more ) 17 . dwayne ( cont 'd ) that 's why I want to make you my partner . jay in what ? dwayne in crime . and business . you see , it be not just about the inheritance money . it 's about what I be gonna do with it . dwayne lean across the table . dwayne I be about to clue you in on something . and then you will understand the true magnitude of what 's at stake here . be you ready ? jay yes . I be totally ready . dwayne then answer I this ... what 's this town miss ? I will give you a hint . it 's a cash business , crawl with sexy bitch . jay ( beat ) a chinese food restaurant ? dwayne no . a tanning salon . ( beat ) think about it . all that green . all that brown flesh . jay nod , think about . he smile . dwayne it 's also the perfect front for a prostitution ring . jay yeah , of course . because of the booth . dwayne yes . and because of the bitch . ( beat ) it can all be ours . 30 percent for you , 70 percent for I . you just gotta help I out here . 18 . jay look conflict . dwayne go dark , like a spurn lover . dwayne I be start to wonder if my dream book be wrong about you . maybe you sit behind I do not mean you be my road dog . maybe it mean you be plotting to stab I in the back , like some snake in the grass . jay that 's crazy . I would never do something like that . the dream book be right ! jay look dwayne in the eye , know it 's all or nothing ... jay ok . I will do it . but I be not shoot he or anything . I will hold he while you shoot he . that 's it . dwayne chuckle . dwayne here 's a fact : they do not build prison for criminal , they build they for idiot . shit , they get three different type of CSI on tv , just lay out how the police do they business ... and still , idiot like you think you can just go out and do a murder yourself . ( beat ) if you wanna be a millionaire , you gotta think like one . and millionaire do not kill people . they hire assassin . which I do . we gotta pay he on Tuesday . jay what ? why would you do that ? dwayne I be present with a opportunity . I take it . 100 thousand buck for a highly train assassin be a steal . jay but we do not have that kinda money . dwayne now we be address the real problem : how do we get the 100 grand ? ' Cause once we get that , we get the million . ( more ) 19 . dwayne ( cont 'd ) and once we get the million , we will literally own this town and every single thing in it . jay I guess we could just ... rob a bank . one of this local bank with nothing but a dipshit security guard . dwayne again , not quite think like a millionaire . jay okay , then let 's hire someone to rob a bank . dwayne think about this for a second . dwayne fuck hire they , we could just force someone to rob a bank for we . like with blackmail , or death threat , or - jay ( almost involuntarily ) a bomb . everyone 's scared of a bomb . dwayne I be gonna say hypnotism ... but I like that . it 's out of the fuck box . we just strap one to some motherfucker 's chest , like we do to that watermelon . think you can you build some kinda bomb vest ? jay yeah , I mean ... camel jockey do it in cave . I get a garage workshop . dwayne I be pretty sure this be exactly how a millionaire would do it . and the beauty of it be : we do not lose any sleep , ' cause no one get hurt . jay except the Major . dwayne yeah . the Major die . but no one get hurt . dwayne smile . but a nag think interrupt he - 20 . dwayne there 's just one problem . where do we get we guy ? ' Cause if we do a kidnap , then we be right back where we start ... do shit that 's gonna get we catch . ( mind working ) what we need be someone to come to we ...to a place where we can control the situation . someone without any connection to we . the guy stare at each other , stump . until something catch dwayne 's attention ... a local commercial play on the flat-screen . a pizza chef slide a pizza into a box - pizza chef ( on tv ) we will deliver anywhere in 30 minute or less ! or you pizza be free ! Giorgio 's trattoria , where the customer get what they want ... pronto ! the guy look at each other . dwayne sometimes fate just take out its cock and slap you in the face with it . int . chet' apartment - day a hand grab a beer from the fridge . voice ( o.s. ) you be not try to draw a psycho pension ... you really be crazy ! will head into the live room with the beer . the voice belong to Danny glover . the guy be watch lethal weapon . murtaugh ( Danny glover ) have just stop riggs ( mel Gibson ) from kill himself . riggs look at he , crazily , before - rigg ( on tv ) I be hungry . I be gonna get something to eat . Chet look over at will . he be drunk , and in a dark mood . chet maybe you should pace yourself . it 's noon on a Saturday . will fridge be full , man . we be all good . 21 . will drain half he beer . will let I ask you a question . you remember Tom small ? chet yeah , he use to kick we ass . will turn out he be probably jerk off to it afterwards . he 's gay . chet I hope he choke on a dick . I never like he . will you sister do . she let he finger blast she . Big time . Chet pause the movie . chet what the fuck be you talk about ? I do not want that shit in my head . will sorry . kate tell I about it last night . I think you should know . chet you two be swapping storey about get finger ? that 's pretty cute . Chet chuckle . will ignore he , sip he beer . will the point I be try to make be this : Tom small be a asshole . he be totally wrong for you sister . just like every other guy she 's ever date . right through to that Mark dude she 's gonna get back together with . un-be - fuck - me-lievable ... chet whatever . why the fuck be we talk about who my sister go out with ? at a loss , will shrug . Chet turn back to the tv , press play . lethal weapon resume . something blow up . Chet pause the movie and stare at will for a beat . 22. chet you sneaky son of a bitch ... you want to fuck my sister , do not you ? will Chet , I really do not ... chet my twin sister !? which be basically like fuck I ! will hey , if you guy have that twin esp shit this would be a completely different situation . there would be logistical problem . chet we look exactly alike ! will you look like a lot of people . you be a normal look dude . chet this be so fuck up I can not even begin to process it . how long have this be go on ? will if I have to put my finger on it ... middle school-ish . chet so all that sleepover , they be just some kind of opportunity for you to peek in kate 's bedroom ? will it might have happen a few time . most of they be accidental . chet you be a peeping Tom . you realize that , do not you ? you be a sexual fuck deviant . will fuck you . I be as normal as they come . you sister be attractive . she excite I , in a sexual way . Fucking sue I . can not we just be adult about it ? 23. chet you ? a adult ? sort of stretch the term . will hey , let 's not say shit we can not take back . chet take back ? will , you get kick out of junior college for punch a professor that make fun of some poem you write . will that poem be about you sister ! chet that be , literally , the saddest thing I have ever hear . like retard play freeze tag sad . no wonder you deliver pizza for a live . will fuck you ! maybe I be just hang out with you for you sister . you be always a whiny little bitch . and you stutter . all the kid use to call you " chutter . " chet whatever . I only start hang out with you because you have a nintendo . will do you see my nintendo naked ? because I see you sister change into she swimsuit at you thirteenth birthday pool party . and it be the highlight of the whole shitty event . Chet bite he lip . chet okay . you wanna do this ? will I think we already be . chet well , you know who I see naked ? Jenny rifkin . while I be nail she . the week after she dumped you . ( more ) 24 . chet ( cont 'd ) why do you think every time you wanna bet on whose cock 's bigger I be always willing to go in ? ' Cause I know mine 's bigger . ' Cause she tell I ! will wow ...wow . you pull a juda on Jenny fuck rifkin . that be mess up . almost as mess up as how I sell you Cal ripken sign ball for 200 buck . chet my grandpa leave I that ball in he will ! you help I look for it for a month ! will now you know why we never find it . will bow . will we do here ? Chet 's face be red with anger . chet not quite yet . there 's actually a mystery I wanna solve for you . ( beat ) I be the one who tell John tanner about how you mom fuck that lifeguard . and I always feel awful about it , because even though he swore secrecy , he tell everyone else in town . and then you parent wound up get divorced . but now ... I do not give a shit . will what !? you ruin ... my fuck life ! will take a swing at Chet . he dodge it and put will in some sort of choke hold . chet krav maga , bitch . I bet you poetry professor do not know this shit . will get offa I ! chet you throw the first punch ! 25 . will I be gonna break this hold and then kick you skinny ass ! chet try it ! will flexe and try to break the choke hold ... no luck . he wrench he back away from Chet and scream - will what the fuck be that !? chet my knuckle in you spine ! no hold bar you backstabbing fuck ! will I be gonna pass out ... chet good ! will ( face bright red ) I love she , Chet ... I love kate ... Chet let will go . he drop to the floor , panting . chet let I tell you something . and it 's the truest thing you will ever hear , from the person who know you best in the world ... you be not good enough for my sister . and you never will be . you be the lowest common denominator , will . you be the square root of fuck zero . will get to he foot . will fuck you ... chutter ! ( grab dick ) Square this ! chet get out of my house . you be a shitty friend . will right back at you . will storm out . 26 . ext . chet' apartment build - day will screech away in he car . int . studio apartment - night a day or so have pass . will sit on he couch , a unshaven mess , watch lethal weapon 2 . murtaugh and riggs laugh and joke around . best bud . will look like he might cry . he go for he beer , knock it over . he stare at the grow puddle of beer ... then grab the folder with he college application and use they to sop it up . int . giorgio' trattoria - night will sit at a table , look out through the misty window . Christopher box a pizza and drop it in front of he . christopher come on , wake up and get to work . Christopher hand he the order slip . will check the address . will where the fuck be this ? christopher how should I know ? it 's 30 minute away or the pizza come out of you paycheck . tick tock . ext . highway - night will 's mustang travel down a dark , empty stretch of highway . the lone work taillight fade as the car disappear into the distance . ext . side of the highway - night the mustang stop at the mouth of a driveway . overgrown shrubbery block anything beyond it from view . all that will can see be a red and white radio tower jutting into the sky , beacon light flash atop it . will check the address , then drive through the open gate . ext . radio tower - night the mustang park at the end of the driveway . will get out . there be a large storage shed and , across a clear , a radio tower build on top of a small office structure . 27 . the office door be ajar . florescent light glow from inside . will hello ? dwayne ( o.s. ) ( call back from beyond door ) hey , bud ! sorry for the hike ! the county 's get we do repair at the ass end of the night ! this put will at ease . he head toward the office . as he get close , a figure appear in the doorway . it be dwayne wearing a scary fucking gorilla mask will what the - will hear something behind he and whirl around - to find jay , also in a gorilla mask , charge at he . will Holy fuck ! will make a run for it . but the guy be on top of he in no time . he madly fight they off and dash for he car . dwayne stop ! we get a gun , you asshole ! will break toward the cover of the shrubbery . dwayne fuck ! get he ! jay be right on will 's tail . without break stride , jay pick up a large branch and wing it at he . will be hit in the leg and stumble over himself . jay leap on top of he and lock he skinny leg around will 's body . will what the hell !? ( at a loss ) rape ! jay wrestle something from he pocket . a chloroform soak rag . he press it hard against will 's mouth and nose . will soon go limp . dwayne appear , loom above they . he pull he gorilla mask back and smile . 28 . dwayne step one . CUT to : blurry vision come into focus . two gorilla . ext . radio tower - day whereas the mask look scary at night , they look ridiculous now . will be propped up on the hood of he car , stare at he captor . his mouth be duct tape , hand bound behind he back . he wear he " Giorgio 's " cap and a buttone up olive green Army jacket . dwayne you think we be gonna rape you . ( chuckle ) idiot . will mumble something through the duct tape . dwayne just shut up . the tape be there for a reason . ' Cause this next part be gonna take a measure of calm . be you with I ? can you be calm ? will nod . dwayne hold up he driver license . dwayne will dixon , of 112 North whatever - the - fuck Street , right now you be wear a explosive vest . will look down at the jacket he be wear , try to get he hand loose so he can tear it open . dwayne calm the fuck down ! will stiffen . for emphasis , dwayne reveal the gun tuck down the front of he pants like a big metal cock . dwayne now stay still and my associate will show you . jay carefully unbutton the Army jacket . will be , in fact , wear a explosive vest . it be a cobble together but intimidating look contraption , crisscross by multicolor wire . there be a thick lock at the hinge , with a digital display and a keypad . will begin to hyperventilate . 29 . jay take it easy , man . you be fine . I build this thing . it 's pretty stable . dwayne for a fuck bomb . so do not trip over you shoelace or anything . that thing 's full of C - 4 . and the C be for chaos . jay actually , the C stand for " composite . " but , yeah , I would try not to slam into stuff . dwayne can I take that tape off now , pizza boy ? will nod . dwayne rip the duct tape off he mouth . will help ! dwayne chuckle . dwayne you know where you be ? you might as well be in space , motherfucker . nobody can hear you scream . will why be you do this to I ? I do not have any money . dwayne not yet . but you be gonna go get we some . will okay . sure , man . whatever you say . I will go sell my car . I will get you like a thousand buck . dwayne I want 100 thousand . will where the fuck be I suppose to get that much money ? dwayne the donner - Wells National Bank on Charles Road . 30 . jay across the street from the olive Garden . dwayne yeah , the one across the street from the olive Garden . will do you guy have a account or something ? dwayne shake he head like will be a idiot . dwayne no , I do not have a account ! you be gonna rob it ! will how the fuck be I suppose to rob a bank ? dwayne figure it out . you get a bomb strapped to you chest . that 's a start . it will scare the fuck outta people . maybe use you brain and go get a gun . borrow one from a friend for all I care . it be not rocket science . will then do it yourself . dwayne I would , but I be already wear this gorilla mask and you be already wear that bomb . ( to jay ) tell he about the vest . jay turn to will . jay you seem like a pretty trustworthy guy . I mean , you get a job and all . but just in case you be gonna try to take the vest off , we booby trap it to shit . there 's also a remote detonator on the back , so we can trigger it by dial a number . dwayne and it 's on speed dial . so do what you gotta do , but we will be watch . ( more ) 31 . dwayne ( cont 'd ) you go anywhere near a police station , and fourth of July come early this year . dwayne nod at the timer on the side of the vest . dwayne it 's 9:00 am . you get 8 hour . he hand will a slip of paper . dwayne once you have the money , call this number and you will be give instruction on where to drop it . you do good , we give you the six-digit combination that stop the timer and open the lock . tomorrow morning , you can go back to deliver pizza , the mail , whatever the fuck you want . ( beat ) now let I demonstrate what happen if you do not get we the money . dwayne look over to where a oversize stuff bear , rig with its own bomb vest , sit on a tree stump 20 yard away . dwayne mime answer a phone - dwayne hey , teddy ruxpin ... what 's that ? you do not have the money ? it be too tough to rob the bank , so you just go back to you bear cave and cry like a bitch ? well , guess what my stuff friend ... time be up . jay push a button on a detonator . teddy ruxpin explode . all that remain be a cloud of stuff . will be freeze in fear . dwayne I like that bear . I do not even know you . dwayne throw will he car key . dwayne go on . get outta here . will guy , can we please just talk about this ? 32 . dwayne yeah , of course we can . dwayne pull out the gun and fire two shot at will 's foot . jay jump backward , as do will , who hit the hood of he car , slide across it and onto the ground by the driver side . dwayne be careful ! will awkwardly get to he foot and arrange himself in the car , adjust to the weight of the bomb . as he start the engine and back away - dwayne that 's right ! get the fuck out of here ! you be waste time ! once the car be go , jay yank off he gorilla mask . dwayne stay primate . jay what the hell , dwayne ? you tell I that be a replica gun . dwayne it be . then I pay a mexican 50 buck to put a fire pin in it . now it go boom . jay we do not discuss a load gun ! especially not with the bomb around ! dwayne get right in jay 's face . the plastic eye of he mask betray no emotion . dwayne do not you ever question I . I be fuck this bitch . you be just hold the camera . jay ( voice falter ) sure , dwayne ... whatever you say . dwayne good . ' Cause this be not the Marines . this be cash money . you hesitate , you fuck up ... and I will leave you behind . a tense beat . dwayne pull he mask off . he look oddly calm . dwayne let 's go get some breakfast . 33. ext . highway - day will 's car fly down the road . it screech to a stop , tire smoking . will jump out , stumble to the shoulder and puke . he drop to he knee . will oh , god ! Holy shit ! fuck I ! someone please fuck help I ! nothing but the wind . will fight back tear . he get to he foot , wipe he mouth . he take out he cell phone , scroll through the contact . he pause on Chet 's name ... press send . the line go to voicemail . will look at the bomb 's timer : 7 hour , 47 minute and count . he hurry to he car . int . classroom , junior high school - day a laser dot dance around the middle of a United States map . Chet be teach a history lesson to a bunch of seventh grader that look very mature and very bored . as he indicate with he laser pointer - chet this whole region here , about 830 thousand square mile , be part of the initial Louisiana purchase . seventh grader ( coughing ) Nice laser . the class giggle . Chet , embarrassed , put away the pointer . there be a knock at the door . Chet turn to see will 's face in the door 's window pane . he look back to he class . chet take out you workbook . chapter 3. Chet open the door . chet what do you want ? will we gotta talk . chet I be work here . do not mess with I at work . 34 . will Chet , for the love of god , just talk to I in private for one minute . Chet sigh . int . hallway , junior high school - day Chet lead a jumpy will into int . empty classroom , junior high school - day Chet shut the door behind they . will pace . chet you wanna apologize , do not you ? you look like shit . you have probably be up for day think about what a asshole you be . well , it 's gonna take a lot more than some pathetic grovel - will ( suddenly ) Chet ! shut up ! I do not wanna apologize to you ! chet then what do you want ? because we do not have anything leave to say to each other . will swallow hard . will here go . and this be gonna sound crazy . because it be fuck crazy . but last night two guy in mask jump I and strapped a bomb to my chest , and now I have less than eight hour to rob a bank . Chet just stare at will , unimpress . chet you be hysterical . get I . great joke . I be go back to work now . will step in Chet 's way . he unbutton he jacket , revealing the bomb . chet what the fuck ? be that real ? will nod . 35 . Chet jump backward , stumble over a desk and scurries on he ass to the other end of the classroom . he press himself flat against the wall . chet stay away from I ! what the fuck be you involved in !? terrorism !? will Chet , do you really think I be a terrorist ? chet yes ! one of the dumb one ! the one they convince to wear the bomb ! will I be not fuck around here . two guy do this to I . and if I do not rob that bank in time this thing be gonna blow . chet seriously ? will seriously . chet and you first idea be to come to a school fill with young child ? will I do not - chet just back the fuck away from I with that thing . will back all the way up , so that the guy be on opposite end of the classroom . will listen , I think the vest be safe for now . this guy do not want I to blow myself up on accident before I get they money . chet oh , so you figure the two psychopath that rig a bomb to you chest make sure it be safe ? there 's no margin for error in they fuck bomb vest design !? 36 . will I do not know ! all I do know be that this be real . this be happen . and I be sure you hate I as much as I hate you right now , but I have nowhere else to go . chet for what ? will for help , Chet . I need you help . please . I can not do this alone . Chet look will over . his desperation be palpable . Chet bite he lip , weigh the situation ... chet damn it ! ( take a breath ) I would like to tell you to get fuck , but you know what the problem be ... I be a better man than you . and someday , I might actually forgive you . so if I let you blow up , or whatever , that shit might come back and eat at my conscience , and totally affect my relationship with other people . like my wife and kid and shit . will that 's a... very rational way to look at the situation . ( genuinely ) and you be right , about be a better guy than I . Chet take a step toward will . chet be you sure that thing be not gonna blow at any second ? will just look at Chet ... unable to offer any assurance . after a beat - chet could you just walk a few foot in front of I for a while ? will I can do that . will open the door , stop , look back at Chet . 37 . will thank you . will head out . Chet take a breath , brace himself . int . hallway , junior high school - day will walk down the empty hallway . he glance back over he shoulder , where Chet walk several foot behind he . chet yes , I be still here . I really be this stupid . just pay attention to where you be go . will I think I can handle it . chet this floor get wax once a week . on Tuesday , which today be . you hit a slick patch , trip and fall , and I get a classroom full of kid wear they skin inside out . will Chet , I be fuck nervous enough as it be . please . I do not need you back seat drive I right now . chet obviously . will stop , turn back toward Chet . will just for the record , this be not a nuclear weapon strapped to my chest . and there be metal locker on either side of the hallway . if I fall , and if this thing go off , I be probably not take out the whole school . chet do you really want to debate this ? will sigh , turn back around . a second later , the school bell ring and kid flood the hallway , change class . will freeze . multiple kid shove past he . Chet sweat bullet , give will a look of death . after a beat , the hallway empty again . 38 . chet you be a asshole . will whatever . it 's over . will continue walk . he try to lighten the mood - will who be the chick in the white jeans ? chet kristi Evans . why ? will you know why . chet oh , come on . just keep walk . the guy ' voice fade as they continue down the hallway ... will come on yourself . you know exactly who I be talk about . chet fuck you . she 's in the eighth grade . will I bet you love it when she call you Mr. Chet . chet she do not call I " Mr. Chet . " she 's not a foreigner . ext . junior high school - day the guy get to will 's car . Chet wrap up a call on he cell - chet ... thanks so much , Mrs. Davis . I will call you after I talk to the doctor . Chet hang up . he be stand by the passenger door . he look over the roof of the car at will . chet so , this be it ? will this be what ? 39 . chet once I step inside this car , I be basically in a steel coffin with you and ... that thing . and if it go off , all they be gonna find in there be two char body and piece of a bomb . they will assume we be drive to a government building to blow it up . it will be all over the news . next thing you now , some militia or Islam group be claim we as member . my family will be humiliate . will we will also be dead , in that particular situation , so it will not really matter . chet exactly ! will sigh . will I get it . take you time , man . will get in the car and shut the door . he look out at Chet , who stand uncertainly by the passenger side . chet this be the world 's biggest favor , you motherfucker . you do not even help I move last winter . Chet reluctantly hop in . int . mustang - day will fire up the engine . chet give the situation , I think you should obey all traffic safety law . will Fine . will pull out of the school parking lot . will okay , so where be we go ? chet I have no idea . I just get in you car . I think you have a plan . 40 . will well , I do not ! I have be sorta preoccupy with this crush fear of death ! chet no plan . I can not say I be surprised . will you plan be probably better . just condescend I until I explode . will go to turn on the radio . Chet grab he hand . chet maybe we should turn on the radio . see if the signal set the bomb off . that would be a interesting experiment . will heave a frustrated sigh . Chet ease up . chet listen , let 's just go back to my place . figure out we option . maybe you can get the vest off or something . I just do not want to do anything stupid . will unless we have to . the car hit a rough pothole . Chet 's heart skip a beat - chet Holy fuck shit ! - and he throw himself against the passenger side window , as far from will as the confines of the car will allow . will slam the brake . will stop it ! you be scare the fuck out of I ! chet okay . okay . fuck ! Chet make the sign of the cross . chet I be cool now . will continue drive . Chet discreetly unlock the passenger side door . 41 . will why do you do that ? chet do what ? will I see you . chet it 's in case I have to jump out . will if I survive the day , and you do not because you jump out of a move car and break you neck , I be gonna laugh my ass off . chet and if abandon ship save my life , then that laugh will be mine . the guy continue drive in silence . super countdown : 6 hour , 59 minute ... CUT to : int . bathroom , chet' apartment - day the door be shut . will sit on the toilet lid . he have the jacket off and we get we first complete look at the vest . the actual structure be compose of hollow metal tube . the wiring that run throughout the vest be messy and complicated , purposely so , to scare anyone out of fuck with it . will be in the process of try to contort he arm so he can slide the vest off ... no luck . will it 's too tight ! he be call off toward the kitchen where Chet be crouch in a corner , at the furthest point in the furthest room from the bathroom . he use he laptop to look for website on disarming a bomb . chet what if we try to separate you shoulder ? 42 . will ( o.s. ) fuck you ! chet well , all this site say different shit . there 's not a lot of consensus in the bomb disarming community . will emerge from the bathroom , slide the jacket back on . will this be pointless . Chet shut he laptop . chet I agree . we gotta call the cop , have they fly in the bomb squad or something . will we can not . this guy say they would be follow I . and I do not have a clue what they look like . for all I know , they be outside right now . they see the cop show up , they blow the vest and cut they loss . will stare at Chet , hopelessly overwhelm . will what do I do , man ? what do I do now ? chet I do not know , will ... I guess you gotta rob the bank . will I have not be inside a bank in three year ! how the fuck be I suppose to rob one !? they would not even give I a savings account ! will drop onto the couch and put he head in he hand , fight hysterics . Chet offer a stock reassurance - chet it 's gonna be okay . will no , it 's not ! I be gonna blow up ! that 's way worse than get stab or shot . at least some people survive that . no one survive be blow up . ( more ) 43. will ( cont 'd ) no one be ever like , " yeah , I hear Steve get blow up , tough break , but how 's he do now ? be he still in the rec basketball league ? " no of course he be not , ' cause there 's nothing leave of Steve except a stain on the wall and a pair of fuck high top ! Chet look on as he friend begin to sob . it 's a crush sight . Chet stride across the apartment - chet pull yourself together ! - and attempt to give he one of that " get a grip " slap . but will flinch and Chet slap he right on the ear . will ow ! fuck ! I think you pop my eardrum . chet sorry . shit . I do not mean to do that . but just listen to I now . you be not gonna die . you wanna know why ? because you know exactly how to rob a bank . will what be you talk about ? chet Point break . will the movie ? chet yes . that movie be like a how - to guide for bank robbery . you just bust in . mask . gun . move fast . stick to the teller and do not bother with the vault . will yeah ... I guess it 's pretty simple , right ? and it 's just a local bank . the donner - Wells on Charles Road . chet really ? I apply for a job there like a year ago . 44 . will you want to be a teller ? chet yeah , so what ? it 's a good job . you get benefit . will like what , a name tag ? chet what kind of benefit do you get ? free topping ? will that 's really clever . no one ever say that shit to I before . anyway , this be perfect . you know the whole layout of the bank . chet not exactly . they do not hand I the security schematics with the application . but I sit in the wait area for like 20 minute . I know what the place look like . will how many guard ? chet one . I think . will that 's a start . chet it 's a great start . you can do it . will pause . will you be gonna do it with I , right ? chet I be actually gonna stick to give tip , idea ... motivational speech . more of a consultant or advisory role . will Jesus Christ , chet. please . I be begging you here . I need you on this . if I do it alone , I be dead . 45 . chet be you gonna cry again ? will that be a moment of weakness . ( beat ) yes . I will fuck cry again if that 's what it take . chet I should make you blow I . will sure . whip that shit out . I be actually kinda curious . I wanna see if Jenny rifkin lie to you . she obviously lie to I . Chet crack a smile . will all this guy want be 100 grand . we can do this . chet we be gonna rob a bank for 100 grand ? just leave the rest of the money sit there ? why ? will I do not know . I guess they be very modest criminal . who the fuck care ? wait ... you say " we " right ? Chet heave a sigh . chet I be put my life on the line for 100 grand ... what do 100 grand even buy this day ? CUT to : the grille of a murdered out 1997 nissan sentra as the car pull into ext . back parking lot , dive strip club - day where juicy wait by the service entrance , smoking a cigarette . she spot the car and run over . it park and the door open . a glassy - eye African - american man ( 30 ) step out . his muscle body be cover in calligraphic prison ink . this be vaughn . 46 . juicy throw she arm around he . juicy I miss you so much , baby . vaughn you do not get enough dick to keep you warm in that place ? juicy you know it 's not like that . that guy get juicy , but you get marisol . vaughn well , marisol ... what I want be to get my money , kill that old ass man , then get the fuck out of here . juicy then that 's how it 's gonna go . we be just wait on a call . Vaughn stare at she . vaughn this be my impatient face . juicy well , I think I can keep you entertained . juicy get in the open driver side door and make a show of crawl over into the passenger seat . int . walmart - day fluorescent light and pop music . will and Chet roam the aisle with a full shopping basket . they turn into the " Sports &amp ; fitness " section , where they find a variety of air pistol . they be incredibly realistic , though clear and with orange nozzle . will should we go with the handgun ... or the uzis ? chet handguns . will that 's such a murtaugh choice . CUT to : 47 . a check out conveyor belt , as the guy ' purchase drift past : air pistol , spray paint , ski mask , leather glove , several 5 - hour Energy drink . the tough register woman look at the guy with abject disgust . register woman you sure you do not want to grab some condom ? will uh , no . why ? register woman because this be usually what man buy before they rape someone , and I want to make sure you all use protection . will Lady , we be just ... buy some stuff . register woman be that cash or credit for you rape kit ? will look in he empty wallet , take out a credit card . Chet grab he hand . chet we will pay cash . int . minivan - day the van be park . dwayne sit behind the wheel . metallica 's " ride the lightn " begin to play loudly . dwayne you really fuck up this mix tape . dwayne eject the tape , toss it at jay in the passenger seat . dwayne we be not speed freak knock off a 7 - eleven . we be mastermind a heist here . jay sorry , dwayne . that song just mean a lot to I . dwayne shake he head . he turn and look out the windshield : they be park in the Walmart lot , watch the store entrance . dwayne I wish he would hurry he shit up . 48 . jay you worried about that other guy he 's with ? dwayne no , man . he pick he up at a school . so long as there be not any cop , he can take the whole town with he . I just want my money . dwayne survey the area . something catch he attention : the bland strip mall across the street . there 's a blockbuster , Subway , and a empty space in between . dwayne smile . jay what ? you want I to run over to Subway , get we a couple sandwich ? dwayne if you have any vision , jay , you would know exactly what I be think about right now . and it 's not a sandwich . ( beat ) look how well trafficked that shopping mall be . it 's the perfect place for the tanning salon . jay check it out , nod . jay oh , you be totally right . dwayne I have be think about it , and I want you to start off work the counter . sound like a demotion , I know , but it 's a important position . because we be gonna be use code word and shit . for example , if a customer walk in and say he want a tan , that just mean he want a tan . but if he say he want a " deluxe tan , " that mean a blow job and you gotta get one of the girl in there to suck he off . you with I ? jay so far . but what if he want a fuck ? dwayne there 's gonna be code for everything : missionary , anal , black chick . I get it all write down back home in my file . ( more ) 49 . dwayne ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna bother get into it with you right now , because you be suppose to be on lookout and you be no good at multitask . jay okay . ' Cause they be about to get away . dwayne spot the mustang pull away . dwayne fuck . he throw the van into gear . int . mustang - day - moving will navigate the street . Chet be in the back seat , where he have newspaper spread out and be spray painting the air pistol , and much of the car , black . will be careful , you be get paint everywhere . chet be you really worried about you upholstery right now ? will yes , because if I survive this shit I be quit my job . that mean I will probably have to give up my place and I will be sleep in the back of my car , which you be cover in toxic paint . Chet touch up one of the gun , go to flip it over . will that side be not dry yet . you be about to ruin it . chet it say it 's fast drying . will fast be not the same as instant . you gotta let it sit for like 20 minute . chet how would you know ? you do a lot of graffiti ? 50 . will no , but I spray paint my bike last year after I get my license suspend . I do not let it dry properly and I fuck it up . chet we do not have time to sit around and literally watch paint dry . be not we go straight to the bank ? will I be actually think we need to stop and steal a car first . Chet drop the spray paint , whirl on will . chet what ? no way ! we have get a car . will yeah , my car . I be not gonna use it as a getaway vehicle . they can trace the plate . even if we do get away , we will be arrest . chet well , I can not hotwire a fuck automobile , and neither can you . will that 's why I be think we would steal one from you parent ' friend . the fisher . remember how they use to pay we to clean they garage ? they leave the key in there . and they have a datsun . that 's a fast car . chet I be not steal the fisher ' datsun . let 's steal a car from you parent ' friend . will seethes . he whip the car over to the side of the road and get in Chet 's face . will what friend ? my parent do not have any . my dad move away after you big mouth ruin he marriage and humiliate he , and no one want to hang out with the mom who everyone know fuck a lifeguard . 51 . chet you never should have tell I ! I be 13 year old . I could not process that kind of information . I have to tell someone else . ( shake he head ) fuck . I really be sorry about it . okay ? despite what I say before . I be just a kid , but I mess up . will okay . Chet look at will , expectantly . chet that 's it ? you be not gonna apologize for sell my Cal ripken ball ? will sure . I be sorry ... I be sorry that my family be go through a rough patch and I be smoking a ton of weed and listen to the Wu Tang clan all the time . and that I need some extra dough to indulge my habit . which , in hindsight , be probably just a cry for help . but you never even notice . chet thanks . now I feel even worse . will sit there , stewing for a moment . then he soften - will I should not have steal the ball . I know it be wrong and I regret it like the next day . I actually try to buy it back but the guy want twice as much . I have to smoke even more weed just to get past the whole shitty incident . I guess that 's why they call it a downward spiral . chet I appreciate that you try to buy it back . so , thanks . a awkward moment pass . chet we should probably get go . will turn back around , go to pull out without look and - 52 . a horn blare as a speed delivery truck barrel right at they . will slam the brake , barely avoid a collision . chet fuck ! fuck ! I just want this goddamn day to be over ! as Chet continue to freak - super countdown : 5 hour , 15 minute ... CUT to : ext . the fisher ' garage - day will keep watch of the house . Chet squeeze through a garage window he have pried open . int . the fisher ' garage - day Chet drop ungracefully to the floor , right beside a well maintain 1977 datsun 240Z . Chet hurry over and unlock the side door . will enter , haul the Walmart bag of supplies . he go right for a set of hook on the wall . will the key be not here . they always use to leave the key out . chet yeah . when we be teenager . this be fuck . will let 's just find they . the guy ransack the garage . Chet knock over a shelf full of clutter . chet sorry . will go to the car and try the handle . it 's open . he scour the interior . chet you hear that ? will what ? Chet peek through the glass pane in the door . 53. chet Mr. Fisher be come ! as he look for a escape - chet oh shit , oh shit . be the key in there ? will no ! will hop out of the car . he rifle through the Walmart bag . chet what be you do ? will pull the ski mask out of the bag , along with one of the freshly paint air pistol . will I be do what I have to . will put a ski mask on , then throw one to Chet . the door open and mr. fisher ( 60 ) enter . Chet quickly pull down he mask . it 's backwards . will level the pistol - mr. fisher oh , Jesus ! Mr. Fisher brace himself against a wall . Chet fumble to turn he mask around . will affect a deep voice - will where be the car key ? mr. fisher they be in my pocket ! I be just reach in my pocket for the key ! will quiet down and do it already . Mr. Fisher reach into he pocket and produce the key . they jingle as he hold they out in he tremble hand . will snatch they . will now listen , I do not want you to report this car steal or anything until later tonight . let 's say 5 o'clock . 6 to be safe . 54 . mr. fisher sure . anything you say . will seem unconvince . he look to Chet , who shrug . will turn back to Mr. Fisher and gesture violently with the gun - will if you fuck with we , I swear , I will ... I will shoot you son . Taylor . I know where he work . at the fuck travel agency . he 's the douchebag with the bang . mr. fisher ( stunned ) please no . I will not do anything . I will not . just leave Taylor alone . will I be gonna trust you . but if you call the police , there 's gonna be a undertaker styling he stupid fuck bang ! ( beat ) now open the garage door . Mr. Fisher hit a switch that raise the garage door . Chet grab they stuff and get in the passenger side . will back toward the driver side . will the car 's insure , right ? Mr. Fisher nod . will okay . I feel better . worse come to worst , something happen to it , you can get a Honda . this thing do not even have airbag . mr. fisher please , just go . will slide into the car and start it up . ext . the fisher ' garage - day the car peel away . int . datsun - day - moving the guy yank off they ski mask . 55 . chet that old man' get a heart condition ! you could have kill he ! will my hand be force ! Chet try to get comfortable in the seat . chet awesome . I be stick inside a even smaller car with you and a bomb . will work the manual transmission . he step on the gas . will this thing 's get some pickup . chet could you just take it easy , we be do fine on time . will I know ... but there 's one last stop we have to make . chet do you have to take a piss first ? because I do . will nervously drum he finger on the steering wheel , try to figure out how to say - will I need to see you sister . chet be you for real ? do you really just ask I that ? you salt - in- a - open-wound motherfucker ! will Chet , as if it be not apparent , I may die today . I will probably die today . and if there 's one small thing that 's clear to I now , it 's that I have waste two and a half decade as a pussy , watch everything I want pass I by . I do not wanna peace out of this world as a pussy . I need to tell she how I feel . chet you be really gonna turn this into some sort of die wish bullshit ? 56 . will yes , I really be . it mean that much to I . I be not fuck around here . chet I do not think you be . I mean , apparently , you love my sister so much that you be willing to put she life in danger by go to see she with a bomb strapped to you chest . will she will not be in danger . I promise . I get it all work out . and you can even take a piss while I be inside . ext . office build - day the datsun pull around and park in back . pull back to reveal the minivan parking across the street . int . minivan - day dwayne and jay watch will hurry out of the datsun . dwayne where the fuck be he go ? what 's in there ? some sort of FBI headquarters ? I tell that guy not to fuck around ! dwayne pull out he cell phone , punch in the speed dial code . his finger hover above the send button . dwayne maybe I should give that bomb a call . jay no ! let I just go see what he 's up to . dwayne smirk . dwayne I be just fuck around . be you gay for this guy or something ? jay I just wanna get the money , dwayne . same as you . dwayne all right . then man up and go check it out . as jay reach for the door handle - 57 . dwayne do not even tell I you be about to do a reconnaissance without a cover . what 's you cover ? jay I do not know ... I be from the telephone company ? dwayne yeah , nice fuck uniform . dwayne rummages in the back of the car , produce a shopping bag and start fill it with random clothes strewn across the car . he shove the bag at jay . dwayne you be a personal shopper . you be deliver the latest fashion to Mr. quilby in marketing . get it ? jay nod , hop out with the bag and slam the door . dwayne look down at the cell phone in he hand , twirl it as he hum a revival song ... sing the lyric , softly - dwayne " he 's get the whole world in he hand . he 's get whole fuck world in he hand ... " int . stairwell , office build - day will run up the stair , a phone press to he ear - will ...no , I be here right now . kate ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) why be you act so strange ? will because strange shit be go on . I will explain everything . just meet I where I texted you . kate ( o.s. ) will - will please . just do it . 58 . ext . roof , office build - day you can see the entire shitty town from up here . the access door open and kate emerge , wind tousle she short hair . kate ( calling out ) will ? will wave at she from where he be stand , way across on the other side of the roof . kate start toward he . will stop ! will take out he cell phone and dial . kate 's phone ring . she answer it , confuse . kate what be you do ? we stay on will . we can see kate , stand 30 foot away , but she voice come over will 's cell phone , with a delay that be slightly jarring . will just do not come any closer . kate why not ? what 's go on ? will I be gonna give you the short version of a incredibly complicated and fuck up situation , so please be cool . ( beat ) some very bad guy strapped a bomb to my chest and they be force I to commit a crime . kate will , I swear , if this be - will I wish I be joke , but I be not . I know it 's a lot to swallow , but you gotta take it on face value , because there 's a timer attach to this thing and it 's count down . kate 's voice falter - kate oh my god , will ... we will get help . I will get you help . 59 . will I do not come here for help . I be take care of it . I come here because , should thing not work out today as I would like they to , I want you to know why I be do the thing I do . kate please , just let I call someone . let I do something . this be crazy ! will I do not disagree with you . it 's fuck nut . but that 's not even what this be about . ( struggling ) do you remember when you find that picture in my car of you , I and Chet , with Chet cut out of it ? kate will , I can not remember about some stupid picture while you be - will I need you to remember about the picture , and about how I stop by you office every Friday , and how I have always hate all you boyfriend , and how the two girl I have ever seriously date have look like less attractive version of you . ( beat ) do you see where I be go with this ? I love you kate . I have for a very long time . kate be barely hold it together . kate will , this be a lot you be put on I ! you just tell I people be try to kill you or something , and now you say you love I . what the fuck be go on ? will a whole lot of shit . I be sorry to do this to you , but I be afraid I would never get the chance to tell you . and I know you have feeling for I , too . maybe you feel for I the way you feel for a good friend , or - if the world fuck hate I - a brother . ( more ) 60 . will ( cont 'd ) but what I hope be that you do not really know how you feel for I , and that maybe when you figure it out you ' will realize it 's the same way I feel for you . do that make any sense ? kate yes . I mean , I have know you forever . it 's not a easy thing to figure out . will I do not need a answer now . just think about it . and no matter what you decide , you be too good for asshole like Mark and the rest of they . kate manage a small , stifle laugh . kate okay . I will process all of this . it 's just , the bomb - will it 's distracting . I know . anyway , I would love to stay and talk some more , but I can not . I gotta ask you to leave now , because I be run out of time . kate nod . will hang up the phone . she turn back toward the access door , stop . she yell across the roof at will - kate if I have time to think about it ... I would probably tell you that I have always feel very strongly for you . and I have never think of you as a brother . will smile , yell back - will that 's a huge relief . do not say anything else . I just really do not want to die now . kate try not to . please . kate turn and continue to the access door . 61 . int . stairwell , office build - day jay pace about the landing that lead up to the roof . he hear the door open and hurry down to the entrance for the nearest floor . he try the door , but it 's lock . kate enter the stairwell from the roof access door and spot jay try to force the door open . she be hold back tear . he just look incredibly confuse . jay I be , uh ... I be a personal shopper . I be look for Mr. quilby . kate I be sorry , I do not know who that be . kate continue down the stair , tear come now . jay wait a beat , then hurry down and try the door on the next level , which be open . int . minivan - day jay jump in the van , huffing and puffing . dwayne so ? jay it be just he girlfriend or something . dwayne get one last blow job in case he do not make it . I kinda like this guy . int . datsun - day will , galvanize by the exchange , hop inside . chet do you tell she how you see she naked when she be 13 ? that always work . will I say my piece . she 's gonna think about it . chet shut up . she be freak out . will yes . by the bomb . chet by you . 62 . will would it be so bad if we end up together ? you and I would be family . chet I do not want you in the family . you bring very little to the table . I want she to be with someone awesome . a pro quarterback . a war hero . at the very least , someone I have never watch porn with . will well , now it 's up to she . chet not if I set that bomb off myself . will then you would probably never get to rob a bank . will throw the car into gear and pull away . super countdown : 4 hour , 10 minute ... CUT to : ext . parking lot , donner -well national bank - day the datsun be park in the half - full lot . the guy lean against the driver side , with they back to the bank and the car provide cover . they each have a spray paint air pistol tuck into they pants . will you go for the money . I will cover the crowd . in and out . Chet clasp he hand around he stomach . chet I be not feel so good . I drank like three of that 5 - hour Energy drink . will it 's just nerve . let 's pull we shit together and do this thing . Chet reign it in . the guy slide on the leather glove and roll up ski mask . they turn and stride toward the bank . the guy stop as they get to the door . they pull the ski mask down and take out they air pistol . 63. chet what should I call you in there , like if I need to ask you to do something ? will call I tivon . you will be Darius . chet I can tell you be not a black guy through the ski mask . will Fine . then you will be Luis and I be Cruz . we be two loco motherfucker and that 's the way we gotta roll when we get in there . int . donner -well national bank - day it 's business as usual for a dozen customer and about as many employees . they all just want to get do with they shit and go home , when - will and Chet burst through the bank door , gun in hand . will everybody put you hand in the air ! chet no , get on the ground ! will actually , listen to he and get on the fuck ground ! will and Chet be on a adrenaline high , wave they gun everywhere . people scream . will shut up ! please ! will frantically scan the panicked crowd for - the security guard ( 40s ) , rail thin and jumpy . will point he gun right at he . will you , just stand right there and do not do shit ! the rest of you get the fuck down ! spread you arm and leg ! why be no one listen to I !? security guard just take it easy , man ! 64 . will do not be a hero , cowboy ! security guard what the fuck do that mean ? I be not a hero ! or a cowboy ! as people drop to the ground , whisper nervously to one another - Chet rush the tellers stand behind the bulletproof glass partition . chet all of you , back away from the counter and get out here ! anyone push a button and one of this people get totally shot ! the teller hurry into the main area of the bank and get onto they stomach . will look to the Guard . will very slowly , take out you gun and toss it away . the Guard take out he gun , lay it on the ground and shove it away . the gun slide across the wax floor and - right into the outstretch hand of a sobbing mom ( 40s ) , whose daughter ( 11 ) lie beside she in a soccer uniform . mom oh , god ! I do not want the gun ! will ( to guard ) what the fuck !? do you do that on purpose !? security guard it be a accident ! chet be you guy work together ? mom no ! please take this gun away ! will just toss it , lady ! 65 . the Mom slide the gun away like it be on fire . it skid all the way across the floor , slam hard against a wall and blam ! man' voice ( o.s. ) ah ! a fat man have be shot . he clutches he thigh . fat man I think she get the femoral artery ! mom I be sorry ! it be a accident ! fat man fuck you ! who slide a gun like that !? daughter mommy , what 's happen !? mom christi , be quiet . this man be dangerous . Chet turn ashen . he move close to will , whisper urgently - chet this be fuck . that dude be gonna bleed out and we be gonna go to prison . will just calm down . fat man why be no one get I help !? will be anyone here a doctor ? nothing . just the heavy breathe of many frighten people . will hurry over to the fat man , who be bent over , hugging he leg . will Sir , let I see where you be hit . fat man just call I a ambulance ! will calm down , sir . 66 . the fat man sit up , remove he hand from he leg . will nervously take a look . there be only a small amount of blood . will it 's just a flesh wound . you be gonna be okay . fat man but it hurt so bad . will you get shot , man . it 's not suppose to feel good . but you be gonna be fine . and you will have a great story to tell everyone . fat man this be a awful story ! this be not a bank error in my favor ! I get shot ! will Point take . Luis , how we do on the money ? Chet snap back to attention - chet oh , shit . sorry , Cruz . Chet pick out the most harmless look teller , a mousy 20 - something girl , and help she up off the ground . he check she name tag : sandra . chet hey , Sandra . I know you be probably scared right now , but if you go grab we 100 grand in a bag , we will get out of here . this will all be over and you will be fine . you trust I ? Sandra nod . Chet smile , reassuringly . she hurry behind the counter , start fill a bank bag with cash , as - fat man my leg really hurt ! will can you please hurry up , Sandra !? Sandra emerge from behind the partition with the bank bag . will grab it . he take a last look at the people spread across the floor . 67 . will I be really sorry , everyone . I know we probably fuck up you day . ( look to fat man ) I be think of you in particular , sir . actually , you know what ... will cross to the fat man , offer the bank bag . will quickly . peel a few bill . on I . anyone rat he to the cop and I be come for you . I remember face . the fat man hesitantly reach for the bag . open it - Red Dye explode all over he face . he shriek . Chet whirl on the teller . chet what the fuck be that about , Sandra ? I think we have something go ! what happen to trust ? sandra I be sorry ! they make we do it ! will could you kindly fill another bag ? not a bank bag . a fuck garbage bag . and Luis , will you watch she this time ? Sandra hurry back behind the partition with Chet . he dump out the content of a trash can , grab the bag and watch closely as Sandra stuff it with cash . chet okay . that should be enough . Chet grab the bag and hustle out toward will . they be home free , until - they hear the wail of approach siren outside . they stop cold , panicked . will whirl on the teller . will fuck ! which one of you asshole trip the alarm !? be it you , Sandra !? sandra no ! it be Mark ! he push the button when you guy come in ! another teller , MARK , look up from the floor . 68 . MARK Sandra , you bitch ! now they be gonna kill we both ! sandra fuck you , Mark ! you be the manager ! will lose he shit - will fuck both of you ! fuck all of you ! I be a regular guy ! just like you ! I be a regular guy and you fuck I ! thank you for fuck a regular guy ! people be freak out . Sandra be cry , think she will probably get shot now . Chet grab will and pull he toward the door . chet let 's just get the fuck out of here . the guy slam through the door , out into ext . parking lot , donner -well national bank - day just as a lone police cruiser screech into the lot . will and Chet make a run for it , but the cruiser cut they off . officer zurman ( 21 ) , a jittery rookie , jump out of the cruiser and level he gun . the guy reflexively level theirs . officer zurman Drop you weapon ! chet do not shoot we ! officer zurman Drop the gun or I will have to ! Chet look at will with utter desperation . in the distance , they hear the siren of more cop approach . will toss he gun , rip open he jacket and grab a cluster of wire . will fuck you ! you just bring a gun to a bomb fight , officer ! I pull this wire out and we all go ! you get ten second to drop you gun and - Zurman do not stick around for the rest . he turn and sprint away . 69 . as the guy make for the datsun - chet that be awesome . will he be tempting a desperate motherfucker . the guy jump in the datsun and peel out as two more police cruiser race toward the bank . the cruiser change course and give chase . the datsun blow right by the park int . minivan - day dwayne watch as the car speed off into the distance . dwayne Holy shit ! we boy be cause some serious mayhem ! jay he 's gonna get catch or kill . dwayne whirl on jay , punch he hard in the shoulder . dwayne shut the fuck up ! if you jinx this with you negativity , I be gonna strap a bomb to you chest next . jay massage he shoulder , piss . jay oh , yeah , who 's gonna build it ? dwayne you be ! ext . STREET - day whiplash blur as the three car race by , one after the other . airborne leave flutter in they wake . int . / ext . datsun - day - moving Chet freak out as they hurtle toward lunchtime traffic . will weave in and out of car . chet shit ! this be not cool ! will be wild eye , punch the gas . Chet 's head be on a swivel . behind they : police cruiser in hot pursuit . up ahead : the world rush at they at 80 mph , populate by nothing but potential collision that will result in a fiery death . 70 . chet maybe we should pull over and surrender . will I can outrun this guy . they be not the FBI , they be local cop . just shut up and let I concentrate . I do this for a live . as they clip the side- view mirror off a Kia - chet you do not do anything like this for a live ! I be not a pizza , I be a man ! the cruiser be gain ground , throttles wide open . will downshift , spike the rpm into the red , as he bank a hard right and ext . town CENTER - day the datsun explode onto a crowded street . pedestrian crossing a intersection jump out of its way . the cruiser take the turn into town . one make it . the other slam into park car . int . / ext . datsun - day - moving will jump the curb to avoid slow - move traffic , slam into a newspaper dispenser . it flip up onto the hood and crash into the windshield , where it stay lodge . will Holy fuck ! will veer back into the street and blindly plow ahead as car he can not see swerve to avoid he . he finally slam the brake , the momentum knock the dispenser loose and launching it onto the sidewalk , scatter pedestrian . Chet whirl around to see the cruiser fly right at they . chet go! go! go! will step on the gas . the light ahead turn red . chet stop ! stop ! stop ! 71 . will roll the dice and blow through the intersection . he 's lucky . the cruiser behind he be not . it 's t-bon by traffic in a brutal , crunching collision . int . / ext . datsun - day - moving the cruiser wreckage disappear in the rear-view mirror as will floor it toward a green light . will that guy get fuck up . in the rush moment as they cross the intersection , Chet glimpsis the other cruiser barrel toward he side of the car from the perpendicular street . he have a millisecond , maybe , to process they impending doom , and then - the cruiser smashes into the back passenger side of the car . ext . town CENTER - day the datsun be send spin like a fuck top . its ruin back wheel catch , send the car tumble onto its roof . int . / ext . datsun - day - moving madness . the guy scream as the car continue to slide , upside down , out of control . as it slam into a row of parking meter , the world go black will blink back to reality . he 's hang , invert , by he seat belt . the car be a pool of shattered glass . it twinkle up at he . hour could have pass , but it 's only be second . he suck in air . satisfied that he be , in fact , still alive , he look over at - a batter and bruise Chet , head droop straight back . will Chet ? be you okay ? Chet !? chet ( rousing ) oh my god ... will talk to I . chet I think you be gonna blow up . will 's hand go to the bomb ... still intact . 72 . will no. luckily you side take most of the impact . chet awesome . will we gotta keep move . will unclick he seat belt and fall to the roof of the car . he move to Chet , unclick he belt and help he down . ext . town CENTER - day will emerge from the overturn car . he drag Chet out , along with the bag of cash . he glance up to see the officer who crash into they stumbling out of he own ruin car , which have turn a fire hydrant into a geyser . another cruiser race to the scene . will oh , fuck , man . come on . will pull Chet to he foot and they take off , round a corner into ext . alley - day as will huff and puff - will Chet ... I do not know how to tell you this ... but you get a piece of the car in you . chet what !? will in you back . Chet glance back to see a jag piece of metal stick out of he shoulder blade . chet ah ! get it out ! will I will . chet do it now ! 73. will all right . without break stride , will yank the piece of metal out of Chet 's back . he scream . chet be it rusty ? be I gonna get tetanus ? behind they , two officer turn into the alley in full sprint . they be way faster than the guy and soon gain on they . will can barely keep up with Chet . chet why be you move so slowly ? will it 's a combination of cheap sneaker and this heavy fuck bomb on my chest ! they burst out of the alley , onto ext . STREET - day the guy frantically search for a escape , spot - a bus pull up to a stop down the street . they sprint for the the bus , peel off they ski mask and wave as it lazily roll away from the stop . will hey ! over here ! the bus slow and the guy trip over each other to board it . int . bus - day - moving the guy fall into seat , gasp for air , a complete mess . will look out the window to see the officer emerge from the alley and look around for they . ext . town CENTER - day a crowd have grow around the crash site . Fire truck and ambulance be on the scene . dwayne and jay make they way through the crowd , try to see what 's what . dwayne approach a random local . dwayne you hear what happen to the guy they be after ? 74 . random local sound like they get away . dwayne and jay beam . ext . residential STREET - day the guy be cover in sweat as they hike along , eye on the lookout . they arrive at will 's park mustang . will hug the car . will I never think I would see you again . chet I think you hate this car . will it 's actually not that bad . you know , as compare to that datsun . the mustang 's get more comfortable seat . and it never would have flip over . int . mustang - day the guy get in . they sit there for a moment , silent except for they heavy breathe . will 's eye go to the garbage bag sit between they . will there 's a 100 grand in there . 100 fuck grand . which we steal . from a bank . chet I tell a bunch of people I be gonna shoot someone . I be like " you fuck move , and I will kill you where you stand ! " will I threaten to blow up a cop . ( beat ) and you never say " I will kill you where you stand . " chet I know . but shit do get pretty crazy . will yeah , it do . will start to get a little emotional . 75 . will you know , there 's no one I would have rather take down a fuck bank with . I mean that . Chet smile . chet I , neither . will and as for all that shit I say ... and all that shit I do ... I hope you can forgive I . we have be friend for so long , and I guess you hurt the people you be close to the most . chet I mess up , too . I be a dude who sleep with he best friend 's ex - girlfriend , and destroy he parent ' marriage , and sit on the sideline watch he downward spiral . I be a shitty human be . but I be glad you know that now , because you can accept I for who I be . will I do . I accept you . because you accept I . will go in for a hug . Chet get lose in the moment , before recoil . chet woah ! you still get a bomb on you . will you be right . let 's take care of that . but you owe I a hug . will pull the slip of paper dwayne give he from he pocket . will it 's all gravy from here . will take out he cell and dial the number . intercut with : ext . town CENTER - day dwayne and jay cross toward a McDonald 's . dwayne stop and answer he vibrate cell phone . 76 . dwayne this who I think it be ? will ( o.s. ) can not you hear the tick in the background ? dwayne you know , you be a pretty funny guy . will ( o.s. ) thanks . I be happy to entertain a complete psychopath . dwayne now wait a second , you be the murderer . will ( o.s. ) what 's that suppose to mean ? dwayne one of that cop who wreck he car chase you ... he be not breathe no more . will go white , cover the phone and whisper to Chet - will we kill a cop . chet you be drive ! I be just a accomplice ! will they be gonna hunt we down and kill we . cop do not take this shit lightly . chet I bet he have like eight kid . we have to find they and support he family forever . dwayne be hold back laughter . finally burst out . will ( o.s. ) what 's so fuck funny !? dwayne I be just messin ' with you . you do not kill anyone . how would a moron like you manage to rob a bank ? will ( o.s. ) Jesus ! can we just get this over with ? where do you want the money ? 77 . dwayne there 's a board up gas station out on commerce Avenue , past the highway . be there in 30 minute . will ( o.s. ) I will be there in ten . dwayne then you will be stand around with you dick in one hand , and my money in the other . dwayne hang up . he dial another number - dwayne yo , juicy , wrangle you boy . money 's on its way . ext . road - day the mustang shriek past we . super countdown : 2 hour , 58 minute ... CUT to : int . mcdonald be - day dwayne and jay sit at a table with a fast food feast spread out . dwayne eat a Big Mac , a look of utter satisfaction on he face , a man whom the god have finally smile down upon . dwayne I remember the summer after my mother pass be the first year they have the Monopoly game at McDonald 's . I musta come here three time a day try to collect all the game piece . pack on 20 pound , get acne from all the grease . the Major say I be the fattest , ugliest 13 - year - old he ever laid eye on . but I do not care , I just want to win the money and get the fuck out of there . so , one night , I follow this skinny register kid home , jump he . I keep whaling on he , ask he where they be hide the Park place piece . the million dollar prize . but he do not know shit . a year later , the Major win the lotto . I ask he for a sega Genesis . he buy I one of that paddle with the ball attach . 78 . dwayne go for a fry , see he carton be empty and grab a handful of jay' . dwayne I be not ashamed to admit that I have go through some dark time since then . Depression . addiction to a variety of shit , which I will not go into . I know you must think that 's pretty silly , especially since you manage to get through the day and you do not get shit go on as compare to I . but that 's just the way it be . that 's life . jay look pretty affect that dwayne be open up to he . jay you know , I have be pretty low , too ... if you ever want to talk about that kinda stuff . dwayne no. I do not . my whole point I be try to make before you interrupt I be that that shit be all in the past . ' Cause I do it . I finally pull it off . jay we pull it off , dwayne . the two we . we be a good team . dwayne be we ? would you do anything to protect I , my money , my empire ? jay yeah , sure ... ( nervous ) I mean , like what kinda stuff be we talk about ? dwayne take out he cell , key in the speed dial code and slide the cell across the table to jay . dwayne would you push the button ? jay why would you want I to do that ? dwayne it 's just a question , jay . would you ? if I ask you ? ( more ) 79 . dwayne ( cont 'd ) I mean , it 's no different than that watermelon . jay Watermelon be not alive . dwayne yeah , they be . not the one you blow up , though . dwayne stare hard at jay . a tense beat . jay no one get hurt ... right , dwayne ? dwayne oh , yeah . I forget about that part . dwayne crack a smile . dwayne anyway , he have not even make the drop yet . I be gonna go take a shit . stay away from the bathroom . someone could get hurt . dwayne head off . jay eye the cell phone he have leave behind . ext . boarded up gas station - day weed have overtaken the abandon place . will lean against he park car , wait . Chet be nowhere to be see . will spot Vaughn 's sentra approach . it pull into the station and Vaughn step . he could not look more menace . juicy hang back in the passenger seat . will where be the other guy ? vaughn I be the only guy . ( beat ) you get it ? will pick up the garbage bag at he foot and walk it over to Vaughn . he open it , look in . vaughn what the fuck do you do ... rob a bank ? 80 . will ( incredulous ) yes . Vaughn grin . will now where 's the code ? vaughn I do not have any code . Vaughn turn to leave . will grab he arm . Vaughn stop , look purposefully down at will 's hand . will draw back . will listen , man , I just want the code . vaughn I do not know what the fuck you be talk about . will the code for the fuck bomb ! will open he jacket . Vaughn take a sudden step back . vaughn what kind of stupid motherfucker wear a bomb to a drop ? will you boss put this on I . vaughn I be my boss . will then give I the code ! vaughn motherfucker , I do not know no goddamn code . whoever tell you I do , lie to you . now step the fuck off , or I will shoot you in the face so you do not explode and mess up my boot . Vaughn go to leave again . will run ahead of he and get in he way . will if you do not have the code , I want that money back . 81 . vaughn the only way you be get this money back be if you kill I . will you do not know what I have go through for that money ! in a instant , Vaughn have he gun out , aim at will 's head . vaughn do I look sympathetic ? now step the fuck aside . int . sentra - day juicy look on with interest as Vaughn hold will at gunpoint . then she spot ext . boarded up gas station - day Chet creep up behind Vaughn , from wherever he be hide , clutching a large metal pipe . juicy jump out of the sentra . juicy Vaughn , look out ! Vaughn whirl around toward Chet , just in time to have he gun arm smashed by the pipe . the weapon drop from he hand . Chet take another swing , crack Vaughn across the face . he howl , blood spraying , and topple over . Chet go for another swing , when - juicy jump on he , wildly bite and claw . will grab the back of juicy 's track jacket for leverage and fling she away . she hit the back of the sentra and careen clear across the trunk . will let 's go ! will grab the money . Chet kick Vaughn 's gun into the bush . the guy break for the mustang and get in . juicy get to she foot , run right by a daze Vaughn and after the car , which pull out into the road and leave she behind , scream and cursing . int . mustang - day - moving will 's mind be racing . 82. will what the fuck be that ? chet they try to screw we . you be a liability . they be just gonna let you blow up . will not with the money they will not . int . jay' garage workshop - day a tidy space , fill with various half - finish device , action figure and heavy metal poster . a low mechanical hum register . dwayne sit on a stool in the center of the garage , while jay carefully trim he hair with a electric clipper . dwayne hold up a mirror to check out he work . dwayne never come out this nice when I do it myself . you might wanna take some more off the top , though . I wanna look real professional when I go down to the morgue to identify the body . dwayne 's phone chime from a nearby counter . he grab it , look at the income number , slightly concerned . he answer - dwayne you drop the money yet ? intercut with : int . mustang - day - moving will yell into the phone - will no ! I have still get the money ! and I crack you friend 's face open ! dwayne ( o.s. ) why the fuck would you do that !? will you lie ! you say I would get the code ! dwayne be panicked , cover badly - dwayne I give he the code . he tell I he commit it to memory . ( more ) 83. dwayne ( cont 'd ) he be probably just embarrassed that he forget it . I will call he up and - will ( o.s. ) you do not give he shit ! I want the code now or you will never see this money ! dwayne hold on there , big man . you get a bomb on you . I get a cell phone that detonate it . you be not exactly negotiate from a position of leverage . will ( o.s. ) I be hold the money . I blow up , and it blow up . who have the leverage now ? go ahead and push the button , you idiot . Chet freak out - chet do not tell he to push the button ! pull over ! pull over ! dwayne be get piss off . dwayne why do not you watch what the fuck you say ! I own you ! I tell you to rob a bank , and you rob a bank . I tell you to give I the money , and you give I the goddamn money and hope I show you some mercy . will ( o.s. ) I be tired of this bullshit . I be already dead , right ? so fuck you . at least I will die rich . I can not say the same for you . the line go dead . dwayne tear off he haircut smock . dwayne that piece of shit hang up on I ! int . mustang - day - moving Chet grab the wheel and force will to pull over . chet get I out of this car ! 84 . ext . road - day Chet jump out while the mustang be still slow down . he run 20 yard away . will turn the car off and get out . chet that be colossally stupid ! will it be a negotiation tactic . he will call back and I will not answer . then he will call back and I will answer , and he will realize the only way he get the money be if he give I the code . chet sure ! that seem like a perfectly logical pattern of think ! I bet that 's exactly what he will do ! int . jay' garage workshop - day dwayne try will 's phone again . it go to voicemail . he explode like a pack of mentos in a two -liter of diet Coke . throw he cell across the room . overturn a work table . dwayne do this guy know who the fuck I be !? jay retreat into a corner . dwayne 's a big boy , and he soon tire himself out , hunch over , panting . jay dwayne ... you never tell I you be not go to give he the code . dwayne we be not amateur . he be a loose end . I let he live , someday I woulda be walk out of my mansion and ... bam ! FBI , CIA , NSA , all converge on my front lawn , ' cause a loose end turn state 's evidence and they get what they need to put I away . dwayne shake he head . start digging through the mess he 's make ... find he phone . dwayne fuck it , jay . I will just kill the Major myself . dwayne key in the speed dial code . 85 . jay do not do it . dwayne look down at the send button . dwayne you know what they say about a tree fall in the forest ? maybe the same thing apply to blow up some motherfucker across town . maybe it do not even make a sound . dwayne hit send . dwayne boom . but dwayne notice something ... the phone in he hand be ringing . he put it to he ear . the line connect - female voice ( o.s. ) hello ... who be this ... hello ...? dwayne snap the phone shut , look to jay , who try to will the bead of sweat back into he pore . dwayne who do I just call , jay ? ' Cause she sound cute for a bomb . jay ( swallows hard ) gina Kim . my seventh grade crush . or whoever life in gina Kim 's house now . dwayne where 's the number for the bomb ? jay in my head . I switch it out of you phone while you be take a shit . you be out of control , dwayne . dwayne I be in perfect control ! dwayne charge jay . jay hold up the hair clipper like a weapon , flick they on . dwayne rip the cord out of the wall , use it to yank the clipper from jay 's hand , then whip he with the cord . jay stop it ! 86 . dwayne go to whip jay again , but jay move like a jack rabbit and deliver a fierce kidney shot . dwayne stumble backward , fall onto the couch , groan - dwayne you asshole ... I make you my partner and you pull this shit ... jay I be tired of you push I around all the time ! what kinda partner do that !? dwayne fuck you ... I be gonna piss blood , be not I ? jay that 's what it say on the internet . dwayne 's phone ring in he pocket . dwayne go on . get it out for I . I can barely move . jay pull the cell from dwayne 's pocket ... open it and put it to he ear so he can answer - dwayne glad you come to you sense . intercut with : ext . boarded up gas station - day Vaughn have a rag press to he swollen , bloody face . juicy be nearby , bang up and dirty . Vaughn yell into he cell - vaughn who the fuck do you think you be talk to !? dwayne ( o.s. ) I honestly do not know . vaughn let I give you a hint : you boy just jump I , toss my bitch like a rag doll and split with the cash . dwayne realize who 's on the other line , recover - dwayne that guy 's not my boy . he 's a dick . I be sorry for all the , uh , confusion . 87 . vaughn ( o.s. ) confusion ? the only motherfucker that 's confuse be you . apparently , you think you can fuck I and survive the day . dwayne I be not fuck you , I be fuck he . you gotta understand , you be like a pawn in a much larger game I be play here . vaughn ( o.s. ) do you just call I a pawn , you stupid fuck !? dwayne I do not mean it like that . I be just juggling a whole lot of shit . vaughn ( o.s. ) I want my money . right now . dwayne that may not be possible . ( delicately ) I just want to put this out there , to keep you in the loop ... but I may need to bump the hit . Vaughn pace , furious . vaughn this be not a reservation at sizzler ! you do not " bump " it ! I want you to bring I my money right now , to where I be stand in this shit hole town , bleed from the motherfuck face ! dwayne ( o.s. ) I do not exactly have the money ... give I some time and - vaughn the deal 's off ! you just become the hit ! Vaughn hang up , toss the bloody rag to the ground and scream in frustration . juicy he life with he daddy . you already get the address . 88. int . jay' garage workshop - day dwayne look down at he phone . dwayne that 's it . the assassin 's gonna kill I now . I be gonna die . game fuck over . dwayne cradle he arm around he wounded kidney , rock back and forth , wallowing in defeat . jay we can still get he the money . try the pizza guy back . dwayne why ? so he can fuck around again , and I wind up dead , anyway ? no . I would rather just sit here . I want to die right here on this couch . jay no . we be gonna get that money . just like we plan . all we gotta do be get the leverage back . dwayne how do we do that ? pizza boy 's obviously get some kinda death wish . jay gather he resolve . jay we take the girl . the one he go to see . then he will not try shit . dwayne look up at jay with something not unlike awe . dwayne that 's actually ... that 's a great fuck idea , jay . it 's the best idea anyone 's have all day . dwayne lower he head . he remove the gun from he belt ... hold it out to jay . jay take it . feel its weight . then offer it back . jay I be just try to figure out how you would do it , dwayne . dwayne take the gun . struggle to stand . jay help he . 89 . dwayne ok . then let 's do it right . we leave nothing to chance . because if we go to prison for this , I will not be able to watch out for you . jay ok , dwayne . dwayne look over at a frame backpack hang from a hook on the wall . pvc piping bulge from it . dwayne you should probably bring the flamethrower , buddy . there 's gonna be some evidence to dispose of . ext . side of the road - day will and Chet sit on the ground , still 20 yard apart . Chet check he watch . chet it 's be half a hour . will he will call . chet in another 30 minute I be call the bomb squad . Chet gesture to the vast emptiness all around they . chet this guy obviously be not watch you anymore . will you know , even if they get the bomb squad here in time , and they can somehow get this thing off I , we still gotta answer for the robbery . chet I will take the heat with you , will . will Nah . I will tell they I force you into it . that you do not have a choice . chet thanks , man . 90 . will look at Chet for a beat . will that 's it ? you be not gonna think about it a little longer ? after all we go through ... tear down the relationship , rebuild it ... you be gonna let I go to prison alone ? chet you offer . will it be a test . you grade : F minus . you know what the " F " be for ? chet to fuck myself ? will you pass that test . fail the important one . as the guy continue to argue - super countdown : 1 hour , 28 minute ... CUT to : int . law firm , office build - day kate walk down a hallway , turn into a office . two figure rush past from the intersect hallway and duck behind a corner . kate emerge from the office and continue into int . women' bathroom , office build - day kate go to the mirror , check herself out . she 's be cry . she splashes water on she face , then enter a stall . the bathroom door open and dwayne and jay enter . dwayne pull something hairy from he pocket . Inside the stall , kate reach for some toilet paper ... from underneath the barrier , she notice two pair of dirty , masculine sneaker . her breath go shallow . she take out she cell , quietly open it . she press the first 9 in " 911 , " but she keypad volume be on and the phone make a dull , electronic beep that echoe in the quiet bathroom . dwayne ( o.s. ) why do not you just slide the phone under the door , so I do not have to kick it open and see you with you panty down . 91 . kate slide the phone out . one of the sneaker crush it . she get off the toilet , arrange she clothing and step out out of the stall . she gasp at - the two ominous man stand there in gorilla mask . dwayne 's gun be plainly visible , tuck into the front of he pants . dwayne what 's the quietest way out of the building ? ' Cause I might get excited in a confrontation , and you might wind up shot in the face . ext . live room , nice house - day the Major be watch rerun of Three 's company . he do not laugh or remotely smile at any of it . the subtle click of a door open do not escape he finely tune sense . major dwayne ? nothing . the Major get up and go to a desk , rifle through a drawer and pull something out . a simple pen . he clutches it like a weapon . int . hallway , nice house - day the Major creep along . vaughn ( o.s. ) just stay where you be , old man . the Major turn to find Vaughn point a gun at he . vaughn I be look for you son . major even if I know where he be , I would not tell you nothing . vaughn do not be stupid . major you know , I save a black man 's life in the shit . so if I take yours I would be even . vaughn I see where you son get he common sense . ( more ) 92 . vaughn ( cont 'd ) but you might want to readjust you attitude , because I be not fuck around . I want dwayne . I do not know why you would want to protect he , the motherfucker hire I to kill you . if this news have any effect at all on the Major , he do not show it . vaughn just tell I where he be ! Vaughn pull back the hammer of he gun . major you think I be scared of death ? there 's a whole generation of gook that think I be the grim reaper . Vaughn shake he head . almost imperceptibly , the Major reposition the hand with the pen in it . Vaughn be about to squeeze the trigger - but the Major beat he to it , click the pen , which be actually a pen gun . it fire a .22 caliber round into Vaughn 's neck . he drop the gun and clutches the geyser of blood . the Major charge Vaughn , jump on he and wrestle he to the ground , try to jam the pen into the wound in he neck . major I will ride you all the way to hell ! I know exactly how to get there ! Vaughn reach for he gun . his finger curl around it and he whip it across the Major 's face , knock he backwards . Vaughn scramble to he foot , gun point at the fell Major . vaughn what now , old man !? you can not kill I ! none of y'all can kill I ! the Major look up at Vaughn , once again face to face with a load weapon . major go on and - bang ! the Major go limp , one searing hole in he chest . 93. Vaughn clasp a hand to he neck to staunch the flow of blood . he step over the the Major 's body and continue upstairs . int . bathroom , nice house - day Vaughn rifle through the cabinet , dump all of the first aid supplies into the sink . he get to work on he wound . int . dwayne's room , nice house - day the lock door be kick open . Vaughn , neck crudely bandage , flick on the light and look around the childish room . chinese Fighting Fish swim in a large tank , seem to stop and look out at he like guard dog . Vaughn ransack the place . he find a desk drawer lock . take out he gun and blow it open . Vaughn pull a stuff file folder out of the drawer . flip through it . it 's full of detail about dwayne 's plan , the tanning salon , etc . vaughn motherfucker have lose he mind ... he find a map of the town in the file . Three location be highlight : the bank , the board up gas station , and the radio tower . push in on the radio tower . Vaughn stuff the map into he pocket . he stop before leave the room , turn and shatter the fish tank with the butt of he gun . Water spill out and the chinese Fighting Fish flop onto the floor . as Vaughn lift a boot to stomp they - ext . road - day will and Chet be still argue - chet look at the upshot , while you be behind bar you can finally finish you degree . if I be there , too , it would just be a distraction . will great idea , Chet . thanks a lot . I will just sit here and figure out a fuck major . will stew . after a beat , he hand go to he pocket . it 's vibrate . he pull out he cell . will hey , it 's they . 94 . will answer - will you ready to talk now ? intercut with : int . minivan - day - moving dwayne drive with he cell press to he ear . jay keep watch on kate in back . she be blindfolded , hand bound behind she back with duct tape . dwayne ( into phone ) yeah , I be ready to talk . I want my money . meet I back at the radio tower in 50 minute . will ( o.s. ) I have barely get a hour leave ! dwayne that 's the point . I want you on a short leash . will ( o.s. ) fuck that . give I the code first . then you can have you money . you will just have to trust I when I say that I do not want it . dwayne yeah , I be sure . you just wanna go back to you fantastic life . you great job . and that blonde bitch with the sexy voice . will 's mind jump to the only logical conclusion . roller coaster stomach drop . his voice crack as he ask a useless question - will what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? dwayne ( o.s. ) it mean that girl you pay a visit to today be sit in the back of my van right now . and it be not exactly consensual . will fuck you ! you cross a line ! 95 . dwayne just laugh , maniacally . dwayne there be no line ! there 's just I and you and 100 thousand dollar . once we get that shit in order , you can have she back , and you life , too . so you be gonna show up where I say , when I say . alone . and if you try anything stupid , the two of you will be deliver pizza to Saint Peter . will let I talk to she . dwayne you get ten second . dwayne hand the phone back to jay , who put it to kate 's ear . she be tremble . kate will ...? will ( o.s. ) kate , I be so sorry . kate it 's okay ... I be fine ... I be just really - dwayne snatch the phone . dwayne she 's just really gonna die if you fuck this up . will absorb this like a blow to the chest . the line disconnect . will fuck ! chet what happen ? will they have kate . chet what the fuck do that mean !? will they take she , man . they must have follow we to she office . 96 . chet damn it ! you have to go see she ! will I be sorry . I mess up ... I finally mess up worse than I could have possibly imagine . chet we gotta get she back , will . this guy be crazy . will we still get the money . as long as we have that , she 's alive . come on . Chet grab the bag of cash . they hustle into the car and it peel out , leave behind a swirl cloud of dust . as the sun begin to set - super countdown : 58 minute ... CUT to : ext . highway - night two menace headlight come at we on the empty road . they belong to int . sentra - night - moving Vaughn hold up dwayne 's map as he drive . he seem to be on the right road , head for the radio tower . he crumple the map and throw it in back . ext . side of the highway - night the mustang stop by the gate to the radio tower . Chet jump out and disappear into the bush . ext . radio tower - night the mustang pull up . will get out and look around the desert place . he hold up the money bag . will I be here ! in the shadow of the nearby shed , the minivan be reveal as its interior light come on . the door open and dwayne emerge , in he mask . dwayne how much time you get leave ? 97 . will take off the jacket and toss it to the ground . he look at the timer . will ten minute . dwayne damn . maybe we should just wait around for the money shot . the guy meet in a clear . dwayne nod at the bag . dwayne that the money ? will maybe . where 's the girl ? dwayne grin . dwayne in the van . maybe . will get she out here . you be waste time . will grip the bag close to he . dwayne whistle . the minivan door open and jay step out . strapped to he back be the frame pack we see at he workshop . a long tube connect the pack to the handle of a metal pipe - like device in he hand . jay help kate , still bound and blindfolded , out of the van . they approach dwayne and take up position behind he . kate will , be you there ? will I be here . it 's gonna be okay . dwayne this be a fuck tearjerker . will just let she come over here . dwayne I will . but you should know , my associate over there be pack a flamethrower . jay aim the metal device he have be hold . he hit a button and a pilot light come on . 98 . jay ( flat ) just do what we say . do not mess around or anything . dwayne unless either of you can outrun a 25 - foot flame . ( gesture to gun in he belt ) or a bullet . dwayne roughly pull kate away from jay and shove she forward . will grab she , pull she blindfold off and push she behind he . will get back . dwayne I give you the girl . now give I the money . will how about we get the code out of the way first , since this bomb happen to be tick so close to all of we . dwayne Fair enough . dwayne pull a slip of paper from he pocket . dwayne ( taunting ) you ready to be a free man ? will just give it to I ! dwayne 448921 . will key in the number . the timer freeze and the lock at the hinge open . will carefully extricate himself from the vest . he lay it down on the ground and step away from it . his shirt be drench in sweat from where the bomb sit . will take a final look at the money bag , then throw it to dwayne . he look inside , smile . jay take a peak . dwayne it 's so fuck pretty , be not it ? jay yeah . it 's awesome . 99 . dwayne look up at will . dwayne okay , you can get out of here now . will I actually have this sneaking suspicion that once we turn around , you be gonna put a bullet in both of we back - and this be just a guess - burn we body . dwayne they say great mind think alike . and in this case , so do we . will I figure as much . that 's why I get a gun point at you , too . ( loudly ) I get a sniper in the bush lock on you right now . dwayne do I look that dumb ? will I can not tell , you be wear a mask . before dwayne can react , he stop and blink , something shine in he eye . jay hey ...on you forehead . dwayne 's eye turn upward , just barely make out the red dot that dance on he forehead . dwayne Son of a bitch . well play . in the bush , hide from sight , Chet carefully aim he laser pointer at dwayne 's forehead . will grin at dwayne . will we be gonna walk out of here now . if you shoot , my sniper shoot . I can not guarantee he will get both of you . but he will definitely get you . as will turn away - 100 . vaughn ( o.s. ) hold the fuck up . Vaughn emerge from the darkness . he look at will . vaughn be not expect to see you here . without warning , Vaughn crack will over the head with the butt of he gun . he go down hard . kate scream . Vaughn point the gun at she and she shut up . dwayne step forward with the bag . dwayne it 's all good . we get you money . vaughn Nice mask , dwayne . now throw the money over here . dwayne comply . as soon as the bag land , Vaughn aim the gun at he . dwayne hold up . you do not have to do this . I just pay you . kate look on , terrify , a unconscious will at she side . Vaughn 's eye burn a hole through dwayne . vaughn I have be hit with a pipe , shot with a pen , and waste my whole motherfuck day ... all because of you and this job . dwayne I do not know what you be talk about . just take the money . vaughn I will . and then I be gonna tie up the two loose end in the gorilla mask . dwayne I be not a loose end ! vaughn you be a fuck idiot . you be as loose as end get . panicked , dwayne 's eye flash over to jay , who tighten he grip on the flamethrower handle . jay catch dwayne 's eye . dwayne nod . Vaughn see this . 101 . vaughn what the - jay rear up with the flamethrower . Vaughn could not be more surprised to see the device jay be hold spit a massive ball of fire at he . Vaughn dive to the ground , fire off two wild shot , one of which - Nails dwayne in the shoulder , spin he backward and knock he off he foot . kate recoil in horror as : Vaughn scurries madly on the ground , intermittently fire , while jay scream and try to torch he with the 25 - foot flame . a hand touch kate 's shoulder and she whirl around to find - kate Chet !? what be you do here !? chet not now . we gotta take off . ( look around ) where 's will ? kate look to the empty spot beside she where will just be . flame inch from he , Vaughn line up a desperate shot - good news : the bullet only graze jay 's side . bad news : it keep go and punch through the flamethrower backpack , which happen to be fill with gasoline , which happen to have a incredibly low flash point . so the spark from , say , a bullet , would cause a eruption of flame meanwhile , will pop up behind Chet and kate , clutching the garbage bag . will I get the money . let 's get the fuck out of here . they take off toward will 's car . dwayne groggily come to ... no SOUND , just a ringing . the first thing he see : Vaughn storming toward he , god-know - what spew from he mouth . Vaughn level he gun - it do not make a sound for two reason . the second be that it 's out of bullet . dwayne fumble for he own hardware . muzzle flash . 102 . Vaughn drop to he knee . pulse snatch from he . SOUND slam back to the tune of jay 's scream . dwayne look over to see he friend in flame , flail he arm and shriek . dwayne 's head snap to the other side , where he see the mustang 's tire peel . he tear off he mask , frantically look around . the money be go . dwayne no !! jay disentangle himself from the backpack , the source of the flame , but he clothes be now ablaze . in he frenzy , he somehow manage to string together two coherent word - jay dwayne ! help ! dwayne get to he foot as the mustang roar down the driveway . he look to jay , then to he minivan . dwayne 's face : two road diverge in a wood . which to take ? dwayne goddamn it , jay ! dwayne sprint over to jay , rip off he jacket and use it to beat the flame down . dwayne stop , drop and roll ! jay hit the deck . dwayne continue fight the flame , finally fall on top of jay with the jacket spread and smother the last of they out . jay look up at dwayne with puppy dog eye . jay you come back for I ... you say you never would . dwayne you do not hesitate back there , jay . you do good . jay smile . flame overtake the field all around they . dwayne I be gonna go put a bullet in that motherfucker and get we money . think you can get outta here ? jay yeah . go get he . 103 . dwayne hurry toward the minivan . jay stumble up to he foot and limp off toward the wood . ext . highway - night the mustang travel away from the rise flame . int . mustang - night - moving will 's face be a mess of dirt , sweat and dry blood . he and Chet stare ahead , completely shell - shocked . kate look from one of they to the other . kate uh ... I just get kidnap . chet yeah , that be totally will 's fault . in case you want to factor that in while you be mull over the whole relationship thing . will I be very sorry about the kidnap . this be I , take responsibility for it . grow up . like a viable life partner . chet this man have spy on you in the nude before ! will what ? no , I do not . chet he 's lie . he 's try to build a relationship on a foundation of lie . and it will not stand . kate I just get kidnap ! can we talk about that !? something catch will 's attention : a set of headlight rapidly grow larger in the rear-view mirror . int . minivan - night - moving dwayne 's speedometer be bury past 100 mph . his eye burn with intensity . 104 . int . mustang - night - moving will hit the gas . will oh , shit . one of that dude be definitely not dead ! Chet and kate look out the back window . Chet scream - chet hurry up ! he 's already on we ! ext . highway - night dwayne 's car pull even with the mustang . int . mustang - night - moving will look over at dwayne , who pull out he gun and take aim . he flash a sick grin - dwayne I own this town . before dwayne can get a shot off - ext . highway - night a explosion rock the minivan from inside . the back end be lift off the ground and the car tumble over itself . it land on its roof and skid into a ditch . int . mustang - night - moving Chet and kate watch the burn wreck disappear out the back window . they be equal part confuse and happy to be alive . kate what the hell be that ? will that be the bomb I carry around all day . I reactivate it and put it in the back of he van . I guess he time be up . chet " his time be up ? " be you think that up the whole day ? will I be prepare , yes . I can not help it if I be the kind of guy who think about the future . 105 . chet ( to kate ) he 's not that kind of guy . he do not think about the future . ever . kate what exactly happen since I see you this afternoon ? will primarily , we rob a bank . kate what !? so you be , like , fugitive ? what do we do now ? chet yeah , will . what do the future hold ? will nothing good if we stay in town and they pin this on we . kate , I think you should put in for that vacation time . right now . if anyone give you a problem , tell they to fuck off . there 's 100 grand in that trash bag by you foot . a third of it 's yours . kate open the bag ... smile through the dirt and grime . kate will , that 's - chet fucked up . why do she get a share ? will why do you get a share ? Chet stew . will catch kate 's eye in the rear-view . will Airport 's 30 minute away . pick a destination . this time it 's not a practice run . ext . highway - day the car zoom off . super countdown : 0 hour , 0 minute ... CUT to : 106 . ext . ditch - night wind fan the flame of the burn minivan . the shattered windshield sprout another crack ... then another , as - dwayne 's foot kick it out . he drag himself from the smolder steel carcass . he be a char , blood splatter mess , but he be alive . ext . highway - night dwayne be propped up against a sign , linger on the edge of consciousness . the headlight of a lone pickup truck approach . dwayne feebly wave the truck down for a ride . int . nice house - night the door open and dwayne stumble through . he have make it home . he drop like a puppet whose string have be cut . from where he head have land on the floor , dwayne see something odd ... long red streak . he crawl forward on all four to investigate ... it be a trail of sticky red blood . dwayne follow it until he come upon its source ... the crumpled body of he father , lie face down . dwayne 's face : shock and confusion and joy . dwayne dad ? dwayne inch closer , poke the body . nothing . dwayne dad , be you - the body emit a low groan . dwayne roll it over . his father 's face be white , he 's lose a lot of blood , but he be not totally spend yet . he struggle to speak - major dwayne ... dwayne what happen to you ? major some guy ... say you hire he to kill I . dwayne dad , I ... I would never ... 107 . major look at you ... lip quivering like you be get fuck ... be a man . dwayne I be a man ! I kill you , do not I ? now I be gonna use you money to open a tanning salon where they let you fuck the chick . this stir something in the Major . major you mean ... like that whorehouse ... in ' nam ... I use to tell you about ? dwayne soften at the recollection . dwayne that be great bedtime storey . the Major nod . open he hand . reveal a cordless phone . dwayne look to the bloody streak down the hall , lead to the phone table . the Major drag himself the whole way . major medics be late ... probably a couple lazy spick ... you tell them I say so ... all right , son ? dwayne sure thing , pop . the Major look up at dwayne 's bruise face , as if for the first time . major Hell of thing ... I think I may ... actually respect you now . dwayne 's eye well up . he reach out , cradle he father as he expire . it 's like a very bloody , white trash version of the piet . dwayne sob uncontrollably , until - he drop he father and pound - pound - pound he chest in some approximation of a life save resuscitation . dwayne get up , you pussy ! come on , soldier ! pull away as dwayne pound the body and distant siren grow nearer . fade out : 108 . black . the darkness ripples ... into wave . it 's the ocean , long past sunset . pull back to find a lone figure stare out at it , sit on ext . beach - night will . shirtless . could be anywhere . Chet approach and sit beside he . chet Fucking nine dollar to use the internet . will and ? chet Police think it be that black guy . they find some kind of map in he car . and I be sure racial profiling play a part . will but nothing about we ? chet nope . guess it 's time to head back . will I be think we would stick around a little a longer . chet why ? so you have more time to delude my sister ? will yes . and it would be easier if you give we five fuck minute alone . Chet stare out at the ocean for a beat . chet you really think she 's into you ? will ( swallows hard ) I kiss she last night . no tongue . then you walk in . Chet just nod . will get up . 109 . chet you be gonna go fuck my sister now , be not you ? will I will be think of you the whole time . chet at the very least ... be a considerate lover . give pleasure , before take pleasure . will I think I be read you . and I will try my best . will head up a trail that lead to a hotel bungalow . kate open the door , step out onto the porch . will stop , look back at Chet . he whistle . Chet turn . will you be riggs ! you always have be ! Chet smile , shake he head as - will reach the porch . he stand close to kate . his nerve clock overtime . will I lie and tell you brother I kiss you . I think it would make this easier . kate here 's a idea : pretend you have a bomb strapped to you chest . tick , tick - will close the gap and kiss she . after a beat - kate be Chet watch we ? will probably . we should go inside . I promise he I would satisfy you . kate laugh , lead he inside and the door shut to - black 110 . credit roll . but they be push to one side of the screen , as the other side be fill with - a lo - fi , 2001 - style light tunnel . it deposit we in the furthest reach of the galaxy , where we find - a tanning bed . rotating in orbit . dwayne 's voice boom and reverberate - dwayne grand open spectacularrr ! the tanning bed explode , like a star go supernova . from the light and fire and chaos ... emerge a logo : major tan a bad match CUT take we to the same logo . camera zoom out unsteadily to reveal it be a banner above a strip mall storefront . we be watch a local commercial with appropriately poor production value . int . major tan - day ( local commercial ) dwayne walk backward down a hallway while address camera and try not to trip - dwayne here at Major Tan , we specially train technician be hard at work develop new technology that harness the power of the sun , to ensure a cut - edge tanning experience . dwayne enter a tanning room . a man in a lab coat stare down at a clipboard , on which a complicated scientific equation be write . dwayne how 's it look ? the man turn : it 's jay . his smile face be speckle with heal burn wound . jay it 's we most advanced tanning bed yet ! he gesture to a very ordinary look tanning bed . 111 . dwayne hey , do not just take this scientist 's word for it . the proof ... dwayne snap he finger . a bad special effect make he disappear , then reappear with a totally orange tan . dwayne ... be in the tan . we follow dwayne back out into the hallway . dwayne but Major Tan be not just about look good . it 's also about feel good . dwayne gesture to another room . the door open and juicy saunter out in a bikini . a beat later , a random guy exit . random guy that " deluxe Tan " be fantastic ! ext . major tan - day ( local commercial ) dwayne stand outside the store . dwayne so come on down to Major Tan ... where we be proud to be a family business . pull back to reveal ... the Major beside dwayne . he 's only about four foot tall now , on account of the wheelchair . but he 's grin like a jackal , in a pow -mia cap . a supere logo appear : military discount available ! as father and son smile and wave at we - end commercial .