untitled tina fey project Pilot by Tina fey Broadway video Television January 24 , 2005 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library cold OPEN ext . h& h bagel , broadway - late morning lisa lemon , 34 , walk up to the bagel store , read the paper , wear she ipod . two Upper West side mom chat , block the entrance with they enormous double stroller . mom 1 I nurse Zach till he be 22 month ... lisa Excuse I ... mom 2 be not you worried about nipple confusion ? lisa Excuse I ... mom 1 no . he go right from my breast to a sippy cup . lisa that happen to I once . can I get by ? they still do not hear she . mom 2 what about silicone nipple shield ? Lisa have no choice but to back up a few step and take a run jump over the child and into the bagel place . the mom be appal . mom 1 if you have kid , you would not be laugh ! int . h&h bagel , new york - moment later Lisa wait in a long line lead to two register . a guy on a cell phone enter . he ignore the line and go up to the other register . lisa whoa , whoa , Excuse I . there 's a line , buddy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library the guy point to where he 's stand . guy there 's two line . lisa no , what ? no . there 's one line , we be in it . guy I do not think so . the guy go back to talk on he cell phone . he hold he finger up to the counter girl to wait . lisa you do not think so ? you think there 's two line and we all choose to be in this one and you be the only genius who get in the other line ? ( look to other ) do you believe this guy ? the other people just shrug and avert they eye . the back half of the line go and line up behind the guy . lisa ( cont ’d ) what be you do ?! he screw you over and now you be lining up behind he ? the stroller mom join the back of he line . they stare Lisa down . lisa ( cont ’d ) will not one of you stand with I ? i guy hey , shut up -- ( into he phone ) what kind do you want ? shut up ?!! Lisa be now at the front of she line , boil counter girl can I help you ? lisa yeah , I ’1ll take everything . I want every bagel in this place . ( to everyone ) I be buy all the bagel . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Lisa hand she a credit card . the cell phone guy roll he eye . all what ?! come on , lady . boo! etc ... lisa it 's for the qood of everyone ! ext . broadway . - moment later '' Old skool '' open credit sequence to music in the style of '' my Red letter Day '' from the Ziegfeld folly . a beam Lisa pass out bagel to everyone she see . some people be grateful . most be mistrustful and throw they away as soon as she pass . she head through town and end up at 30 rockefeller plaza ! act one int . NBC studio , new york - day the studio 's homebase set . Workmen be polish a big sign that read , " Friday night bit with Jenna decarlo , " pull back through the picture window to where kenneth a bright and chirpy ( clay aiken type ) NBC page be give a tour . he stand next to a life-size standee of impish comedian Jenna decarlo . . kenneth and this be the set of the " Friday night bit with Jenna decarlo . " ( point to standee ) it 's a real funny lady 's comedy show for lady . tourist what time be it on ? kenneth Fridays at 10 . but , seriously , sir , it 's just for lady . candy quiz ! can anybody name other show that only lady like ? tourist desperate housewive ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library kenneth yes . Kenneth throw the guy a piece of candy . tourist 2 " sex in the City ? " kenneth no. ( throw candy ) I be sorry , it 's sex and the City . I can not accept that . Kenneth do not throw the guy candy . the elevator door open and Lisa come out , carry one small bag of bagel . kenneth ( cont 'd ) hey , everybody , here 's someone you would never get to meet . this be the head - writer of Friday night bit , Lisa lemon . Kenneth clap . the tour group stare blankly . Lisa smile embarrassedly and wave . lisa hi . beat . a fat kid in the front burp . int . studio Lisa xun into pete hornberger , 43 , she friend and longtime producer . pete what 's up ? have you look at that ' '' judgemental baby '' sketch ? Cause it 's still seven minute long . lisa yikes , okay . hey , you gotta tell that NBC page to take it down a notch . pete who Kenneth ? lisa he just embarrassed I in front of a whole tour group . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library pete I will talk to he , ( notice bagel ) what 's this ? lisa ( smile ) I be in the bagel store and this guy come in -- int . writer ' room - a few minute later at a large conference table , toofer , 25 , a African - american Harvard guy writer and frank , 27 , a heavyset writer with long 2 % top hair and glass , read the papers . in the corner , sarie , a gorgeous 22 year old assistant ( of the spray - tan platinum - haire Hilton variety ) answer the phone . sarie Friday night bit . okay , hold on , I will connect you . she somehow look sexy transfer call . toofer and Frank stare at she . next call . sarie ( cont 'd ) Friday night bit . we fax number ? sarie kneel backwards on she chair to look at the fax machine , a lower back tattoo be reveal . _ toofer give Frank $ 5 ( clearly , they have a bet . ) Lisa enter , finish she story to Pete . lisa and I be like , '' give I all the bagel , dammit ! '' pete ( take bagel ) wow . that be the longest stroy I have ever have to listen to to get a free bagel . Pete continue down the hall . toofer complain to Lisa immediately . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library € toofer Chumley , you have get to talk to someone upstairs about get we a stock of beverage . lisa good morning . toofer I mean , surely we massive conglomerate parent company could spring for a samovar of coffee . , prank or , like , a big coffee dispenser . toofer that 's what a samovar be . frank sorry , I be not raise gay . josh , 23 , enter . he be a adorable young comedian / cast member on '' the Jenna decarlo show . '' josh hey , who do this sound like ? josh do a flawless imitation of President Bush . josh ( cont 'd ) '' my fellow Americans , the situation in Iraq grow more tense each day . the insurgeon and evil - spreader have leave I no choice but to ask for a do -over . '' toofer Martin Van buren ? frank ron Jeremy ? josh be playful , unfaze by they meanness . josh no , it be suppose to be you mom . frank no . my mom 's voice be way lower . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library toofer ( to Lisa ) dude , can we at least send out for coffee ? lisa yeah , but I be not treat . I just spend $ 600 on bagel . wanna know why ? no one bite . all Nah ... no thanks ... etc . lisa sarie , can we order some coffee ? sarie ( lay on the couch ) yeah . I will have a soy latte . sarie go back to she magazine . Lisa look at she for a beat , then write down the coffee order herself . lisa sarie , soy latte . josh ? josh large oreo brownie mochaccino , please . with whipped cream . lisa 23 . must be nice . toofer ? toofer short non - fat ethiopian yergacheffe . frank that 's what you be , be not it ? toofer nignore he ) and if they do not have that blend then , please , just a steam milk with a skoche of amarretto syrup . lisa you really be gross . toofer smile and tip a imaginary hat . e@ Frank ? lisa ( cont 'd ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library frank a hamburger . lisa that 's not ... frank what ? it 's the same price . lisa Fine . int . hallway - later Pete gently reprimand Kenneth the page . pete -- and you probably do not need to introduce the writer to the tour group . kenneth I agree . I think they would find it interesting , but they really do not . so I take they downstairs and show they debra norville 's private toilet -- CUT to : int . outside the door of debra norville's private toilet . Kenneth address a large tour group outside she bathroom , kenneth +..to be use by no one but she . loud embarrassing toilet sound emanate from within . kenneth ( cont 'd ) oops ! CUT back to : int . hallway pete yeah , it 's be my experience , Kenneth , that people do best with as little information as possible . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library pete ( cont 'd ) will if you pass a celebrity with the tour group , just respect they privacy . kenneth I do not know . conan o' brien get real mad if I do not make a big fuss over he . pete okay , well , feel it out . make eye contact with the person . try to read they facial expression . do they want the attention ? kenneth I promise I will get it right , Mr. hornberger . pete I be sure you will . kenneth ( tear up ) I just love television so much . pete we all do . int . writer' room . - a little later Lisa and the writer be sit around the table rewrite a sketch . but Lisa have stop to tell they she bagel story . lisa and I be , like , '' screw you ! I be buy all the bagel ! '' the boy be not impressed or interested . frank that 's great . you should make that into a movie for the Lifetime Network . toofer '' all the bagel : the Lisa lemon Story . '' lisa star Linda hunt . okay , where be we ? Frank read a part aloud . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 's frank bottom of 4 , '' hey , kid , who want a big bowl of flakey - of 's ? '' lisa I do not like " flakey - of 's . " what 's a better fake cereal name ? frank oat bung ? tooper chocolate log jam . lisa cornhole ? frank sugar cornhole . toofer frosted mini-gun . lisa meat puff ? toofer kashi go poo . Pete enter . phone ring . sarie answer it . lisa Pete . Fake cereal name . pete branfucker . [ bleep lisa we have a winner . sarie Pete , they want you and Lisa on the 50th e£loor . pete who , Gary ? toofer get he to pay for my samovar . lisa T will get it . i’1l get it right now . I be S still fire up from my bagel incident . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . josh be pass through . josh {to Frank ) what bagel incident ? frank if you ask she , I will stab you . lisa what do we want ? toofer a coffee maker , coffee , and a array of milk . frank Three case of name - brand soda a day . sarie cable tv. toofer a snack basket . josh custom make nike with the name of the show on the tongue and we initial on the heel . lisa josh , bend it , do not break it . int . elevator bank - continuous Pete and Lisa wait for the elevator . lisa Gary will give we all this , right ? pete of course he will . he 's the nicest man in the world . remember when he find that baby bird in the park ? CUT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . int . gary office - the past c.u. of Gary luderman , 50 , a square - look corporate guy in a suit . he be intently feed a baby bird with a eye dropper . gary luderman hey , fella . hey , fella . ( smile up to the camera ) I '' gonna name he fella . CUT back to : int . hallway outside gary office . lisa ( sing ) Gary luderman be the nicest man in the wooorld ! they turn the corner into ... int . executive office - day the whole place be under noisy renovation . Workmen everywhere . Pete and Lisa step in to see jack donaghy , 45 , handsome and impeccably dress , kick he way into the room through a partially rip out wall . lisa where 's Gary ? jack Gary 's dead . I be Jack donaghy . New vp of development for NBC / GE / universal / vivendi/kmart . pete we own kmart now ? jack no , we do not . so why be you dress like we do ? Pete and Lisa look at they overly casual work clothes . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13. int . writer' room . ~- same time josh , toofer and Frank be work . sarie answer the sarie Friday night bit . ( beat ) this be sarie. ( exasperate ) mommy , why be you call I ? josh ( to toofer ) be you guy just stare at the new receptionist or be you actually try to levitate she with you mind ? toofer shhh , I have to hear this . they eavesdrop on sarie . sarie of course I show up for work . you do not have to , like , check on I all the time . ( quietly ) I take the helicopter . frank {to josh ) her parent be some rich famous big shot and they get she this job because they want she to learn the value of work . sarie take out she gum , fold it in a dollar bill and throw it out . josh who be she parent ? frank she will not say . toofer she say it would affect the way we treat she . josh no , I would still try to make out with she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . frank she do not do it for I . my perfect woman be a standard size 12 , still in she waitress uniform , with she kid asleep in the next room , the other two nod in reluctant agreement . that be kind of hot . int . hallway - same time Kenneth be give another tour . kenneth rockefeller Center be build in the 1930 's by -- anyone ? tourist the rockefeller ? Kenneth throw the guy a piece of candy . kenneth correct . Studio 8e be construct in 1951 for a show call '' the vick vap -o- rub fun hour . '' in the 1970' it be use for a talk show by a gentleman name phil donahoo , and now it 's home to the Jenna decarlo - - Kenneth see jenna decarlo come off the elevator . he try to assess she mood . she take off she sunglass and look at Kenneth . she have a crazy wide - eye expression that mean , " do not bother I . " but she face be so animated and friendly that Kenneth can not " read " it . Kenneth smile at Jenna . Jenna smile / grimace back . there be a back and forth moment of panic between Kenneth and Jenna as they try to interpret each other ' expression . then , one of the tour group recognize she -- tourist 6 hey , that 's Jenna decarlo ! other ooh , Jenna decarlo ! Jenna ! etc. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . flashbulb . Jenna look hang -over and dishevel . the exact opposite of she picture on the standee behind she . she can not help but blurt out she thought to the crowd . jenna hi , let I explain that I be really hang over right now and that 's why I look like this , but I be not normally hang over on a Wednesday . I try a new tapas restaurant in my neighborhood last night and the waiter recognize I so he keep give I free mojito -- which do not happen all the time , I be not like , some gross famous person -- but he keep bring they and I do not usually drink hard liquor cause I be really small and I can get drunk so easily -- ( she start to giggle with embarrassment ) I mean , I do not get drunk frequently . she grab the arm of a tourist for emphasis . jenna ( cont 'd ) I be just say that if I look a little green there be extenuate circumstance . denna exit around a corner . beat . kenneth how about that ? Jenna decarlo , every -- Jenna come back around . jenna but I do not want people to think I be not friendly . I be just nauseous and I have stomach issue -- the group nod politely . jenna ( cont 'd ) okay . she start to exit . jenna ( cont 'd ) forget I say " stomach issue . " okay . bye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . int . jack office ~ a few minute later Pete and Lisa sit gingerly on the edge of the couch . Workmen work behind they . Jack sit at he desk which have a lot of expose wire hang over it . nearby we see the leg of a workman on a ladder . pete I be surprised you be renovate . this be such a nice office . jack it 's a great office . but sometimes you have to change thing that be perfectly good just to make they you own . Pete and Lisa look a little worried . Jack 's nerdy male assistant appear and hand Jack a note write on a post - it . jack ( cont 'd ) t'1l call she back . be she at the White House number ? Assistant nod . he hand he another post - it . jack ( cont 'd ) tell they I need a 4 a.m. tee time . he hand he another post - it . jack ( cont 'd ) about five inch , but it 's thick . Pete and Lisa look at each other . as he exit , the assistant get a little shock to the head from a dangle wire and flinch slightly . Jack turn he attention to Pete and Lisa . jack ( cont 'd ) be you familiar with the award - win GE tri-vection oven ? lisa I do not cook very much , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jack sure . I get you . New York third wave feminist . College -educate . single and pretend to be happy about it . over - schedule , under -sex . you buy any Magazine that say " healthy body image " on the cover , but you kitchen 's get nothing but snackwelis and expire yogurt . you reject traditional female role , but every two year you take up knitting for a week . pete ( impressed ) that 's dead on . lisa be you gonna guess my weight now ? jack you do not want I to do that . pete that knitting thing be just uncanny . how do you do that ? jack market research , my friend . year and year of market research ... that lead to my great triumph , the tri-vection oven . pete my wife want one of that . the assistant reappear . another post - it to read . jack ( to the assistant ) yes , but I will need my kevlar vest . ( back to Pete and Lisa with a smile ) the trivection oven cook perfect food five time faster than a conventional oven , because it use three kind of heat : thermal technology , for consistent temperature ; GE precise air™ convection technology , for optimal air circulation ; and microwave technology , for unbelievable speed . with three kind of heat , you can cook a turkey in 22 minute . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . pete wow . that 's impressive . jack the people upstairs agree . that 's why they promote I . that 's why I be here to re-tool you show . lisa re-tool what now ? jack I be the new vice President of East Coast Television and microwave oven programm . lisa that sound like you program microwave oven . jack ( to he asst . ) see , I tell you that be imprecise . make it " vice President of East Coast Television programm and microwave oven - to x lisa I czar ? jack I like you . you have the boldness of a much young woman . Lisa be offended . some spark literally fly , from the construction behind she . pete you know , Jack , Lisa and I have work together on a bunch of show over the last ten year , and I know Gary be very pleased -- jack Pete , I have see the show . the little gal 's good . lisa Jenna . jack and the skit be decent , but you be miss that third kind of heat . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library sane ! 13. lisa there 's the kind of heat that rise from dog poop . maybe we could use that . jack think about lawrence Jordan . pete the black guy ? jack the black movie star . I fly with he recently on a private jet to the Super - bowl , and he be very entertaining . lisa be not he , um ... crazy ? jack lawrence have have he problem in the last few year . CUT to : ext . california freeway - day African - american comedy star lawrence jordan , 35 , run down through traffic in nothing but tighty whity . lawrence lama jedi ! I ama jedi ! CUT back to : int . jack office . jack but it 's important to remember that he be never charge with any crime . it 's not illegal to fall asleep on you neighbor 's roof . pete nor should it be . jack lawrence Jordan be the " third heat . " pete so would he join the cast ...? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library jack join the cast , permanent guest host -- I be go to meet with he this afternoon and see what he think -- Lisa clear a place to lay down on the coffee table . jack ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? lisa sometimes when it have this stress dream , if I go to sleep in the dream , I come out of it . the Assistant scribbles then hand she a post - it . lisa ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " this be not a dream . " jack Jonathan , take Pete and help he pick out a trivection oven for he wife . pete ( pleased ) hey. lisa wait . Lisa take out she list . lisa ( cont ’d ) we also want a coffee machine , a snack basket -- jack done. Jonathan ? the assistant take she list of demand . after he and Pete exit ... jack ( cont ‘d ) Lisa , I have hear a lot of good thing about you . lisa well , a lot of that stuff I do not do anymore . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21. jack I just want you to know that you job be secure . you be gonna be essential to transform the’ show . lisa no , no , no , Jack . Jenna be my friend and we like we show the way it be . it may not get the high rating , but we have we own little follow , and I be not go to let you come in here and turn it into some kind of -- jack hit ? lisa just let I talk to she before you make any concrete - - the wall behind she come tumble down . a chunk of drywall hit she on the head . lisa ( cont ’d ) mother-effer -! she fall down . act two int . a hair salon set a sketch from the show . josh wear a fake moustache . Jenna be perform a crazy character with a goofy voice . josh yes , I have a appointment with Louise . jenna glouise be not here . I be bevergly . recognition applause . this be a recur character . jenna ( cont ’d ) and I will be you substitute hair styglist ! laughter . pull back to reveal : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22. int . writer 's room - afternoon toofer and Frank be watch a tape of this sketch . toofer we should do one where '' bevergly '' be a '' grape '' counselor . toofer hand he a frothy cappuccino in a glass mug . across the room , josh be go through a large snack basket . josh dust tell I who you parent be . sarie no . you could not handle it . josh okay , I be gonna try to guess who they be from look at you face . he study she . josh ( cont 'd ) blond hair , little nose , kind of swedish ... you mom be ... Cheryl tieg and you dad be ... ( check out she body ) Stephen hawking . sarie punch he in the arm . josh ( cont 'd ) what ? Cause you be smart ! int . hallway - a little later Pete be talk to Kenneth again . pete ... and Jenna decarlo be very upset . kenneth I try to read she face , but it 's so rubbery ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ' how bout this ? as a rule , if you see a celebrity when you be with the tour group , do not bother they . kenneth be that a guideline , or a rule ? Cause I respond well to structure . pete let 's say it 's a rule . int . hall . - same time Lisa get off the elevator hold a ice pack to she head . she run smack into Jenna . Lisa act weird and awkward . lisa hey . jenna hey . what happen to you head ? lisa the sky be fall . do you have a minute ? jenna no . I have a costume fitting for the '' judgemental baby '' sketch . lisa . abh. 1I x11 find you after . jenna you seem upset . lisa you seem upset . jenna I '' hang over . lisa ( seemingly reminisc ) remember , like , five year ago when you be still waitress and I be temping at that law firm and we use to do improv show for free at night ? for script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library % | yeah . jenna lisa do we hate it ? jenna yeah . we hate it a lot . lisa that 's what I think . int . writer 's room - continuous Lisa enter to find everyone excitedly enjoy the new high - end coffee machine , snack basket , cable tv , etc . toofer hand she a cappuccino . toofer well do , 'o lady ! frank how have you get everything so fast ? lisa what can I say ? I '' a hardass . she duck into Pete 's office . int . pete' office - continuous he be finish up a phone call . pete well , my condolence . please let I know where we can send flower . okay . he hang up . pete ( cont ’d ) ugh , poor Gary . lisa how do he die ? pete kill by a deer . lisa what ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library C 25 . pete he use to feed the deer every morning at he house upstate . and then he get a injunction from the township say he have to stop . so he do . two day later , he go out to get he paper , and the deer go mad . Pete make a accompany hand gesture like deer paw claw at someone . lisa they just go mad ? she mimic the same gesture . Pete nod and do it again . pete he stop feed they and they turn on he . lisa what be we gonna do ? we quit , right ? do we quit ? pete not I . my twin need brace . lisa the older twin or the identical ? pete all four . they have get mouth like piranhas . he hand she a picture from he desk . lisa ew . they do . pete but sometimes with a thing like this , if you wait it out , it go away on its own . lisa {still look at the picture ) no , you gotta get the brace . pete Jack donaghy , I be talk about . so he meet with crazy lawrence Jordan today . ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 . pete ( cont 'd ) jorda n'11 ask for too much money or he will show up wear a child 's swimsuit and a shower cap and donaghy will change he mind . nobody need to know this ever come up . josh enter . josh oh , hey , awesome . just the people I be look for . I be work on this bit about celebrity do commercial , like - ( imitate Christopher walken perfectly ) " this be Christopher walken for tropicana orange juice . try the juice . it 's very ... tangy '' or , um -- nimitate lawrence Jordan perfectly ) '' yo , this be lawrence Jordan , star of ' Black cop / White . cop ' and when I want a good night 's sleep , I sleep on my neighbor 's roof . but now that I be make a comeback , I sleep at the best western . best western . it 's like sleep on Ted danson 's roof . holla ! " lisa okay , I do not know what you have hear , but lawrence Jordan be not join the cast . he be not take over for Jenna . we be not turn into the lawrence Jordan show . josh what ? she realize he do not know any of this . lisa nothing . pete nicely handle . int . studio hallway - same time Kenneth be answer question from another tour group . kenneth yes , Katie couric be real tiny in person . ( stage whisper ) ( more ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . kenneth ( cont 'd ) but she boob be a lot bigger than you would think . the elevator door open and lawrence jordan , 30 , enter with a small entourage , look totally kickass . cool music under . as they get close to the tour group , Kenneth see lawrence [ a big movie star ! ] and , panic , divert the group 's attention . kenneth ( cont ’d ) now , if y'all look over here , you will see a water fountain ! lawrence stop behind the group and wait for Kenneth to acknowledge he . Kenneth start to sweat . kenneth ( cont 'd ) do anyone have any question about it ? lawrence give he posse a look like , " what the hell ? why be not this guy acknowledge I ? " lawrence yes , I have a question . ( big smile ) how do you feel , NBC Tour ? Cause you look like a portay ! kenneth ( timidly ) lawrence Jordan , everybody . the group applaud excitedly to see lawrence . lawrence go over and work the crowd . lawrence ( to a pregnant lady ) you be beautiful , little mama . you be do God 's work . ( talk in a " honky " voice to a middle age white guy ) do not I know you from the insurance meeting ? we have get to sign that papers , reginald . the guy laugh . lawrence go to a skinny , sullen , white teen . lawrence put he arm around the kid very sincerely . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . of u lawrence ( cont 'd ) listen . I know be you age be hard . but do not you " put on the trench coat . '' you hear I ? you have a problem , you call I . do not put on that trench coat . the kid nod . lawrence ( cont 'd ) ( to everyone ) live. life. love. laugh ! the group applaud . there be such a thing as " star quality . " int . pete' office - same time josh do Jenna know ? lisa I gotta tell she before she hear it somewhere else . josh she 's be around the block . she can handle bad news . lisa yeah ... off Lisa 's look ... cur to : int . a diner - the past the waitress serve Jenna she breakfast . jenna ( deject ) I say wheat toast . she burst into tear . CUT back to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library '' 29 . int . pete' office . lisa she 's gonna freak out . toofer enter , indignant . toofer I will not work with lawrence Jordan . pete it 's just a rumor . toofer I work with he at the MTV award two year ago , where he find it endlessly amusing to show I he johnson . pete how be it ? toofer considerable . on one occasion , he have place it in a foot - long hot dog bun and put mustard on it . I loathe he . sarie stand in the doorway . sarie he 's not that bad . he rent near we in East hampton . I see he once at a charity polo match . pete do he seem crazy ? - sarie no. well ... he be make out with martha Stewart ... but we have all do that . they all stare at she for a beat . sarie ( cont 's D} joke . toofer have you see any of he movie ? the guy 's sensibility be just cretinous . lisa I see the one where he play , like , five different character . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library poy ae 30 . toofer " Black cop / White cop " lisa no. josh '' who dat ninja ? " lisa no , he be ... god , they all blend together , do not they ? he have to pretend to be a old lady -- toofer yes , yes . he actually say the title at one point ... off they think ... cuT to : ext . doorway a house . - day a clip from one of lawrence Jordan 's movie . he be dress as a big fat white grandma a la Mrs. doubtfire . unseen party be throw pie at he . lawrence oh , gracious goodness ! you hooligan better watch out ! a pie hit he . he suddenly sound masculine and black . lawrence ( cont 'd ) Cause this honky grandma be trippin ! CUT back to : int . pete' office lisa / toofer ( relieved to remember} " honky grandma be trippin 's . " josh oh , yeah . that movie be hilarious . Lisa glare at he . Frank burst in , incredulous . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . frank be what I hear true ?! pete not prank Gary luderman get kill by a deer ?! pete oh yeah , by the way , everybody . Gary luderman get kill by a deer . before anyone can react , Jenna enter . she be ina ridiculous baby costume [ over -size diaper , pinafore , bonnet ] . jenna you guy , you have to come see this ! you know that crazy actor guy from '' who dat ninja ? " he 's in we studio ! it 's hilarious ! you have to see it . Jenna run out . they all run out after she . int . hallway - day every face be press up against the picture window of the studio . they look shocked . int . studio - same time lawrence Jordan pace around the homebase set , preaching to the empty seat . lawrence I be back , America ! I be come into you house . lawrence grab the camera and talk into the lens like bono . lawrence ( cont 'd ) I be come into you house , americal Jack encourage he proudly from the empty seat . jack we love you , lawrence ! come into we home ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . lawrence remove he shirt . lawrence I be the third heat ! I be the third heat ! jack you be the third heat , baby ! out by the picture window , Jenna turn to Lisa , chuckle . jenna this guy 's full - tilt nut . be I right ? Kenneth arrive with a tour group . kenneth here we see the set for '' Friday night bit . '' ( stage whisper ) . although the industry buzz be it 's be re-tool into the lawrence Jordan sh -- Pete leap over and choke Kenneth to shut he up . the tour group gasp . Jenna turn to Lisa . jenna what do he say ? lisa Jenna , I have some news . do not freak out . Jenna stare at she wide - eye for a beat , then ... cuT to : ext . 6th ave - a few minute later Jenna , in the baby costume , run through traffic [ much like lawrence Jordan ] , out of she mind . jenna I ama jedi ! I ama jedi ! int . studio floor - a few minute later everyone 's gather around lawrence Jordan , he 's hold court . Lisa watch from the balcony above . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library lawrence jordan now at the time , I and Eddie be both talk to the same girl , ' cept I do not know she be a transexual ... everyone laugh . lisa ( to herself ) will not one of you stand with I ? Jack donaghy walk over to she . lisa ( cont 'd ) would you like I to review for you everything you have do wrong so far ? you have hire a guy so crazy that nobody else in the world will work with he right now . you bring he in here without even talk to Jenna first , which will send she into a two - year spiral . you be put he in my hand , know I do not want he here . you give my greedy , insatiable write staff every toy they ask for , which only mean they will have a longer list of thing they want tomorrow . do not stop feed that deer , Mr. donaghy , or they will turn on you . jack you will make it work . lisa what make you think that ? jack Cause you friend Jenna 's get nowhere else to go . you will be nice to lawrence , cause it 's not he fauit . and you will focus all you rage and hatred on I . lisa ugh , you know what ? you do not know everything about I . she storm out of frame . Jack watch she walk away . jack about 127 pound . from off camera , she whip a water bottle at he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. she climb down into the studio to introduce herself to lawrence Jordan . : lisa hi , I be Lisa . I be -- lawrence yes , yes . Lisa lemon ! I know who you be . he kiss she hand , dramatically . lawrence ( cont ‘d ) the very talented . very talented . lisa oh , well . let ' 's not . lawrence you bre gonna be my phil spector , right ? lisa how 's that ? lawrence you be gonna take my raw black sound and make it nice for white people 's ear . lisa yes . and then I be gonna kill somebody . lawrence think this be hilarious . tag int . tapas restaurant - evening Lisa , enter and approach the maitre have . lisa hi , I be here to pick up my baby . he point to Jenna , still in the baby outfit , in a back booth , waste . jenna tadeo , another mojito ! lisa no , no . come on , friend . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . Lisa struggle to help Jenna out . she stop by a couple with a baby near the door . lisa ( cont ’d ) can I borrow this for five minute ? ext . NYC STREET - evening Lisa push Jenna down the street in a stroller . jenna I have so much rage . lisa it could be worse . you could have nipple confusion . ( out ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library