$ 3,000 by Jonathan lawton fade in : ext . hollywood blvd . - night it be shortly after midnight on a icy night . a old yellow mustang pull alongside the curb on a sleazy section of Hollywood boulevard . the passenger door open and vivian step out . she quickly shut the door and walk away from the car as if it be not there . the mustang drive off . vivian continue strolling down the street , cold white breath float from she bright red lip . dress in a tight purple leather mini-skirt , black stocking and a white imitation fur jacket , vivian be twenty - two year old . she have be hook or over six year . heavy make - up give she pretty face a dangerous and hard look . she light up a cigarette and take a drag . she move gracefully on spike heel across the grime cover sidewalk . she own this section of the boulevard . after six year on the street she have see it all . she have do everything and will do anything . humiliation be for the shy . fear be for the innocent . occasionally a car pass and vivian 's hawk eye watch it for any indication of interest . she pass a vagrant huddle in a pile of rag blanket and newspaper in a doorway . she barely see he ; he be simply part of the scenery . across the street a black prostitute stroll by , rub he pst shoulder against the cold . at a all - night fast food stan several drug dealer be talk and eat . yet , except for the occasional sound of police helicopter in the distance , the street be quiet . it be not bustling with activity like a tv cop show . it be empty and lonely and cold . vivian 's ear and cheek be red from the chill , but she cigarette keep she warm inside . a couple more customer and she will earn enough for the night . she glance across the street at _a bright yellow winchell 's doughnut shop . half a dozen peop ple sit at the dirty white table gnside . she see something that annoys she . she change course . vivian hurry across the street toward the winchell 's . she push the glass door open and go inside . int . winchell be - night behind the counter we see two older vietnamese man make doughnut , try to ignore the unsavory crowd campe in the shop . as vivian enter , a gangly , ugly young drug addict move toward she . his falter voice and awkward movement indicate that he be on the last leg of excessive crack use . drug addict hi , v-vvivian . vivian do not even glance at he . vivian hi. she move past he toward the back of the shop . sitting ata table be kit , a young , dark - haire prostitute , thin a unhealthy - look . she be talk with a black Old man . kit vivian . vivian look at she , annoyed . . vivian kit , what be you do ? kit wait for you . it 's fuck cold out there . vivian it 's not go to be any warmer tomorrow night . the Old man wave at vivian . old man hi , viv. vivian ( quickly , without look at he ) hi. ( to kit ) let 's get work . we have only get a couple hour before the street clear . kit it 's too cold . no one 's out . vivian they be out . kit cough so loudly and deeply that it 's obvious she have emphysema . kit let 's get high . vivian grab kit by the shoulder and drag she toward the door . vivian we be go to work . come on . ext . hollywood blvd . - night vivian and kit come out of the shop and onto the street . as they walk kit wrap she arm tightly around she body to shield herself from the cold . she start to cough again . vivian be kit it 's too cold . I be gonna get sick . vivian we have get to work . the rent 's come up . I be not go to lose a we place . kit we will make it up tomorrow . let 's get high . vivian how much have you make tonight ? kit ( hesitantly ) twenty . angry . vivian one fuck date ? kit I have not feel good . vivian I be go to fuck kick you out if you do not start hold up you end ! kit 's eye water and she start to sniffle . kit wipe vivian do not ory on I . I be not you ) mother . uu promise to hold up you end or I would not have let you move in . she eye . kit tomorrow 's Friday . we will make it up then . do not you want to get high ? vivian I do not want to spend everything we have get . the rent 's come . from vivian 's face we see that she be start to relent . vivian give I the twenty . kit reach down and pull out a twenty dollar bill from she sock . she hand it to vivian . vivian stare at she levelly . vivian you be not hold out on I ? kit it 's all I have do . no one 's out . kit start to cough again . vivian ( soften ) maybe it be too cold . they walk down the street toward the fast food stand . kit be we go to get high ? vivian just be quiet for awhile . kit know that mean yes . she rub she shoulder and hurry to keep up with vivian 's long stride . a car approach slowly and vivian pause to watch it . it pass without stop . vivian continue on . ext . fast food stand - night vivian and kit approach a latino drug Dealer . vivian where 's carlos ? drug dealer . what you want , girl ? I can fix you up . vivian where 's carlos ? drug dealer the cop get he . what you want ? vivian I only buy from he . when 's he get out ? drug dealer how do I know ? you think I 'ma lawyer ? you want some stuff or not ? he hold up a small baggie contain three rock . vivian I do not want any of that yellow shit . do not you have any white ? drug dealer this be good stuff . he shake they from the baggie into he hand . drug dealer I will let you taste it . he offer it out . vivian glance around , unsure , look for another dealer . drug dealer taste it . kit come up to vivian 's side . 4 rit let 's just get it . the drug dealer offer it to kit . drug dealer taste it , sugar . kit take a rock and taste it with she tongue . kit ( to vivian ) let 's get it . vivian sigh and pull out a twenty . before the dealer can grab it , she pull it back . vivian not that one , the big one . she point at a different rock in the Dealer 's hand . the Dealer roll he eye {the rock all seem the same size to he ) and take the rock from kit 's hand . he hand vivian the other rock . vivian hand he the twenty . vivian when 's carlos get back ? drug dealer ; he 's across the street , girl . he point across the street at another drug dealer who have just come around a corner . vivian see he . she flip the Dealer off . vivian you fucker ! this better be good stuff . drug dealer it 's good . he walk away . vivian and kit turn and head back down the street . int . liquor store - night vivian and kit stand at the counter of a liquor store . a small vietnamese clerk be behind the counter . vivian give I a pipe kit . the clerk reach under the counter and pull out a small baggie contain a cheap glass pipe and a bit of steel wool . clerk ( in break English ) you want lighter ? vivian nod and select a red bic from the display . she hand the clerk a five - dollar bill and he hand back the change . vivian count it and then stashes it and the pipe kit away . vivian ( to kit ) come on . they exit together . ext . STREET - night vivian and kit walk down the street together , head for home . vivian we should bleach you hair . nnd ( cough ) I like my hate . vivian you will make more money if we bleach it . if you be go to stick with I you be go to have to make more money . kit ( meekly ) okay . vivian put a arm around kit 's shoulder . vivian it will be pretty . we will give it a natural curl or something . vivian tease kit 's hair with she finger . vivian you will like it . kit ( more hopefully ) okay . vivian hear a car slow behind they . she giance over she shoulder and see a sleek black mercede follow they . vivian look at that . the mercede pull up past they and stop . vivian and kit pause . ___ vivian ( grin ) there 's rent . kit be not happy about the delay , but she wait obediently as vivian walk up to the car and lean over the passenger window . the window electrically roll down and vivian look inside . in the driver 's seat be Edward Harris , a good look , well . groom man in he late forty . he be wear a expensive suit and tie . vivian you want a date ? Edward stare at vivian coolly , as if still debate . his eye jogk at she as if study a label on a bottle of wine . he make a decision . edward yes , hop in . vivian how much you want to spend ? Edward smile , amused for some reason . edward what be you rate ? vivian , influence by he car and clothes , blurt out a high figure . vivian a hundred . edward for the whole night ? vivian ( quickly ) for a hour . edward I be look for someone for the whole night . vivian for what ? edward whatever . vivian five hundred . edward that seem high . vivian Three hundred . Edward be enjoy this game . edward two fifty . vivian eye Edward . two fifty be more than enough , but she can not help think that she could get more from he . she decide not to push it . vivian where do you want to go ? edward I have get a hotel room . vivian okay . wait a second . vivian walk over to kit 's side . vivian I be go to go with he . kit how long ? vivian I do not know . he say the night . go on home . here ... vivian hand kit the baggie with the pipe and the rock . kit will you be home in the morning ? vivian I do not know . kit what if I be hungry ? vivian pull out a twenty and hand it to kit . vivian do not spend it all . kit nod . kit maybe he will give I a ride ? vivian turn back toward the mercede and bend down can see Edward through the window . vivian can my friend have a ride home ? Edward shake he head . edward I be not a taxi . vivian turn to kit . vivian go on . kit cough . she 's unhappy about go home alone . kit I will wait up for you awhile . in case you get home . we will get high together . vivian pat kit affectionately on the shoulder . vivian it 's okay , babe . you do not have to wait for I . just save some . until she vivian get inside the mercede . kit watch as it drive off . int . mercede - night vivian sit comfortably in the warm leather seat . she find the ashtray on the dash a she look at Edward curiously as he drive . vivian Nice car . your ? edward it 's rent . vivian what 's you name ? edward Edward . what 's yours ? vivian vivian . what motel be you at ? edward the beverly wilshire . light a cigarette with the car lighter . 10 . vivian that place next to augie 's ? Edward regards she for a moment , amused . edward beverly Hills . __ vivian ( oblivious ) Nice place ? Edward smile to himself . edward it 's alright . vivian you from out of town ? edward New York . vivian I have never be to New York . how be it ? edward it 's alright . how do I get back to wilshire ? vivian make a leave up there . why be you in l.a .? edward Business . vivian what kind of business ? edward uy , you esik a ise vivian , squelch , take a drag from she cigarette . vivian just be friendly . Edward do not respond . ext . beverly hill - night the mercede glide through the street of beverly Hills . 11 . int . mercede - night Edward look over at vivian , who be sit silently next to he . edward my overcoat 's in the back seat . why do not you put that on ? vivian why ? edward let 's just say you be a little over - dress for this ... motel . vivian they do not like hooker ? edward it 's not the kind of place that rent room by the hour . vivian every prace have hooker . they just don ' ike to admit it . edward perhaps so . but if this hotel have any hooker they do not look like they be ... vivian ... off the boulevard ? edward exactly . ext . beverly wilshire HOTEL parking lot - night thousands of tiny white light sparkle along the wall of the beverly wilshire Hotel . Bright flag be illuminate by carefully place spotlight . the mercede have stop in a valet parking lane . a valet open the passenger door and vivian , bundle up in Edward 's overcoat , step out . Edward hand the key to another valet . a doorman open the huge glass door for vivian and Edward . they step inside . int . lobby of the beverly wilshire HOTEL - night the lobby be bright and spacious , fill with thick carve wood panele and expensive decoration . even at this hour there be a great deal of activity ; man in business suit and woman in fur and jewel be pass by to they room . vivian 's face try to conceal the awe that she feel at the sight of all this luxury . 12 . she cover it well , lift she chin ae slightly and stiffening she back as she walk at Edward 's side . Edward be perfectly at home . he place one hand on vivian 's elbow and guide she through the lobby as gracefully as he drive he mercede . they reach the elevator and go inside . int . elevator - night the young Elevator Operator be dress in a clean red uniform that seem just a bit too tight . as the elevator door close he nod toward Edward . operator floor , sir ? edward penthouse . operator yes , sir . the tone of the Operator 's voice indicate that Edward will not have to tell he again . he will remember Edward . there be only one penthouse . int . hallway - night Edward and vivian come out of the elevator into a hallway jead | toa sanda doorway with two heavy wood door . ward pull he key and unlock the door . with a gentle push the door slide open in unison . Edward gesture to vivian to go inside . she do . Edward close the door behind she . int . penthouse - night as vivian bor into the room_she have the sensation of fall off the top of the building . in front of she be a sink live room with massive window revealing the sparkling light of the city below . she be speechless . Edward be quite at home . he close the door and walk past jh she , down the step to the live room . the live room be fill with museum- quality art deco furniture , all rise and gray and lavender . on one of the wall be a relief of stylize egyptian figure . he pick up a phone . edward room service ... I would like a bottle of the house champagne and a bowl of chill strawberry send to my room . penthouse . thank you . vivian still stand motionless by the front door . Edward look up at she , he trademark half smile drift to he face . 13 . edward Nice view ? vivian say nothing . she make she way down the step to the live room , she leg a little weak . edward I have impressed you ? vivian look at Edward , she awe give way to a cynical sneer . vivian no . I come here all the time . as a matter of fact , they do rent this room by the hour . Edward laugh . he sit down in a comfortable chair and lean ack . edward very good . vivian pace through the room , still hypnotize by the view , but recover quickly . vivian I do not get it . what 's a guy like you do cruise Hollywood boulevard ? edward why not ? vivian Hell , you should be able to pick up a phone and order a girl from room service . ( suspiciously ) unless you be into some weird stuff ... edward no , not at all . just the usual stuff . I do not have that much imagination . Edward loosen he tie . edward to be honest , I be not plan on have a girt tonight ab all . I be sightseeing the chinese theater when I get lose . vivian lose ? edward | I do not know the city very well and while I be drive dround I spot you . 14 . vivian and fall in love . edward or a close approximation . a chime go off to indicate there 's someone at the front door . edward that should be the champagne . he start to sit up . vivian motion for he to stay put . vivian eh , sit ! I will get it . Edward sit back down . vivian waltze up the step and open the front door . a waiter come into the room with a silver cart . on it be a bucket of champagne and a cover bowl . waiter where would you like it ? vivian down there , I guess . the waiter carry it down the step and set it in the middle of the live room . edward that will be fine . the waiter head back up the stair and pause near vivian . vivian stare back at he . vivian ( annoyed ) what be you look at ? the waiter glance away uncomfortably and exit . vivian close the door behind he . vivian march back down the stair . edward I think he want you to tip he . vivian for one bottle ? edward I quite agree . Edward stand up and cross to the silver stand . he lift the lid on the bowl to reveal a dozen enormous strawberry . he eat one . he twirl the champagne bottle in the ice bucket and then gracefully lift it out . vivian I still do not see why you pick I up . do not you have a girlfriend or a wife , or both ? 15 . Edward deftly pop the cork on the bottle without lose a drop of champagne . edward both . I get the house brand . I do not think you would mind . vivian it all taste the same to I . so where 's you girlfriend and wife ? sleep together ? Edward pour the champagne into a long -stemm glass and hand it to vivian . edward my wife divorced I and be in Europe I believe . my girlfriend be in New York . cheer . Edward place the champagne bottle back into the bucket . vivian hold the glass awkwardly . vivian be not you go to have any ? edward I wish I could . but my liver rotted away . I can not have any alcohol . vivian you do not have to get I drunk , honey . vivian take a sip from the glass . edward no . I just like the smell . fond memory . he eat another strawberry . he glance at vivian 's glass . edward how do you like it ? vivian not much . I do not really drink . I smoke though . I do not guess you do ? edward no . not tobacco or otherwise . vivian it be the otherwise I want . edward try a strawberry . it will bring out the sweetness of the champagne . 16 . vivian eat a strawberry and then wash it down with the champagne . edward better ? vivian it 's okay . why do not you girlfriend come with you ? Edward 's face sour . edward I do not know . just be difficult . vivian take another sip and smile wickedly . vivian she want a new mink . Edward be not sure if he find that funny . edward my but we do like to talk . vivian shrug . vivian you want I to shut up , I will shut up . it 's you two fifty . she take another sip from she glass . Edward turn from she and walk to the window . he look out into the city . vivian finish she champagne , go to he side , and start to rub he shoulder . she lean over and kiss he neck . Edward take she chin in he hand and study she face . he run a finger over she lip until he fingertip be cover in red lipstick . he then take the finger and touch she nose , leave a red dot . edward have some more champagne . he return to the tray and pour she another glass . vivian rub the lipstick from she nose . vivian I do not like it much . ; edward a bit more . here . he place the glass in she hand and tip it up toward she face . she drink it . 17 . edward nothing put a sparkle in a woman 's eye like champagne . Edward 's hand continue to lift the glass until vivian finish it . she take a breath vivian you_ should see my eye when I have smoke a piece . Edward take the glass from she hand and set it down . edward five hundred year ago a cocaine - snort nation of Indians be enslave by a few dozen drunken spaniard . vivian so ? edward I think it be mcluhan who say that alcohol be the drug of civilized man . edward you like to talk , too . Edward smile . edward yes . I guess I do . vivian glance around the room . vivian so where be we go to screw ? or do you just want to talk ? edward how about the bedroom ? you want any more champagne ? vivian no . I do not like to drink too much . I get numb . edward alright . he take she by the hand and lead she toward the bedroom . int . bedroom - night Edward turn on a light , revealing that the bedroom have be decorate in keep with the art deco theme of the penthouse . 18 . another large relief , this one of prancing unicorn , be mount over the bed . the bed itself be enormous and cover with gray satin sheet and a rise comforter . Edward walk over to the bed and pick up a mint lie on the pillow . he toss it to vivian . vivian catch it , unwrap it , and pop it into she mouth . vivian ( munch ) can I have my money now ? edward oh ... yes . he reach into he jacket and pull out a money clip . he take five fifty from it and hand they to she . it do not appear to diminish the size of the clip . vivian take the money and stuff it into she tiny purse . vivian thanks , honey . she give he a kiss . Edward return it . just as he be about to pull she into he arm she abruptly step back from he . she quickly undoe she clothes . she slip out of she shoe . vivian so what would you like ? just a screw , or you want a blowjob first ? edward we will ... play it by ear . see how it go . vivian pull off she blouse and skirt . vivian that mean you want the blowjob first . Edward smile , somewhat embarrassed by she bluntness . edward do it ? vivian yeah . you do not mind wear a rubber , do you ? edward seem like a good precaution . vivian you look clean but this day you never know . I do not do it in the ass , either ... unless you want to pay extra . 19 . she remove she panty hose . nake but for a pair of black panty , she sit down on the floor and carefully lay she clothes out on the carpet , smoothing they down so they will not get wrin . er Edward sit on the bed and watch she , fascinate . edward what be you do ? vivian I do not want my clothes to get mushed up . edward you could hang they in the closet . vivian this be fine . vivian stand and walk to Edward . she give he a quick peck on the cheek . vivian here , I will help you out of you clothes . she undoe he tie and pulis it from he shirt . Edward grab she wrist , firmly but go edward hey . slow down . I think I have you for the whole night . vivian ( evenly ) yeah , you get I . just most guy like it quick . edward well , then I be not like most guy . guide she by the wrist , Edward slowly push she back onto the bed cover . he release she and settles in beside she . he run a finger across she thigh . vivian lie back in the bed cover , bored . Edward 's finger pet she stomach . vivian wince . vivian that tickle . Edward smile and touch she stomach again . vivian sit up quickly . vivian ( firmly ) that tickle . I do not like it . 20 . edward sorry . what do you like ? vivian ( annoyed ) hot bath and white rock . okay ? if I want some gay to turn I on I will pay you_two - ty . I be here to take you feel good . so " lay down . vivian push Edward back onto the bed . she unbutton he shirt . vivian Jesus , champagne , strawberry , mint , and greplay - you act_like you be seduce a Valley girl you pick up in a dance club . Edward laugh . vivian undoe he pants . edward I be a incurable romantic . vivian yeah . well , you be cruise the wrong boulevard for romance . ( beat ) but if you want a good fuck , you find the best . just lay down and let I drive . vivian lip off the bed and walk to the light switch . she turn it off . in the faint light that leak through the crack in the door , we see she return to Edward . she lie on top of he and kiss he full on the lip . Edward wrap he arm around she . they make love . dissolve to : int . bathroom - night vivian turn on a light . the bathroom be large , decorate in gray tile and gold trim . there be a huge sink bathtub in the corner of the room . vivian look at herself in the mirror . he hair be tangle and loose , and she body damp with sweat . with she finger she comb out she hair to untangle it . she unroll a handful of toilet paper and wipe the sweat from she forehead and neck . she use she finger to adjust the smear line of she lipstick she turn off the light . int . bedroom - night 21 . vivian be sit on the floor pick up she clothes . Edward e slide over on t bed to see she . edward what be you do ? . vivian get my clothes . edward I think we have all night . vivian what ? you want to do it again ? I think I finish you of edward you do . but stay the night . I would like to sleep with you , I will get you a taxi in the morning . vivian sigh . vivian . why do you want to sleep with I ? edward I do not like to sleep alone . vivian you girlfriend fuck spoil you . edward she do . vivian stand up and walk over to the bed . vivian alright . move over , Romeo . int . hallway - morning the elevator door open and a waiter roll a cart out into the hallway . he take it to the door of the penthouse . he ring the bell . int . penthouse live room - morning Edward , dress in silk pajamas and a black velvet robe , stand in the live room talk into a cordless phone . edward if you really miss I then take a plane and get out here . the chime ring . Edward cover the receiver with he hand . 22 . edward come in ! it 's open . the door open and the waiter carry in a cover tray of food , a bottle of champagne , and a pitcher of orange juice . edward just set it down over there . Edward point to a dining table in a corner of the room . the waiter do as request . Edward speak back into the phone . edward Cindy ? yes . I do not care what you agent say . a one - week vacation be not go to ruin you career . the waiter set down the tray and return through the live room . Edward pick up he wallet from a end table and hand the waiter a five - dollar '' bill . the waiter nod and exit . edward I want you here . you know how I get when I be do business . do you know how much this deal be worth ? Edward walk over to the dining table and lift one of the tray cover . Inside be a gourmet breakfast . edward ( become angry ) you promise I when you start this whole modeling thing that I would still come first . now I be tell you to get out here . today . ( beat ) Cindy ! she 's hang up on he . Edward slam the phone down on the table . edward spoil bitch . Edward take a deep breath to calm himself . he pour a glass of orange juice and take a sip . still agitate , he cross through the live room to the bedroom door . int . bedroom - morning vivian be asleep in the bed . she be not a light sleeper . he body be in a awkward position and she mouth be freeze half open on she tranquil face . she look young and childlike . Edward stare down at she for a moment . he sip he orange juice . he be think again . make a decision . 23 . edward ( loudly ) you be quite a sleeper . vivian stir roughly . edward good. morning . would you like some breakfast ? vivian 's eye open painfully and she squint at Edward . she shake she head , try to wake up . vivian I forget where I be . edward that must be a occupational hazard . edward this be a nice bed . it 's so soft . I sleep like a stiff . edward would you like some breakfast ? it 's still hot . vivian I do not eat in the morning . edward you should . come on . Edward pick up he shirt from the night before and toss it to er . int . dine table in the live room - morning vivian wear Edward 's shirt as they sit at the dining to table . Edward dish out some food and set it in front of she vivian my head hurt . it 's that champagne you make I choke down . Edward pull the champagne bottle from its bucket . edward some hair of the dog . he deftly pop the cork . vivian no . I will get sick . Edward fill a third of the glass and top it off with orange juice . 24 . edward just a bit . with orange juice . I guarantee it will make you feel better . vivian reluctantly take the glass . _ vivian . ; I do not like orange juice either . edward do not you like anything ? vivian swallow some orange juice . vivian White rock . hot bath . edward well , you be welcome to take a nice long bath . the one in the bathroom be practically a pool . vivian I see it , but I have to go . she pick up a fork and start examine the food on she plate . Edward begin to eat . edward I want to talk to you about that . vivian what be this stuff ? she eat a forkful . edward Crepes . vivian ; it 's good . the orange juice be not that bad neither . she take another sip . edward I be go to be in town until next Friday . I be involved in a important business deal and I be not go to have the energy to try to chase down girl when I need to relax ... vivian be wolfing down the food hungrily . vivian ( she mouth full ) you want my number ? but I charge more on Saturday . ( more ) 25 . vivian ( cont 'd ) especially if you want to do the sleep thing . I would lose a lot of business . edward heyy slow down . I be not go to e you plate away from you . vivian sorry . I guess I be hungry after all . so you want my number ? she finish off she glass and refill it , this time favor the champagne . edward actually , I be wonderin would like to stay here git t . week . vivian try to conceal she surprise at he offer . not many people be interested in she during the day . it take she a moment to respond . vivian ( try to act cool ) it would cost ya . edward how much ? let 's see if I can afford it . vivian well , seven full night and day , too ? edward yes . you can do what you want during the day , but I would like to have you on call , so to speak . vivian two thousand . Edward sport the same faint smile that he always get when he 's negotiate money . edward hmmm . two fifty a night for seven ights be only seventeen hundred and fifty dollar . vivian but you want I during the day , too . and last night you do not get I ' till after twelve . I do some good money before you pick I up . edward I be sure you do ' but seven night of steady work . ( more ) 26 . edward ( cont 'd ) should not I get a discount or something ? how about fifteen hundred ? vivian do not be a asshole . you know you , have get two thousand . this uck room must cost you a couple hundred a night . Edward smile broadly at that . vivian notice . vivian or more ! edward I like to know I be get my money 's worth . I strike a good deal on this room , too . vivian ( firmly two thousand . Edward pour himself some more orange juice . edward alright . I like you . two thousand it be . but let I tell you , I have very tough business to do . there be a lot of pressure involved . when I get tense , I need someone to help I relax . that mean no problem . no hassle . understand ? the think of all that money be start to warm vivian 's voice . vivian sure , honey . I will treat you like a prince for a week . anything , any way you want . edward I be not just talk about sex . I need some nice pleasant company . vivian I will treat you so nice you will never want to let I go . edward Fine . but I will go . this be only for a week . I want you to be clear on that , too . vivian hey , I will be look forward to spend my money when you be go . Edward smile . 27 . edward I wish my jawyer be that honest . so it 's a vivian I need to go back to Hollywood and get some thing . edward no , I want you to stay here while you be with I . I do not want any trouble . we will buy anything you need . what do you want ? vivian smile awkwardly . vivian well , a little bit of rock . just to get I through the week . I will pay or it mysel edward no. no drug . not while you be with I . vivian I just need a little buzz . it 's no different than champagne . E dward ghampagne be legal . drug be illega that 's enough of a difference to I . vivian I can not go a whole week without get high . edward ( shrug ) then I will have to call room service and get another girl . vivian sit in silence for a moment . Edward watch she for the corner of he eye . he enjoy negotiate . vivian 's face toughen . she look at Edward levelly . vivian alright . a week . but I want three thousand . Edward study she for a moment . he know when to close a deal . edward that 's fair . hardship pay . Three thousand dollar for one week , no drug , no string attach . vivian it 's a deal . 28 . int . bathroom - morning vivian be stretch out in a hot bubble bath . her face show almost orgasmic pleasure . she start to laugh . vivian Three thousand ! Three thousand fuck dollar ! laugh , she lay back and sink down into the warm bubbly water and disappear . she pop back up , shake out she hair and laugh again . vivian Three thousand ! Edward come into the bathroom and stand by the door , watch she laugh . he have just finish dress and be try to get be tie tie . edward happy , huh ? vivian listen , lover . when I be not give you the best fuck of you life , I be gonna be right here , in this tub . have room service bring the cart in . she laugh . vivian Three thousand . to sit in a bathtub for seven day . edward I be overpay you , be not I ? vivian hey , I would have take a thousand , but we both know you can put up three , can not you ? edward ( smoothly ) I do not think it will break I . vivian then it 's a good deal for we both . I will keep you happy , lover . edward good . I have get to meet with some people . I will probably be go most of the day . vivian I will be right here . 29 . Edward be still struggle with he tie . edward I can never get this thing right . Cindy always do they for I . do you know how to do this ? vivian_slide over to the edge of the tub and wipe she hand on a towel . vivian let I see . Edward walk over to the tub and lean over . vivian reach up and try to tie he tie . vivian how do this go ? she make a mess of it . she undoe it and try again . edward forget it . you be kill my back . vivian no , let I try again . i_ get to learn how to spoil you like you girlfriend do . Edward continue to hunch over . vivian finally get something that be almost close . vivian there . Edward straighten up and glance in a mirror . edward Close enough . you have the rest of the week to practice . Edward reach into he wallet and pull out he american Express gold Card . he set it down on the sink . edward here . buy some nice clothes on rodeo drive . a few dress , but not too fancy , or too sexy . Soft pink and pastel be nice . I just want you to look presentable in the otel , understand ? vivian yeah . you want I to dress like you high - class girlfriend . edward well , let 's hope you do not spend that much . 30 . vivian how much can I spend ? edward be reasonable . you seem like a smart girl . I will make you a deal . if you spend too much I will send it all back at the end of the week . if you be sensible , I will let you keep it . Fair ? vivian Fair . Edward walk over and kiss she on the cheek . edward bye . vivian bye , lover . it 's gonna be a fun week . Edward smile and exit . vivian relax back in she tub . vivian Three ... thousand ... dollar . int . live room - day vivian be back in she street clothes , loung about on a art deco couch , talk on the cordless phone . vivian you would not believe it , babe . it 's like out of dynasty or something . it 's a gas . he 's leave next Friday . I will be back then . we hear kit 's voice on the other end of the phone . kit ( 0.s. ) but viv , I do not have any money . what will I do ' till you get back ? vivian work , baby . you be suppose to be work . I be not you mother . I will handle the rent , you just keep yourself go for a week . pick up some blowjob . you can do that . kit ( 0.s. ) ( softly ) okay . vivian listen , baby . I be make good money . good money . ( more ) 31 . vivian ( cont 'd ) when I get back we be gonna move to the Strip and work the good part of town . just like I promise . we will get a nice place , not like that shithole we be in now . I always tell you I could get the class trick . kit ( 0.8 . that 's cause you , be pretty , viv . but I do not think I could work the Strip . I be not pretty like you . vivian Babe , I be tell you we will get we hair do up right and you will e a knockout . okay ? kit ( 0.s. ) okay . vivian you take care of yourself . I will be back in a week . it 's not that long . kit ( 0.s. ) okay . vivian bye , baby . kit ( 0.s. ) bye . vivian press a button to hang up the phone and set it down on the table . she lean back in the couch , happy and comfortable . she pull the american Express card from she pocket and admire it . vivian time to shop . int . hallway - day vivian be dress in she street clothes , without the black stocking , white coat , or heavy makeup . she do not look quite so much like a hooker , but she 's not altogether respectable , either she be wait for the elevator . when the door open she saunter inside int . elevator - day the Elevator Operator be stand by the control as vivian come in . he notice , but try not to stare at she out - of- place attire . vivian ( cheerfully ) hi. 32 . operator hello . lobby ? vivian yeah . the elevator start down . _ vivian . I be go to be stay here for awhile . the Operator nod . operator excellent . vivian smile at he . he reluctantly return it . the elevator reach the bottom floor and the door open . vivian I will be back . the Operator nod as she step into the lobby . int . lobby - day vivian get strange look from the hotel employee and customer as she stroll through the lobby . at first she shrug off the obvious rejection she see in they eye , but after get the same reaction from each person she see in the lobby , she savior faire begin to erode . when she reach the front door she hurry through it , eager to be away from they . ext . HOTEL - day vivian come out onto wilshire Blvd . and look around . she be less confident and excited than she be before . she 's feel a little lose in this strange place . she cross the street and head up rodeo drive . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian pass store window , look at the expensive thing inside . something about it all make she jittery . she come to a posh woman 's boutique . she hesitates for a moment and then enter . int . boutique - day vivian be no sooner in the door than she be subject to the disapprove stare of a saleswoman , stand behind the counter . 33 . saleswoman ( with a beverly Hills sneer ) can I help you ? vivian I be just look . vivian tiptoe through the shop as if it be fill with delicate glass object . she cautiously examine a dress . the saleswoman , unhappy with vivian 's clothes , appearance , and voice , quickly come around the counter and approach she . saleswoman be you look for something in particular ? vivian I need some new clothes . saleswoman ( sarcastically ) yes . vivian eye the saleswoman suspiciously . she 's beginning to get the drift . she point to a dress . vivian how much be that ? saleswoman I do not think it would fit you . vivian gotav come out ) I do not ask if it would fit . I ask how much . saleswoman it 's very expensive . vivian 's body tense as she stare at the saleswoman , violence in she eye . vivian what 's with you ? saleswoman ( unblink ) pardon ? vivian what 's with this fuck look on you face ? saleswoman I think you should leave . you be obviously in the wrong place . 34 . vivian be so angry and frustrated she be speechless . saleswoman please leave . vivian turn and stomp toward the door . she stop and spin around stare at the saleswoman incredulously . I be here ! __ vivian ; go to spend fuck money what 's with you ? the saleswoman say nothing . vivian flip she off . she throw the door open and storm outside . the saleswoman calmly walk back to she counter and return to she place . ext . rodeo drive vivian come out eyeing vivian as eye water up to herself . she look up and elegant designer — day onto the street and stand , lose . a man pass , if she be a freak . vivian 's face be red . he cry . she take a deep breath , try to control down for another shop . on the street , woman in outfit stroll by . vivian suddenly feel naked . she head back to the hotel . int . HOTEL - day vivian enter the tobby , nervous and paranoid . she head toward 's the elevator . she fee sight of all the a emptiness in she stomach at the luxury around she . only this time she do not have Edward to guide she . she be surround by it but not a part of it . Mr. Thomas , the cross the room May I prim , middle - age hotel manager , spot she . he and deftly cut she off from the elevator . mr . thomas help you , miss ? vivian stop , practically shaking with terror . vivian I be just go up to my room . mr . thomas you be a guest here ? I be ... vivian I be with a friend . mr . thomas and who be that ? 35 . vivian Edward ... vivian 's face fill with terror . she do not know he last name . he hand be tremble . mr . thomas what 's the matter ? vivian I be ... the elevator door open behind they . she spot the Operator . vivian ( blurt it out ) he know I ! Mr. Thomas turn and eye the Operator curiously . the Operator look back at they innocently . with a smooth gesture Mr. Thomas wave the Operator over . mr . thomas do you know this young lady ? the Operator nod . operator she 's with Mr. Harris . mr. thomas ( surprise ) Mr. Harris ? _. , .. operator she join he last night , apparently . vivian ( voice quaking ) I just want to go back to my room . Mr. Thomas ' tone toward vivian change dramatically . he wave the Operator away . mr . thomas be you alright ? vivian I just want to go back to my room . mr . thomas . why do not you come with I ? we will chat for a moment . he take she by the arm and lead she off . 36 . int . HOTEL office - day in a richly furnish office , Mr. Thomas place vivian in a comfortable chair and then lean against the edge of he desk . as he address she , he voice be firm , but warm . fatherly . mr . thomas wy dear , I want you to understand that there be certain thing that do not happen in the beverly wilshire . thing that go on in other hotel . you understand ? vivian say nothing . mr . thomas but Mr. Harris be a very special customer of this hotel . and we like to think of we special customer as friend . as a customer , I would expect Mr. Harris to sign in any additional guest that he want to spend the night . but as a friend , we be willing to overlook it . I be assume you be a relative . you must be he niece . vivian find herself nodd . mr . thomas of course . naturally when Mr. Harris leave , I will not see you in this hotel again . correct ? vivian nod . mr. thomas I would also encourage you to dress in a more appropriate manner . vivian quickly pull out she american Express card and hand it to he as if it somehow validate she action . vivian i_was try to get some other clothes ... but ... they would not ... she can not go on . Mr. Thomas politely glance at the american Express card and hand it back to she . he sigh wearily . the thing he must do to keep he " friend " happy . he walk around he desk and pick up the phone . he dial a number . mr . thomas ( into the phone ) woman 's clothing . beat ) could I speak to Bridget . ause ) Bridget , hello . ( more ) 37 . mr . thomas ( cont 'd ) this be Mr. Thomas at the beverly wilshire . well , that 's flatter . listen , I be go to send someone to you . she 's the distant niece of a special customer of ours . a very special customer : Mr , Harris . yes , the Long Island harrise . his niece be ... from out of town . you know . and she need a little help dress . maybe you could help he pick something . thank you very much . she will be right over . Mr Thomas set the phone down and smile patronizingly at vivian . mr . thomas there you be . go to sak down the street . it 's a tall black building not far from here , thankfully . go straight to the second floor and ask for Bridget . she will take care of you . vivian stand up . she 's calmer now . vivian thanks . mr . thomas if you have any other problem come ask for I personally . I be Mr. Thomas . vivian nod . he show she to the door . she exit . he watch she go , unhappy about the whole matter . int . sak - second floor - day the elevator open and vivian walk out and survey the room nervously . she wander toward the woman 's clothing section . Bridget , a large friendly woman , spot she . BRIDGET you must be Mr. Harris ' niece . vivian nod . BRIDGET what 's you name , dear ? vivian vivian . vivian well , the mini-skirt be dead , vivian . I do not care how many designer try to bring it back , it 's dead . goodness , you_look like a streetwalker in that . let 's find you something else . come on . 38 . Bridget lead vivian into the rack of clothes . BRIDGET where be you from dear ? vivian be silent for awhile . vivian Ohio . BRIDGET no wonder . how about this ? Bridget hold up a brown designer dress . vivian ( timidly ) do you have anything in soft pink ? Bridget study vivian for a moment . BRIDGET like a pastel ? int . sak - day vivian be dress in a pink pastel dress with fine white bead around the neck and shoulder and a tiny lace collar . BRIDGET you look lovely . vivian nod . she seem daze and weary . she hand Bridget the american Express card . Bridget take it . BRIDGET do you have any shoe for it ? vivian shake she head . Bridget lead she off . BRIDGET come , come . int . sak - day Bridget be ringing up vivian 's new dress and match hat , purse , and shoe . she pack vivian 's old clothes in a paper bag . he hand vivian the small credit card form . BRIDGET just sign here . vivian sign . BRIDGET we have a salon on the third floor . maybe you would like to get you hair and nail do ? 39 . vivian glance at she nail . they be a hideous shade of bright red . BRIDGET go on . it 's a treat . by the time you get back to Ohio they will think you be bear in beverly Hills . ext . wilshire blvd . - day vivian 's nail be pink . her hair be cut and style more conservatively and do up in a bun . she wear a soft white hat and pink shoe and a pink dress . in she hand be a pink and white purse . he makeup have be redone . she walk down wilshire , still quiet and daze . but lovely . she carry a bag with she work clothes . she stop at a trashcan and throw the offend item away . hope no one notice . she approach the hotel and pause . he eye be draw to the other side of the street : rodeo drive . it seem ominous to she . she take a breath and cross the street . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian walk up rodeo drive again . her manner be uneasy , but determine , as if force to stroll down a dangerous street on a dare . she be better armed this time , in a suit of impenetrable pink armor . she dart by the boutique that kick she out , try not to be see by the saleswoman on the other side of the window . she continue on to another shop . she take a breath and enter . int . another boutique - day vivian stroll through the store , poker - face but weak at the knee . she stop at a dress and finger it . another saleswoman come up alongside she . another saleswoman it 's very pretty . would you like to try it on ? vivian turn and look at the saleswoman for a moment . blood flow back to she skin . vivian flash a trademark beverly Hills bitch sneer . vivian why not ? ext . rodeo drive - day vivian stroll up the street , carry a clothing box . her step be lively , and she face have a trace of a snotty smile . 40 . a well - dress man pass by , smile politely . vivian 's nose lift as she happily ignore he . she head for another shop int . boutique # 3 - day vivian be in a dress stall , toss a dress outside to a nervous saleswoman . vivian nope . another nervous saleswoman come up , hold a long purple evening gown . a.n.s . how about this one ? vivian ick ! I want something in a pastel . that 's horrid . the nervous saleswoman be frantically hang up some of the other clothes vivian try on . nervous saleswoman there 's a _mint green dress in the window ...? vivian yes ! let I try that on . ext . rodeo drive - day vivian 's arm be fill with clothing box and bag . she have perfect she beverly Hills sneer . she own this block . on she way back to the hotel she return to the first boutique . without a beat of hesitation she march in . int . boutique - day vivian , she hat partially obscure she face from the saleswoman , sail into the store carry all she box and , bag . the saleswoman smile to hersel 's viously a professional shopper . vivian stride over to the dress she originally look at . she finger it roughly . saleswoman ( eagerly ) be not it pretty ? it 's on sale . vivian abruptly face the saleswoman and stare at she coldly . vivian it would not fit I . 41 . vivian march toward the front door . she turn back to the saleswoman , who be try to remember who vivian be . vivian flip she off again , just to remind she . vivian ( coolly ) bye. vivian exit . the saleswoman stare after she . int . beverly wilshire HOTEL - day vivian walk confidently through the hotel lobby , past the admire gaze of several businessman . she enter the elevator . int . elevator - day in the elevator , vivian grip she package like loot from a conquer city . the Operator do not recognize she . he start the elevator up . operator floor , mar 'am ? vivian ( smoothly ) penthouse . the Operator do a double take . vivian smile at he . vivian hi again . like my new dress ? operator it 's ... lovely . vivian Mr. Thomas pick it out for I . operator oh ...? they reach the top floor . the door open . vivian step out . vivian bye . the Operator watch she go . int . penthouse live room - sunset vivian , still in she pink dress but without the hat , stand in front of the glass window , stare out into the city reflectively . 42 . int . HOTEL lobby - evening Edward step to the front desk and catch the eye of a desk clerk . edward any message ? desk clerk yes , Mr. Harris . he hand Edward a few message slip and a telegram . Edward sort through they . he be tired and on edge . Mr. Thomas , stand at the other end of the front desk , see Edward . he deftly approach he and speak in a low intimate voice . mr . thomas good evening , Mr. Harris . Edward continue look through he message . edward ( absently ) hello . mr . thomas I meet you ... " niece " in the lobby today . edward ( look up ) my niece ? mr . thomas that pretty young girl stay in you room . I just assume ... Edward 's and Mr. Thomas ' eye meet . they be engage in some sort of subtle power struggle , a struggle that Edward intend to win . edward I do not have a niece . mr . thomas ah , my mistake . edward that pretty young girl in my room be a prostitute . Mr. Thomas can not think how to respond . edward do you have a problem with that ? 43 . mr . thomas ( softly ) no , sir . have a good evening . Mr. Thomas bow slightly and walk away . Edward watch he go and turn back to the desk clerk , suddenly in a good mood . edward have some champagne send up . and a cheese tray or something . maybe a paté and some bread . a large yottle of mineral water . and strawberry . desk clerk yes , sir . int . penthouse live room - night vivian be sit demurely on the couch when Edward come in from the hall e stand up and look at he . she smoothes she dress anxiously . vivian do you like it ? Edward stroll down the step to the live room , study she . he smile . edward it 's lovely . vivian sigh with relief . vivian I have my hair do . I hope that be okay . edward yes . I like it . Edward give she a quick kiss and sit down in a chair , exhaust . he loosen he tie and use one foot to try to slide the shoe off the other . it 's stick . he reach down to untie the shoe , but before he can vivian practically throw herself at he eet . vivian here , let I help you . vivian kneel at he foot and unty he shoe . she pull they off and set they down next to the chair . vivian sock too ? edward that 's alright . my foot be just swell with ( pause ( more ) 44 , edward ( cont 'd ) I have a interesting talk with the hotel manager downstairs . vivian ( look down ) Edward take vivian 's chin in one hand and raise she head . he look into she eye . edward listen to I . I do not know what happen with you two , but I do not care . I be pay a bundle for this room and I expect to be treat with respect . that include you . if anyone hassle you , or make you feel uncomfortable , you tell I . I will see that they be fire promptly . that include Mr. Thomas . understand ? vivian ( happily ) yeah . edward I do not care whether you be a prostitute , my wife , my niece , or he first Lady . as long as you be my guest , the people in this hotel will treat you like a queen . alright ? if I have to , I will buy the hotel and burn it down to prove my point . vivian smile brightly . he let go of she chin and relax in he chair . edward now , it look as if you do some shopping ... vivian reach over to the end table and pick up a pile of credit card receipt . vivian I save all the receipt . I buy three dress and some other stuff . ghat hat over there go with this ress . edward only three dress ? vivian well , I do not figure I would be go out a lot . and clothes be so expensive around here . ( more ) 45 . vivian ( cont 'd ) I get two of they on sale , but even then it all come to eight hundred and fifty - seven dollar . I could have do better at sear or something but ... __ edward / that 's fine . you could teach Cindy a lesson in save money . vivian ( eagerly ) you want to see what I buy ? Edward could not care less , but he decide to indulge she . edward yes , I would love to . vivian jump up , run to the couch , and pick one of the box she bring home . she open it to reveal a long mint green dress . she unzip she dress and pull it off . underneath she be wear a soft pink teddy . she pick up the green dress and start to put it on . edward ( smile ) New underwear too ? vivian stop pull up she green dress . she let it drop to the floor and model the teddy . vivian yeah , like it ? edward very much . vivian good , I get another one that match this dress . she step out of the green dress and run over to a bag contain some underwear . she throw off the pink teddy and put on the green one . vivian how 's that ? edward Nice . vivian and I get a white one too , for my yellow dress . I could not find a yellow one . she hold up the white teddy . 46 . vivian i_kinda think they be sexy . but classy too ... edward yes . the front door chime . edward that 's room service . vivian joke ) maybe I should answer it in my teddy . give he a thrill ? edward let 's not . vivian ( embarrassed ) no . I be not go to . I be just kid . vivian pull on the mint green dress . she zip up and dart up the step to the door . she pull the door open to reveal a bellboy with a tray of food . bellboy room service . vivian come on in . put it down there . the bellboy carry the tray down the stair . he set it down and return to the door . without get up from the chair , Edward hand he a five - dollar bill as he pass . after he have exite , vivian shut the door . Edward wearily get up and walk over to the tray of food . he pull the champagne from the bucket and pop the cork . he pour a glass for vivian . he open the mineral water and pour some into a champagne glass . as vivian come down the step Edward hand she the champagne . vivian take it . Edward hold up he glass of water . edward cheer . they clink they glass together . vivian quickly sip the champagne . vivian I be start to like this stuff . she return to she clothes and take off she green dress . 47 . vivian let I show you the yellow one . she pull it from the box and put it on . it have a conservative , almost businesslike look to it . vivian like it ? Edward carry the bottle of champagne over to she and refill she glass . he kiss she . edward I like it . I be pleased . vivian take another long swallow of champagne . vivian great . now I will show you the good stuff . edward the good stuff ? vivian ( between champagne sip ) well , I figure you be not go to be take I out _a lot , so I figure what I really need be some sexy lingerie for when I be in . vivian move over_to another set of box . she pause and eye Edward suggestively . vivian why do not you relax while I show you ? Edward sit down . montage of vivian 's outpit as Edward sit in the chair vivian change from outfit to outfit . she slide up to he in a sexy long white lace and silk nightgown . she do a turn so he can see it . he smile . vivian toss the nightgown into he lap as she try on something else . she take a long sip from she champagne glass as she show he a sexy pair of red tap pants and match camisole . Edward refill she glass as she show he a black corset and long stocking . vivian toss the stocking onto Edward . he be accumulate a pile of lingerie on he lap . 48 . vivian come up to he in a short bright pink nightie . very drunk , she sit on he lap and finish off the last of she champagne . she let the glass drop to the carpet and kiss he . int . bedroom - night Edward carry a drunk vivian into the bedroom and gently lay she out on the bed . vivian do I do good ? Edward roll she into the cover . edward yes . he take off he coat and shirt . vivian I get most of it at this great sale . a lot of it be olyester , but that white one be real silk Edward pull off he pants and climb into bed with she . she pull he into she arm and snuggle up to he drunkenly . vivian it only cost around two thirty - five . edward you do very well . vivian ( a little worried ) be , you go to let I keep it a . ? edward yes . it 's yours . vivian 's eye light up . she kiss Edward passionately . dissolve to : int . live room - day vivian and Edward eat breakfast at the live room dining table . vivian be dress in one of she sexy nightgown . vivian what do you do all day while you be go ? 49 , edward meet with lawyer and stockbroker . read financial report . it 's pretty boring . vivian what 's it for ? edward I be acquire a company . vivian what kind of company ? edward it 's call kross enterprise . it use to build ship . nowadays it do not do much of anything . vivian why would you want it ? Edward take a sip of he orange juice and look at vivian sideways . edward be you really curious ? vivian yeah . edward alright . warn I if I bore you . twenty year ago kross be a huge corporation , and even though they be on the verge of bankruptcy today they | still have million in asset ing like real estate , equipment , pension fund . thing that can be liquidate to generate cash . you understand ? vivian what be pension fund ? edward that 's cash invest in various account - it 's suppose to be use pa y worker 's retirement and hea th benefit . sometimes it 's hard to get_at because of various government law , but with good awyer you can usually strip they down since only part of they have be contractually promise to the employee . anyhow , we figure kross be worth about 400 million . we hope we can acquire it for between two and three hundred million . no matter what , I be go to make a profit . the question be how large . 50 . vivian ( think hard ) if it 's worth that much money , why do not somebody else try to buy it ? edward try be the key word there . other people have try . but not that many | people have a few hundred million to toy around with like this . and I know about asset the corporation own that other people be not aware of . Financial statement say the corporation be only worth around 300 million . I know it 's worth more than that . in fact , it may be worth even more than 's 400 ttitlion , if I be right about certain thing . we will 's see . the other problem be that the management of the company be not particularly happy about the idea of be sell ecause they will lose they job . vivian oh . edward I would not lose any sleep over they . they get the corporation into mess it 's in now . vivian bo bey can make all that money just uy it and then sell oy rte edward it 's not quite that simple , but yes . vivian ( admiringly ) what a racket ! edward ( smile ) yes . vivian be that how you get so rich ? buying company ? edward no . it 's be pass down through the family . but I have more than triple it in the last seven year . this be good day for make money . 51 . vivian that 's great . Edward shrug . edward I be go to have to get dress , I have a meeting at ten . tomorrow I will give you 'a lesson in short sell . _vivian ( happily ) okay . edward you be a good listener . I like that . he stand up and give she a kiss on the cheek . int . live room - day Edward , fully dress , be stand at the front door as vivian tie he tie . she finish . vivian there you go . edward how do it look ? do I need to check it ? vivian no . I have get it down . it look great . they kiss . edward I will see you this evening . he exit . vivian stand by the door for a moment and then walk down the live room step . she open a large cabinet in the wall that conceal a television . she switch it on and sit on the couch . dissolve to : int . live room - day vivian be stretch out on the couch . she have be watch television for hour . she flip through the channel use a remote control . there 's nothing on . she turn the television off . she lay she head down on the couch and stare off , bored . 52 . int . brokerage house - day Edward be be lead through the hallway of a brokerage house by vance , a well - dress young stockbroker . vance we can not buy any more stock without filing . I just can not conceal it any longer . we might hide it under another name for a week or two , but we could get into trouble later . edward no , no . let 's play by the rule . we will just have to move quickly . int . live room - day vivian be on the phone . vivian how about hamburger ? do you have any hamburger ? great . and fries . and ketchup . yeah . I be in the enthouse . the penthouse on the top loor . right . ext . heliport on top of skyscraper - day Edward and vance come out of a doorway onto the rooftop of a large skyscraper . there be a sleek corporate helicopter wait on a landing pad . Edward and vance lower they head as they fight through the wind generate by the rotor blade . as they near the helicopter , a young man in a business suit , Jake , come out to greet they . they all have to shout over the sound of the engine . vance Mr , Harris , this be Jake conway . he 's we top researcher . he will be give we the tour . jake it 's a pleasure , Mr. Harris . edward good to meet you . they all climb into the helicopter . it take off . int . live room - day a empty plate that once hold a hamburger sit on the dining room table . vivian stand in front of the plate glass window , stare out onto the city . 53 . int . lobby - day vivian come out of the elevator wear she mint green dress . she stroll through the lobby on she way to the hotel dry goods store . she spot Mr. Thomas . with a wick look on she face she walk up behind he and put a arm on he shoulder . vivian hi . how be you ? Mr. Thomas look at she uncomfortably . mr . thomas fine. hello . vivian how do you like my dress ? better , hey ? mr . thomas it 's very pretty . the color be very good on you . vivian thanks . see ya . she smile brightly and saunter off . Mr. Thomas watch she go , more amused than annoyed at she . int . dry good store - day vivian busy a pack of cigarettes . int . bath room - day vivian sit in the bathtub smoking a cigarette . it be not satisfy . she tear off the filter and take a few drag . she give up and toss it into the toilet . she sink into the tub . vivian how the fuck be I go to last a week ? ext . port of los angele - day a helicopter fly over the port . int . helicopter - day they look over a huge shipyard as Jake describe it for Edward . 54 . jake this be the jewel in kross ' crown . Prime industrial property straddle the Port of Long Beach and Los Angeles . we can strip out all the heavy equipment . some of the crane be very valuable overseas . World War ii stuff that nobody build anymore because it cost too much . the japanese be salivate for they . Edward point toward one of the edge of the shipyard . edward what 's that long building over there ? jake waste processing plant . they do not use it anymore . most of the yard we will just level . the real estate possibility be endless . in fact , I talk to a couple developer -- under the table , of course -- and they say we could _ edward ( cut he off ) you what ? jake ( tentatively ) I talk to some developer about the land . edward what kind of idiot be you ? you do not talk to anyone about this but I ! jake I be sorry , sir . they be close friend ; they would never breath a word . Edward glare at vance . edward where do you dig this moron up ? vance turn to Jake , angrily . vance he 's absolutely right , Jake . that be a incredibly stupid thing to oo . edward you people be suppose to be professional . 55 . vance it will not happen again . I will pull Jake off the project . edward no . do not bother . he 's probably already tell everyone he know . jake I be very sorry , Mr. Harris . edward forget it . let 's go up the coast . I want to look around . int . brokerage house meeting room - day Edward , vance , and Jake enter a large meeting room . sitting at one end of a long conference table , Ring '' of papers spread out before he , be William , a crafty - loo ' lawyer with wire - rimmed glass . Edward smile broadly upon see he . edward Bill ! where the hell have you be ? william work on you damned pension fund . I have find the angle . we can bleed they dry . edward yeah , if you boy at the brokerage have not already leak the whole eal . william leaked ! what ? edward skip it . Jake 's go to be good from now on ... ( to Jake ) ... be not you ? Edward give Jake a friendly pat on the shoulder . jake ( quietly ) yes , sir . edward listen , there 's something you need to look into right away . there 's a chemical treatment plant at that shipyard . I want you to see if the ermit be still valid . and what ind of limit be on they . 56 . william treatment plant ? what ... oh ! you son of a bitch ! what a brain ! edward do not get too excited yet . check the permit first . Edward sit down next to William . he glance back at the other two man . edward thanks for the tour . keep you mouth shut . I will see you tomorrow . _ both yes , sir . they exit . William glance at Edward quizzically . william what be you rag they about ? edward ask they . where be we at ? william the board know . edward do they know it 's I ? william yes . a call come down from kross . he want to talk to you alone . 1 pdn ARD ( laugh ) about what ? william you intention . edward alright . william I do not think you should . edward I would not miss it for the world . william I will have to be present when you talk . edward no. everyone know you be my muscle . ( more ) 57 . edward ( cont 'd ) if the three of we sit down together then we might as well announce it in the Wall Street Journal . I will meet he in public for dinner . less suspicious . tonight , if you can arrange it . william I can . but_you should not go alone . he might claim that you try to blackmail he or something . edward I will bring a girl . that will keep it all on a friendly level . william that might do . you bring Cindy along ? edward no , the little cunt 's in New York , pretend she 's a model . World 's only five - foot two -inch model . but I have gota little irl to keep I company while I be here . she will do for the evening . william alright . I will set it up . int . live room - day vivian , dress in a teddy , be doze on the couch with the tv on . the phone ring . vivian wake up with a start . she look at_it , unsure . it ring again . she debate whether to pick up up . it ring again . finally she pick it up . vivian hello ? edward ( 0.s. ) ( firmly ) do not ever pick up the phone . ever . vivian I be sorry . I do not know . you do not tell I ... edward it 's alright this time . I need to talk to you . but from now on , you do not ever answer it . understand ? vivian yes. 58 . edward we be go out to dinner tonight . I want you to look you best . I do not think you have any clothes that will do . go buy something a little more formal . something dark and low cut , but tasteful . spend whatever you have to . if you do not know what to get tell the salesgirl you be dining at the rex . and have you hair do . we be a little push for time so I will meet you in he lobby at seven forty - five . bye . vivian bye . vivian slowly set the phone down . int . dressing room at sak - day vivian be ina rivate dress room as Bridget help she squeeze into a tight - fitting black evening dress . Bridget tug upward on the side of the strapless dress and shake it a bit to get vivian 's breast in place . BRIDGET there we go . take a breath . vivian suck in and Bridget zip up the back . vivian step over and look at herself in a mirror . BRIDGET you uncle will like this . a sheepish look spread across vivian 's face . vivian he 's not really my uncle . Bridget shrug . BRIDGET they never be . int . HOTEL lobby - night with she hair do up and bound with a string of imitation diamond , vivian look elegantly sexy in she black evening dress . the only thing spoil the picture as she wait in the lobby be the sloppy way she drag on a cigarette . she get more than a couple of admire glance from male hotel patron . she spot Mr. Thomas stand behind the check - in counter and cross to he . vivian gnervous ! ) how do I look ? 59 . Mr. Thomas smile politely . mr . thomas stun . but miss vivian , it really be not necessary for I to approve every outfit you wear . vivian puff away on she cigarette . vivian I be just shaking ' cause Edward be take I to this really fancy place . the rex ? be that a nice place ? the ash from vivian 's cigarette fall to the carpete floor . Mr. Thomas wince . he slide a ashtray toward she . vivian oh sorry . she stamp out she cigarette in the ashtray . mr . thomas it 's a very nice restaurant . vivian do I look okay for it ? mr. thomas you look fine . mind what fork you use . vivian ( absently ) yeah ... she spot Edward enter the lobby . he gesture for she to come to he . vivian get to go . bye . she quickly cross the lobby toward he . as she do , she face sour as a think come to she . vivian fork ? int . rex restaurant - night a array of different fork be neatly line up on the tablecloth next to vivian 's salad plate . she stare down at they . edward ( 0.s. ) I will be happy to look into it for you . to be honest , I do not know if we have buy any of you stock . 60 . Edward sit across the table from vivian . he select the last fork on the leave of the plate and begin eat the salad . kross ( 0.s. ) do not play any fuck game with I , Harris . you know damn well what stock you have and what you do not . sit next to vivian be James kross , in he carly 70 , a bulky self - make millionaire industrialist . in he youth he be foreman in a steel mill and during World War ii pioneer the use of welding instead of riveting in the construction of war ship . but age be beginning to take its toll on he . his skin be unhea thy look and he large hand sometimes tremble when he speak . he pick up the fork close to he plate and start to pick at the salad . kross I know you have control over at least twenty percent of the stock . edward ( calmly ) then call the s.e.c . vivian glance back and forth between kross and Edward 's fork , try to figure out which one she should use . do each person use a different one ? kross if you push I I might . edward ( politely ) be you threaten I ? edward_ notice vivian out of the corner of he eye . she look at he helplessly . he study she curiously . kross you might have some explain to do . that gay be tired of parasite like you jerk they around as he talk , Edward eye vivian and gently tap he finger to the empty spot where he fork have be . vivian gingerly pick up that fork from she set . Edward wink at she e start to eat . edward really , Mr. kross . I do not think we have anything to talk about . maybe you should see my lawyer . 61 . kross I come here to talk to you , not to eat _succotash or stare at you girlfriend 's tit . I want to talk business . Edward set down he fork , abruptly stand , and place he napkin next to he plate . he nod toward vivian . vivian have just stuff she mouth full of salad . she look up at Edward confuse . edward let 's go , vivian . vivian obediently stand , still cling to she fork . kross Harris , wait . kross stand as well . Edward stare at he coolly . kross I be sorry . that be out of line . Edward say nothing . he start to turn away . kross quickly turn toward vivian . kross miss , I be sorry about that remark . I apologize . it be uncall for . vivian finish chew and swallow quickly . vivian oh , it 's okay . Edward look over at vivian with stern sympathy . edward be you sure , viv ? Edward have never call she " viv " before . vivian stare at he , unsure . she do not know what to say ; what he want from she . she glance at kross , who wait for she reply . vivian yeah ... it 's okay . Edward pick up he napkin and slowly sit . vivian and _ kross sit . Edward lean toward kross and speak to he in a low firm voice . edward I do not have to come here . I do not have to talk to you . if you have . something to say you better say it without threaten I or insulting the lady . 62 . kross ' hand tremble as he adjust he napkin onto he lap and try to calm down . kross I be sorry . I will get to the point . I think you be try to take over my company '' if you do get it , and if I wha have be tell about you be true , you will liquidate it . ( pause ) I do not want that to happen . I build this company up myself . I have run it for forty year . we be in bad shape right now , but we be go to get through it ... as kross talk , the waiter come by and check they salad . Edward nod that he 's finish . the waiter start collect plate . vivian , though she 's finish she salad , be still cling to she fork . the waiter pause by she side . she spot he and set down she fork . he whisk the plate off . kross I come here to talk to you man- to - man to see if I can reason with you . what do I have to do to get you to call off the dog ? edward I do not understand you . kross what would it cost to buy out you stock ? name you price . edward I really do not know . but from what I have hear you company do not have any cash . the waiter return with another dish . he place a plate in front of each of they . as they talk , Edward subtly lift the correct fork and tap it to the table . he half smile at vivian . vivian , studiously watch he prompt , select the correct fork . they both start to eat . kross not ... right now . but we be go to get a large contract to build four destroyer for the navy . they be a revolutionary design and once we can prove it , I know we will get more order . I could give you a promissory note . edward then I would be in a position of make you company a loan . that do not seem to make much sense . 63 . kross we would pay you interest . as soon as we get the contract ... Edward shake he head . edward Mr kross , you be not go to be get any navy contract . kross ( upset ) what do you mean ? edward just that . you be not go to be get any new contract from the military . know . kross ( incredulous ) you have sabotage they ? edward you flatter I if you think I can tell the Pentagon what to do . but I do know you be not get the contract . kross sit quietly daze . much as he would like to believe it be a lie , he know Edward be tell the truth . vivian half watch he as she eat from she plate . Edward take a bite of he food and then speak smoothly . edward now let I propose something to you . if I ever _do decide to acquire you company , I will of course file proper papers with the s.e.c . if that be to happen , I would suggest that you and the board cooperate with I , rather than try to fight it . you could not stop I , you could only lower my profit margin . if ou do not fight I , I think you will find I can be a valuable friend . kross shake he head , amaze at Edward 's arrogance . kross you want I to recommend to the board that my company be rape by a man like you ? edward it 's not you company . it 's a public company . ( more ) 64 . edward ( cont 'd ) we both know that you can barely keep it go for a couple more year before you have completely drain it . it 's a waste of capital to keep it run when it be not go anywhere . a maitre d' come up and stand politely next to Edward . Edward pause and glance at he . edward yes ? the maitre d' whisper in a low voice to Edward . Edward nod and the maitre d' exit . Edward turn to kross . edward now it 's my turn to apologize . I be afraid that I have a private call that I must deal with . if I may be excuse ... without wait to see if he 's excuse , Edward stand and exit . vivian and kross sit quietly . vivian eat with she usual strong appetite . kross seem to be ponder some dilemma . he stare at vivian . he know he have be beat , but it 's difficult to take in front of this pretty young woman . kross you boyfriend 's a_real sharpie , little girl . a real shark . that 's the kind of man who make it this day . they smell money like blood . vivian stop eat . kross continue , he voice full of emotion . kross there be a time when men_ get rich by building thing . I build ship the size of city ! ship that could rule the seas into the next century . why , last year the navy recommission a ship out of mothball that I build forty year ago . they do it because they know damn well no one could build anything better ! we build this country into the great industrial power the world have ever know . we cream the japanese ! we dwarf the rest of the world . dwarf ! this country send man to the moon ! ( beat ) but something happen ... he shake he head uncertainly . kross we make mistake , maybe . I do not know . we lose we way . ( more ) kross ( cont 'd ) listen to too many Harvard fag tell we how to maximize profit . and now man like you boyfriend , they survive by feed off we decay . they make themselves rich by suck the money out of we shipyard . blind to the future . phe be destroy everything we uilt . his eye focus on vivian . she be move by he speech . kross but stay with he , little girl . you do not want to be on the wrong side of the fence when this country fall apart . he 's go to be a good little meal ticket for you . he be finish . vivian stare at he , freeze . Edward return to the table and sit down . edward my apology again . kross forget it . I have to go anyway . edward at least stay for dinner . kross no . thank you for this talk . you have clear my head . I know what to do now . edward which be ? kross I be not go to pay you off . I be go to fight you with every resource I have . neither you nor any of you croney will ever set foot in my shipyard . you will burn in hell first . kross stand up . edwari alright . if you feel that way , do what you have to do . and if you change you mind , I will not hold it against you later . just tell I that you have change you mind and I will forget about this conversation . kross what be you rambling about ? 66 . edward if you change you mind , come to I . my door will be open . kross I be never go to speak to you again . I be never go to see you face again . I be just go to stop you . get that ? kross toss he napkin into he plate and leave . Edward lean back in he chair , calm and relaxed . he take a sip from he water glass . he smile brightly at vivian and then laugh . across the table vivian stare at he unsmile . vivian why be you laugh ? edward you and you fork . you be such a picture . a waiter come up . waiter would you like the next course , sir ? edward ( brightly ) yes . yes , just for two . int . penthouse live room - night vivian 's face be pensive as she stare out of the glass window down at the city light . she quickly drain she champagne glass . Edward stand next to she . he refill she glass with the bottle in one hand as he hold the wireless phone with he other . edward ( into phone ) we be right , they do not have any cash . the only card he have be the navy contract and we know what happen to that . it 's perfect . kross be the only thing in we wa and he 's ready to cave in . lot of big talk , but one push and he 's over the edge . I could see it in he eye . Edward cross the room and set the champagne down on a table . edward well , that 's you job . 67 . vivian hold she glass in a daze . Edward , full of energy , pace back to she . he stare at she as he listen intently to the phone . edward do some research . the guy use to be a millionaire . but it 's be downhill for over twenty year . he must be over leverage . where 's 's he get he money this day ? what bank be loaning it to he ? find out . we have lot of friend . it woutdn ' t take much . a couple phone can . ss. something catch Edward 's attention . his eye focus on vivian 's head . he touch the diamond string wrap around she hair bun . edward ( hold he hand over the hone receiver ) be that real ? vivian shake she head " no " . Edward smile . edward they look lovely . he lean over and give she a kiss on the cheek . back into the phone he say : edward now you be think . get on it we be go to wrap this 's up by Friday now it now . 1 k to you tomorrow . he click the phone off . he take it to the table and set it down . he turn back toward vivian and slowly stalk across the room to she . edward have I even tell you how very , very beautiful you be ? vivian ( weakly ) no. edward you be , you know . very beautiful . he wrap a arm around she waist and give she a deep kiss . ___ edward I certainly could have do a_ lot worse for a wrong turn on Hollywood boulevard . vivian turn away from he and quickly downs she champagne . 68. edward easy , lover . you be suppose to sip it . vivian cross to the bottle on the table . vivian ( coolly ) I think you like I when I be drunk . she fumble a little as she pick up the bottle . she start to refill the glass , spilling champagne all over . Edward pull the glass and bottle away from she . he set they down on the other end of the table . he take vivian by the wrist and turn she toward he . his dark eye peer into hers . edward why be you run away ? you have be act strange all evening . be you mad at I ? vivian no. edward then kiss I again . vivian throw she arm around he neck and kiss he fiercely . Edward 's hand slide up she thigh and across she back . he run they through she hair and unty the bun . vivian shake she hair out and it fall across she shoulder . Edward gaze into she eye . vivian look away . she roughly unzip the back of she dress and pull it from she shoulder . before she can get it off , Edward grab she by the wrist again . edward why be you in such a hurry ? vivian say nothing , she eye be on the floor . edward be I ugly to you ? be I fat and disgusting ? do I smell bad ? vivian ( softly ) no. edward people have be so bold as to tell I I be somewhat attractive . be not I to you ? vivian you be very ... handsome . edward then why be you in such a rush to get it over with ? we have all night . be it really such a chore ? be you so jade that you never enjoy make love ? vivian pull away and turn she back on he . vivian ( firmly ) not with customer . edward why not ? I think I have be pretty good to you the last few day . have not I treat you well ? vivian stand silently for a moment . vivian ( softly ) ..- yes. edward I can not hear you . 69 . Edward take she by the shoulder and spin she around . her eye be full of tear . vivian yes ! edward why be you cry ? vivian say nothing . Edward shake she gently . edward answer I . vivian it 's you fuck champagne . you get I all weird inside . I drank too much . edward gently ) tell I why you be cry . vivian leave I alone ! ( desperately ) what do you want from I ?! edward my money 's worth . another tear slide from vivian 's eye . 70 . vivian I have give it to you . edward no you have not . I think I have you for a week , but you have only give I a tiny part of yourself . the rest you kee rom I . you try to hide it . but back there in a dark corner of you eve I can see it . Hidden away in the shadow . and every time I see it I wonder what it be , and why you be so determine to keep it from I . it make I want you more and more . let I have it . let I see it for a few day . I promise I will not keep it . Edward slowly take she into he arm . vivian I do not know what you be say . you do not make any sense . just let I go , please . let I go . Edward kiss she gently . vivian be limp in he arm , tear roll down she neck . edward do you want I to make love to you ? vivian look into he eye . vivian ~--yes ... edward there . that 's all I want . vivian 's eye focus upon he . she lean up and with tremble lip she kiss he cheek . dissolve to : int . live room - morning vivian , dress in a white silk nightgown , sit on the carpet in the middle of the live room . her head be down and she hair be a tangle mess that cover she eye . Edward , dress in he usual business suit , come from the bedroom , struggle with he tie . he see vivian sit limply on the floor . edward what be you do ? vivian just sitt ' n ' . 71 . edward why do not you sit on the couch , or go back to bed ? do not you feel alright ? vivian I have get a little headache . edward no wonder , the way you be drink last night . you want to do my tie ? vivian yes . she pull herself off the floor and walk to he . she bite she lip as she deftly tie it into a neat knot . Edward glance at he reflection in the plate window to see if it be alright . edward hmmm . Cindy always tie it so the emblem be right in the center of the knot . vivian oh . she reach for he to try to re-tie it . edward no , that 's alright . I do not have time . this will do . Edward give she a warm kiss . she do not return it . her eye be glassy . edward I hope you feel better . I will be one all day . maybe we will have inner someplace nice tonight . hi fully ) ( hopefully ) I would like that . Edward smile at she and walk away . he exit up the stair . vivian watch he go . int . HOTEL lobby - day vivian , wear she pink dress , stroll by shop in the hotel dobby : half - heartedly window - shopping . she keep glance around the lobby as if wait for someone . she spot Mr. Thomas come out of a back room . she cross the lobby and head for he . 72 . Mr. Thomas spot vivian and half smile , he be not quite sure what he think about she . her presence in he hotel make he nervous , and yet he secretly enjoy she company . vivian ( cheerfully ) hi. mr . thomas miss vivian . vivian I have get to talk to you . Boy , do ou mix I up last night with that ine about the fork . I think I make a fool of myself . mr . thomas ( honestly concerned ) how ? vivian oh , I do not know which fork to use so I keep hold off and everyone use different one and Edward laugh at I . mr . thomas oh , I be sorry . it really be not that difficult . vivian well then show I . Edward might take I to dinner tonight a do not want to look like a dummy again . Mr. Thomas look around the lobby uncomfortably . mr . thomas well , I be on duty right now . just use the one on the leave . vivian no , you get to_show I the whole thing . the whole dinner thing . from the top . you get I into this mess . mr . thomas ( amused ) I ...? how be I responsible ? vivian because if you have not tell I , I would not have even think about it . now I be all jittery . Mr. Thomas smile and glance around the lobby again . everything seem quiet enough . why not ? 73 . mr . thomas alright , come with I , young lady . in fifteen minute I can teach you everything you need to know to dine with the queen . int . HOTEL office - day Mr. Thomas ' desk be laid out with two oppose set of tableware . he show vivian the correct piece from he side and she mirror he action from the other . mr . thomas and as you pick up the knife you shift you fork to the leave hand . vivian do this . vivian hey , I already know that one . I always do that . mr . thomas you have good parent . vivian but the other guy eat like this . vivian switch the fork and knife . mr. thomas well , he be either european or badly bring up . vivian no , he be a rich guy , too . I could tell . mr . thomas that do not mean a thing . some of the richest people I have meet have the worst manners . of course , Mr. Harris , be of old money , know he way around a table . vivian what 's old money ? mr . thomas that mean he have inherite he money down a long family line . it use to be fashionable to look down upon people who have become rich through they own labor . ( shrugging ) in fact , it séem to be in fashion again . but let 's continue with we lesson . ( more ) 74 . mr . thomas ( cont 'd ) most restaurant do not even lay out they silver correctly , so if they do not it be not you fault if you pick up the wrong one . spoon ... int . brokage house - day vance be punch number into a computer terminal as Edward and William watch the display . vance the word 's on the street . stock 's at ten and a quarter . Edward smile . edward Flight of fancy . let 's offer eight . that should bring they back down to earth . then we will raise it to nine and close the deal . william I will work on the papers . vance so we be filing ? edward yes , time to jump out of the closet . int . meeting room - day Edward and William be loung together at the end of a long meeting table . a lovely young Secretary come in and serve they coffee from a tray . secretary how do you like it , Mr. reaves ? william ( suggestively ) any way I can get it , angel . the Secretary force herself to smile politely . secretary cream or sugar ? william both . edward Black . the Secretary pour the coffee into two cup and saucer and lay they nearly on the table . she pick up the tray and exit . William watch she go . Edward take a sip of he coffee . 75 . edward so , tell I about kross . William wait until the Secretary have close the door and then pick up he coffee . william you be right , as usual . completely mortgage : down to he grandson 's scholarship fund . best of all , he 's apply for another loan . edward Bank we know ? william oh yeah . edward need I to call anyone ? william nope . it 's all handle . Nice and quiet . you can forget all about it . edward ( sip he coffee ) I will . Edward change the subject . edward so why do not we go to dinner tonight ? you can leer at this girl I have for the week . william be this the one whose honor you defend from kross ? edward ( laug ! ghing ) yes . you will like she . just you type . a real tramp . int . elegant restaurant - night Edward , William , and vivian be dining at another elegant restaurant . vivian be deck out in she black low - cut dress . William stare at she cleavage as she eat daintily , hold she silverware carefully in she hand . edward ( to vivian ) tell Bill what you say to I , that first night . ( to William ) it be something like , " if you be look for romance you be cruise down the wrong street . ( more ) 76 . edward ( cont 'd ) but if you want to fuck , you have find the best ... " ( to vivian ) be that how it go ? vivian ( uncomfortably ) yeah , I think so . William stare at vivian fixedly . william you look very familiar to I . have not I see you before ? vivian shake she head no . william you work for Robert 's agency , do not you ? vivian no. william oh. ( to Edward ) I think that 's where you get you girl . edward you must be joke . I be not go pay a fortune for a high - class gol igger to leech off I . last time I call they , I end up spend ten grand for a skinn little thing that keep pressure I to buy she jewel . I find vivian on Hollywood boulevard and she 's charge I a third of that . and she 's happy to get it , be not you ? vivian meekly nod . she be not enjoy the conversation . william Jesus , Edward , you be the only | billionaire I know who would tramping around Hollywood loo sng for a bargain streetwalker . just because you get one bad girl do not _mean you should write off the whole agency , when you get a girl from Robert 's you be pay or discretion . edward what do I need discretion for ? I be divorced . and I do not need a girl who speak french better than I do . vivian have be a absolute doll . ( more ) 77 . edward ( cont 'd ) I have to buy she a few thing so that she would be presentable , but I be still go to save money in the long run . William shake he head . he glance over at vivian . william can you believe the way this guy talk ? do you know how much he 's worth ? vivian do not answer . she lower she eye and concentrate on she food . edward why be you always push Robert 's on I , Bill ? you own a piece of that ? william ( irritate ) no . it 's just a nice agency and I like to keep my client happy . but if you can find true love in hol ywood , for a great mark down , that 's okay by I . Edward lean over to William . edward she 's a real tiger in bed . william ( eying she ) I will bet she be . Edward eat . William watch vivian push the food around on she plate . he seem bother by something . edward ( amused ) what be you think about , Bill ? william ( look away ) nothing . edward you want she ? I do not mind . you want to try she ? william Jesus , Edward , do not be so tacky . I can rent my own girl . edward I can read you like a freeway sign . 78 . william ( tensely ) I be not interested . edward go ahead . vivian do not care . she 's use to six guy a night . just be sure you wear a condom . she 's careful about that . william thanks , Ed . that really turn I on . now can we just drop it ? do not we have anything else to talk about ? Edward lean back in he chair and smile smugly . edward North american steel . William glare at Edward and then laugh , relax at last . william ; no. no way . you will never get it . not a prayer . edward why not ? vivian stare at Edward expressionlessly . int . penthouse - night Edward and vivian come into the room . Edward switch on a light . vivian walk down the step into the live room . her face be rigid ; she eye be focus on the floor . Edward follow after she . edward my , you be quiet again . you have not say a word to I since we leave the restaurant . I kind of like it , but ... as Edward touch she shoulder vivian suddenly spin and explode with anger , pound he with close fist . vivian you fucker ! you fuck bastard ! vivian frantically pound away at Edward , not so much to hurt he , but as if purging herself of emotion . Edward pull back for a moment and then forcefully grab she arm and throw she onto the couch . edward have you lose you mind ?! 79 . vivian jump up and run at Edward . Edward grab she and throw she down onto the couch . before she can get up again Edward push she back down . tear well up in vivian 's eye as she yell at he . vivian you fuck asshole . I can not believe what a shit you be ! edward would you please tell I what you be mad about ? vivian I be not a fuck piece of meat for you to offer to you friend ! Edward be take aback . he adopt a gentler tone . vivian sit on the couch , seethe with rage . edward alright . just calm down . vivian I almost pick up that fuck table and smashed it in you fuck face . I almost do it ! edward I appreciate you self - control . vivian I fuck beat the shit out of a pimp who try to force I into he stable . I could beat the shit out of you ! I almost start scream in the restaurant I be so mad . I would have punch you in the face and walk out of there but ... but ... vivian 's voice cool to a icy calm . vivian ... I want my money . edward I be sorry . it never even occur to I that you would mind . honestly . vivian ( explode ) I want my fucking money ! I be get out of here ! I do not want anything to do with you ! edward ( firmly ) lower you voice . 80. vivian give I my money . edward can we talk about this ? can you just try to calm down ? vivian I be go crazy ' cause you will not let I get high . I be bored out of my fuck mind all day and enever see you , you treat I like ghitt you do not like the way I eat . I never tie you tie right . I do not drink enoug : and then I drink too much . you be always shitting on I ! a tear fall from vivian 's eye . Edward shake he head at she , incredulous . edward I be sorry . I think I be treat you pretty nicely . vivian I have fuck stinking old man who make I want to puke , but I have never have anyone make I feel as dirty as you do ! you make I feel dirty inside . edward -.. I be not even serious . it_was just a joke . I be razzing Bill ecause he run this call girl service . we tease each other like that . it 's quite juvenile . but I do not think you would mind my say . - I mean it 's not as if you be from a convent . vivian you don't own I ! I say when ! I say who ! I say how much ! if I make a deal with you it 's between I and you and if he want to fuck I too then he can ask I and I will tell he how much ! edward of course . you be right . I be sorry . vivian I do not fuck anyone who stick they dick out at I . I fuck who I want ! I say how much ! I _run my life ! you don 't run my life ! 81 . edward vivian , I be very sorry . you be absolutely right . that be a idiotic and insensitive thing I do . I can tell that you have a lot of pride and I should have know that that would hurt you . vivian jump to she foot . vivian it do not hurt I ! it do not hurt you when someone piss on you ! it just piss you off ! Edward 's face sour . she be try he patience . edward alright . I have apologize . I have say I be sorry . now if you want to take what you have earn so far and walk out of here , I will understand . vivian do not say anything . edward do you want I to call a cab ? vivian be still silent . edward do you ? vivian I do not know . edward then think about it . but we be go to get past this . I have apologize already . I have hear what ou have to say , you be right and it will not happen again . but if you can not get past it then you should leave , because I be only go to be here a couple more day and I be not go to spend it fight with you . understand ? vivian ( bitterly ) fuck off . edward alright . I will call a cab . if you want the clothes , pack they up . vivian stand freeze for a moment . suddenly she spin and march into the bedroom . 82. int . bedroom - night vivian start roughly pick up she clothes in the dim light of the bedroom . as she do she start cry ying . with each item of clothing the tear come down harder . finally she be cry so hard she can not breathe . she let the clothes fall from she arm and start to shake uncontrollably . Edward appear at the doorway . his face be genuinely concerned . vivian sob in fit , gasp for air . edward ( tenderly ) I be sorry . I really be sorry . vivian finally manage to breathe again . she stand limply . her face be smear black with mascara . vivian you ... ( barely audible ) .-- hurt I . Edward go to she and wrap he arm around she shoulder . she touch he hand . int . bathtub - night Edward and vivian be take a bath together . it be not a bubble bath . Edward wipe the black mascara from vivian 's eye with he wet hand . edward I have be a fiendish cad , and I will make it up to you . vivian I get so crazy . I be not like that . I do not know why I get so crazy . edward ( exaggerate he Harvard accent ) because I be a boor , a clod , a oaf , a cretin , a dunce , a putz , a shmuck .. he wash the black from he hand and caress she cheek again with warm water . edward ... but I shall make amend as only a Harris can . he run he little finger across he eyebrow and down she nose . edward I shall give you a experience that will last a lifetime . 83. vivian smile . vivian yeah , sure . you be good , lover , but not that good edward vivian , hoe. mind be always in the utter . mine 's only there requently . I speak not of the lower form of pleasure , but of high art . vivian what ? edward I be go to take you to the opera . ext . fancy clothing store on rodeo drive - day Edward be hold vivian by the hand as they stand in front of a display window . Inside the window be a stun red sequine ress . edward that 's it . that 's what you be wear tonight . vivian 's eye light up like a child on Christmas morning . int . clothing store - day Edward sit on a comfortable chair sip tea as he wait by the dress room . a prim , well - dress saleswoman stand at attention by he side . vivian come out of the dress room wear the red dress . she look beautiful in it . her face be aglow with pleasure as she admire herself in the mirror . the saleswoman walk over to she and check the fit . saleswoman it will need a couple alteration to fit right in the bust . we can do they here . edward we need they do now . I be take she to aida in San Francisco tonight . the saleswoman purr in vivian 's ear . saleswoman oh , you be so lucky . it 's suppose to xbe fabulous . 84 . int . mercede - day Edward be talk on he car phone . vivian sit happily next to he , admire she new dress . edward ( into the phone ) Bill , Bill , stop panic . I will read the contract on the plane . just have the brokerage arrange the flight for I . kross be not go anywhere . it 's not like I be go to help anything by watch the stock go down today . have it ready for I . I will make a couple more stop and be there in a hour or two . ' bye . vivian look over at Edward , still reeling from all the attention he be give she . vivian be you sure this be alright ? I do not want you to hurt you business . Edward smile amusedly . edward my empire may . crumble through | neglect , but it 's worth it . I have be meaning to see aida before it close and now I have a good excuse . but you must be freezing in that skimpy thing . vivian I be okay . edward no , no . you be bound to get pneumonia if we do not do something . int . furrier - day vivian stand wrap up in a gray mink coat . she rub the fur against she cheek in ecstasy . Edward sit near she , watch . vivian it 's so soft . a handsome young salesman be stand by she side , he arm fill with other coat . he look at Edward for approval . edward Nice , but not what I have in mind . we be only go to rent it for a few day , so we might as well get something really special . 85 . salesman I have just the thing . he exit into the other room . vivian look at Edward pleadingly . vivian I like this one . edward vivian , trust I , I know fur . I be go to find you one that will give you multiple orgasm . the salesman come out carry a long , stark white fur coat . vivian 's eye widen . the salesman hand it to Edward . salesman baby seal , very rare . you can not get they anywhere any more . I normally would not even consider rent it , but for you , Mr. Harris ... Edward nod . he stand up and walk to vivian 's side . the salesman help vivian out of the mink and step back . Edward slide the coat over vivian 's arm . he wrap it around she body and give she a kiss . vivian melt . vivian ( whisper in Edward 's ear ) I think I be come . salesman ( loudly ) of course , 1f you do decide to purchase it later , I will deduct the rental fee from the total cost . Edward glance at the salesman sideways . edward do not get you hope up . Frank . we be just rent it for the opera . int . shoe store - day another salesman be fitting vivian with a pair of red high heel shoe . Edward sit next to she . he lean over and whisper in she ear . edward feel like cinderella yet ? vivian nod happily . int . brokerage - night Edward , dash in a tuxedo , escort vivian by the hand down a long hallway as William trail after they . 86 . vivian , balance on high heel , be have trouble keep up with he on the slippery marble floor . william please , at least think about it . it 's a gold mine . you be the one who think it up . edward Bill , I do not want to get in the toxic waste business . what a nightmare ! I just want to sell the rights to the high bidder . let they do the dirty work . that rocess license must be worth a ortune . william but not half as much as if we use they ourselves . Edward stop suddenly and turn toward William . vivian skid and almost fall ; she grab Edward 's shoulder for balance . Edward , ignore she , look down at William like a teacher lecture a ow student . edward Bill . Cash , leverage , acquire . Cash , leverage , acquire , Cash , teverage , acquire . get it ? william okay , okay . I get it . Edward slap William on the shoulder and drag vivian off . william enjoy the opera ! read the contract ! ext . heliport - day vivian and Edward come out onto the roof and make they way to a wait helicopter . once they be inside , the helicopter take off . int . helicopter - day vivian look out the window as the chopper fly over the city . she squeeze Edward 's hand . vivian it 's like a dream . Edward smile absently as he read through some papers . ext . heliport at burbank airport - day Edward and vivian climb out of the helicopter and make they way from the landing pad . 87 . a Pilot in a leather jacket and dark sunglass greet they . pilot Mr. Harris ? edward yes . pilot you plane be ready to go , sir . ext . heliport at burbank airport - day a small corporate jet take off down the landing strip . int . jet - day Edward and vivian be alone in the passenger lounge of the jet . it be a comfortable room feature a long couch that curve across two wall , a small bar , anda pusite - in television and stereo . Edward be sorting through a pile of contract . vivian be ook at herself in a small mirror . he hair be wild and loose from the helicopter . vivian good thing I do not have my hair do . edward oh , I should have warn you . Cindy will not even let I get she near a helicopter . vivian I can fix it . edward good , now be quiet while I read this . vivian smile wickedly and fluff she hair up . she take she fur off and lay it down on the floor . she walk over to Edward and slide into he lap . she start to kiss he neck . Edward , grin , push she away gently . edward go away . vivian , undaunted , slide the strap of she dress off she shoulder . she stand and it fall to the floor . wearing only a pair of red panty , she lie down on the fur coat . edward what be you do ? vivian give Edward she finest come-hither look . vivian be quiet . 88 . Edward set down he papers . ext . san francisco - sunset the sun be just beginning to set as the jet make a slow pass over the city and head for the airport . int . jet - sunset vivian , naked , stare out the window at the city light twinkle below . her eye be full of wonder . vivian I can see the bridge . it 's all light up . it 's so beautiful . Edward be read a contract . without glance up he speak to she . edward you would better put on you clothes , now . I do not want to give the pilot a thrill . vivian reach down and pick up she red dress . ext . san francisco opera house - night a airport limo pull to a stop in front of the San Francisco Opera House . the driver walk around back and open the passenger door . Edward emerge and help the fur-wrapped vivian out . they walk toward the Opera House past a beautifully light fountain wit several graceful statue in its center . Edward have he hand on vivian 's elbow as they talk . edward some people say that Opera isa cultivate taste -- that 's why everyone prefer movie -- but I do not believe that . it 's something you be bear to . but I do not mean that in a elitist sense . High bear , low bear , you can always tell when someone go to the opera for the first time . some love it , some hate it . that who love it will always love it ; that who hate it might force themselves to appreciate it , but they ' 11 never love it . maybe there 's 's a opera ene in a person 's DNA . it will be interesting to see how you react . vivian even if I hate it , I be glad you take I . 89 . edward so be i. int . opera lobby - night a small crowd of well - dress people move through the lobby toward the theater . vivian admire the pretty dress and thing aroun : er. int . theater - night Edward and vivian sit front row center on the first balcony . they hold program while they wait for the curtain . vivian lean over to Edward and speak in a low voice . vivian if it 's in italian , how will I know what they be say ? edward I will whisper some of the main part of the story for you . but you will be surprised at how much you will understand by the way they sing . the music convey they emotion more powerfully than any word . the orchestra begin . montage of opera when the light dim and the opera be perform , we do not shift to the stage but rather stay on vivian . as the music build and the change stage light dance across she face we see the opera unfold only through she eye . as we dissolve from close - up to close - up , Edward occasionally lean over and whisper intimately into she ear . edward radame be desperately in love with aida , a mere slave . yet he be force to marry amneris , the King 's daughter . the music continue . vivian 's face focus intensely on the stage , as if a new world be be reveal to she . Edward lean toward she ear . edward here he tell aida how much he love she but ... vivian raise a hand and gently cover Edward 's mouth . she nod , eye fix on the stage . she understand what be happen . as vivian 's hand slowly lower , Edward glance at she , pleased . he hold onto she hand and gently stroke she finger . 90 . vivian concentrate on what be happen . the music be reach its tragic climax . the emotion building inside vivian swell . as the opera end , she be profoundly move . a single tear roll down she cheek . int . staircase / opera house - night vivian and Edward stand at the top of a elegant staircase lead down from the balcony . vivian be slightly sway as if weak . Edward have a firm arm around she shoulder . edward be you alright ? can you make it down the stair ? vivian I just stand up too fast . my head be spin . the blood all go to my leg . just a second . Edward hold she tightly as_ other patron move past they and down the stair . Edward smile smugly at she . edward you like the opera , do not you ? vivian nod . vivian yeah . it be ... I like it so much . it ... be sad . as she think about it , she feel the urge to cry again . she fight it . vivian I be okay now . int . airplane - night vivian be lie across the lounge couch with she head on Edward 's lap . Edward stroke she hair . tear be stream from er eye . edward you be such a emotional little creature . vivian ( defensively ) it be sad . edward I know . but I take you to make you happy , not to make you cry . vivian I be happy . just sad happy be all . 91 . edward you have be cry for a hour . vivian wipe she eye . vivian I just ... I be kinda use to smoking whenever I get sad , you_know ? it keep I feel goo I be not use to be off it . edward I be sorry if that 's be tough on you . vivian no , no . it 's okay . it 's just like I be feel all sort of strange thing . 's kinda nice in a way . I just rave trouble handle it sometimes . edward well , the day after tomorrow I be off to New York and you can do whatever you want . and youll have some money to do it wit vivian yeah . int . bedroom - night Edward be sound asleep . vivian be stare off into the darkness . she can not sleep . she slowly crawl out of bed . she be wear a pink teddy . Edward stir . he blink he eye . edward what 's the matter ? vivian noth and ' . just can not sleep . edward oh. vivian can I get some champagne ? maybe it will relp I sleep . edward sure . let I call ... he pull himself up with difficulty . vivian no , no . I can call . you sleep . I be alright . really . 92. Edward lie back down . edward ( sleepily ) okay . order whatever you want . int . live room - night vivian sit alone on the live room floor stare out the window into the city . she be dress in_her pink teddy with the white fur wrap around she shoulder . she sip straight from the bottle of champagne . she hum a tune from the opera . she take a long drink and arrange the bottom of the fur over she leg for warmth . int . live room - morning Edward be dress in he robe talk on the phone as he look over the morning breakfast on the dining table . edward Jesus that be fast . what do ygu do , put a horse head in he bed ? int . brokerage house - morning a Secretary hand William a cup of coffee . he take a sip . william very funny . I barely do anything . the old coot must be more desperate than either of we think . he say he would not talk to I about specifics until after we thirty - day filing period . but he want to k to you . get assurance that you " be both on the same side or something . maybe get you to call off the dog , i.e. , I . he take another sip of he coffee . he wave the Secretary off . she exit . william a anyhow I tell he that I might be e to arrange for you to see he this morning at you hotel room . what I would like you to do be butter he up and then drag he here so I can grill he . int . live room - morning Edward be sip orange juice . edward you be such a sneaky fucker . 93 . william the guy 's pathetic . all you have to do be take he by the hand and bring | he over . if we could just get he to tell we the story on the na nee ? air commitment it would be wor 1 Edward glance at he watch . edward alright . tell he ten-thirty . william he will be there . int . bedroom —- morning vivian be pass out on the bed . Edward come in and undoe he robe . he start to put on a suit . edward wake up , sleep beauty . vivian stir . she blink and look at Edward with sleepy red eye . vivian what ? edward put on some clothes . we be go to have a guest . int . bedroom - day vivian , wear she yellow dress , be tie Edward 's tie for he . edward you sure you do not mind ? I would not want you to get mad at I again . vivian ; no , it 's okay . I do not mean it . I like tie it . she finish . Edward check it in the mirror . edward pattern in the center . perfect . that 's lovely . he give she a peck on the cheek . we hear the doorbell ring from the live room . edward well , here we go . 94 . int . live room - day vivian stand near the bedroom as Edward open the front door . Mr. kross slowly enter . he look old and tired . the shake hand and Edward close the door behind he . edward Mr. kross . kross Mr. Harris . Edward lead he down the stair . edward have a seat . kross I can not stay very long . kross notice vivian stand across the room . he seem surprised to see she . surprise and bother . he nod to she . kross Young lady . . vivian hl . they both seem uncomfortable in each other 's presence . like former lover who run into each other by surprise in public . kross immediately turn he eye away from she . he look at Edward . kross I will get to the point . as I say earlier today to you lawyer , I have reconsider my position on you expect acquisition offer . after the filing period be over , I will recommend to the board that we accept you bid . edward excellent . I be sure that will be the best for everyone . kross and I want to apologize for ... edward there be nothing for you to apologize for . it 's just business . kross 's hand be tremble . he glance nervously at vivian and then back at Edward . __ kross yes. Business . 95 . vivian be disturb watch this break man . she back away into the bedroom and disappear . kross that 's all . I just want to tell you my decision in person . edward I appreciate that . and I be sure thing will go well for you . kross thank you . I would better be go . edward perhaps you could do I one favor , thoug if you could take a hour to accompany I down to m brokerage and have a brief talk with my lawyer . just answer a couple question . kross I do not think that 's quite proper at_this time . maybe after the filing period . edward let I be completely up front with you Mr. kross . we be prepare we id now . that bid be base on we speculation of the corporation 's net worth . the more we know the higher we bid can be . and since you do own a large block of share ... __ kross ; ...- it 's in my best interest to cooperate . edward we might even be able to strike a special deal with you on you particular block of share . kross look at Edward with a weak smile . kross and if I throw myself on m yor , ou promise to take care of amily . Edward stare at kross evenly . edward it do not have to be that way . kross alright . I will answer you question . whatever you want . 96 . edward good. ( turn ) vivian ... Edward notice for the first time that vivian have leave the room . edward just one second . he head to the bedroom . int . bedroom - day vivian be sit on the bed as Edward come in . he close the door behind he . edward why would you run off ? vivian stare at she foot . vivian just ... no reason . edward very well . I be go to be go all day . I do not think I '1l be back in time for dinner so go ahead and eat . alright ? vivian look up at Edward . vivian what do you do to he ? edward what do you mean ? vivian why be he afraid of you ? what do you do to he ? Edward be silent for a long while . he do not like this question . edward I do not think you need to worry about thing like that . vivian ( almost to herself ) last time I see he he be so strong . now he 's so scared . edward ( firmly ) the man make a business decision . that 's all . I make business decision ; you make business decision . ( more ) 97 . edward ( cont 'd ) nobody do anything unless it 's in he own best interest . vivian stare at she foot and say nothing . Edward watch she . he turn and leave . int . live room - day Edward cross the live room to kross . edward everything 's fine . let 's go . ext . beverly wilshire HOTEL - day it 's a cold cloudy day . vivian stand in front of the hotel in she mink coat , smoking a cigarette . she watch the car pass by , think . a old yellow mustang pass . she take a last drag and toss she cigarette butt into the gutter . she turn and go back into the hotel . int . HOTEL lobby - day vivian walk up to the front desk and address the desk clerk . vivian be there a phone I can use ? I want to call a cab . desk clerk you may use this phone . he pull a phone from under the desk . Mr. Thomas enter from the back door . he smile at vivian . mr . thomas miss vivian . vivian hi . what 's the number of a cab company ? mr . thomas where be you go ? vivian ummm ... Hollywood like . I need to get some medicine . you know , for headache . mr . thomas why do not you use one of the hotel 's limousine ? vivian limo ? 98 . mr . thomas of course . a small perk for the guest in we better room . vivian think about that for a moment . she kind of like the idea , but it also make she nervous . vivian ummm ... I do not want Edward to know I be leave . he ... I just do not want ... mr . thomas discretion be we middle name here at the beverly wilshire . ext . limo - day a long black limo drive into Hollywood . int . limo - day vivian sit alone in the back of the limo , enjoy the ride . there be a phone and a tiny television set and a small stereo system . she examine each carefully and play with the knob . limo driver ( 0.s. ) ( from a small speaker ) be this the street , ma'am ? vivian press the intercom button . vivian yes. 1312 . it 's a big apartment building . ext . vivian' apartment build - day the limo pull to a stop in front of a rundown apartment building on a dirty Hollywood side street . the limo Driver , a large latino man , step out of the car and walk around to the passenger door . as he do he survey the surroundings uncomfortably . this be a rough neighborhood . he open the door . vivian step out , fur and all . limo driver be you sure this be the right place , ma'am ? vivian yeah . limo driver maybe I should go with you . this do not look like a good place for a lady to be alone . 99 . vivian be suddenly aware of how she appearance have change . she wrap the fur around herself a little nervously . vivian I will be okay . I will just be a second . limo driver you sure , ma'am ? vivian yeah . she hurry up the step to the apartment building . the limo Driver unhappily watch she go . int . hallway - day vivian 's bright new shoe and white fur traverse the grimy dark car eted hallway . cockroach scurry along the edge of the wa ss . vivian reach the door to she apartment . she turn the knob . it open . int . vivian' apartment - day vivian 's apartment be small and claustrophobic . the wall be a dingy fade yellow , and plaster be fall from the ceiling . there be a couple of wear - out overstuff chair and a bookcase pile with everything but book . the majority of the room be give over to a jarge bed that be fold out of a couch . a large mangy pile of old blanket and pillow cover it . as vivian enter from the hallway she whisper . vivian kit ? kit ? you here ? she blink into the dim room and wait for a answer . there be none . it be clear from vivian 's face that she be glad no one be home . she close the door behind herself . she move to a small wooden box on the bookshelf and open it . Inside be various drug paraphernalia , but no drug . she close it , annoyed . kit viv ? startle , vivian spin and see kit stare at she from under the blanket on the bed . her face be pale and ghostly . her voice hoarse . vivian Jesus , you scared I . I do not see you under there . why do not you answer I ? 100 . kit I be waking up . I be not feel too good vivian you never feel good . kit that 's a pretty coat . do you date give you that coat ? vivian no , it 's just rent . kit that be pretty shoe . vivian yeah . well , I can not stay very long . I get to go back . kit you be not home yet ? vivian . no , not ' till tomorrow . I just want some rock . be there any ? kit no . I smoke it all . but we could go get some if you have money . kit sit up . she wear a sleeveless undershirt that expose she unhealthily thin and pale arm . vivian stare at she unhappily . vivian fuck , you look like hell . have not you be eat ? kit I do not have any money . vivian you have to work , babe . besides , there 's food in the kitchen . kit cough hard . kit I do not feel like it . I just have not be hungry . vivian you have to eat . no wonder you do not feel good . God damn it . vivian stand restlessly , overcome with both guilt and revulsion . vivian you be such a fuck baby . 101 . she pull off she coat and toss it onto a chair . she march into the kitchen alcove . int . kitchen - day vivian 's kitchen be pile with dirty dish , old open can and various food box . vivian pour a can of chicken soup into a small saucepan on a tiny electric skillet . kit ( 0.s. ) what you do , viv ? vivian I be make you some soup , damn it . you have to eat . you want onion in it ? kit ( 0.8 . I would like that . vivian get a small white onion from the refrigerator and chop it with a large butcher knife . she throw the onion into the soup . int . vivian' apartment - day vivian come out with a bowl of hot soup with a spoon in it . as she stand in front of kit for a moment we almost get the impression that she might throw it at she . instead , she set it down roughly on the be kit start to sip the soup . vivian pace around the room restlessly . she move to the window and open it . vivian God it stink in here . why do not you open the window ? kit it 's cold . kit sip the soup . kit this be good . I be feel better already . vivian I be not you fuck mother . kit I be sorry . I have just feel lonely . you want to go get some rock ? vivian no , I get to go . I have get a car wait for I . I should not smoke it anyway while I be work . 102 . kit you sure look pretty . that guy must be treat you real good . be he nice ? vivian he 's alright . kit he must like you a lot to want you around for so long . he sure must like you . vivian yeah ... well , he like to fuck I . kit he busy you nice thing . vivian yeah . kit cough again . kit maybe you should stay with he , viv. vivian ( nervously ) what be you , nut ? the guy 's rich . do not you know anything ? he can have any girl he want . he have a high -class fuck in New York . Rich guy do not go for street girl . kit why would he pick you up ? vivian it be a mistake . ( softly ) he be lose . he just want I ' till tomorrow . maybe he ' it Task you to stay with he . vivian do not like to think about that . she turn away . vivian no . kit do not worry about I , viv . I will be okay . I can always get by . you should stay with he . you look so pretty . et if you ask he he would want to keep you . 103 . vivian God be you stupid . he 's just a date . that 's all . ( beat ) I get to go . she grab she coat and put it on . she walk to the door and stand for a moment , uncomfortable , guilty . she pull some money out of she coat pocket . vivian here 's twenty . Hell , forty . do not spend it all on rock . get some food tonight , okay ? you be gonna get sick if you do not keep eat . ( beat ) I ... do not know exactly what time I will be back tomorrow , so do not wait for I or anything . she set two twenty - dollar_ bill on the bookcase . kit and vivian stare at each other silently for a moment . in vivian 's hand be the rest of she money . she look down at it . vivian yeah . and ... I be gonna stash some of this here . I get it the first night with he . she open a empty jar of cold cream and stashes most of the money inside . vivian do not you touch that money ... I will count it when I get back ... vivian walk to the door and hesitates again . kit look at she sadly . kit you be not come back , be you ? vivian try to say something but choke on the word . she take a deep breath . vivian I will be back , babe . ( pause ) you_know what ? when I get back we will go to disneyland . take a bus . would you like that ? I will have lot of money . kit that would be fun . vivian we will go on that Space Mountain ride . you like that ? 104 . kit I like small World with all the kid and the little boat . vivian we will go on everything . it will be fun . vivian open the door and slowly step out . kit I think you should stay with he , viv. vivian grit she tooth . vivian you be so fuck stupid ! just shut up ! I will be back tomorrow . she exit and close the door behind herself . ext . vivian' apartment build - day vivian come quickly out of the apartment building and head for the limo . the limo Driver open the door for she . limo driver I be get worried . vivian I be fine . just take I back . int . limo - day vivian sit in the back of the limo . she be calmer now . she lean back in the seat and wrap the fur tightly around herself . int . brokerage house - day Edward and William stand in front of a conference table stare at a long flow chart of they acquisition and liquidation of kross enterprise . william well , that 's about it . thirty , sixty day . six month . one year . after that , kross be just naval history . edward you really think we can scam all the pension fund off on p.b.g .? william hey , ' 78 be a great year . he start to roll up the chart . 105 . william the only question in my mind be what be you go to go after next . edward ( smugly ) North américan steel ... william you be dream . Jake come into the room . jake you helicopter 's ready , Mr. Harris . william ( glance sideways Edward ) helicopter ? go to the opera again ? . edward I just want another look at the shipyard before I go back to New York . william you be such a sentimental softy . edward . why do not you come with I ? william no . I want to finish that chemical bid so you can take it back to New York . edward / you can always fed ex it later . william no , you know I . I do not like loose end . int . brokerage hallway - day Jake be escort Edward down the hallway . jake so , do you learn a lot from Mr. kross ? edward who ? oh , no . not really . we already know it all . 106 . ext . helicopter - day Edward be sit comfortably in the helicopter as it pass over the decaye shipyard . he stare down at it thoughtfully . int . live room - evening vivian be stand in front of the glass window , look out at the city , drink a glass of champagne . the doorbell ring . startle , she spill some champagne on she hand . she turn and look at the door , edgy . it ring again . lick the champagne from she hand , she walk across the room and up the stair to the door . she open it . William be stand outside with a small briefcase . _ william hello again . vivian ( nervously ) hi. william I take it Edward be not back from he little helicopter trip ? vivian no . they wait quietly for a moment , vivian expect he to leave and William stand firm . william May I come in ? vivian oh , yeah , sure . William walk past she and down the step into the live room . he spot the open bottle of champagne and walk over to it . william you like drink alone ? vivian sometimes . William pick up a glass . william do you mind ? vivian be obviously uncomfortable in he presence , but she do not feel like she can refuse . vivian no. 107 . William set he briefcase down on the table and pour a full glass . he take a sip . william it 's be a long day . ( pause ) you know Edward 's leave tomorrow , do not you ? william yeah . William take another sip . he open he briefcase and take out a small stack of papers . william m go to leave some papers here for im to take back to New York . he set the papers down on the table and close the briefcase . he walk over to the window and look out . he take another sip . william great view . Lord Harris sure know how to live , do not he ? vivian Lord Harris ? william just a joke . between I and Ed . this must be quite _a change for a hooker off thé boulevard . vivian say nothing . William take a long drink and go back to the bottle for a refill . he stare at vivian . william you be a very pretty girl , vivian . too pretty for the street . vivian be silent . William stalk closer to she . he take a drink . william what do you make a week ? five hundred ? even that ? vivian 's tone of voice suddenly become hostile . vivian what 's it to you ? william with the right manager you could make a lot of money . more than Edward 's give you . much more than you can make on the street . 108 . vivian I do not like manager . I do not like people make money off I . William smile . william you _got a mean streak in you . do not you ? maybe that 's what Edward like about you . he take a sip and turn away . william there 's nothing to get hostile about . I have some friend who run a nice service . they be not like the pimp you find on the street . they do not muscle you . they just help you . sure , they take a cut , but since you be make a lot more money you will not even think about vivian yeah , they take they cut . then they sell you they shitty overpriced dope . then they rent you they lace ... they let you use one of heir car . then they tell you they need a bigger cut , and the dope cost more , too . but do not worry , they will lend you the money ' till you next job . yeah , they will help you . they will elp fuck you . well , no thanks . I only want to get fuck by one person at a time . William 's face sour . he downs he champagne quickly and set the glass down on the table . obviously strain to keep he voice calm , he turn to vivian . william how long have you be on the street , vivian ? vivian ( quietly ) six year . william I read in the paper once that the average life expectancy for a street hooker be twenty - seven . vivian I do not read the paper . 109 . william do not you like it here ? you get you champagne , you nice rodeo drive dress , you view . be not this nice ? vivian say nothing . she turn away from he . william what be you , go to do when Edward 's finish with you ? go back to the street ? you be too pretty for that . you be just waste yourself . a couple of year fuck nigger and drug pusher and you face will be ruin . vivian just get out here . ( desperately ) do Edward want you here ? I do not think he would like it if you be talk to I like this . William half laugh . william Edward ? oh , now I get it . it 's start to make sense . you do not think Edward 's go to get rid of you , do you ? what do you think ? you think Edward 's go to keep you ? ( intensely ) do not you know what a cold bastard he be ? he 's not go to keep you . vivian ( yell ) I know ! william ( angrily ) then what 's you problem ? I be try to help you ! vivian spin and stare at he furiously . vivian I do not want you help ! I do not like you . I would rather fuck nigger and drug pusher than fuck you ! William slap she hard across the face . william do not talk to I like that , whore . vivian buckle over , hold she face in pain . William stare at she , seethe . 110 . william Fine . go back to the street . end up dead in a dumpster . what do I care ? he turn to start to leave , but as he do vivian leap at he , pound he from behind . William turn and slap she hard again . he slap she again . vivian keep punch he . vivian you fucker ! you fucker ! in the background , Edward open the door and enter the room . he see the two of they fight . for a moment he be confuse , but then he hurry down the step and run to they . edward cut it out ! what 's go on ?! vivian roughly claw William with she fingernails . Edward pull she away from he . William , blood drip from he cheek , lunge at she and slap she again . Edward punch William hard in the stomach . William buckle over in pain . Edward pull vivian further away and let go of she . as Edward move toward William , William straighten with a angry look on he face . william that little bitch ! William be about to rush toward vivian again when Edward slug he square on the chin . William stop cold and sway in dizzied pain . Edward grab he ‘ey the shoulder and drag he up the step to the front door . liam , daze , do not resist . Edward toss he out into the hallway . he follow he and close the door . vivian stand alone , stunne , hold she face in pain . int . hallway - day Edward roughly throw William up against the wall . edward what the fuck be you do ? William grit he tooth . 111. william that 's some nasty little cunt you find . edward yeah , I kind of like she . what the fuck be you do with she ? william I come to drop off some papers and she start pissing I of edward what ? do you make a pass at she ? william no. edward well , whatever it be , you look pretty stupid . he take William by the chin and turn he head so that he can see the cut from vivian 's nail . william yeah , I feel pretty stupid . Nice right hook you get . Edward smile and pat William on the shoulder . edward so , what would you bring I ? william the treatment license bid . try to read it by next week . edward I would invite you in for a drink , but I do not think it would be a good idea . william no . that 's alright . ( grin ) I get to go get a tetanus shot . he wipe the blood from he face with a handkerchief . william oh , I need my briefcase , if you would be so kind ... Edward open the door and go back into the room . int . live room - night Edward come down the step and cross to the dining table . he grab William 's briefcase . 112 . vivian be sit on the couch , unmove . Edward walk up the step and toss the briefcase out to William . william have a nice trip tomorrow . edward I will . Edward close the door . he turn and look at vivian . she seem freeze . Edward walk up to the couch and sit next to she . edward you alright ? vivian speak with a icily calm voice . vivian why do guy always know how to hit a girl ? wham , right across the cheek . Nice and high so it feel like you eye be go to explode . pimp , cop , even little asshole lawyer in suit and tie . they all hit you the same . what do they do , take all the boy aside in high school and show they how ? edward no one 's go to hit you anymore . vivian nobody need to . he already do a good enough job . edward I be sorry about that . I do not know what get into he . vivian slowly stand up . vivian I would better go . edward go ? you do not have to go . you do not do anything | wrong . I kick Bill out . we have still get one night together . vivian no . I want to go . I hate it here . I want to go home . Edward stand . edward alright . I understand . 113 . Edward reach into he jacket and pull out a long gray envelope . E dward here . I be go to give you this tomorrow , but I will give it to you now . it 's three thousand . he hold it out to she , vivian do not take it . vivian you can take out five hundred for tonight . Edward take she hand and put the envelope in it . he finger around it . edward do not be silly . take it all . I may be petty about money , but I be not that etty . you earn it . eat ) I be soeey about what happen . I be sorry you will not stay , understand . vivian stare down at the envelope . her eye moisten . vivian you be the nicest guy I have ever know . edward then stay . vivian I do not know . edward stay tonight . not for the gmoney . not because you have to . stay because you want to . close he he take she chin in he hand and kiss she on the lip . as he pull back we can see vivian debate . vivian I do not know . I just ... do not think so . my face hurt real bad and I do not feel so good . it 's start to swell up . edward we do not have to make love . you can just sleep here and have breakfast in the morning . then I will get you a cab before I go to the airport . vivian I be kind of tired . 114 . edward then stay . vivian nod . she carefully set the envelope down on the coffee table . int . bedroom - night in the darken bedroom vivian and Edward lie together . Edward sleep deeply , peacefully , with vivian 's back cuddle in close to he chest , he arm over she body . vivian , she face swollen and puffy from the blow she receive , stare into space , sleepless . she take Edward 's limp hand in she hand and carefully examine it . the finger , the palm , the tiny hair on the back . she pull it in close to she body and hold it tightly . she kiss the finger . in a low , barely audible voice she say : vivian I ... love you . almost as if she want to hear what it sound like . Edward stir a little but continue to sleep . vivian stare off again , she eye fill with desperate long . what she have say to a sleep hand she would never dare say to he face . she know only too well that he reply would not be " I love you , too " . there be nothing she can offer this man . nothing that would hold he . yet there be a emptiness inside she this night that she cannot bear . if she cannot have he last love , at least she could have a moment of company . she roll over and start to kiss he . Edward stir . edward what ? go back to sleep . she continue to kiss he , rub she hand over he body . vivian make love to I . make love to I , please . Edward sigh and smile sleepily . he return she kiss . int . bedroom - morning Edward , fully dress in a suit , be pack he bag . vivian , dress in she pink outfit , finger she clothes in the closet . she have a nasty blue and purple bruise across she cheek and under she eye . it be cover with makeup , but with little success . Edward be the model of a hurried businessman prepare for he return trip . edward ; we be run little behind . I have to be at l.a.x. in two hour . 115 . he look over at vivian , who be stare forlornly at she clothes . he try to understand why she look so sad . edward what 's the matter ? vivian do ... do you want to take this back ? edward of course not . they be yours . pack they up . vivian smile . Edward turn and close he suitcase . edward all except the fur , of course . that 's rent . vivian pause . she look at the beautiful fur coat hang on the rac edward damn , i_forgot all about that thing . I have get to send it back before I go to the airport . bring it along as we go down . vivian pull the fur from the hanger . from she eye we can tell that it be go to be very difficult for she to part with it . int . live room - day Edward carry he suitcase out into the live room . he set they down and pick up the phone . he dial the lobby . edward could I have a bellboy come up and help I with some bag ? yes. penthouse . he set the phone down . vivian come into the room , carry a few long thin clothes box that she have pack she thing into . on top of they be the fur . edward when the bellboy come I will ask he to get you a cab , or ... vivian stand emotionlessly , the box hold tightly in she arm . Edward be debate something . dward oh , what the hell . you want I to give you a ride ? would that be better than a taxi ? 116 . vivian ( quietly ) I do not want to make you late . edward I think we have time . I just drop the car off at the airport and take the plane . the ticket be reserve . yes , let 's do it that way . I can drop off the fur on the way . the doorbell ring . edward come in ! a bellboy come in with a small cart . Edward point toward he bag and the bellboy go to pick they up . as the bellboy load the thing onto the cart , Edward glance around the room to see if anything have be 1 éft . he notice the envelope with the money in it . he pick it up and put it in he jacke int . HOTEL lobby - day as the elevator open the bellboy emerge with Edward 's and vivian 's bag Edward walk straight to the main desk . vivian stand in the lobby , hold the fur in she arm . she look around the room , take it all in for one last time . Edward hand he key to the clerk . edward be everything take care of ? clerk yes sir , I believe so . let I just check the phone bill . Edward stand impatiently . Mr. ' Thomas , on patrol through the lobby , see vivian and walk to she . mr . thomas well , today 's the day . I will miss you , miss vivian . ope you have a nice stay . vivian be nervous and edgy . vivian oh , yes . it be nice . mr . thomas so you will be go to New York with Mr. Harris ? 117 . vivian no. back home . Hollywood . mr . thomas oh. he notice the bruise on she face . mr . thomas ( concerned ) where do you get that bruise ? vivian touch she face guiltily . vivian oh . I bump into something . be not that dumb ? Mr. Thomas see through this obvious lie . vivian be shaking nervously . mr . thomas you be tremble . be there anything the matter ? can I help you in any way ? vivian be about to say something when Edward come up behind they . edward all set . let 's go . Mr. Thomas nod slightly to Edward . _ mr. thomas Mr. Harris . edward yes . we have get to run . come on , vivian . vivian seem reluctant to leave . vivian . could ... I get some cigarettes ? I need one . Edward look a trifle annoyed . edward we be in a rush . _ vivian they be just over there . she point to the dry good store . 118 . h edward ( sighing ) alright . vivian and Edward head toward the store . vivian glance back at Mr. Thomas , who be still watch she , concerned . vivian bye . thanks for everything . int . dry good store - day vivian be stand in front of the counter . Edward be gaze at a magazine rack . vivian Virginia slim light . the clerk set the cigarettes down on the counter . Edward quickly toss he a couple dollar . Edward pull a woman 's magazine from the rack and show the cover to vivian . on it be a stunningly beautiful young woman . edward that 's Cindy . vivian take she cigarettes and stare at the cover . vivian she 's ... beautiful . edward she 's very little . just over five foot . but she 's get the best body . it 's perfect , and she face ... you can see . he toss the magazine back onto the rack and start to lead she out . edward dumber than a doornail , though . I guess they beat the intelligence out of you in finish school . as they exit , vivian glance back to the smile face on the magazine . ext . beverly wilshire HOTEL driveway - day Edward and vivian come out of the hotel to they wait car . the bellboy have finish pack the bag in the trunk . Edward tip he . the valet open the door and Edward and vivian get in . Edward tip the valet . they shut the door . the mercede drive off . 119 . int . mercede - day as Edward drive the car down wilshire , vivian be nervously smoking a cigarette , the fur be in she lap and she be unconsciously stroking it . edward how don do you think it will take to rom beverly Hills to hol swood vivian I do not know for sure . ten minute or something . Edward glance at he watch . edward and a hour to get to the airport . ( shaking he head ) I do not know why I always cut this thing so close . Edward slow the car down as they approach a parking spot in front of the furrier . he pull in and stop e@ car . dward I will just run in and get rid of this . he reach over and take the fur from vivian . vivian quickly turn she head away . Edward notice . edward what 's the matter ? vivian noth and . Edward stare at the back of she head for a moment and then decide he do not have time to pursue it . he get out of the car . as she watch Edward take the fur into the store , tear roll down vivian 's cheek . she take a drag from she cigarette . she stashes it out in the car 's ashtray . within second , Edward be back out of the store . he round the car and jump in . edward alright . that 's do . Edward put the car into gear and drive off . now vivian be cry harder . so much that she can not conceal she sob . Edward glance over at she , concerned and annoyed at the same time . 120 . edward now what ? what 's the matter ? vivian be cry hard . she can not talk . Edward continue to drive on . edward Jesus . what be it ? can you tell I why you be upset now ? damn it , I do not even know how to get back to Hollywood . vivian ( choke it out ) just go straight ! edward what happen to you ? be it the fur ? you do not expect I to let you keep it , do you ? it be rent . vivian ( still cry ) just forget it ! vivian try to control herself . she wipe she eye and manage to stop the tear . edward be that it ? the fur ? vivian just stop it ! why do you always pick at I ? I do not want to talk . you always make I talk . edward I just want to know what 's go on . if you be unhappy and there be something I can do ... vivian yes ! I love that fur ! now leave I alone . edward vivian . I do not mean it to end like this . I mean , be reasonable . fhat 's a twenty thousand dollar you . vivian I do not say I want it . I know you be go to take it back . okay ? I be not dumb ! I know I could not have it . you ask I why I be cry and I tell you ! Edward be quiet for a_ moment . vivian have manage to control she cry . she stare coldly ahead . 121 . vivian make a leave on highland . right there . Edward turn the car and they head up highland . Edward 's face be tense . edward look , if you really want a fur , I will buy you a fur . that one be just too expensive . would you like a fur ? vivian no . just take I home . edward I will get you a fur . I will miss my plane , but if it will make yee stop cry I will buy you something . vivian ( angril I be not cry anymore . edward God damn it , vivian . I will buy you a fur . a nice one . just it can not be that one . that one 's too much . I will get you the silver mink you try on first . I will throw away a few thousand . okay ? I do not know what the fuck you plan to do with one on Hollywood boulevard , but ... vivian leave I alone ! I don't want anything from you ! Edward slam on the brake . the car stop hard . vivian stare at he defiantly . vivian you want I to walk home !? I will walk home ! it 's three mile but I will walk ! edward I do not want you to walk ! I want you to stop yell ! vivian turn from he and stare out she window . Edward take a deep breath and start the car up again . vivian stare out the window . they be leave the nice , well - tend home of hancock Park and be approach the street of Hollywood . they be both tensely silent as Edward drive on . vivian begin to cry softly . 122. Edward listen to she with annoyance , but resist the impulse to say anything . they approach Hollywood Blvd. and Edward make a right . as vivian stare out the window of the mercede she see the grimy street and the shabby people mixing with the occasional tourist . as they continue down the street toward vivian 's section of the boulevard we will see less and less tourist and even shabbier - look people . the street become more grim and irty . vivian be sobbing harder now , try to control herself but unable . Edward , get madder as it grow louder , finally urst . edward I do not know why you have _to do this to I . we have a wonderful time together and now you have to ruin it . vivian grit she tooth and try not to say anything . Edward , now that he 's get it out of he system , adopt a slightly gentler tone as he continue to lecture she . edward you should have tell I you like the fur so much . I could have get you something yesterday - it 's really a stupi hing to cry about . you know I bent over backwards to make thing pleasant for you and it 's just a shame that you be go to spoil it all by eing unreasonable . the street they pass be now fill mostly with drug dealer , a occasional prostitute , and various homeless tramp . vivian stare out the window at the destitution outside , she eye fix and red . she be on the verge of a nervous breakdown . edward this be about the area . do you want I to leave boo she , or do you have a place near vivian say nothing . edward vivian ? where do you want I to let you off ? vivian scream hysterically . she seem to have suddenly go crazy . she start pound the roof of the car with she fist . Edward guickly pull the car over to the curb and stop it . vivian be still scream and pound . edward vivian ! vivian , CUT it out ! 123. Edward grab she by the wrist and try to stop she from pound the ceiling . instead she start pound he . edward get out ! get out of the car ! vivian continue to pound he for a moment , but then she break down and start to sob limply . edward you be out of you mind . you be insane ! vivian be cry . edward I have have enough of this . get out of the car . vivian do not move . edward get out of the car ! when she still do not move , Edward throw open he door and get out . ext . hollywood blvd - continuous Edward walk around the car and open the trunk . he pull out vivian 's few box of clothes and set they down on the curb . he shut the trunk . he walk over to the passenger door and open it . edward ( firmly ) get out . vivian do not move . she be still cry . edward do not make I regret ever pick you up . now please , get out of the car . have to go . Edward grab she by the hand and start to pull she from the car . vivian explode again and start hit and kick he . Edward forcibly drag she from the car and then throw she to the ground . he slam the door shut . as vivian hit the ground she begin to cry again , too weak to fight anymore . Edward look down at she . he take the money envelope from he jacket and hold it out to she . 124 . edward here , take it . it 's you money . vivian ( sobbing in fit ) I do not want it . just go away . edward take it . vivian no. edward you will regret it tomorrow if you do not take it . you will regret it the minute I drive away . vivian do not say anything . Edward lay the envelope down on the sidewalk in front of she . he turn and walk around the car . vivian lie freeze for a moment and then suddenly snap alive as she hear the sound of he car door open and close . she grab the envelope and crush it in she hand . she leap at the car and start smash she fist against it and the window . vivian go to hell ! I hate you ! I hate you money ! I hate it ! we see a flash of Edward 's face as he stare at vivian pound on he window . she 's completely lose she mind . he put the car in gear and push on the accelerator . vivian be still pound as the car pull away . in a final gesture of rage she throw the envelope at the car and it break open as the car peel off . the money scatter across the gutter as the car drive away . vivian fall to she knee , weak and cry . across the street various shabby - look people stare at vivian and the money . vivian be on she hand and knee sobbing . she can barely breathe . she be completely break . she wipe the tear from she cheek . she look down the street . the mercede be go . for a brief moment she be still , freeze like a statue . she reach down in the gutter and start to pick up the money . dissolve to : 125 . ext . bus - day a old Greyhound bus drive down the freeway from Los Angeles . it move easily through the traffic . a small sign over the windshield read : disneyland . int . bus - day vivian and kit be sit in the bus . kit be sit next to the window , look outside with a warm , happy smile . she be so excited she can barely stand it . kit could I get one of that balloon ? you know , with the ear ? vivian_sits next to kit stare off with utterly blank and empty eye . the side of she cheek be still bruise . she be wearin er mint green dress , but she hair be poorly do and lie limply around she pale face . kit cough . kit oh , I guess that 's stupid . that be for kid . vivian blink and glance over at kit , tired . vivian no , babe . you can have a balloon . one with the ear . kit smile happily and look back out the window . vivian stare emptily ahead . fade out :