by Michael Gordon base on the graphic novel 300 by Frank Miller current revision by Zachary Snyder & kurt johnstad this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . interim draft June 9 , 2005 warner bros . picture inc . '' 2005 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved fade in : flame out of the blackness a flame flicker to life . into this warm light , pair of old and callouse hand bring a baby . | | j | dilios ( v.0 . ) when the boy be bear , like all spartan , he be inspect . the newborn be roughly turn and handle like a piece of fruit . dilios ( v.0 . ) if he have be small or puny or sickly or misshapen , he would have be discard . from a unseen window a wind extinguish the candle plunging we into darkness . dilios ( v.0 . ) from the time he could stand he be baptize in the fire of combat . a boy of three fight he father in mock battle with he mother look on . they duel with wooden sword , but this be not a game . the boy 's father knock the sword out of the boy 's hand with force , then push he to the ground . the boy grit he tooth , scramble in the dusty ground for he sword , then rise ready to fight , he eye wide and intense . dilios ( v.0 . ) taught never to retreat , never to surrender ... taught that death on the battlefield in service to sparta be the great glory he | could achieve in he life . | the boy , now five , watch he father as he pass he | hand across a three - foot bronze shield . his finger gently trace the dent and scar in the hammer metal . dilios ( v.0 . ) at age 7 , as be customary in sparta , the boy be take from he mother and plunge into a world of ) violence . a woman cry , hold by two other woman . she weep uncontrollably as she son be lead away . her body heaving as she watch he go . ext . spartan courtyard - day a spartan boy of maybe eight be beat by another boy of the same age . dilios ( v.0 . ) * manufacture by 300 year of spartan warrior society to create the finest soldier the world have ever know , the agoge , as it be call , force the boy to fight ... time slow : blood spray from he mouth as he be strike again and again and again . dilios ( v.0 . ) * starves they , force they to steal and if necessary , to kill . the boy stand out of breath , he body gleam with sweat . blood drip from he fist . * ext . spartan courtyard - day a boy of eleven be tie at the wrist . his face press against a column as a handful of muscular , grim - face soldier watch . his back already bleed as he be whipped again . his face be stone , emotionless . dilios ( v.0 . ) * by rod and lash the boy be punish , teach to show no pain , teach to show no mercy . ext . pindos mountain - dusk Blue light crouch on black rock . snow drift , defy gravity . a hand , blister by the cold , clamor and climb . the hand belong to the boy , now twelve . dilios ( v.0 . ) * constantly test , toss into the wild . Left to pit he wit and will against nature 's fury . though starve and freezing , there be a nobility in the boy 's gaze . though he body shake , he homespun tunic no match for the bitter cold , he be defiant . ( continued ) | | continued : dilios ( v.0 . ) he would survive on root , bug and rodent , and now he be freezing to death . it be he initiation -.. he time in the wild ... for he would return to he people a spartan , or not at all . the boy stumble into a clear surround on three side by the stone face of the canyon . he stand , peer into the gather din . he grip the spear , lightly move it back and forth from hand to hand . the spear be little more than a child 's toy , a sharpen stick . the boy' eye search the tree line , the darkness move ... shadow glide on muscle and sinew . dilios ( v.0 . ) he hear a low growl . the hair on he arm stand up . cold , hungry , defenseless . he be prey . it track the boy and he know it . dilios ( v.0 . ) the wolf begin to circle the boy . claw of black steel , fur as dark as night , eye glow red ... jewel from the pit of hade itself . the wolf breathes in misty cloud , the swirl snow print against its black fur . growling as it move closer , circle , hunt . we see : the boy from between a narrow cut in the rock , just large enough for he to squeeze through . his eye be calm . his body have stop shaking . he see the crack in the black stone , and turn slowly , almost casually , toward it . dilios ( v.0 . ) the giant wolf ... sniff ... drool ... savore the scent of the meal to come . do the boy run ? do he cower ? do he cry ? no ... not this boy . he be calm . the beast pause , load to spring . the boy leap through the cut in the rock . the wolf pounce , howling as it charge ! ( continued ) continued : its jaw be inch from the boy 's neck as he fall backward through the wound in the rock . the beast 's body be stop cold in the tight space . thrash , the wolf be pin by the unforgive stone . the boy rise slowly . dilios ( v.0 . ) * it be not fear that grip he , only a heighten sense of thing . the snow drift around he foot . time slow . the wolf 's jaw gnash ! the boy exhales slowly . dilios ( v.0 . ) * the cold air in he lung . the leafless poplar move against the come night . his eye look back toward the wolf , he nod he respect , then raise he spear . dilios ( v.0 . ) * his hand be steady , he form | perfect . the cloud part , and the just rise crescent moon , warm on the horizon , cast a shadow of the angry wolf on the cold rock . the boy set himself , then strike . ext . spartan courtyard - day a spartan helmet land heavily in the snow - cover courtyard , follow by the thick - muscle frame of a spartan general , who , after go to he knee , bow he head to the snow . stand before he be the boy , drape in the freshly dress pelt of a black wolf . as other enter the courtyard , they too fall to they knee , * shout ! Spears be raise . | cry of joy and reverence be hear as the boy raise he chin . é . dilios ( v.0 . ) * so the boy , give up for dead , return to he people , to sacred sparta , a King ... | ext . the campfire of war - night dozen of spartan hoplite sit and stand , transfix by the agitate pace spartan whose fist be raise in dramatic punctuation . this be dilios ( 28 ) , the storyteller . his gift . his curse . to conjure from he memory , from he imagine , that which man forget , but need to remember . dilios ... we King ! leonidas ! the man visible in the firelight , and countless other in the darkness beyond ... pound they shield in unison and cry as one . spartan leonidas ! leonidas ! leonidas ! a hush fall over the band of spartan warrior , they face hard , body oile for war . all listen as dilios pause . his voice lower . dilios it have be more than thirty year since the wolf and the winter cold , and now , as then , a beast approach , patient , and confident , savore the meal to come . but this beast be make of man and horse , sword and spear . dilios scan he audience . the light from the fire move across the cape of crimson and helmet of bronze . dilios be a grim orator . his scar and ruddy face bear witness to he own story . dilios it be a army of slave , vast beyond imagine , ready to devour tiny Greece . ready to snuff out the world 's one hope for reason and justice . there be brewing anger in the eye of he listener . dilios set he gaze to the fire . dilios the beast approach , and it be King leonidas himself who provoke it . ext . greek countryside colorful Persian banner SNAP ! pull taut in the wind . the earth be overturn under the charge of the company of War horse . archer , swordsmen and shadowed form . rider all cover in thin pattern robe of gold and blue , embroider silk , braid belt with long - shoulder cape flow . into the sunless dry scrub and wood where the path curve dark and cool they ride on ... they ride on ! ext . sparta no wall surround sparta . the building have no flower column , no carve arch , no flute gable , no record date and wreathe tribute to the dead . no , this be sparta . this be the simple elegance of a unadorn shelter . we see : the mount Persian column appear in the stillness of the morning . a massive black horse rear and drop its frame , dust curling around its hoof . a persian messenger with scar face and sharpen tooth of gold settles the horse . his 20 men-at -arm fill in along he side . messenger I bring word from the great xerxes , conqueror of all the world . the spartan sentries approach , slowly . one step forward and sniff the air , mock the Persian force . sentry # 1 could we offer you a bath , Persian ? we hear : laughter from the other spartan stand nearby . sentry # 2 I be sure we woman have a perfume you will find agreeable . the Persian Messenger pull at the leather rein of he mount , sink the bit into the horse 's foam mouth . messenger Greek arrogance ! it will be the death of you all . if it be not for diplomacy , I would rip the breath from you lung . ( continued ) i continued : he turn the horse in a tight circle and look out at the citizen of sparta who be milling about , helot farmer , mason , woman and child watch as the Messenger glare down at they . messenger show I you King . sentry # 1 we King be a busy man . the Persian Messenger reach into a wax canvas bag that lay across the horse 's neck . we see : the jewele crown of conquer nation . the Messenger lift at the rope run through the bone - white eye socket of a half - dozen human skull . messenger this king be busy man once . the Messenger kick at he horse , hold the skull and royal headdress for all to see . messenger be afraid . sparta will burn to the ground . only the word of King leonidas can save it . ext . spartan garden we hear : the flutter of hummingbird against the pale stone wall cover , thick and dark , with ivy and wild lilac . king leonidas ( 40 ) , strong and lean , a king , a warrior , a father , roll on the ground in simulate combat with he six - year - old boy , pleistarchos . leonidas remember , my son . the more you sweat here the less you will bleed in battle . the boy dive at he father , miss the King 's leg . leonidas follow you instinct . leonidas smile . leonidas Act without hesitation . ( continued ) continued : again the boy tackle and they tumble over each other into the soft grass . leonidas hesitation create fear . they wrestle on ... continue one of the ancient ritual of father and son . leonidas fear be always a constant . but accept it will make you stronger . leonidas spin and grab the boy' leg , pull he to the ground . leonidas look across the garden to see he wife , queen gorgo ( 28 ) , with she athletic frame , watch the two of they . leonidas in the end , a spartan 's true strength be the warrior next to he . give respect and honor and it will be return to you . leonidas roil the boy to he back . leonidas first , you fight with you head . we see : a spartan , leonidas ' captain ( 45 ) , broad - shoulder and fiercely loyal , speak to gorgo near the stone pillar of the compound . pleistarchos arch , slip free and reverse to he father 's back . . gorgo then you fight with you heart . gorgo lift pleistarchos off of he father . leonidas what be it ? gorgo you father have thing to attend to . leonidas rise to he foot . leonidas ( to pleistarchos ) bring I my sword . ( continued ) continued : the boy nod and go . gorgo a Persian messenger await you . pleistarchos return with a simple short sword of iron , its handle inlaid carnelian and amber . leonidas arm himself and lean down , kissing he son on the forehead . leonidas do not forget today 's lesson . pleistarchos respect and honor . ext . marketplace the Persians wait in the full heat of the sun , watch by spartan guard . free woman and child pass the narrow street , carry electrum vase , all shape and size of glass and terra-cotta water vessel . theron , 36 , a spartan councilman with noble feature , a body of lean muscle and pierce eye , retire from the battlefield for a life in politics , stand and speak freely with the Messenger from the East as leonidas and gorgo approach . gorgo councilman , you have find yourself need , for once . theron allow the comment to disappear into the sound of the market . theron my King and Queen , I be just entertaining you guest . leonidas I be sure . leonidas stand before the Persian Messenger . leonidas before you speak , Persian , know that in sparta everyone , even a king 's messenger , be hold accountable for the word of he voice . now , what message do you bring ? ( continued ) | i | 10 . continued : the Messenger open he great arm , palm to the azure sky . messenger Earth and water ! leonidas narrow he eye . leonidas you ride all the way from persia for earth and water ? the Persian hold to he message study the King 's face . gorgo do not be coy or stupid , Persian . you can afford neither in sparta . the Persian turn to gorgo , never have be speak to by a woman in this tone . messenger what make this woman think she can speak among man ? gorgo because only spartan woman give birth to real man . the Persian must swallow he pride along with the insult before he man . leonidas let we walk to cool we tongue . leonidas turn away , leave the rest to follow the King 's step . messenger if you value you life over you complete annihilation , listen carefully , leonidas . xerxes conquer and control everything that he eye rest upon . the Messenger throw a look to gorgo and continue . messenger he lead a force so massive it shake the earth with its march . its number so vast it drink the river dry . ( continued ) 11 . continued : the spartan bodyguard watch the Persians carefully . messenger all the god-ke xerxes require be this , a simple offer of earth and water . a token of sparta 's submission to the will of xerxes . leonidas stop in he track ... leonidas submission ...? that 's a bit of a problem . rumor have it the athenian have already turn you down . and if that philosopher and boy lover find that kind of nerve ... theron move forward . theron we must be diplomatic . leonidas raise he hand . leonidas . and spartan have they reputation to consider . messenger choose you next word carefully , leonidas . they may be you last as king . leonidas look away from the Messenger 's eye and scan the Persian bodyguard , assess they strength . time slow for we King . he watch the freedom of he people . we hear : the sound of children' laughter . the simple pure life each have build for themselves . the word " earth and water " form quietly on he lip . he look to he Queen , mother of he child . time unwrap -- as leonidas stare at the Messenger . in one motion the King draw he sword , bring it to the Persian 's neck . ( continued ) | | | | 12 . continued : messenger madman ... you be a madman ! the spartan guard quickly follow they King and hold they weapon to the Persian force before they . leonidas Earth and water . leonidas begin to back the Persian messenger up towards a deep open well . leonidas you will find plenty of both down there . messenger no man , Persian or Greek , no man threaten a messenger . leonidas you bring the crown and head of conquer king to my city step . you insult my Queen . you threaten my people with slavery and death . I have choose my word carefully , Persian . I hear you message clearly . it be that of a war party ! leonidas touch he sword onto the dark flesh of the Messenger . messenger this be blasphemy ! theron raise he hand in a desperate attempt to stop leonidas . theron this be madness . leonidas have the messenger 's heel hang above the void of the well . the Persians eye the spartan nervously . we see : the sword lowering from the Persian 's neck . theron relax , think reason have prevaile . a warm wind play against the King 's robe . leonidas look at gorgo , she nod , know full well what that nod bring to she King and sparta . and with one great push against the Persian 's chest ... leonidas madness ? this be sparta ! ( continued ) 13 . continued : the Messenger 's body fall away ... deep ... deep into the circular chasm . theron step back as the spartan man unleash they savagery . Persian after Persian follow the first , rest where even they faint cry for mercy can not be hear . ext . a rocky cliff above sparta - night lit by the almost full moon , leonidas climb hard , with clench tooth , the steep rock face inaccessible to most . a foot slip . rock come loose . his grip tighten and he climb on , finally pull himself and he sixty - pound leather satchel onto a small ledge where a cloak figure stand . the wind push and pull the torchlight this way and that . this be a ephor , a priest of the old god , deform by breeding . his face and body be cover with boil and lesion . his eye be bleach white under the hood of black . dilios ( v.0 . ) the ephors . Priests to the Old god , inbred swine , more creature than man . creature whom even a king must bribe ... and bed . ephor # 1 welcome , leonidas . we have be expect you . the FIRE roar in protest at the end of the torch . the ephor turn and begin to climb a impossible set of stair hewn out of the rock of the mountain . leonidas shoulder the satchel and start after he ungracious host up the stair , which circle around a finger of rock toward a simple stone temple that glow at the summit . int . ephor ' temple - night oil lantern cast a warm light on EIGHT ephor , all as decrepit as they brother , who stand around leonidas as he hastily lay out he plan . at the center of the temple be a low stone box fill with fine sand use by the ephors to sketch down that which be fleeting to man and even more fleeting to the god . leonidas pull a wooden block across the sand to smooth its surface . then , with he finger , he begin to draw . ( continued ) 14 , continued : leonidas the Persians claim they force number in the million . I hope , for we sake , they exaggerate . one of the ephors interrupt the King , he arm cross , he blister face stern . ephor # 2 you insult the god with you arrogance , leonidas . we be not a council of man . we serve the god , not the whim of a King . before you plan be hear , what do you offer ? leonidas be mid-line , draw he battle plan in the sand . he look up at the hood figure . he lift a finger slowly from the sand . he duck the leather strap of he satchel and toss it at the foot of the ephors . the gold spill out onto the stone floor . dipping he finger back into the sand , leonidas sketches a primitive map . leonidas we will use we superior fight skill and the terrain of Greece herself to destroy they . we will march North to the coast . I will ... ephor # 1 it be August , leonidas . the full moon approach . ephor # 2 the sacred and ancient festival . sparta wage no war at the time of the carneia . leonidas be desperate , almost angry . he search the dead eye of the ephors . leonidas sparta will burn ! her man will die at arm , and she woman and child will be slave or worse . this be not a campaign for land or rich . it be a fight for we very life ! ( continued ) 15 . continued : leonidas plunge he finger back into the sand and draw a line run perpendicular to he line represent the coast . leonidas we will block the Persian coastal assault by replace the great stone wall , build by the phocian to protect Greece two hundred year ago , and funnel they into the mountain pass we call the hot Gates . leonidas hold he hand up in front of he face as if they be the hot Gates themselves . leonidas in that narrow corridor they number will count for nothing . the King pound he fist into he open hand . leonidas xerxes ' loss will be so great , he man so demoralize , he will have no choice but to abandon he campaign . the ephors move uneasily , look back and forth between each other . leonidas be mystify by they silence . ephor # 1 we must consult the Oracle . trust the god , leonidas . leonidas I would prefer you trust you reason . the ephor snap back at leonidas , point a misshapen finger at the kneel King . ephor # 1 you blasphemy have cost we quite enough already . do not compound they . we will consult the oracle . the ephors turn away . leonidas follow they . carve into the stone , under a dome ceiling , be a altar . it be a stage fashioned to look like the hand of a God . in its palm , a beautiful young girl move hypnotically . ( continued ) 16 . continued : around the altar the ephors stoke small fire which burn green with the smell of sulfur , careful not to breathe the smoke themselves , they retreat to the shadow . dilios ( v.0 . ) disease old mystic ... worthless remnant of a time before sparta 's ascent from darkness ... remnant of a senseless tradition . tradition even leonidas can not defy , for he must respect the word of the ephors . that be the law . leonidas watch as the vapor engulf the girl . she begin to shake and convulse , she body thinly veile by the sheerest of fabric . the firelight behind she reveal the beauty of she form and the tragedy of she plight . dilios ( v.0 . ) - and no spartan , subject or citizen , man or woman , slave or King , be above the law . then , through the darkness -- drum ! the girl 's eye roll back . her body heave and writhes . she moan and drool , she hip thrust , she chest heaving . she -- cry ! through she pleasure and pain . the beat of the drum quicken , as do the violence of she rapture . her veil cling to she sweaty form until finally she cry out ! drum stop , and she collapse . after a moment , the ephors run in extinguish the fire . one of the ephors lean close to the Oracle as another pull a wooden block across the sand , erase the King 's plan . dilios ( v.0 . ) the ephors choose only the most beautiful spartan girl to live among they as oracle . they beauty be they curse , for the old wretch have the need of man ... and soul as black as hell . her breathe be shallow . the old ephor can not resist let he tongue lick across the Oracle 's neck , taste she salty skin , before he turn he deform ear to she mouth , which whisper in trance . as he listen , he speak in a ancient language speak only by ephors . she speak as he translate . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ephor # 1 pray to the wind . sparta will fall . all Greece will fall . trust not in man . honor the god . honor the carneia . leonidas show nothing . a wind howl through the column of the open temple . he look into the face of the ephors , then turn into the darkness and be go . dilios ( v.0 . ) the King 's climb down be harder . pompous inbred swine ... worthless , disease , rotten ... int . the ephor ' temple - moment later gold fall in shower . printed onto the coin be the likeness of a Persian God or man . dilios ( v.0 . ) - corrupt ... the ephors kneel , run they hand through the great pile of gold . stand in the firelight , be theron . at he side , a large persian , he body crisscross with chain and giant lock of ancient iron , toss a handful of gold onto the pile . . theron turn to the Persian . theron leonidas will not march . the word of the Oracle be final . persian what of you spartan Council ? could they not vote to ignore this mystic ' word . theron the member of that Council be as superstitious as they be old . you gold be well spend . when I be make ruler or all Greece and sparta be its capital , she people and army will serve the God King well . persian you have only to remove the spartan Queen and its heir for you plan to be complete . ( continued ) # 18 . continued : theron you need not instruct I in the course of my own treachery . this plan be bear long before xerxes turn he eye to Greece . it rise from my hatred of leonidas 's measure judgment ... it rise from my envy of he skill in battle ... it rise from my lust for the warmth of he young bride . ail the hate in my soul will find itself manifest on he house , and he victory , he love , he freedom , he very blood will lie in ruin at my foot . theron turn to the ephors . theron this be but a token . great xerxes give he thanks , oh wise and holy Men . you be truly in the God King 's favor now . the Persian smile , he face adorn with gold piercing , he eye pale blue . persian yes , for when sparta burn , you will bathe in gold . Fresh oracle will be deliver to you daily , from every corner of the empire . int . leonidas ' bedchamber - night the waxing gibbous moon shine onto the stone floor of the King 's bedroom . it be a second -story room overlook a small courtyard , Beyond that , edge by moonlight , the roof and house of sleep sparta . leonidas lean on the frame of he balcony doorway , unable to sleep . after a moment he sigh and move to he bed , where he wife gorgo sleep soundly , the sheet down to she waist , revealing she strong feminine back , which shine with the warmth of August . leonidas sit at the edge of the bed and lightly trace he finger along the contour of she body . she stir , and now , sleepily , she stare up at he . ( continued ) 19 . continued : gorgo you lip can finish what you finger have start ... or have the Oracle rob you of you desire as well ? leonidas it would take more than word of a drunken adolescent girl to rob I of my desire for you . apna gorgo smile . the curl of she black hair fall softly across she neck and collarbone . gorgo then why so distant ? leonidas because it seem , though a slave and captive of lecherous old man , the Oracle 's word could set fire to all that I love . she reach up to he , lay she hand to the side of he face . gorgo so that be why my King lose sleep and be force from the warmth of he bed . gorgo furrow she brow in mock concern . gorgo there 's only one woman 's word that should affect the mood of my husband ... and that be mine . he smile , if only briefly . he be in pain and she can see it . leonidas what must a King do to save he world , when the very law he have swear to protect , force he to do nothing ? gorgo sit up . she be tender , yet intense . she look into he eye for a moment , then she expression soften . ( continued ) 20 . continued : gorgo it be not a question of what a spartan citizen should do , nor a husband , nor a King . instead ask yourself , my dearest love , what should a free man do ? he look at she . they be close . the moment stretch and he smile . they kiss and fall back onto the bed . this be love between a spartan King and he Queen . they skin be wet . they mouth hunger . they muscle flex . it be not soft . it be passion personify . they love as they live . ext . spartan barracks the sky be pale and clear to the east as 300 spartan hold rank in a field of golden wheat . leonidas and he Captain walk past the familiar face of dilios , who nod to he king . leonidas be this all of they ? captain as you order . 300 with bear son to carry on they name . a spartan name stelios ( 28 ) , lean and hard - body , speak up from the line of soldier . stelios we be with you , sir , to the death . the Captain turn and bark at stelios . captain hold you tongue , boy ! or I will take you at you word . leonidas make eye contact with stelios , then point to a young spartan , with the soft face of a child near the rear of the pack . leonidas he be you own and too young to have feel a woman 's warmth . leonidas stand before the baby - face warrior . captain I have other to replace he . ( continued ) i 1 1 21 . continued : the Captain stand next to he King , and glance into the eye of he son , astinos ( 18 ) . captain he be as brave and ready as any . no young than we be the first time you stand next to I in battle . leonidas you be a good friend , but a better Captain , there be not . leonidas place he hand on the Captain 's shoulder , as if to mark he selfless act . in the morning light , a group of councilmen be lead forward by theron . elder councilman my good King , the Oracle have speak . the group stand before leonidas , try to gain he attention . councilman the ephors have speak . there must be no march . leonidas continue to view he man with a discipline eye . theron the law , my Lord . the spartan Army must not go to War . leonidas nor shall it . you worry over nothing . theron and the councilman view the assembly of warrior . leonidas I have issue no such order . this 300 be my personal bodyguard . we army will stay in sparta . leonidas look away from he 300 , to he Queen and child who have now join the group . leonidas we will head North . ( continued ) a 22 . continued : gorgo pull she son into she hip . gorgo the hot Gates . leonidas look at he family . elder councilman 4 what do we do ? : theron what can we do ? leonidas you will listen to you queen in my absence . the throne of sparta rest with she . leonidas lift he shield and look back at he 300 man . the Captain nod that he man be ready . leonidas call back to the spartan councilman . leonidas what can you do ? sparta will need * son . leonidas move toward he man , to begin they long march North . gorgo spartan ! leonidas turn to he wife 's voice . leonidas yes , my lady . the Queen walk to he , lift from she neck the simple leather necklace , attach be a wolf fang . her husband 's first boyhood enemy . gorgo come back with you shield ... or on it . leonidas bow slightly , as she pass the necklace over he head . leonidas yes , my lady . there be no tear from she eye , nor tremble in he voice . ( continued ) 23 . continued : dilios ( v.0 . ) * Goodbye , my love . he do not say it . there be no room for softness , not in sparta . no place for weakness . leonidas and he 300 start to march from sparta . dilios ( v.0 . ) * only the hard and strong may call themselves spartan . the King know he will never see she again . he will never see sparta again . they march on ! dilios ( v.0 . ) * only the hard . only the strong . * ext . mountain near sparta on a distant blade of rock , a lone figure , hobble and bent , follow the spartan as they move across the golden field . ext . mountain foothills we hear : the sound of twin flute and goat hide sandal against soil . in silence , they march over the sharp rock and earth , loom steadily , weaving a small shapeless mass of man North . dilios ( v.0 . ) lot * we march . for we land . for we family . for we freedom . on the break ridgeline more man appear , other pocket of strong hoplite from city -states that have hear the call to war . dilios ( v.0 . ) * noisy arcadian greet we with noisy complaint . leonidas lead he man and greet the arcadian . leonidas daxos , a pleasant surprise . daxos , a tree trunk of a man , circular shield strapped to he back , lead the arcadian force . ( continued ) 4 & # 24 . continued : daxos this morning 's full of surprise , leonidas . his man look at the small spartan number and begin to murmur among themselves . arcadian we have be trick ... there can not be more than a few hundred of they ... this be a surprise ... daxos silence . the man settle and listen ... listen carefully to the word that will come . daxos we be tell sparta be on the warpath ! we be eager to join force . leonidas if it be blood you seek , you be welcome to join we . daxos scan the spartan , count quickly the row of man , unmove under the weight of they armor as if carve from the mountain itself . daxos but you bring only this handful against xerxes ? I see I be wrong to expect sparta 's commitment to at least match we own ! leonidas sit atop a smooth , moss - cover stone . leonidas do not it ? leonidas glance to the arcadian . leonidas you there . what be you profession ? a small - frame arcadian step forward . arcadian # 1 I be a potter , sir . leonidas point to another . ( continued ) i / i 25 . continued : leonidas and you , arcadian . what be you profession ? another arcadian respond from group . arcadian # 2 a sculptor , sir . leonidas point again to the crowd . leonidas and you ? arcadian # 3 a blacksmith . again the King point . leonidas you ? arcadian # 4 a baker . leonidas stand , turn to he 300 . leonidas spartan ! what be you profession ? from the silent mass of spartan muscle , 300 spear and sword be raise to the sky , a collective battle cry exit each , thunder and fire that spit forth from they belly . spartan haaawooo ! the spartan weapon lower and raise again and again -- each time the man grow louder with they chant of war . spartan haaawooo ! leonidas nod softly at he man and turn to daxos . leonidas you see , old friend ? I bring more soldier than you do . less 26 . int . gorgo' private garden ( sparta ) - dusk on the ground , simple oil - feed cauldron burn bright , casting shadow that dance along the branch of olive tree . gorgo meet with a spartan loyalist near the garden 's roughly chisele step . loyalist be such secrecy need ? gorgo when be one to trust beyond the wall of they own home ? even here , theron have eye and ear that fuel sparta with doubt and fear . loyalist do not worry . leonidas and he man be strong . gorgo it be not he strength that worry I ... if xerxes be not stop ... loyalist he will be stop . gorgo if Persians advance beyond the harrow to the North , they will leave no one to tell we story . they will grind spartan bone to flour and serve they to they Army . the loyalist reflect on the Queen 's word . gorgo I now bear the weight of the king 's responsibility . if leonidas fight for what he believe , so must I , here in sparta . gorgo stand beneath a arbor of lavender . loyalist I can arrange for you to speak to the Council . many would vote to commit all we have and follow leonidas , but you must show they favor , explain why they King would betray the law of he land . ( continued ) | 27 . continued : gorgo law create by man who have never show valor . loyalist be it recklessness or valor ? without reason the Council can believe either . gorgo watch a spartan guard on horseback ride out of the city into the blackness of night . gorgo I will go to the Council , and if it be reason they want , I will let they know . loyalist know what , my Queen ? gorgo how precious this liberty we enjoy be . why freedom be not free at all . it come with the high of cost . the cost of blood . the loyalist nod in agreement with he Queen . loyalist I will bring together the city 's council , and its chamber will be fill by you voice . the loyalist gather himself and ready to leave . gorgo why do you do this ? loyalist leonidas be my King , as well as yours . the loyalist bow he head and go without sound , leave the Queen to view the star that spread across the obsidian night . ext . greek war camp - night most spartan sleep , huddle near each other , lay over they bronze shield like massive rag doll of war . ( continued ) 28 . continued : the Captain move across the campsite to leonidas . they watch the burst of die spark jump out of the flame and vanish . captain no sleep tonight ? leonidas not for the King . leonidas study the fire . captain too restless ... eager as a youth ... eager as a beardless wet - nose cadet for battle . leonidas look towards he man and then back to the Captain . they share a moment and nod , a moment only share and understand by man who have give themselves fully to one thing they whole life . leonidas " voice quiet . leonidas all my forty year have be a straight road to this one gleam moment in destiny . this one radiant clash of shield and spear and sword and bone and flesh and blood . leonidas return to the fire , watch it dance . the King 's eye close for a moment . just a dream of sleep would be enough . ext , pindos mountain the day have turn and grey mist rise in ghostly shape from the spine of the mountain . the band of brother descend through the merciless heat . astinos point to the ridgeline . astinos we be be follow . the silhouett figure loom , watch the spartan ' progress . leonidas it have follow we since sparta . captain a Persian scout ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : the spartan rest for a moment . leonidas no . its stride be more beast than man . stelios point to thin column of black smoke on the blue horizon . stelios look , my King . ext . greek village as the spartan and Greeks enter . building still smolder and fall to ash . a complete wasteland , void of hope and song , fill with smell of slaughter livestock and the dead . stelios what happen here ? where be the people ? leonidas scan the detail of the destruction . footprint in the wet earth , hoof of strange beast , tear bit of a peasant 's dress . leonidas crouch , trace with he finger the claw - like footprint in the blood -soak earth . leonidas Persians . the Captain kneel next to leonidas after surveying the scene . captain I put they number at around twenty . leonidas a scout party ... but this footprint ... what could have ... stelios a child ! the spartan turn to see the naked form of a child . a phantom , she thin pale body , cover in dirt and dry blood . the mass of Greek warrior part as she move between they and stand before leonidas in silence . leonidas Water . ( continued ) 30 . continued : child it 's quiet now ... they ... they come with beast from the blackness ... monster ... dark - skinned ... cold eye ... from my nightmare . the child be stoic in she tell of the tale . child with they claw and fang they grab they ... everyone ... everyone but I . spartan I have find they . a spartan point to a massive wind - blow tree at the top of a hill . the child collapse at the foot of the King . leonidas slowly lift she into he arm . he close the eye of the lifeless child and look towards the lone ancient tree . where villager , man , woman , child have be strung out like Christmas ornament , hundred of Persian arrow pierce through they limb and body . stelios have the god no mercy ! daxos we be doom captain quiet yourself . the spartan and free Greeks move slowly towards the haunt tree . leonidas stand without expression , hold the dead child . daxos the child speak of the Persian ghost , know from the ancient time , bound by the myth and magic of the night ... they be the hunter of man 's soul . some of the Greeks nervously look at each other . ( continued ) oe 31 . continued : daxos they can not be kill or defeat , not this darkness , not this immortal . leonidas lay the small child 's frame at the base of the tree . leonidas immortal ? we will put they name to the test . ext . hot gate - sunset leonidas pause , watch the man stream down past he into the narrow canyon call the hot Gate . the wind howl through the ancient cut in the mountain and the crimson spartan cape ... ... SNAP like flag . dilios ( v.0 . ) we march ... from lakonia ... from sacred sparta ... we march ... for honor 's sake ... for glory 's sake ... we march ... into hell 's mouth .we march . leonidas nod to a few pass brother , dust swirl as the Captain and he son pass . leonidas and the Captain share a moment which cause the Captain to slap a strong hand on he son 's back , smile at he , a father and son join in battle , and then turn back to leonidas . the look of pride still on he face . the Captain make he way through the current of soldier to stand next to he King , he friend . as the troops thunder past , the two survey the landscape for a moment , look down through the hot Gates to the ocean . dilios stop and point into the far distance . dilios look ! Persians ! countless Persian ship bob like toy on a angry sea , pull down distant sail in preparation for a come storm . Black belly of cloud mix with the last light of day . ( continued ) 32 . continued : dilios do you know the God King xerxes require no less than 8,000 slave to move and assemble he personal compound . that the zoo of animal that accompany he consume over 100 ton of wheat , hay and meat a day . that they Persian war brothel be contain in over 80 tent and its number of concubine , goat and war boy outnumber we 3 to 1 . and that the column of cart that bear the skin and barrel of ferment barley and wine be over 15 mile long . captain well , at least we will die with the stench of Persian whore on we cock and the taste of Persian wine on we lip . leonidas die perhaps ... or live forever . captain a optimist . leonidas I can afford to be ... I have get you on my side . the Captain nod to he friend as the near soldier clamor by ... captain you do indeed . the burden of kingship you bear alone , but we friendship we bear together . dilios take a few step past leonidas , follow the man who head down to the sea , then turn back to they . dilios come , let 's watch this motherless dog as they be embrace by the loving arm of Greece herself . leonidas take a look at the sky and then back to the Persian fleet . leonidas true , it do look like rain . 33 . ext . sea cliff * lightn flash across a violent sky , explode the mast of a Persian trireme . the vessel be toss on giant surf , crashing it into the rocky coast . dilios ( v.0 . ) * let the other scurry for cover . : we rush to bear witness . the god play . Zeus stab the sky with thunderbolt . borea howl , bully ... and batter the sea with hurricane wind . daxos join leonidas and he man as they stand above the sea on the cliff watch as one after another , the Persian fleet be smashed in slow motion , to kindling . below , another bolt of lightning briefly illuminate face of the countless drown slave oarsman gasp for breath among the splinter timber of the Persian Armada . dilios ( v.0 . ) * Poseidon rise , rudely awaken , furious , he surf claw at the star . the rain pound against leonidas ' shield like war drum as he drink in the carnage below . dilios ( v.0 . ) * glorious . behind leonidas , he man laugh . cries of jubilation be hear . the man embrace and daxos raise he fist in * victory as another massive Persian ship explode onto the rock and again the surf surge make viscous by flesh and wood . dilios ( v.0 . ) * laughter , song and praise for the god that will continue to the next day 's dawn . then another flash of lightning as the man behind he dance with time suspend , in ecstasy of jubilation . leonidas , jaw set , face cold , stern and motionless , say nothing . dilios ( v.0 . ) * only one among we keep he spartan reserve . leonidas slowly lower he shield , allow the rain to run down he unmove face . ( continued ) 34 . continued : dilios ( v.0 . ) * only he . thunder mix with laughter and the pound sea . the distant cry of a host of drown Persians . leonidas lift he chin in slow motion to the rain and close he eye , breathes the salty air and turn back through he man to the spartan camp . | dilios ( v.0 . ) * t only we King . * : ext . near the persian camp - dawn | a handful of spartan move silently through the misty forest at a pace impossibly fast for the lack of sound . no helmet , no shield . g flash of red and steel between the trunk of mountain pine . * a spartan point to the edge of a bluff just in front of * they , the forest silhouett by the bright sky , tell * daxos they have reach the overlook they have venture i into the wood to find . he crawl on he belly until he be next to the spartan who lie at the cliff 's edge look down on the Persian encampment . daxos ' breath catch in he throat as terror grip he stare down on the camp of he enemy . we see : the great gather of man and animal the world have ever see , for the valley below he , which stretch five mile across , border on one side by the | sea and on the other by the mountain , contain from edge j to edge a city of tent complete with road that team with people and cart and horse and creature no Greek eye have see before . at the coast , countless thousand of ship be be unload and tend to . vast legion of man march this way and that , the smoke from the ten of thousand of fire have create a cloud of black that drift and cling over the nearby mountain . daxos I see that ship smashed on the rock . how can this be ? spartan we see but a fraction of the monster that be xerxes ' army . the spartan smile , shaking he head at the sheer spectacle . ( continued ) | | | 35 . continued : daxos we be doom . there can be no victory here . why do you smile ? spartan arcadian , I have fight countless time ... yet I have never meet a adversary who could offer I what we spartan call a beautiful death . I can only hope with all the world 's warrior gather against we that there might be one down there who 's up to the task . with that he slap a hand on daxos ' back and laugh . ext . mountain foothills we see : a form , half - man / half -unknown , who have follow leonidas . its hunch back , gruesome and abstract , face rutte and wear like leather . ephialtes move with a break gait , mouth shape like a gunshot wound , eye uneven , wild with determination . ephialtes honore father ... smile down upon I from you place of rest . this day you son will prove himself . ephialtes ' foot trample over the wild scrub and withere flower sheathed in dust . ephialtes I will show you that you be not wrong to protect I . I will show | you that I be worthy . ephialtes stop at the edge of a high cliff , cupping he misshapen hand towards he face , inhale deeply , smell , question the air itself . ephialtes bastard . we hear : the sound of troops march in the distance . a persian general carry atop a golden throne , surround by bodyguard . he whip he slave and push they on . ephialtes Persian bastard ! we will kill all of you . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ephialtes grit he tooth and growl at the pass Persian display . ephialtes we spartan will destroy you . * ext . hot gate - dawn Morning calisthenics . leonidas lean on he spear , i watch . a summer wind blow cool off the aegean . * body straight , tooth clench at the zenith of a * military push up , they hold that pose . on each of they back stand another spartan with shield , helmet , spear and cape . muscle shake and quiver under 200 pound of man and armor . i daxos rush into the spartan campsite . leonidas turn | from he man who can be hear in the b.g. * leonidas be calm , almost pleasant . leonidas daxos , you be up early for a arcadian . daxos be scared , he point in the direction of the sea . daxos } a Persian General approach . you | should come and speak to he . it : be we one chance for survival . the King nod slowly at daxos . * : * daxos you be the King . you man be * t ill- prepare for the delicate { matter of state . i1 fear the | welcome that this ambassador will receive and the message it send to xerxes . leonidas smile at daxos . leonidas no , on second think , I be busy . my boy will meet he at the wall ' and I think you will find they quite prepare to show he a proper spartan welcome . 37 . ext . seaside road Persians advance up the primitive highway . the Persian General 's gold litter , carry by twelve slave at a dead run , suddenly slow as it approach the hot Gates . fear grip the dark -skin slave who carry the General . more afraid of what they see than the General 's whip . dilios ( v.0 . ) perhaps King xerxes send he General to negotiate we surrender . or perhaps he wonder why he have not hear from he scout . as they round the last bend , the hot Gates still in the distance , they be greet by two dozen dead Persian scout . each impale by a spear so that it protrude from he mouth . the shaft of the spear inside they body cause they to sit upright . the dead scout adorn the rock and dirt mound , a signpost to the General that he be head in the right direction . his handful of bodyguard be freeze as they stare at the gruesome display . ext . mountain foothills ephialtes watch the Persian General and he column of man fade into the distance . ephialtes destroy they , right up they camel - calluse backside . ephialtes spin and thrust the sky with he . spear in mock battle . ephialtes bless spartan ! the boldest of man . the finest warrior in all the world ! he turn and open he stride across the sharp rock . ephialtes they will accept I . they must accept I . Father ! belove mother ! you will see that you be right to protect I . and now the creature run . ( continued ) | i 38 . continued : the path be strange and solemn . among the fern and mountain oak , granite shelf , rag escarpment of stone and earth brace by the invisible hand of the god themselves . he run to warn he spartan . ext . wall of the dead near the entrance to the hot Gates . the Persian General half - stand out of the ornate chair , borne on the shoulder of bleed slave , to better see who among he enemy be gather at the wall which now act as a barrier , funnel would - be attacker into the hot Gates . a large group of spartan work at put the finish touch to the wall . stelios put a large rock in place at the top of the wall and , already sweat hard , glance at the approach General who call up to he . general you there ! who command here ? stelios stare down at he , then to the water below . he take a breath and leap fifty foot to the sea . his form be perfect . the General watch as he hit the water headfirst with barely a splash . the General look at the man as they work on the wall . no one have stop . the General stand , frustrated , on the platform support by slave , and call again to the man work on the wall . general it be the emissary of the ruler of all the World , the God of god , the King of king and I demand by that authority that you show I you commander . one or two of the arcadian look over they shoulder at the Persian General . general listen and learn , spartan . I be tired of you petulance . stelios climb the cliff face up out of the salt water . he lean against a boulder and begin sharpen he sword with a find stone . ( continued ) 39 . continued : general do you think that the paltry dozen you slew scare we or mean anything to we ? they be nothing to the great xerxes . why , this hill swarm with we scout . they watch we even now . they move like shadow . the man still work , move the rock , hand they to one another , ignore the Persian General , who laugh a one - breath laugh and look to he nervous man . he then point at the wall . general do you think you pathetic wall will do anything except fall like a heap of dry leave in the face of ... his word catch in he throat as he see that the wall before they be build not just out of stone . we see : jamme between the boulder and rock be the head , limb , and body of countless Persian scout . even they horse have not be spare . they face in grim crimson and black clotted blood against the gray of stone . the General and he horrify bodyguard scan the wall which loom before they . a monument to death . stelios lower he chin , glide he sharpen stone one last time down the length of he blade which -- ring with spark and the song of iron on stone . the General struggle for something to say . stelios we ancestor build this wall use ancient stone from the bosom of Greece herself and , with a little spartan help , you Persians supply the mortar . general you will pay for you barbarism . and with that , he load he whip to strike . stelios , without hesitation , close the distance to the General in a heartbeat . rising in a powerful leap , he freshly sharpen sword flash through the General 's arm at the elbow . ( continued ) 40 . continued : the General 's litter crash to the ground . his slave dive for the protection of nearby rock . stelios stand over the General as he grip he stump in pain , blood pump between he finger . each of he bodyguard freeze at spear point by the now agitate spartan . general my arn ! stelios it 's not yours anymore . go now . run along and tell you xerxes he face free man here . not slave . do it quickly before we decide to make this wall just a littie bit bigger . the General breathes a labor breath , swallow hard and narrow he brow . general not slave , no . you woman will be slave , though . you son and daughter , and elder will be slave . but not you . by noon this day you will be dead man . stelios be unmove by the General 's speech . general one hundred nation of the Persian Empire descend upon you . the General be help back to he golden perch and he slave shoulder he lighter weight . he turn one last time , to the massive wall , to the man that build it , and the butcher that take he arm . general we arrow will blot out the sun . stelios never change he expression . his eye be as cold as the brace aegean which crash relentlessly on the cliff below . stelios then we will fight in the shade . ext . coastal hill leonidas and he Captain watch as the Persian ambassador retreat back to xerxes and he legion . ( continued ) 41 . continued : captain the wall be solid . it will do the job of channele the Persians into the hot Gates , and the rest of we defense be nearly complete . leonidas Captain , have the man find any route through the hill to we back ? captain none , sir . atop the brown stone and pale ground stand ephialtes , like a break creature . ephialtes there be such a route , good King . ephialtes lower he bronze shield to reveal he entire body . ephialtes just past that western ridge . it 's a old goat path . the Persians could use it to outflank we . the Captain step forward and level he spear at ephialtes ' frame . captain not one step closer , monster . ephialtes bow he head towards leonidas . ephialtes Wise King , I humbly request a audience . the Captain stand firm . captain I will skewer you where you stand ! leonidas lower he spear in front of the Captain 's chest , stop he from advance towards ephialtes . leonidas I give no such order . ( continued ) 42 . continued : the Captain look to he King and back away slowly , watch ephialtes as he return to he man who prepare for the Persians . leonidas forgive the Captain . he be a good soldier ... but a bit short on manners , ephialtes squint and shorten he gaze to leonidas . ephialtes there be nothing to forgive , brave King . I know what I look like . leonidas you wear the crimson of a spartan . ephiaite step closer to the King , lift he head with pride . ephialtes I be ephialtes , bear of sparta . my mother 's love lead my parent to flee sparta , lest I be discard . [ my father become a shepherd ... but he teach I the warrior 's way . leonidas you weapon and armor ? ephialtes my father 's , sir . | silence lay between the King and the eager soul . ephialtes I beg you , bold King , to permit I to redeem my father 's name by serve you ... in combat . i leonidas lean onto a smooth , cool stone . ephialtes you will see ... Day and night my father train I . i i ephiaite open he stance and twirl the shaft of he spear , blur the speed of its arc . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ephialtes to feel no fear ... to show no pain ... to make spear and shield and sword as much a part of I as my own beat heart . ephialtes jab he spear towards the Persian camp in the distance , breathe , growl at the imaginary man that fall before he . ephialtes you see ? my arm be strong and my reach be long . I will earn my father 's armor , noble King ... and reclaim my family 's honor . leonidas a fine thrust ... ephialtes I will kill many Persians ! leonidas stand , shadow tower over the warpe form of ephialtes . leonidas raise you shield ! ephialtes stop he attack . ephialtes Sir ? leonidas raise you shield as high as you can . ephialtes lift the shield . he be half hide behind the circle of hammer bronze . leonidas you father should have teach you how we phalanx work . we fight as a single impenetrable unit . that be the source of we strength . leonidas demonstrate the defensive stance . leonidas each spartan protect the man to he leave from thigh to neck with he shield . a single weak spot ... and the phalanx shatter . ( continued ) 3 44 , continued : leonidas take he hand to the top of ephialtes ' shield and measure the height , a good two foot shy of the need mark . leonidas from thigh to neck , ephialtes . the King shake he head slowly as ephialtes lower he shield . leonidas I be sorry , my friend , not all of we be make to be soldier . ephialtes but I ... leonidas place he hand on the shoulder of ephialtes . leonidas if you want to help sparta in its victory , you can clear the battlefield of the dead , tend the wounded , bring they water , but as for the fight itself , I can not use you . the King turn quietly away and head down the slope of limestone towards he 300 . ephialtes mother , Father , you be wrong . ephialtes turn away , towards the cliff 's edge . ephialtes you be wrong , leonidas . you be wrong ! but the King continue , grow smaller in the distance . ephialtes turn and leap from the cliff , disappear from the high outcropping of rock , make not another sound . the Captain watch as leonidas cross the fold of rock , windblown brush , shade - dapple grass , fine as thread . leonidas ( to the Captain ) dispatch the phocian to the goat path and pray to the god that nobody tell the Persians about it . ( continued ) | 45 . continued : the Earth begin to shake and lift , rock loosen and cascade down the cliff face . the spartan and the other Greeks steady themselves . the distant rumbling grow ... stronger ... louder ! leonidas Battle formation ! without hesitation the spartan guard and other move quickly , grab they weapon . dilios ( v.0 . ) * for a beast approach ... savore the meal to come . ext . persian encampment and from the very sea itself , the Persian tent and rally - point empty and break ground . they charge upwards through the valley . they come in horde , forward , fast , over the rock and shallow , they race on . dilios ( v.0 . ) * a force of man so massive it shake the earth with its march . Brown bearded form , chest panel of crocodile cover rag man , smoothe leather head cover adorn with seashell and human bone . dilios ( v.0 . ) * a Army so vast ... beyond imagine . the Persians flow upward , through the valley floor and foothills of the mountain . dilios ( v.0 . ) * poise to devour tiny Greece . like locust the Persians swarm over the land , destroy beneath they advance all that hold life . nothing be spare . dilios ( v.0 . ) * to snuff out the world 's one hope for reason and justice . 46 . ext . hot gate armor be lift . leonidas run forward , lead from the front . the Captain and he 300 follow he down the break path . captain follow you King . stelios let out a battle cry that echoes off the steep rock face on either side of he . dilios and the Captain 's son join he as they drop down along the funnel of stone . leonidas earn you shield , boy . they fork around obstacle , flow down en masse toward the hot Gates . over rock they leap . today there be no need to hunt ... the spartan prey be before they ... one million of they ! ext . wall of the dead we hear : the sound of hoove and horse , like distant thunder , growing closer ! blue-turbane rider , atop sleek Arabian horse , dozen break the low hill and funnel past the wall of the dead . now , hundred of horse be in full gallop over the high grass . rider lean forward on they mount , eye fierce , scan for Greek blood . ext . hot gate leonidas settles himself as the rest of he man arrive . they form quickly around they King , quieting they racing heart , and listen to he word over the Persian . juggernaut . leonidas this be where we hold they ! the spartan watch as the earth move and undulate , heave forward , alive with form dress in loose silk and cloth . they carry curve sword , ivory -handle dagger tuck into belt of gold . horseman whip the infantry forward , while other reach into wicker quiver that hold arrow from the East . leonidas this be where we fight ! ( continued ) | | | 47 . continued : the spartan lower they shield into a perfect phalanx , a solid wall of bronze from one side of the hot Gates to the other . each man protect the next , each with spear extend towards the Persian wave . leonidas this be where they die ! the Persian funnel off the Wall of the Dead up the last step of the hot Gates . leonidas remember this day , man , for it will be yours for all time . a snow - white Arabian and rider slow ... the mass of xerxes ' machine of war slow ... as the golden shield of leonidas and he spartan be reveal . persian horseman spartan ! the air be heavy with the smell of leather , iron and sweat . leonidas and he 300 do not move , only they breath can be hear against each other 's back . persian horseman Lay down you weapon ! we see : from the Wall of the Dead appear the slow arc of a single javelin through the air . it settles quickly into the chest of the Persian horseman , toppling he from he mount , dead before he touch Greek soil . leonidas narrow he eye to he enemy . leonidas Persians ... come and get they ! and with the defiance of the god themselves , leonidas start what many speak of but few have the heart for . war begins ! we hear : first faint , then rise with the rank , a low rumbling . strange horn and call to war lift from the Persians , as if to warn of the apocalypse that will follow . captain shoulder to shoulder . the spartan phalanx snap to a perfect oak and bronze wall of defense . ( continued ) 48 . continued : beneath the hammer bronze , eye lock forward , towards the howling enemy . the front row of the phalanx lower they lance of cornel wood and ash , eight foot from hand to razor- tip end . this stand of man appear unworldly , as if some breathe metal beast that lay coiled , ready to attack . the force of Persian raider drop down the last open space and funnel straight to leonidas and he man . captain hold . the spartan brace for battle . leonidas give they nothing . assyrian , arabian , bactrian , cappadocian , mede , karian , babylonian , armenian , and other asiatic tribe , a hundred nation thunder forward at the spartan line . leonidas but take from they , everything . the Persians close within twenty yard of the forest of spartan arm . captain steady , boy . crash ! East meet West . wicker meet bronze . the spartan line grit its tooth against the massive Persian onslaught . thousands of Persians push against the wall of spartan bronze . sandal slide , plow the earth as spartan foot be force back . a Persian blade draw the first spartan blood , graze across the shoulder of a young spartan . he cry out in anger , breathe hate into the spartan will . leonidas strain as he and he man finally slow the tide of silk and wicker , steel and dark skin . they find a foothold that stop they backwards movement , and all at once a thousand Persian eye grow large with fear as leonidas lower he body , push forward , thrust through Persians two at a time . ( continued ) 49 . continued : the Captain roll over the enemy without pause . pierce through the silk legging , puncture they lung with such power that the air escape the chest wound in great geyser . captain push on !!! they push on , never break they impenetrable human wall . dilios aaaahhhh ! dilios ' jab land , cut into Persian throat , the cry of pain muffle as they fall under the trample foot of spartan advance . captain push !!!! they push on ... the spartan gather strength from Greece herself , the invader fall upon each other , one after the other . we hear : the cry of man , strange tongue from foreign land , groans and scream drift out and fall back to the lifeless body from which they come . leonidas clear ... to the right . scare Persians , heart pound in hollow determination , fall quick prey to the skill of the spartan . captain no prisoner ! spartan haaawooo !!! they step and thrust , kill all before they . leonidas no mercy ! spartan haaawooo !!!! a deafen advance , the spartan repel the Persian discharge with ease , force the incalculable number backwards . ( continued ) 50 . continued : captain they look thirsty . leonidas give they something to drink , boy . captain to the cliff ! the spartan phalanx jolt too . electrify , they push they burnish defense , relentless , drive over Persian body , grind towards the coastal cliff . leonidas lurch , skewer another . the rear column of attack Persians begin to fold and fall away , over the high cliff 's edge and into the sea below . we hear : gasp of man without earth beneath then , fall form . High -pitch wail and caterwaul bleed forth and crumple back onto the force as they be push over the rocky line . by the hundred they fall , embroider tunic and mail jacket tumble , continuous and measure scream sing out as the Persians distort and separate into the churn salty grave . leonidas hold . with the King 's voice , the spartan stop and watch the last Persian sail over the cliff face and disappear without a sound , captain Hell of a good start . spartan haawooo ! we hear : distant Arabian horn sound off . as a thousand harpies screech and arrow cut loose . captain tuck tail ! the spartan drop to a knee and cover they body with the bronze shelter from the income storm . the first wave of bronze head sink into the ground around leonidas and he man . shaft after shaft rain into the spartan shield , momentarily obscure the sun with they volume . ( continued ) 51 . continued : leonidas Persian coward . bowmen reach into they quiver and send more missile by the thousand , a attack of size and strength never see by leonidas and he man . astinos crouch , laugh beneath he makeshift bronze roof . stelios what in the hell be you laugh at ? astinos you have to say it . arrow pound off they shield , deflect , shaft SNAP , they fall in a deluge , pin astinos ' robe to the ground . stelios what ? astinos fight in the shade . they both begin to laugh and now the other join in . as the last shriek volley be cut loose ... all be silent , save the spartan laughter on the battlefield . captain settle down . leonidas look to he Captain . leonidas let they laugh . it scare the fight out of we enemy . the Captain nod . captain recover . a cry erupt from the back of the spartan formation . in the front position , leonidas see the mass of beast and man they now offer . his eye widen to the sheer force and he set he body for the impact . leonidas no heroes ... today no spartan die ! ( continued ) 52 . continued : astinos look to he Father . the Captain nod softly , a simple gesture of recognition that comfort he son before Hell arrive . nostril flare as the giant sand - color beast thunder down upon the spartan line . the Captain lock he shield into he body . stelios fight back fear , he breath quicken in time with the advance mount . a explosion of pure violence . Persians be throw from they strange mount , body trample ; sweat and blood run freely . terror carve and mold to each Persian face . ee dilios ( v.0 . ) we do what we be train to do ! * the spartan advance with tremendous velocity , half - naked form , red ribbon , brilliant bronze armor rush forward without pause . dilios ( v.0 . ) * what we be breed to do ! the Persians fight with curve sword , small war axe and hammer engrave with lion ' head . dilios ( v.0 . ) * what we be bear to do ! it be as abstract as it be brutal . Persian man , tear limb , unclothed body , crush and bloody , wounded figure , empty hand - tool saddle , behead camel , faceless mass clutching to breath and pulse , one by one fall again and again to spartan endurance . dilios ( v.0 . ) * no prisoner ! no mercy ! a good start . ext . spartan marketplace - day we see : gorgo and she son move through the crowded marketplace . pleistarchos playfully dart between stone column and pool of bright sunlight . the two move in a loose pair past dark chamber , where blacksmith -- ( continued ) | t | | 53 . continued : -- pound bronze and iron into blade and bowl . potter shape red clay in vessel and plate . gorgo stop at the mouth of a alley and call to she son , who have disappear behind a gaggle of housemaids , who bicker and gossip . gorgo I be not chase after you . the Queen wait a moment and sigh . gorgo that 's it , I be leave . do you hear I ? gorgo turn down the alley shaking she head . she pass the red homespun fabric , freshly dyed , they hang drying in the midday sun . the shadow of the hanger bar flash across she face as she move between the blood -re fabric wall into a small courtyard . carve out of stone be a simple bearded face and out of the stone mouth , water flow , fall into a small pool . the loyalist sit , ringing a rag out in the clear water and place it on he neck . loyalist I be afraid you might not come . he stand to he foot as gorgo approach . gorgo I be sorry , my son ... be ... she turn back towards the alley . loyalist do what child do best . please do not apologize . gorgo relax a bit , make comfortable by the loyalist 's manner . loyalist he start the agoge next year . that be always a hard time for spartan mother . gorgo yes ... it will be hard , but also necessary . the loyalist ponder with a smile , remember he time endure the spartan crucible . ( continued ) 54 . continued : loyalist in two day you will speak to the council . gorgo answer quickly . gorgo my husband do not have two day . loyalist leonidas have choose he battle and so must you . this two day be a gift . the Queen nod . loyalist i it 's no secret that theron want 3 what you control . it be he voice : you must silence . make a ally of he and you will have you victory . the moment hang between they both . gorgo my son will be look for I . thank you ... you be as wise as you be kind . the loyalist bow and move off down a passageway . gorgo turn to the fountain and splashes water on she face , relief from August heat . she pause , let the water pour over she hand , stare into the stone eye of the fountain . from behind she , a voice . theron there 's you mother . gorgo turn to find theron and pleistarchos . her son 's eye be nervous as theron grip he shoulder from behind . gorgo move towards they both ; theron let she son go and he run to she side . theron you should keep a better eye on i he if he be to be King one day . i gorgo pull she son into she . theron study the face of both Queen and son . theron it would be unfortunate if anything be to happen to he or he beautiful mother . ( continued ) 55 . continued : gorgo narrow she gaze at theron . ext . hot gate - afternoon it be a vision of Hell on Earth . thousands of Persian dead lay in heaps . the ground turn to mud by the countless gallon of blood . the spartan work gather weapon from the fall and put the few Persians whose injury have not kill they , out of they misery . leonidas and the Captain pull off they helmet . as they do , the Captain see a Persian crawl among the nearby dead . he move casually over to he . the Captain look back toward leonidas , toss the King a apple . as leonidas bite into it , the Captain put a heavy foot on the Persian to steady he , then plunge a spear through he back . the Persian cry out , then die . the Captain pull he spear free and move to the King . captain the arcadian be itching for battle , sire . they be begging for a crack at the Persians . leonidas good ! I have get something I think they can handle . tell daxos I want they eager , sober , and ready for the next charge . stelios run the last few yard right up to leonidas .and the Captain . stelios ( breathe hard ) King leonidas . leonidas stelios , catch you breath , boy . stelios put he hand on he thigh and drop he head for a moment . stelios yes , my Lord . he breathes deeply , then swallow . ( continued ) 56 . continued : stelios Persians approach , my Lord . a small contingent . too small for a attack . leonidas look in the direction of stelios ' spear which he use as a pointer . leonidas Captain , you be in charge . captain but , sire ... leonidas smile at the Captain . leonidas relax , old friend . if they assassinate I , all of sparta go to war . leonidas become more serious , he voice lower . leonidas pray they be that stupid ... pray we be that lucky . leonidas begin to move across the landscape of the dead as the Captain sigh , then see another breathe Persian and raise he spear . leonidas besides , there 's no reason we can not be civil , be there ? the Captain bury he spear with crisp precision and the life groan from one of the nameless horde of he enemy . captain none , sire . ext . coastal plain a clear between the hot Gates and the Persian camp . leonidas slow to a stop . his expression a subtle smile . a mix of amusement and disbelief at the display before he . for , wedge between the sea and the jag rock face of the mountain , be a sight as impressive as it be absurd . ( continued ) 57 . continued : 100 man bear on they back a giant golden throne beset with sculpt lion . ancient script as old as time itself be carve upon the platform . it rise 20 foot above the shoulder of the bent slave who carry it . at its summit , surround by golden gazelle and back by a black sun , stand xerxe . nearly 7 foot tall . body of lean sinew , hairless , androgynous , and drape in adornment of gold . leonidas let I guess . you be xerxes . xerxes move down the richly carpete stair of he throne platform to the wait leonidas . xerxes step down , use the back of a kneel slave as the final step . dilios ( v.0 . ) a voice as smooth as warm oil on well - wear leather and as deep as roll thunder . xerxe come , leonidas . let we reason together . xerxes glide on powerful leg as leonidas stand next to he . xerxe it would be a regrettable waste ... it would be nothing short of madness be you , brave king , and you valiant troops to perish all because of a simple misunderstanding . leonidas do not lose sleep worry over we . we be have the time of we life . xerxes stop and turn to the spartan King . xerxe brave word . spartan word . I admire you . the strength and honor of you soldier , they fierce devotion . there be much we culture could share . leonidas have not you notice we have be share we culture with you all morning ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : xerxes smile . kerke your be a fascinating tribe . even now you be defiant , in the face of annihilation and the presence of a god . leonidas look up at xerxes . leonidas there be a fundamental difference between we . you would kill any of you man to win and I would die for any of mine . as leonidas and xerxes stand together , silent archer pull bow taut , keep a eye on the spartan King . kerxe you Greeks take pride in you : logic . I suggest you employ it . consider the beautiful land you so vigorously defend . picture it reduce to ash at my whim ! leonidas be unmove . xerxe consider the fate of you woman . leonidas clearly you do not know we woman . I might as well have march they up here judge by what I have see . you have many slave , xerxes , but few warrior . it will not be long before they fear my spear more than you whip . leonidas turn away from xerxes and scan the hillside . rock fall in a cascade from a nearby cut in the cliff . xerxes gently put he hand on leonidas 's shoulder . xerke it be not the lash they fear , it be my divine power . I ama generous God . I can make you rich beyond all measure . rerxes lean closer to leonidas , he voice go to a hush . ( continued ) 59 . continued : kerxe I will make you warlord of all * Greece . you will carry my battle standard into the heart of europa . you athenian rival will kneel at you foot , if you will but kneel at mine . leonidas exhales deeply , then step out from under the & God King 's hand and look at he foot . : leonidas you be generous as you be * divine , oh King of king . such a offer only a madman would refuse . the spartan King then take a few slow step away from the tower xerxes . leonidas but the idea of kneel , it 's ... you see slaughtering all that man of yours have put a nasty cramp in my leg . so kneel will be hard for I . xerxe you sad I , leonidas . for as I be reasonable , so be I vicious , and as I be generous , so be I wrathful . 1 xerxes ' body tense under the weight of diplomatic word . xerxe there will be no glory in you sacrifice . I will erase the memory of sparta from the history . every piece of Greek parchment shall be burn . every Greek historian and every scribe shall have they eye put out and they tongue cut from they mouth . xerxes be afire , voice raise in contempt for the spartan King . xerxe : why , uttering the very name of sparta or leonidas will be punishable by death . the world will never know you exist at all . ( continued ) 60 . continued : leonidas turn to xerxes , eye as cold as ice . leonidas the world will know free man stand against a tyrant . that few stand against many , and before this battle be over , that even a God King can bleed . ext . hot gate - sunset on the flat step , before the hot Gates . stelios and astinos work pile Persian corpse into a great mound at the Wall of the Dead . muscle strain under the lifeless body . the sun have just pass below the mountain , and promise of the night 's cold be first speak by the breeze which rise off the sea . stelios you fight well today , for a woman . stelios toss the body he 's carry onto the pile . astinos as do you . maybe if I be injure you will be able to keep up with I . astinos grunt as he heave a cool body onto another , as stelios drag a body by the ankle . stelios maybe I be so far ahead you do not see I . the Captain behind they lift two body over he shoulder and begin to move towards the youth . astinos more likely offer you backside to the thespian . stelios jealously do not become you , my friend . stelios throw another on the heaping dead . the two smile at each other . the Captain climb onto the body of he enemy , one Persian over each shoulder , heaving they at stelios ' foot . ( continued ) | | | 61 . continued : leonidas call up to they , out of breath , from the foot of the pile . leonidas move it , man ! pile that Persians high . ok * leonidas glance back towards the Persian camp , as a wind of dusk toss crimson behind he . leonidas we be in for one wild night ! captain yes , sir . * ext . coastal plain - night the wear road to the hot Gates . quiet grip the black cliff . the sea lap onto ageless rock . a light breeze whisper in the tree and then out of the darkness ... we hear : drum ! dilios ( v.0 . ) * they have serve the dark will of Persian king for 500 year . Cloud roll against the quarter moon . Black banner * cover the sky . dilios ( v.0 . ) * eye as dark as night . teeth file to fang ... soulless . the war drum pound like the heartbeat of a titan . a river of black bronze surge toward the hot Gates . dilios ( v.0 . ) * wordless , they form . faultless , move in such perfect unison . each collective step strike the earth like a blow from the Fire God 's Hammer . they march ! foot pound the earth . barely the foot of man , toenail - like claw . we rise slowly along the form of black armored skin . muscular arm protrude from ornate plate inlaid with gold . maybe ancient write or design . only dead man have see close enough to know . ( continued ) 62 . continued : dilios ( v.0 . ) the personal guard to King xerxes himself . the Persian warrior elite . the deadly fight force in all Asia . one of the thousand turn to we , scan the hillside as he demon brother pass behind he . a hiss of breath , he bare he see - blade tooth . his black eye , shark - like , search for spartan blood . dilios ( v.0 . ) the immortal . a nameless Immortal at the front of the column hold up he fist and , as one , they stop . we hear : the drum flourish , then go silent . the Immortal lower he fist slowly , take a few tentative step out of formation and scan the obstacle in he way . a wall of stone and fresh Persian dead , 20 foot high , that run from cliff wall down to the sea . he stare up at the grotesque sight of he comrade . something new rise from he belly , freezing he joint , make he breath catch in he throat . something he have not feel in countless foray on the battlefield -- fear ! dilios ( v.0o . ) now , while we be fresh and at we full strength . before wound and weariness have take they toll . the Immortal ] at the front reach with shaking hand to the two saber sling at he back . stepping slowly away from the wall , he frees the two long arcing blade and nervously watch the wall for movement . dilios ( v.0 . ) the mad King throw the best he have at we . xerxes have take the bait . we move across the face of the dead at the top of the wall , until we come to rest on the dull gold of a spartan helmet , the unblink eye of leonidas be hide among the dead . leonidas spartan , push !!! ( continued ) 63 . continued : from behind the wall , a hoard of crimson and bronze press as one against the wall of corpse , which tumble onto the horrify immortal , break like wave onto the first six row of the Persian elite . we see : pour over the mound of dead come a new swell of spartan shield and spear , surging down on the stunne immortal . leonidas plunge he spear , reach three deep into the rank of he enemy . he instantly land a strong foot into the chest of the skewer man , push he with a single powerful stroke of he spear and turn to the next . dilios ( v.0 . ) immortal . well ... as we King say , we put they name to the test . with he shield , stelios block a blade strike mean for the Captain who flash young stelios a look before ramming he own spear through the attacker 's eye socket . this be the hardest fight they have face . War cry howl from the immortal as they battle the spartan . time slow : we see : astinos as he catch a attack Immortal with he spear , in a single move , draw he sword to dispatch another surging at he side . the blood of he enemy spray across leonidas ' face as the spartan push forward into the column of confuse immortal . immortal commander stand you ground ! the commander be bump by a retreate soldier . he grab the flee soldier and push he back toward the fight . he yell , spitting he rage . immortal commander I say stand you ground !!! leonidas parry a blow and then drive he spear into another Immortal . one of the immortal leap onto the shield of a spartan attacker . his toe grab the bottom of the shield like a ape 's hand , pull the sword at he back free and slice across the neck of a spartan soldier , kill he . ( continued ) 64 . continued : the spartan begin to lose ground to the recover immortais . they claw as they rally , they fang tear into spartan flesh . leonidas fight two at a time , grimace through clench tooth . he fall back as the immortal take they toll on the now wither spartan , lock in a hand - to-hand struggle with one of the demon . the Immortal 's gnash tooth be just inch from leonidas 's face . leonidas be barely able to draw he sword , plunging it into the Immortal 's throat . now from the heart of the Immortal horde , the large and fiercest of the immortal rush forward , a full seven foot tall at the shoulder , vein in he neck bulg like serpent as he roar , collapse a spartan shield with a kick while in the same moment decapitate another spartan not quick enough to retreat behind he shield . : the giant Immortal focus he milky eye on leonidas , who fight and dispatch two of the dark horde . leonidas lock eye with the giant , who recognize the spartan king and charge toward he . leonidas quickly recover a spear and thrust it at the charge monster , who rise into the air on a thunder stride , cut clean in two the spear shaft of the king . he land with he full 370 pound of crush muscle on the shield of leonidas , throw he back onto the mutilate body of the day - old fall . leonidas , lie on he back , recover he wit just long enough to have he sword kick from he hand . the giant roar again , pull leonidas 's helmet off , which spin to rest on the blood - soak earth . the Immortal pull he blade down toward the expose head of the king , who raise he arm , catch the raw metal blade with a roof block on he bronze - cover forearm . then leonidas summon from deep within he warrior soul a crush right to the jaw of the demon , who spit blood as he roar in defiance . the thing toss he sword down as he move right into leonidas ' face , roaring as he open he mouth . a mix of blood and saliva pour in rivulet between the sharpen tooth of the giant while he eye fix on leonidas 's neck . the king 's muscle strain beneath the mass of the Persian Immortal . in desperation , leonidas call ... leonidas arcadian ... now !!! ( continued ) 65 . continued : the giant Immortal be inch from leonidas ' neck when he hear the battle cry of the arcadian . the monster be momentarily distract , allow leonidas to strain the last remain inch to reach he sword . he lift the giant off he on two powerful leg and in the same motion pass he sword between the giant 's head and shoulder . the monster 's head land next to the king as he body tumble to one side . we see : from the small thicket of tree at the center of the immortal , the earth begin to move . the tree fall , revealing a box canyon fill now with charge arcadian . daxos lead he man as they cut into the immortal . daxos come right at the Immortal Commander , who be raise he saber , ready to cut down he own man . immortal commander fight or die where you stand ! the eye of the soldier the Commander threaten go wide , as he see past he master to the ambush Greeks descend upon they . the Commander see he fear and turn just in time for daxos to plunge he spear through the Commander 's neck . daxos go! show the spartan what we can do . daxos pull the spear free and turn quickly , throw he spear into a Immortal 's chest . daxos draw he sword , fight on . thrust , jabbing ; miss a parry , he arm be cut . in exchange , he plunge he sword into one of the dark horde . daxos call we amateur , will they ? time slow . no SOUND . save the drum . dilios ( v.0 . ) they shout and curse , stabbing wildly , more brawler than warrior . ( continued ) i | i 66 . continued : we see : Farmer and potter , blacksmith and merchant . free Greeks all , tooth clench in a battle rage , thrust spear and sword through the frighten : throng of they enemy . push , leg drive shield against piceous bronze . force dozen of heavily - weight immortal off the cliff and into the sea . dilios ( v.0 . ) they make a wondrous mess of thing . brave amateur , they do they part . still under the drum . we see : leonidas push forward , muscle flex , make hungry by the wide - eye terror of the immortal . they fall over each other to flee the attack spartan King . as the slaughter continue below , from the cliff overlook the battlefield , silhouett by the crescent moon , a dark figure adorn in gold watch as he invincible immortal fall like wheat under the sickle of the spartan phalanx . dilios ( v.0 . ) ... and a man who fancy himself a God ... kerxes ' lip tighten ; he breathes deeply through flaring nostril , as below he even the war drum be silence . dilios ( v.0 . ) .. feel a very human chill crawl up he spine . ext . spartan encampment - night dozen of spartan campfire reach into a nigrescent sky . they burn bright , fuel with a kindling of break Persian arrow shaft by the thousand . around the fire , warrior mend they wound with linen and oil of root and herb . they drink of red wine and recount with pride the heroic of the battlefield . captain we King ! we hear a roar so primitive it shake the ground and echoes off the far canyon wall as the other spartan sound off . ( continued ) | t | | | 67 . continued : spartan haaaawoooo ! captain we honore dead ! spartan haaawooo ! leonidas say nothing , just stare quietly towards the heaven along the far edge of the fire circle and beyond . dilios triumph . stelios yes , the day be ours . astinos and the night too . dilios true , for now they fear the night as well . dilios move with the shadow light , in front of he brother . dilios now , as we rest , the immortal be crawl back to they master like whipped dog . the Captain nod slowly and wipe the now cold blood from he hand with a capture turban . astinos every Persian see it . stelios whom will xerxes dare to send next ? captain they will never measure as fine as this . the Captain lift a red-hot iron rod from the fire 's mouth and put it against a young spartan 's side , burn , smolder the skin , cauterize the gape hole without a sound or expression to fill the night air . ( continued ) sear 68 . continued : captain who among he legion will dare to face we ?! the Captain throw the rod back to the fire and again a cheer from the Greek warrior ring into the night . spartan haaawoooo ! leonidas turn and move through they war party . leonidas Children ... child ! they King 's voice quiet they folly . captain the mede and scythian be in open revolt ! xerxes be slaughtering he own troops . astinos there be nothing that can stop we now ! leonidas raise he hand , hold some invisible force that quiet the man . leonidas dare we hope ... dare we hope for more than a glorious death ? leonidas lower he hand and gaze over each of the man 's face , half - fill with firelight . leonidas such mad hope ... but there it be . leonidas point out into the darkness of the battlefield . leonidas against Asia 's endless horde . against all odd . the spartan King return he eye to he warrior . leonidas we can do it ! we can hold the hot Gates ! we can win ! the spartan erupt into a chorus of voice . spartan haawwooo ! 69 . ext . mountain foothills on the shelf of a near cliff ... stare down from the blackness and glow of the moon ... ephialtes tear at the red cape that have hide he deform soul . ephialtes god ... I still breathe . I still live . god , you be cruel . he rip the cape , it settles near he foot . ephialtes damn you . his crude shape lean over , look down towards the spartan campfire , down towards the distant warrior . ephialtes damn you . damn you , god ! damn you , Father ... damn you , mother ... damn you all to Hell ! ephialtes lift he father 's bronze helmet toward the faultless sky , inspect the color , its wear strength . ephialtes spartan ... spartan ! he throw he helmet to the ground . ephialtes the boldest of man ! the finest warrior in all the world . ephialtes grunt in disgust to himself . ephialtes damn you ... he turn he break form and begin into the night , none but himself hearing he voice . ephialtes damn you all ! ext . coastal plain the second day begin as the first . with full light at they back , barrier of man and beast pound the earth , into the slaughter they race . silhouett form , whip crack ! ( continued ) 70 . continued : across the back of a fresh rotation , flooding upwards , across the slain and haunt body . the man pull from they gut a low growl howl ! dilios ( v.0 . ) one hundred nation descend upon we . the army of all Asia . funnele into this narrow corridor , they number count for nothing . they claw and dig into the muddy ground , barrel towards the hot Gates and the await spartan line . captain back to hell with you . blood and terror pound at the temple of the oncoming pack of xerxes ' front man . dilios ( v.0 . ) the raid party arrive , unfortunate for be the first to meet the spartan Nation . leonidas attack , now ! they collide with such force into the bronze shield , shudder cycle through snapping ! Fresh bone . other push from behind , but nothing be gain as leonidas plow he pike through the chest of one and move quickly at silencing another . armless persian giant run with wicker basket on they back . within the basket , midget archer cut loose a volley a projectile . dilios ( v.0 . ) at we wall of bronze and crimson , there be no retreat , there be no surrender . only honor ... duty ... glory ... combat ... victory . they fall by the hundred ... we send the severe body and fragile heart back to xerxes ' foot . stelios ram against the horde , cut through thin tissue and capillary , lash out , move in pace with he brother on the steep slope . tribesman , tattoo cover they body , sling break shard of glass and porcupine quill into the fight . ( continued ) 71 . continued : astinos drop he lance into a Persian thigh and stroke upwards , through the groin and out the chest cavity . dilios ( v.0 . ) * when muscle fail they turn to they magic . but we be relentless ... unstoppable ... we be free man ... we be spartan . persian wizard , drape in black velvet robe , throw clay pot mix of sulfur , bat dung and ash . its noxious smoke rise , obscure the fight . - dilios nail two charge infantrymen with the tip of he spear . robbing they of any glory , any hope of tomorrow . ext . persian encampment in front of xerxes ' myriad tent , a long line of he Generals wait . time slow : dilios ( v.0 . ) * King xerxes be displease with he general . xerxes ' eye blaze . vein bulge in he forehead and neck ; he grit he tooth . his rage spitting from he mouth , he command the executioner , whose form be grotesquely muscle . where he forearm should be , he flesh and hand have be remove . his very bone sharpen into twin executioner 's axe . we see : his arm fall ! dilios ( v.0 . ) * he discipline they . and with time still suspend , one of he many disappoint Generals be parte from he head . ext . hot gate we hear : the trumpeting of not brass horn but angry and wild beast . dilios ( v.0 . ) * xerxes dispatch he monster from half the world away . ( continued ) as 72 . continued : we see : around the bend . a cavalry of elephant en mass . elephant adorn with spike and cleate shoe , stomp through they own man . they trunk fitte with hammer and blade sickle . they swing , clear a path to the spartan . thundering ! up the constrict path , on the gray massive back , xerxes ' man , 10 deep , archer , javelin thrower , young boy throw stone down into the battle . dilios ( v.0 . ) they be clumsy beast and the pile Persian dead be slippery . the elephant lose foot , some topple , other shift in fear . a Persian meet he fate , skewer through a charge tusk . other be toss like a desultory of tribesman , off the beast and disappear under the charge of nation . captain break ... now ! and with the come magnitude of Persians , the spartan open the phalanx and swallow the enemy whole . leonidas be in perfect form , cut the enemy down , each stroke and parry , a grace for other to emulate . his shield take a crush blow from a Persian battleaxe . he counter and yaw forward , surrender he spear tip into the face of a Persian Commander , snap it clean , he draw he sword . leonidas watch they ! in front , stelios and astinos break free , fill by youth . they cleave they sword into a open space of Persian dead . stelios bury he blade , the Persian fall at he foot . astinos be you still here ? stelios pull at he steel , stick in the corpse he just fell . stelios if only you fight as much as you run you mouth . ( continued ) 73 . continued : astinos laugh and swing through a string of Persians that stream toward stelios , still try to free he blade . astinos not now , I be a little busy . astinos be dynamic , effortless , and brave as he take on three Persian guardsman . he cut and pull at they , drop the first . stelios frees he sword , tear it loose and reenter the fight . astinos drop the second and turn to stelios . they continue on , all of the spartan , beat back among the promontory of the dead . leonidas regroup ! the spartan pull into one another , gather force , stream into the Persians like a wall of intimidation . astinos rage on , kill the dark figure without pause . captain astinos . astinos look to he father across the salient , the Captain lock eye with he son . captain on center . they share a moment of praise among this tenebrous day . from the middle of the fray a persian horseman , clothed in ink leather and iron mail , gallop through the melee . he raise he sword and with one arc . time slow : for all who see it , the combat stand still . it be no more brutal than the rest , only that it 's one of they own , a spartan . the Captain watch as astinos be behead only a few yard away . captain noooo ! ( continued ) 74 , continued : astinos ' head fall to the muck and mire , another Persian | lift the severe gift in he hand and toss it up to the confident horseman . he hold the head above he and howl . a prize offer for xerxes , he ride back towards the sea , never offer fight for a father 's pain . captain they all die ! the Persians retreat back , with they treasure , a young spartan face . the Captain 's rage rise ; he run after the force hack into the back of flee man . dilios ( v.0 . ) * the day wear on ... we lose few , but each fell be a friend ... or dearest blood , and upon see the headless body of he own young son the Captain break rank . he go wild ... blood -drunk . dilios and stelios follow he , allow he frenzy to run * its course until all the enemy life have be snuffed out . finally a group of spartan drag the Captain from the | field , he face twisted with grief , he tear etching | line in the mix of blood and dirt on he face . dilios ( v.0 . ) * the Captain 's cry of pain at the loss of he son be more frightening to the enemy than the deep battle drum . it take three man to restrain he and bring he back to we own . the day be ours . no song be sung . the Persian camp go deathly quiet . int . spartan house a wood fire burn in the corner , illuminate the simple mason and beam ceiling . theron and gorgo stand in 1 conversation . i :| i 4 gorgo i I be not here for small talk , { theron . theron I be sure of that . you have never spare word with I . ( continued ) | i | 75 . continued : theron walk to a rimmed table , tan cougar hide cover its base . theron a drink ? gorgo study he face and with a laugh . gorgo be it poison ? he lift a high pitcher , inlaid of silver palmette rise from acanthus leave . theron I be sorry to disappoint you , my Queen . it 's just water . he pour the water into two shallow bronze bowl , hammer with the image of a seat fox and hen . he hand the water to gorgo . theron I be tell you be go before the Council . gorgo I be not seek you advice , just you help in win vote to send we Army north to they King . theron turn to face gorgo in the half - light room . theron perhaps I could help . the two of | we stand together , the politician , the warrior , we voice as one , but what do you willingness prove ? gorgo take a sip from the bowl and set it on the near table . gorgo it prove that I care for a King who at this very moment fight for the water we drink . theron nod in agreement . theron true . but this be politics , not war . ( continued ) 76 . continued : he set he water down and look at the Queen . theron leonidas be a idealist . the Queen pace across the near window . gorgo , I know you kind too well . you i send man to slaughter for you own gain . theron you husband , we King , have break the law . he have leave without the council 's blessing ... I be simply a realist . gorgo you be a opportunist . and a bad one at that . theron close the distance to the Queen . theron you be as foolish as leonidas if you believe that man do not have a price in this world . all man be not create equal . the spartan code reinforce this maxim , you silly little girl . | without hesitation , gorgo slap theron clean across he | face . he be unmove by the blow . theron i I admire you passion . but do not think that you , a woman , even a Queen , can walk into a council chamber and sway the mind of man . regardless of what you king say , you have no power there . I own that chamber , as if they be build by this hand . he grab gorgo by the throat , she struggle for a moment under he power . theron I could crush the life from you right now ! gorgo search the room , nothing , to aid she plight . ( continued ) I i 1 77 . continued : theron you will speak to the council and you word will fall on deaf ear . you will receive nothing without I . leonidas will have no reinforcement and if by the god ' grace return , he will be jaile or worse . gorgo look at theron in disbelief . theron do you love you sparta ? gorgo 's eye lock with theron as she -- gasp for air . gorgo yes . his grip tighten around she neck . theron and you King ? gorgo I do . theron smile again as he watch gorgo squirm under he powerful grasp . theron you husband fight for he land , for he love . theron release he grip on the Queen 's neck . theron what do you have to offer sparta ? gorgo what do a realist want with he Queen . theron I think you know . gorgo tremble , know that this sacrifice be the one theron truly want . she lift she hand and pull at the soft lace that hold the dress at she neck . ( continued ) 78 . continued : theron this will not be over quickly . you will not enjoy this . I be not you king ! there be no tear . gorge stand naked before theron , as he begin to ravage she , she make not a sound , not a move . she give he anything and everything , but not she heart in the faint firelight of the room . ext . persian encampment a perimeter of tribe surround the sanctuary of they God , xerxes . Foot soldier sharpen they weapon near a stable of warhorse . castaway and penniless slave roam the night for they master , a makeshift world of chaos at the edge of the sea . CUT to : int . xerxe ' tent we hear : the faint cry , erotic wail , with the soft drumming . a goat-head minstrel play the sitar . other smoke from pipe of octopus skin and listen to the reed instrument of the East . this be a different world . a world of fine silk wall , rug from the orient , soft pillow , tower of honeycombed candle . incense burn and hang in tool copper basket . a procession of slave girl , all near naked , sheer gauze and jewele body , dance for xerxes in the faint light . xerxe you god be cruel to shape you so , friend ephialtes . under a canopy of soft light , ephialtes move from the shadow . xerxe but I be kind . xerxes on a marble pedestal , adorn in rare diamond and emerald from land far from where he now stand . xerxe everything you could ever desire . concubine of all shape , color and nation be bring forth for ephialtes . ( continued ) | j | 79 . continued : xerxe every happiness you can imagine . ephialtes squint he one blue eye at the spectacle . kerxe every pleasure you fellow Greeks and you false god have deny you . the dancer writhe against ephialtes ' frame . xerxe I will grant you ... for I be kind . ephialtes wipe the drool , the sheer temptation from he lip and speak . ephialtes yes . xerxe embrace I as you King and as you god. ephialtes yes . kerxe lead my soldier to the hide path that empty behind the curse spartan . ephialtes yes . the dancer reach deeper into the height of they torture body . xerxe you joy will be endless . ephialtes yes . xerxes open he impressive arm , extend he jewele hand to he Greek guest . xerxe you will create you destiny . the dancer have now thin into the b.g. the music soften and drift away . now there be only the God King and the quasimodo name ephialtes . ( continued ) | | 80 . continued : ephialtes I want it all ... land ... wealth .. woman ... and one more thing . ephiaite shuffles closer and open he eye wide for xerxes to view . ephialtes I want a uniform . xerxes fold he arm over one another and simply nod . xerxe done . ephiaite take a deep breath , as if to breathe in he newfound wealth and treasure . xerxe you will find ... I be kind ... unlike the cruel leonidas who demand that you stand . I require only that you kneel . and with that word , ephialtes lower he warpe body , head follow he hand , crumpling he weight down to both knee and bow before xerxes without more celebration or think . ext . spartan encampment the air ring as blacksmith hammer blade , shield and spear tip for the next morning 's contention . leonidas pull at he tatter cape , wander the different campfire , watch he men' face as they recover from the day . leonidas dilios , I trust that scratch have not make you useless ? dilios crouch near the firelight , bind a crude bandage across he face and head . dilios hardly , my Lord . it 's just a eye . the god see fit to grace I with a spare . leonidas my Captain ? ( continued ) * he 81 . continued : dilios rise and point to a sole campfire raging atop the ridgeline . dilios he curse the god and mourn alone . leonidas nod quietly . daxos ride into the spartan encampment . daxos leonidas , we be undone ! daxos dismount , drop the leather rein and without haste , cover the ground to leonidas . daxos undone I tell you ! daxos ' eye dart around the blackness beyond the firelight search nervously the high cliff face and then return to the King . daxos destroy . leonidas have hear enough and bark out . leonidas calm yourself . daxos breathes deep and return to he frighten rant . daxos a hunchback traitor have lead xerxes ' immortal to the hide goat path behind we ! the spartan warrior straighten to this news as if ice have be run through they vein . daxos the phocian you post there be scattered without a fight . this battle be over , leonidas . the spartan King turn he back to the arcadian . leonidas this battle be over when I say it be over , daxos . daxos continue to plead he case . ( continued ) i 82 . continued : dakos by morning , the immortal will surround we . the hot Gates will fall . leonidas spartan ! prepare for glory ! his Warrior have already begin prepare they weapon , armor and body for they share fate . daxkos glory ? have you go mad ? there be no glory to be have now . only retreat or surrender or ... death ! leonidas turn now to face the man who breed doubt into the mind and heart of he tribe . he glare into the eye of daxos . leonidas that 's a easy choice for we , arcadian . the King snap he response with a steel of character even he enemy admire . leonidas spartan never retreat ! spartan never surrender ! go spread the word ! let every Greek assemble know the bald truth ! let each among they search he own soul ! and while you be at it ... search you own . stelios hold out the rein for daxos 's horse . daxkos my man will leave with I . daxos take the loose rein in he hand . daxos godspeed , leonidas . the King be ummove , and watch daxos leap to the bare back of the pearl mare . daxos heel the horse 's side and disappear . leonidas waste not a moment and turn to he man . leonidas Children , gather around . ( continued ) 83 . continued : stelios , dilios , and spartan warrior close in around they King . leonidas the god favor we . the spartan roar out . spartan haaawooo ! leonidas tomorrow , we light a fire that will burn in the heart of all free man for all the century yet to be . the spartan stomp the dry earth in unison , like a thunder pulse that run through they all . leonidas no retreat ... no surrender ! this be spartan law ! spartan haaawooo ! leonidas move in front of he man , reach into they will and stir they soul . leonidas and by spartan law we will stand and fight and die ! the warrior erupt , pounding they shield and raise they weapon towards the star-filled blanket above . leonidas the law . we do not sacrifice the rule of law to the will and whim of man . that be the old way . the old , sad , stupid way . the way of kerxes and every creature like hin . leonidas stand clearly in front of he brave man . his red cape lift and float with he every impassion gesture . ( continued ) 84 . continued : leonidas a new age have begin . a age of great deed . a age of reason . a age of justice . a age of freedom . and all will know that three hundred spartan give they last breath to defend it ! spartan haaawoo ! from the blackest corner of the spartan encampment ... we see : leonidas ' Captain appear , like a specter of death , he face and body smear and cover , a mixture of ash , soot , and he son 's blood . leonidas my friend . leonidas reach out to he Captain . captain I have live my entire life without regret until now ... it be not that my child give he life for he country . the Captain shake he head slowly from side to side . captain oniy that I do not tell he that I love he the most , that he stand by I in honor ... that he * be what be best in I . leonidas embrace he friend for a moment . leonidas my heart be break for you loss . the Captain nod softly . captain i heart ? I have fill my heart | with hate . : the Captain look into the flicker flame and back to he King . leonidas good . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the Captain 's eye search deep into the valley , to the Persian camp below . leonidas dilios , let 's take a walk . dilios nod he bandage head . dilios yes , my Lord . ext . hot gate - night dilios and leonidas stand on a rocky patch of land away from the rest . dilios be confuse , he face plead with he King . dilios but ... but ... sire ... I be fit . I be ready for combat . leonidas that you be , one of the finest . but you have another talent unlike any other spartan . you will deliver my final order to the council with force and verve . tell they we story of honor , duty , glory , and freedom . make every Greek know what happen here , you will have a grand tale to tell . dilios feel the weight of responsibility . his King 's eye be bright and clear . . leonidas a tale of victory . dilios Victory ? dilios shake he head slightly . leonidas let the moment stretch , then smile at he . he squeeze he shoulder and , nodd , let he go . dilios yes , my Lord . dilios begin to turn and then slow . dilios sire , any message ...? ( continued ) 86 . continued : leonidas for the Queen ? leonidas be go . transport by think , across time , set free from the bond of politics and responsibility . for a fleeting moment he be just a man , separate by circumstance from he reason for live , his Love . his Queen . leonidas take hold of the wolf tooth , pull the wear leather necklace over he tired head and hand it to dilios without a word . leonidas no ... none that need be speak . the storyteller turn , then leave he King alone . ext . hot gate - dawn a false dawn come slowly , faint blue rise along coastline . dilios have gather he shield and helmet , cape and sword . he begin to walk back through the hot Gates and away . he be surround by arcadian , thespian , phocian , free Greeks all . they mutter as they go . dilios ( v.0 . ) a handful stay . from a small rise , red cape and bronze shield watch as the Greeks abandon the hot Gates . dilios ( v.0 . ) thousands leave . dilios can feel the eye of he fellow spartan and chance a look over he shoulder at he spartan brother , silhouett against the morning sky . dilios ( v.0 . ) only one look back . the retreate Greeks continue . dilios ( v.0 . ) only i. we see : dilios turn , within the river of man leave the hot Gates . he be near the end of the column which wind away through the canyon . ( continued ) 87 . continued : leonidas step slowly through he man . all eye on they Greek comrade disappear into the pass . the spartan King turn back to he man , they stand in silence . 300 spartan . the morning sun just break in the East make they backlit . cape glow like hot coal . leonidas spartan ! we hear : the collective battle cry . spartan haaawooo ! angry , deep and full of reverence for they King . leonidas ready you breakfast and eat hearty ... leonidas raise he spear and bare he tooth . leonidas for tonight we dine in Hell !!!! 300 spear be thrust towards Heaven , help up by a cry of defiance . int . spartan council chamber we hear : the chatter and conversation of the assemble . old spartan warrior , turn from use war to use word . a transition few be good at , but all carry its burden and responsibility . we see : gorgo enter from the carve penetralia . she walk alone into the acriform , chin lift , hair braid , head high before the spartan lawmaker . the advocate , statesmen , and partisan settle into primitive seat that coil around the stone floor , thrust forth a stage for the Queen to offer she word . loyalist May I give the floor now , to the wife of leonidas and Queen of sparta . the loyalist bow slightly as gorgo walk towards he . she nod and the loyalist return to he seat . ( continued ) 88 . continued : gorgo stand , radiating not only she beauty but sheer internal strength . she scan the face , appraise the crowd . she know they all , she eye even cross theron . gorgo show not a trace of emotion as she clear she throat and begin . gorgo councilman , I stand before you not only as you Queen . she shift into the amber light that now flood through the window . gorgo I come to you as a mother . the chamber quiet to she voice . gorgo I come to you as a wife . gorgo move slowly on the stage . gorgo I come to you as a spartan woman . she look to theron , lock eye with he until he pull he contact away . gorgo I come to you with great humility . theron lean forward , listen carefully . gorgo I be not alone in this room . gorgo look again to theron , she point , just past he to a statesman in the seat to she leave . theron relax . gorgo you , you son fight at he King 's side . the statesman nod to he Queen . as she turn quickly to another . gorgo have you forget you fine boy ? a partisan shake he head softly , think of he young . partisan no . ( continued ) 89 . continued : gorgo turn again , use all caution with she word . gorgo I be not here to represent leonidas . his action speak louder than my word ever could ... I be here to speak for all the voice that can not be hear . mother , daughter , son , father . gorgo take a breath , center she thought . gorgo 300 family that bleed for we rights and for the principle this very room be build upon . the Queen look to the member of the council . gorgo you must not forget from where you come . all in this chamber once carry arm , to defend sparta . you be man that now balance peace and war . that balance have be challenge . we be free only because of some fight to ensure it . i gorgo walk slowly , building she strength . gorgo we be at War , gentlemen ... we must send the entire spartan Army to aid we King in the preservation of not just ourselves , but we child . the Queen deliver with all she conviction and passion . gorgo send the Army for the preservation of liberty ... send it for justice ... send it for law and order ... send it for reason ... but most importantly send we Army hope . hope that a King and he man have not be waste to the page of history . that they courage bond we together . that we be stronger by they action and that you choice today will reflect they bravery . ( continued ) 90 . continued : we see : Men lean together , some whisper into each other 's ear , confidence be pass freely among they . theron watch as gorgo have quickly make work of he room . he clap , slowly rise to he foot . theron move , eloquent , passionate . theron rest he hand and scan the face in the chamber in silence . theron why do you waste the time of this important man ? gorgo turn to the arrogant voice . gorgo do we waste you time ? each man in this room be no more important than the next . theron you insult the council , my Queen ? gorgo that be not my intention . theron what be you intention ? gorgo speak to the seat audience with clear word . gorgo only to remind we , that each day we determine we course . theron course ? gorgo yes . this day be men' true rich . and they be be fight for at this very moment as we choose word . a statesman rise and calis out . statesman you husband have bring war upon we ! gorgo shake she head . ( continued ) | i i 91 . continued : gorgo you be wrong . xerxes bring it forth , and before that , he father Darius at marathon . the Persians will not stop until the only shelter you will find be rubble and chaos . theron begin to walk down to the stage floor . theron this chamber do not need a history lesson . gorgo watch carefully as he descend the stair . gorgo then what be the lesson you would like to leave ? theron press on . gorgo shall we begin to enumerate all of they ? honor. duty . glory . theron take the stage from the spartan Queen . theron you speak of honor , duty and glory . what of adultery ? his voice boom out into the chamber and a hush be levele onto the listener . gorgo 's eye wide , stunne by he treachery . loyalist how dare you speak out in such a manner . theron how dare I ? gorgo study the room , quickly search out friend or foe . theron watch she carefully , she be a trickster in true form . he narrow he attack . ( continued ) 92 . continued : theron do not play with the member of this sacred room , my Queen . just hour ago you lay with I . the chamber go wild at he tell . theron I have you scent on I still . i loyalist this be a outrage ! two armed spartan warrior now appear from a depression of the antechamber and flank gorgo 's leave and right side . theron you look shocked . a bribe of flesh I be give while she husband promote anarchy and war . gorgo I ... you ... theron word escape even the cleverest tongue , my little whore Queen . gorgo 's eye burn with fire feed from the pit of she stomach . gorgo you ... bastard . the spartan guard grab she just as she swing .at theron . miss he , she spit in he direction . theron what queen-like behavior . they hold she back , as she pull at they arm , struggle to free herself . the room watch , freeze by the spectacle before they . aecsngoet gorgo you will soon feel nothing ! theron remove she from the chamber before * she infect she son with she inglorious and shabby self . ( continued ) | 4 4 : 93 . continued : gorgo throw one of the guardsman off she , spin behind the other she draw he short blade , kick he clear and with one quick step bury the blade deep into theron 's midsection . gorgo I be a spartan Queen , need I remind you . theron buckle , he weight bring forward onto gorgo 's bloody hand , still hold the blade . she cut across he waistline and from beneath he elaborate frock ... we see : Persian gold piece fall and dance onto the floor , xerxes ' face forge clearly upon they for all to see . gorgo it seem every man do have he price ! gorgo lean down and whisper softly into theron 's ear . gorgo when you bone be dust , my son will be King . she twist the short blade deeper into theron . time slow : they eye lock . gorgo this will not be over quickly . you will not enjoy it . she remember he cruelty . gorgo I be not you Queen . with that word she twist the blade out . theron fall into a pile of he own blood and entrail . the Council member stand around she , some sift through the Persian gold , nodd at the traitor 's death . but most stand in awe and admire they Queen . ext . hot gate Persian archer climb down the steep cliff face and settle they body in perfect position to attack . ( continued ) 94 . continued : we see : the spartan phalanx solidify . leonidas 's eye search , he listen for the come Persian force and suddenly they appear . led by immortal . hundred of they surround what be leave of sparta 's finest . persian general my compliment and congratulation . you have surely turn calamity | into victory . the persian general step forward . persian general despite you insufferable arrogance , the God King have come to admire spartan valor and fight skill . the Persian column build behind each other . persian general you will make a mighty ally . leonidas say nothing as ephialtes push he way through the immortal and face he once King . ephialtes yield , leonidas . use you reason . think of you man . silence , save the heartbeat of the spartan to he back . ephaltes I beg you . now carry on the back of Persian slave , xerxes and he throne be bring forth for the spartan line to see . persian general listen to you fellow Greek . he can attest to the divine one 's % generosity . despite you several 4 insult . despite you horrid | blasphemy . the Lord of host be i prepare to forgive all ... and 2 more , to reward you service . xerxes ' throne rest completely and the Persian Lord sit know after day that he have the upper hand . persian general you fight for you land ...? keep they . i ( continued ) 95 . continued : the Persian force continue to build on the horizon . now thousand be display and rest at xerxes ' command . persian general you fight for sparta ...? she will be wealthier and more powerful than ever before ! leonidas and he man be still , a solid wall of rag warrior . persian general you fight for you kingship ? you will be proclaim warlord of all Greece . answerable only to the one true master of the world . xerxes wait the spartan reply , both leader defiant in they posture . persian general leonidas , you victory will be complete . if you but lay down you arm and kneel to Holy xerxes ! the spartan phalanx be unmove . weapon tune towards the Persians ' division . they wait , they racing heart , listen for leonidas , he word , the fuel to they will . elashback - ext . pindos mountain - night snow fall suspend by stretch time . the black paw of the wolf move slowly through the light snow . the young leonidas , fearless , raise he sharpen stick into a fight stance . the wolf narrow its red eye , saliva run across its fang . dilios ( v.0 . ) it have be more than forty year since the wolf and the winter cold . ext . hot gate - day ( present ) seagull hover on ocean breeze . delicate feather ripple with the wind . ( continued ) 96 . continued : dilios ( v.0 . ) and now as then , it be not fear that grip he , only a restlessness . a heighten sense of thing . the pitte and dent surface of the King 's helmet . a bead of sweat roll down leonidas ' neck . the hem of he tatter crimson cape push lightly by the wind , brush a pattern into the sand at he foot . dilios ( v.0 . ) the sea-borne breeze coolly kissing the sweat at he chest and neck . gull caw , complain even as they feast on the thousand of float dead . 10,000 arrow shiver under the tension of draw bow . the razor tooth and black eye of the immortal fight and jostle to lower spear and draw saber , barely able to contain they bloodlust . dilios ( v.0 . ) the steady breathe of the 300 boy at he back ... ready to die . for he without a moment 's pause . every one of they ... we move across the batter shield of the 300 . clear eye peer from bronze helmet . dilios ( v.0 . ) . ready to die . finally leonidas exhales deeply and slowly reach for he helmet . the Persian General watch , under grow tension . xerxes rise from he throne to better see he enemy 's surrender . dilios ( v.0 . ) his helmet be stifling ... leonidas ' helmet strike the ground bluntly . dilios ( v.0 . ) - he shield be heavy . leonidas shrug off he shield and it rattle to he foot . persian general you spear . ( continued ) 97 . continued : leonidas let he gaze run along the length of he spear past its rag tip , past even the Persian General to the hunch figure crouching among the leg and shield of the immortal . leonidas you there , ephialtes . the misshapen eye dart to avoid the King 's gaze , then chance a look to leonidas . the two hold each other 's stare for a moment . leonidas May you live forever . the moment be break . persian general you spear , leonidas . the spartan King look back down to he hand , clench around the weapon . he slowly open he hand and look back at the Persian General , let the spear fall , landing with a dusty clank ! he look one last time to xerxes stand atop he golden litter . behind 10 row of he bloodthirsty immortal . noting the wind as it dance with the black banner at the back of xerxes ' throne . we see bronze strike the earth as leonidas fall to he knee . his hand go to the rocky soil just in front of he . his head slowly bow , he eye close . elashback - ext . spartan courtyard leonidas and he son compare the size of they hand . the King 's rough palm be barely cover by the entire soft hand of he son . the boy laugh . his eye smile . Soft light move through leave , laugh with the boy as he marvel at he father 's hand . ext . spartan field gorgo sleep in waist-high golden hay . leonidas with the stem of yellow grass lay next to she . he trace the contour of she cheek , she slowly swat at it . he continue down she neck , he eye lose in she form . the nape of she neck , she collarbone , she black hair curly against the golden stalk of hay . tickle , she open she groggy eye and see she husband , softly smile . 98 . ext . hot gate - day ( present ) leonidas , eye close , let the faintest of smile fade , then with head still down , call ... leonidas stelios !! from behind the kneel King , shield part and in two crush stride , young stelios leap , spear in hand , from the cover of he spartan brother . plant a foot on he King 's back , he fly at the Persian General and , still in the air , he thrust . rib part and sever . the exite blood spray into the eye of nearby immortal as the General wither under the blow . leonidas snatch he own spear and , rise , load for a mighty throw . xerxes bare he tooth in anger at the defiant King . xerxe slaughter they !!! the air go thick with wood shaft , feather and steel . time slow : leonidas do not see the black banner at the back of xerxes ' throne fall with the lull in the wind . the only sound be that of countless arrow pounding into bronze shield , like hard rain on a metal roof . through this barrage , leonidas gather every ounce of he strength . dilios ( v.0 . ) his helmet be stifling . it narrow he vision ... we see : the Ring 's eye . calm , cold and focus on he target . dilios ( v.0 . ) - and he must see far . the spartan King 's muscle pull the spear forward as around he the Persian spindle cut he child down . dilios ( v.0 . ) his shield be heavy . it throw off he balance . leonidas let he spear fly as one after another , arrow settle into hin . ( continued ) 99 , continued : dilios ( v.0 . ) his target be far away . the spear of leonidas fly against the current of income arrow as the King cry out ! leonidas xerxe ... die ! dozen of arrow strike leonidas at once . his man fall fight . leonidas draw he sword , struggle to free it from its sheath as arrow after arrow punch through limb and sinew . dilios ( v.0 . ) the old one say we spartan be descend from hercules himself . leonidas falis back upon the body of another of he fall brother . he then push himself back to he knee . dilios ( v.0 . ) bold leonidas give testament to we bloodline . his roar be long and loud . as leonidas cry out in he glory , he spear travel silently out , away from the die spartan . time slow . it soar in a straight line . its shadow snake up the ornate carpet of xerxes ' throne . the God King do not move . he can only watch , wide - eye as the spear of leonidas , throw as he final act , graze he cheek . a small spray of blood fly from xerxes ' face as the spear stick into the back of the golden throne . the assemble host of Persian general gasp in awe at the sight of the God King 's spill blood , divine no more . the unquenchable bloodlust of the immortal rise to a fevere pitch as they bring to bear they entire arsenal of spear , arrow , sword and lance against the spartan who fight on as they die . the Captain . charge forward out of rank . dozen of arrow find they mark in he back and chest . yet , he do not fall . ( continued ) 100 . continued : leonidas watch helpless as one of the immortais plunge a spear into the Captain 's chest . the Captain take hold of it , drop shield and spear , pull it into he own body , move close to the Immortal who wield it . as life ebb from he , he grip the Immortal 's skull and twist it , snap the neck with a audible crunch . the Immortal fall beneath he . the Captain roll off , i snap the arrow that protrude from he body . : captain astinos ... he exhales deeply and die , he son 's name still on he lip . xerxes put a hand to he bleed face . overcome , he collapse to he throne . leonidas struggle to reach stelios . the two fight on ... side by side with break blade and useless shield , hack at the relentless immortal . we hear : a black and gold turbane herald ... trumpet ! through a horn of human bone , signal the : immortal to fall back so as not to be cut down by they j own archer . exhausted and mortally wounded , stelios and the King crawl back among the handful of still live spartan . Endless score of fresh archer take up position on hillside and boulder , surround on all side that which remain of the Intrepid 300 . stelios , through labor breath , he own blood run into he eye , call to he King . just foot away . stelios my King . each breath pain rise from within hin . stelios : it 's a honor to die at you side . i leonidas rise look down at stelios . leonidas it 's a honor to have live at yours . ( continued ) 101 . continued : countless archer bend bow as if the very earth around the dwindling spartan rank be not make of stone , scrub grass and cliff , but of bent ash , cat gut , and hungry iron arrow tip . we be close to leonidas ' lip , chap and splatter with dark blood . a Persian Commander nod to the herald . he inhale deeply . leonidas be calm . his voice lower . leonidas my Queen ... my wife . we hear : the horn . nest bird take flight . leonidas ' lip move , a whisper of reverence . leonidas my love ... the arrow be release as one . the lethal dark cloud race across the rugge and bloody battlefield . stelios narrow he eye and with he last breath , stand next to he King . the arrow strike a single ... drum stroke . blackness . ext . sparta hayfield - day at the edge of the city . gorgo stand waist~deep in the amber hay , it move around she , push and slant by a late summer wind . the sun be low in the West . gorgo have come to this spot many time . her brown eye scan the low hill . a figure appear at the edge of the field . the light come over he back as he move toward she . his shadow loosely move among the hay before he . he walk . we see : dilios , he batter form , a testament to he valor . Shield rutte and the cut bronze have peel back to reveal oak . his helmet be dent and tarnish . the dry blood on he makeshift eye patch . he stand before he Queen alone . her eye a thousand question . they share a silent moment of grief . she know without word the fate of she husband . ( continued ) : 102 . continued : he do not reach into pocket or pouch . he simply raise he hand from he hip , turn he palm upward and open it . there rest in the cut and callouse hand of dilios be the wolf tooth necklace . gorgo hold out she hand . eye welling . dilios let it fall then close he hand around hers . he squeeze gently . she look down and away . her face bind in grief . dilios watch she , feel he own pain . he move on , leave she frame by the wave grass . her body begin to shake . she drop to she knee . her nose run , all she spartan reserve lose . we see : a boy hurry past dilios without a look . the King 's son , pleistarchos , run , hay brush at he knee as he rush to he mother 's side . dilios turn watch from a distance . pleistarchos reach she , they embrace . gorgo 's face red and wet with tear as she look at he , see she husband 's eye . her love . she then take the leather necktie and place it over she son 's head . he bow , let it come to rest at he chest . his small finger touch it . pleistarchos put he hand on he mother 's face , gently wiping away she tear . dilios watch as the dark figure in the bright hay embrace again . he nod silently to himself and turn . int . spartan council chamber dilios still bloody from battle , chin down , brow knitted . live each moment again . his voice echoing from the stone wall . dilios stand at the center of the round room . we move : with he , rotate slowly . dilios remember we ... as simple a order as a King can give . remember why we die . the face of the spartan gallery be rivete . this be the very reason why this room be build . dilios for he do not wish tribute or song , nor monument , nor poem of war and valor . his wish be simple . remember we ... he say to I ... that it be he hope should any free soul come across that place . 103 . ext . hot gate - day we move : slowly across a still life of death . spartan brother all lay beset with arrow too numerous to count . and as we hear dilios ' voice , we be remind it be he voice which have lead we all along . dilios ( v.0 . ) in all the countless century yet to be ... oie we see : spartan after spartan , eye lock in death stare , lay atop one another . stelios . dozen upon dozen of arrow pin he to the shield he lay upon . one clear eye peer towards the sky . the other put out by Persian spindle . dilios ( v.0 . ) + may all we voice whisper to you from the ageless stone . at the center of this scene of heroic dead , arm outstretch upon the blood - soak ground in a Christ - like pose , lay the spartan King . we move : slowly upward , looking down on leonidas , he body riddled with arrow . dilios ( v.0 . ) go tell the spartan , passerby ... we continue to rise until ... we see : Ali of the falien 300 . dilios ( v.0 . ) .. that here by spartan law we lie ! * ext . campfire of war - close on dilios ' face - dawn we see : the wound have heele . he wear a leather eye patch . firelight and the blue ambience of dawn mix . dilios and so my King die , and so my brother die , barely a year ago ... * all around the fire now stand , ready for war , cape the * color of blood , helmet and shield surround dilios . ( continued ) 104 . continued : dilios Long I ponder my King 's cryptic talk of victory . time have prove he wise . dilios begin to push through the spartan warrior . they follow he from the fire . dilios for from free Greek to free Greek the word be spread that bold leonidas and he three hundred , so far from home , laid down they life not just for sparta ... we follow : dilios as he continue , the sea of spartan make way for he as he move slowly , take time to clasp shoulder with hand , meeting eye with nod . dilios ... but for all Greece and the promise this country hold . shield be pull aside and from a wall of fresh bronze , with dawn break in finger of golden light , dilios step out in front of the spartan line . he stride slowly with confidence along the barrier of shield . a forest of spear reach back into the distance , point skyward . a young squire hand dilios he shield and spear . eye burn with battle lust as dilios , never far from this tableau of spartan bronze , continue . dilios now , here on this rugge patch of Greece call plataea , xerxes ' horde face obliteration !!! we hear : a collective cry answer dilios . spartan haaawooo ! a ery like roll thunder spread across the spartan rank . low flute begin to play a haunt melody , join by slow rhythmic drumming of spear on shield . dilios spin , point with spear out across the barren landscape that lay before he . ( continued ) 105 . continued : dilios just there ... the barbarian huddle . sheer terror grip tight . they heart with icy finger know full well what merciless horror they suffer at the spear and sword of 300 ... a dilios turn back to the line of man . it disappear into * 3 the distance on both side of he . dilios .« yet they stare now across the plain at 10,000 spartan commanding 30,000 free Greeks . again he be answer with a thunderclap . | we rise : up from dilios to reveal a sea of man stretch out over the roll hill . thousands upon thousand of spartan shield blaze with the rise sun . dilios the enemy outnumber we a paltry three to one . good odd for any Greek . dilios nod into he helmet . he take hold of he spear and shield , melting back into the phalanx . dilios this day we rescue a world from mysticism and tyranny . we usher in a future brighter than anything we can imagine !! dilios lower he chin , grip tightly the leather on he shield and as one in rhythm with the flute , the spear of the spartan war machine drop into position . dilios give thanks , man , to leonidas and the brave 300 . | his eye narrow , he tooth clench . muscle and will become one . dilios to Victory !!! we see : the spartan wall of death come in full run . crimson cape snapping behind they , the ground shaking . * ( continued ) | | 1 106 . continued : foot pound and churn the earth to dust and as it thunder toward we , a razor - sharp spear tip just pass we , we TRAVEL down its length to the hoplite ' eye , full of hate , glint inside bronze , and then a shield fill our view . fade to black .