the 40 year-old virgin by judd apatow and Steve carell L @ for Educational purpose oniy establishing shot ext . apartmsnt complex - morning we reveal a nondescript apartment complex in North Hollywood California . it be not nice or ugly . it look like every other pleasant - look apartment complex in the valley . int . apartment - morning andy stitzer , a boyish look forty year old man , be asleep . his clock radio go off . it be play oldy , which now consist of rock and 's roll from the mid eighty . music up : '' heat of the moment '' by Asia . Andy sit up in bed . not happy , net unhappy , just another day . int . live room - morning Andy be do he morning workout . he be do bench press . he lift a enormous amount of weight . his face be very kind , and vulnerable , almost emotionless , but he body be rip . on a book shelf Andy have a impressive array of action figure and comic book , all in they original package . none of he vintage toy have be open . ext . apartment build ~ morning Andy step out of he apartment and unlock he bicycle . his neighbor , joe and SARA , in they mid-eighty , wave to he as he pedal off . ext . STREET - morning Andy , dress in khaki slack and a white dress shirt , ride he bicycle to work . establishing shot ext . circuit CITY - morning andy ride he bike into the parking lot of a mini-mall . the tini-mall consist of a dozen store on two storey . 2 . there be a barne and Noble book store , a Daily Grill restaurant , a nail salon , a child 's gym and a video store , but the centerpiece be a enormous circuit City . int , circuit CITY Andy walk inside . he say hello to people as he head toward the stock room . everyone politely say hello back but it be clear he have no close relationship here . he take he place at a desk which be in a open between the showrcom and the stock room . people come to he with they receipt to get they item pull from the stock room and deliver to they car . int . curcuit CITY - later Andy be stamp a female customer 's receipt . punjab , a indian salesman , be stand nearby . punjab it have be a honor do business with you . enjoy you new television . watch River run through it , it look amazing on this thing . andy Cal will you please help this woman bring she stereo to she car . cal , a pudgy twenty two year - old white man walk out of the stock room . cal ( not meaning it ) I would love to . he pick up the customer 's television and walk with the woman to she car . int . circuit CITY Andy be walk across the showroom flcor , head for the bathroom . he be stop by jay , a tall , handsome 25 year - old salesman , who be work a 40 year - old black female customer . jay Andy know all about this stuff . what be the main reason a flat - screen be better than a rear - projection ? andy the view angle be far better on a flat-screen . due to the liquid crystal display , you can watch it from any part of the room , and it 's a much better resolution . jay so sure , you will save a couple buck with rear- projection , but you have more than two people over , they be gonna have to sit on you lap to watch tv . but maybe you like that ! the woman laugh . Andy keep walk . a very attractive young woman step in he path . he look terrify . attractive woman could you help I ? andy no . attractive woman but you work here . andy yes . I be not a salesman . I stamp invoice . attractive woman I just have a quick question about CD player . andy ( quickly ) punjab or abujay will be happy to help you . ' they nre very nice . I be on a bathroom break . david , a young , short salesman quickly run up to the woman . david May I help you ? attractive woman be you punjab ? punjab walk over . punjab iam punjab . 7 be here to serve you . david I be talk to she . punjab I be punjab , I be here to serve you . Andy keep walk . David and punjab get into it . int . bathroom Andy breathes deeply , recover from the interaction with this pretty woman . int . circuit CITY - later Andy be at he post . David , jay , and Cal be a few foot away , have a conversation . cal what about Andy ? jay he do not have any money . david well , we can not play poker without at least four guy . jay all right . but he 's gotta bring at least 50 buck , or it 's not worth it . ( to Andy } hey Andy , be you busy tonight ? Andy be take aback at the question . although he 's friendly with they , they never invite he out to social engagement - andy do we have to break down the Sony truck ? david no , we be gonna play poker . you wanna play poker ? andy uh , yeah , sure , that would be cool . jay you know how to play ? andy I play on -line . david well it 's just like that , except with real people . andy ( try to be hip ) | so , uh , where 's this go down ? david my house . I x11 get you the address . andy cool , very cool . should I bring some stogy ? some liquor ? david could you stop off at Boston market and pick we up some chicken ? Three extra crispy , one original , two with fries , and two with mashed potato , extra gravy . each one with corn on the cob . andy okay . david I be just fuck with you . andy I know . you think I will pick . up you loser chicken ? I ' 11 see you guy at the game .... but do you need food ? david jay I hope he have money . int . david 's apartment - midnight the four be play poker . most of the chip be in front of Andy , who be a little toc dress up for this event . jay how much fuckin’ online poker do you play ? andy just a hour or two a night . when I be not on sim . CUT to : int . david' apartment - later david ( throw down one chip ) well , Andy , at least I feel like I have get to know you better , since you spend the last three hour fuck I in the ass . they ali laugh . andy ( giggle ) I do not fuck you in the ass . guy , this have be fun . give I a call anytime , I be wide open . cal you know what a gentleman do after he beat other gentleman ? he take they out for liquor . andy I '' game . jay I have to get out of here . I be meeting ellen . cal a little late night action . david so you just go to she place at night and bone she and leave ? and she have no problem with that ? jay no , she love it . david how come I can not get one of that ? jay do you really want I to explain it to you ? because I will . david shut up . jay this girl be the best . she will do anything . there be no filter between what she want and do it . everything be on the table . she -is-game . andy sign I up for that . I be int cal i have get to get laid . it 's be too Long . gay how long ? cal like four month . david who be the last one ? cal Jill . she be awesome . she have this huge titty . oh , I use to love to bite they . I do not even want to have sex , I could bite that titty all night . david what happen to she ? cal she be a asshole . she be mean . she be a miserable person , but I so regret break up with she . david why do you break up with she ? cal I feel like we be in different place in we life . jay yeah , you be in this place where you be have trouble get a job and she be in this place where she hate you fat ass ! cal basically . I miss that titty . andy titties be the best . david I have this girlfriend , she love the fellatio . anywhere we go , she would want to do it . cal why do not you marry she ? david we go to see Ace ventura : Pet detective . and she 's go for it , and the guy who work there see we , but he do not stop it , he just watch . it be so gross . and then I could not finish ... jay wait a second , be that Ace one or Ace two ? david it be the first : one . jay this story be over ten year oid . you do not have a sex story that happen in this millennium . david fuck you . cal that be lame . andy ah , unbelievable . so lame . david then you give we a good sex story , Andy . Andy be stop in he track . andy I do not kiss and tell . jay come on , give we a good , dirty one . the dirtiest thing you have ever do . andy ioca not . I be a gentleman . cal give I a break . you be a freak . I can tell . david Lay one on we . andy {after a breath ) ok ... well .... I go with this girl , she love have sex . she be so into it . we would have sex and she have be scream , '' I love it . '' it be so dirty . we have sex in every room in the house . the bathroom . it be like you guy be say . she want to do it on the kitchen table . I come home and she be on the kitchen table naked ' cause she just want I to nail she ... david and do you nail she ? 10 . andy I nail she so bad . we be swinging from the chandelier . she be crazy . it be never enough with she . never enough . jay what be she name ? andy tan-dra . man it be so crazy . cal sound crazy . andy I be embarrassed to even talk about it . God , I be really into it , too . it be so much fun . david do you like to talk during sex ? andy she be talk the whole time . it be hit it big time . just hit if . she could barely walk the next day . I so horny . they all laugh , and look at each other , realize Andy be full of shit . jay so you really use to do she ? andy oh , I do she so bad . jay what be she tit like ? andy they be good . good tit . cal her nipple ? andy yeah . nipples . david what be they like ? ai. andy they be good one . jay give we some detail . be they long nip ? flat nip ? Dark areolas ? be they big silver dollar nip ? andy they be like a dollar . like ten dollar . david what ? cal huh ? andy like ten time a night . david ten time . andy maybe twenty . jay do you last a long time ? andy oh yeah . cal how long ? andy a hour. david of screwing . andy yeah . sometimes a little less . jay so ten time would take at least ten hour . do you rest in between ? andy no . I do not need to . 12 . david you start right up . andy why not . why waste time ? cal so sex with you could take a whole day . andy yeah . more even . david do you use protection ? andy sometimes , I do not really need to . cal do you use a rubber , or a sponge ? andy I always use a sponge . sometimes two at a time . what do you guy use ? all sponge . jay do you get a lot of back door action ? david come on , that 's enough . andy that 's cool . we do back door . side door . we be do all the door . ( joke ) and a couple of window . jay you have no idea what we be talk about . andy sure I do . 13. jay olaugh ) oh my God . andy what ? jay you be a fuck virgin . andy what ? shut up . yeah , okay . tell fandra that . if I be a virgin tandra 's a virgin , too . jay you be . andy not since I be ten , my friend . jay unbelievable . andy ha . that 's funny . this be fun . when do you guy lose you virginity ? jay no , no , no . you have never pop you cherry . david leave he alone . jay what ? david do not be mean . jay I be not be mean . he 's a virgin . io want to help he . I want to get he laid . cal yes. let 's get Andy laid . andy come en guy . very funny . 14 . jay I be gonna make it my mission to get you laid . david be cool . jay I be gonna be Andy 's best friend . I be Andy 's pimp . we be gonna change you life . CUT to : int . andy 's apartment he be pace around furiously . it look like he be talk to he unwrapped action figure . andy they know , they know , they know they will forget by tomorrow . they be just screwing around . ( beat ) oh no ! dammit . oh no . oh no . int . circuit CITY - next day Andy walk in , hope nobody remember . andy good morning , David . david Morning , Andy . andy good morning , Cal . cal good morning . he see jay . oh no . andy day . jay Morning , Andy . @ ~ & Andy smile . they forget . it be in the past . haziz walk up to Andy . andy Morning , haziz . hazi2z we have get to get you some pussy . ( turn to female salesman ) this boy need to get laid . andy goed morning , rebra . Andy run to the stockroom , and close the door , and breathes deeply , almost hyperventilate . jay walk in . jay tonight , after work , you be come out with we . and it 's gonna happen . he exit . Andy be white as a ghost . eo ext . STREET - day Andy be run down the street at full speed . we see David be chase he . he finally catch up to he on the median strip of ventura Blvd . CUT to : david Andy , stop . just taik to I . you be gonna get kill out here . they sit on the center divider . andy I do not want to go out with you guy . david just relax , you do not have to do anything . andy I be busy tonight . I have plan . david you do not have to go out with we 4 tonight if you do not want to . 16 . andy I be forty year old , you can not tell I what to do . david Andy . just relax . andy this be bullshit . this be total bullshit , man . david I be sorry . andy you have invade my privacy . this be not funny . it 's my life . I be fine . my life be fine . david okay . it 's fine . we just think , maybe you need a little push . andy I do not need a push . you ever think that some people find sex sacred ? it 's not a game . this be a choice . david to be a virgin . I be sorry . for do not realize you be so religious . andy well , it be . okay I be not . but it 's my own personal choice . david okay , but why would you make that choice ? Andy start cry , he be mouth open in a silent scream , but no noise come out . david breathe Andy , breathe . andy there 's more to life than sex . it do not need sex . why be that so important to everyone ? what 's the big deal ? 17 . david if you nre happy with the way you life be , then fine , but you have to ask yourself , be you happy ? do not you ever wonder if there 's something more out there ? andy I lead a pretty full life . quick flash of andy 's life --run -- work out -- buying action figure -- Building a elaborate model -- go to sleep . the clock say 9:15 pm . back to scene andy what be I miss ? david I do not know . you be not just miss out on sex , you be miss out on relationship . how often do you even leave you apartment ? what about friend and love and take chance ? and most of all , you be miss out on sex . what be you crazy , that 's the best thing on earth . you can not live you entire life and not experience that . hiding from that be shutting '' you down from everything else . andy you know , we have be work together for three year , and I think this be the first time we have ever have a conversation that last longer than fifteen second . david see , good thing be happen already . 18 . andy so what can I do ? david come out with we tonight . no pressure . we will just have some fun . andy I do not want to have sex with anyone tonight . david do not worry . you will not have sex with anyone tonight . ext . CITY STREET - day Andy be walk home . everything he see seem sexual . it be as if he have see all of this for he entire life but never notice it before . he see ~ -- a normal lock middle age woman walk down the street . he look away as if she be pure sex . a gorgeous eighteen year old girl with no bra and a low cut T - shirt . he turn away and try to hide at a newsstand . he look down . quick cut -- every cover be of a gorgeous , busty woman . he walk away and stop at a bus stop , just want to get home . the bus pull up and on the side of it be a billboard of a perfume ad with a naked man and a naked woman . we only see they body , no face . it could not be dirtier . Andy panic and start rumning down the street . as he run the bus pull out and be drive at the same rate of speed as Andy . he can not escape this dirty billboard no matter how fast he run . finally the bus stop at the next light and he lose it , but immediately a new bus drive parallel to he with a even dirtier billboard of a couple , body naked and intertwined , clearly do something he 's never do . Andy cut right and start run through a neighborhood . he cut through house and lawn . he see two dog have furious sex on a lawn . he cut into the wood and run and run . 19 . int . andyn apartment Andy run in and close the door . he lie down on he bed and turn on the tv . he channel surf . every commercial and program have something filthy on it . - a soap opera with people kissing . -a commercial for viagra . ~ Paris Hilton almost naked on entertainment tonight . - teenager make out on MTV . -a dirty rap video with ton of barely dress woman and 4 rip rapper . he shut the tv and close he eye as tightly as humanly possible . suddenly we hear the sound of he elderly neighbor laugh , then have very loud sex . the wall behind Andy bang and shake . then stop . then bang and shake even louder . Andy run into the bathroom . int . bathroom - continuous Andy turn on the water , flush the toilet , put he finger in he ear and close he eye . andy ( to himself . ) everything 's gonna be ok . everything be gonna be ok . int . bar - night jay , David , and Cal be talk to a overdress Andy . jay David tell I to be sensitive , so I be go to be sensitive with you . it be important that you lose you virginity , you be forty year old . enough be enough . this be a hump you just need to get over . be you ready to try ? andy David say I do not have to have sex tonight . jay David be wrong . you do . david come on , jay . andy tonight ? no. jay yes , tonight . what 's the difference between tonight and any other night ? andy ok , T will try , but ... cal it 's easy . just do what I do . only hit on drunk chick . andy I can not take advantage of someone when they be drunk . cal Te 's not take advantage of they . people drink so that they have a excuse to do the thing they really want to do . david that 's why I drink ... and smoke pot ... andy I do not know . this do not feel right . jay yes , you do know . you have get to get this behind you . and it all start now . 20 . CUT to : @ '' int , bar - later Andy , jay , David and Cal be huddle . jay hand Andy a beer . jay just walk up to a woman , but if she 's not drunk , just move on . it 's not worth waste you time . Andy walk around the bar , scoping out woman . angle on a table fill with pretty , young woman . woman#h1 I just need to get laid tonight . it 's as simple as that . woman #2 you nve be work so hard at work , you deserve to just have some fun . you never do anything wild . woman # 1 ea tonight I be go wild . the first nice guy that even talk to I , I '' gonna take he home and rock he world , womanh 2 you go , girl . Andy walk up to the table . andy good evening , lady . lady good evening . hi. the other woman move off so woman # 1 can talk to Andy . they give she the eye like '' this be the one . " andy how be you do tonight ? woman #1 great . and you ? 22 . andy never better . can I buy you a few drink ? woman #1 I be not really much of a drinker . but why do not you sit down ? andy no thanks . it be nice to meet you though . have a good night . he walk away . she do not understand what just happen . andy ( to David ) she be not drunk . man , this be gonna be hard . cur to : int . bar - later close up : andy andy E like what I do , 1 just do not know if manage a stock room be what I dream of do when i be in high school . we pull out and reveal that he be talk to a drunk woman who be ' pass out , face down on the bar . David walk over . david ( look at the girl ) that 's drunk . andy oh , ok . david come hang out with we . we nre party with this girl who be have a bachelorette party . andy be man allow at that ? 23. david shut up . come on . as Andy walk away , he turn to the drunk woman . andy it be nice talk to you . have a good night . int . bar - later the guy be hang out with eight drunk woman , who be throw they friend jill a bachelorette party . the table be litter with empty glass and filthy adult novelty item . jay be play with one of the vibrator . he talk into it like it be a phone . jay Mr. President . we have a situation in the erection room . everyone be laugh hysterically . Cal have edible underwear on he face and he be eat through it . cal it taste like chicken . they be laugh so hard , as only drunken people can laugh at semi-humorous joke . david this guy will eat underwear that 's not even edible . they laugh . Andy put a huge fake penis on he head , try to join in on the fun . andy hey , look at I . T have a huge penis on my head . they give he a look and a little chuckle , then go back to they business . cuT to : 24 , int . bar - later tt be a little quieter now . everyone be a little drunk , except Andy who hold the same beer which he have not take a sip out of . Andy be talk to a pretty blonde , nicky . nicky ( drunk ) the guy Robin 's marrying , Jimmy , be such a good guy . I hate he for two year cause he cheat on this ether friend of mine . but he 's really change . he 's a gocd guy mow , andy that 's good that she 's marrying a good guy . nicky she deserve it . we all do . we have all be friend since we be six . be not that sick ? andy that 's nice to have good friend you have know for a long time . nicky you have kind eye . andy thank you . you have -- she kiss he hard on the mouth . lot of tongue . when it end , Andy look like he do not know where he be . nicky this be get lame . let 's get out of here . before Andy can say anything , she pull he up and be walk he towards the exit . Andy look back at he friend , who be so excited that they be high five and give nim the thumb up . ext . bar andy and nicky be get into nicky 's car . 25 , nicky be you drunk ? andy no , not really . nick blow into this . nicky hold up a rubber hose that be somehow attach to the dashboard . andy ( not understanding . ) ...- sure , ok . andy blow into the rubber tube . nicky put the key in the ignition . and start the car . nicky thanks ! off of andy 's confuse look we cut to : int . car nicky be drive . nicky ( mid-conversation ) ... he 's like , '' you be such a b-i-t - C -h , '' pardon my french , and I be like , '' shut up , you loser . '' '' I hate you gut . '' '' I hate you fuck gut . '' pardon my french . you know what I mean ? God , I hate people who be stupid asshole . they be such asshole . you know ? andy yeah , I hate that . ass ... nicky who 's you name again ? nicky be clearly drunk . andy Andy . 26 . nicky Andy , let I tell you something . do not ever be name Dan . because Dan be a jerk name . andy okay . nicky I be total cereal . Dan be a bad person name . Dan rhyme with man and man jerk off , and he be a jerk eff . you know what I mean ? andy I think so . nicky be drive become increasingly erratic . andy ( noticeably uncomfortable ) so where do you live ? nicky not with jerk -o . no fuckin’ way , baby . I do my time . he 's someone else 's problem now ... do you think I be pretty ? she turn to ask the question and run through a red light . two car narrowly avoid a crash . andy be 's quickly appreciate the danger of this situation . andy {reaction to near miss ) oh , god. yes. crap . nicky look at mé . you nre not look at I . come on . look at my face . do you think I be pretty ? nicky be look at andy . her eye do not even glance at the read . andy 's eye be glue to the road , fill with abject terror . nicky ( scream ) look at I ! C nar ( scream ) you're pretty . you 're so pretty . I want to live . nicky thank you . you know if you man would just offer up a nice compliment like that every once in a while , there would be no poverty . andy lock puzzle . nicky you be cute . kiss my mouth . andy do not move nicky get over here . nicky forcefully pull he to she . andy be now practically sit on nicky 's lap . he the road , she look at he . '' nicky I like you . you be not a jag ... she pause to vomit a little in she mouth . nicky .. off. nicky kiss he . andy maybe I should drive . nicky ( playfully ) you do not know where I live . andy you could tell I . nicky hey , that 's awfully forward of you . nicky begin tonguing andy 's ear . 27 . lock down 28 . andy ( laugh ) that tickle ! andy be now try to help nicky steer the car . she be giggle while tonguing , he alternate between laughter and paralyze fear as the car narrowly avoid strike pedestrian , other car , tree etc . finally , nicky look up . nicky ( casually ) oh , this be I . nicky pull the steering wheel hard and the car do @ complete 360 and come screeching to a halt between two park car , in front of a nondescript apartment building . nicky we be here . nicky look deep into andy 's eye . nicky my Mom 's stay over tonight , so let 's just do it here . wicky start to take off she shirt . andy maybe I should be mosey home . nicky start to cry . she then abruptly begin to laugh . then she vomit on andy . nicky I be so sorry . it think I eat some bad shellfish sandwich . nicky continue to take off she clothes and kiss Andy . nicky hurry up , then we can get breakfast . andy be clearly repulse and traumatize . andy I really need to get go . we see that nicky have vomit on she cheek . 25 . nicky ok , fine , you less . andy I be just gonna go , I think . thank you . I have a really nice time . nicky I all give you a lift . nicky put the car in drive and smashes into the park car three foot in front . the second car hit a fire hydrant which then blast water through the open window of a nearby apartment . nicky oh my God ! I can not believe that if smashed my neighbor 's car , and that he car run over the fire hydrant , and that the fire hydrant ruin the inside of that apartment ... not again . you have to switch place with I . andy what ? nicky if this go on my record , I ' 11 lose my licence , I will not be able to get to work , I will lose my job . nicky start to cry again . nicky please please ! please ... Mr. '' not Dan guy . in the distance , we hear siren and see the glow of flash light . nicky just change seat with I . please , '' not Dan guy . '' andy I do not want to get into trouble . nicky you will not '' not Dan , '' you will not . do you have a record ? 30 . andy no ... nicky then you will be fine , believe I , I know how this work . they 'o 1l act all serious and scary , and then they 's / 11 let you off with a warning . ( beat ) and do not act suspicious , there 's a gun under you seat . it 's my ex 's . they quickly switch seat . a police officer lean he head imto the car . andy good evening , Officer . police office everyone alright here ? nicky he be drive the car , he say he be fine to drive . ( to Andy ) liar ! off of Andy 's shocked lcok we . CUT to : int . holding cell - night the cell be small and be pack with at least thirty hardcore - lock criminal . we hear they cursing at each other . it sound like a gang fight be about to explode . the camera pan across the face and finally find Andy , look terrify and slightly bruise . int . circuit CITY - morning Andy be in a rage as he complain to David , jay and Cal -- who can not stop laugh . andy it 's not funny . david tf it be not you , you would admit it be funny . 31 . andy you know why it happen ? karma . you do not hit on drunk girl . it 's not right . cal it 's so right . andy there 's get to be a better way that work . cal it have not find it . jay we do not tell you to switch seat with she when the cop come . andy I be try to be a gentleman . david why do you even let she drive in the first place ? andy because I be not think straight . you get I so revve up about ( whisper ) have sex {normal voice ) that I do not use my brain . cal sound like you do not use anything else . do anything eventful happen ? andy she throw up on I . they explode with laughter . andy keep laugh , because this be over . jay easy . no it 's not . we just need a new approach . 32 . david how about ... and I know this sound crazy .. we set he up with girl that have not be drink heavily ? jay I do not know . andy well I do . I want to meet a nice girl . maybe even someone I actually like . I be not a animal . I do not want to prey on people . TI want to find someone who will like I for who it be . jay first of all I think that 's a mistake . but if that 's what you want , then we be gonna have to make some change with you . some real change . music up : montage of andy getting a makeover int . hair salon - day Andy be get a haircut . when he look at he haircut , it be mean to be short and a little european , but the coolness of the haircut make he look silly . the guy look at it and smile . Andy look happy with it . int . hair waxing station - day Andy lay on he stomach on a table . a woman pour hot wax on he back , let it dry for a moment , then rip it off -- leave a huge strip of whiter - than - white skin in the middle of his-hairy back . quick cut * she strip off several more hunk of hair from he back and chest . * we see tear of pain come down Andy 's face . this could not hurt more . * finally Andy , red face and miserable , stop she as she be about to pull off a huge strip . 33 . he get up and start put on he shirt . only two third of he body hair have be remove , and he look insane . int . chess king men' store - day Andy come out of the dress room wear a eurotrash shirt . the guy like it . he be a new man . ' cur to : ext . mini mall - day day , Andy and David be walk to get coffee . jay you look good . david better than good . oddly good . jay now you need to learn how to talk to woman . andy I get nervous and I lock up . tf never know what to say . ay the key be , you do not say anything . make they taik . andy how do you do that ? jay dust ask they . question . Girls love talk . let they . andy what if they ask I a question ? jay then answer they question with a question . david it make you seem mysterious . you talk too much about yourself , you look needy . put they on the spot . 34 . they walk by brentano 's book store . there be a pretty blonde in she mid-twenty put book on a shelf . jay go give it a test run . Andy hesitates . David push he . Andy relent int . brentano ‘s - cont . Andy walk inside and approach the blonde woman . at she badge , which say beth on it . she turn and see Andy . he act very confident . beth can I help you ? andy I do not know . can you ? she smile . beth be you look for something ? andy be there something I should be look for ? she be instantly on the spot . for the first time , actually have the upper hand . beth we get a lot of great meew book in . it depend on what you like ? andy what do you like ? beth I ? = do not know . andy do you know ? beth to tell you the truth , I do not read much . so I can recommend a book , put T would just be ... bulishit . he look he 35 . andy thanks for not bullshit I ...? beth Beth . and what 's you name ? andy it 's Andrew . beth do not tell on I , Andrew . andy I will not . unless you want to be tell on ? she smile . he walk out , cock of the walk . his friend , who have be listen , walk out after he . ext . mini mall ~ moment later jay that be incredible . andy it feel good , not have to talk much . david that 's the key . make they feel weird so you do not have to . jay you like she ? andy yeah , but ... she can not be the one . david why not ? andy ' Cause it will be bad with the first one . what if I want to ... make she my girlfriend ? she will not do that if it 's ... terrible . jay now he want a girlfriend ? I like this . we be make some progress @ 36 . . int . andy ‘s home - dusk Andy be clean up the already clean apartment when the deorbell ring . he answer it . it be David . andy hey . how do you know where I live ? david it 's on the staff list at work . what , you be not go to invite I in ? Andy let David in . David be carry a plastic baq . david I just come by because I be think , it seem like you have kind of shut yourself down . .. sexualiy speak , and i want to help you open yourself up again . andy a I do not know . I be not into that . david what ? no . be you serious ? andy what ? david what do you mean ? andy nothing . david I just bring some movie and stuff over that I think would help you ... be -energize that side of yourself . CUT to : int . andy 's apartment - dusk they be watch tv . ' they both sit on the couch , but at far ' opposite side . 37 . on the tv the dirty scene from the Blue lagoon . david this be good , huh ? Andy look really uncomfortable . cuT to : on the tv the Brittany Spears '' slave '' video . the Christina aguilera '' dirty '' video . Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone have sex in ' Basic instinct . 's Michael Douglas and Glenn Close have sex in ' fatal attraction . ' Michael Douglas and demi Moore have sex in ' disclosure . 's angle on andy and david david this have get to be work for yor . do you fee ] the animal in you come back to life ? be the bear waking up from he hibernation ? bndy can not handle it anymore . he take the tape cut and hand it to Andy . andy I think you should go now . I be get very uncomfortable . david do not act like I be the weird one . this be how God create we . to be horny . you be deny he wish . andy . I be not deny anything , I just think you should go now . david Andy , you be like all of this action figure you collect . 38 . he pull a GI Joe off of the wall . it be in its original box . david you be all seal up , in the original package . you have never let you true self out . David open up the box . Andy squeal . andy you be not suppose to open that . david yes you be , so you can play with it . David pull GI Joe 's pants down , revealing a smooth flat crotch area . david do not wind up like doe here . you stay in the box too long and you dick fall off . andy he never have a dick ! David exit . david you do . once . what happen ? Andy close the door on he . he pace around he house . flashback we see Andy as a teenager . he lay on a bed as a gorgeous young girl take she top off and then jump on he . girl I can not believe you have not do this yet . you be gonna love it . she step and suddenly look disappointed and a little annoyed . girl Jesus Andy , what 's the matter with you ? 39 . andy nothing , I just get excited . wait , it will happen again . girl not with I . I be not gonna have sex with someone who be do before I take my shirt off . andy I '' sorry . girl you should be . I be gonna fuck you brain out . present day Andy pace around . he realize that David leave some of he tape there . he put one in . on the tv the film 9 1 /2 week . angle on andy it be clear what he be about to do . angle on the tv the sex scene with ali the food play out . close up of andy'' face he smile , totally relaxed and relieved . CUT to : ext . apartment - night David be knock on Andy 's door . the door open and Andy be stand there look like he just have the great orgasm of he life . his face look completely relaxed , he walk as if he have no energy leave in he body . david nleok at he ) my God , I have be go for one minute . < i just get to my car and realize I fergot some of my movie . 40 . andy T will get they for you . david no . you can keep they . andy I be sorry . david nothing to be sorry about . Mission accomplish . you be aliveti ! ext . all STAR sport bar - parking lot Andy , jay , restaurant which say he laugh fives he . Cal and David be walk from they car to the . ' there be a huge banner hang on the building . '' welcome speed dater . '' andy speed dating ? I do not know . jay it 's just like regular dating , but you eliminate all of the fat . the talk and the wait for the light to come on to see if she 's good look . david you get two minute with each girl . you meet twenty girl in forty five minute . it would take you a year to meet that many woman . cal more like a decade . and lift he hand for a high five . nobody high cal that be not so bad . andy t be scared . I do not do well under pressure . jay dust do what I tell you to do . ask they question . put they on the spot . 41 . jay ( cont would ) you have a better chance of get they to like you if they be feel awkward and insecure about themselves . cal all I need be for one girl in twenty to dig I . I can work with this odd . david when it 's over you tell they which girl you like , they tell you if any of that girl want to get to know you better . and if there be any match you guy exchange phone number . or email . I be not sure . andy do you think this will work ? david any girl whe do this must be desperate , so we be in luck . andy {to jay ) do not you have a girlfriend ? jay not today . int . all STAR sport bar - moment later all of we guy be sit at different table . there be twenty table and a man and a woman sit at each table . a buzzer goe off on andy 's table Andy be talk to a bitter woman . andy hi , my name be Andy . what 's you name ? bitter woman my last boyfriend be a cheating asshole . I hope you be not like that . 42 . andy I do not think I be . bitter woman I be just sick of the bullshit . andy I '' sick of the bullshit . bitter woman Fucking man . andy you be preaching to the convert . buzzer goe off all of the people move one table over , switch partner . Andy look over to he friend , terrify . cal {to Andy ) be not this awesome ?! andy no ! on jay' table jay talk to a gorgeous boring girl . boring girl but I do not see myself as a model , I be much more creative than that . but I like to travel and it give I time to focus on my write . I be write a book about modeling . jay stare at she body . jay you be fascinating . she smile . buzzer on cal ‘s table Cal be talk to a unattractive fifty year old woman who look like a butch lesbian . he look miserable . 43 . butch lesbian so I say to myself , maybe I do like guy . how will I know if I do not ever give it a shot ? maybe it 's not as gross as I think it be . buzzer on david' table David be talk to a black woman . for some reason he be talk like a gangster . david {like a wigger ) and I do not play that shit , dog . I be all about the benjamin . treating my woman real good . give she the sweet bling bling . I do not mess with no ho 's either . no bitch for this player . I love lady with a capitol liaz-el . what up with you ? when the black woman reply she speak in a normal , educate fashion . black woman well , 1 see what you be say , and I appreciate you candor , but I have one question . what the fuck be you talk about ?! buzzer on cal' table Cal be talk to a very young woman . ' they be get along qreat . cal you be so sweet . we should go out some time . very young girl I would love to , but not on a school night . this be my junior year of high school and TI need to keep my grade up if I want to get into a good college . 44 , cal how old be you ? very young girl sixteen . ( whisper ) I snuck in here , but do not tell anyone . Cal think for a beat , then reluctantly get up and get one of the people run the event . cal I '' sorry , but this young lady should go . she 's sixteen . very young gir , what ?!! what be you , a faggot ?! she storm out . Cal look bum . buzzer on andy 's table Andy be talk to a woman with ton of scary look tattoos . andy I find tattecos to be beautiful . I like art . tattco woman I guess you could say I be addict . guy like to kiss I , but they get really into kissing Satan . she reveal a tattoo of the devil on she upper chest . cuT to quick cut of Andy 's short date . each one cut off by the buzzer . there be transition shot of he change table . girl do you like oral sex ? andy by oral do you mean ... phone sex ? buzzer . buzzer . buzzer . buzzer . buzzer . buzzer , buzzer . buzzer . 45 . andy I guess I love Jesus . I do not not love he . andy I think I be kind . I be not mean . oh , you want I to be mean ? andy I think marijuana be fine . if you like it . I be not a regular smoker . I smoke it two time , about eleven year ago . actually someone force I to smoke it . by force . andy no , I have not have sex with two girl at the same time . not two , andy I do not care if you have be to prison . as long as you learn you lesson . andy I like to cuddle . I think . andy I go to college . Jr. college . tf do not get a degree . there be no degree . actually it be a technical college . technically it be a art and craft class at summer camp . andy I never cheat on woman . I be quite monogamous . to myself even . buzzer . buzzer . buzzer . the woman buzzer . buzzer . buzzer . buzzer . 46 . andy do I think I could love you ? it 's hard to know now ... andy do I snore ? I do not know . how would you know ? andy I like riding bike . I ride my bike to work . ( beat ) = do not have a car . get up and leave . andy ( genuinely concerned ) be you okay ? andy how much do I have in the bank ? be you allow to ask I that ? ok , eleven thousand dollar . andy do I think woman should work ? if they want to . you do not want to work ? ever ? andy I do not hit people , even if they do like it . I would feel weird about that . but I be not judge . on david' table David sit down at a table and see he ex girlfriend , amy . she look piss . 47 . david I be just here the help out a friend . amy bullshit . you be so gross ! I be so glad I break up with you . david I be gross ?! you be here . you be gross ! amy T be not here to get laid . I be here to find a nice man . david at. speed dating ?! amy this just make I realize I make the right decision . david and I make the right decision accept you decision , skank . amy pinky dick . the buzzer go off . they switch table . suddenly Amy be sit across from Andy . she look enraged . andy ( sense anger ) hi , I be Andy . ( beat ) I be gonna be quiet now . the buzzer go off and they walk off . ext . parking lot the guy be walk to they car , go over they scorecard . jay at least four I think would do I right now . cal which four ? 48. david that be a good group . eleven have big. boob . four have good boob . and five have small boob . overall , a nice turnout . what do you think , Andy ? Andy can barely talk he be so flustered from this experience . david Andy , be you okay ? andy that be ... too much . too fast . very fast . do not like , I be gonna go home . int . circuit CITY - day jay walk over to Andy . jay come out to the floor . Andy walk out on the floor . Cal and David be there . also stand there be the floor manager , paul . paul Andy , I be short a man today , so i need you to be a salesman this afternoon . andy what ? I be not a salesman . paul nobody know the equipment like you . I have be think about it , and 1 think you destiny be on the floor . the indian salesman , aboojay , walk over . aboojay what ?!! we need no salesman . I sell . this be bullshit . paul this be not bullshit . and I recommend you show some respect or you will be sell ... something elee ... somewhere else . 49 . andy he 's right . I have not earn the right . paul what be you talk about ? you have work here longer than I . long than anyone . it would be fair if you be my boss . andy thank you , but no thank you . paul ( get annoyed ) Andy , I be try to get you laid . the guy say you need to get woman . there be no better singles bar than that floor , it be a chick magnet . so accept my kind invitation before I rescind it . andy thank you . paul enjoy . Paul walk away . andy guy . I appreciate you do this , but I have to admit , I be really scared . I be not good at talk with woman . it be hard enough when they be drunk . and that do not even turn out well . david come on . fear the fear and do it anyway . andy you be right . jay the floor be hopping . look , we / have get a gorgeous young blonde at nine ofclock . a red head at twelve . and a brunette goth hotty at three . take you pick . 50 . aboojay this be wrong . very wrong . cal come on , he need to be with a woman . aboojay I do not care about that . dust do not fuck with my customer . my customer be my customer , not you customer . you fuck with they , I fuck with you . jay push he away as if he be five year old . jay abcojay , get the fuck out of here . go have a hamburger . ( to Andy ) ready . Andy take a deep breath , nod and head out onto the floor . he see the gorgeous blonde . he walk toward she with a look of determination . as he get within five foot he start walk faster , turn a corner and walk up to a old man . andy {to the old man} good afternoon . and how may I help you ? old man I be look for a tv . andy well , you be talk to the right guy . jay , David and Cal watch with disappointment . david when he 's do with he we will get he to talk to a girl . dissolve to : int . circuit CITY ~ a hour later Andy be talk to the old man , only now he have several box in front of he . equipment Andy have sell he . sl . cal he 's be work that guy for a hour . david he filibuster so he do not have to talk to a girl . dissolve to : int . circuit CITY - another hour later Andy be walk with the old man to the stock room where Andy take he ticket . andy this man be get a dvd player , vcr , tivo , surround sound speaker and a flat screen television with high definition capability . old man thank you , young man . you be the best salesman I have ever meet , you be such a help . andy you be sure you do not need anything else ? possibly a car stereo . old man not today . but thank you . I / ' 11 be back . the old man walk off . Andy look relieved . right then a very pretty forty five year old woman walk up to he . woman Excuse I , can you help I ? Andy be flummox . andy help ? you ? uhm . I be about to take my break . woman it will not take long . andy okay . @ 52 . |s trish hi , I be trish . andy Andy ... be my name . int . circuit CITY - later Andy be nervously help trish . andy you do not want this vcr . trish really ? I hear this be the best one . andy it 's not , really . vcr technology be very simple . basically , no vcr be that much better than another . vcr . the expensive one do not give you a better picture , they just a lock cooler , and have more button which you would never use . Andy point out a standard look vcr . andy this one have the feature you need and it be a third less than the cool - lock one . unless you really want a cool - look one . then you should get this one . ' Cause it do look cool . it 's black . have a lot of light . trish look be not a factor . andy great . then we have find what you need . the old man that Andy be help previously walk over to Andy . old man Excuse mé . be there anyone who can '' help I set up what I buy ? she like something about he . to do about it , Andy get nervous . old man ( cont would ) I be not very technically minded . and quite frankly , I can barely see my own hand . andy where do you live ? cld man right down the street on moorepark . andy I can swing by on my way home from work and set it all up if you like . old man how much would that cost I ? andy nothing . it would be my pleasure . I would enjoy it . old man that 's very kind of you . andy you be do I the favor . I like hook up tvs and stereo . it 's like solving a big puzzle . old man thank you . maybe I could bring in something for you to eat . andy and maybe I will gladly eat it . just give you address to the man at the stock room . the old man walk off . trish look at Andy . 53. Andy look at she stare at he for a moment , try to figure he andy well , have a good day . trish Andy . it 's Andy , right ? andy last time I check . ( nervous laugh ) as she figure out what 54 . trish do you want to go out some time ? andy ( swallow ) Excuse I ? trish I do not mean to be forward . I be sorry . andy no . do not be sorry . trish I just ... I do not know , I think it might be fun . you seem like a good guy . andy I would love to . that seem like something I would like , and ... yeah . in fact , I be just about to ask you . trish I beat you to it . andy ( nervous laughter ) yes you do . trish great . this will be fun . and do not worry , I be not go to ask you to set up my vcr . andy I would do it . trish I be joke . andy oh. okay . {mot get it } but I would do it . they smile at each other . 55 . int . circuit CITY Andy be tell David and jay what happen . david see , I tell you this be the move . jay who 's the girl ? Andy point to trish who be pay for she vcr . jay her . oh man , you hit the jackpot . she be a waitress next store . I go out with she two year ago , and she be ready to go . andy now I do not want the go out with she . jay I do not do anything . we just have one kiss . andy oh , okay . when Andy look the other way jay gesture with he hip that he have sex with trish . when Andy turn back he stop . jay good for you , man . this be good . int . restaurant ~ night Andy and trish be eat dinner . trish that 's so funny that we work in the same mini mall and we have never see each other . andy I have see you . I eat at the restaurant you work at on Monday 's . trish really ? every Monday ? 56 . andy yeah . I would eat there more , I just do not want to get sick of it . trish have I ever wait on you ? andy maybe a couple of time . it be clearly way more than a couple of time . trish how long have you work at circuit City ? andy nine year . trish wow . do you like it ? andy not really . but it 's a good job . trish what would you like to be do ? andy I have a collection of antique toy . I would like to open a store that sell that kind of thing . maybe some comic book . I do not know if I ' 1l ever be able to do it . trish sure you will . you could do anything . andy that 's nice of you to say . what about you ? trish I want to work at that restaurant for the rest of my life . I have no goal or dream . they have all be drain out of I . andy that 's not true . 57 . trish I just want to be happy . I do not care what I do , I just do not want it to be too hard . less hour . I guess what I be say be I want to retire . Andy laugh . trish ( sweetly ) what be with you ? andy what ? trish there be something about you . I can not tell what it be . andy , be it bad ? trish I think it 's good . but I do not know . be you for real ? andy I be real . trish good . CUT to : int . trish 's apartment - day Andy and trish walk in the apartment . trish can I get you a cocktail ? andy sure . do you have orange soda ? tt 's okay if you do not . most people do not buy orange soda on a regular basis . I do not know why . it 's really good . out of the blue , she kiss he hard on the mouth . the kiss last a long time . at first he do not know what to do , but after about ten second , he actually participate . 58 . when she stop kissing and look at he , he could not be redder . he be stunne , but there be happiness in there . trish let 's go in the other room . int . bedroom - moment later trish jump under the cover . she pulis off she shirt then reach under the sheet and remove she pants and underwear . trish come on . andy oh. okay . Andy get under the cover with all he clothes on and kiss trish , who be now completely nude . he seem to be get the hang of it . there be a lot of pent - up energy there . trish wow , you really like kissing . andy I do . trish take off you clothes . andy really ? trish be this too fast ? I never do this . andy no . Andy take he pants off , but strangely , leave on he shirt . probably to cover he bad wax job . fvish shut the light . they kiss passionately . she take off he shirt . trish do you have protection ? andy I do not like gun . she laugh . 59 . trish you have a silly sense of humor . do not worry , I think I have something . she reach into the drawer in the end table and pull out a small whicker basket fill with condom : she clearly have sex often enough to need this basket . Andy do not pick up on this . trish put one of this on . Andy stare at the basket , not sure what to do . he have never wear a condom . he slowly take one out . he reach under the sheet , and we can not see what he be do but it be obvious that he be tear the wrapper open and attempt to put the condom on . something go wrong . he struggle . andy it tore . TI need another one . he grab another one . the same thing happen . for reason which be not clear , he can not figure out how to get this condom on properly . Andy attempt this many more time . in quick cut we see he struggle with at least a dozen condom as he get more and more frustrate with this process . each time he fail , he toss the condom and the wrapper on the floor next the he . finally he get one on . andy there you go . sorry about that . 1 always have trouble with that thing . I have not use ‘em much . {beat } my last girlfriend take pill . trish I be sure it will be worth the wait . now they go at it more passionately . it seem like it be go to happen when -- the door open - the light go on marla what be go on in here ?! 60. we reveal trish 's sixteen year old daughter , marla . stand next to she be she boyfriend MARK . trish what be you do ? angle on a stack of condom and tear wrapper . angle on marla - staring at they marla what be you do ? I can not believe you be allow to have sex but I be not ! that be sooo unfairil ! she slam the door and exit . andy I should go . trish no , it 's okay . I just need to talk to she . andy no , I should . he kiss she then quickly get out of bed and begin put he clothes on . we see he insanely bad wax job have leave random strip of hair on he bedy . he put he clothes on and exit . trish I be sorry . andy do not be . he run out . traumatize again . ext . STREET - day Andy ride he bike to work . he look confuse and consume . everywhere he look he see sexual image ; billboard , people walk down the street , etc . he drive into the parking lot of the mini mall where circuit City be locate . as he be lock he bike , he see Beth , the girl from the bookstore , walk from she car to work . 61 . beth good morning . Andy think . he remember what he be suppose to do with she . ask question . andy {after a beat ) be it a good morning ? beth I hope it be . andy hmmm . beth some day it be just not in the mood to work . andy what be you in the mood to do ? beth ( klummox ) oh , I do not know ... andy you do not know ? or do you know ? she think he be be sexy , but he have no idea what he be say . beth you be bad . andy be you bad ? Andy walk off . she lock like she be about to have a orgasm . as she walk toward the bookstore where she work she almost trip . int , circuit CITY - day Andy be sell a stereo to a unattractive man . ' there be pretty girl in the store , but Andy have let the other salesmen handle they . jay walk over to Andy . jay do not worry about what happen last night . 62 . jay ( cont would ) tonight I be have a party at the holiday inn. room 313 . it 's gonna be earth-shatter . be there . be you free ? andy I think so . jay I be kid . I know you nre free . jay walk off . ext . holiday inn - night Andy ride he bike up to the front of the hotel . int . holiday inn hallway - moment later Andy walk down the hallway look for the room . when he find it , the door be crack open . he enter . int . HOTEL room - night Andy look around the suite . there be nobody in sight . andy hello . he turn to leave . a beautiful young woman come out of the bedroom . beautiful woman hello . andy be you here for jay 's party ? beautiful woman yes . andy where be everybody ? be we early ? beautiful woman no , we be right on time . andy then everyone be late . that 's not very polite . 63 . beautiful woman come sit down . Andy sit on the couch . she sit down right next to he . Andy do not know what to make of this . andy so where do you know jay from ? beautiful woman we just meet the other night . you be handsome . andy thank you . you be pretty . she put she hand on he knee . andy what 's go on ? beautiful woman the party be get start . andy nobody else be come ? beautiful woman I be all the party you need . andy oh my God . beautiful woman do not be nervous . t‘11 take good care of you . andy be you a... prostitute ? beautiful woman I be whoever you want I to be . I can be a prostitute , or I can be that sweet innocent girl you have a crush on in high school . you know , the cute one . who never look at you but now she realize she make a mistake and want to make up for it by suck you cock . Andy back away to the other side of the couch . she follow he . 64 . andy oh god. do jay do this ? beautiful woman they be good friend . they just want you to have a good time . do not worry , I have be with virgin before . it 's okay that you know nothing , becauge at the end of tonight you be go to know everything . you be gonna do everything . nothing be off limit . they pay extra for that . andy how much be they pay you ? beautiful woman five hundred for two hour . andy I will give you six hundred dollar to leave now . or we can find someone else that you can have sex with . I be sure we can find someone to use that credit on . beautiful woman you do not have to have sex with I . I have be pay . if you want I can just go home now . no skin off my apple . andy ( feel bad ) no , no , no . I '' sorry . I have insulted you . maybe I will want to have sex . let 's just slow down . maybe there be something else we can do for a minute . cur to : int . HOTEL room - moment later they be lay on the bed watch '' Lord of the ring '' on pay per view . andy this be better . this way we can watch the movie . 65 . andy ( cont would ) get to know each other a little , then maybe we can do something . beautiful woman how long be this movie ? I only have two hour . andy it 's three and a half hour . * the prostitute know what this mean , and relax . there will be no sex tonight . she start watch the movie . beautiful woman who 's that guy ? andy {more relaxed ) that 's the hero of the story . he do not know it , but it 's he responsibility to save the world . they start watch the movie . cut to : int . HOTEL room - three and a half hour later the prostitute be asleep . the credit be roll on the tv . Andy get off the bed and look at she . she look sweet when she be asleep . he gently kiss she on the cheek , look at she again , then walk out the door . CUT to : int . circuit CITY - next morning Andy be talk to jay , David and Cal . cal and then what do you do to she ? andy I be like , if this be pay for then I be gonna get my money 's worth ! david that 's my man ! 66 . andy so I take she from the front . I take she from the back . I take she from the side . jay you do the side . andy both side ! she be scream . she be like , '' I want to have more sex with you . l let 's continue to do this dirty sex . '' cal how be she ass ? andy it be so ... perfectly in proportion . and when I take off she panty ... they be ali fill with baby powder and -- jay oh goddammitt ! nothing happen ! andy I do she . do she ... big time do she . cal that cost we five hundred buck . david shut up , you kick in twenty buck . cal sorry if I be not as rich as you . jay this be bullshit . I give up . there 's no help you . andy buying a streetwalker be not help I . I tell you I want to meet a nice girl . someone I might even like . I be not a pig like you guy . 67 . jay no , you be certainly not . you be pure as the drive snow , and you plan on stay that way . david Lay off , jay . jay no , I try to do hima favor . you know how hard it be to find she . someone I think he might like . that tock work . and do he appreciate it ? no . cal do she owe we one ? I mean she take the money . david no. cal shit . andy I would appreciate it if you take you nose out of my business ! Beth be walk outside of the store with a friend from work . she see the guy argue , but do not hear the word . from she point of view it look like Andy be boss they around , and she find it very attractive . andy I may be a virgin , but you be the one who need to grow up ! life be not about sex , it 's about be a good person . and I would rather treat people well than stick my wiener in ‘em . and I say that proudly . and if you do not like it , then I ' 1ll get some new friend . that be if I ever really be you friend , a female customer walk up . female customer can anyone help I ? andy I would be glad to . a 68. Andy walk off . the guy look depressed . outside the store Beth turn to she friend . beth that guy be so hot . I could eat he up . int . andy'' apartment - evening Andy walk in , pet he cat , then check he message . answering machine hi , this be trish . I hope you do not mind I call you . you friend at work give I you number . I feel bad about what happen the other night and wonder if you would let I make it up to you . int . restaurant - night Andy and trish be have dinner . trish T be sorry I do not tell you T have kid . andy why do not you tell I ? trish most guy do not want to go out with a '' mother . '' andy why not ? trish be you serious ? andy yeah . trish then I will not tell you . no need to put idea in you head . andy how many kid do you have ? @ 69 . c orish ( pause ) two . andy how old be they ? trish * six , twelve and ... twenty six . andy that 's three . trish oh . be it ? they laugh . andy you must have be really young why you have the twenty six year old . trish why do you say that ? andy aq because you be so young now , trish be you full of shit or be this real ? andy why do you keep say that ? trish ( kind of kid ) because if you be for real , I be gonna fall in love with you . Andy blushes . trise I be sorry . I be just goof with you . andy I know . it be clear she be not goof . 70 . trish I be think , if we go out any more , that we should not have sex . andy uh-huh . trish I just think it complicate thing too much , and then you never get to really know someone because that be always confusing thing . andy it 's very confusing . trish do that bother you ? andy hmmm . let I think about that . 1 see what you be say . obviously I want to ( whisper ) do it . ( normal voice ) but I can see you point . if we do not have sex , we can really get to know each other . trish and if that work out , then we can have sex . like really have sex . they laugh . andy just ton and ton of sex . they both laugh . Andy could not be more relieved to have the pressure take away . trish ( charme ) you be do it again . andy what ? a 71 . int . trish's apartment - later Andy and trish be watch television . her daughter , marla , come inside with trish 's six year - old daughter julia . marla ( cover eye ) . be it safe to come in or be you do it ? Julia nod shyly . trish it 's safe . marla , Julia . this be Andy . marla ( uninterested ) hello . andy hi. marla we come home because we get bored and could not think of anything else to do . julia can we watch tv ? trish no . you have watch enough television for today . why do not you guy read ? marla iam so sick of read . that 's all we do all day at school . andy hey . let I show you something . De you have a quarter ? marla dig out a quarter . Andy put it in he palm and show the two of they . then he close he palm and open it . it marla you be not do magic , be you ? v2. julia I love magic . where do it go ? Andy put he hand out again , open they and it be back . then he put it in one palm , close it , and it be two quarter . - Julia squeal with delight . julia how do you do that ? andy i do not know , it 's , uh ... magic . Andy close he hand , open it and they be go , then open the other hand and there be three quarter . then he close he hand , open they , and the quarter be go but the other hand have a dollar bill in it . julia that 's crazy . how do you learn how to do that ? andy I have a lot of free time . trish smile . he be great with she kid . julia can you show I how to do it ? andy the magician code say I be not allow to say how trick be perform . Julia frown . andy but who care about magician ? they be creepy anyway . if they get mad , I all punch they in the nose . Julia laugh and Andy start show she how to do the trick . marla can not help but like he . trish beam . ext . trish 's apartment - night Andy be say goodnight to marla . trish be not you glad we do not do it ? 73 . andy so glad . let 's never do it . she laugh . trish okay . andy do you want to go out again ? trish uh ... ( quickly ) yes . andy like in , I do not know , fifteen minute ? trish or tomorrow . andy tomorrow it be . Andy lean in , and for the first time in the film , he be the instigator of a kiss . it be short but sweet and neartfelt . Andy walk off . he look happy . CUT to : ext . CITY street - night Andy drive he bike home , he can not wipe the smile from he face . he occasionally giggle . CUT to : int . circuit CITY - day Andy be talk with David , jay and Cal by the water cooler . jay this be a huge mistake . andy why ? 74 . jay she have three kid . andy so? cal at least we know she 's have sex . david at least three time . they laugh . andy E do not care . I like she . jay what about Beth from the bookstore ? andy I do not know . I want to see what happen with trish . I be only one man . I can not go out with everyone . david I love this guy . he 's already get more woman than he can handle . jay I do not mean to ruin this for you , but I have sex with she . ona first date . Andy stare angrily at he . andy so ? what be that suppose to make I not like she -- because she make one terrible mistake ? David and Cal crack up . the store cal gooch ! Andy be burn you . manager , Paul , walk over . paul Andy , I just get back the number from the last few week . you be we number one salesman by far . @ 75 . L andy really ? that ' 's great . well , I have be have a great time . paul maybe you will have a even better time now that I have make you the floor manager . x andy me? paul that 's right . now all this jackass be work under you . enjoy . andy thank you . Paul exit . andy ( look at they ) well , what be you sit around for ? get out there and make some eq sale . jay glare at he . David and Cal smile . punjab walk by they , punjab this the bullshit of all bullshit . andy no backtalk or you be gonna be go ... ( nervous ) my friend . punjab I be sorry ... sir. punjab head out onto the floor . Andy be feel good . jay you be get in too deep . andy you have no idea what you be talk about . < cur to : 76 . in TCO deep montage ext . STREET - day Andy ride he bike with trish . they be have a blast . int . trish's kitchen ~- day Andy make the family homemade ice cream . they be ail eat it cut of the ice cream maker , happily . we meet Kim , trish 's twenty six year - old daughter . andy I can not believe you be she daughter . you look like sister . kim one of we should be insulted . I think it 's I . andy I do not mean ... kim no , I be kid . my mom be gorgeous ! trish hug Kim . they be very close . ext . STREET - day Andy be riding a huge grow up tricycle with trish 's six year - old daughter , Julia . she like Andy . int . live room - day Andy be show trish 's kid some collectible action figure . we see he hesitate , then take a scissor and open up the never before open box they be house in . he hand one to each of they . ext . mountain trail - day Andy be riding mountain bike with trish 's sixteen year - old daughter marla . she be impressed by how good he be at the sport . C int . bedrcom - night Andy and trish be kissing . trish I love kissing you because you be so in the moment . it 's like you enjoy it so much , you do not want to do anything else . andy I do not . trish you be so sweet . ext . STREET - day Andy , trish , Julia , marla and Kim be riding down the andy let 's race ! they all ride directiy at camera as fast as they can . be the winner . int . circuit CITY - day 77 . street . andy jay look upset as he speak to a annoying male customer . annoying customer if I buy it , will you throw in a cd carry case ? jay uh...okay , fine . so , I will write this up for you and -- annoying customer hold on . I think I be gonna need you to throw in a extend warranty . on the house . jay I can not do that . annoying customer then I be go to have to take my business elsewhere . 78 . jay Fine . beat it . annoying customer okay , I will take it . jay now you can not have it . any of it . sorry . annoying customer what ? that 's not fair . jay oh yeah . well life be not fair . I 4ust add a hundred dollar to the price . I can do anything . annoying customer you be a asshole . jay now the stereo cost ten thousand dollar . will that be Visa or american Express ? andy be there a problem here ? customer yeah . this jack off be try to charge I ten thousand dollar for this stereo . andy be that true ? jay yes it be . actually not . it 's a million dollar . not fair huh ? life can be like that . annoying customer fuck this . jay no , fuck you . you can not always get what you want . next time you will not think you get to make the rule because in this house I make the rule , bitch ! Andy walk jay into the stock room . '' L int . stock room - day andy what 's go on ? jay Jill break up with I . 5 andy I be so sorry . what happen ? jay she just lose she mind . he start cry . jay it 's so unfair . andy I be so sorry . jay she catch I with this girl and she lose she mind . it be not that big a deal . it 's so unfair . to throw out six year over some skank . Cal walk in . jay instantly act like he be not cry , though there be tear pour out of he eye . jay I just think that we should be push the bose speaker more because they be clearly of a higher quality . Cal realize something be wrong and exit . jay { the moment Cal be go ) oh , fuck I , fuck I ! now I know why people kill themselves . I really understand . andy well maybe you should not have cheat on she . 79 , even 80 . jby Zo know . I know . but it be so unfair for she to not allow I to learn that lesson . David walk in to get something . again jay act like nothing be wrong , he face cover in tear . jay I just think I be stronger when you put I in afternoon shift . I get groggy in the morning . David exit . jay I have nowhere to go . we be live together , but she dumped all my stuff on the street . andy you can stay with I . jay thank you , Andy . you be a great man . jay hug Andy . jay I be sorry I ever give you a hard time . you be right about everything . you should never let sex run you life . never . punjab walk in and see they . punjab this be why I be get ali the shit shift . this be the bullshit ef all bulishit . he storm out . int . trish n's apartment - day Andy knock on the door and enter . trish hurry over to he . trish I be so glad you be here . I need you help . b81. andy sure . what be it ? trish can you take marla to plann parenthood ? she want to go on the pill . andy I ? trish her father be dead set against it . I be too . but I think maybe you could bring she down there just to get some information . maybe we could delay she for a little bit while we figure out what to do . andy be not she a little young to go on the pill ? trish she 's sixteen . and she will not listen to I . I tell she she should wait till she 's much older to have sex , but it 's hard for I to say that when I have a kid at seventeen , so I think maybe she would listen to you . andy I do not know if I be the right person to do this . trish yes you be . she have no issue with you . she like you . gosh , this be so much easier when we be young . andy yeah . trish when we be kid , you just do it . it be fun . it be no big deal . there be not all this horrible disease . now the whole thing be terrifying . b2 . andy truly terrifying . ( beat ) not like when we be young . trish I lose my virginity at fourteen . andy I too . fourteen year old . so young . so very young . trish now I wish she hold onto it till she be like , fifty . andy that 's crazy talk . trish you would really be come through for I if you do this . I would not forget it . andy wo not she be uncomfortable ? trish no. andy I would think it would be very uncomfortable . trish I do not know where else to turn . for T do not want she to ruin she life . it all be fine . cuT to : int . car ~- day Andy be drive a sullen-lock marla to plann parenthood . marla this be so gross . andy what ? 83 . marla you take I here . andy I do not mean it to be gross . you mother think you need someone to talk to . marla Andy , you be a nice guy , but you be practically a stranger . I do not want to talk about sex with you . andy either do I . I know it 's embarrassing , but you need to inform yourself . I think that be very important before you make a life-changing decision . ' Cause once you have sex , there be no turn back . you will never be the same again , and what if you want to go back ? but you can not . there be no time machine . the pandora 's box will be open . marla okay , I get it . stop try to freak I out . I will listen CUT to : int . planned parenthood - day Andy and marla sit across from judith , a counselor . judith come here be a very smart thing to do . a lot of young people act without think . carefully consider you option be a very responsible way to act . you should be proud of yourself . marla would it be weird if I just ask you for the pill right now ? judith a sense of humor be a effective weapon in high school . I '' sure it serve you well . '' b4 . andy I be try to tell she that there be no reason that she need to engage in sexual activity at such a young age . judith that 's true . you virginity be a gift . a gift you should not be so quick to give away . andy I completely agree . judith there be plenty of activity you can engage in without have sex that can be fun and safe . andy {interested } what kind of activity ? I be sure she 's interested in know . judith well , instead of have intercourse , you might want to try outercourse . marla qutercurse . uch . what 's that ? andy yeah , what 's that ? Andy be lean forward in he chair , way more interested than marla . judith outercourse be anything that be not vaginal intercourse . it can be just have fun in a non-sexual way with you friend . or it can be kissing . andy kiss be nice . judith and there be many way to be sexual without intercourse ~— such as body rub , which you might call '' dry humping . '' 85 . andy see , you can do that . judith masturbation , mutual masturbation . andy what 's that ? judith that 's when you both masturbate at the same time . andy {to marla ) you could do that instead . judith there 's deep kissing , erotic massage , oral sex play , role - play , and share fantasy with a partner . andy so there be a lot of thing you can do instead of sex . judith it 's only limited by you imagination . marla I think I '' gonna vomit . judith that 's very funny , but this be serious business . outercourse offer nearly 100 percent protection against pregnancy . andy that 's a plus . I do not know that . judith outercourse can also greatly reduce the risk of HIV / aids and many other sexually transmit infection — unless body fluid be exchange through oral or anal intercourse . but some infection , like herpes and hpv , can be pass by skin- to - skin contact . @ '' L andy this be fantastic . what would someone do about performance anxiety ? ' Cause I be sure marla and she friend be worried that they sex will not be satisfy , and then the unsatisfy partner might fly into a rage and break it off with the inadequate partner . judith sex take practice , but there be many technique to extend the amount of time that a man can maintain he erection . include visualization technique and a personal favorite of mine , which be call pinching . what a woman do be , right when she man be about to ejaculate she pinch he --- marla I have get to get out of here . andy marla ! oe . she run out to the car . andy can not you just let she finish ?! ( to judith ) I be sorry . you have a lot of this information on you web site , right ? int . car - day Andy and marla be drive home . andy I think that be very informative . marla can we not talk ? I think I be gonna be sick . andy well , what do you think ? 87 . marla I think I do not want to have sex ever . andy I be with you . int . trish 's apartment Andy be talk to trish . trish I do not know what you do , but she have completely change she tune . andy it be not really I . she be a smart kid . once she get all the xight information , she know what to do . trish thank you . you would make a great dad . andy you think so . trish I know so . I have see it . andy ( nervously ) well , I better get go . it 's be a long day . trish stay . andy toca not . I have get to ... go to work in the morning . trish I will make it worth you while . andy oshock } trish . trish she 's not allow to do it , but we be . ae . Andy be cornere . he be not sure what to do . he do not want to do it , and he do not want to debate it . he think , then -- andy you crazy chick . I be gonna have to give you one of they pamphlet . he giggle nervously at he own joke and exit before she can react . int . circuit CITY - day Andy be with a female customer . he be more confident than we have ever see he . andy you could go that way , but for the extra money you be get a product that will be the centerpiece of you home . female customer I do not know . andy well , do not decide today . as I always say , there be nothing wrong with delay a important decision . female custcmer you know what , I be gonna go for it . andy great . I will write it up for you . he walk to the register . trish walk over to he . trish hi , honey . we reveal David , jay and Cal watch this exchange . andy oh , hi . what be you do here ? trish I know you be work a long shift today , so I bring you a healthy lunch , and leck . I find you the cutest sweater . 89 . L she hold it up . it be in fact a cute sweater . andy I love it . thank you . he give she a quick kiss . trish ' well , I have a lot of errand to run . marla and I be go shopping for prom dress . TI 'il see you for dinner . andy not if I see you first . he laugh at he bad joke . she exit . the guy walk up to - he . david how 's that healthy lunch ? David and Cal laugh . cal yeah . be it healthy ? david you need to stay healthy if you want to fit inte that cute sweater . andy guy . come on . bavid you be in deep . jay so ? maybe he like it . cal do you even know what you have do ? you be dating a woman with two kid . andy Three . one be twenty six . live in ohie . have a one year - old boy . Jackson . cal so she 's a grandmother . 30 . andy I do not say that . cal she have a kid . that make trish a grandmother . jay Lay off he . he have fall for this woman . and he be happy . that 's all that matter . cal do not get all soft because you girl dumped you . jay she do not dump I . we be give each other some space . david I '' not say it 's wrong , but I be say , you better make sure this be what you want . as soon as the tupperware and the sweater come out , it be over . you be as good as marry . andy maybe that 's what I want . cal well , get marry would be a good way to avoid sex . they al ] laugh . cal I vead that in a '' Cathy '' cartoon . jay you be such a fag . cal Cathy be funny ! int . andy 's live room - night Andy and trish be watch the very end of a film . andy that be a good movie -- @ '' |s trish start kissing he . trish let 's do it right now . andy do what ? trish have sex . andy oh , that go against we agreement . trish fuck that agreement , I want you right now . I can not take it any longer . she put she hand on he crotch . andy maybe we should not have intercourse . a , trish huh ? andy we be just let we hormone think for we . let 's have outercourse . trish what be outercourse ? andy mutual masturbation . rubbing on each other with we clothes on . fool around without exchange fluid . it 's fun and it 's responsible . trish what the fuck be you talk about ? be you high ? andy no , I be respect you . 32 . trish I know there be something about you . you be too mellow . be you on oxycotin ? andy no ! trish do you think I be unattractive ? Old ? what the heli 's the matter with I ? what the hell 's the matter with you ? andy nothing . we have a agreement . trish not forever . andy well you can not just break the agreement without talk to I about it . trish I be talk to you about it now . andy well I be say I want to think about it . trish for how long ? andy a couple of week . what 's the rush ? trish because I be in love with you . she wait for he to reply in kind , but he be stunne . he be mainly think '' if I say I love she , which I doe , she will want to have sex with I . what to do ? '' trish ( she count ) two , three , four , five . fuck ! andy what ? trish i£ someone do not say it back in five second , there 's trouble . anything after that be bullshit . andy you can not put that kind of pressure on someone . trish if you love someone , there be no pressure . I know I should not have say that . andy that 's not true . trish wow , you still have not say it . andy what be go on ? where be this come from ? trish ¥ou fucker . do not play head game with I . andy what ? I '' not play . trish you be not just play with I . I be part of a family . if that suck , tough shit , that 's just how it be . andy who 's complain ? ; trish get out . just get out . you liar . andy I do not lie . trish yes you do . you be not who you say you be , andy who do I say I be ? 93 . 94 . trish you say you be the one . but the one would have passion for I . would want I . would love I . he would not always be move away just a little when I touch he . it 's cruel . so , just get out ! Andy be push out the door . int . andy 's apartment - night Andy enter he apartment . jay be there pack up he thing . andy what happen ? jay I and Jill be get back together . she 's pregnant . andy with you kid ? jay yeah , with my kid . that 's why she break up with I . because she find out she be pregnant , and she do not know if I would be a good dad in light of the fact that I cheat on she all the time . andy se this be good ? jay it 's the best . I love she soco much . this be mean to happen . I be mean to be with she and to be the father to this child . I will never screw around again . [ I be so lucky . andy ( sadly ) I be so happy for you . jay bid something happen ? 95 . andy I be sorry . I do not mean to ruin you good news . I '' just sad ' cause trish want to have sex . jay that 's what you want . andy no , she really want to have sex . like right now . what do I do ? i£ she find out I be a virgin she will not like I anymore . she will think I be a loser . jay no , she will not . andy she will . what kind of man do not have sex for forty year ? and I be about to turn forty one . if I turn forty one without have sex , that 's really pathetic . jay then do not teil she . just have sex with she . give it to she really good . andy I do not know how to do that . jay you might get lucky . you might be good . andy really ? jay well ... since you have forty year of sexual energy store up , there be a chance that it might not last very long . andy this be what I be worried about . if I be honest , she xi think T be defective . tf I have sex it will be bad and she will not want to be with I . in Li never get a second chance . 96 . jay hold on , relax . I be go to give you some advice right now . and I want you to just take it because I know what I be talk about . I take my girlfriend for grant . 1 do not appreciate she . I do not accept that she be the best person could ever dream cf . and because of that , I almost lose she . but now that I have be honest with she , we be go to have a long life together . anda child . andre ) so you think I should just tell she everything . jay no . I think you should get it on with that girl Beth from the bookstore . pay attention . learn as much as you can , then use that knowledge with trish . andy that do not sound ethical . jay what , she like you . she want you . you would be give she something she want . what 's unethical about that . you be not ask she to marry you so you can steal she fortune . andy that make sense . jay I think it be what trish would want . andy thank you , jay . I know I have be tough on you , but without you advice I would not have get this far . jay thanks . that mean a a lot to I . now go get that girl . 97 , jay ( cont would ) and when you be do -- go get you girl and do she ! cuT to : int . bookstore - day Andy walk over to where Beth be put away book . andy hey . beth hey . andy I be go to ask you to hang out after work tonight , but I hear you be busy . . beth busy with what ? andy busy hang out with I after work . she be not sure what this mean , but she smile . she like he . curt to : int . trish 's apartment - day trish , marla and Julia be decorate the house . a banner read '' happy forty first birthday andy . '' trish start put frosting on a cake trish come on , hurry up . I want everything to be perfect when he get here . sulta he be gonna be so surprised . cuUT to : 38 . int . andy'' bathroom - dusk Andy be prepare for he date . Quick cut : * Andy iron he sock and underwear . * use a hand mirror to see he back , he wax some stray strip of hair . * Andy put deodorant on he underarm , and he palm . * Andy trim he nose hair . then pluck he uni-brow . * Andy open he mouth . he be wear the tooth whiten strip make by crest . he take they off , then smile at the result . then he scrape he tongue . * Andy pull a biori strip off he nose . he look at it , then grimace in disgust . * we reveal that Andy 's entire face be cover with biori strip . he start peel they off . * Andy open a very large box of condom and put one in he wallet . he have to discard lot of other business and credit card to make room for it . cur to : int . trish's apartment - night trish , Julia and marla be sit at the kitchen table wait for Andy . trish this be so unlike he . he always come straight over from work . they hear a noise at the door . trish shhhh . that 's he . come on . they all walk to the door . trish throw it open . everyone happy birthday ! ! 1 ! 99 , we reveal that it be a asian man who be put a menu for a chinese restaurant in they mail slot . delivery man thank you . you three week late . CUT to : int . restaurant - night Andy sit across from Beth . both be kind of dress up . andy do you like work at the bookstore ? beth yeah . it 's really quiet . we do not have that many customer and the one we do have be really mellow . which be good because I use to work at a restaurant , and it be really busy and hectic , and I could never get the order right , so I kind of get fire . andy you must love read ? beth not really . I be not much of a reader . I be more of a do -er . but they have a great magazine rack , so I like to read that . I know they be not book , but some of they be pretty long . Andy be try to stay interested in Beth , but . it be difficult . curt to : int . trish 's apartment ~ night trish be put on she jacket . marla and Julia watch . marla where do you think he be ? 100 . trish I do not know , but I be get nervous . maybe someone hit he when he be riding he bicycle over . I be gonna go drive the route from he house and see if I can find he . trish run out . cuT to : int . beth' apartment - night Andy and Beth be walk in to the apartment . beth thank you for dinner . andy it be my pleasure . beth Care for a drink ? : andy sure . she get two glass of wine . she hand one to Andy . he drink the entire glass down when she turn away . beth I have want you to ask I out for a long time . andy I have want to go out with you for a long time . beth you be so handsome . she stare into Andy 's eye . she be clearly wait fora kiss . Andy lock up . this make it appear like he be give she a white hot sexual stare , but he be just terrify and not sure what to do . beth you melt I . andy ( long beat ) good . beth I be gonna run a bath . would you care to join I ? andy for a bath ? beth we can do more than bathe . we can get dirty . andy ( not quite understanding ) in the bath . beth T be gonna eat you up . 101 . she kiss he on the mouth , then walk to the bathroom , smile at he , then close the door . int . car - night marla be on she cell phone talk to jay . marla so you have no idea where he be ? jay {on phone - clearly lie ) no. JI can not imagine where he would go . marla well , if you hear anything , please call I . jay I will . int , jay' apartment - night cur to : jay be sit with he girlfriend , who we have never see before . 102 . jay I have get toa go . dtll if you be cheating on I , I will rip you ball off . jay I be not go to cheat on you . jill iam pregnant . if you do that , it would be sick . jay I be net . T have to go help a friend . cur to : int . beth' apartment / bathroom - night Andy be wait in the live room . beth ( £rom behind the bathroom door ) come on in . Andy walk into the bathroom , and Beth be completely naked . Andy take a breath . beth do you like ? andy T like . she walk over to he and take off he shirt . beth let I help you with that . she take off he pants . he get pale . she lean down and take off he underwear . ( the nudity be mainly tastefully hide . ) '' andy I could have get that , but thank you . 103 . she stare at he . he take a deep breath , then lean in to kiss she . this be it . when he do , she put she finger on he lip . beth before we start I want to show you what give I pleasure . she get in the tub . her hand move down she body . close up cf andy for the next full minute we be on a medium shot of Andy 's face as Beth pleasure herself . we do not hear a lot of noise . a little breathe and the occasional splash . Andy 's face go through a kaleidoscope of emotion : interested , happy , shocked , ashamed , frighten . angle on the bath we see Beth for a moment from a angle which disguise what she be do , but we see she ecstatic face . angle on where andy be Andy be now go . he must have run out in the four second the camera be off of he . cur to : ext . beth' apartment - night Andy walk out the front door and be surprised to find --- jay about to knock on the door . jay do not do it . andy what ? in the background we hear the quiet sound of Beth moan . as the scene play out she get louder and louder . jay have sex with Beth . if you love trish , then it '' 1l ] all work oul . I be sorry for give you stupid advice . 104 . andy do not worry , I do not . but if you do not get out of my way , she might come out here and force I to do it . tay well , hurry . trish be look for you . she 's really worried . andy okay . 1/11 get in touch with she right away . they both hear the moan . they jay what be go on in there ? be someone else in there ? andy just Beth . jay maybe I should go in there . andy E would noc . oay yeah , you be right . that be stupid . listen for another beat as Beth reach she peak , then both run off -- for different reason . ext . street - night Andy ride he bicycle home , anxious to call trish and tell she how much he care for she . ext . / int . andy 's apartment - night Andy lock he bike , and enter he home . when he enter , he see trish look very upset . andy ( attempt nonchalance ) trish . what 's go on ? 105 . trish maybe you should tell I . andy okay , here 's the thing . I realize I make a mistake . the reason I go out -- trish what 's this ? trish hold up a stack on movie : ' the Blue lagoon , 's ' 9 1/2 week , 's several Michael Douglas film and several porno . Andy realize this be not about he date with Beth . andy that be David 's . trish and this ? she hold up he speed dating '' rating card . '' on it , in he handwrite , be the name of woman and he comment . we see phrase like , '' she seem nice , '' '' very nice , '' I like she , she be nice , '' '' no !! she scared I , '' '' nice , smell like my grandma . '' andy I do that before it meet you . it be silly . trish opoint to the computer ) you picture be on match.com . and you have all this book about how to have sex . a lot of they have disturbing picture in they . andy well , when I buy that I do not realize the picture would be so -- trish why do you have they ?! what kind of sick pervert be you ? be you some kind of sex maniac ? everything in you apartment be about sex . be that all you think about ? be that all you care about ? 106 . andy no . of course not . I have never even try to have sex with you . trish well , then what the hell be you cry to do ? what be you butter I up for ? she take a beat . trish you be not go to kill I be you ? andy no , I , I , 1 ...1 love you . she stare at he , contemplate what he say then run out the door . Andy run after she . andy trish , wair ! ext . andy 's apartment - cont . trish run to she car . Andy follow . she drive off . Andy chase she with he bike . after pedale hard he reach she window and drive along next to she . andy trish , stop ! trish get away before you get hurt ! andy I love you . I swear . that be why i never try to make love to you . I be scared . trish why would you be scared ? andy because ... because , i have never do it before . 107 . trish you say you lose you virginity at fourteen . andy I lie . I ama virgin . T always have be . trish but , you be forty one year old . andy you do not need to point that out . T be well aware of that fact . trore ) I do not know what to believe . but it be pretty sure I do not believe you . she drive off . she slow down for a red , then it turn green and she take off . before she can Andy drive he bike in front of she car , and drive from side to side so she can not get past he . andy look at I , I collect action figure . look how I walk . I ride a bicycle to work . and I date the most wonderful , beautiful woman in the world and I do not just grab she and ravage she , ( beat ) because I be a virgin . trish why ? andy it almost happen a bunch of time when I be young , but it do not work out , then when I get older there be some close call that go kind of bad . then I get sear . then I give up . then TI get more scared , then I meet you . trish stop the car . she stay in the car as he speak to she . andy I be sorry I do not teil you right away . 108 . andy ( cont would ) ( beat ) so ? ( beat ) do not leave I hang here . what do you think ? be I defective ? be I abnormal ? trish kiss he hard on the lip . it be very passionate . they kiss for a long time . trish Andy , the most important thing in my life be my family . I know that from the outside my situation may not seem like a bed of rose , but it be . andy I know . and I want to be a part of it . trish T love you , Andy . andy I love you , trish . trish now what do we do ? Andy think about this . CUT to : ext . a beautiful hillside cverlooking the ocean - day Andy and trish be get marry . everyone be there , all she kid even the twenty six year old and she daughter , everyone from work , jay be there with Jill , David be back together with he ex-girlfriend , Cal be there with the tattooe woman from speed dating . aboojay from work be there with he date , Beth . priest you may now kiss the bride . Andy and trish kiss . the crowd explode with cheer . they run down the path as child throw flower at they . cur to : ios . int . HOTEL bedroom - night Andy and trish be in bed , under the cover . trish be you ready ? andy yeah . definitely . trish okay . andy wait ! I need another second . he take a deep breath . andy now I be ready . trish here we go . the screen fade to black . graphic up : '' the end '' credit roll over credit we see : ext . fancy beach front HOTEL - morning Andy walk out of he room . mustc up : '' the age of aquarius '' Andy be overjoy . he break into a very elaborate dance . the employee of the hotel join he in the happiest dance sequence ever film . trish come out and join in . it be like the Central Park scene from '' Hair . '' it be a new day for Andy . fade out