the 47 ronin by Chris Morgan darkness ... then a voice rise from the pitch . narrator ( vo ) feudal Japan . the Age of shogun and samurai . a time when the ideal of loyalty and honor be prize above all else by the people of the land of the rising Sun ... ( beat ) in edo , the Emperor have be reduce to a ceremonial puppet . all power rest with the shogun -- military warlord tokugawa tsunayoshi -- and be enforce by he provincial baron -- the daimyo . the peace of the realm be keep by the sword of they loyal retainer , the samurai -- warrior of incomparable skill and honor , who live they life by the strict code of ethic know as bushido -- the '' Way of the warrior '' . to this loyal knight , they duty to they lord come above all else ... even they own life . ( beat ) a samurai who should ever lose or fail he master , suffer the great shame in all japanese society . they become ronin . masterless drifter . Men without honor . to be ronin be to be banish from every city , to be despise by japanese society , to know humiliation without end . ( beat ) and yet ... to know the story of the 47 ronin ... be to know the story of all Japan . super : the follow be base on a true story ... now OPEN on : ext . the province of ako - day - establishing the small and peaceful '' jewel '' of western honshu ... jade-green hillock terrace with rice paddy . stands of ruby - red cherry blossom tree overlook a sapphire slash of river . and crown it all stand the magnificent ako castle -- a six - tiere architectural poem write in wood and stone . we can not help but to sense the harmony of this place . super : ako Castle . western honshu , 1701 a.d. suddenly a primal yell shatter the scene . oishi ( vo ) ready ! sfx : the deadly rasp of one hundre sword draw in unison . oishi ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) kesa ! instantly -- schunk -shunkk-schunkk ! the sound of a hundred sword cutting through a hundred body . a great percussion of limb thumping to the ground , which take US to : a forest of emerald -green bamboo tree each five inch thick and tough as iron . so many , we can not see ten foot into the forest when -- oishi ( 0s ) NORTH front ! ready ! sfx : a company of man turn in unison . oishi ( 0s ) misu -gaeshi ! on command , a hundred razor - sharp katanas flash diagonally up through frame , shear through the bamboo as easily as a knife slice tofu . but before the tree can fall , the sword slice back , lightning fast -- shwopp ! -- cleave they a second time horizontally ! the piece of bamboo tumble away ... revealing a army of samurai warrior . behind they , shouting the order , be they commander , and chief samurai of the asano clan , oishi kuranosuke . oishi be in he mid-forty . a proud , stubborn throwback to the great warrior of time past . oishi east front ! ready ! as the hundred warrior pivot with machine precision , pull back to reveal that we be not in a forest at all , but actually a castle courtyard . what we think to be a bamboo jungle , we new angle now reveal be simply a multitude of target ; oishi be drilling they at tameshigiri -- test -cutting with they sword . oishi call out another strike . sword flash , bamboo fall . and as the music rise , we CUT to : int . ako castle - 6th floor - women 's apartment a beautiful young woman , mika ( 19 ) , stand at the window watch the soldier practice below , she gaze fall on one in particular . everything about minoru ( late - 20 's ) be different . of half - european / half - japanese descent , he be relegate to a lower caste and practice away from the other . while the other wear samurai armor , minoru practice in peasant pants and without a shirt , revealing a sheen of washboard muscle . and rather than a steel sword , he practice with a bokken -- a wooden blade -- and thin air as he target . but despite he lower status -- perhaps even because of it -- minoru have dedicated himself more seriously to the sword than any around he . his move have a fluidity and speed unequalled by anyone else we have see . suddenly , the ricepaper door behind mika slide open and she jump with a start . the young daimyo of ako castle , lord asano ( 36 ) , enter the room . lord asano mika-chan . mika Father . lord asano I think you would be practice you dance . mika I be , I just get catch up in the ... ( awkward beat ) ... the beauty of the day . asano put he hand on he daughter 's shoulder . lord asano this be important , mika-chan . of all the province we have be honore to host the shogun and must make every effort -- ( glance out the window at the warrior practice ) -- despite the view . mika ( blushes ) of course , father . he kiss she forehead and , as he move off , be reward to the first few footstep and flutter of she fan as she begin to practice the dance of the shrine maiden 's ghost . int . ako castle - various track with asano as he descend through the castle . with a visit from the shogun imminent , the place be a beehive of activity : paper lantern be hang , flower be arrange in dramatic display , child practice the farmer 's folk song '' teru - teru - bozu " '' . asano offer a kind word or a gentle command to almost everyone he pass . lord asano ( to a lantern hanger ) beautiful , yasu. ( to a child sing ) excellent . very good . the child beam with pride . as asano pass through the kitchen , we overhear the master chef speak to he apprentice in the b.g . master chef ... finish clean the pheasant , then make sure that all the knife be lock away well before the shogun arrive . apprentice of course , master , but why ..? master chef shogunate law . to draw a edge blade while the shogun be in residence , even a chef 's knife , carry a mandatory sentence of death . the apprentice blanch . then turn and shout at the kitchen staff . apprentice all blade away now ! now , I say !! asano move on , a smile wrinkling the corner of he mouth . it 's clear that ako castle be camelot at its height -- the people of the province live happy , content life -- and asano be its Arthur ; noble , just and kind . ext . ako castle - courtyard - moment later the young lord enter the training grounds . oishi and he samurai instantly sheathe they weapon and bow . oishi my Lord . asano call out to minoru . lord asano bring my horse . and another for the swordmaster . minoru take off for the stable like a shot . asano then turn to the mass samurai . lord asano train be finish for the day . I need you captain . you man be dismiss . as the man move off to they post , minoru arrive with the horse . as the two man mount up , minoru speak to oishi . minoru do you need someone to accompany you ? oishi look down at minoru . it pain he to say this : oishi you know it would not be appropriate . minoru bow he head . minoru of course not . thank you for consider . oishi want to say more , perhaps a word of comfort , but Lord asano turn he mount and begin to ride off . lord asano come , oishi . and oishi must follow he young master . the moment they be go , minoru 's icy control melt . he grab up a sword and , with a roar of rage , attack the tameshigiri target with a stunning martial display . a blur of movement , he cut a swath through the field of target chopping and slicing , sever dozen of length of bamboo -- then cut they each into two , three , four smaller piece before they can hit the ground . it 's a lethal dance of death that grow faster and faster until he wheel around to give the target behind he a final decapitating chop -- -- and find mika stand right there . minoru 's blade whirl into he sheath faster she can blink . bow he head and avert he eye from the Lord 's daughter . for a awkward moment , the two stand there , hide from everyone else 's view in the heart of the bamboo field . then mika reach out and gently lift he chin with a finger , intentionally raise minoru 's eye to look into she own . the act be more intimate than a kiss . after a moment , minoru remember he place and pull away . minoru we cannot -— — mika what we '' cannot '' do be deny we feeling . minoru mika ... ( serious ) it can never be . mika silly , boy . do you care for life so much to cease live it ? ( she caress he face ) deny I if you can , my sweet minoru , but I warn you , you will find my love a stronger opponent than you doubt . she smile and begin to kiss he . and before long , it be he who be kissing she . with all he heart . ext . ako castle - beyond the MAIN gate - same time asano and oishi ride along the road lead away from the castle . oishi where be we go ? lord asano I want to personally verify that the road be presentable for the arrival of the shogun . oishi wait a beat , then -- oishi so where be we really go ? asano smile . ext . ako countryside - day a land of mythic beauty ... asano hop about and shout excitedly as he try to land a fish on the grassy bank of the seto inland sea . lord asano come , my beauty ! do not tease ! and with a whoop he land the fish -- a nice - look red sea bream . its scale glimmer with ruby iridescence in the sun . lord asano will you not look at this goddess ! asano whisper a few word of praise to the wriggle fish , then release it back into the water . oishi will you never keep one of that ? you go to such effort to catch they . lord asano I know I catch it . it know I catch it . that 's enough for I . oishi be this what happen when you get promote from warrior to statesman ? you become sentimental about the life of fish ? lord asano I prefer to think of it as enlighten . oishi it be foolishness . asano mock arch a eyebrow at the older swordsman . but oishi be serious . oishi and it 's dangerous . ( beat ) sentiment be a deception , takumi . a imbalance in the Way of thing . it 's choose to look at life as how you have wish it , rather than how it truly be . lord asano ( smile ) and you get all this from release a fish ? oishi ( frustrated ) all life be about balance . about order . I be certain the fish would rather not be catch , but even it know its duty be to give its life for its lord . ( beat ) in a fight , it be a matter of death to lose one 's balance . political life be no different . lord asano Fine . next time I ’1ll eat the fish . oishi it 's not about the damned fish ! the shogun arrive in a matter of day and here we be , dip we toe in the lake . lord asano the castle be prepare . oishi yes , but be you ? ( beat ) they call this visit a celebration , but it be a inspection , takumi . do not delude yourself . I believe Lord kira select you province to try and convince the shogun that you land be not be use wisely . do not underestimate he . he have the shogun 's ear and a ambition not to be trifle with . the land of the last two daimyo to have displease the shogun have go to Lord kira . lord asano Lord kira may have he ear , but like we , the shogun be a samurai of the old way . ( more ) lord asano ( cont 'd ) ( pick up he fishing pole ) now , if you will excuse I ... oishi throw up he hand . oishi I give up . talk to you be like talk to a geisha . a twinkle of mirth glitter in asano 's eye . he rise . lord asano be that what you do with geisha ? no wonder you be so frustrated -- but as they turn , they be surprised to find a band of brigands atop the bank . a half - dozen murderous sellsword , armed to the tooth : sword , yari spear , even a heavy wheellock arquebus . brigand leader we will take the horse . it be impossible to tell when oishi 's sword be draw , it happen so fast . but asano place a calming hand on he shoulder . lord asano no . oishi look the brigands over , disgust . oishi ronin . he practically spit the word . lord asano come now . just because they be masterless samurai , do not mean they be honorless samurai . he turn back to the grim -face thug . lord asano do you know who I be ? brigand leader someone who 's go to see what he gut look like dance on the ground if you do not hand over the horse . lord asano you be very insulting . 10 . brigand leader and you be very stupid . lord asano I do not mean to I . ( point to oishi ) you be insulting he . talk so brashly and think only a half - dozen man be enough to protect you . ( tsk , tsk ) very arrogant . brigand leader kill he . asano shrug and turn to oishi as the thug close in . lord asano diplomacy fail . oishi in this instance , I can not say I be too sorry . lord asano leave one alive for question . oishi if I must . and as the ronin close in , intent on kill the young lord , oishi take a moment to look around . it seem as though he 's take in he final second of life . but really he 's -- oishi 's Pov -- formulate a plan . he see they come and mentally dissect the scene . from a wide angle , we rack in on particular geographic feature : the position of the SUN , a tangle of root . then on the weapon each man carry , note each in vfx of its effective lethal range . and in the blink of a eye , oishi 's get he plan . the battle oishi wade in . in the brigands 's Pov , it 's lightning fast . in oishi be , it 's all in slow motion . as the first attacker ( brigand # 1 ) charge in with a spear , oishi move sideways , put he back to the sun . Pov spearman : with the sun shine in he eye , oishi appear in silhouette . 11 . on reflex , the attacker use oishi 's shadow to block the bright sun -- which be exactly what oishi count on . with explosive speed , oishi crab left , momentarily blinding the spearman and stepping in with a diagonal upward strike . like the tameshigiri target he be training he man on , brigand # 1 be CUT completely in two on a diagonal bias . without a pause , oishi snatch the fall man 's spear and ram it into brigand # 2 's eye , kill he instantly . brigands 3 , 4 and 5 charge into the gap , but in a surgical display of skill and ferocity , oishi perform a happo giri ( " the cut of eight direction '' ) cleaving they clean through the torso , then further bisecting they upper-half from skull to waist . like so much bamboo , the body fall apart in three piece . it 's like nothing we have ever see before . now oishi charge on the survivor . the tide of battle turn and the brigands quick -step back ... right into the tangle of root . they trip and go down hard . brigand # 6 raise he musket to get off a shot , but oishi strike . sever the arquebus 's barrel -- but he sword shatter to half its length in the process . no matter . even with jag stub of blade leave , oishi be the deadly thing out there . he jab he rag blade into the musketeer 's throat , then wheel on a stunne axeman and perform '' the hourglass '' -- a four-stroke zig - zag cut that end with the man 's body exploding apart in six piece ! now only the brigand leader be leave , lay on the ground , scream in panic . oishi flick blood off he shattered blade and approach . oishi they have forget how to make a decent blade . brigand leader ( hysterical ) .-h..he say to keep one alive ... but oishi 's blade lash out and cut off the brigand leader 's sword arm . oishi unfortunate for you . suddenly asano cry out from behind . oishi whip around in panic , gore - cover sword ready to strike --!! 12 . only to find asano caper around at the water 's edge again , bamboo fishing rod bow , another fish on the line . lord asano come now , my beauty ! my little Empress of the wave ! oishi shake he head . and as he jam he break katana into its sheath , we -- smash CUT to : the beautiful sea bream on a cut board . then -- chop ! as the fish 's head be sly aside and a knife begin delicate work , widen to reveal we be : int . oishi 's home - kitchen - sunset a humble dwelling , as oppose to the majesty of ako castle . clean . simple . comfortable . oishi 's wife , hisae ( early 40' ) stand at the board ; a natural beauty with a smile that bely a deep inner - strength . the kind of woman every man want to marry . humming a folksong , she finger nimbly turn the fish into sashimi while she stare out the window at she husband and they 16 - year - old son , chikara , sparring with wooden sword in the yard . she smile contentedly . ext . oishi 's house - continuous the sword clack with the rhythm of war until oishi sense a open and slap chikara on the leg with he bokken . oishi you switch to a left-handed stance . try again . but time and again , chikara fall back into defend with he leave and get strike by he father 's sword . hard . blow mean to be remember and learn from . tear of frustration rise in the boy 's eye . oishi see this and change tack . remove he obi from he kimono . oishi here . let 's try this ... 13. oishi begin to tie he son 's leave hand down to he side . chikara I do not understand . why all this ? oishi because every time you be hit with strength , you switch to you leave hand , and when you do that , you leave you flank expose to right hand samurai -- oishi cinch the knot down hard to emphasize the point . oishi -- which be everyone . ( ruffle he son 's hair ) it 's for you own good . the two go back to practice until hisae come outside . hisae enough practice , oishi . you have be out here for hour . he 's a grow boy . he need to eat as much as he need to practice . oishi relent with a smile . oishi all right . practice be over . he unty chikara 's leave hand . oishi ( grin ) .-- but you will be eat with you right . as they move to walk inside , a rider come gallop down the footpath at full - speed . stop only inch from oishi . oishi 's second - in-command -- and best friend -- hanjo ( late 50' ) dismount the panting beast . oishi you be go to kill that horse , hanjo . hanjo a envoy from the shogun have arrive at the castle . oishi stop dead . oishi so early ? 14 . hanjo Lord asano request you presence to receive he . like a flip switch , oishi go into command mode . oishi Gather the man . have they ready for presentation in a hour . chikara look up at he father , hopefully . oishi no . you stay with you mother . it 's kindly say , and sting all the more for it . and with that , oishi mount up . as he ride off , hisae turn to she despondent son . hisae he 's hard on you because he love you . but chikara shake he head . chikara he love I ... but I 'il never be good enough in he eye . and chikara walk off , leave hisae alone on the path , stare after the two man in she life depart in very separate direction ... dissolve to : int . ako castle - daimyo 's shoin - 7th floor - moment later the private room where the castle Lord receive audience ... the paper wall and tatami mat be spotless . in fact , the only bit of color come from the black and gray kimonos of Lord asano and oishi , who kneel at the rear of the room . just then , the shoji door slide open and lord kira enter -- a explosion of pomposity and sumptuous silk . Rather than the plain formal robe that asano and oishi wear , Lord kira float along in the most gaudily ornate robe we have ever see . a dozen attendant follow behind , wrangle kira 's arm and leg sleeve that trail twenty foot behind . after countless precise step , Lord kira and he entourage stop and a courtier step forward . asano and when kira 15 . courtier the exalt shogunate 's master of protocol and most-honorable Lord of the ryogoku domain , Lord kira kozukenosuke yoshinaka . oishi bow . speak , we see he tooth be blackened in the trendy , effeminate style of court aristocrat . lord kira daimyo asano takumi no kami naganori ... you may look upon I . lord asano fortune truly smile upon we to receive so august a member of the shogunate . asano wait for a return compliment , as be the custom ... but after a moment , it 's clear none will be forthcoming . lord asano we be surprised at you early arrival -- kira cut he off . lord kira you should be grateful for my early arrival . I go over the presentation you have plan for the shogun . they be riddled with error in court protocol . I have do my best to correct they , thereby save you from myriad humiliation before the shogun . asano again bow he head to the floor . oishi be clearly annoyed with kira 's attitude . lord asano thank you , Lord kira . in return , the people of ako and I wish to offer you this token of appreciation . asano clap two summoning stick together and two retainer enter the room bear a lacquer chest . kira wave impatiently , and the chest be open -- revealing a bounty of gold coin . but kira stare at the glitter fortune , unimpress . 16 . lord kira token ... ( beat ) a token gift indeed . asano and oishi be strike by the comment . kira do not care . lord kira a true gift be what have be bestow upon you , Lord asano . wasted , in truth . kira glance out the window at the countryside . lord kira only twenty percent of the land in the entire country be capable of produce crop . and yet here you sit with you cherry blossom tree and you grassy hill . ( beat ) a man could raise a army to dwarf all other with fertile soil such as this . a ambitious man . kira take a handful of gold coin . let they slip disdainfully through he finger , unwanted as penny . lord kira pity . and in a flurry of silk and arrogance , kira exit the room . when he 's go , oishi rise , knuckle white on he sword . oishi I would like to strike that smug head from he shoulder . but the young lord put a calming hand on oishi 's shoulder . lord asano the world be change , my friend . courtier like kira be the new samurai . gun be replace sword . and the sword that remain be mostly ornamental . ( indicate ) like yours . there be a time when it would have be unthinkable for you blade to shatter against the inferior one of that ronin at the sea . but that be when the art of true swordmake be still value . still care for . ( beat ) ( more ) 17 . lord asano ( cont 'd ) now the legendary koto blade be long since forget . now outward expression take precedence over inner core . asano turn to the window and stare at the same countryside kira do moment before . lord asano it be not kira that be the problem in this age ... but we . then , almost to himself -- lord asano because we remember . dissolve to : int . ako castle - storehouse - night safely ensconce among barrel of sake and bolt of silk , mika and minoru hold each other in the moonlight . gently , mika trace he eyebrow with the tip of she finger . mika I like the shape of you eye . but he lower he face , ashamed . minoru they set I apart . mika yes , but in a good way . ( beat ) I look at you eye and I see that you father love you mother . you face tell they story . clearly , and to the world . unashame . ( look he in the eye ) as someday I hope we child 's will tell ours . and as she smile at he -- sfx : a low rumbling begins barely audible at first , but growing . soon , loose grain of rice on the ground begin to vibrate and dance . minoru be the first to notice . stop , listen . 18 . mika what be it ? minoru do not answer , but race to a arrowslit . Pov minoru : the darken hillside . then the low cloud begin to glow orange from beneath as eight thousand torch crest the rise ! the shogun 's 's army have arrive . back to shot : as mika watch , minoru race for the storehouse door -- then catch himself . stop . race back . kiss she . and race out to find oishi . ext . ako castle - MAIN gate - night the mist -shroud castle look like something out of myth -- a pagoda of the god alight with the glow of ten thousand paper lantern . asano and he honor Guard , head by oishi , stand within the castle 's enormous main gate as the shogun 's company arrive . bear the heraldic charge of the tokugawa clan , the great sea of warrior pass through the ancient gate . mythic - looking samurai unit from the fifty province , each with its own distinctive standard or device : -- Kyoto 's crimson devil squad in they lacquer , blood -red armor ... -- the iron boar of hizen , with two - foot- long sharpen iron tusk on they great helm ... -- the izumi tiger in they enamele TIGER - stripe plate armor , bristle with steel claw ... and more . edo 's phoenix regiment . shima 's scorpion . osaka 's white crane . five thousand mythic shape fill the courtyard like warrior from some dark god 's fever dream . suddenly , all at once , they stop . there 's a charge moment . asano and oishi exchange a glance . then , as if by telepathy , the army separate , clear a path for a shadowy figure to walk forward . from a spike chain wrap about he fist , the figure lead four monstrous dog of war . snarl , snap , they be each as large as a bullock ; muscle rippling , ready to kill . 19 . but they be nothing compare to the man on the other end of the chain : shogun tokugawa tsunayoshi ( 54 ) be easily the most intimidating figure we have ever see . bear in the Year of the Dog , he fearsome kabuto helm be render in the shape of a great snarling dog of war . six foot of heavy , scar - cover muscle , the shogun be the survivor of a hundred grim battle and have be hard - tempere into the very image of control . of Law . as he dog growl menacingly , the shogun stalk up asano and stand there , weigh the young daimyo with he gaze . it 's a uncomfortable moment . but asano bow regally . lord asano shogun tokugawa tsunayoshi , the people of ako bid you welcome . the fierce shogun pin asano with he gaze . then nod . court announcer ( vo ) the rule of the melee be simple . if a warrior be strike , he be out . hard CUT to : ext . ako 's outdoor combat arena -— day the stand be full of various lord and retainer from the shogun 's entourage . in the crowd , find Lord asano . oishi and he daughter sit to either side of he . court announcer the last warrior stand win the exhibition in the name of they clan , and a boon from the shogun . the announcer nod to the shogun who sit like a grim statue . suddenly , a oily voice speak behind asano . lord kira ( os ) I do not know you concubine be so lovely , Lord asano . asano turn to see the effete kira stare at mika . lord asano she be my daughter . 20 . lord kira all the better . ( bow before mika ) you father forget he manners . I be kira kozukenosuke . mika asano mika . kira 's eye crawl over she bow form . lord kira we will become better acquainted , you and I , Lady asano . kira maintain he gaze . it feel like hand roam over she skin . mika quickly become uncomfortable and just as asano rise to intervene -- the master of protocol move on to take he seat beside the shogun . ext . combat arena —- ready area - continuous over fifty samurai combatant be line up to enter the ring , each wear the distinctive armor and crest of they clan . one by one , they enter as the announcer call they province . toward the rear of the line , hanjo pace worriedly . hanjo where in the eighteen hell be taro ? minoru , check he house ! minoru sprint off to -- ext . taro 's house - moment later thatch roof and earthen wall . minoru burst -- inside -- startling the courtesan who leap up and try to cover she nakedness . taro keep on sleep . minoru ( shaking he awake ) taro , get up ! the melee 's about to start ! taro ! taro ( hungover ) what ..? huh ? oh yes , yes . get my armor . 21 . minoru turn and grab up the heavy cuirass bear the crest of House asano -- two falcon feather cross over one another -- but when he turn back , taro be pass out again . ext . combat arena - same time the combat floor have fill with the samurai combatant . the announcer call the last warrior . court announcer and finally , fight on behalf of we noble host . clan asano 's torii taro ! but no one enter the arena . there 's a horribly awkward pause . asano and oishi share a look . in the ready area hanjo be sweat it ... until taro race up in he armor . hanjo oh thank the god ! get in there ! get in there !! but as he run past , we get a glimpse under he kabuto helm and see that it 's not taro at all , but -- minoru he enter the arena and take he place among the sea of samurai . so much mythologically -inspired armor , the battlefield look like someone have sprung the gate of hell . beneath he disguise , minoru 's heart be racing , he breath come too fast , skin sheen in sweat . and in that moment , he close he eye and take a breath . hold it until he mind be calm ... court announcer begin ! and when he eye flash OPEN , there 's steel in they , all fear evaporate . and the contest start . the combat floor erupt in a motion . bokken flash faster than the eye can follow . the SOUND of wood strike metal . leather . flesh . 22 . minoru sweep under the guard of a fighter with a monstrous leviathan fish helm , and strike he abdomen . in a instant , the man be out -- and so be half the other combatant . but there 's no time to rest as a noto hare spring forward and attack with the jackrabbit speed he clan be know for . minoru lose he foot and trip , make a easy target for the Hare . he 's a sit duck -- but when he catch sight of mika in the stand , he refuse to go down like this . as the Hare leap to deliver the eliminate blow , minoru whirl out of the way and ripostes with a clean shot to the man 's leg . the rabbit cry out as he crumple to the ground . other fighter close in -- but minoru 's switch have be flip . he pick up another sword off the ground and dual - wield -- one in each hand . Pov minoru - as the field of battle swirl around he , impossibly slow . as a iron boar charge , minoru easily redirect with one sword and strike the man 's helm with the other , snapping off a iron tusk and send he sprawling into the dirt . back to shot — as minoru wade through the fray like a kill machine , a ambidextrous engine of death , eliminate fighter after fighter after fighter . in the stand - a corpulent daimyo turn to asano . corpulent daimyo you man be good . asano nod , but beside he , oishi be beginning to suspect . oishi ( under he breath ) not that good . with minoru come on like a cyclone of swordwork , the survive samurai start join force to take he out . it do no good . the shogun watch the display -- minoru take on two fighter simultaneously . then three . the shogun be impressed . kira grimace , wishing the fighter be anyone but asano 's . overhead shot - the contest have separate into two distinct maelstrom of battle across the arena from each other , swirl in opposite direction . 23 . in minoru 's fray - every remain fighter join force against minoru , six samurai against one . the rapid-fire clacking of blade sound like domino in a blender . and just when we think it can get no faster , minoru take it up a level , increasing the tempo and turn the attacker into defender . minoru establish a rhythm to he double attack , and once the defender settle into it -- he break it , explode in a unholy onslaught that take they all out . overhead shot - in the end , both battle resolve simultaneously , leave only two fighter stand . minoru on one end of the arena ... and a warrior from nightmare on the other . minoru 's opponent be a muscular giant , a foot taller than he and clad in battle gear rip from h.p. lovecraft 's most horrific delirium . his armor be compose of lacquer black scale ; he helm wringht into the shape of a demon octopus wrap around he head , eight long steel tentacles dangle down he back . mika turn worriedly to asano . mika Father , who be that ? but before asano can answer , kira lean in . lord kira the victor from last year , my dear . ( smugly ) my fighter ... the audience be hold its breath . and at a nod from kira , he fighter march on minoru . minoru wait for the sonofabitch to get in range , then blaze into a whirlwind attack with both sword ! but the lovecraftian samurai counter every single strike easily and continue march on minoru , relentless as a golem . recovering , minoru execute a tricky three - way cut , but the knight whip he head around and lash minoru 's leg with he steel tentacles , yanking he from he foot . in a heartbeat , the knight rush forward and unleash a blow at full - strength at minoru 's head . minoru block with both bokken -- and both of he sword explode into a thousand splinter ! 24 . the audience gasp . only the handle of he obliterate sword remain in minoru 's hand . realizing he defeat , he rise and bow to the knight . but the octopus turn to kira , who nod -- and the bastard strike minoru in the face with all he might . wham ! minoru fly ten foot and crash , sprawling , into the ground . again the audience gasp and the entire world stop ... but this time it 's because the helmet that have hide minoru 's identity ... lay twenty foot away in the dirt . in the stand - mika gasp . asano gape . oishi lower he head . lord kira use the thunder of the moment , point at minoru . lord kira this be a outrage ! ( look to asano ) who be responsible for this ?! asano begin to rise -- but minoru prostrate himself before the great warlord . minoru this be my vanity . Lord asano know nothing of this . lord kira how dare you wear the armor of a samurai ! you be a halfbreed ! minoru I can not deny it . ( turn to the shogun ) but my father be a honore samurai . he fight alongside you at sekigahara , Lord shogun . I only want to display my skill before you to honor he memory . mika 's heart skip a beat as minoru stand at the center of the ring . the shogun 's stony eye consider he . then -- shogun you have demonstrate great ability ... minoru 's eye fill with pride . shogun ...- but no matter what you accomplish , a halfbreed will never be worthy of be a samurai . 25 . and the dream shatter . shogun ( to he man ) Strip he of he armor and have it burn . it be taint . instantly , the shogun 's elite guard come forward and start violently ripping the armor off he body . it 's brutal to watch , a public beat , and minoru offer no resistance . the sheer intensity of the humiliation force mika to look away . when they be do , minoru , bloody , bow low before the shogun . minoru forgive my arrogance . shogun you be dismiss . and as minoru make the long walk of shame out of the arena , asano turn to he daughter -- and be surprised to find she eye fill with tear . almost as if she be weeping . he watch she , genuinely confuse by she emotion ... until realization hit . asano 's jaw drop as it all click together in he head . he look again at minoru ; at he daughter ... and realize that they be lover . as asano sit back , stunne , mind reeling -- rack focus across the stand to Lord kira , who have be watch the whole exchange . and he have realize it , too . slow dissolve to : ext . ako castle - hour later the shogun 's army have bivouack in the greensward around the castle -- a city of tent billow in the breeze , each fly the pennon and crest of the unit house within . int . ako castle - banquet hall - night a feast have die down and people be retire for the night . the shogun rise to leave , send a courtier to asano 's table . 26 . courtier the shogun will now retire for the evening . lord asano of course . asano turn to the shogun across the room and bow low . the shogun 's face be a emotionless mask as he move off . when the shogun be go , asano 's calm veneer crack and he eye begin to search the room for something . oishi clock it . oishi you be troubled . I take full responsibility for minoru 's action today -- lord asano it 's not that . oishi what then ? lord asano I have to speak to my daughter . it 's urgent . track with asano as he move off through the castle . as he near the woman 's chamber , asano hear mika 's voice whispering around a corner . small sound of passion . asano 's 's face harden and he round the corner to find mika in the embrace of : lord asano minoru ! but as the man turn , it 's not minoru at all -- rather lord kira . and the sound mika be make be not passion , but struggle . see asano , mika 's eye plead for help . mika Father ! asano be there in a heartbeat , wrenching kira away and hurling he against the wall . lord asano what be the meaning of this ?! but kira be a tower of fury . 27 . lord kira how dare you lay you hand upon a courtier of the shogun ! mika ( hysterical ) Father , he be -- lord kira hold you tongue if you wish to keep it , girl ! lord asano that be enough ! kira 's hand move to he sword . lord asano do not you dare . mika he be go to -- lord kira I say shut you mouth ! and in a blur of motion , kira draw he sword at mika and asano slashes out to parry the blow -- -- only to find that he 's be trick . kira do not have a sword in he hand ... but one of mika 's fan severe in half by asano 's gleam blade . ecu as the slashed half of the fan fall to the floor . though it 's light as a feather , the sound of it hit the wooden floor be like the toll of doom 's bell . back to shot as asano look up ... and see kira leering . lord kira drawing a weapon while the shogun be in residence .. ( ominous ) ..- be punish by death . and as the enormity of what asano 's just do hit home , widen to reveal that several shocked onlooker stand in the hall -- castle retainer and a grow number of the shogun 's samurai -- stare at asano 's unsheathed blade in horror . lord kira Guards ! take he ! mika no! 28. lord asano mika ... mika-chan ... look at I . ( when she do ) it 's all right . do you hear I ? the shogun 's samurai advance threateningly . asano set he sword on the ground . lord asano there be no need for that . I will not resist . mika ( as they seize he ) no , let he go --! asano see oishi appear at the edge of the crowd . oishi my lord --?! lord asano oishi , take she away from here . mika father ! ! and as asano be march off , oishi do as he be tell . CUT to : int . ako castle - preparation chamber - night asano kneel in prayer at a altar of he ancestor . the robe he wear be pristine white . oishi ( 0.s. ) let I see he , god damn you , or there will be two more funeral this night . the door be open and oishi enter the chamber . oishi cross the room to kneel beside asano . whisper . oishi I can get you out of here . I have several horse readied -- but asano hold up a hand , stop he mid-sentence . lord asano would you have I run from honor ? oishi search for a answer that will stop this madness ... but find none . asano meet oishi 's eye . 29 . lord asano you know I cannot . you teach I too well , old friend . I break the law and must pay the price . oishi you draw out of defense of you daughter ! you be deliberately trick -- lord asano I know the law . ( beat ) over the generation , people may come to question the honor of Lord kira , but never the integrity of the asano name . the door open and one of the shogun 's courtier enter . courtier the shogun await . asano nod and rise . lord asano oishi ... I would be honore if you would act as my second . oishi do not ask I to do that . I cannot -- lord asano I trust no one else . ( then quietly , plead ) do not make I do this alone , oishi . I may appear calm , but fear threaten to unman I . without you there , I do not know if I can.. if I will be able to -- as emotion begin to edge into he voice , oishi calm he . oishi you will not be alone . never alone . I will stand for you . always . and slowly , the fear melt away from asano and a flinty resolve return to he eye . lord asano ( take oishi 's hand ) thank you ... old friend . 30 . int . ako castle - corridor the man be lead toward where the shogun wait . in he white robe , asano look like a ghost float through the hall . mika Father -!! mika come run and asano embrace she . the guard clearly want to continue on , but asano raise a hand . lord asano a moment ... they grant it . mika weep into she father 's shoulder . mika this can not be happen . this be not true . lord asano ( gently ) what be true ... be that you have be , and ever will be , the joy of my life . as she begin to weep , he kiss she forehead . then , out of everyone in the crowded corridor , asano lock eye with minoru . lord asano Care for she . minoru I will -- but asano grab the hafu 's hand and repeat himself ... this time impart a deeper meaning . lord asano Care for she . minoru be rock by the revelation . he know about we . just then , a massive arm separate they , push minoru and mika back . it 's kira 's best fighter -- the lovecraftian samurai that best minoru in the arena . lovecraftian samurai move . his heavy hand grip asano 's shoulder and forcefully lead he away . into the chamber where the young lord will end he own life . as he close the door , kira 's fighter look back at mika ... and grin , enjoy the moment . 31 . the door close behind he with a crush finality . mika father -!! mika race forward and yank at the door , but it be bar . mika no ! as she pound at it , minoru appear beside she . minoru mika ... he gently take she hand . minoru mika-chan ... and the endearment she father have use since the day of she birth reach she . she stop struggle . minoru I ' 1l take you to he . and as grief overwhelm she ... she allow herself to be lead away . int . ako castle - ceremonial chamber asano and oishi enter . the shogun sit at the far end of the chamber with a grim-look contingent of verifying official , include kira , who 's clearly enjoy the moment . a small table sit in the center of the room . on it be a ritual dagger . asano cross the room with a calmness that bely the event about to take place here and kneel at the table . lord asano ( bow to the shogun ) I thank you for allow I to end my life with honor , with my own hand , rather than the execution as a criminal as I deserve . the shogun nod . asano close he eye , contemplate for a moment ... and then he take up the dagger . match CUT to : 32 . ext . ako castle - countryside - night minoru lead mika to a moonlit hilltop outside the castle . a gentle breeze stir the branch of a lone cherry blossom tree that grow there . minoru sit mika down . mika but where be my father ? minoru move to the tree ... and pluck a sakura blossom . press the delicate flower into she hand . minoru here . ( beat ) the sakura be the most beautiful of all flower . it bloom for only three day , intensely beautiful , and fall at the height of its glory rather than wither away . ( poignantly ) it be the flower of the samurai . mika stare at the tiny flower in she hand -- the poetic representation of the life of she father -- and allow herself to lose she grief in its beauty . match back to : int . ako castle - ceremonial chamber - same time asano set the dagger down . lord asano oishi . oishi lean close , where only he can hear the tremble in asano 's voice . lord asano I fear I will shame myself . if I should cry out -- oishi you will not . ( then ) you will not . the strength and assuredness in oishi 's voice flow into asano . with resolve , he again pick up the dagger . music rise and we intercut with mika stare at the cherry blossom in she hand . with asano open he robe to expose he abdomen . 33. with oishi draw he sword to stand behind he lord , prepare cut off the head of he student -- he friend -- should the pain become too great . and as the music reach crescendo , asano plunge the dagger into he belly , cutting sideways then up , disembowel himself before the shogun . the second stretch out . oishi be in turmoil as asano remain utterly stoic . glance up to see kira with a slight smile curving he lip -- a memory that burn itself in he brain forever . asano hold on as long as he can , but as the suffer overwhelm he and he begin to cry out -- schwop ! oishi be there to strike down and preserve he dignity . asano' body topple forward , a pool of red blood spread across the white floor ... and at that exact moment on the hilltop , a breeze stir the sakura tree and a thousand cherry blossom float down through the moonglow to embrace mika in a rain of otherworldly beauty ... fade to : int . ako castle - armory - later Lord asano 's entire army of three - hundred - and -fifty samurai have amass in the heart of the castle . a argument be go on . some be shouting for calm , most be girding themselves for war . aging samurai this be madness ! the shogun issue a direct mandate : there be to be no reprisal against Lord kira ! a hot -tempere samurai , isogai , strap on he sword . isogai the shogun be damned ! bushido say we avenge we master at all cost ! on the far side of the room , oishi stand , peer through a shoot hole , lose in think . outside , the shogunate 's samurai be mass before the armory , Lord kira 's man in the vanguard . oishi 's force be desperately outnumber . it will be a slaughter . reverently , minoru step up beside oishi . isogai what say you , blademaster ? 34 . the question wake oishi from he thought . he turn from the window . then , quietly : oishi we fight . a great cheer go up from the man . minoru move to a stand hold many sword . minoru which weapon shall you choose , my Lord ? oishi take one last look out the window . see kira grin like a demon . oishi patience . isogai ( confuse ) what ..? and oishi issue the last order they would ever expect . oishi there will be no more bloodsh today . set down you weapon . as one , the samurai be staggered with disbelief . older samurai samurai # 2 you mistake we for coward ! we must avenge the death of we be not afraid to die ! we Lord ! oishi look outside . you will not succeed . isogai success or failure do not matter ! the only thing that be important be that we uphold honor by try ! oishi no . isogai you craven dog --! with a shocking display of speed , oishi reach out and hurl the haughty young samurai to the floor . oishi have he short sword out and at the gasp man 's throat in a instant . oishi it matter ... because if we fail , kira life and we Lord 's murder will go unavenge . put you honor aside . I have a duty . ( pointedly ) as do you all . 35 . now oishi pull from he robe the dagger with which asano take he own life . oishi because of kira , we master take he own life with this blade . ( beat ) I will not rest until kira do the same . as he word sink in , oishi remove he blade from isogai 's throat and stand . hanjo , oishi 's right -hand man , step up . hanjo so what be you say ? oishi a great warrior once tell I , '' if the enemy think of the mountain , attack like the sea ; and if he think of the sea , attack like the mountain . '' ( beat ) we wait . oishi scan the room , meeting each man 's eye . oishi we wait until this day be but a memory to they , until they believe we spirit be break and the danger have pass ... and when all they suspicion have be quench and they guard have finally drop , we will gather as one -- in a blink , oishi turn and bury the sword in a thick wooden beam -- thunkk ! oishi and then we will strike . oishi take the dagger and draw the blade across he palm , make a thin slice across he sword hand . blade out to the other . one by one , they all do the same . then hold the 36 . the blood pact be complete . smash to : ext . castle - armory - moment later we hear a lockbar slide ... then the great door swing wide to reveal oishi , weaponless . he and he man exit and be marshall by a thousand shogunate soldier to be stand before : the shogun and lord kira forced to stand beside he , mika watch with a soulless stoicism as Lord kira address the surrender samurai . lord kira Drop you weapon , all of you . the sound of over three hundred sword strike the ground be the sound of the death of a entire clan . lord kira ( cont 'd ) now remove you crest . oishi 's man look to one another in shock , reluctant to do so . lord kira ( cont 'd ) remove they ! as one , they turn to oishi ... but he do not meet they eye . merely nod . across the gulf of soldier , mika meet minoru 's eye ... and can not endure the shame she see there . tries to turn away , but kira reach out and grasp she wrist , wrenching she around so she must watch . minoru see it and instantly reach for he sword -- but oishi restrain he with a firm hand on he shoulder . oishi patience . and slowly , minoru 's muscle unbunch ... and he relent . in utter shame , oishi 's man drop they formal kimonos bear the cross - feather crest of House asano into the mud . lord kira you master be dead . House asano be no more . you have fail they both . ( beat ) you be no longer worthy of the title '' samurai '' . from this moment forward , you be ronin . 37 . the word strike asano 's man like a slap to the face . lord kira ( cont 'd ) honorless . reviled . coward . ( venomous ) you be banish from this land . that of you still here by the ring of the third bell will be hunt down and execute . with a nod from they Lord , kira 's warrior surge in and begin drive asano 's disgrace man from the castle grounds . lord kira ( cont 'd ) except you . ( indicate oishi ) arrest he . kira return to he place beside the shogun as a dozen man knock oishi brutally to the ground . oishi offer no resistance as they roughly begin bind he wrist . the shogun turn to leave , but stop before kira . shogun ( be : oishi ) he be not to be kill . he be a hero at nagoya . kira bow he assent as the shogun stride away . when he 's go , he turn to the soldier hold oishi . lord kira he be not to be execute . ( beat ) break he instead . the soldier nod , and as oishi be drag away in chain -- CUT to : ext . ako castle - reception hall - later mika be bring before the shogun and Lord kira by soldier . the shogun speak in a imperial tone that brook no nonsense . shogun Lord kira wish to shield you from the shame of you House . he have petition for you hand in marriage . mika be take aback for a moment ... turn to kira , whose face remain placid . 38 . shogun ( cont 'd ) I have agree . but mika be asano 's daughter and make of sterner stuff . think quickly , she quell the rise horror and rally . mika that be most generous , my Lord ... but as the master of protocol must himself know , tradition demand a period of mourn for my father . lord kira ( rile ) such be not always the case . but the shogun have come to a decision . shogun I will allow it . you be grant one year to mourn . during that time you will not be touch .... mika revel in the small victory , until -- shogun ( cont 'd ) ..- but will remain a guest of Lord kira 's , and he the steward of you land . mika but -- shogun you be dismiss , Lady asano . there 's nothing more to be do . tremble , with defeat weigh heavily on she small frame , mika bow to the shogun , and we -- slam to : pitch black sound of a struggle , then -- a heavy stone lid be open twenty foot above we . in the weak light , we can make out dank stone wall , rat scuttling in the shadow . this be the '' ako pit '' -- the worst dungeon in the province . up above , four of kira 's Elite Guard beat oishi within a inch of he life , then hurl he down into the pit . 39 . wham ! oishi 's body crash to the stony floor and lay still . laugh , the guard start slide the dungeon lid close , and as the dark move in , so do the rat . the sound of the pit door close be the sound of despair -- boooom ! and the world be swallow in darkness ... slow fade up on : ext . ako castle - morning a bright summer sun be in the sky . super : '' ten month later . '' the castle gate open and oishi -- gaunt , stoop -- be lead into the blind sunshine for the first time in a year and hurl into the mud . guard on you way , ronin ! oishi cower in the muck , confuse . he be no longer the strong , noble warrior we know , but a break wretch . the Guard kick he in the rib . guard ronin filth ! you make I sick ! out of my sight ! when the guard go to kick he again , oishi scramble away like a beat dog . he 's still grovel when the Guard slam the gate in he face . high above , from the castle 's seventh floor balcony , kira watch oishi weep in the road . deeply satisfied , he turn to one of he trust spie . lord kira ( be : oishi ) have he watch . if he give any sign of rebellion , cut he down . ext . ako village - road - day oishi limp into the village ... to find that everything have change . the land have be stripped and the sakura tree have all be chopped down . the once - beautiful hill and meadow have be furrowed into ugly crop field to feed kira 's legion that patrol the street in number . 40 . as oishi enter the marketplace , people begin to point . to whisper . every mouth form the despise word : ronin . as he pass , villager turn away , refuse to acknowledge he now pathetic existence . the murmure increase , until someone shove he from behind , knock he into the dust . oishi turn skittishly to see a group of three vendor loom over he . Men he once know . Men who respected he . burly vendor cowardly scum ! you do not belong here ! the man spit on he . another kick he while he 's down . the mob close in , blow start to really rain down when -- a hand reach in and clutches the collar of oishi 's robe , yanking he to he foot . it 's -- chikara oishi 's son turn on the crowd , wooden bokken in hand , and the crowd back a step from he burn gaze . as the boy take he father 's hand , oishi look at he son -- only one year older , but the eye stare back at he be a man 's eye . unlike he own . as the boy lead he father away from the jeer mob , rack focus to kira 's spy , watch from a distance , satisfied that oishi be harmless ... ext . shanty village - day chikara lead oishi to tinry rundown shack in the poorest section of the village . oishi 's wife be on she knee out front , digging burdock root from the tiny garden . clearly time have be tough . oishi look at chikara . chikara when they take you away , they take away everything . as oishi take this in , hisae look up and see they . hisae oishi ... 41 . hisae stop like she 's be heartshot . gasp . tremble so hard she can not even rise . and she cry , oishi kneel by she side to comfort she . dissolve to : int . oishi 's house - night chikara lay asleep on the floor , curl near the warmth of the brazier . quietly , hisae tiptoe in and remove a gently bubbling kettle from the fire . carry it across the house to where -- oishi wait . hisae settles beside he , dip two soft cloth in the warm water . hisae all right . oishi remove he robe ... and the visual shock of he injuries steal she breath . scar , scab and bruise of every kind crisscross he back : puncture wound , laceration , burn mark ; hard lump where break rib have heal . hisae be freeze by the sight of so much pain . oishi ( gently ) it 's all right , hisae . my scar be nothing compare to what you must have endure as the wife of a ronin . hisae that 's all behind we now . blink back tear , she begin to wash she husband 's torture body , and we dissolve to : same shot - later hisae be finish clean he wound . hisae ...- Lady asano be still be hold by Lord kira . the end of she time of she mourn draw near , and kira have arrange for they to be wed that very day . I fear for what will happen to she after . 42 . hisae wring out she cloth , and oishi begin to dress . oishi what of my man ? hisae hesitates , fear this line of question . hisae scatter to the wind . some fight . other protest and be cut down . eventually all be drive off . ( beat ) I hear ryoichi now work a farm in matsumae . ayame say he 's happy . hisae move around to look in she husband 's eye . hisae we could be happy . we have a second chance , oishi , we should take it . we can leave the village tomorrow and start a new life . watch we son become a man . grow old together . be that not all we need ? her smile be heartbreaking . so fill with hope ... oishi enfold she in he arm , so she will not see the lie . oishi yes ... she close she eye , bury she face in he chest and hold he tight , never want to let go . hisae do not widow I to a ideal , oishi . but as we dolly around we see the fire in oishi 's eye and realize for the first time that this be not a break man . and never be . int . bedroom - late night hisae wake -- to find oishi miss from bed . she rise from the futon and make she way to the window where she spy she husband sit atop a low hill in the pre-dawn dark . 43. ext . oishi 's house - moment later in the quiet dark , oishi stare up at the star , conflict emotion upon he face . then : hisae ( 0.s. ) some of the man go to find work with the dutch at dejima . oishi turn to find he wife stand there , a silk - wrap bundle in she hand . hisae you will find hanjo there . oishi reach out and crush she to he chest . after a moment she pull away and hand he the bundle . oishi open it ... revealing the dagger Lord asano use to take he own life . oishi start to say something , but she stop he . hisae I be the wife of a samurai . whatever you duty and obligation , they be mine , too . oishi look at he wife ... he incredible wife ... and realize she accept what he have to do . with no word strong enough to carry the emotion , oishi take she in he arm again . and from the window of he room chikara watch the silhouettes of he parent against the moonlight ... and know that he father be leave . slow dissolve to : ext . mountain outside edo - establishing breathtake in they beauty , yet ... dominate the landscape from three thousand foot up the steep snowy mountainside be kira 's impregnable yamashiro -- castle fortress -- which loom over the world like a grim stone threat . 44 , int . kira 's mountain castle - daimyo 's greathall - continuous mika stand alone at the window , a prisoner in a jail without bar . she 's stare out at the world below , at freedom , when Lord kira enter the room behind she . he move close , but when she sense he , she turn and back away in fear . lord kira ( disappointed ) all that you see from this window could be yours . why do you resist I so ? again , he approach she slowly , like he would a timid animal . reaches out to stroke she face , but the moment he black - lacquer fingernails touch she face , she slap he hand away defiantly . kira 's shock flash to anger and he strike she across the face . and just as he rear back to strike she again -- behind they , the door open and kira 's spy enter . kira 's spy Lord kira . I have word of the ronin . kira turn on a emotional dime , he anger instantly replace by a mask of calm . lord kira tell I . kira 's spy oishi be break . I have watch peasant farmer spit on he . kick he . humiliate he . there 's not a ounce of fight leave in he . lord kira you sound disappointed . kira 's spy it 's just that ... the storey I have hear . he be such a great warrior . to see he like this ... kira stride to table in the center of the room hold several bonsai tree . lord kira what do you know of bonsai tree ? the spy be take aback . 45 . kira 's spy I know they be beautiful . lord kira yes , but only as beautiful as a artist make they . kira pick up one of the tree -- a ugly shrub . then take up a pair of razor sharp shear . lord kira Left on they own this tree grow wild and out of control . it take the meticulous eye of a artist to see , to understand , to recognize a single branch that may mask the beauty within . a branch that leave on its own would overtake the whole . not unlike ronin . ( beat ) it be up to the artist to recognize this blight , for it be not until he clip that branch away -- kira cruelly snip off a branch . lord kira -- that the beauty of what lie beneath be reveal . kira turn and look at mika . though he 's speak of the tree , it 's clear he 's speak about she . lord kira now , it be up to the artist to gently manipulate the remain branch . not to cut , but to coerce its shape . to coax it . to train it . kira grab a branch and bend it down , use a piece of twine to tie it down . he consider it for a second , then set the tree aside . take another from the shelf . lord kira slowly . steadily . with increase pressure so that in time , with patience , the branch eventually cease to resist the artist 's desire ... kira release a branch that have be tie -- and it stay in position . lord kira and the work be complete . 46 . kira consider the tree with a critical eye . then turn to mika and do the same . lord kira in the end the tree succumb . it be a truth . ( pointedly ) and it be inevitable . and off mika 's frighten expression , we -- CUT to : int . kira 's fortress - lord 's chamber - moment later kira enter and shut the door behind he . a shadowy figure stand with he back to we at the edge of the balcony overlook the thousand foot drop below . lord kira thank you for wait . the figure nod almost imperceptibly . as kira angle around , we get a better look at the man . tall , stack with cord muscle . dress in a traditional ninjutsu outfit so dark red it be almost back . a mask across the lower half of he face conceal he identity and leave only he eye expose -- eye that burn with a intelligence and remorselessness that chill we blood . the ninja clanlord be quite possibly the most impose figure this side of the shogun . lord kira ( cont 'd ) I wish to hire you ninja clan to deal with the ronin . oishi in particular . the clanlord 's voice be the unfathomable crack and rumble of deep - earth coal be crush to diamond . ninja clanlord do I not just overhear you spy say he be break ? there 's a smirk in he voice . lord kira I have not get to where I be without take precaution . kira toss a heavy purse of gold koban to he . only the ninja Lord 's hand move , snatching it out of the air like a snake grab a bird in flight . 47 . lord kira ( cont 'd ) will this cover you expense ? ninja clanlord ( weigh the bag ) for now . lord kira there can be no evidence . I need you to make they disappear . ninja clanlord my Lord -- ( mock bow ) that be what we do best . and the clanlord step off the balcony , plummete into the abyss . kira rush to the edge ... but see only the thousand foot drop below . the clanlord have disappear . dissolve to : aerial shot - nagasaki BAY - day a bustling port city surround nagasaki 's gorgeous harbor ... but float in the middle of the Bay find : dejima island a small , artificial island build as a trading outpost for the dutch . the fan-shape islet be keep separate from the mainland by a long stone bridge -- Japan 's equivalent of the proverbial '' ten-foot-pole '' to keep foreigner from ever touch japanese soil . despite look from the local -- oishi cross the quarter - mile span of stone and step onto the island . speak to the first man he find , a japanese laborer in ridiculous western clothes . oishi I need to speak to the man in charge . the laborer nod and motion for oishi to follow . 48 . now track with oishi as he be lead across the synthetic island . though a claustrophobic maze of cargo crate and livestock . past laborer struggle to unload the two dutch east-india merchant ship moor there : the 18 sail '' dolphijn '' and the enormous '' rotterdam '' . Pov - oishi : scan each worker 's face as he pass , search for sign of he man . all the laborer be japanese , clad in the cornflower blue coat of the dutch , and to aman , they be gaunt , deject , strung out . as they pass the open door of a warehouse , oishi see why . the interior of one structure have be convert into a opium den . Inside , score of japanese workmen lay in a stupor , inhale they pay . they be slave keep not in chain of steel , but wisp of opium smoke . oishi note hanjo and several other man be among they . reaching the office , oishi be motion to wait as he guide disappear inside . a moment later , he reappear . guide the kapitan will see you . int . dejima - kapitan' office - continuous the room be dark and fill with the blue - gray haze of tobacco smoke . oishi nearly think he 's alone ... until the bowl of a pipe glow cherry red as someone in the shadow take a long draw . we can almost make out the man 's feature -- huge and unreal -- but then the dark close in once again . kapitan you look as though you have travel far . the voice be harsh and startling as a anchor chain clanking . the man fill two sake cup and push one forward . kapitan here ... slake you thirst . oishi sip . the kapitan downs he . kapitan so.. you have come for work ? oishi I have come to collect my man . 49 . kapitan you man ? ( mull this ) you be samurai , then ? under which lord do you serve ? oishi say no more . the kapitan laugh , refilling he glass . kapitan ah ... so you be ronin . you japanese be a funny people . distort honor until it be a perversion beyond recognition . oishi ignore the slight and the kapitan downs he drink . kapitan the problem be this : you man come here willingly to work , but they have accrue many debt during they time here . oishi I will pay . kapitan how ? oishi remove he sword from he belt and place it reverently on the table . the kapitan 's hand reach out from the dark ; monstrous grit - crust paw cover in rope scar and sailor tattoos . so big , it 's hard to believe they be human . the kapitan click the scabbard open to examine the blade -- a ceremonial work of art , razor sharp . he run he thumb along the edge until a drop of blood trickle down the blade . then he slam the sword back in its sheath and set it back on the table . kapitan done ! in rotterdam , we drink to a deal . the kapitan fill both they glass . kapitan kampai . oishi downs he sake . oishi and now you will get my man . 50 . the room glow red as the kapitan take another draw on he pipe , and this time we glimpse he eye -- two cruel chip of soulless blue sea ice . kapitan will I ? oishi rise ... but suddenly feel unsteady . kapitan you japanese ... the arrogance be staggering . I mean , here you sit , despise by you own people , unwanted , unhireable ... and yet you presume to give I order . oishi collapse forward as the world tilt crazily . and with horror he realize he 's be drugged . kapitan you forget yourself , ronin . we may not be allow to step foot onto japanese soil without risk we entire shipping operation , but the blade cut both way . this be dutch land . you can almost hear the bastard grin . oishi go for he sword -- but the table explode up , throw across the room as easily as a toy . oishi stumble back and watch in horror as the kapitan step into the light . the man be enormous . a eight - foot bearded hulk , stack with the heavy , unnatural muscle only the sea can give . this be why they call the dutch '' barbarian '' . the kapitan make conan look like a sissy kid brother . oishi 's sword lay at he foot . he move for it , but the dutch giant 's hand snatch out and grip he by the collar . lift he as easily as a child -- awesome strength -- then hurl he across the room ! wham ! oishi smashes against the wall and slam to the floor . Pov oishi : as the giant stomp toward he , the world turn surreal from the drug . oishi try to crawl to he sword , but the kapitan grab he by he topknot and smashes he -- crrraaaash ! -- into he desk with enough force to shatter it to kindling . and then the dutchman lift he up , choking he to death . oishi struggle as the bastard laugh , and just as the light be about to go out forever -- 51 . oishi 's finger close on a wicked splinter from the shattered desk -- ten inch long and deadly sharp -- and stab it down through he collar bone and deep into he trunk . kapitan grraaaaaughh ! the barbarian captain roar in pain and hurl he with enough force to SNAP the wall board . hear he cry , another giant dutch officer race in , wheellock pistol out and ready to fire . kapitan shoot he ! the Officer pull the trigger , but in the blink of a eye , oishi grasp he sword and whip the blade out of its scabbard -- and right between the cap and the powder ! the gun click harmlessly and , as the confuse Officer stare , try to figure out what just happen , oishi lash the blade up and bisect he enormous head . make he move , oishi stagger out of the room , the kapitan roaring behind he . kapitan to arm ! to arm !! ext . dejima - continuous oishi ’'s Pov : the drug hit full -effect and reality slip into a whorling nightmare landscape . as gargantuan dutchmen come run to aid they kapitan , oishi duck into the labyrinth of cargo crate , make he way toward where he last see he man . back in the kapitan 's office - the dutch leader bust OPEN the arm chest and start hand out weaponry to he man : pistol , cutlass , curtal axe ... back to oishi make he way through the maze when -- suddenly , two dutchmen race around the corner . the one with the pistol fire , but oishi react instantly , whipping the flat of he blade up as a narrow , vertical shield and brace with both hand as -- spanggg ! -- the bullet ricochet off ! 52 . as he try to reload , dutchman # 2 roar defiantly and charge with a naval cutlass -- but as he swing , oishi slap the blade down with the flat of he leave hand and hack the man' head from he shoulder with he right . no time to reload , the pistoleer flip the gun around to use as a club . when he swing , oishi half - step back and the butt of the pistol swishes past he face to obliterate a wooden crate ! oishi then half -step forward and separate the titan 's arm from the rest of he body . oishi continue on , arrive at -- the opium den a dutch attendant rise -- but then fall back as he leg be hewn from he trunk . myth blend with reality as oishi move through , dragon of smoke swirl around the room . dozen of japanese lay everywhere in a opium stupor . fall samurai , ruin geishas . oishi find hanjo lay on the floor . oishi ( shaking he ) hanjo ! hanjo open he eye , struggle to rise from he narcosis . hanjo oishi ... you come . they make I ... they make -- oishi I know . where be the other ? hanjo point to a back room . but suddenly -- blam ! -- a pistol ball flip the collar of oishi 's kimono , so close it actually singes the silk . oishi turn on the gunman stand in the doorway , then spring forward and lance the man through the heart so fast we almost miss it . then he 's back by hanjo 's side . oishi we have to go . now . oishi heft hanjo to he foot and race into the back room just as the kapitan and he man storm the de . 53. int . opium den - back room lockdown for problem slave ... with pistol ball thunking into the wood around they , oishi slam the heavy door close behind they . instantly , two dutchmen rise , one brandish a pistol , but before he can get off a shot , oishi slice up , chopping off the man 's hand with the pistol -- which hanjo grab out of mid - AIR and fire point blank into the face of giant # 2 . stop # 1 's scream with a nonchalant cut , oishi turn to find ten of he man secure to the wall by chain around they neck . oishi 's man can not believe they eye . isogai blademaster . .? oishi cleave the wood beam they chain run through , freeing they all . on the other side of the door the dutch giant batter at the wood as the kapitan watch on in a fury . back inside oishi see the wood grain in the door begin to separate . there 's no escape . no time leave . one of the older ronin , okuda , kneel before oishi . okuda let we at least die with honor . and he expose he neck for a clean strike . oishi consider . then raise he sword high and cleave down ! but not through okuda 's neck . through the floorplanks to the crawlspace below . oishi you have duty yet to fulfill , samurai . on the other side of the door the dutch use all they might and crash through the door -- just in time to see oishi disappear down the rabbit hole . 54 . boom-boom-boom !! they unload a hellfire of pistol , but the ronin be already go . ext . opium den - continuous a squealing wave of rat come surging from beneath the building , follow by oishi and he man . oishi run for the dock ! let nothing stop you ! and as a swarm of dutchmen race around the corner , oishi turn and dispatch they while the ronin run . oishi be Jack the giant killer , cut down hulk barbarian and buy time for he man -- until the kapitan rage forward with sixty armed man . then oishi , too , turn and run , cut a rope that secure a stack of cargo which come tumbling down , crushing one of they enemy and hampering the pursuit . ext . dejima - continuous oishi and he man run , a hailstorm of lead rip past as they charge out onto the dock -- a quarter - mile of stone stand between they and freedom . behind they , the dutch begin to gain . firing . firing . with oishi and he men running across the dock - as bullet start find they mark . one ronin 's head explode . another be gutshot and fall behind . hanjo go down with a bullet in he thigh -- but oishi be there , hefting he up and racing down the final stretch . the dutch try to reload while they chase , but give up , draw knive and cutlass instead . pour on the steam . gaining until the kapitan be only feet away -- and just as he haul back to bury he cutlass in oishi 's skull -- oishi dive , drag hanjo with he ...onto japanese soil . the dutch skid to a stop at the end of the dock , millimeter from crossing the line . oishi stare up from the ground at he pursuer , breathe hard , separate by a invisible wall . safe . the kapitan stare hatefully at oishi , a seethe inferno of impotent fury . with a roar , he reach into he shoulder and pull out the wick spike -- nearly a foot of bloody wood -- and cast it aside . 55 . then , as he and he man retreat back down the dock , oishi slump exhaust to the ground , and we -- dissolve to : a SMALL campfire the survivor from dejima have campe in a wood spot for the night . all of the man be sleep , save for hanjo , who shiver mercilessly from opium withdrawl . oishi lift a small bubbling pot from the fire . oishi here . drink this . with tremble hand , hanjo do . hanjo ( ashamed ) look at I ... oishi I do . in pride . hanjo what be there to be proud of ? I be weak . even now I crave the opium , oishi . oishi the opium crave itself . and that will pass . ( beat ) but the man I see before I be willing to sacrifice all , to reduce himself beyond what be endurable without think for himself , in the hope of one day return honor to he lord 's name . ( beat ) no , the man I see before I ... humble I by he example of bushido . oishi bow he head and hanjo let the moment infuse he , settle into the deep steel of he soul . strengthen he . hanjo so how can I help ? oishi ( vo ) this be the name of all the ako samurai . match to : 56 . hilltop - dawn oishi draw he tanto ... and slice it through a list of name he hold before he . he sever the paper into eight equal portion , then hand one out to each man . oishi all must be contact . the man bow . but only hanjo do not have a list . he turn to oishi , empty hand . hanjo but what of I ? I be able -- oishi quiet he with a gesture , then withdraw SMALL scroll from he robe . press it into hanjo 's hand . oishi find he . series of shot - the gathering of the ronin across japan as the SUN and music both rise dramatically , oishi and he ronin strike off in all eight direction of the compass . now intercut between : -- isogai travel along a mountain path , seasonal rain make for slow go . -- okuda trekk through a land of hot spring -- hanjo make he way along the coast to a seaport village . smash to : -- ext . a peaceful river . one of asano 's older samurai , hazama ( 68 ) now sit in a boat as a peasant , use a pet cormorant on a leash to catch sweetfish . when he row in , he be surprised to find oishi wait for he ... oishi it be time . -- int . sumo stable . two beheamoth rikishi ( wrestler ) collide with a titanic clash . the larger of the two be basho , one of asano 's ronin . they struggle mightily ... until basho see isogai watch in the doorway . isogai flash Lord asano 's family crest and basho roar , pitching he opponent out of the ring with superhuman strength to end the bout ... -- and as hanjo pay for passage aboard a ship to cross the sea ... 57 . -- a drunkard in a bar gulp down he sake ... only to find asano ' 's crest at the bottom of he glass . he turn to look and find okuda beside he ... -- a beggar squat at a bridge call for alm when asano 's crest clink into he donation blanket . he touch it and look up ... to see isogai before he ... -- laborer strain to lift giant stone against a slope for the foundation of a castle when basho appear . Three familiar face instantly drop what they be do and move to he . .. -- in China , hanjo speak to a mercenary Officer , who tie oishi 's scroll onto the leg of a hawk and urge the bird skyward ... -- a monk be in meditation outside he temple . when he open he eye , he be surprised to see asano' crest before he . -- ina sapling forest , a group of brigands spring from concealment to rob a traveller ... only to find the traveller be hazama bear asano 's crest . the brigand Chief , one of asano 's principal retainer , kneel and weep at hazama 's foot . -- ina rice paddy , a farmer and he wife be harvest knee - deep in muck when a shadow fall over they . it 's oishi . aerial shot - skimming above china we be on a visual rollercoaster ride following the falcon as it navigate the wild air current over mongol China . we wheel through the sail rigging of junk on the river , then barely skim over the top of the great Wall -- -- to reveal a massive dust cloud where a epic battle be underway . in no time , we fly into it . arrow fly past like a steel - tip rainstorm . the falcon do not care , dip down into the carnage where we see a company of mercenary battle against the mongol horde . we fly just overhead , the machinery of war turn man into mincemeat , until the falcon spot what it 's look for : the standard of the merc company . dodging crazily through sword swipe and speartip , the falcon make it to the standard bearer and land on he shoulder . 58 . the man glance at scroll the falcon carry , then run forward to find -- minoru at the heart of the hot fight . the man be a tireless whirlwind of destruction , let he two sword unleash all the anger he 's ever feel over he ignoble birth , the loss of mika . he take out one mongol with a ankle -sever strike know as harvest Rice , then two more in a acrobatic maneuver call mantis catch the fly . at a momentary break in the battle , the Standard bearer run up to minoru . standard bearer a message ! minoru take the scroll . crack the seal and read the paper within . it read : it be time . it 's sign by oishi . as minoru look at the paper , behind he a gigantic neanderthal mongol rise up ! see he too late , the Standard bearer panic as the mongol swing he great dire axe -- but minoru turn and dispatch the giant with a casual swipe . then sheathes he sword . minoru I be need . and minoru begin to walk away . standard bearer what ?! where do you think you be go ?! minoru ! and just like that , he walk away from the battle . dissolve to : ext . sengakuji graveyard - night a sea fog have roll in from the coast , lend the moment a serene , spiritual feel . oishi kneel before Lord asano 's grave in prayer . the knife with which young asano take he own life sit with honor on a small length of silk before he . 59 . quiet footstep behind he bring he from meditation . hanjo Sir ... the man have gather . but when oishi open he eye , there be a curious look on hanjo 's face . oishi what be it ? hanjo there be less than expect . ext . sengakuji temple - moment later oishi quickly make he way down the foggy path toward the temple . the glow of many lantern blaze through the mist ahead . oishi mount the temple step and ascend -- inside and where he expect to find asano 's three - hundred - and -fifty loyal samurai warrior , fully - armed and ready to restore they Lord 's name to glory -- he be shocked to find only forty - three ... oishi stare at the man , a quarter of they in they fifty and sixty . one of they , horibe , be even in he late seventies . and there be not a stitch of steel between they . oishi where be the other ? oishi stand momentarily dumbfounded . a man awak from a dream of heaven ... only to find himself in hell . finally , a elderly warrior ( chuzaemon ) speak up . chuzaemon we be once 350 strong . now look at we . muramatsu kimura we be only 45 . you promise we honor , oishi ! isogai we should have fight ! what good be we now ? 60 . the moment turn quiet . despair . nearby , sujo 's falcon ruffle its feather , send a snow of downy underfeather to the temple floor . oishi step forward . oishi what good be we now ? oishi extend he arm and take the bird from sujo . remove its hood . oishi look at this falcon . powerful . proud . utterly without fear . his skill at fly make he the unmatch hunter in the sky . ( beat ) yet despite the thousand of feather that cover the falcon 's body ... only twenty give it flight . oishi swing he arm , casting the falcon into the air where it beat the AIR powerfully with its wing , soaring back to sujo . it settles on he wrist with a proud , noble shriek . there 's real power in the moment . each man stare at the bird ... then turn back to oishi , who meet every one of they eye . oishi you be the one that come back . you be the strongest , most loyal samurai of the asano clan . will you fight with I ? there be a beat as every man search he soul , the decision hang in the balance until -- voice ( 0s ) I will fight . everyone turn to see minoru stride into the chamber . his time in the mercenary company have harden he . hone he . he be a serious warrior now . the campaigneer meet the gaze of every man in the room , challenging . minoru I may not be samurai , but I owe everything that I be to Lord asano ... and I be willing to give my life if I can help you avenge he death . 61 . one by one , the other stand . the tide turn and soon everyone have rise . oishi look at the forty - six loyal man stand before he -- range in age from 24 to 77 -- all willing to die for what they believe in . it 's not nearly enough ... but they will have to make do . oishi then we be forty - six united . voice ( 0s ) forty -seven . oishi turn to see -- chikara -- enter the ring of man . the sixteen- year- old move to stand before he father ; a boy on the precipice of manhood . chikara asano be my Lord as well . oishi consider he son 's word ... then suddenly hurl a sword at he lightning fast ! chikara catch the blade by the hilt with ease . in he right hand . oishi meet he son 's eye with respect ... and nod . oishi ( with finality ) then if the god will it ... we shall fight as forty - seven . CUT to : int . sengakuji temple - late night many of the man be still talk , catch up . other sleep . oishi be sit beside a small fire , contemplate he son who doze peacefully nearby , when minoru quietly walk over and sit down . minoru speak quietly so as not to wake the boy . minoru ( be : chikara ) he 's grow . 62 . oishi so have you . you look like hachiman . minoru I feel like he . ancient . eternally exhaust . oishi look at minoru , genuine mirth touch he feature . oishi it be good to see you again , minoru . the two fall into a peaceful silence . but it can not last and dissolves into more serious matter at hand . minoru Lady asano ? oishi ( nod ) alive . minoru read between the line . minoru what be not you tell I ? oishi she be to be marry to kira on the eve of the new moon . we sense it take every ounce of iron control minoru have to keep from go after she that very second . minoru then how shall we proceed ? oishi to fight a war , a army need two thing : fire in its belly and steel in its hand ... the first we have . ( dramatic beat ) now it 's time to get the latter . and as the two man meet eye , hard CUT to : ecu - a japanese woodblock with a image carve in relief . carefully , a artisan coat the surface with ink , then press a large canvas against it , create a amazing woodblock print of mt. Fuji at sunrise as see from a busy marketplace at edo. 63 . now tilt up from the canvas to reveal the exact same image ... but this time it 's real . we be : ext . CITY marketplace - outside edo - day the artisan 's quarter . metalsmith 's alley , specifically . chikara wander through in wonder . past isogai who critically examine a sword maker 's ware . then on past another stall where minoru be do the same -- until he eye catch on something in particular . minoru lift a smooth white cube from the table . minoru how much for the block of ivory ? vendor set it down , halfbreed . we do not sell to you kind . but minoru be use to this . simply pull he entire coin belt and set it down . ten time what the thing be worth . everything he 's ever save . the vendor stare at the money ... and he prejudice be overcome by practical greed . vendor ( cont 'd ) take it and go . and do not tell anyone where you buy it ! chikara continue on , to where he hear he father ahead . oishi ( 0s ) and this be you best fight piece ? chikara join he father at a swordsmith 's stall , where oishi be inspect a regal - look katana . swordmaker the high quality in all edo . officially recognize by the Emperor . work the bellow in the rear of the stall , a elderly one - armed ainu ( a aboriginal japanese ) chuckle at the swordmaker 's sale pitch . the guy be 80 if he 's a day and have a beard to he navel . the swordmaker throw a irritate glance to shut he up , and try to continue . 64 . swordmaker ( cont ’d ) examine the detail of the scrollwork . so delicate . so beautiful -- in response , the ainu blow he nose like a trumpet , use he dirty beard as a kleenex , and laugh like a madman . the swordmaker have have enough , hurl a handful of iron tsuba at the toothless old man . swordmaker ( cont ’d ) I ’1ll teach you to cackle , you filthy dung monkey ! the ainu skitter back into the shadow . as the swordmaker go to chase he away , chikara pick up the regal sword . chikara this be the one we be look for , right , Father ? they be beautiful blade . oishi and nothing more . chikara be confuse . oishi take the beautiful blade from he hand and explain patiently . a good teacher . a great father . oishi ( cont 'd ) the steel tell all . Ifa swordmaker be lazy and fold the metal only a handful of time , the carbon do not get distribute and the iron remain soft . oishi press on the sword edge with he thw -- chikara careful , Father ! -- but rather than cut he , the metal bend like butter . the sight impress chikara ... but affect oishi in a deeper way . oishi how many samurai have be send to they death with a weapon like this in they hand ? ( shake he head sadly ) terrible ... oishi slide the blade back into its scabbard just as the swordmaker return . 65 . swordmaker I be sorry about that foul creature . now , let we back to business -- oishi clearly you be a master swordmaker ... but I be afraid this be far beyond what we could afford . ( bow humbly ) I thank you for you time . swordmaker thank I in future by not waste it ! as oishi continue down the line of stall , chikara 's attention be draw to a commotion down the alley . Three brash samurai -- noto hare from they armor -- make they way through the street , shouting drunkenly and sharply slapping people aside with the flat of they blade . hare leader move , you lout ! merchant and customer scramble to get out of they way . as they near the stall where chikara stand , the leader of the hare turn to a pretty fruit vendor girl in she stall . hare leader ( cont 'd ) we be hungry . have you any winter melon ? fruit vendor girl no , my lord -- noto hare # 1 lies ! she hide they here ! # 1 suddenly grab she and tear she silk robe open , expose she generous bosom . noto hare # 1 ( cont ’d ) I ask you , be that not melon ?! the man laugh as she struggle to cover up , and # 1 be give she breast a rough squeeze when the hare leader turn and see chikara stare at he . hare leader be there a problem , peasant ? chikara hesitates . know he should not say anything , but -- chikara yes . there be . 66 . the hare stop and turn on chikara , who do not back a inch . chikara samurai be suppose to protect they people , not prey upon they . noto hare # 2 how dare you speak so insolently to you better ! chikara I see no better before I . there 's a dangerous moment . the leader step forward . hare leader the farmer 's get a little pluck in he . ( turn to Hare # 2 ) cut it out . Hare # 2 draw he sword with relish , and as he go to slap chikara with the flat of the blade -- and in that instant , chikara 's instinct overrule all rational think . completely on reflex , chikara sidestep the blow and trap - lock the sword out of # 2 ' 's hand . before the hare can blink , the sword be now in chikara 's hand and - - whammm !! -- he smashes # 2 across the face with it . teeth go fly and # 2 drop like a fell tree . all this happen within a single heartbeat . the hare look at one another -- this be no simple farmer . now the leader draw he weapon , two double dagger know as rabbit 's teeth , and spring at chikara , unleash a intense flurry of blows . chikara stumble back , surprised by the speed and ferocity of the strike . chikara block , but quickly find himself so overwhelm by the onslaught ... ... that he make a fatal mistake and instinctively switch he sword to he dominant left hand . the hare leader see open and as he move to deliver the death blow -- clackk ! the Hare leader 's dual blade be block by a walking stick . 67 . the leader whip around -- to confront a man stand before he . oishi . there 's a moment ... then the leader recognize he . hare leader ronin ..! all around , thirty ear perk up at the word . instantly , oishi and he man go for weapon , ready to fight -- but the hare do what they what they do best and take off running to alert they daimyo . oishi turn to he man . oishi if they get away , we plan be doom . without another word , hanjo and isogai take off after noto Hare # 1 , while oishi and minoru follow the Hare leader , leave chikara alone in the dust . the hare leader train as a runner since birth , the leader sprint through the maze of edo street , desperately fast , round corner , leaping off wall , shove anyone to the ground who get in he way . minoru do he best to stay on he heel , but the bastard 's unbelievably fast . oishi quickly realize he will not be able to keep up , and use he brain instead of he foot , cut down a adjacent alleyway , hope to get ahead of the chase while -- isogai be in hot pursuit of noto Hare # 1 . as nearly 60 - year- old hanjo start to wheeze and fall back , isogai call out -- isogai do not worry , old man , I have get it ! and isogai take off at speed , the entire hope of the 47 ronin rest on he shoulder . Hare # 1 run like a rabbit before the hound . be he not drunk , he would certainly leave isogai in the dust , but he leg have lose they split- second timing and fleetness . and isogai be gain . 68. watch he pursuer over he shoulder more than the way ahead , Hare # 1 round a corner -- and find himself in a dead end alley . but just when we think he ’1ll stop , he do not -- and run straight for the alley wall ! with every ounce of speed he can muster he leap at the stone and rebound off they , sailing over the head of isogai and toward freedom --!! but isogai reach up and grab a foot as he pass -- and slam he down to the earth . wham !! now a desperate scrabble ensue , Hare # 1 wield he double short sword like steel incisor . isogai and he grapple on the ground , but the Hare 's move be blazingly fast and he 's armored . isogai 's attempt to harm he be thwart by the steel and slowly , the fight turn . Hare # 1 get the upper hand , double blade poise above isogai 's chest , and just as he 's about to stab down -- two elderly hand reach into frame , grip Hare # 1 's helm and wrench it violently around -- krrraaaacckk ! -- breaking he neck . Hare # 1 drop , boneless as a doll , and isogai look up at he savior . hanjo stand there . hanjo ( pointedly ) Old man ? isogai I be never go to hear the end of this , be I ? hanjo just smile and we slam back to -- the noto hare leader racing through the street , minoru hot on he heel . he try to lose he pursuer by take a shortcut beneath a building on stilt -- -- to find he only mean of escape blocked as oishi 's shape fill the exit . the leader turn to double back , but now minoru block that way as well . the Hare leader 's eye flick back and forth wildly . he 's trap . and as oishi and minoru draw they weapon and start close in for the kill in perfect synchronicity , the leader sigh , know he 's well and truly fuck ... CUT to : 69 . ext . CITY marketplace - moment later chikara stand at the fruit vendor girl 's stall make sure she 's okay . chikara be you certain you be all right ? she refuse to make eye contact . a moment later , she father step up and push chikara away . glare at he . girl 's father you be not welcome here . you kind only bring trouble . chikara I do not understand . I come to you aid -- girl 's father you be ronin . you be a disgrace . nothing you do will ever change that . ( beat ) now go . shock , chikara look around ... and see the entire marketplace focused on he . look of disdain . anger. hatred . and for the first time for chikara , what it truly mean to be ronin hit home . dissolve to : ext . CITY - later the five ronin have regathere . minoru sit beneath a tree , carve the block of ivory he buy . in the b.g. , hanjo and isogai dump the body of the slain hare in the river . now pan over to reveal chikara sit on a rock , remove from the group . after a moment , oishi approach he son . sit beside he . neither say a word , until finally -- oishi ( quietly ) listen , chikara ... the only advantage we have against kira , the only possible chance , be by mean of surprise . they must continue to think we be break and not a threat . ( beat ) ( more ) 70 . oishi ( cont 'd ) you be not think . you must suppress you pride . there will be a time to fight . this be not it . humiliate , chikara look up at he father . chikara do you wish I to go home ? oishi consider ... then shake he head . oishi no . we be only 47 . we can not afford to lose a single blade ... chikara bow he head in shame as oishi rise and stride off . CUT to : ext . rural road - later minoru walk beside chikara , who be drown in a sea of self - doubt . chikara I be so ... ashamed . minoru look he in the eye . man to man . minoru then redeem yourself . chikara but , I be curse . no matter how hard I try to suppress it , my leave hand be dominant . if not for my father intervene back there ... chikara do not finish the think . it 's too terrible . minoru you must not dwell on what 's past . chikara that 's easy for you to say . my father respects you . minoru perhaps ... but the rest of the world do not . and never will . ( beat ) my whole life I have know that I can never be a samurai ... but that have not prevent I from live as though I could . 71 . chikara look up at minoru . minoru you must take what you think hold you back and find a way to turn it into a strength . chikara but how ? minoru you be you father 's son . you will figure it out . there be kindness in minoru 's look . and strength . it 's just the salve for chikara 's wounded pride . minoru walk away , and as chikara process what he 's say -- sfx : someone giggle behind chikara . chikara turn to look ... but see no one there . chikara continue walk -- and stop short when the mad giggling recommence . he spin around , and this time he see the one - armed ainu totter after he , almost upon he . one -armed ainu .- hee-hee ... i know who you be ... hee - hee ... I know what you be look for ... as the toothless old vagabond near he , chikara back away in panic and trip , fall flat on he ass . the ainu descend on he , greasy beard fall in chikara 's face . one -armed ainu ( cont 'd ) --.i know ...iknowiknowiknow.. heeheeeheeeee ... chikara aaauughh ! in a instant , oishi and the other be there . hanjo use the point of he sword to back the ainu away . hanjo leave he be , old one ! but even then , the wizen creature can only giggle . one - armed ainu I know who you be ! Lord asano 's man ! Lord asano 's ronin come look for weapon . minoru and the other look to oishi , concerned . 72 . isogai should I kill he ? one -armed ainu kill I ? when I be the only one in the city who know how to find good blade , real blade , instead of this ... ornament . he spit out the last word with disgust . oishi where ? the ainu begin cough theatrically , lean heavily on he walk staff . one -armed ainu so dry out today , be it not ? a man can hardly ... ( cough , cough ) ... clear he throat to speak . a little drink would ease my -- isogai answer he , you little beggar ! oishi isogai . one -armed ainu the tavern be not far . out of town . away from trouble . away from pesky little rabbit . the ainu indicate behind oishi with he eye . oishi turn and see two noto hare walk down the road . oishi ( turn back to the ainu ) lead we . time CUT to : int . tavern - outside the CITY - later oishi 's man sit around as the one - armed ainu loudly finish a bowl of soup and use he beard as a napkin . but when he signal for a refill of he sake cup , isogai explode . isogai why be we waste we time ?! he know nothing ! he 's simply try to beg sake off we ! 73 . but before isogai have finish he rant , the old man slide he walk stick apart to reveal the most beautiful example of swordmaking we have ever see . even minoru , completely engross in carve he ivory block , look up in wonder . in he hand , the ainu hold a double - edged katana , polished mirror bright . like liquid silver . a steel dream ... word choke in isogai 's throat . oishi stare in open astonishment at the quality . oishi koto blade ... from the reverence in he tone , we can tell it 's the Holy grail of swordmake . oishi ( cont 'd ) how . .? one -armed ainu the rest of Japan may have forget the true art of swordmake ... but the ainu have not . and_ as the old man begin to tell the story , push in on the coal in the brazier on the table and -- dissolve to : a river of flowing lava -- snake beneath the earth . we be : int . mt. fuji -- where we follow the lava flow through a maze of volcanic tunnel form of solidify molten rock . Orange light suffuse the tunnel , make they glow . from somewhere ahead , and the sound of smith 's hammer can be hear . one -armed ainu ( vo ) frustrate at the deterioration of the swordmake art , the descendant of legendary swordmaker amakuni retreat into the lava tunnel beneath mt. Fuji to rediscover they ancestor 's lose technique . 74 . now we round a bend in the tunnel and enter Hell 's foundry -- a awesome chamber of stalactite and stalagmite where a army of oni ( fierce japanese demon ) work iron into steel use bubbling calderas of lava as they furnace . one -armed ainu ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) down there in the dark , they use the earth as they forge . with no sun to tell the time , the swordmaker work relentlessly , day and night , caring only for they craft , they body change , become muscle from the hammer , they skin baked red as kiln brick from the unending heat , they eye sear milky white from stare at the glow of molten metal . close in on the large of the oni as he pull a gigantic blade from a lava pot . it glow cherry red as he place it on a iron deposit and raise a massive hammer to shape it -- one -armed ainu ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but all that matter be the sword . the oni smashes the hammer down with the force of a god . claaaangg ! a explosion of SPARKS burst from the metal , and we -- match back to : the brazier ( int . tavern ) - continuous -- as the ainu poke the coal and spark fly . the tale have spellbound oishi 's man . all except isogai , who roll he eye at the theatrics . one -armed ainu the price for the blade be two - fold . the first be you silence . if the Emperor be to discover the swordmaker , he would claim they and the art would be lose forever . oishi and what be the second ? one -armed ainu gold . fifty koban apiece . everyone react . shock . outrage . isogai physically stumble back from the figure . 75 . minoru hanjo what ?! be you joke ?! isogai I have hear enough ! the man be clearly a thief , oishi ! no one make koto blade anymore , the secret be go . the blade be too pretty . it would never stand up in battle battle . it 's a fake ! at that , the ainu rise . one -armed ainu if it be a fake , then strike I down . isogai watch you word , old man . I be tempt to do just that ! one -armed ainu then strike at I . ( beat ) if you do not , then I will . ( beat ) Strike I ! when isogai hesitates , the ainu move lightning fast , snatching up he sword with he lone arm and attacking ! isogai react on decade of hard - drill instinct , parry the blow -- craaang ! -- then chopping the ainu across the middle , cleave he in two ! isogai you should not have strike at I , old man . I regret that I have to kill you . but the ainu do not fall . and instead , start to laugh . one -armed ainu and I regret that you be in error . you have do I no harm . at this , the ainu straighten and we see he 's completely unharme . isogai gape in awe ... until he see he blade lay on the ground , shatter . he 's be stand there like a idiot , hold only the handle of he sword . and the ainu 's sword be untouched . not a nick on it . nothing . oishi turn to he . and smile . 76 . oishi we will take 47 . ext . tavern - wide shot - later as the group leave the inn , oishi sense someone or something watch they from the dark forest . oishi turn . scan the wood . but when he find nothing , he turn back and continue on he way . it be only when oishi be go that a shape move from it 's hide place -- perch high in the shadow of a tree with metal climb claw on hand and foot . the most fear and loathe type of mercenary in all of Japan . the ninja bound impossibly from treetop to treetop , stalking its prey ... dissolve to : ext . mount fuji - establishing the world 's most - recognizable stratovolcano stand dramatically against the horizon , a thick column of ash and smoke rise from its snowy cone . at the base of the mountain -- oishi -- lead a half - dozen of he ronin and a complement of bearer pull wagon through the bamboo forest know as the '' Sea of tree '' . soon , a clear reveal a structure on stilt build up against the side of the mountain . sitting abandon for several year , the Lotus peak look more like a haunt house than a tea room . int . abandoned teahouse - continuous shroud in cobweb , dust and deep shadow ... the tea hall be a single greatroom , fill with shoji wall that could subdivide the space into numerous private tea room . hanjo I think we have be have . oishi say nothing , move forward through the darken space . the other follow . and as they do ... 77 . we notice the maze of shoji wall begin to silently shift around they . unnotice by oishi 's man , the ricepaper wall slide into place , separate the group into smaller and smaller faction . and just as the trap be about to spring -- oishi notice a broken cobweb . and then another . and as he eye track a series of broken cobweb up the wall and into the shadow , realization hit -- someone have scale the wall ! someone be in here with we ! oishi shinobi ! oishi whip he sword out and up before he face just as a ninja strike from the ceiling shadow like a cobra , spitting a spray of GREEN poison in he face . ecu as the poison spray hit the flat of oishi 's blade and be deflected into two separate stream away from oishi 's nose and_ mouth ! oishi wheel away -- just in time to see a small clay ball with a lit fuse toss among the samurai . boooom !! the thunderclap go off like a cannon , deafening SOUND and blinding light that reveal the wall be crawling with ninja ! [ sfx note : as a result of the grenade , the only sound in the follow scene be the tinny ringing of oishi 's ear . ] as the samurai try to shake off the effect of the blast , the ninja strike . smoulder flame illuminate glimpsis of hook and chain grab people under they chin and yanking they up into the darkness . ninja materializing from the shadow and strike with shurikken , disk harpoon , TIGER claw . one bearer try stay out of range of a ninja with a spear -- but realize too late when it gut he from across the room that the spear be extendable ! it 's like the ambush out of alien . the ninja materialize from the dark , attack with inhuman ferocity , then disappear back into shadow . the bearer panic , die in drove , while -- oishi ’'s men master they fear and battle for they life . suddenly , a chain wrap around oishi 's sword and rip it away into the dark as another ninja attack with ninja-to , the distinctive ninja straight sword . 78 . reacting without think , oishi step into the attack and slap the blade aside with the flat of he hand -- then grab the sword 's guard with he finger and yank it out of the ninja 's hand , dispatch he with a move call flow Water . oishi ronin , to I ! minoru divide one dark warrior into four equal part , then turn -- as a ninja poisoner rise from the dark before he ! the poisoner spit like a snake , but minoru be faster , whipping he sword across the man 's neck -- and a gush of purplish toxin rush down the poisoner 's chest from he gape throat ! one by one oishi and he men fight they way to each other . Battle back to back against the dark tide of assassin . but the ninja have number and surprise , force we heroes into -- the depth of the teahouse -- where there be no window . no door . and no hope for escape . oishi and he man fight like lion , battle against the crush of assailant , but soon find they back against the teahouse 's rear wall . nowhere else to go . razor-sharp spear point materialize from the dark , follow by the ninja warrior who carry they . oishi come then , you faceless coward . ( whip blood off he sword my blade still thirst . the ninja spearmen charge . oishi grab a spear thrust at he chest , stop it from impale he , but the kinetic force behind the charge be enough to drive he back into the wall -- -- and through it ! Wood crack and splinter as oishi and he man be propel through the false rear wall of the teahouse and into -- a volcanic tunnel -- illuminate by pool of molten lava bubbling up through the earth . 79 . sfx : the demonic percussion of hammer on anvil resound from the dark ahead . the ninja onslaught drive they toward it . around a bend in the tunnel and into -- hell forge the secret ainu swordwork within mount Fuji . calderas of molten rock act as forge . steam vent as bellows . Raw iron deposit as anvil . instantly , twenty monstrous ogre look up from they metalwork . milky eye glaring . rotted tooth snarling . impossible muscle rippling beneath red , baked skin . there be a terrible freeze moment , then -- crrrraaaasshh !! -- a enormous hammer turn a chunk of volcanic rock to fine dust a inch from oishi 's face ! oishi leap back as a scar - face ogre charge from the shadow impossibly fast , bellowing , and strike again . oishi block the blow with he sword -- which shatter as if it be make of glass . oishi god ... and as the inhuman beast strike again -- another angle as wave of ogre and ninjas crash against oishi 's man , crush they in nightmarish battle . the ronin fight for they life in a impossible , terrifying three - way-battle ! oishi be drive back by the scar - face ogre 's relentless assault . hammerblow after hammerblow whoosh past he face with enough force to whip he hair wildly about he face . but just as the ogre lunge to strike again , oishi reverse he footwork and step in to perform a move know as Dog steal bone and disarm the brute , send he hammer thudding to the floor . defenseless , the ogre freeze and oishi strike ! but as ako ' 's swordmaster swing -- 80 . oishi pow ( 7 ot§ at ogre ) oishi shove the monster down and thrust he sword a inch above its head -- to skewer a ninja about to cleave the ogre in half ! then oishi dart off , run into the heart of the battle . the scar -face ogre watch he go , realization dawn across he brutish face the man could have kill he . that the ronin be not enemy . but the ninja ... scar - face pick up he hammer and bellows in he savage tongue at he ainu brethren . all around the ogre immediately cease battle oishi 's ronin ... and turn they fury on the ninja . hanjo can not believe it when the monster he 's fight suddenly turn and stand beside he to face two ninja with chain and sickle . basho be get cut repeatedly by a quick little ninja wield two dagger when -- wham ! -- a titanic mallet hammer the little bastard 's head down into he chest cavity . the ogre responsible step from the dark and hand basho a extra mallet . isogai dispatch three ninja and turn in time to see a nearby ogre get he arm hacked off at the elbow by a naginata ninja . but the ogre be not do fight . instead , it shove its bleed stump deep into a red-hot brazier of coal , cauterize the wound , then roar and dispatch the naginata wielder . isogai now that he do not expect ! but just then , a fresh wave of ninja enter the cave , lead by a familiar face -- the fearsome ninja clanlord -- who dispatch three ogre with terrifying ease . see they come -- oishi toss he break sword aside and pull a unfinish one from the heat of a ainu forge . the blade be amazingly beautiful , glowing red hot like something out of legend . 81 . when a ninja slashes at he , oishi reflexively block with the burn blade -- and shatter the ninja 's weapon . as the ninja try to draw another weapon , oishi quench the molten blade in he belly . ssss ssssss ! the ninja fall , he clothes bursting into flame wherever the blade touch . oishi look at the maker mark on the sword . oishi koto blade ... oishi grab two more from the kiln and hurl they toward -- oishi minoru ! minoru dispatch two ninja with he shattered sword , only nub of blade leave , and as a half - dozen more close in -- sssssss ! sssssssss ! -- two red-hot blade thunk into the back of two of he assailant , impale they and ignite they clothes . minoru waste no time , snatching the glow sword from the back of the fall and whirling on he attacker like a blaze cyclone . chikara be fight one ninja , when he suddenly find himself surround by a dozen more . the situation be about to turn deadly when -- a huge hand clamp down on he neck from behind and yank he backward . another ninja ?! no . it 's the scar - face ogre . he 's drag chikara back to the edge of a lake of lava . there 's nowhere for they to go . but as the ninja surge forward to kill they , scar - face raise he mallet high and swing -- but not at the ninja . at the lava ! fwooosh ! the hammer send a sheet of lava at the attack ninja who scream and burn . instantly , chikara and scar - face charge forward , slashing and bashing the ninja down . int . ainu swordworks - another angle now all of oishi 's man begin grab up koto blade out of kiln , out of forges . and the battleground become alight : flame sword against shadowy ninja . 82 . and the tide begin to turn . oishi fight with the precision and grace of he rank , shatter ninja weapon set fire to ninja with every stroke of he legendary blade . quickly , the ninja be overcome , slain to a man , except for the -- ninja clanlord -- who sidestep a battle with smoke bomb and race off through the cave . but oishi and minoru be already in pursuit , chase the ninja Lord through a series of steam - fill tunnel and into -- a stalactite -filled chamber -- where a hundred bubbling pool of lava dot the cave floor . oishi and minoru catch the ninja Lord and the fight be on : the ronin 's glow sword work in tandem against the ninja Lord 's terrible chain and claw . the tempo of the battle get faster and faster , until they move be simply a blur . and that 's when the clanlord take it up a notch . suddenly , oishi and minoru 's concentrate attack be outpace by the ninja Lord 's impossible speed and , for the first time ever , oishi find himself outskilled and on the defensive . the clan Lord unleash a flurry of chainwork that find the hole in oishi 's block , in minoru 's ripost , slashing they , bashing they , force they back to the edge of a caldera of lava where oishi and minoru fight , teeter for balance at the edge of the molten pool ... see he opportunity , the clan Lord smile . but just as he move to force they in -- the scar - face ogre appear from the dark and smashes the assassin clanlord with he mighty sledgehammer , sending the bastard ninja scream into the lava ! oishi and minoru look at one another , then at the ainu .... and exhale for the first time in minute , know how very close they come . fade to : 83. int . ainu swordworks - later the ainu '' ogre '' clean - up , drag the body of the slain ninja and toss they into the lava pool , while -- ext . abandoned teahouse - mt. fuji - sunset -- the ronin finish secure they cart now fill with legendary weapon . with mt. Fuji point heavenward in the plum -color sky behind they , oishi bow deeply before the scar - face ogre , clearly the ainu leader . minoru and chikara do the same . oishi thank you , noble one . the scar - face ogre return the bow , then look oishi in the eye . speak with a voice like the grumble of deep cavern . something he have not do in year . scar-face ogre May you .. be strong and diligent ... in you deed . and with a final bow , the ronin depart , and we -- time CUT to : ext . japanese countryside - nightfall - a week later a campsite have be set up . all 47 ronin have regathere . it be clear they have be travel hard , for all sleep on the ground , utterly exhaust . except for two . while the other sleep , minoru and chikara , practice swordwork by the light of the campfire . minoru instruct he in several maneuver , counterbalance he left-handedness with a knife in he right hand . and as the two practice maneuver again and again , chikara get better with each try -- slow dissolve to : aerial shot - high in the japanese mountain - day a establishing shot of a landscape of snowcappe peak and black pine ... and dominate all from three thousand foot up the steep snowy mountainside , find kira 's impregnable yamashiro ( castle fortress ) loom over the world like a grim stone threat . 84 . even from we aerial shot , we can see that wedding preparation be underway below . cheerful silk be arrange . Red lantern be hang . excessive pomp and circumstance that be the hallmark of the master of protocol . but even while all this festivity be be prepare , in another part of the castle , the emotional climate be very different . ext . kira 's fortress - balcony mika and Lord kira sit in heavy robe , stare out at a frost - rime koi pond in a winter garden below . candle float on the surface , the fish move sluggishly below . it 's majestic and beautiful , but somehow very sad . they sit in silence , the only sound the quiet movement of a scrawny boy fan a brazier to keep they warm while he himself shiver in he thin kimono . then -- lord kira ( recite ) spring depart . bird cry . fish ' eye be fill with tear . ( to mika ) be you familiar with the work of basho ? but mika be more concerned about the shiver boy . mika the child be cold . lord kira be this so ? ( turn to the boy ) be you cold , boy ? do you wish for I to send you away ? it 's not a threat . not quite . the boy shake he head . scrawny boy ( tooth chatter ) no , my Lord . I be warm . lord kira you see , Lady asano ? you be mistaken . kira pour thick green tea into earthenware raku tea bowl for the both of they , then rise to stare out at the view . 85 . lord kira ( cont 'd ) as you be about a great many thing ... with he back momentarily turn away , mika seize the opportunity and slip a SMALL sachet of powder from the sleeve of she robe . pour the content into kira 's drink . she conceal the sachet just in time as kira turn around and pick up he tea cup . he lift it to he lip and be about to drink -- -- when he notice mika watch he with interest . it 's the first time she 's do so . kira instantly become suspicious . realizing she mistake , mika look calmly away ... but it 's too late . kira notice several granule on the table by he cup . kira 's eye narrow . lord kira ( cont 'd ) but perhaps I speak too soon . the child do look cold . kira take he tea cup -- and offer it to the boy . lord kira ( cont 'd ) here , boy . warm yourself . drink this . the boy be hesitant , then take the cup with tremble hand , savore the warmth . mika watch the boy . kira watch she . and just as the boy tilt the cup to he lip -- mika no ! -- mika break and slap the cup out of he hand , shatter it against the ground . kira loom over she as she crumple to the ground , weep . lord kira how like you father you be ... rash . and a fool . kira lean down and take she face in he hand . lord kira ( cont 'd ) and so close to meeting he same fate . you play at game where you do not fully comprehend the stake . but I promise you this : when we be wed -- ( venomous ) I will teach they to you . 86 . Lord kira stride away , leave mika empty and devastate on the balcony , stare helplessly out at the foothills beyond she reach below . and as she do , push in and vfx skim mile down the mountainside to -- ext . foothills - japanese countryside - same time -- where oishi , minoru and a dozen other belly - crawl through the long grass to reach a vantage point at the top of a rise . Far above they , kira 's castle fortress clutches the mountaintop like some sinister stone spider . the ronin stare at it , calculate . okuda we should attack tonight . it will be a long climb , but we thirst for justice will fuel we -- oishi shake he head . oishi attack kira 's stronghold would be a futile gesture . the wall be impregnable and he garrison a thousand soldier inside . ( beat ) no . any attempt on he fortress would be doom to failure . okuda then what have we travel all this way for ? to wait for kira to march down the hill and present himself to we . ( imitate kira ) why , hello , oishi . here 's my neck . Strike swiftly please . a ironic smirk crinkle oishi 's eye . oishi that be exactly what we be go to do . okuda and the other be confuse . so oishi direct they gaze , not up at kira 's fortress ... but down at he fiefdom in the valley below . at the foot of the mountain sit kira 's jinaimachi -- or temple town -- comprise of various community building and farm that all bear Lord kira 's family crest : a red octopus against a golden field . 87 . oishi ( cont 'd ) Lady asano 's period of mourn come to a end in two day . in honor of they union , kira have order the entire realm to pay a tribute at the founder 's Temple . oishi point at the two-story wooden structure in the center of the rural village . sohei , or warrior monk , move about the temple in they distinctive robe the color of dry blood . oishi ( cont 'd ) and kira himself will be there to collect the prize . ( beat ) greed ever diminish wisdom ... oishi turn back to he man , determine . oishi ( cont 'd ) and the very impulse that drive he to betray we lord , be the same weapon we will use against he . and off oishi 's word , minoru turn and look up at the castle . stare as if search for mika . almost as if the two be connect , and he be return she earlier gaze ... CUT to : a ornate palanquin so massive and gaudy , it can only belong to one man . thirty man bear the garish litter toward the center of town , escort by a ring of two hundred heavily - armed soldier . when they reach the Temple , Lord kira step out in a bombast of silk and blacken tooth . as he step inside , pull back to reveal we be : ext . kira 's temple town - the next morning abuzz with activity , center on the founder 's Temple . thousands of merchant , townsfolk and farmer come from all across the land bear they wedding tribute in the form of rice , livestock , textiles or coin . Soldiers and monk herd everyone into a orderly line that extend hundred of yard out of the temple . 88 . at the edge of town , notice a lone farmer enter the village , carry he offer of two bolt of silk . as the farmer get closer and we get a peek beneath he broad hat , we realize it 's oishi in disguise . as oishi near the temple , he blend in with the crowd , subtly glance around , take everything in . formulate a battle plan ... Pov oishi noting the position of the soldier around the temple ... the matchlock musket they carry ... the four cannon station beside the temple and , as a soldier exit , a small magazine room where barrel of gunpowder ( mark with the dutch East India crest ) be store ... back to shot as oishi be goad by the soldier into the long line of farmer to make he offer and meekly comply . once there , he look around and spot familiar face intersperse throughout the crowd . hanjo disguise as a bett -farmer . isogai disguise as a artist . basho as a workman . as a cart fill with wedding gift rumble past on its way up the mountain , minoru , disguise as a peasant , maneuver close enough to slip in a SMALL wrapped package of he own . the line move forward and soon oishi find himself at the temple step . above the doorway hang a immense painting of the temple 's founder , Lord kira . below that be a smaller , almost stingy one of the Supreme buddha . oishi stop for a moment , strike by the mind - boggle vanity of it all . voice ( 0s ) you there ! suddenly -- waaaap ! -- oishi be strike across the shoulder by a sword scabbard . a imposing soldier loom before he . oishi try to keep he face downcast as the soldier study he , but -- 89 . imposing soldier look at I . ( when oishi do not ) look at I ! oishi do . and just as we be sure he 's about to be catch -- imposing soldier ( cont 'd ) keep the line move . oishi be as surprised as we be . nod readily and shuffles away , ignore the soldier 's muttere curse of -- imposing soldier ( cont 'd ) brainless peasant . -- as he move off into : int . founder' temple - continuous prayer candle and incense dominate the interior of the two - storey hondo -- or main hall -- fill with townsfolk . lord kira sit in a chair befit he status , behind a screen of gossamer silk to prevent the gaze of peasant from sullying he . it be from there he survey he offering . oishi watch as a pig farmer approach the screen and hand over five piglet in a cart . a acolyte record the information in the official roll . kira never say a word . kira 's functionary , the temple 's chief monk , do all the interact with the lesser people . chief monk next . as the soldier escort the farmer away , the Chief monk turn he gaze on oishi . chief monk ( cont 'd ) step forward . oishi step before the screen shroud kira 's visage . chief monk ( cont 'd ) name and offer ? oishi two bolt of silk , Holy one . the Chief monk try to take the bolt , but oishi hold fast to they . the monk sigh and turn to the acolyte . chief monk note that they be exceedingly poor specimen . moth eat . ( more ) 90 . chief monk ( cont 'd ) the cheapest sort . ( turn back to oishi ) be this insult all you bring you liege lord ? oishi no , there be more ... but I fear you master will enjoy it even less . the Chief monk begin to grow suspicious . chief monk who be you ? State you name ! oishi with pleasure . oishi turn to the screen , eye steely . oishi ( cont 'd ) my name be oishi kuranosuke -- ( the silhouette react ) -- and the tribute I bring be the vengeance of Lord asano naganori . realizing the danger the warrior monk go for a weapon , but in one swift move oishi draw a sword conceal within the bolt of silk -- so sharp that it slice through the thousand layer of fabric as it be draw out -- and smashes the monk in the head with the steel butt of the blade . the Chief monk drop like rag doll . faster than anyone can react , oishi slice through veile screen -- schrriiip ! -- and be about to hack kira down when -- oishi stop dead . the man cower before he be not kira ... but a effeminate aide act as he double . and as the implication of this sink in -- sfx : the distinctive click of two dozen musket sear lock be cocked echoes around the room . oishi look up to see kira rifle and bowmen ringing the balcony above , all with they weapon train on he . and below , every one of the warrior monk hold a exotic weapon in hand -- whip chain , TIGER hook , iron fan . the room go deathly still , everyone hold they breath . in the silence that follow , only one sound can be hear . laughter . oishi turn to see the Chief monk , laugh through blood-stain tooth . gl . chief monk we know you would come . oishi how . .? heavy footstep resound from a alcove ... and like a demon return fresh from hell , the ninja clanlord step from the shadow . pull down he mask to reveal half he face have become a melted , scarified horror from the lava beneath mt. Fuji . it 's the last person on earth oishi want to see . chief monk kira be safe in he fortress , ronin . unlike you . ( to he musketeer above ) kill he . the crowd swiftly move away from oishi as the musketeer draw a bead , and just as they be about to fire -- one of the musketeer head just slide off he shoulder and topples to the floor below . another 's arm simply separate at the shoulder , drop he musket . a archer scream as two foot of shine steel protrude through he chest , lancing he heart . still another be cleave in ' twain , from crown to root , and fall apart in two symmetrical piece -- revealing minoru stand behind he . as other ronin go to work on the rest and blood and body part rain down , the crowd erupt in chaos . utter mayhem ensue as two hundred villager run in every direction . instantly -- the ninja clanlord turn to look back -- and discover oishi go . blend back into the crowd . around he , soldier and warrior monk begin to drop as the ronin attack like ghost , materialize to slit a throat , then vanish back into the crowd . in the pandemonium , it 's impossible to tell harmless villager from foe . to the Chief monk , there be only one solution . 92 . chief monk lock the door ! kill everyone inside ! let no ronin escape ! outside a dozen of kira 's man begin to swing the massive temple door shut . inside musket thunder . arrow fly . and oishi see they only chance of escape close . the door be so colossal that once they be shut , there will be no open they . amid the chaos , oishi spot the sumo-size basho in the crowd . oishi basho ! the door ! the giant look up and respond instantly , surging forward and bowl a path through the crowd to reach the tremendous door a heartbeat before close . he hit they like a force of nature , drive the dozen man try to close they back a foot , they boot skid loudly across the stone floor . but that 's where the forward momentum stop and the war of strength begin . outside , more man pile on the door , try to force they shut , while inside basho strain mightily against they combine effort . kira 's soldier and warrior monk lash out at anyone within reach -- man , woman , child -- but find they weapon blocked by ronin sword that appear from nowhere , protect the innocent then strike they own lethal return blow . a arrow about to take a child 's life be severe in mid - AIR by minoru 's save sword -- and before the cleave arrow can fall to the ground , minoru snatch it out of the sky and stab it into the face of a attack warrior monk . oishi defend against three warrior monk , shatter all three of they weapon with a single angry strike . but as much damage as they be do , the ronin be desperately outnumber and be start to take heavy casualty . 93. isogai and other take a hail of musket ball through the shoulder , leg , arm . hanjo barely slip aside from a iron fan slice chop mean to brain he and lose he leave ear for the effort . minoru duck away from a decapitate swipe of a razor - sharp whip chain and we push into a slow -mo ecu as the tip of the enemy 's steel whip nick he neck , draw only a single drop of blood . and though he fell one opponent after another , oishi 's back be raked OPEN by dual tiger hook . they have to get out . oishi basho ! across the room basho be a human pincushion of arrow , a easy target for archer who do everything in they power to drop he . but for all the arrow stick out of he back , basho struggle titanically against -- the now twenty soldier on the opposite side who , in unison , try to force the door close enough for the six soldier wait to drop the heavy wooden lock bar -- thick as the trunk of a great tree -- in place . it 's a war of millimeter as the man try to force the lock bar in place ... but basho hold the door just a hair too wide for it to fit . int . temple - continuous another arrow bury itself in basho 's back and he lose valuable ground . oishi see he man take heavy damage and call out again to they only hope . oishi basho ! !! and just as -- the soldier outside slide the lock bar in place -- 94 . basho hear he master 's voice and dig deep to the titan within and surge forward with every last ounce of superhuman strength --!! and shatter the bar to splinter , sending the soldier tumbling and forcing the door OPEN wide ! instantly , the panic crowd race through the open , the 47 ronin blend in with they . the ninja clanlord race out of the temple with he soldier and sohei -- and be confront by the sight of thousand of taxpayer racing away from the temple in every conceivable direction . try to find the ronin among the stampede crowd would be like try to find a needle in a haystack ... in the heart of a raging typhoon . though suffer staggering injury , oishi and he man have get away ... slow dissolve to : a red silken cloth then a dozen ORACLE bone be cast across it . the turtle shell fragment tumble and come to rest , and two tiny hand enter frame and begin to search by feel for the one that have land with they inscribe kanji character face up . pull back to reveal we be -— — int . kira 's mountain castle - the lord 's quarter - later Lord kira wait impatiently for he fortune to be read by the court prophet -- a pair of ten - year - old child . the divinator be fraternal twin , a boy and a girl . it 's the boy whose hand feel the shell . lord kira well ..? when the boy look up , we see he milky eye and know that he be blind . he look to he sister and she stare into he eye . no word pass between they . then -- 95 . girl prophet he say you will travel great distance . that a hundred thousand shall prostrate themselves before you as you pass . that even the shogun will bow before you in awe . lord kira and how shall this honor occur ? the boy cast again and turn to he sister . girl prophet he say two feather shall lift you up . and on that day , you will live in the mind of you countryman forever . lord kira hmm . I be glad of pleasant news for a change . they be interrupt by a knock at the door . lord kira ( cont 'd ) enter . a messenger enter . bow deeply . kira do not even turn to acknowledge he . messenger the ronin appear , exactly as you say they would , my lord . lord kira yes ? and how large be they force ? messenger several dozen man , I be tell . lord kira that be all ? ( scoff ) pathetic ... the Messenger wait as kira fall silent . lord kira ( cont 'd ) I wish to see the body . messenger there .. be none , my lord . now kira turn . 96 . lord kira none ? messenger they run . fought free of the trap and scattered to the wi-- lord kira oishi run ? messenger yes , lord . lord kira ronin ... ( shake he head ) it should not , but cowardice such as that surprise even I . they master be a fool , but even he have enough propriety to take he life when shame . kira rise and make he way to the balcony overlook the bonsai garden below . gaze out . lord kira ( cont 'd ) a Lord be the spine of he people . do you see now what happen when that spine be break ? when samurai have no master ? disgraceful ! ( then ) Marshall the troops . messenger which division , my lord ? lord kira all of they . ( beat ) scour the countryside . let none of oishi 's man get away . I want this ronin hunt down like the gutless dog they be . messenger and the wedding , Lord ? lord kira what of it ? messenger in light of the danger , it 's be suggest we postpone it . 97 . lord kira the only danger be to Lady asano . in they excitement , many accident have fall on bride on they wedding night . ( malicious ) the moment I wed she , I will become a widower ... and the true legal ruler of asano land in more than name only . ( grim beat ) no . the wedding go on . as the Messenger bow and exit , we prelap a man crying out in agony , and -- hard CUT to : a deep and terrible sword wound hand try to hold the skin together , try to stop the gush blood . the victim be one of oishi 's ronin . the man try to staunch the flow ( shiota ) be another . shiota it will not stop ! voice ( os ) hold he down . it 's minoru . as they hold he , minoru take he sword from the coal of a brazier . the blade glow orange with heat and sizzle as he press it to the wound . the injure ronin shriek ... but when the sword be take away , the laceration have be cauterize . now widen to reveal the rest of the scene . it 's a horror show of post - battle triage . basho have the arrow cut from he back . okuda have he cheek stitched together from a cut you can see he tooth through . isogai grunt as thick finger pull a musketball from he shoulder . we be : int . abandoned farmhouse - night where the ronin be lick they wound from they narrow escape . in the back room oishi watch the scene in despair . minoru enter and stand beside he . 98 . minoru the soldier have pass . we will be safe for a few hour , but they 'il be come back . it 's a quiet , tragic moment as they stare at the man . then -- oishi I have miscalculate . my pride have bring we to this . ( beat ) perhaps we should have act the night of asano 's death . we be vastly outnumber , but at least we would have die valiantly . with honor . now we be only ronin ... ( beat ) ... and we have fail we lord . minoru have never see this side of oishi , and it scare hima little . minoru what be you say ? oishi we all go we separate way . scatter to the wind . minoru we run ? oishi we live . for as long as we can . maybe there will be another day . the one advantage we have be the element of total surprise , and it be go . minoru be it ? oishi look at he ... and amazingly , the man be grin . minoru a great warrior once say , '' if the enemy think of the mountain , attack like the sea ; and if he think of the sea , attack like the mountain . '' minoru turn then ... and oishi follow he gaze to the snowy peak loom above kira 's fortress . minoru they expect we to run . should not we attack ? 99 . oishi slowly smile at he own word come back to he . a spark have be rekindle in he eye . oishi Gather the man . slam to : ext . abandoned farmhouse - night as the music rise , the 47 ronin don the same formal attire they wear when they first greet the shogun -- the traditional uniform of the asano clan . it be the first time they have wear the asano crest since they disgrace . etched in moonlight , they look like a battle force step from myth . oishi look they all over with pride . oishi while the result may be uncertain , by dawn they will know the courage of the asano clan ! the man unleash a cheer that can be hear by the god . they be ready . dissolve to : int . kira 's fortress - formal chamber - night the room be fill with a sea of colorfully - wrap wedding present . mika sit among they , despondent . hopeless . reality set in . there be no get out of this . this be she future . overcome by frustration , mika hurl a table of gift aside . as the brightly - color box cascade to the ground , a kaiken -- or SMALL bridal sword symbolically give for good luck -- spill out of one of the package . mika pick up the ceremonial blade , she hand begin to tremble . maybe there be a way out of this ... mika close she eye and exhales , try to calm herself -- then raise the knife to she own jugular . with the clock run down on the shogun 's decree , mika give in to hopelessness and steel herself for this last statement of defiance against kira . to die among they wedding gift . 100 . tear begin to run down she cheek . and just as she cry out and make the move to slash she own throat -- mika 's eye fall on something she recognize among the sea of present . a gift wrap in a swatch of silk bear her family crest . mika gasp and drop the knife as she race to pick up the package . unwrap it the reveal a block of ivory delicately carve into the shape of a single beautiful sakura blossom . mika begin to cry , but now in joy . minoru be here . he be come for she . as hope grow in she eye , fill she with renew strength , and mika laugh for the first time in a year -- sfx : crump -crump -crump ! sound of snow-muffled explosion rock the castle ! startle , mika race to the balcony , where a slithering noise begin to fill the air , growing louder with every pass second . like a titanic snake slide down the mountain . int . kira 's chamber - same time kira be asleep in he opulent bed ... when a sound so deep and powerful begin to vibrate the wall stone in they mortar . softly at first , but then violently enough to wake he in a panic . kira race a window ... where he see a line of torch along a path to the top of the mountain begin to wink out as something swallow they , one by one , descend toward the castle . lord kira what in hell --? ext . kira 's mountain castle - parapet walk - continuous kira 's guard stand freeze atop the outer defensive wall , stare out at the terrible darkness racing down the mountain , head straight for they . the noise be deafening . and as they watch in horror , the cause of the disturbance blast into the pool of light around the castle -- a million cubic feet of ice roar down the mountain , right at kira 's castle ! the avalanche speed downward in a solid mass , like a vengeful tectonic plate slide downhill , obliterating everything in its path . a young guard be paralyze by the sight . 101 . young guard god ... a shout Guard # 1 jolt he back to motion . parapet guard # 1 the alarm , you fool ! the alarm ! the Young Guard run through the chaos of the walk to reach a massive bell in the tower . but just as he grab the rope to swing the log clapper -- parapet guard # 1 ( cont 'd ) find cover !! find CO -- whaaaaaaammmm ! the entire castle shudder as the avalanche collide into the wall and -- whoooooooooosh !! the snow sweep across the parapet walk like the wrath of God , send everyone scream into the abyss . in the alarm tower along the rear wall the Young Guard swing the clapper -- gonngggg ! -- but the sound be swallow as the avalanche reach the tower and -- crackkk ! -- tear the entire structure away from the wall like the hand of frost giant child dissatisfied with he toy castle . the Young Guard scream as the tower shear from its foundation and we track with he as it tumble all the way down the cliff . int . castle courtyard - continuous kira 's elite samurai race from they barrack by the hundred , each wear the lovecraftian armor of House yoshinaka . they body cover in lacquer black scale and they kabuto helm wringht into the shape of the demon octopus that be he sigil , eight blade steel tentacles dangle down they back . they reach the breech in the wall , but can see nothing through the thick cloud of swirl ice crystal . then shape appear in the dense fog . octopus samurai # 1 be the first to recognize the danger . octopus samurai # 1 ronin ! oishi step through the mist . 102 . the octopus rush he , but oishi sidestep and grab the steel tentacles dangle from the octopus 's helm . yank down , expose a gap beneath he chin , and thrust he sword with all he pent up rage -- skewering straight through the warrior 's brain and the top of he ornate helm . with a savage twist , oishi split the man 's face and helm and wrench he sword free . oishi stand there , chest heaving , splatter in blood ... and give the warcry he 's be wait to give since the night of he master 's death . oishi for lord asano ! and the two army race at one another to begin the great swordfight in history : oishi 's ronin against a thousand elite samurai . and as the entire castle 's defense surge at the invader -- ext . a quiet section of the parapet walk - castle front now that the defender be rush toward the other side of the castle , a half - dozen scale hook sail over this abandon section of perimeter wall and -- clink - clink ! -- latch on ! moment later , okuda , hazama , two other burly ronin and chikara clamber up to the walk . down below a dark shape stomp into the courtyard . the ninja clanlord survey the battle -- and spot okuda and he force head for the cannon atop the rampart wall . the clanlord grit he melt jaw so hard , we can hear the muscle creak . at the rear of the castle in the midst of battle , oishi look up and see chikara and the other racing across the wall ... and below they , a squad of ninja spider - climb the wall . oishi call out , try to warn he son -- oishi chikara ! -- but he can not hear he over the din of battle . 103 . then -- swish ! --a sword swipe bring he focus back to the battle . Pov oishi - formulating a battle plan as he do against the brigands at the beginning of the film . as kira 's octopodian army close in , oishi mentally dissect the scene . from a wide angle , we rack in on the courtyard 's particular geographic feature : a three - foot thick inner gate that prevent they from reach the castle proper , the maze of outbuildings on this side of that gate , the slight rise of a particular path weaving between they . then on the weapon he opponent carry , note in vfx they effective lethal range and the most immediate threat -- a line of spearmen charge they . faster than think , oishi have he plan and put it into action . oishi formation ! instantly , the ronin form up in a particular configuration , and as the enemy spearmen close in as a wave -- oishi ( cont 'd ) kesa ! oishi 's samurai react in unison , mirroring the training we see they practice on bamboo target at the start of the film . the angle and camera shot be identical , except this time it 's not bamboo they chop , but they opponent 's spear . schunk -shunkk-schunkk ! forty of kira 's spear be reap like wheat . then -- schunk -shunkk-schunkk ! -- so be the man that hold they . oishi ( cont 'd ) NORTH front ! misu -gaesht ! koto blade flash diagonally up , cleaving through fresh rank of kira 's spearmen , shatter they enemy 's arm and armor with a quality of weapon and skill kira 's fighter cannot match . then oishi charge forward , lead he man into the maze of structure where the narrow wall reduce the advantage of number kira 's army have . at a particular stretch -- oishi ( cont 'd ) we hold here until they get the gate OPEN ! 104 . and as kira 's army close on both side and the ronin defend on two front : oishi and the remain ronin on the right side , and minoru almost single - handedly hold the leave -- atop the wall - okuda and he force have almost reach the cannon ... when the dread ninja clanlord and he minion mount the parapet walk between they and it . the hiss of they draw they exotic weapon and adopt they fierce ready stance freeze the blood in the ronin 's vein . as the ninja move forward , okuda 's man try they best to engage they -- but be quickly beat back , intimidate . that 's when okuda 's man break and back away . chikara retreat with they ... until he look down and see kira 's legion push the ronin back in the courtyard . close in on he friend . on he father . and when oishi look up at he and they meet eye , resolve flood back into chikara vein . chikara ( stop ) no ! we can not ! if we do not open that gate , they die ! but none step forward . except hazama . hazama I be with you , boy . alone , the oldest and the youngest of the ronin share a look ... then charge forward like tiger . as hazama engage several ninja , chikara draw he sword and charge the clanlord . as he near , he give a powerful kirioroshi downward cut -- but the clanlord easily turn the blade and deliver a arm crush overhead chop . claaaaanggg ! ! chikara stagger under the force of the blow , and before he can recover the clanlord chop again ! and again . claaaanggg ! claaaanggg ! ! down below the sheer weight of number against they squeezy oishi 's force closer and closer together like a vice . 105 . body of the enemy pile up , but still they clamber over in a endless tide . hanjo turn to oishi . hanjo we can not hold . oishi we must . above - chikara chikara scramble back beneath the clanlord 's relentless assault . the assassin Lord strike faster and faster , and as a mighty koshi giri cut bound off he blade with the force of a sledgehammer -- chikara wince and reflexively switch he sword from he right hand to he left . match to : oishi - down below spy he son make the fatal mistake against all he training . oishi no ... the ninja clanlord 's mouth twist into a half - melt smile , recognize the open . and as he raise he blade for the final coup de grace -- that 's when chikara strike with a dagger that have be hidden in he right hand , pull off one of the maneuver minoru teach he ! like lightning , chikara stab the clanlord in the leg , cause the assassin 's death blow to swing wide . and before the ninja clanlord can react , chikara rise up ... and with he dominant left hand , swing he blade and sever the bastard 's head from he shoulder ! below - on the verge of be overwhelmed oishi watch with surprise and pride as he son kick the legendary clanlord from the wall . there be a moment -- a perfect moment -- where chikara and he meet eye . 106 . then with a warcry , oishi throw himself back into the fight with renew energy , drive kira 's horde back one last time ! oishi house asano ! ! back atop the wall see they leader tumble off the wall like a swath of night , the remain ninja show fear for the first time and hesitate ... and it be they undoing . okuda and the other race back , and it be only a matter of moment before the ronin dispatch they in similar fashion . chikara and hazama then lead the man to the cannon and , use all they strength , turn it to face the inner gate . ignite the fuse and -- ka - booom ! the cannon ball smashes a man-size hole through the gate and shred the few defender on the other side in a blast of splinter ! instantly , the hazama and okuda reload the cannon from a pile of anti - infantry chain shot store nearby , reposition the cannon and -- boooom ! vfx : we follow the chain shot as it fly and clear a bloody path through kira 's samurai from oishi 's main force to the blast hole in the inner gate . oishi recognize he chance and -- oishi ronin , to I ! -- charge through the gore path before the parte red sea can crash back together . oishi and he ronin race across the courtyard and duck through the blast hole in the gate -- then turn and plug the gap with they sword . kira 's legion try to carve they way through , but the gap in the heavy door only allow they through one at a time . the result be a samurai blender -- kira 's man rush through only to meet they bloody fate at the angry blade of the 47 ronin . stalemate . kira 's overwhelming strength of they number have be temporarily neutralize . 107 . oishi ( cont 'd ) this be where we hold . there be no further retreat . ( turn to look at castle ) hanjo . minoru . isogai . with I . and as they turn and stride for the castle -- int . formal chamber - continuous mika see the battle below . and more importantly -- mika minoru ! ! back to shot as they mount the keep step , minoru and oishi hear she . look up to spot she in the fourth story window . minoru and she meet eye , and there be a connection there great than all other force in the universe . oishi recognize it . turn to he . oishi find she . minoru nod , thankful , and race off into the castle . God help anyone in he way . int . castle - reception area - continuous a statue of a demon octopus dominate the room . panick servant scream and scatter as oishi , hanjo and isogai . oishi grab a cook as he race by . oishi where be you Lord ? the man babbles , so oishi knock he down and put he sword to he throat . the cook point in the right direction . but as oishi begin to move that way -- six warrior race from the hall in full cephalopdian armor . hanjo and isogai move as one to intercept the threat . hanjo go. 108 . and oishi do . ext . castle - the war at the inner gate - continuous the ronin struggle to hold back immense wave of warrior . the body of kira 's samurai be pile high . blood churn the ground to red mud . kira 's soldier work as a unit try to push through en masse , but basho use he inhuman strength to hold they back . it 's questionable how long they can hold . int . castle - stair - continuous minoru bound the stair three at a time . kira 's samurai pop from shadow -- and fall to the ground in a various assortment of bloody , quivering part . nothing be go to stop he . minoru mika ? mika ( os ) here ! ! and like a magnet draw to true north , he exit the stair and reach the room where mika be hold . minoru mika ? mika ( os ) minoru ! he bash the lock , and when he push open the door mika fly into he arm . she 's be strong and brave for so long -- a perfect samurai daughter -- but now that minoru hold she , the dam break and she allow herself to be human , and a woman , and sob . minoru just hold she . never go to let go . CUT to : oishi move through the castle on the hunt . hysteria have set in and swarm of servant run in every direction -- but like magic , they all move out of oishi 's way as he stride past . then , ahead , through the crowd , oishi spot a flash of pretentious silk . 109 . oishi kira !! kira wheel and see oishi... and the Lord of the castle turn and run in utter panic . oishi charge forward like a lion after prey . int . mika 's chamber - same time minoru finally pull away from mika . minoru we have to go . take she hand , he lead she down the hall toward the stair ... when someone stride out at the end of the hall , block they path . the lovecraftian samurai . kira 's fiercest warrior . the demon that best minoru in the competition at asano 's castle . the bastard that lead mika 's father to she doom . his voice be the basso of funeral drum . lovecraftian samurai I best you before , halfbreed . ( beat ) kneel and I shall make it quick . minoru gently push mika back from what 's about to occur . minoru but this time I fight for more than honor . the two square off . this be a battle that have to happen . and this time it will not cease at first blood . this time we will get to see how it truly end . lovecraftian samurai so be it . and with slashing sword and steel tentacles , the god of War explode into combat ! smash to : ext . castle - parapet walk chikara watch as a massive division of kira 's man split away from the group assault the gate -- and begin racing up the rampart step . 110 . chikara they be after the cannon ! hazama if they get it , they will breech the gate . chikara ( to okuda and the other ) hold they back ! and as okuda 's force race to meet the octopus-armored samurai , chikara and hazama position the cannon at the rampart stair and -- boooom ! samurai body fly and fall as the stair collapse . then chikara and hazama charge into the fray . int . castle - corridor maze - same time oishi be follow kira 's terrify flutter of silk through the labyrinth of hardwood corridor , gain , when -- oishi aughh ! -- a yari spear flash out through a hole in the wall and impale he through the shoulder . then — — - shunkk ! another spear flash out from a hole in the opposite wall and lance he through the leg . with a yell , oishi then slashes down then up , freeing himself by sever the spear that pin he . now , oishi turn and look about he ... .-+- and see 200 other spear hole lining the wall . kira have lead he into a trap -- a hall of death . at the end of the hall , kira watch smugly as oishi realize he predicament . but oishi be samurai ... and do not fear death . samurai training pulsing through he like a live wire , oishi continue to move toward kira . cautiously . listen ... and the second he hear wood slide on wood -- oishi turn perform a whirlwind cut know as sparrow Flying and -- shunkk ! shunkk -shunkk !! -- hack down three more spear darting out at he ! 111 . as the speartip clatter to the floor , oishi meet kira 's eye ... and smile . kira 's face fall . and oishi charge . shunk - shunk -shunk - shunk ! wave of spear flash out , but oishi 's sword whip around he at blind speed , he amazing bladework turn the hallway into a explosion of splinter as he race through to the end and after kira . int . castle - outside mika 's chamber - same time mika watch in horror as minoru and the lovecraftian samurai hack and slash at each other in the mother of all battle . minoru 's sword versus the demon fighter 's blade and whipping tentacles . the fight be a blur , but like they previous fight in the arena , we again watch helpless as the tide slowly turn against minoru . the lovecraftian samurai repeatedly whip out he heavy steel dreadlock to trap minoru 's sword and strike down into he shoulder . his back . his arm . but the worst happen when minoru go to defend a lightning fast attack -- that the lovecraftian samurai suddenly reverse , completely severing minoru 's little and ring finger from he right hand ! minoru gaaaaghh ! the koto blade fall from minoru 's grasp to clatter to the floor . and in that instant , the lovecraftian warrior sling he head around and lash he tentacles around minoru 's throat , yank the ronin close and -- mika no ! -- stab minoru completely through he chest ! mika scream as she see the bloody blade explode from minoru 's back . the demon samurai yank the blade out , then hurl minoru to the ground like trash . stomp on he chest and ready he blade for the final , life -end thrust . minoru lay there gasp , all the fight bleed out of he onto the floor with he life 's blood . lovecraftian samurai you father should have do this the moment you come out of the womb , halfbreed whelp . 112. and just as the lovecraftian samurai pull back to strike -- we see mika rise behind he , minoru 's sword hold high ! with righteous fire , she chop down ! vfx - slow motion : but as the sword near , the samurai sense the threat and wheel around , the blow miss he by the width of a strand of silk . the sword clang off the ground , and the demon samurai smashes mika down with a vicious steel - gauntlete backhand . mika crumple to the ground , and see that -- minoru 's -- switch be flip . with a cry of rage , he rise from the dead , ignore the pain to snatch up he sword and throw himself into one final all - consume attack . the lovecraftian samurai try to counter with he tentacles -- but minoru sever they with a single mighty blow ! the samurai stagger back in shock , unbely , severe tentacles clinking to the floor around he . and that 's when minoru finish it . sword whirling like a helicopter blade , minoru vivisect the bastard into neat little six - inch horizontal slice from head to foot ! mika stare until minoru turn she away from the gruesome sight . minoru let 's go . and as he lead she away , hard CUT to : ext . castle - the war at the inner gate the ronin still hold the portal ... but they be take ghastly injury and -- sfx : the splintering of wood ! under the weight of the onslaught , the gate be beginning to fracture , while -- int . castle - corridor - same time oishi ignore he injury and track kira to : 113 . the women 's apartment leave a trail of blood behind he , oishi enter ... and spie kira hide among the woman and child . oishi stride to he like a wraith of vengeance . grab the coward by the collar of he robe and drag he across the room . kira scrabble at the floor as oishi drag he away . lord kira no! please --! noooooo !! oishi dump he in the center of the room . lord kira ( cont 'd ) I beg of you ! I beg of you --! oishi 's response be a lump of metal drop at he foot . the knife asano commit seppuku with . oishi 's voice be a study in calm and control . oishi you recognize it . it 's not a question . lord kira .-w- what could I have do ? he violate the law ! oishi and you have violate the honor of you House . ( slide the knife closer ) redeem it . kira look at the knife ... and begin to cry . his tear ruin he perfect powder - whiten face . his blacken tooth . his regal robe . it 's pathetic . lord kira have you no mercy ? oishi 's cold , hard stare say it all -- no . eventually , with a tremble hand , kira pick up the knife . sniff and wipe he eye with the sleeve of he robe . lord kira ( cont 'd ) you will tell they I die with honor ? 114 . oishi I will tell they the truth . kira nod . readies himself . exhales and -- scramble backwards to grab a child as shield , place the dagger to the young girl 's throat . kira shriek at oishi in a shrill , panicky voice . lord kira you get away from I or I will kill this girl ! but oishi be not buy into it . like a machine , he step forward and give kira a resounding open-handed slap across the face . then again . it 's not a beat for a man . as kira sit stunne by the insult , the little girl run away . oishi then seize kira 's knife hand in a iron-hard grip . oishi coward ... know now the depth of my Lord 's bravery and honor . and with that , oishi force kira 's hand to slit he own belly , commit seppuku . kira 's eye widen in shock and pain ... and something else . as oishi force the tyrant to cut himself open , kira look down and notice Lord asano 's family crest on the sleeve of oishi 's robe : two hawk feather , cross over one another . lord kira ... two feather .... and with horrific realization , the twin 's prophesy come clear in kira 's mind . kira try to laugh , but grunt in agony instead . and die . CUT to : ext . castle - the war at the inner gate the legion of kira 's samurai make a final massive surge and the gate give way ! the ronin back away as the nightmare army flood through . there be no hope now . the octopus-legion unleash a blood - thirsty victory cry , and as they charge forward to utterly obliterate the ronin -- 115 . mysteriously , kira 's warrior slow . then stop . stare in a daze at the ronin only twenty foot from they . the ronin be confuse by the sudden cease in battle , then realize the warrior be not stare at they , but behind they at : oishi who step out of the castle ... kira 's head hold by its hair in oishi 's right hand . and , unknowingly fulfil the prophesy , oishi raise the head of the vanquish despot for all to see -- the '' two feather '' of asano 's crest on he sleeve '' lift kira up to live in the mind of he countryman forever '' . utter stillness and silence descend on the castle . it 's a moment freeze in time , oishi stand there ... but this ultimate act of loyalty , of bravery , of bushido , resonate with kira 's defense force ... and one by one , they drop to they knee . and prostrate themselves before the 47 ronin . dissolve to : ext . kira 's mountain castle - minute later the stronghold 's monstrous front gate groan apart , and the 47 ronin walk out . though none of they have die , most bear mortal or nearly mortal wound that they will soon succumb to . but there be one final job to do first . so huddle together , help each other , oishi 's exhaust , injure , ragtag band of fighter exit the fortress all of they be certain they would never escape alive . behind they , the entire castle remain kowtow in reverence . and as the music rise , it sweep we into a montage of : there journey home -- the ronin descend the mountain . oishi walk in the lead , kira 's head dangle from he hand like a lantern of truth . 116 . -- reaching the foothills , they pass a farmer turn he field . the man stop dumbfounded when he see the head . bow . then race away to tell the village the tale . -- Word travel quickly , and the inhabitant of kira 's village be all wait when the ronin crest the rise . the peasant approach oishi 's man as they pass . the man mutter word of thanks . the woman openly weep . the child touch this new heroes in awe . even the warrior monk in they blood -re robe bow in reverence as the ronin pass . -- and so it go , all the way across the countryside . move by they tale , villager line the road in great and great number to watch oishi and he man pass . give they offering of food . Water . helping they walk . -- chikara stumble , and a hand reach out to lift he up . it be the fruit vendor and he daughter who scold he in edo . they help he up , then bow down in reverence . this gesture of respect give chikara the strength to continue on . -- when they reach ako , they be surround by familiar face . shame face . the burly vendor who spit on oishi beseech he for forgiveness . burly vendor I be sorry . I be so sorry . I do not know ... how could I know ? other appeal to hazama , basho , isogai for have think they honorless . oishi 's wife , too , be in the crowd . she and oishi and chikara meet eye . but the 47 ronin do not stop , and do not reach the end of they pilgrimage until they arrive at : ext . sengakuji temple - dawn the gravesite of Lord asano ... as they enter the sacred place , mika go to hisae , who hug she tight as she mother would . and as mika begin to weep with weariness and relief , pan around to watch the ronin do what they have literally move mountain to do . oishi reverently wash kira 's in the cool water from the temple well . then place the tyrant 's head and the dagger with which asano and kira both take they life atop he master 's grave . 117 . oishi Rest now , my lord . you be avenge . as if in response , a wind sough through the ancient tree , bring warmth . peace . and -- sfx : the SOUND of hoofbeat . horse . lot of they . oishi and the ronin turn to the staggering sight of shogun tokugawa tsunayoshi atop a warhorse of mythical proportion . he be back by the shogun 's armore cavalry -- two hundred horse the size of tank , encase in spike and blade steel . there will be no escape from this place . the shogun 's pinch - face adjutant step forward . shogun 's adjutant oishi kuranosuke !! oishi rise calmly and regards the man . shogun 's adjutant you and you man stand accuse of treason and the butchery of the shogun 's envoy and master of protocol , Lord kira yoshinaka . oishi it be not butchery , my Lord . shogun 's adjutant be that not he head there ! oishi no ... what lay atop that grave be justice . shogun 's adjutant he be you superior ! oishi he be corrupt . ( beat ) my man and I follow the code of bushido and honore we master by avenge Lord kira 's treachery . the code demand it . justice demand it . we could do nothing else . a murmur roll through the crowd . agreement . the adjutant sense the support of the crowd . do not like it . 118 . shogun 's adjutant and in do so , you defy a direct command from the shogun forbid you from exact revenge ! oishi ( nod ) this be so . shogun 's adjutant the penalty be death . ( turn to he man ) cut this criminal down . but instantly the crowd protest , surging forward , place themselves between the soldier and oishi 's man , shouting to forestall the sentence . the adjutant be take aback by the reaction . the soldier be take aback . the shogun watch impassively from atop he horse . with kindness and thanks , oishi and he man gently extract themselves from the safety of the villager ... and step forward to meet they fate . the adjutant know this be he chance . turn to he man . shogun 's adjutant kill they . but now even the soldier hesitate , unwilling to mow down such courage and honor . such utter exemplification of the bushido code . the adjutant lose it . shogun 's adjutant I give you a order ! by the god , you will do as I command or I will see you all hanged -- and just as the situation be about to spin out of control -- shogun stop . the shogun 's voice be the deep basso rumble of the Word of God , cut through all existence . in the instant silence , the adjutant go prone . the soldier and the crowd stand terrify . the shogun step off he horse like a deity of war descend to earth and stride toward oishi. 119 . as he near , oishi draw he sword -- and , instantly , fifty ashigaru infantrymen spring forward draw they own blade ! but all for naught . oishi lay he weapon at the shogun 's foot . then humbly , oishi bow before the warlord ruler of all Japan . the giant remove he iconic snarling dog great helm . and speak . shogun you have put I in a awkward position , oishi kuranosuke . just as you Lord do . oishi never be that my intention . shogun and yet the result be the same . ( beat ) you be criminal . you defy my order , for which I need to make a harsh example of you -- but you exemplify bushido in a time that have forget the meaning of the word . and the reason for it . ( beat ) that must be honore and never forget . oishi consider the shogun 's word . then : oishi we act , know the penalty be death . we be samurai and accept that . and as samurai , we must meet we punishment . to excuse we of this duty would steal the honor from all we have do ... and make we ronin in a way Lord kira never could . ( beat ) this be we fate . we have accept it . Strike we down . shogun the country would never forgive I for shaming you so ... and I could never forgive myself . oishi then let it be we choice . allow we the honor of a samurai death , to die as we Lord and be bury at he side . 120 . heart heavy with regret , the shogun acknowledge the wisdom -- and the right -- of this . shogun I will grant you a honorable death ... under one condition : ( as oishi look to he ) that you bloodline continue , oishi kuranosuke . you son shall live so that the heritage of such a honorable man will not be thin from Japan 's future . oishi be move by the gesture . meet the shogun 's eye , man to man . oishi thank you . int . sengakuji temple - a SMALL shoji screen room - later hisae help she husband into the pristine white robe in preparation for he seppuku . she 's fussing with tie the obi knot just so and get increasingly frustrated -- when she simply drop she hand and begin to cry . oishi hold she tenderly . tilt she face up to look into he wife 's tear - fill eye . and he kiss she . tragically . passionately . perfectly . when they part , oishi turn to see chikara stand at the door struggle to hold the stoicism of a samurai to make he father proud , yet betrayed by the tear rise in he eye . no word be need here . oishi move to he and wrap he into a fierce father 's hug . and as the tear begin to fall , oishi hold he tight and whisper into he ear . oishi I be so proud of you , chikara . so proud of you ... then pull back and look into he eye . oishi I know you will carry on the family name with honor . chikara I love you , father . 121. oishi ( hug he again ) we will meet again along the path . do you understand ? chikara nod . int . sengakuji temple - hall the ronin exit they preparation room and enter the hall . the sight of so many white robe be disconcert . ghost haunt a hall . as -- minoru -- step out , mika rush to he , tear run down she face . in front of everyone , defy tradition and prejudice , she hug and kiss he . for in this moment , nothing else matter ... save for the word she need he to hear . mika you will live in my heart forever . from the corner of the room , a soldier speak . soldier it be time . the man line up . oishi step from he room with one last look at he wife and son , take he place at the head of the line and begin to lead he man outside . one by one they pass through the temple portal , but as minoru reach the threshold : shogun you . the line stop . minoru step out of line to stand before the tower military giant . the moment be reminiscent of when the shogun call he out at the combat challenge in ako . the shogun consider minoru for a moment . he say nothing . his stern face inscrutable . then -- shogun I remember you father . he serve by my side . he be a great warrior . ( beat ) ( more ) 122 . shogun ( cont 'd ) as be he son . you honor the family name ... samurai . and to minoru 's utter astonishment , the shogun bow to he . no longer a halfbreed in he eye ... but a samurai . minoru be move as nothing else on earth could possibly do . ext . sengakuji temple - magic hour oishi 's samurai ( no longer ronin ) walk out to the temple step and sit seiza . the scene be epic . 46 white - robe figure kneel at the foot of the immense temple step . a crowd gather around they . Soldiers . the shogun preside over all . and as the music swell , capture the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor ; the face of the villager and they love one watch on -- the samurai draw they dagger . they hold for a moment , dagger before they -- and that be how we will remember they , for , as they thrust , we pan up to the branch of cherry blossom tree shelter the temple ... where a wind blow , warm and peaceful , and as a drift of intensely beautiful sakura blossom wipe frame ... a title card rise : as a result of the action of the 47 ronin , kira 's land be dispospess and the province of ako return to House asano by order of the shogunate . oishi 's son , chikara live a long life , bear three son and a daughter . at he death , at the age of 78 , he be bury alongside he father and he comrade at Lord asano 's tomb as the 47th ronin . to this day , every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord kira 's stronghold - thousand of people across Japan , and the world , still gather at sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and they example of bravery , loyalty and unfalter honor . this film be dedicated to the memory of the 47 ronin : 123. oishi kuranosuke yoshio oishi chikara yoshikane yoshida chuzaemon kanetora hara soemon mototatsu kataoka goemon takafusa mase kyuidaefu masaaki onodera junai hidekazu hazama kihei mitsunobu isogai jurozaemon masahisa horibe yahei kanamaru chikamatsu kanroku yukishige tomi morisuke emon masao ushioda matanojo takaatsu hayamizu tozaemon misutora akaue genzoshigetaka okuda magodaiu shigemori yada goroemon suketake oishi sezaemon nobukiyo horibe yasube takeyasu nakamura kansuke masatatsu sugaya hanojo masatoshi fuwa kazuemon masatane kimura okaemon sadayuki semba saburoe misutada okano kineimon kanehide kaiga yazaemon tomonobu otaka gengo tadao okajima yasoemon tsunetatsu yoshida sawaemon tanesada takebayashi tadshicki takashige kurahashi densuke takeyuki hazama shinroku mitsukaze muramatsu kihei hidenao sugino toseiji tsugufusa katsuta shizaemon takeaki maebara isuek munefusa onodera koemon hidetomi hazama jujiro mitsuoki okuda sadaemon yukitaka yatouemon shiki norikane muramatsu sandaifu takanao mase magokuro masatatsu kayano wasuke tsunenari yokokawa kanbei munetoshi mimura jirozaemon kanetsune kanzaki yogoro fade to black .