" 48 hrs . " by Roger spottiswoode and walter Hill & Larry Gross and Steven E. De souza fade in : OPEN country - day Endless green hill bisect by a ribbon of highway . a road gang clear brush by the side of the road ... twenty - five man in prison fatigue sweat through they mid-afternoon labor . three guard flank the work prisoner ... mountie hat , shotgun , sidearm , sunglass ; they look like they mean it . highway a batter pickup appear ... approach . suddenly , it cough , shudder , stall . a big blackfoot indian name billy bear get out and start cursing and kick the vehicle . then he begin walk toward the road gang ... roadside brady be the Guard near the center of the work gang ; he smile at the oncoming man , poke a prisoner beside he . brady wonder what reservation they let he off of ... the prisoner be ganz who look up , grin at brady ... ganz yeah , there go the neighborhood . brady laugh as billy bear close in on he . billy say , buddy , my engine 's overheate and I get 30 mile before the next station ... could I get some water out of you cooler ? ganz lean on he hoe , speak as billy pass ... ganz maybe you shoulda steal a better truck , Tonto . billy you get a real big mouth , convict . brady it 's okay , chief . he 's just joke ... billy how about the water ... ganz firewater , Tonto ? be that what you ... billy whirl , swing at ganz . both man roll to the ground . brady hey ! Jesus Christ ! the other guard see the commotion , they run toward it . ganz and billy as they struggle , billy slip a pistol into ganz ' hand . brady that 's a state prisoner , asshole ...! back off ... roadside brady pull billy away from ganz just ' as one of the other officer arrive ... ganz suddenly whip out a pistol , shoot brady at point- blank range . before the other Guards can even react , billy come out with he own pistol , cap the second Guard . third guard still forty yard away ... in mid-draw , be howl as a bullet from ganz break the nearby ground . he fire , then turn and run for the prison bus . ganz smiling , fire twice . but the range be too great for pistol work ... the other prisoner watch .... then they all scatter in different direction ... ganz heft he weapon ... ganz come on ... he and the big indian run to the pickup , climb in and roar away . int . bus the third guard make a call on the police radio ... officer apo 657 , unit 25 to apo 478t apo 657t unit 25 to apo 478 . radio response go ahead , unit 25 . officer escape in progress . two officer shot off rail crossing 31 . prisoner escape . two man , one six - four , 200 pound , dark , a indian , the other , Albert ganz , five - ten ... further down the highway several mile from the escape ... a big semi park by the side of ttie road ; back door to the close trailer open . a station wagon park across the road . the pickup appear , approach the semi , slow down and drive up the ramp into the van . ganz and billy jump out , shove the ramp up inside the truck and close the big door . station wagon ganz and billy climb inside ancl roar off , back in the direction of the road gang . billy bear take off he hat , put on a baseball cap and sunglass ... billy get ready to duck . ganz dive for the floor . Three police car go by , siren blaring , light flash . they pass the road gang . ganz reappear , smile ... ganz you know something ? I be have a real good time . highway the station wagon blast down the pavement ... become a small dot on the landscape . transition . a doorway - night the portal slam open revealing a man hold a huge pistol , jack cate , s.f.p.d. , a large and powerful man ... he stealthily move up a stairwell . corridor he stop at the top of the stair ... listen gun still ready . a continuous sound of run water ... cate move toward the bathroom . rip the door open . bathroom the shape behind the shower curtain freeze . cate , gun hold level , move forward ... rip the shower curtain open . revealing a young and very beautiful woman , elaine marshall . cate Inspector Jack cate , s.f.p.d .... and you be want . Elaine stare at he as cate turn off the water . elaine what be I want for ? cate I do not answer question , I ask them ... a moment as she continue to stare at he pistol . elaine I do not think you gun 's load ... cate this be a .44 Magnum , the most powerful handgun in the world . you gotta ask yourself just one question . be you feelin ' lucky ? elaine I still do not think it 's load . Elaine shake she head and smile , fold she arm over she breast , shiver a little ... cate look at the cylinder , spin it ... cate hey , you be right . elaine you be hopeless . cate that 's the way I see it , too . be put the gun down on the edge of the sink , embrace she . elaine I be all wet . cate what 's wrong with that ? they both smile . transition . bedroom cate in bed with Elaine . she wear he shirt . elaine a guy in the bar call I a dumb bitch today . cate what would you do ? elaine irrigated he face with the shot of J and B I would just pour he . then I try to deck the sucker . cate I guess he get the message ... elaine then I sit back and I think , I mean , who 's to say I be not a dumb bitch . I work in a bar , right ? I can not read a list of my academic credential to every booze-hound that come in the place ... you be what you do ... cate positive self -image problem all over again ... you be who you decide you be unless you be the type that let asshole decide for you . elaine be not you the one that think all psychotherapy be bullshit ? cate I do think all psychotherapy be bullshit . but just because I think it 's bullshit do not mean I do not know something about it . elaine if this be you idea of sympathetic interest in my problem , I will take brutal indifference . cate hey , you know what I really think ? elaine tell I -- I be dyin ' to hear it . cate I think you be ashamed to tend bar which be sad because you look great in that outfit they make you wear ... you pull down four bill a week which be damn good , and you mix the best pina coladas I have ever have ... I think that if you need bigger and better thing ... then go for they . she smile at he after this . it look like they will kiss . they face be close . then she lightly move back . elaine you oversimplify every ... he stop she in the middle of the sentence by kissing she , then pull back ... cate some thing be simple , right ? they face be very close ... but they do not touch for another second . elaine right ... transition . san francisco - dawn titles continue . tug churn across the bay ... quiet city street . park car cover with early morning dew ... a newspaper truck slowly grind by , drop a bundleand move on . embarcadero - dawn the station wagon pull up to a young punk , henry wong , on a motorcycle . billy bear smile and lean out the driver 's side window . billy you get something ' for we , Henry ? Henry produce some credit card . billy pass they to ganz for inspection . ganz how hot be they ? henry hot ? hey , they be not even room temperature . ganz snort derisively . ganz how ya doin ' ? henry can not complain . ganz we get a lot to talk about . henry yeah , old time . ganz we will follow you . take it slow , okay ? henry sure , right . ganz pocket the credit card as Henry wheel away . int . station wagon ganz I want to drive awhile . billy I be not tired yet . int . station wagon ganz maybe after we get do with he I be gonna buy we some girl . billy whaddya mean , buy ? ganz Pros . ganz stare at billy . billy pay money ? ganz yeah , dummy . money . billy I never pay for it in my life . ganz it 's better when you pay ... they let you do anything . billy they always let I do anything . I do not want to pay for it . I never pay for it in my life . ganz just do what I say , okay ? we will pay for the girl and have a good time ... do not you trust I ? billy smile . billy sure , I trust ya . they drive off . NORTH beach - residential STREET - dawn first light break over telegraph Hill . a quiet row of victorian townhouse now convert into apartment . apartment bedroom - early morning cate be sprawle across the double bed ; Elaine be on the verge of fall off the edge . cate ' eye snap open . a second later , he wrist watch alarm go off . he turn it off , get out of bed and begin pull on he pants . Elaine sit up in bed , still wear cate ' blue shirt ... cate pick up a robe as Elaine get out of bed on the opposite side , throw the robe to Elaine ... she take off the shirt , swap it for the robe and throw the shirt to Jack . elaine you know , if you let I come over to you place once in a while , you could put on a clean shirt in the morning . cate what make you think I have any clean shirt at my place ? he button he shirt and head for the kitchen . kitchen cate brush he tooth at the sink , Elaine make coffee . elaine you know , that 's my toothbrush , Jack . he keep brush . cate maybe you ought to buy I one . elaine maybe I would if I know when you be come back . he stop brush , turn and look at she . cate I be here . and I have be come back for quite awhile ... let 's not hassle , okay ? and can I have a cup of coffee ? please . she pour some coffee , hand he a cup and saucer ... cate pour some whiskey into it from a flask . elaine that 's a fairly crummy way to start a morning . cate maybe I get a fairly crummy day ahead . elaine maybe that make a nice excuse . cate maybe you do not know what the hell you be talk about . cate pick he holster .44 off a chair back and begin strapping it on . elaine when you start with that attitude ... it 's like I do not know who you be . cate what do you want to know ? what difference do it make ? I be the guy in you bed the last three month . I make you feel good . you make I feel good . what the hell else do you want from a guy ? elaine I wish you would stop try to make I mad so I will not care for you ... I wish you would give I a little more of a chance . he turn away , move into the corridor near the stairwell . cate I do not have time for this . I gotta go to work . she stand freeze ... he turn back and look at she ; it 's hard to apologize . cate ( continue ) look , I be glad I be in you life ... and hell , with a ass like yours , I figure anything might be possible . she be warm up by the first part , amused by the second ; she approach ... elaine you know something , Jack , you really be hopeless . cate that 's the way I see it , too . elaine call I later . cate you sure you want I to ? elaine yeah , for some reason , I be sure ... he move closer , kiss she .. cate thanks for the coffee . elaine I think you forget this . hand he he wallet and badge ... cate guess people ought to know who I be ... he turn to go down the stairwell ... elaine Jack , wait . here ... she put a scarf around he neck . elaine ( continue ) it 's cold as hell out this morning , and you know what the man say , the coldest winter I ever spend be the summer I spend in San Francisco ... they do not kiss . he nod appreciately , the scarf in hand as he turn and go . STREET - NORTH beach - morning cate come out of Elaine 's apartment building , cross to he whipped and batter 64 cadillac convertible , notice a parking ticket stick under the windshield wiper ... cate Son of a bitch . shove the ticket in he coat pocket , get into the caddie put the scarf around the rear view mirror , start the engine and gun away ... CITY STREET cate drive the convertible ; he come down a hill and turn toward the East Bay ... transition . golden gate park - morning Henry Wong , seat on a park bench . now very dead , a bullet hole in the middle of he forehead . billy bear be seat next to he on the bench read the race form . ganz use the telephone at a outdoor booth a few foot beyond the bench . STREET - broadway district - day luther and rosalie , a young couple , turn a corner . a dark parody of all - american young married . they be bicker as usual . rosalie I like that carpet we see . luther we can not afford it . rosalie do not remind I . luther whaddya want I to do , go out and steal for the money ? I hate the color anyway ; the color suck ... suddenly , billy and ganz descend on luther and rosalie and pull they into they station wagon .. int . station wagon billy have rosalie by the mouth , gag she with he big paw ... ganz have he gun at luther 's neck . ganz surprise , luther . luther whaddya want ? I think you be lock up - ganz I want the money , asshole , what do you think ? the money that Reggie hide ... luther I do not know what you be talkin ' about . ganz you want that indian to snap she neck ? he mime the gesture ... snap ... ganz ( continue ) instead of worryin ' about Reggie , you better worry about I ... luther do not give I this , we be partner . ganz billy , go ahead , break it ... luther no ! do not kill she . I can get you the money . ganz when ? luther I can not get it until Monday . honest . ganz you chickenshit punk ... luther honest . the place we stashed it open Monday morning . I can not get it till then . Monday morning , that 's when it open . after that , I will get the money to you right away ... ganz finally take the gun from the neck . ganz I always like you , luther . you be always a lotta fun to hang out with ... rosalie be rub she neck now that she 's be release ... ganz gesture to billy . ganz ( continue ) we be gonna keep she . luther desperately do not like this . luther come on , you can trust I . please . ganz you try to mess with we or go to the cop , I promise you , I will put hole in she you would not believe . he smile at luther , pinch he on the cheek , shove he out of the car . luther stands shiver as it power away . walden HOTEL - day a small hotel on one of the quiet street behind Union Square . a GREEN cougar pull up across the street . int . car tha car arrive in front of the hotel . ganz Nice place , huh ? rosalie be very nervous . rosalie what be you gonna do to I in there ? ganz give she a casual smile . ganz maybe that 's where I be gonna cut you throat . billy he 's just kiddin ' , you just keep doin ' what I tell ya , you will be okay . they move out of the car , head for the hotel . lobby a frizzy young blonde sit behind the desk in a mirrore entrance hall . she read a lurid paperback . Morning traffic stream by outside as ganz , billy and rosalie enter and approach the desk . ganz we need some room for a couple of night ... okay ? she smile at ganz . frizzy sure . we do not get many real customer , ya know ? most people only stay a hour or two ... pass a form across . ganz sign it , frizzy glance at he signature then take a key from the rack behind . ganz I want she young . and tall . Nice leg . leg be important . then , real thin . yeah . no jeans - a dress ? a nice summer dress . you know I want she fresh ... I will tell you why , because I be hoein ' weed and makin ' license plate for a couple of year ... yeah , I know you do not get it ... billy bear see a couple approach , he shove the dead man down on the bench and spread the newspaper over he head . the body now look like a typical park bum who have spend the night . billy walk over to ganz . billy hey , what about I ? ganz and I need one more for my pal . yeah . make she a indian . no , not a turban , you know , a squaw . billy smile , take the Polaroid ... polaroid a close shot of the dead man with the bullet hole in he forehead . ganz take the photograph back from billy and slip it into he jacket pocket ... ganz walden Hotel . third near Broadway . tell they to ask for ... uh ... he take the hot credit card out of he pocket , the name emboss on the plastic .. ganz ( continue ) g.p. polson ...p.o.l.s.o.n .... just be a couple of hour . hang up . the two man head for a green plymouth ... transition . frizzy number twenty - seven , Mr. polson . ganz put they next door , okay . she give he a slightly know look . frizzy sure , hey , you get the whole floor to yourself ... ganz send she back a sharp look . ganz keep you filthy idea to yourself , lady . ganz pick up he suitcase , walk over to the nearest stairwell . billy and rosalie follow ... transition . STREET bar start to fill up with mid-day customer ... a black chevy cruise past and stop further up the block . two plainclothesm , vanzant and algren , get out of the car . as they start toward the walden ... the cadillac convertible pull up near the two man . cate climb out of he car and walk over to they . cate hey , fella , what 's happen ? Radio say you guy have something on ... algren not much , Jack ... salesman name polson have he credit card lift ... algren nod over to the parking lot opposite . algren ( continue ) one of polson 's card rent that green coupe . vanzant not too much for a big rough tough gunfighter like you to do on this one ... cate smile at the verbal positioning he 's use to with he colleague . cate suspect pack or be this a laugher ? algren five and dime stuff . polson say a kid with a switchblade mug he and drive off on a motorcyle . cate yeah , well , I guess you two be expert at take boy scout knife away from teenager ... vanzant yeah , we be , that mean you can stay outta this one . we do not have any big need for the artillery vanzant 's turn to smile . cate hey , I be just offer to help out ... I like to watch real pro work . vanzant help , huh ? sometimes you kind of help tend to leave the suspect in bad shape . algren...mediator ... soothes the competitive situation . algren hey , relax ... Jack , you wanna come inside , fine ... you can stake out the lobby ... cate , a bit disgust at the politics of this moment , nod ... cate Fine , it 's you show ... the three man move toward the walden . walden HOTEL lobby frizzy blonde still behind the desk . still read the lurid paperback . unaware as vanzant and algren approach ... she look up as they flash they badge . frizzy aw , you guy be in last week . you better ask around . I be not suppose to be hassle ... I get friend . vanzant hey , park the tongue for a second , sweetpant , we just want to search a room . frizzy not unless you get a warrant . cate maybe you should of be a lawyer instead of a dumb skirt workin ' behind a register . frizzy turn to find cate stand beside she . he nudge she aside . start go throught the register book . frizzy aw , come on , what the shit be this ? algren we be look for a guy go under the name polson ... frizzy sit back down in defeat . frizzy okay , big deal . get it over with . cate find the name . cate Mr. polson , room 27 ... algren be he alone ? frizzy naw , he sister go up a hour ago . vanzant turn to cate . vanzant okay , like we say , you stake out the lobby . cate sure. great . whatever . vanzant you be not miss out on dillinger . this punk just steal some credit card . cate watch the two detective head for the elevator . second floor corridor vanzant and algren move down the hallway stop at the far end . both detective draw they pistol and approach a door . room summer dress and undergarment scatteredon the floor . lisa , lie naked under the cover . she match ganz 's earlier requirement . smoke a cigarette , stare at the ceiling . ganz remain on top of the blanket . still in he shirt and pants watch tv . Three sharp knock at the door . ganz react as if he 's receive a electric shock . his hand go under the pillow ... come up with a automatic . shove it hard into Lisa 's stomach . lisa hey ... ganz shut up . lisa what the hell 's wrong ? I do not do anything . another knock . ganz make she move to the door . lisa ( continue ) what do you want ? what 's goin ' on ? ganz shut up . she grab she dress and try to pull it on . ganz ( continue ) now ask who it be . shove harder with the pistol . ganz ( continue ) come on , ask . she call out . lisa who be it ? corridor vanzant and algren stand back from the door . gun hold ready . algren Police ... open up . r00 m Lisa look from the door back to ganz . then at the gun hold against she . she 's petrify . ganz stall . lisa what do you want ? vanzant Police business . come on , open up . a smile on ganz ' face . almost as if he 's enjoy the moment . ganz keep stallin' . lisa alright , I be come ... hold on . I will just be a minute . corridor vanzant and algren wait . sound of movement from within the room . lobby cate move toward the foot of the stairwell . look across at mirror on the wall opposite . the entire lobby cover from this spot . every angle , include frizzy . room ganz gesture to Lisa . lisa just a second . ganz belt she with he gun ; she fall .. ganz go through the connect door . slip into the adjacent room . billy room another hooker cower in the corner , pull on she clothes . she 's a mexican girl in a ridiculous ' indian ' outfit . mexican girl que paso ? que esta pasando ? no entiendo ... billy shut up . billy go to where rosalie be awkwardlytied to a chair with a electric dord . he pull she to she foot as ganz move by . billy ( continue ) when I say jump , girl , you better jump . billy ( continue ) corridor vanzant reach down , try the knob . lock . algren move back , prepare to kick the door down . adjacent room ganz open the door behind the two cop . raise he pistol and fire . billy 's shot follow immediately . Hit vanzant . algren roll just as ganz fire again . wound , he get off three shot , then move inside ganz ' room . ganz and billy run for the elevator ... Exchange two more shot with algren . the mexican girl begin scream in Spanish ... lobby cate draw he .44 . race up the stair three at a time . frizzy start to frantically call the police . corridor cate stop at the landing . vanzant 's body sprawle across the hallway . algren back in the corridor , still lose blood ... leans against the wall for support ... Lisa stagger out of the room , scream . algren point the gun toward the elevator . indicating where ganz and billy have just fle . cate start back down toward the lobby . elevator ganz and billy , gun ready as the carriage jolt downward . rosalie be terrify , sobbing ... cate arrive at the halfway turn of the second staircase . he take the next flight in two jump . elevator as the door open , ganz gesture for billy and rosalie to wait as he head for the lobby . lobby cate literally fly into the lobby just as ganz appear . he slam ganz against a column , belt he across the neck with he pistol . ganz scream with pain , drop he gun ... cate again slam he with he pistol , fell he ... ganz slide across the floor . cate sense something ... move just as billy appear behind and fire at he . the bullet take out a window . cate dive over the desk . another bullet chew up the wood . lobby frizzy have be stand beside she desk , scream ... cate ' move and the accompany bulletspanic she . she dash for safety ... cate get to he foot behind cover . see billy hold rosalie by the throat . frizzy begin to scream . ganz he will blow she goddamn head off . cate do not miss a beat . he slowly level he .44 . take careful aim and start to fire at billy . rosalie no. no. cate ' shot narrowly miss rosalie . the bullet smashes into a mirror above billy 's head . cate keep move closer , gun point straight ahead . billy push the pistol against rosalie'temple . for the first time , cate hesitates . they face each other across the length of the lobby . algren struggle down the remain step into the lobby . he still hold he revolver . dare not raise it towards billy and rosalie . billy bear cover algren from near the entrance . he 's confuse , do not know what to do ... he keep hold of rosalie . ganz his eye catch algren 's ... ganz you . Drop it and we will not kill she . algren toss he gun to the floor . ganz ( continue ) now , tell he to drop he goddamn piece . algren do it , cate . no response . algren ( continue ) do it , cate . goddamn it , do it . cate lower he gun . finally let it drop to the floor . ganz kick it over here . cate do ; ganz pick it up , smile , look at billy . ganz ( continue ) get the car . then back to cate as billy run out the entrance with rosalie . ganz ( continue ) you gun 's just like mine . he 's go to kill cate . but first be glance at algren . then , almost casually , shoot he twice with cate ' .44 . algren stagger back . Dead before he hit the floor . cate twist sideways just as ganz fire . the bullet miss . again frizzy start scream and struggle . ganz swipe the woman across the head with the gun . her body slump to the floor . Police siren can be hear in the distance . cate make a attempt for algren 's gun . a bullet splatter against the floor only inch from he outstretch finger . the gun skitter out of reach . cate you lie son of a bitch ... ganz what be you talk about ? we do not kill she ... ganz smile . with you own gun , cop . how do it feel ? cate leap into a wooden phone booth . ganz leisurely blast away at the booth with both he and cate ' gun . two bullet crash into the booth . ganz move to check inside the booth but siren be ominously near . ganz finally retreat out the entrance . STREET billy and rosalie weave they way across street to the cougar . they make a u-turn . ganz run out . car pull out , then the police car and van begin to arrive . phone booth chunks of wood on the floor . shaft of light through a dozen bullet hole . shatter receiver dangle from a cord . cate , wedge tight into the very top of the cubicle . he drop to the floor . lobby the police arrive . swarm into the hotel . all eye on cate as he rush to algren . too late ... cate realize algren be dead . he cradle algren 's head as he stare at the arrive tac squad and patrolmen . transition . squad room day cate walk in . several detective gather around he . fat cop what happen ? cate read the report . old cop two cop blow away by a credit card booster ... that do not figure . cate no shit . fat cop they be good cop . cate they be good cop who fuck up and get careless . a snotty young cop pace . young cop that 's what you say , cate ... cate yeah . young cop but that 's what you say about all of we all the tine ... we be always the one fuck up when you tell it ... cate the truth hurt , do not it , buddy ? cate look at the Old cop . old cop it do not figure . cate I need to borrow a piece . the old cop shrug ... look in he desk ... young cop somebody steal you gun , you be suppose to file a report . cate be you gonna tell I about police procedure ? do I a favor , do not give I a bunch of crap . young cop I guess when two cop die on account of you fuck up you want to keep it as quiet as possible ... cate lose it for a second , land on he with both hand , push he against a wall ... the room go quiet . cate cool down . cate just shut the fuck up . the other cop do not intervene . they just watch . cate cool down , straighten up . haden walk by , or , rather , speed by . haden cate , I will need to see you in five minute , exactly five . the Old cop hand cate a gun , a traditional Army .45 ... old cop best I can do . haden D ' you read I , cate ... haden continue move away . cate five minute . I hear you , you voice carry ... as cate be examine the gun , RUTH , a lab technician , enter and drop three 8 x 10' on the desk near cate . RUTH they be still wet . cate lift the blow-up , each one show a different aspect of a spend bullet . RUTH ( continue ) lot of people get shot with .44 's lately ... last year , it be Saturday night special .. now it 's heavy stuff . people must be get madder about something . cate start pin the blow- up onto a large bulletin board on the wall . nearby , at the same time ( within cate ' line of sight , within earshot ) , Lisa , the hooker , be be interrogate by a police - woman who pull the statement off the typewriter . nearby , the indian hooker be be interrogate in Spanish . policewoman you be a accessory to murder one , so you be go to have to do a whole lot better than what we get down here , honey ... lisa gimme a break , huh ? ... look , I get there . he be a trick just like any other for all I know . that 's all there be . he do not feel like sit and talk . he be in a big hurry to get laid . I be with he about a hour ... cate have get interested in the last part of this ... drift toward she ... a detective come through , begin distribute i.b.m. printout to cate , the other nearby officer .. detective we get a print from the hotel room . guy 's real name be ganz , Albert ganz . a hitter from back East but he work out here a few year back . armed robbery . break out of prison two day ago and cap two of the guard . a real animal . wait will you see this ... cate read the printout , then smoothly , imperiously , he take over the question of Lisa . cate do he give you a return match ? lisa he be not interested . cate maybe he do not like you performance . lisa fuck you . cate I will take a raincheck ... from the side , Ruth be point at the photo ... RUTH this will interest you , Jack ... we have get something here from you gun ... and this be from the first weapon ganz use ... cate I do not get it . RUTH here . cate she turn , produce the third photo . pin it beside the one from the walden Hotel . RUTH a perfect match for the marking from the first gun he use ... but not from the walden Hotel ... fire at least six hour earlier ... at point blank range ... right between the eye . found he on a park bench ... she show he two more picture . Police forensics shot of Henry Wong ... very dead on the park bench ... RUTH ( continue ) ya know , there be some very bad people out there in the world . cate look at it this way , Ruth . if there be not , what would there be for we to do ? Lisa continue with the policewoman . lisa anyway ... so I get there and take he down . he start watch television and then you sensational people start bang on the door ... that 's all ... except ... he 's gonna give you guy a hard time . cate cate look up as he hear that remark . notice kehoe , another detective , enter with a long suitcase . policewoman what make you think so ? lisa I think he like shoot cop a lot more than get laid . cate watch kehoe unpack the box . cate be that what this guy ganz have in the hotel ? kehoe every last bit of it . the big guy 's room be empty . cate I will help you out . cate and kehoe start go through the suitcase . kehoe produce a speed loader for a .44 ... kehoe this guy must have have a .44 like yours , Jack . now he 's get yours . cate shit . kehoe next produce several box of shell . kehoe this cat be real serious about he artillery . a attendant come through , hand kehoe a file . he open it , show the file to cate who read the name under the mug shot . cate billy bear ... kehoe backup man from the East Bay . worked with ganz a few year ago and sprung he from the road gang . kehoe open the second file . four mug shot be inside . cate who be all this ? kehoe they all pull a bunch of job with ganz about four year ago . cate wait a minute , wait a minute ... who 's this ? kehoe uhh ... Wong , Henry Wong . he be in on the same job . cate spin the file around so that both Ruth a kehoe can see it , throw the forensic shot down beside it . cate tell I that 's not the same guy . kehoe hey ... Dick Tracy . RUTH do ganz have a grudge against he old friend ? haden come out of he office . haden get in here , cate . cate ignore he . cate I think I wanna have a discussion about it with any of the one still walk . can we find they ? kehoe here 's the file . cate check the file . cate one of they 's in the slam . haden damn you , cate ... get in here . cate walk into haden 's cubicle . cate I want to be leave alone on this one . algren be kill with my gun . haden yeah , I read the report ... haden shuffles some papers , seem to ignore cate . cate hey , the bastard 's get my gun . I want it back . haden Jack , come on , there be a official department policy about cop killing . cop killer represent a special priority because any man crazy enough to kill a cop be a great threat to a unarm civilian ... in other word , we can not see like we be in the revenge business ... I know , we all know the truth 's a little different . cate almost smile at haden . cate yeah ... haden anthing botherin ' you besides losin ' you gun ? cate yeah . it bother I when cop get hurt while I be makin ' a play . I do not like it . haden you might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one , Jack . cate be a hot dog 's work pretty well for I so far ... besides , I get a lead ... haden okay . you be not a team player . you gotta do thing you own way . Fine . nail this guy and make we all look good . but you better watch you ass . if you screw up , I can promise you , you be goin ' down . cate you really know how to send a guy out with a great attitude . he start to go . haden Jack ? cate yeah ? haden try not to get you ass shot to piece . we get enough dead cop on this one . cate I will keep it in mind . leave . transition . CITY STREET heavy vehicle and pedestrian traffic . cate stand near a hot dog stand . Elaine join he . cate be eat a hot dog and study a police file . elaine great place for lunch . cate yeah , one of my favorite . elaine you make the front page . he hand she a dog . cate yeah , guess it must have be a slow news day ... elaine Jack , be you okay ? cate sure , okay , fine , no problem ... see , there 's this kid in jail ... first thing I get to do be go up and see what he know ... he point to the file . elaine I think you might come over to my place to recuperate . I do not have to go to work until the day after tomorrow . they begin to stroll down the street . cate I get nothing to recuperate from . there 's a guy out there with my gun , and I want it back . she 's not happy with this attitude . elaine look , spare I the macho bullshit about you gun ... cate bullshit ? I will tell you about bullshit . my gun 's a real weapon in the hand of a real maniac who know how to use it . it be not my macho bullshit that 's kill people , my gun be ... elaine look , Jack , if you make everything you personal responsibility , you will turn into a bad cop . it 's not a practical way to function ... cate I do not get burn , two cop do . listen , I will tell you about personnel responsibility . I like to get the job do right . and if I do not get my job do right ... I be for shit . elaine here it come again ... the sacred job ... cate that 's right . I be not like you . I be not gonna sit on my ass wonder what 's right and what 's wrong ... there 's a psycho out there kill people with my gun and I be gonna get he . because it 's my job . and if you do not get that ... elaine I get that . the job first . everything else , especially I , second . I get it . I do not like it . pause . cate no one ask you to like it ... but that 's the way it be . transition . prison cell block - day cate and a guard on the upper deck approach the door to the cell block ... the Guard shout upward . guard open nine . with a huge metal clatter the door to the cell block open . cell block - near entrance cate and the Guard go through the door . guard Close nine . they move forward together . guard ( continue ) it 's number twenty-two ... you want company ? cate no , no thanks . the Guard shrug , stay by the door . cate he walk down the cell block . inmate stare at he from inside the stark cell . they do not know who he be , but they can smell a cop . cate stop at twenty -two , look inside ... a bit startle . obviously , Reggie hammond have connection and taste . the paint be fresh ; there 's frame print on the wall instead of pin-up , and the overall feel be that of a graduate school dorm rather than a prison . cate turn , nod to the Guard at the end of the cell block . he throw a switch and the door open . hammond' cell cate step inside . hammond be at a table wear a Sony walkman and write in some detailed ledger with a fountain pen . he 's boogey in he seat to the music . sprawle on a bunk nearby be leroy , another black inmate close to hammond 's age . leroy be leaf through a copy of a skin magazine . he do not even look at cate . cate hammond . cate step inside the cell . cate ( continue ) hammond ! no answer . cate lean over , hit the override button on the Sony . cate ( continue ) hammond ! hammond jump , grab he ear in pain ... he pull the headset off and glare at cate . hammond you get a name , cop ? cate try cate . and let 's talk in private , okay ? hammond sure , anything you want . he toss the walkman to leroy who dutifully put it on . cate look , convict , I know all about you . single . no fix address . no know relative . one previous conviction . armed robbery ... six month to go on a three - year sentence . hammond you here to write my life story ? cate not likely , Reggie . maybe I just need some help . cate take the forensic photo out of he pocket , pass it across the table to hammond . he look at it , hardly react . hammond Henry Wong ... my old pal . he 's look better ... he pass the photo back . hammond ( continue ) look , I get just six month before gettin ' out of here . six month between I and freedom after bein ' here three year ... and I be not gonna do anything to screw it up , includin ' pee in the prison yard , knock up the warden 's daughter or rat on my old partner ... cate swing the cell door back open . cate too bad , Reggie . I think maybe you be a smart boy . but I guess if you be real smart you would not be a convict . he smile , decide to play he card . cate ( continue ) I can see a second - rater like you would not be any help at all goin ' up against a real hard case like ganz . hammond jerk he head around . hammond ganz ? pause . hammond ( continue ) ganz the one who shot Henry ? cate , I ask you a question ... cate smile . cate yeah , I notice ... hammond ganz be in jail . he 's gonna be there two year after I be on the street . cate do not work out that way . he bust out with a big indian . they cap two guard on a road gang . Nice meeting you Reggie . he turn , go out . the door clang behind he . hammond jump up and bang on the bar , shout at cate ' back ... hammond cate , come back here . cate turn , saunter back , lean against the door . cate yeah ? hammond I can deliver ganz . but you gotta get I outta here first . cate you be crazy . hammond I can help you , man , but you gotta get I out . I get to be on the street . get I outta here . cate what 's the big deal about you bein ' on the street ? hammond I get a lot to protect . cate bullshit . hammond it 's the only way you be gonna get ganz . cate I will think about it . transition . cate type several of official look document while seat across from a rather dour-look bureaucrat name bob . cate let I borrow you pen , Bob . handed over by Bob . bob you go to use you own name ? cate shit , no . candy he begin signing the document . bob Jack , just remember one thing . if all this come down , you do not know I . I be not gonna burn for you . and I will tell you something else . if it all come down , you ass be new-mown grass . cate right . hey , no sweat . he hand over the papers . smile . bob bob you get he for 48 hour . Bob study the sheet . bob ( continue ) you get a big career as a forger if you decide to go that way , Jack ... I will ring security . transition . process room - prison - day the guard lead hammond to a steel cage . harmnond 's now wear a beautifully tailore plaid suit . the Guard shout to another guard on the far side . guard prisoner g21355 ... hammond . second guard okay . send he through . the gate slide open . the Guard gezture for hairmond to enter . hammond walk to the far side of the pen . the first gate close , the second one open . hammond turn and walk over to cate . the Guard come up to cate , double check he order then unlock hammond 's cuff . guard gotta sign for he . cate sure thing ... he look over at hammond who smile at he . then look at harmond 's clothes ... cate ( continue ) this prison give out $ 400 suit ? hammond what be you talkin ' about ? this suit 's mine . it cost $ 900 . hammond dust off a sleeve . cate we be suppose to be after a killer , not a string of hooker ... hammond listen , it may be a little out of date . you know , I get a reputation for lookingreal sharp with the lady ... cate hand some papers to the Guard . guard he 's all yours . the Guard walk away as hammond feel cate ' lapel . hammond we could change this for something good ... get you lookin ' sharp for pussy . cate give he a look . cate I do not need to hear you jive . I already get that department take care of ... hammond you get a girl ... shit ... the generosityof woman never cease to amaze I . cate slap a cuff on hammond 's outstrethand , then put the other on he own wrist . hammond ( continue ) hey , no way . take off the bracelet or no deal . cate you just do not get it , do you Reggie ? there be not any deal . I own you ass . hammond no way to start a partnership . cate get this . we be not partner . we be not brother . we be not friend . I be puttin ' you down and keepin ' you down until ganz be lock up or dead . and if ganz get away , you be gonna be sorry we ever meet . hammond shit . I be already sorry . cate yank on the cuff . they move away . ? transition . outside the jail - day cate lead hammond out . they head for cate ' batter cadillac . hammond this you car , man ? cate yeah . hammond it look like you buy it off one of the brother . as they approach the car ... cate okay , let 's get down to it . I do my part and get you out . so now you tell I where we be goin ' ? hammond do not worry , I get a move for ya . a awesome move . a guy name luther . ganz will be pay he a visit . we go to he right away . cate luther be part of the gang ? hammond what gang you talkin ' about , Jack ? cate I can read a police file , shithead , and quit call I Jack . hammond just a expression man , do not mean nothin' . cate get behind the wheel and kick the engine over . cate I do not give a damn . it happen to be my name . hammond then what be you complainin ' about ? at least nobody 's call you shithead .... cate I may call you worse than that . cate drive off . ext . STREET - mission district - day cate ' cadillac purr into view , enter a desert street within a rundown neighborhood . int . caddy hammond seat next to cate . hammond just up the street , the other side , over there ... now , do not bother knockin ' on the door . luther be not the kind of guy that look for company . cate you pal nut enough to take a shot at I ? hammond luther be not the reliable type . I do not want you shot yet , cate ... not before you be a help to I . cate I be helpin ' you , huh ? hammond smile . hammond yeah . do not you know that ? STREET the caddy pull to a stop . hammond over there ...232 ... cate double -check he .38 . hammond ( continue ) you better let I borrow one of that . cate smile . cate sure thing , asshole . handcuffs hammond to the door handle . grab the car key . cate ( continue ) you just hang on . and hope this big move of yours turn out to be something . open the car door . cate ( continue ) luther' victorian cate knock at the door . nothing . knock again ... no response .. from inside , he hear a faint noise but no response to the knock . holding the .38 in one hand , cate try the knob with the other . the door open . cautiously , cate step inside . int . luther' victorian Long corridor ahead . no sign of luther . cate move down the corriaor , check the room off to one side . luther luther slip into the hallway behind cate ... cate turn just as he get to the kitchen . luther hold a gun . cate drop to a crouch and aim the .38 . luther whirl and fire at cate . as wood and plaster fly out all round he , cate make a run dive for the floor . luther run out before cate have regainehis foot . STREET luther rush out the front door and head toward the cadillac . hammond watch as luther head down the sidewaltoward he . as he start to pass by ... hammond step out suddenly ... flatten he with the car door . luther drop , stunne . hammond , still restrict by be cuffed to the door handle , reach and grab he pistol . cate hammond , Drop the goddamn gun . hammond look up . he sprint across the pavement . aim he gun at hammond . hammond quit playin ' cop and undo this cuff , Jack , I need to talk to this man . cate I be tellin ' you to drop the goddam gun . hammond I get a whole thing about people pointin ' gun at I . cate just throw I the goddamn gun . Long moment . then hammond smile and toss he luther 's pistol . luther groan . cate put he foot on luther 's belly and pull himself into a stand position , cuff he . hammond luther , I always tell you the physical side of life be not you gig . look at you , all mess up ... course you never be much in the snappy dresser department , be you ? cate now have luther ready to be question . cate come on , talk to he . hammond turn to smile at luther . hammond what 's happen , luther ? luther I think you be inside ... hammond meet my travel agent . luther lean forward , look straight at cate . luther a cop ... cate I sure be not he fairy godmother ... now I be look for ganz ... where be he ? luther have not see he for year . that 's the truth . cate you just take a shot at I , asshole . I think you do know where he be . luther who give a fuck what you think ? cate grab the still open cadillac door , slam it into luther . he fall backwards . cate look at hammond . cate hey , this work pretty good . hammond thank you . cate want to try it again ? luther sit up again , glare at cate . luther ganz and billy get my girl , rosalie . cate I think I meet she . now tell we something we do not know , like where they stashed she . luther I do not know . cate slam the car door again he again . hammond I gotta tell you he 's have a ball with this car door , luther ... you would better think of something ' to tell he . luther besitate ... flash a look at hammond , who send he a silent fleeting reply . maybe cate see this . maybe not . luther he ... he want I to help he skip town . cate when ? how ? luther I dunno ... he 's gonna call I ... another look at hammond . luther ( continue ) he 's gonna call I on ... Tuesday . something 's wrong with all this . cate be not sure just what . not yet . he look at hammond . cate what do you think ? hammond I think you better put he on ice , man . cate he 's gotta take that call ... if there be one . hammond if you let he run around till Tuesday , he 's gonna run right to ganz and warn he . ai not you , motherfucker ? luther make a play toward hammond , who laugh , do not even flinch . hammond ( continue ) luther , be you angry with I ? cate wrestle luther into the back seat , turn to hammond . cate I do not know what the hell you be smile about , watermelon . you big move turn out to be shit . hammond just stare at cate , keep smile ... transition . book - police precinct - night two uniform follow a sullen luther , cate and hammond to the duty sergeant ... cate speak to he through the small window . cate assault on a police officer with a deadly weapon . carry a conceal weapon . resisting arrest , disturb the peace . Public nuisance ... the sergeant begin type out a arrest form . cate ( continue ) I will think up a few more and file the report tomorrow . cate look back at hammond as luther be haul away . cate ( continue ) come on , I gotta make a phone call . as they move through the honeycomb of office partition . cate ( continue ) you stay with I . cate pick up the phone on the other side of the book desk . dial ... wait for a response as two hookers be lead past by a arrest Officer . hammond give they the eye . cate ( continue ) this be Jack cate . any message ? elaine's apartment Elaine be on the kitchen phone , speakingwhite put she coat on over she uniform for the evening . one look at the way it be cut and you know why she hate she job . elaine just one . some lady call . Said she 's a little hot-head sometimes ... but she still want she occasional roommate . she would like to talk it over after she get off work tonight ... if it 's humanly possible .... cate Elaine , look , I be in the middle of sone stuff right now ... I be not gonna have time to come by . I do not know when I can get there . her face fall . make the offer be hard enough . elaine come on , Jack ... you be make I work too goddamn hard at this ... Jack be very irritate by this turn of event . cate listen , goddamn it if you think I be happy about it , you be nut . I just gotta take care of a few thing , okay ? elaine this be not the way people who care for each other be suppose to behave . cate say nothing . she hang up angrily . book hammond be work on the girl . hammond Excuse I , lady , you seem to be in need of assistance . hooker two look , we get enough problem , we do not need no tight - ass court - appoint lawyer try to bullshit we ! hammond sweetheart , I be not try to bullshit you . I do not know whether or not you lady hear but the city be come down real hard on people practice unlawful carnal knowledge . hooker one so what be you try to say , fella ? hammond I be try to say that you be not just walk in that courtroom and get gonna slap with a $ 50 fine and be back on the street turn trick tonight . you both be go to do some time . about 30 day each ... unless , of course , we talk real business . hooker two so where do you want to do it , honey ? you wanna hop up on the counter ? hammond no , we can go to the back room . cate walk over and pull he by the shoulder . cate we be on the move . let 's go . as they walk toward a corridor . hammond do you know how close I be to get some trim . and you fuck ' it up . cate yeah , well , my ass bleed for you . and I do not get you out so you could go on a goddamn " trim " hunt ... stop moan . hammond speakin ' of moan my stomach be startin ' to growl . cate we eat when I say we eat . hammond bullshit ... I be not move till I get something to eat . you have be treat I like shit ever since I come out here . if you do not like it , you can take I back to the penitentiary and kiss my hungry black ass good - bye . and I want some food some place nice .. some good people , nice music ... cate yeah , I be hungry too . I know of a place . let 's go eat . hammond yeah , I want mandolin , flower ... they move off down the corridor . transition . underground parking lot - night int . police headquarters cate and hammond at a candy machine . cate drop in a quarter , throw hammond a candy bar ... cate there 's you god-damn dinner . now , let 's go . they move toward a row of park car . at the caddy hammond who would you call on the phone back at the book station ? cate just get in the car and keep you mouth shut . hammond get in the car as cate readjust Elaine 's scarf on the mirror . hammond must of be you lady friend ... cate frown at he . hammond ( continue ) you really do have onoe , huh , Jack ... what 's she problem besides you ? cate she 's get the same complaint as half the goddamn population . she can not get the job she 's train for and it piss she off ... anyway , what the fuck do you care ? cate climb in behind the wheel of the cadillac . hammond no , man , tell I about she . in jail they get I surround by guy wearin ' blue suit twenty - four hour a day . and I be not build for that . really ? with the clothes you get on you look like you would love it . cate take a belt from he flask . cate now , where we goin ' , convict ? hammond Mission District . gonna find we a indian . cate start the motor , slam it into gear . accelerate out to the street . transition . ext . CITY STREET night cate and hammon booming along in the caddy . hammond come on , Jack . I want to hear about you girl . when be you with she last ... you get what I mean ? smile . cate smile back at he , almost cruelly cate I do not give out the detail . hammond last night , two night ago , three ? cate keep smile . cate last night . hammond you have a good time ? pain expression on cate ' face as he come back to reality . cate sure . then we have a fight this morning . hammond at least you take care of business and get the important part in before she come down on you ... tell I a little about she . she get great tit ? cate give he a hard look . cate I get the feel it 's go to be real long night . they keep drive . transition . mission district - STREET - night the cadillac drive slowly past a bar call torchie 's . stop at the end of the block . cate well ? hammond it 's a long shot , but ... billy use to tend bar here a few year back . I hear he talk about it . cate this part of town , they will make we for heat the second we walk in . just back I up like you have get a piece ... hammond back you up ? now why would I wanna do that ? cate if they kick my ass , they will sure as hell carve yours up ... hammond but you can handle it all right , huh ? Real amazin ' how far a gun and a badge can carry some cat ... cate bullshit . attitude and experience get you through ... cate and hammond step out , glance toward the bar . hammond I be in a lot of bar where a white cop roust I and some of the brother . all that clown ever have go for them be a gun and a badge ... cate you need five year training to handle a joint like ... hamnond 's have enough of this debate . hammond hey , you wanna bet ? cate I get two problem . number one , I be not playin ' game . number two , you get nothin ' to bet with . hammond if we come outta this joint with ganz ' phone number , or a dead indian , or anything else useful , then you could turn the other way for half a hour while I get laid ... cate why ? anybody that talk about woman as much as you do probably can not get it up anyway . hammond that 's never be one of my problem . now , stop stallin' , man , or else admit all this professional stuff you be talkin ' about be a crock of shit . cate I will tell you what happen if you lose ... you tell the truth for once . hammond what be you talkin ' about ? cate you tell I what ganz bust out for , he 's after a lot more than just gettin ' out of jail . and whatever it be , you be part of it . hammond I do not know what you be talk about . I just wanna see ganz nail . cate the bet 's off . hammond think it over .. hammond okay , if I lose , I will tell you anything you want to know ... cate reach into he pocket . cate I be gonna enjoy this ... here , I will even loan you my badge . hammond I think you say bullshit and experience be all it take . he take the badge anyway as they head for the entrance . torchie' western bar they step inside . hammond react to ... redneck CITY longhorn mount over the bar , rebel flag , Lone Star beer , armadillo poster . even the waitress wear stetson . rockabilly pound from the jukebox . a cowgirl stripper be do the grind on a small podium . hammond this place do not seem real popular with the brother . cate my kind of place . I always like country boy . cate smile , find a table in the corner . a cowgirl come over to take he order . hammond take a deep breath , move toward the bar . smile at the good ol ' boy . they do not smile back . he sit down at the bar . bartender yeah . hammond vodka . bartender maybe you better have a Black Russian . hammond no , man , I think I will have a vodka . hamnond look around the room . the bartender place a glass in front of he , pick up the dollar as harmond flash cate ' shield . hammond you know a big indian name billy bear ? he use to work here . the bartender shake he head , give he a scowl . bartender never hear of he . hammond lift the shot glass and throw it through the mirror behind the bar . sudden silence throughout the room . hammond now how 's you memory doin ' ? bartender fuck off . I do not know what the hell you be talkin ' about . hammond maybe I better ask around , see what you pal think . bartender I do not give a shit who you ask . the bartender walk down toward cate . hammond move away from the bar . he stop at a booth occupy by four cowboy punk , one a very big man . hammond grab he by the arm and pull he up . hammond up against the wall , cowboy . the punk break free , aim a massive haymaker at hammond . get a right to the stomach for he trouble . hammond ( continue ) now , I say get over there by that wall ... you hear I , motherfucker ... look at the other . hammond ( continue ) move it , redneck . on you foot ... he grab the next by the arm , yank he up . hammond ( continue ) over there ... move you ass . some of you redneck seem a little hard of hearing , so I will repeat it for everybody ... I need word on the whereabouts of a indian that go by the name of billy bear . it 's a police matter and you all look like you would just love to cooperate ... cate quietly sip he beer . the other occupant of the bar watch hammond herd the four punk to the end wall . a big cowboy when hammond be not look , he dash toward the exit , cate put out a leg . send the cowboy crash into a crowdedtable . hammond turn around at the noise . hammond ( continue ) that be not necessary , buddy . I get this under control . cate some of we citizen be with you all the way , Officer . the redneck punk be now spread-eagled against the wall . hammond search the first . he drop a wallet on the floor and move to the second . a switchblade , some credit card and another wallet fall to the floor . the last punk have only a roll of bill . hammond hold the money up to he face . hammond you be in trouble , big trouble , so you better start talk . where would a boy like you make a score like this ? punk it 's mine , what the hell ... hammond you must a roll somebody . they do not let punk like you take job that pay this much ... you sure you do not know a dangerous indian , because unless you start talkin ' I may just have to start look down you pants with a flashlight ... punk what kind of cop be you , anyway ? hammond I be you most terrible nightmare ... a bad nigger with a badge that entitle he to kick you ass ... hammond turn to the bartender ... hammond ( continue ) one of they be under-age . another attack a police officer . and you know I be not find what I come lookin ' here for yet ... walk back to the bartender . hammond ( continue ) the tall one have a weapon ... you want I to keep on makin ' a list , or you get the picture yet ? he reach for a towel under a pyramid of bar glass . jerk the towel , the pyramid capsize onto the floor . huge crash as the glass break into a million fragment . hammond ( continue ) look like you be on you way to bein ' outta business , redneck ... now , let 's see what can we fuck with next ? the bartender do not have the look of a happy man . bartender okay , okay . the indian hang out with a girl down the block . right where Chinatown start . she life on top of the hardware store . hammond turn , grin at cate . as far as he 's concerned , he 's win the bet . cate nod , slip out the door . hammond I do not give a damn about he girl ... bartender look , give I a break , you be go to have to settle for she place . it 's the only thing I know . he look desperate . bartender ( continue ) I be tellin ' ya , I be give you all I know . hammond try obeyin ' the law once in awhile , and I will not have to hassle you ... turn to go , then turn back . hammond ( continue ) but remember this , cowboy , there 's a new sheriff in town . smile , turn and go . transition . STREET - across from torchie be - night hammond step out of the bar . he cross to cate by the car . cate I think you get something for I . pause . cate ( continue ) the gun you take off that redneck in there . hammond smile . hammond you make that move , huh ? cate while you be at it , you can give I the switchblade , too . hammond reluctantly take out a .22 automatic , slam it down on the hood of the car . cate ( continue ) credit card ? hammond hand they over with the knife . hammond you already get a gun and you owe I a piece of ass . I will settle for the gun you just take . a long moment . then cate slowly lift the .22 automatic . cate you do a real good job ... guess you deserve a reward . remove the clip . throw it across the street . hand hammond the automatic . hammond motherfucker . he throw the gun away . cate I sure be . now let 's go get we a indian . they walk up the block . transition . STREET - chinatown - night neon sign with sino lettering . cate and hammond walk down the street , spot a shop with a window display of tool . look up at the darken apartment window . they walk to the end of the block . alley stairwell lead to each apartment above the shop . cate and hammond move along the building ... arrive at the back of the hardware store . quietly , they start to ascend the stair . stairwell the metal step extend onto a platform by the back door . cate lean over the railing to look through the adjacent window . between the draw curtain , a flicker glimmer from a tv set . on the tube , various pose from stridently exercise woman . hammond what the shit be that ? look again . a female form pass by , go out of the room . cate there . hammond must be billy 's girl . cate come on . doorway cate gesture to the door lock . hammond fiddle with it for several moment . the door swing open . they step into a darken room . apartment cate take the .38 from he pocket . he stop near the open bedroom doorway . he look at hammond and then both man step quickly into the room . cate Police ! nobody move ! hammond reach for the light switch . take a heavy blow . slump against the door . a woman 's voice scream out . cate ( continue ) stay where you be ! the light go on . cate ' gun point at a young woman ( casey ) in a flimsy dress gown . Saturday night special hold between she palm , police style ... a second woman ( sally ) stand beside hammond at the light switch . larger and slightly older than the first , she wear a man 's shirt . hold a baseball bat in she right hand . sally you better drop it or he 's gonna get another one . hammond hey , talk to here jack . I do not feel like gettin ' number two along side of the head . cate I say police . now drop the goddamn gun . casey do not give I that police shit . you drop it . pause . cate okay , look , do not shoot . I be just reachin ' for my badge . cate take out he badge - show it to casey . casey I do not like this bullshit . I have see fake badge before . hammond I will tell you something lady , this guy be a real nervous cop - he 's just liable to pull the trigger . cate take two step toward casey ... cate naw , I be the calm type . I know you do not want I to shoot you , and I know that you do not want to shoot I . he take two more step toward she . cate ( continue ) shoot a cop put you away for a long time . hold out he hand . casey you asshole better be real . she hand cate the gun . Sally prod hammond with the baseball bat . sally just wait a goddamn second here , let 's see you badge ... he snatch the bat out of she hand . hammond do not have one . sally I know it . call the cop . casey walk over to the phone . cate tell they it 's cate , detective 31st District . then put you clothes on . if you do not answer some question I be take both you ass in . after a moment , casey put down the phone . cate ( continue ) now , let 's cut out the crap , which one of you see billy bear ? sally none of you business , cop . the son of a bitch be not here , and he be not come back . cate you can do better than that . turn to casey . cate ( continue ) how about it ? casey I use to go with he ... I do not know where the hell he be . I have not see he for two week . and I do not think I will . he owe I money ... sally he 's a goddamn lowlife , the way he treat she . cate sound like a real stormy romance . casey I do not much care what it sound like to you , cop . all I know be that I go a few lap around the track with he and I end up with nothin ' but the short end of the stick . cate look over at hammond . cate let 's go . hammond wait a minute . maybe this lady would like to go a few lap with we . how about it ? I be nearly three year in prison and ... sally fuck off . cate come on ... hannond start for the door with cate . casey if you find that bastard , billy , tell he to stay out of my life . I do not need any more of he macho bullshit . transition . STREET chinatown - night the two man walk among the bright neon light . neither of they very happy . cate this suck . a maniac get hold of my gun and go all over the street kill people with it . so , instead of I be where I oughta be , which be in bed give my girl the high , hard one , I be out here do this shit , roam around with some overdress , charcoal - color loser like you . hammond you wanna leave , man ? let I take care of ganz all by myself . cate you ? do not make I laugh . you can not take care of shit . you have be dick I around since we start on this turd-hunt . all you be good for be game ... so far , what I get outta you be nothin ' ... hammond I be impressed with you too , Jack you do a real good job of busting up a couple of dyke bedd down for the night . cate luther know more than he tell I and so do you ... now you better tell we what the fuck this be all about . I give you 48 hour to come up with something and the clock 's runnin ' ... a long look at hammond . hammond maybe I do not like the way you ask . cate who give a goddamn what you think ? you be just a crook that 's get a weekendpass ... you be not even a name anymore . just a spear - chucker with a goddamn number stencile on the back of he prison fatigue ... they walk past . transition . STREET across from torchie be - night they two man walk toward the cadillac . cate okay , Reggie , I be do play around . I want to know what 's go on and I be go to beat the live shit out of you until you tell I . hammond go into a street rap . hammond you beat the shit out of I ? do not make I laugh , sucker . you do not know how I would dance on you face ? I will hit you so hard , so many time , you will wish you would never be hatched . I will turn you face into cottage cheese . I will make you girl think you be takin ' ugly pill . she will not even know who you be , sucker . they stop by the car . cate take the gun out , lay it on the hood . hammond stare at he . cate next take out he wallet , show hammond he badge , then lay the badge on the car fender ... smile . cate I guess the first thing I ought , to explain to you , nigger , be I fight dirty . Hit hammond a tremendous right hand full in the face . hammond sag , grab onto the car fender for support . cate hesitates ... and hammond kick out , send the partially open car door slamm into cate . cate sprawl . hammond so do I . hammond aim a kick at cate ' head . cate block it with cross forearm , grab , twist . hammond tumble , roll away from cate . both man struggle to they foot , circle each other . hammond move in only to receive twoquick blow from cate , a bit sooner than he expect . cate smile . hammond dance in and out ... cate ' breathe become more labor . his windmill attack penetrate cate ' defense . cate clear he head , charge , bull - like ... his rush and great bulk send both of they crash into some trash can and a brick wall . hammond be faster ... cate be much stronger ; both man on they knee . they look at one another . silently , they move to they foot . hammond 's back be to a wall ... cate keep he there , negate the lighter man 's agility . they slug away , each now arm -weary ... Exchange a dozen blow . finally , cate step back , arm at he side ... breath come like a bellow ... hammond have to hold on to the wall ; one more punch would put he out . cate now , you bastard , you go to tell I what 's go on ... puff away . cate ( continue ) ... do I have to kick the shit out of you some more . they stand face one another . hammond smile . a black - and - white come roaring up the street . siren howling , red light flash , it slide to a stop . two uniformed cop jump out , gun draw . first cop all right , you two . do not move . cate no , no ... it 's okay ... I be police . second cop yeah , sure . get you hand above you head . he keep he gun train on cate , and hammond . cate my gun and badge be over there . and I be too fuck tired to raise my hand ... hammond rub the side of he face . cate fall back against the patrol car . still fight for breath . the first cop lift cate ' wallet off the cadillac and look at he badge , show it to the other cop . first cop what the hell 's go on here ? cate walk over , pocket he gun . second cop I have get a burglary call . two woman say a couple of hood break into they place pose as cop . cate I be follow a lead . we roust they ... go up and sweet talk them . you can straighten it out . the first cop check out cate ' badge and i.d . first cop why do not you do it ? we get better thing to do than straighten out you mess . cate so do i. I will file a report tomorrow . the first cop take out he book , start write . he 's piss . first cop I gotta file a.. report tonight asshole ... cate go with the territory . he grab hammond and they head for the cadillac . transition . all - night gas station cadillac park behind the service area . restroom hammond look ' up at he bruise face in the mirror , then wash up . cate be one step ahead of he . he roll up a piece of the wet towel and insert it over he bleed gum . hammond too bad we get interrupt when we do . I be get ready to finish you off . cate straighten up from the wash basin . cate yeah , right . you want to try again ? hammond naw , you would just call you pal back to bail you out one more time . cate they save you ass , convict . hammond one thing 's for sure , Jack . that 's how you will tell the story . cate dry off he face , start out of the washroom . cate I will even put it in my report that way . the door close behind cate . hammond lean back toward the mirror , nudge a tooth with he finger . hammond motherfucker . gas station parking lot cate lean on the cadillac as hammond emerge . hammond start for the passenger side . cate wait a minute . hammond stop . cate ( continue ) you come clean or we be go to go again . right here , right now . pause . a long moment ; hammond decide be have no choice . hammond I be wait a long time for some money . cate how much ? hammond half a million . cate Jesus . hammond smile he meanest smile . hammond how 's that for a number to give you heart failure ? guess you might start to get the picture after all . mlaybe you be on the wrong side of the old law and order business .. cate be unmove . cate just tell I about the money . hammond I and my bunch hit a dealer in the middle of a sale . it 's the kind of money nobody ever report steal . I be sittin ' pretty , livin ' in the high cotton , then somebody finger I for another job . ... some psycho who 's out there capping people with some cop 's gun . cate he 's after you money . hammond you catch on real fast ... okay , Jack , let 's talk deal . how much of my money you gonna let I keep ? cate just look at he . hammond ( continue ) we split 50 - 50 ? cate not likely , convict . hammond you gonna let I keep any of it ? cate depend on how thing work out . I believe in the merit system . so far you have not build up any point . he smile . hammond okay , from now on , I be gonna be real good , Jack . cate smile back . cate where 's the money ? hammond in the trunk of a car . a lot better than under a mattress , right ? cate smile . cate right , partner . hammond get this . we be not partner . we be not brother . we be not friend . if ganz get away with my money , you be gonna be sorry we ever meet . cate yeah . right . they get into the caddy . boom away . transition . the cadillac move through the city ... clock on the dashboard show 4 a.m . cate at the wheel . cate ( continue ) where 's the goddamn car ? hammond you be a real case , you know that , Jack ? smile . hammond ( continue ) this will show you how smart I be . I get it park . cate ... for three year ? let 's hope it be not a tow - away zone . hammond you just drive by it . the cadillac make a screeching u- turn , i swing into the curb . cate lean out , look at ... parking build narrow , multi-story , with a garage - like open and signal ... proclaim ' weekly -monthly -long term . " cadillac cate okay , now what ? hammond get out of the car . stands on the sidewalk . stretch . then get into the back seat . hammond since you be wire on benniest you get to stay up and stare at the building . I be tired , so I be go to sleep . they take Sunday off . place open at seven o'clock Monday morning . wake I up at a quarter till ... cate stare at the place . cate you son of a bitch . you know where the money be all along and all we have to do be come here and wait . I almost get my ass blow off twice tonight for nothing . hammond I be not sure the money be still there until we see luther . you almost get you ass shot off for nothing once , not twice , Jack . cate shit . the CITY Beyond the skyline , grey streak of dawn etch the sky . transition . the cadillac be pull up face the street down the block from the parking section cate walk in through the lot entrance . thread he way between the line of park vehicle tire and haggard , he carry a paper bag fill with quick - order food . cadillac hammond stretch on the back seat . cate slam the door shut . cate I do not want you sleep on the job . hammond yawn , ease himself into a sit position . hammond the place open in five minute . ganz ought to be here soon ... cate tear the paper bag open . pass a cup of coffee and do nut back . he sip he own coffee , add some whiskey from he flask ... pop another bennie . cate you take a big chance , leave this here all this time . hammond not really . I figure ganz be put down for a long time . and I know luther would never job I on he own . he 's too chickenshit . cate guess what ? luther just get in line . hammond sit up . hammond what ? cate musta get some primo bondsman . hammond Jesus Christ . that 's a disgrace the guy pull a gun on a cop and he 's out in 24 hour . I tell you some of the court this day be just a fuck revolve door . int . parking lot build luther walk up to the window where a bored attendant read a comic book . attendant yeah ? luther I want to pick up my car . he pass across a fade form . attendant name ? luther hammond . the attendant examine the form , surprised . attendant this be three year old . luther yeah , I have be busy . the attendant open a key file , begin rummage in it . attendant we do not wash them , ya know . luther how about chargin ' the battery ? attendant that we do . and we put air in the tire . I will even sell you some gas if you need it . luther great , just great . the attendant find the key , exit the booth . luther follow to a elevate stack of car . the attendant throw a switch , the stack of car begin to move . STREET luther drive down the exit ramp in a date porsche convertible . the car be cover with a uniform coat of dust , except for the windshield which have be wipe hastily clean . luther wait for a break in the flow of traffic , drive out . another street luther turn onto a side street and then suddenly Cate 's cadillac appear ... start to tail the porsche . cadillac cate follow luther through several turn . the porsche jerk whenever it speed up or slow down . hammond Jesus Christ , look at all the dust on my car ... why in the hell do not he take it to a car wash ? cate do not know you darker people go in for foreign job . hammond I have no choice . some white asshole buy the last piece of shit skyblue cadillac . another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . int . caddy as they follow luther . cate you would think the guy be smart enough to know he be be tail . hammond tryin ' to save he girl , man . he 's in another world . cate if I be he size and have ganz on my ass , I would just leave town . hammond I be tellin ' you the man 's in love ... he want to be a hero for he girl . cate oh , yeah , do bein ' in love make you stupid ? another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . as they follow luther . cate I suppose you would never be like luther and let a woman get to you ... hammond I let woman get to I . the quest for pussy be the meaning of life ... I get my own personal philosophy about them . keep woman separate from gun , money and business ... woman be for spend money . they get nothing to do with help you make it . cate that be not philosophy . that 's common sense . another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . int . caddy as they follow luther . hammond say , do you always work people over like you do luther ? cate if they do not tell I what I need to know ... hammond do not it get ... tiring ? cate I be not in this ' cause it 's fun . I be not into hit guy ' cause it make I feel good either ... I do it ' cause it work -... hammond you get a very depress view of life , man ... you gotta smile once in awhile ... another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . int . caddy as they follow luther . cate maybe luther hope ganz will give he a piece of you money ... hammond if he 's hope that then he 's dumber than I think he be , which would be amazin ' , cause I already think he 's real dumb . another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . int . caddy as they follow luther . hammond a long time agb luther must of get the shit beat out of he so bad it just rattle he brain ... that would account for he make so many wrong move in a row ... cate yeah , it do not look like he 's gonna make it as a dangerous tough guy ... another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . int . caddy as they follow luther , hammond you know , I would be embarrassed if I let my wheel go the way you have do with this job . cate what you do not understand be , I do not give a damn about how this thing look . hammond no class ... cate class be not something ' you buy , punk . look at you , five hundred dollar suit and you be still a lowlife . another STREET the caddy follow the porsche . int . caddy as they follow luther . hammond we be get too close ... cate , what 's the matter , you be takin ' dumb pill ? cate yeah , most cop be pretty dumb ... but since you be the one that land in jail what 's that make you ? another STREET luther pull over to curb and park . cadillac suddenly swing over several lane of traffic and park in driveway of parking lot . luther - cate & hammond be p.o.v. he go to the trunk . rummages there ... pick up a flame red suit . int . cadillac cate that goddamn suit be yours ? hammond wince . hammond that be in style a couple year back , man . cate right . if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping , then you be all set . under the suit be a nondescript attache case . luther take it , close the trunk . bead down the sidewalk . cadillac hammond that 's the money , Jack . they jump out of the car , follow on foot . STREET luther hurry along the sidewalk . he reach the corner , turn quickly ... cate and hammond follow a little way behind . they pause at the corner , watch the pedestrian traffic move by . then turn down the cross street after luther . follow he down a stairwell . subway station - lobby escalator and open stairwell . luther enter and pause by the doorway . commuter crowd the counter and congregate near the stairwell . more people be seat along hard plastic seat . but no ganz . and no billy . luther move further into the station . cate and hammond enter . they keep luther fix between they , 50 foot ahead . luther seem to be wander he walk through the shop area and back toward the escalator . hammond remain near the arcade while cate blend in with the commuter . luther put the briefcase down at he foot and lean against a counter . next to he , a loud troop of Boy scout march by . a crowd of people from the train area below flow through the lobby obscure luther from hammond and cate for a moment . cate step out to get a better view and suddenly spot ganz move through the crowd toward luther . be look over at hammond across the station and motion . then they both start move in on ganz , try to intercept he before he get deeper into the crowd . ganz move cautiously through the station . a crumpled newspaper hold absently in he hand . he scan the face of the commuter and spot luther . fail to notice cate and hammond close in on he from two direction . a patrolman come up . start chat amiably with a Boy scout next to luther . ganz hesitates in he approach . he motion luther to move awaye , but luther start to panic when he see cate and hammond close in ... ganz react to luther , turn and spot the two man . he make a immediate break for open ground . the patrolman see ganz start to run . the newspaper be throw to the floor ... ganz swing cate ' .44 toward hammond . patrolman hey --you ! ganz whirl , he foot slip on the marble floor . his shot at hammond go plow into the ceiling . the crowd start to panic and run in all direction . the patrolman have al ready bring he own gun out . level it at ganz . patrolman ( continue ) put it down . billy bear suddenly appear , rosalie at he side . billy bear 's .44 blast the patrolman onto he back . ganz come up and scramble through the scream patron . he , billy and rosalie head toward the escalator . cate have already bring out he .38 ... can not get a clean shot through the chaos . hammond push he way through the crowd to cate . hammond shoot the son of bitch . cate can not risk it ... hammond ( continue ) you do not want to chance it , then give I the gun ... a moment . hammond ( continue ) bullshit . then i'm stay with the money . cate you stay with I ... hammond no way ... hammond start after luther . cate turn , start to aim at hammond . hesitates ... passenger walkway panic have overtaken everyone as they try to escape the madman with the gun . ganz and billy elbow and kick they way through the crowd , tug rosalie along ... cate , gun in hand , create further - panic as he move after ganz . ganz grab a man beside he . shove he hard into the passenger in back . the man knock over several more people create a roadblock . ganz vault over the railing and start for the train . cate lose a few more precious second grapple through the terrorize passenger ... train area the usually jamme area look like a empty stockyard . the patron huddle in fear against any available wall . cate burst out of the stairwell ... tunnel Red and green signal light . the light go red , a train roar up and the door hiss open . billy and ganz fight through the passenger get off the train , jump on board ; billy pull rosalie behind he . cate running for the door ... suddenly , a security officer appear , riot gun in hand . security officer freeze ! cate no ! no ! there they be ! security officer just put it down real slow . the train door close . cate I be a policeman , you asshole ! security officer do not even try ... now drop it or - you be all do . he mean it , point the riot gun even closer ... the train in front of he move away . cate carefully place the .38 on the pavement . then raise he hand in the air . cate shit . train station - lobby witnesses stand in nervous little knot . give version of what happen to notepad-toting patrolmen . Hospital attendant minister to various and sundry complaint . cate sit on a passenger bench , obviously deject . a voice come echoing from behind . haden cate . haden , silhouett against the light from the street . haden ( continue ) what the bell happen ? cate I lose they , that 's what happen . haden how do they get away ? cate they run . as fast as they could . caught a train . haden watch the morgue personnel wheel out the body of the patrolman . haden which one pull the trigger ? cate the indian . I be about 30 yard away . haden you could not get to he ? cate shrug . haden ( continue ) what a screw-up . cate right . I screw up . I fuck up . I mess up . anybody could have do better , especially you . I bet you be real good at hit target through crowd . haden start toward the street . look back at cate . haden do not duck the bullet cate . why do not you call in for backup instead of makin ' a grandstand play ? cate I do not have the time . haden too bad , it would have cover you ass . now you be in the shit and so 's the department . in case you have not notice , this be not we finest hour ... I tell you everyone be watchin ' on this one . maybe you better start thinkin ' about writin ' ticket off a three wheel bike . cate look at haden for a moment ... turn and walk away . transition . predmore HOTEL - night hammond across the street from predmore . stand in a phone booth talk into the receiver ... he turn and look acain at the hotel ... hang up . walk into a nearby bar . transition . vroman' rock club hammond punk dancer all over the floor . a rock group blast away ... ( " new shoe " - vocal ) hammond at a back booth ... a man ( sosna ) approach carry a small suitcase . hammond how you do , man ? sosna not bad , not bad . put the suitcase down on the table . sosna ( continue ) you want to go outside ? hammond naw , right here 's okay . dancer slide and jerk in front of they . sosna you sure ? hammond I be sure . everybody here 's look at everybody else 's ass . sosna pop open the suitcase . lid shield the content from the patron ... sosna I get some real nice merchandise . all of it 's clean . suitcase arrange like q salesman 's display case . tightly space row of handgun mount in they holster . hammond I like this one ... pocket a revolver with a deat move . hammond ( continue ) how about some ammo ? sosna it 's load ... I get some shell in here . open another compartment . hammond help himself to two box ... hammond how much ? sosna this be clean shit . no serial number and never be use ... hammond do not mess with I . how much ? sosna five bill . hammond five . on credit . sosna this be not a credit business . you know that . hammond yeah , I know that , but this be I and we be old friend . I have not get the money so what be you gonna do about it ? sosna give it back . hammond try and take it . a long moment . sosna fuck you . you get no right for this kind of play . hammond I will get you money to you . no sweat . hammond head for the bar . stands next to a good-look woman ( rita ) . nod to the barkeep . hammond ( continue ) vodka . with a twist . and I want to run a tab . served up . he knock half of it back , turn to the woman . hammond ( continue ) my name 's Reggie hammond . Big personality smile . rita so what ? she turn away as he take a drink . he look at another pretty girl ( angela ) . hammond hi there . I be Reggie hammond . angela I be with somebody . she turn away . hammond this be not my night . he drink up . transition . squad room - night several detective be work at desk . kehoe walk into the office . he move slowly to cate ' desk and slump down in a nearby chair . kehoe you look awful . cate so do you ... be a long day . kehoe Long night , too , from what I hear ... Word 's go around that in addition to lose ganz for the second time , and in addition to haden busting you back to patrolman , some jig beat the crap out of you . cate aw , bullshit , you hear wrong . kehoe do not look like it . cate nothing come in for I yet ? no call ? kehoe nothing . kehoe 's phone begin to ring . cate watch hopefully . kehoe ( continue ) kehoe ... okay , hang on . offer the phone to cate . kehoe ( continue ) it 's for you ... ordinance . cate ' excitement vanish . he take the receiver . kehoe begin to clean off he desk . cate hello ... yeah , okay . I will be in tomorrow . that 's right , you can depend on it . okay ? he slam down the receiver , lean back in the chair . cate ( continue ) bullshit red tape . kehoe I be head out . how about you ? cate shake he head . cate I get to wait for a call . kehoe okay . see you in the morning ... you know , you ought to get some rest ... he walk out the door . cate stare fixedly at the phone on the desk . hope hammond will call ... across the room another phone start to ring . cate stare at the plainclothesman who answer . plainclothesman yeah , he 's here . cate stiffen . plainclothesman ( continue ) cate ... line twelve . cate snatch up the phone , shout into it ... cate you motherfucker , where be you ? elaine in the Chronicle Restaurant and bar , a well appoint establishment off Montgomery Street . elaine I be at work , asshole . where else ? cate Elaine ! I ... I be sorry ... I be expect somebody else ... police business . elaine no wonder you be so popular . cate no , it 's I be just surprised you call . elaine so be I . elaine cate Jack , this afternoon ... hey , look , when ... elaine you first . cate look , I be sorry about ... the way thing have be lately . I know I have not be act real great ... behind cate , kehoe step back into the room . kehoe hey , cate ... cate swing around . kehoe ( continue ) I almost forget . that pal of yours from the vice squad want you to call he . cate what ? elaine Jack , be you still there ? kehoe yeah . he say he roust a bar with you last night . cate Jesus Christ . why the hell do not you tell I before ? kehoe I be not pay to take you personal call . he be in some bar . .. off duty . cate interrupt . cate the number ... what 's the goddamn number ? elaine Jack ? what be that ? kehoe find it yourself . it 's on my desk . cate speak back into the receiver . cate Elaine , I gotta put you on hold ... elaine Jack , wait ... cate just a second , that 's all ! he hit the bold button , start rummage through the desk . paperwork scatter in all direction . kehoe watch he in silence for awhile then leave . cate begin to dial . cate ( continue ) hammond ... you son of a bitch , where be you ? listen for a moment . vroman' rock club hammond on the phone as the band rock away . ( monkey mash - track only ) hammond hey , Jack , how ya doin ' ? what take you so long to call , man ? I be waitin' ... I be at vroman 's up in the Fillmore . yeah , vroman 's ... ' course you do not hang out here ; it 's for the brother . squad room cate I will be there in a minute . you do not move you ass , right ? slam down the phone . start toward the door . remember ... he dash back to the phone , hit the other line . hear only a buzz . cate ( continue ) oh , shit . transition . vroman' rock club Band blast away on another number ( the boy be back in town - vocal ) hammond now in the middle of the floor dance he ass off with a girl name candy . as the song end ... hammond my name 's Reggie hammond . tries he big personality smile . this time get one back . candy I be candy ... hammond Excuse I , baby , but if i do not get some action tonight , I be gonna bust . you interested ? candy hey , what kind of talk be that ? hammond oh ... you be a schoolteacher ... candy no , I go to a school to learn how to do hair . it 's a government program . but really I want to be a model - and I be definitely not sellin ' . hammond ( humorously ) Goodbye . she stop he . candy hey , do not you think a hair stylist get any interest in gettin ' it on ? hammond here you go sweetheart , throw it my way . he give she a kiss . candy you be in a hurry . hammond yeah , i be wait three year . candy you just quit bein ' a priest or somethin' ? hammond no , baby , nothin ' like that . look , there 's a place across the street . we can go right over there ... candy what 's the matter with my place ? hammond no , it 's gotta be here and now . believe I . only I do not have the damn money for a room ... the band start up again . ( " love song be for crazies " - vocal ) candy yeah , well , even we non- pro expect the guy to pay for the room ... cate suddenly appear ... step between they . yell above the band 's noise . cate where 's luther ? hammond be polite . say hello . this be candy . cate hello . and goodbye . she look at hammond . he nod . candy well , maybe I will see you later ... hammond here 's hope , baby ... candy leave and melt into the crowd on the dance floor . cate what about luther ? hammond what about ganz ? cate shrug . cate we miss . hammond you miss ... luther take a taxi to the hotel across the street . make a phone call . cate maybe we should pay luther a visit . hammond let he get some sleep . he 's go to need it . they move to the bar . hammond ( continue ) they must have set up a meeting for the morning ; luther leave a 8 be wake - up and put up the " do not disturb " sign . he 's trading he girl for the money . all we have to do to grab ganz be not go blind . cate so you take the rest of the night off ... hammond smile . hammond we do not have too many cheerleader in prison . I though I might indulge myself in a little trim . cate order two drink . cate tell I something . why do not you just take the money off luther and split ? hammond forget it . I want ganz as bad as you do and I get some other news for you ... he open he jacket slightly . reveal a shoulder holster and accompany .45 . a long moment . cate I do not know why , but I be go to let you keep it . maybe because you tell I you have it , or maybe just because I be too tired to argue ... hammond you sure that 's the reason ? pause . cate thanks for callin ' in ... and I guess maybe ... look , I be sorry I call you watermellon nigger ... that kind of thing . I be just leanin ' on ya , doin ' my job . hammond bein ' good at you job do not explain everything , Jack ... cate yeah . guess not . hammond give he a big smile . hammond as long as you be feel like abe lincoln , how about payin ' I on we bet ? we get time and all this pussy around here 's drivin ' I crazy . see that one over there , the one I be with ... he nod at candy across the way . cate yeah , I see she . hammond I can just take she right across the street to luther 's hotel . all I need be some money for the room . hammond ( continue ) Big smile as cate produce some cash . hammond count it eagerly . look around . candy suddenly appear like a trout see a lure . she grab the money . candy hello , again . hammond I just strike it rich ... I think we can do a little business . as a matter of fact , I think we can have a party . hammond smile , lead she out of the bar . cate hurry back . cate watch they go , downs he drink . he fish in he pocket for a coin , move to a wall phone . dial ... chronicle restaurant bar - night a cocktail waitress answer the phone as Elaine pour a drink . cocktail waitress it 's for you . hand she the receiver . elaine hello . cate hi , it 's I ... elaine fuck you . she slam down the receiver . sidewalk - front of vroman be - night hammond and candy exit the rock club . a line of young punker wait to get inside ... hammond and candy be in a tight clinch , a little giggly . candy so ... what do you have in mind ? suddenly , hammond see luther emerge from the predmore across the street . hammond oh no , not now ! luther move down the street with the briefcase . hammond pull candy back inside vroman 's . vroman' rock club - bar rock group still blast away ... ( love song be for crazies - vocal continue ) hammond and candy reappear , knock aside a waitress about to refill cate ' drink . cate that be quick . hammond when you be in prison three year , it do not take long . let 's go . cate why ? hammond luther 's on the move ... cate jump up , run out . hammond look at candy . hammond ( continue ) I will be back . trust I . he kiss she . run off after cate . she stare at he in disbelief . STREET light luther check over he shoulder for shadow , walk down the block . turn into a narrow street . a bus stop luther wait , impatient . check he watch . look up and down the street . he double - check the bus stop sign over he head . just as a bus pull to a stop , air brake hiss ... luther get in . see that the driver be billy bear ... bus the bus start up . luther hesitates in the front . on the wide rear seat be ganz . rosalie beside he . ganz open you coat . both side . he show he 's not pack . luther let she go . ganz first , the money . luther take a step . ganz ( continue ) just show I . luther put the case on a side seat , open it for display . another bus stop commuter look up expectantly . one of two drift toward the curb . jump back in alarm as the bus roar by . bus ganz be satisfied . luther close the case . luther rosalie , you okay ? ganz what be you talkin ' about ? I say I would not hurt she . and then he shoot luther . right between the button . ganz ( continue ) I never break my word . laugh as rosalie begin to scream . cate ' caddy barrel down the street , ignore red light . hammond shout over the wind . hammond notice something funny about that bus ? cate yeah . it miss the last four stop . cate pour on the gas . billy bear his eye fall on the rear view mirror . a white caddy dance in the vibrate glass . billy look over he shoulder at ganz . billy ganz ! the caddy swerves into cross traffic , make a big press forward . come abreast of the driver 's side of the bus . ganz smash a side window with the two handgun . blast away . cate drive with one hand as he draw he gun . cate look up as glass shard sparkle down . he speed up ... he be neck and neck with the bus . hammond have a clear shot of billy bear who give a side glance at he ; hammond do not shoot ... cate slow down and fire ... billy be hit in the shoulder . ganz run up and fire again ... hammond be hit in the arm . cate grab hammond by the shirt . yank he close . throw the wheel over ... caddy swerves as bullet pepper the passenger side . stuff fly out of hammondis still warm seat . the right hand window explode . then the caddy spin out . the bus roar away ... the caddy skid into a traffic sign , demolosh some newspaper machine . cate curse , try to start the car . the engine will not turn over . he look at the distant bus . cate goddamn ! goddamn ! goddamn ! pound on the dash . what 's leave of the windshield fall in at the impact . transition . squad room - night cate at he desk . hammond seat nearby , now with a bandage arm . haden in front of cate , furious . haden a bus , you goddamn whiskey mick cop , you lose a steal bus ... we get five death related to ganz , all of them law enforcement related , and you blow it for a lousy nigger convict ... cate say nothing ... haden ( continue ) that 's rights I call he a nigger . you bet I do ... I see the report on that little piece of shit . if he spend one legal day in he whole life , it would be a record ... this be it for you ... suspension , review board ... you have have it . when it get 'round you protect a con rather than nail a cop killer ... cate stand up . cate he 's get more brain and more gut in one corner of he asshole than any cop I have work with . haden just cause you say it with conviction do not mean shit to I ... how you gonna take to a pink slip , huh ?. cate stand . move to hammond . handcuffs himself to he . haden ( continue ) where the Christ do you think you be go ? cate I be take my prisoner back to jail . hammond look at haden . hammond goin ' a little hard on he , be not you ? haden go fuck yourself convict . hammond you know for a man , you have very pretty brown eye . cate and hammond walk out . underground parking lot - police station - night cate and hammond walk stoically along a row of car , arrive at hammond 's porsche . hammond hey , how would my car get here ? cate I have it impound . come on , we will use it for haulin ' you back to the slam . hammond back to jail in my own car . ganz get away . get all my money . it just do not seem right . cate I do not know about you , but I could use a drink ... I will buy you one . it will be my good - bye present . take off hammond 's cuff . look at they .. throw they away . hammond sorry we do not do better , Jack . I feel like I let you down . cate naw , you do not let I down . it be a long shot all the way . we give them a good run at it . hammond yeah , but we do not get them . they get in and drive off . transition . ext . CITY STREET - night the porsche blast by ... this man want a drink . transition . chronicle restaurant and bar - night cate and hammond walk in . it 's late , the place be almost empty . the bartender be a woman with she back to they confer with a waitress about something . hammond it 's late , they be close ... cate do not worry about it . the barmaid turn around to take they order . it 's Elaine . elaine hey , I do not believe it . cate hiya , kid . elaine I ought to have you and you friend throw out ... cate do not . we have have a hard night . elaine I can see that . pardon I for say so , but you look like shit . what happen ? cate we and my pal here have be take it on the chin for the last few hour ... hammond look at she . he nudge cate . elaine who the hell be you ? hammond name 's hammond , Reggie hammond . I hear a lot about you . and any friend of Jack 's be a friend of mine . give she a big smile . elaine I be not so sure I can say the same thing ... you do not look like a cop . hammond well , I be workin ' the other side of the street for the last few year . and you do not exactly look like a shrink , wearin ' that dress ... elaine shrink major , not a shrink . she pour three glass of cognac . a straggler at the end of the bar pipe up . straggler hey , lady , a drink here . elaine we be close . straggler hey , what the hell ? Elaine turn to he ; it 's short and sweet . elaine drink you drink , pay up and get out . straggler you can not do this . it 's against ... elaine hey , just fuck off . my friend have gun . cate hold up he pistol . the man 's eye widen and he turn he angry move toward she into a skedaddle out of the bar . Elaine finish drying a glass and approach . elaine ( continue ) you real down ? cate I have be better ... Dead end . no ganz , no indian . he finish he drink , put down the glass . cate ( continue ) I gotta call the station . look back at hammond ... cate ( continue ) do not run off anywhere , okay ? I have already get enough to worry about . move away . hammond hard man to live with . elaine how would you know ? hammond hey , two day with he be enough . elaine that 's no bull . she look at he carefully . they both grin . cate in the phone booth . cate be there any report ... no ... just tell I ... nothing .. yeah I figure ... okay , sure . hang up . elaine and hammond cate return ... cate nothing . no sign of ganz . no sign of the indian . Airport 's clean . train station . Bus station . dock ... shit ... elaine ganz be go to be hard to track . just a pure schizo ... wire all cross ... totally without any pattern ... kill anybody ... the indian ... himself ... anybody ... cate how do you know ? elaine Jack , it 's all over the papers . he 's a obvious type . but this indian ... hammond cut in . hammond he be the only one of my bunch that be my friend ... he be loyal , go all the way for you ... elaine in all due respect , he sound kind of pathetic to I . the kind of guy that run home to he momma or some girlfriend . have you two ace detective check that out ? cate yeah , well the only woman of the indian 's we run into be shack up with she dyke girlfriend . I guess she go with he before she come outta the closet ... they both look mad enough to kill he ... hammond yeah , too bad . they be real nice lookin ' too ... in bed together , hardly any clothes one watch tv ... elaine what make you think they be lesbian , or as you so quaintly put it , dyke ? cate come on , they be a little old for a slumber party . elaine it might pay to reexamine a few of you more primitive notion . I be in bed with a girlfriend watch tv last week , Jack , and one thing we know about I be I happen not to be a lesbian ... now , if this indian 's girlfriend get upset when you come look for he , it could just be she 's still vulnerable to he . cate so what ? elaine when a guy hurt you , then come back bleed on he hand and knee , who know , he might just be irrestible . cate hey , come on , shrink time 's over . they would not go see some old girlfriend . elaine oh , yeah , well look where you come when you be down and out . hammond she 's get a point there , Jack . smile . cate reflect for a moment . cate it 's the only thing we get . he look at Elaine . cate ( continue ) whaddya think ? elaine what do I know ? I be just a bartender . cate let 's go , Reggie . he kiss Elaine . hammond do I get to kiss she too ? cate if she 's right , and if you do not screw up . they exit the bar . transition . ext . STREET - chinatovin - night cate and hammond hide in a doorway which afford they a good view of the alley landing to casey and Sally 's apartment . hammond what if you girl 's theory turn out to be bullshit ? I mean , they could be in Rio de Janeiro . cate I have get to play it rough with they . if they know anything , I be gonna know it . a woman appear , turn out to be casey carry a shopping bag . hammond hey , there she be ... cate whatever play I maker just back I up . hammond if we run into billy first , let I try and talk he in . cate sure , I will give you a shot at it , but ganz be mine . you know , that big indian play it for keep ... hammond yeah , and I know ganz sure be not no sweetheart ... I would not like it if this partnership end before it get start . cate partnership ? hammond well , you get to admit we come a long way . cate give he a smile . cate let 's just do it . apartment stairwell as casey open the door and start toward the .stair , cate and hammond come through the door and grab she . they be now on the ground floor stairwell . cate I hear you have get visitor . casey would you guy ... cate no time for any of that crap any more , lady ... I will rip you lung out if you do not answer fast . cate have she by the shoulder and arm ; he twist she like a vise ... hammond he mean it ... she look at cate , know hammond 's correct . casey do not kill he . please , just do not kill he . a long moment . cate you and the other one , you be still billy 's girl . you always be he girl ... casey yeah . sure , i'm crazy in love with he , who would not be ... cate you be gonna help we take he . casey no chance . cate he can live or die ... you let we in and he 's get a chance to make it . otherwise , he get ventilate . casey 's face be sear with pain at the think of billy die . hammond if you help use he 's get a chance , lady . casey billy 's in the first room off the hall ... with rosalie ... he 's makin ' she happy tonight . you do not understand about the way it be with he , do ya ? cate where 's ganz ? casey in the back . down the other corridor . cate look at Reggie . cate look like you be gonna get you chance . they move upward ... int . apartment - night cate be stealthily go to the end of the second corridor of the kitchen and live room area . that corridor turn at a sharp angle and go to the back . hammond be at the very front of that first corridor ..at a door ... he shove it back . int . first bedroom there be a bed and rosalie , undress , be in it ... billy be seat on the edge of it ... pants on , shirt off , pull on he boot . suddenly , hammond be point a gun at he ... hammond give it up , billy . you get no shot at it . billy stand . rosalie do not let he hurt meet billy . you be not gonna let them hurt I , be ya ? billy he will not hurt you . he be not gonna do nothin ' to you , he 's just after I . hammond I be tellin ' ya , billy , give it up . billy I never be much for bein ' rehabilitated . billy look at hammond . with lightning sudden quickness , he reach and produce a huge bowie knife from behind he back . billy smile , laugh ... then with a sudden , awful roar , he leap at hamnond who unflinchingly fire he pistol . the big slug stop billy cold and throw he back against the bed as rosalie shriek . int . back bedroom ganz , half - dress , asleep , gun in hand , throw himself off the bed , push Sally out of the way ... open the door and start fire furiously down the corridor ... he grab the briefcase and run to the window . int . corridor / dooway to back bedroom cate have duck the bullet ... he be inching toward the door ... he pull it open ... ganz from the window fire another shot which almost get he then vanish down the fire escape ... int . back bedroom Sally get to she feett yell , run at cate as he appear and futilely try to hit he .... he throw she down on the bed as if she be a doll ... he go to the window ... ext . FIRE escape ganz peel down the fire escape hit the ground . he stop for a second ... then cate appear , ganz fire a shot then start to run . cate keep come ... int . first bedroom hammond hear the gunfire , run out of the room ... cate dive down the fire escape . bathroom hammond enter to find it empty of ganz and cate , only Sally cry hysterically ... he run out . ext . chinatown STREET ganz run out the back alley ... cate pursue ... alley hammond run down the stair toward the front of the building . ext . STREET ganz run , turn out of a alley onto a street baked with neon light . cate pursue . ext . front of casey' build hammond run out , turn down the adjoin street . cate follow ganz , hold he in sight , but unable to get a shot off ... parallel STREET hammond run down a street near the one where ganz be be chase ... MAIN STREET cate fire at ganz ... ganz duck in a doorway ... hammond on he street hear the shot ... he run toward it , down a narrow alley between two building .... ext . doorway at end of alley ganz hear footstep approach from the opposite direction of cate . they move very close to where be be crouch ... it be hammond come toward he ... ganz suddenly roll a garbage can in he path , drop he like a stone . cate come toward where he expect to find ganz ... ganz have he arm around hammond 's throat and he gun to he ear ... ganz Drop it ... you come up against I , you be gonna lose ... hammond drop he gun . ganz ( continue ) hey , cop , come on ...l get something for ya ... come on ... ext . MAIN STREET cate come out of the doorway from which he 's fire ... and come into the middle of the street , gun up ... he put it down when he see ganz with hammond in jeopardy . the hand that 's around hammond 's throat also hold the black bag . cate walk forward , he gun down at he side ... ganz after I get outta this , cop ... I be gonna live forever ... cate I do not think you be gonna make it . ganz whaddya mean ... I get you gun ... I get he money ... I get everything ... hammond give up . he 's crazy . he will kill we both . cate still walk ... ganz he will not try it . he 's a fuck chickenshit cop . they be all fuck wimp , right , cate ? they be now closer to each other . ganz hold hammond and the money ... ganz ( continue ) okay , cop ... give I you gun and I will let he live . come on , cate , you be real good at give up you gun . cate keep the same methodical pace ... cate sure ... suddenly , he crouch and fire twice . hammond twist as ganz also fire . ganz be hit in the collarbone and drive ten foot backward . his grip on hammond drop , hammond dive to the ground , look at cate . hammond Jesus Christ , I do not think you would really do it . you be crazy . ganz ' gun still in he hand , but he arm useless at he side . cate be freeze in the crouch , ready to fire again . ganz be in enormous pain hold he bleed chest ... a look of childish disbelief pass over he face . ganz I get hit . I can not believe it . I get shot . cate you be do . end of story . ganz I be not gonna beg for my life . it be not cool . he run at cate full - speed , scream , roaring , then be stop by two more bullet that tear fist-size hole in he chest . cate rise from he crouch . take he gun out of ganz ' now lifeless hand . then go over to hammond ... hammond your ? cate raise the pistol . cate mine ... pause . cate ( continue ) you okay ? hammond yeah . but I be not there for a second . cate you do pick a real strange time to go and be brave all on you own ... hammond smile . hammond just tryin ' to get the money , Jack . just tryin ' to build up a few point on that merit system . cate smile back , pick up the black bag as they move off . transition . elaine's bathroom cate in the tub , steam rush from the water . Elaine sit on the porcelain edge as he splashes and soap ... elaine how would they take it back at headquarters ? cate usual bullshit . you make one smart move and everybody want to be you friend ... you know something ' , shootin ' guy suck . especially compare to this . elaine I have be wait a long time to hear you say that . cate yeah , bein ' a hard - ass all the time be a real drag , but it work . he reach out , lift he watch from he pile of clothes on the floor . cate ( continue ) Three more hour ... elaine where be he ? cate Promised I would turn my back while he ... ah , never mind ... elaine tell I . cate he 's takin ' care of the same business I will be takin ' care of - soon as I dry off . Elaine smile , lean close . elaine you be impossible ... cate that 's what I always say . transition . candy room - night minimal crummy hotel room accommodation ... hammond be kissing she at the door , finish buttone all he button . he reach for a wallet , give she several bill . hammond here you go , baby . candy hey , do not do that . I say I be not a pro , remember ? hammond hey , no , I be tryin ' to be nice . buy yourself something pretty . I would do it , but I get to go . I get this cop waitin ' for I ... they kiss ... it 's pretty romantic ... she open the door for he . corridor she stand at the top of the stair ; as hammond walk down , he call back to she over he shoulder ... hammond I will be back in six month ... maybe I will make a honest woman of you . he give she a big sniile . hammond ( continue ) I will buy ya the best dinner in San Francisco ... how would that be ? then we will go dancin ' , okay ? candy now you be talkin' . see ya ... he move off , still smile , hold the black briefcase ... STREET - night on a picturesque hill above the Haight . cate stand near the wheel of hammond 's porsche . hammond come down the porch step from the hotel . cate okay , reggie , start bustin ' my chop ... tell I how great you be with that chick . hammond hey , Jack , real man do not have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I be fantastic . as a riatter of fact , I be so good , I may have my cock do in bronze . cate hold up the black briefcase . cate I guess this be what you want to talk about ... all the pretty money that 's inside here . cate take the case to the trunk , open it , deposit the case , lock the trunk . hammond wait a minute , cate . I have be waitin ' three year for that . I do not think it 's fair , man . what about the merit system .? you be gonnna give I a few thousand . cate there 's nothin ' to talk about . another long exchange of look . then be hand hammond the key to the trunk . cate ( continue ) it 's you money . it will be here in six month when you get out . hammond and you be tellin ' I you do not want any of this cash ? cate that 's right . not my style , Reggie .. hammond you be a awesomely weird cop . sure wish there be more like you runnin ' around out here . cate no , you do not . if I ever get word of you steppin ' over the line again , I be gonna ventilate that suit of yours . hammond spare meet Jack . I be into legit investment from here on in . cate give he a very skeptical look , as they head for the car . hammond get in behind the wheel , cate on the passenger side . cate take out a cigarette , start to light it . hammond take the match do it for he . cate thanks . hammond no trouble , Jack . but , listen , suppose I stay a crook ? where would you get the idea that you could catch I ? they both smile . hammond sock it into gear and they drive off into the far distance ... end .