50/50 ( I 'm with cancer ) written by will reiser 7/2/08 fade in : open title sequence ext . san diego - day it 's another picture perfect day in San Diego . the beach , golf course , and yacht club be pack with hundred of rapturous citizen . ext . bus stop - day a bus pull up and unload it 's passenger . we follow adam schwartz ( 25 ) , a kind face , mild mannered , pragmatist - who despite he youth have the cynicism of a old man . he step off the bus , cross the street and approach mount sinai hospital . int . mount sinai hospital - day Adam enter the Hospital . the mood be calm . all the chaos one would expect to find in a hospital of this size be tuck away behind the sterile and monochrome wall . Adam walk to the reception counter . the receptionist be engross with the latest edition of US weekly . she ignore Adam who just stand there awkwardly , unsure of what to do . Adam give out a small cough to grab she attention . the receptionist keep she eye fix on she magazine . receptionist can I help you ? adam I have a appointment . receptionist name ? adam Adam schwartz . the receptionist say nothing . Adam stand silent , not know what to do . he cough again . annoy , the receptionist look up but say nothing . 2 . adam ( cont 'd ) ( confuse ) um , be I suppose to go somewhere ? with she eye the receptionist point to the wait area . adam ( cont 'd ) oh , should I go sit ? the receptionist roll she eye and return to she magazine . Adam look around the empty wait room . he take a seat and browse through a dozen outdated magazine : highlight , time , life , modern maternity , etc . only moment later , as though he have not just introduce himself , the receptionist call out : receptionist Adam schwartz . Adam look around the wait room . there 's no one else there . again the receptionist call out again - receptionist ( cont 'd ) Adam schwartz . adam yeah , that 's I . receptionist follow I . the receptionist lead Adam to a small change room and hand he a hospital gown . receptionist ( cont 'd ) put this on . adam do I need to take off all my clothes ? the receptionist stare blankly at Adam . adam ( cont 'd ) I will figure it out . the receptionist leave . Adam awkwardly undress and slip on the hospital gown . unsure which end of the gown be the front , Adam adjust the garment a few time until he decide he have it right . Adam pull back the curtain of the change room to find joanne , a overly cheery nurse . 3. nurse joanne hi Adam , my name be joanne , so nice to meet you . Adam scratch he chest , the hospital gown be beginning to irritate he skin . adam you do not happen to have anything in a cotton blend ? nurse joanne ( laugh ) cotton . you be funny . joanne hand Adam a giant specimen cup mark with a thick yellow line . nurse joanne ( cont 'd ) now I be go to need you to fill this cup with urine . you think you can do that ? adam you want I to fill this entire cup . joanne yup . Adam look down at the cup in total disbelief . adam it 's gonna take I at least a week to fill this . can I take it home ? joanne ( laugh ) take it home . you be so funny . the camera pan to reveal a group of medical student take diligent note in the background . we pan again this time to the next room : int . hospital . bathroom Adam struggle to fill the cup . after a few beat , there 's a knock on the door . joanne ( o.s. ) you okay in there Adam ? 4. adam just another minute . Adam look down at the empty cup in frustration . the camera pan to the next room : int . hospital . x-ray room Adam stand in front of a X - Ray machine . the apathetic technician have he stand in a dozen uncomfortable position for long period of time : sideways , one arm in the air , then the other arm , on one leg , then the other , one leg in the air , then the other , and so on . again we see the group of Medical student take note . the camera pan to the next room : int . hospital . examining room joanne pull out a giant needle . joanne here come the choo-choo ! in the back we see the Med student still take note . the camera pan to the next room : int . hospital . mri room Adam be lie on the gurney of a mri machine . he be slowly draw into the enclose body scanner . technician ( authoritatively ) now make sure you lie completely still . otherwise we will have to do it all over again . which we be not go to have to do , right ? int . hospital . mri room - later Adam lie perfectly still in the enclose body scanner . adam hello ? be anybody out there ? there 's no one there . he 's be leave unattend . the mri technician be watch the laker game in the next room . 5 . adam ( cont 'd ) I have to pee . the Med student continue to take note . end open title sequence ext . san diego - evening through the window of the hospital the camera pull out and pan across the San Diego skyline . we watch as the Sun set to night , then rise to morning ... ext . san diego beach - morning super : JUNE it 's a gray morning as the thick spring fog slowly begin to lift . with no one in sight , the only sound that can be hear be that of the wave crash onto the shoreline and then roll back out to the Pacific Ocean . about a mile inland , we come upon : ext . grand view gate community - day row of identical two and three bedroom town house with lawn groom to perfection fill the community . this be Southern California suburbia . the sound of the wave crash get increasingly louder and louder as we push in on : int . adam' house - continuous the interior of Adam 's house be spotless . picture on the wall : Adam and he dad sailing . Adam and he parent at he bar mitzvah . Adam and he best friend , Seth , at High School graduation . a University of Berkeley hat . a National academic Achievement Award in the Sciences . curle in a fetal position , Adam sleep peacefully next to rachel ( 25 ) , he loving girlfriend . cute , charming , and artsy , Rachel be " winnie Cooper " all grow up . the sound of the wave crash stop abruptly . a loud obnoxious alarm clock go off . startle , Adam jump up . drenched in sweat , and completely disorient , he look around in confusion . 6 . after a moment , Adam pull a earplug out of each ear , and turn off the alarm . the sound of the crash wave turn back on . Adam push a button on the alarm clock and the sound of the wave stop , but the loud obnoxious alarm return . he push the clock again . the alarm turn off but now we hear the sound of cricket chirp . again Adam push a button , this time we hear the sound of a loud thunder / rain storm , he push a button again , this time we hear the sound of loud clanging church bell . Rachel roll over - rachel ( asleep and incoherent ) make it stop . adam ( whisper ) it will not turn off . frustrate , Adam try push all the button . this only make it worse . we hear all of the previous sound simultaneously sound off . Rachel roll over and moan as she put a pillow over she head . adam ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) sorry . Adam reach down and unplug the alarm clock , bring a end to the noise . he sit for a moment at the edge of the bed , collect himself . Adam look down at Rachel and begin kissing she neck . rachel mmmmm . Rachel gently stroke she finger through Adam 's hair . something catch she attention - a single strand of hair . she hold it up . rachel ( cont 'd ) oh my god . adam what ? rachel I think you have a gray hair . adam really ? rachel I be gonna pull it out . 7. adam no ! do not touch it . Adam jump from bed . he rush into the bathroom . Rachel roll back to sleep . int . bathroom - continuous Adam stand in front of the mirror and search for the gray hair . once he find it , he hold it out for a closer look . it be in fact a gray hair . he smile . int . bathroom - moment later as Adam shower , he try to squirt shampoo into he hand , but the bottle be empty . he look over at Rachel 's large assortment of shower product , find one that smell pleasant , fructis by l'oreal , and squirt some into he hair . he then proceed to lather he entire body in the product . int . bedroom closet - moment later Adam dress in front of the bathroom mirror . his outfit be well put together , but not what you would expect of someone he age - more of a Mr. Rogers look . he pull out a lint brush and meticulously comb he cardigan . ext . adam' house - later seth ( 25 ) , pull up in front of Adam 's house in he white neon and honk the horn . on the bumper be a sticker : " let 's put the Christ back in Christmas . " overweight , well dress , and wear a air of confidence , Seth pull out a massive joint , light it and take a hit . just then Seth look over at 3 young school child and they mother wait for the school bus . the mother 's jaw be on the ground in shock . Seth hide the joint and smile in embarrassment . seth hi kid . beautiful day be not it ? the mother quickly move she kid out of sight . Adam approach Seth 's car . he spot he neighbor andrew and missy donnelly ( late 40' ) get into they car . they wave to Adam . 8. andrew hey Adam . adam ( seem annoyed ) hey Andrew . andrew sorry about the noise last night . Adam shrug as if to say " what the fuck ? " Andrew and missy giggle as they get into they car . int . seth's car - continuous Adam get into the car . seth yo. adam yo. seth ... what 's that smell ? ( sniff adam ) be you wear perfume ? adam no . seth well , you smell like the cast of steel magnolias . adam ( smell himself ) I run out of shampoo . I have to use Rachel 's . seth for a second there I think maybe you would fuck olympia dukakis . Adam try to close he window . the child safety lock be on . adam can you unlock my window ? there 's a lot of pollen in the air . Seth ignore Adam and turn up the music . 9. adam ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) seriously , my allergy be flaring up . it feel like my nasal cavity be on fire . Adam begin to clear he throat , Seth turn the music even louder . seth sorry music 's too loud , it 's make it hard for I to hear you whining . int . coffee shop - later we see the morning bustle as business men and women stand in line wait for they morning coffee . Adam and Seth stand at the end of that line watch the young couple in front of they who can not keep they hand off of each other . seth I do not get it , that guy be clearly a total douchebag ... he 's wear capris ! adam Rachel and I use to be like that ; like two wild animal in heat ... ( thinks ) I guess it be only natural though , as we get older , more mature , thing begin to slow down . ( beat ) sex every three week be normal ? right ? seth ( in SHOCK ) you have not have sex in three week ? adam ( shrug ) you think maybe she 's mad cause I have not ask she to move in ? seth what the fuck be you talk about ? I do not think she 's wait for you to ask anything . you be use she shampoo . next thing you will be use she tampon . 10 . Seth laugh at he own joke . seth ( cont 'd ) but seriously , let I get this straight - she have she own place , yet she spend every night with you , in you bed , but she will not sleep with you ? adam it 's not that big a deal . seth so when do it become a big deal ? five week ? six week ? a year ? my cut off ... 4 day . that 's when I begin to worry . adam do you realize how lucky I be to be with Rachel ? seth look around , there be like a million Rachel 's in this city alone ... well , she 's kind of hot , so maybe half a million . adam but they be not Rachel . I do not know how to explain it , but be with she just feel right . and I be not go to overlook that just cause we be in a lull . seth my parent be in a lull , which be what happen after 35 year of marriage . you have only be dating she four month . at we age sex be all we have . every time she refuse to sleep with you a small piece of every man 's soul die . she 's kill we Adam ... you be a semi - smart , semi-successful , semi - average look dude . just base on that you could get with at least one third of the female population . Adam and Seth step up to the counter . they be greet by the super gay barista , who love he job way too much . barista Morning gentleman . 11 . seth ( to barista ) would you sleep with my friend . barista like , right now ? seth no just in general . barista yeah , I would fuck he . the barista yell to demetri , the other barista . barista ( cont 'd ) hey demetri , ( re : adam ) fuckable ? demetri examine Adam . he 's not impressed with what he see . demetri I would let you blow I . seth ( to adam ) see this be what I be say . the barista hand Seth and Adam two cup of coffee , they each leave a dollar . int . san diego museum of natural history - later Adam and Seth enter the museum . they pass jenny ( 30 ) at the information desk . seth and adam good morning Jenny . Jenny ignore they . seth ( under breath ) I love you . phil ( 60 ) , the museum 's vivacious director approach . phil salutation gentleman . phil sniff the air and look at Adam . 12. phil ( cont 'd ) be you wear perfume ? adam it 's Rachel 's shampoo . phil go in for a closer sniff . then a even closer sniff . Adam look uncomfortable . phil ( declarative ) fructis by l'oreal . ( impressed ) my wife use that . ( to seth ) what be you wear ? Seth 's eye open wide as phil go in for a sniff . phil ( cont 'd ) what be that ? seth ah , mothball ? Seth spot a group of second grader with they teacher assemble by the entrance . seth ( cont 'd ) look like my group be here . Seth slap on a button that read " docent " and rush off to greet the student . seth ( cont 'd ) see you guy later . phil turn to Adam . phil how 's the origins exhibit come along ? adam we be almost do with Upper paleolithic . phil I be count on you not to screw up . ( look into Adam 's eye ) you be the only one I can trust . ( beat ) ( more ) 13. phil ( cont 'd ) the board be talk about bring in sponsor ... we be a die art Adam . phil stare into Adam 's eye for what feel like a eternity . it 's incredibly awkward . adam phil ? phil yeah ? adam I should probably get to work . phil that 's probably a good idea . phil look at the clock - 10 a.m . phil ( cont 'd ) I think I be gonna go to lunch . phil wander off . int . museum . origins of man exhibit - later Adam and greg ( 45 ) , Adam 's slightly moronic co-worker , place the finish touch on the cro magnon exhibit - it 's a elaborate life size diorama depict the life of a family of four cro magnon . outside they hut it 's snow , but inside there 's a large fire and decorative horse drawing on the wall . the man instruct he son to paint as the woman teach she daughter to sew . we see greg positioning the fossil of a velociraptor next to the mother and daughter . the dinosaur look poise to pounce . Adam notice . adam greg . what be you do ? greg it 's a velociraptor . adam where do it come from ? greg the dinosaur exhibit . ( off Adam 's look ) why can not we just say it be the first domesticate pet ?... people love dinosaur . 14 . Adam cringe in frustration . adam greg you can not just ... that 's a 75 million year old fossil ... just please , put it away before someone see it . greg reluctantly go to put the dinosaur away . he flap the dinosaur 's arm in the air - wave goodbye to Adam . Seth lead he tour of second grader . he speak like a tour guide at universal studios . seth come up here on we leave be the " origins of man " exhibit on loan from the smithsonian Institute . it will not be open to the public for a few more month , so you be one of the first group to see it . ( spot adam ) Adam ! Adam look up . he hate this part of he job . seth ( cont 'd ) everyone this be Adam , he 's the curator of ancient civilization here at the museum . Adam give a reluctant wave . adam hey kid . seth ( to adam ) why do not you tell we what we be look at . adam ( begrudgingly ) this here be a family of homo sapien who live in Europe about 25,000 year 's ago ... in excitement , the kid move in for a closer look . unaffect , the teacher stay back and file she nail . 15 . adam ( cont 'd ) ... this cro magnon 's as they be often call , be the close in the evolutionary chain to modern day human ... kid 1 touch the cro magnon father . still talk , Adam step in and move kid 1 's hand off . adam ( cont 'd ) ... what make cro magnon so advanced be they sense of community ... they be the first to settle on a single plot of land , devote to one partner , raise a family , and take care of the sick . kid 1 ( to seth ) this be lame ! I think you say we be gonna see dinosaur . greg ( to adam ) see , I tell you . damage control . Seth point to a life size neanderthal man hold a spear . seth ( in excitement ) who want to hear about the caveman ? Seth pick up the spear and pretend to charge Adam . seth ( cont 'd ) caveman . rrrrrr ! the kid cheer . annoy , Adam take the spear out of Seth 's hand . adam this be homo neanderthalensis - the neanderthal man . for over 150,000 year he ancestor dominate all of Europe . but then about 30,000 year ago , neanderthals begin to disappear , until one day , they entire civilization be go . 16 . greg what happen ? adam greg you know what happen . greg I do ? seth come on ! tell we what happen to the caveman . adam well no one know for sure . but it 's suspect that because neanderthal be a nomadic huntsman , he roam the land , only fend for himself - never learn to cohabitate with other . so as cro magnon family settle into Europe , they take over the land . one by one , neanderthal be push out ... and never see , or hear from again . seth ( game show voice ) that 's quite a story . thank you Adam . Seth and Adam look at the kid , they look bored . seth ( cont 'd ) ( quietly to Adam ) you really know how to win a crowd . adam ( to the kid ) but you never know , just cause they vanish do not mean they be go . for all we know , there could be a neanderthal walk among we right now . and by the look of this guy here - ( point at neanderthal ) I would say he probably play defense for the raider . Adam 's joke get a small laugh from the teacher , but zero response from the kid . kid 1 this suck ass . 17 . Adam and Seth look at each other in shock ... Seth chime in - seth I see dinosaur . Seth run down the hall towards the dinosaur exhibit . the kid follow in excitement . the teacher barely bat a eye as she take she time slowly trail after the group . ext . mount sinai hospital - later Adam enter the hospital ... int . hospital . examining room - later Adam leaf through a pamphlet on incontinence . the pedantic dr . ross enter and completely ignore Adam . instead , he look over Adam 's chart , examine he mri scan , and pull out a dictaphone - dr . ross ( into the dictaphone ) patient have be complain of excessive urination , back pain , and night sweat . blood test and urine analysis be normal . mri indicate a massive intraduaral extradural malignant schwannoma neurofibrosarcomas extend into psoa muscle with nerve root compression syndrome and bone erosion . we see Adam 's face gradually look more and more confuse , he slowly begin to raise he arm as if to ask a question . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) growth extend from the L2 to l5 . cytotoxic antibiotic be recommend . Dr. Ross turn to see Adam hold he arm in the air . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) yes. question ? adam ( dumbfounded ) I have no idea what you just say . be there something wrong with I ? 18. dr . ross ( point to mri ) if you look here on you mri , you see this cephalopod like object spread down along you spinal column ? Adam squint . it all look the same . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) that be a massive schwannoma neurofibrosarcomas . adam I still have no idea what you be talk about . dr . ross it 's a malignant tumor . adam what ?!... a tumor ? no. dr . ross I be afraid so . adam how be that possible ?... I do not smoke . I do not drink . I eat healthy ... I even recycle . dr . ross well Adam it 's actually quite fascinating . you cancer be the result of a incredibly rare gene mutation in chromosome 17 p in the p53 gene that cause the growth of malignant cell in tissue around the nerve . in you case it 's grow along the nerve in you lower spine . Adam look at himself in the mirror . adam ( still in denial ) but , look at I . I do not look sick . dr . ross Cancer often have no specific symptom . people can go year with out know they be sick . we be lucky we catch it before it metastasize . ( more ) 19 . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be go to put you on a 4 month regimen of chemotherapy . it 's a aggressive dosage so you might want to think about take some time off from work . this be real . Adam walk to the window and press he face against the glass . he look down at the city below . from 15 storey up , the people on the street look like miniature figurine . Adam turn back to Dr. Ross . adam can not you just cut it out of I ? dr . ross yes , that be a option . but because the tumor have spread to a such significant size . cut it out now would be risky . adam well what be my chance of beat this ? Dr. Ross put on he best act of reassurance . his word be seemingly genuine , he tone be anything but . dr . Ross listen , you be in good hand . the best thing for you to do right now be to not worry ... let I do the worry . alright ? Dr. Ross take a long look at Adam 's devastate face . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) maybe you should talk to someone . Dr. Ross hand Adam a business card for the " mount sinai psychology Group " . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) we have a whole department of psychologist here in the hospital . they specialize in case ... in this ... sort of matter . they will be able to help you . not know what else to say , Dr. Ross look at he watch , look back to Adam , and move to the door . 20 . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) hang in there champ . int . san diego public library - evening close on a computer screen : " neurofibrosarcoma schwannoma . treatment form : chemotherapy and Radiation offer negligible success rate . surgical resection prove to be most effective . risk of surgery : amputation of limb . paralysis . death . 2 Year survival rate : 50 % . if tumor metastasize systemically , 2 year survival rate : 0 % . " Adam sit stare at the screen . this be not good . the librarian , a tall blond surfer type , tap Adam on the shoulder . librarian hey bro , time 's up . startle . Adam look up at the librarian . adam can I have just a few more minute ? librarian sorry bro . twenty minute limit . ( embarrassed ) rule . the librarian motion to the long line of mostly homeless customer wait to use the computer . int . bus - evening Adam sit deep in think . ext . adam' house - same time the bus stop . Adam get off , walk to he house , and take a deep breath ... int . adam' house . live room - continuous Adam enter the live room - it 's empty . NPR News be on the radio . Fresh paint dry on a canvas rest on a easel . the sound of someone cooking come from the kitchen . 21 . rachel ( o.s. ) Adam ? be that you ? Adam walk into the kitchen . Rachel be at the stove cooking in she underwear . Adam stand in the doorway watch she . God she look sexy . Rachel turn - rachel ( cont 'd ) ( in a hungarian accent ) welcome home Mr. Adam . I make vegetarian goulash . like a ballerina , Rachel cross to Adam on she tip toe hold out a spoon of she goulash . she hold up the offer to Adam 's mouth . he take a small bite and smile , try to hide he internal distress . his sad eye tell Rachel another story . rachel ( cont 'd ) ( still use accent ) what be wrong ? adam nothing . rachel ( still use accent ) liar . this be not go to be easy . adam we need to talk . Rachel drop the accent . this seem serious . rachel why ? what 's go on ? adam I have a doctor 's appointment today . rachel ( worried ) what kind of doctor 's appointment ? Adam have no idea what to say . adam have you ever see the movie " beach " ? rachel you mean with bette midler ? 22. adam yeah that one . rachel not as good as " the Rose " , but good . adam remember the end of " beach " ? rachel ( confuse ) yeah . sad .... what do that have to do with you ? Adam just look she in the eye ... Rachel get it . rachel ( cont 'd ) oh . oh my god . in total shock , Rachel cover she mouth . rachel ( cont 'd ) what kind ? adam I do not know . rachel you do not know ? adam well I do know , but I can not pronounce it . neuroscharnoma or something . rachel well how bad be it ? adam it 's not good . Rachel hug Adam . soaking in the comfort , Adam rest he head on she shoulder . she gently stroke he hair . Adam 's hand slowly move down Rachel 's back . he start kissing she neck . he know it 's wrong , but can not help it , the only thing run through he mind be sex . after a beat Rachel pull away . rachel ( begin to cry ) you have cancer . 23. heart racing , Rachel open the top pantry . she reach back as far as she can and pull out a cookie jar . she stick she hand in the jar and pull out a old pack of american spirit . Adam look at Rachel disapprovingly . rachel ( cont 'd ) not now . adam I just think it 's a interesting time to take up smoking again . rachel Adam I be 24 year old ! ( catch herself ) you be 25 . Rachel put one of the cigarettes to she mouth , light it on the stove and take a drag . rachel ( cont 'd ) what be we go to do ? I do not know what to do . Rachel begin compulsively pull drag from the cigarette . Adam take the cigarette out of she hand . he go to put it out , but take a drag instead . he then hug Rachel with one hand and open the window with the other ; he proceed to discreetly fan out the cigarette smoke . adam sshhhh . everything 's go to be alright yammy . I be go to start chemo in a few day . ( positive ) we be go to get through this . they embrace in total silence ... a beat . and then Adam groan with the realization - adam ( cont 'd ) ugh ... and my parent be come over for dinner . rachel do they know ? Adam be clearly not in the mood to see he parent . adam no . 24 . pre lap : the sound of a doorbell ... smash CUT : int . foyer - adam' house - moment later Rachel and Adam stand in front of the door . adam 3...2...1... Rachel open the door . adam ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) hey . Adam 's mother , edith schwartz ( 55 ) enter . edith be a short , portly woman with thick glass and a bright red sweatshirt bear a cross-stitch cat on it . if the borough of queen and the city of milwaukee have a child , it would be edith . edith ( excite ) there they be ! edith give Rachel a big hug , and grab for she leave hand . edith ( cont 'd ) I can not wait to hear the big news . adam where 's dad ? art schwartz ( 58 ) enter the house carry a cat . due to a stroke 10 year prior , he carry a limp and be a little out of it . art I find you cat play in the neighbor yard . adam dad , I do not have a cat . Art drop the cat and it bolt out the door . edith so what 's for dinner ? 25 . int . adam' dine room - later everyone sit around the table . edith poke at she plate of vegetarian goulash , confuse as to what she 's look at . rachel if I have know you be come I would have make something else . edith I be just glad to finally be share a shabbat dinner with my son ... ( look at she plate ) so this be not meat ? rachel no it 's call sei-tan . adam it 's make of wheat gluten . edith look more confuse . edith but it 's not meat . rachel no , but it have a texture just like meat . edith reluctantly take a small bite of the goulash . edith ( insincere ) mmmmm . it 's good . edith put she spoon down . she pull a handful of pill out she fanny - pack and put they in front of Art . edith ( cont 'd ) Art , take you pill . Art pick up the pill and put they in he mouth , but do not swallow . edith ( cont 'd ) swallow . as Art swallow , edith eagerly turn she attention to Rachel . edith ( cont 'd ) so ? do you set a date ? 26 . rachel ( confuse ) a date ? edith ( to adam ) do not do summer like you cousin , remember how awful that be ? schlepp around in the heat like that . plus the bug and the gnat . adam ( whisper to Rachel ) what be she talk about ? edith and now Rachel . I know we have not discuss this , but be you go to convert ? rachel ( whisper to Adam ) she think we be get marry . adam Mom . we be not get marry . edith oh thank god . ( to rachel ) no offense . ( to adam ) so then what 's the big news that you make we rush all the way over here . not know how to tell he mother the upsetting news ... adam have you ever see " term of endearment " ? rachel oh jesus Adam , just tell she . edith tell I what ? adam alright fine . but , before I tell you , you have to promise I you be go to stay calm . 27 . edith oh Adam , do not be so overdramatic . adam Mom , just promise I . okay ? edith I promise ... you make I out to be some kind of irrational loon . here go nothing . adam ( mumble ) I have cancer . edith what ? adam ( mumble ) I have cancer . edith ( to rachel ) what be he say ? adam ( take a deep breath ) I have cancer . edith Cancer ? what do you mean you have cancer ? adam I - have - cancer . edith I do not understand . adam Mom , I have a giant tumor in my spine . edith sit motionless for what seem a eternity . the only indication that she 's not dead be the movement of she index finger , which twitches uncontrollably . Adam sit uneasy , tie to anticipate he mother 's next move . adam ( cont 'd ) Mom ? 28 . edith calmly rise from of she seat and head to the kitchen . Adam follow after she . adam ( cont 'd ) Mom , what be you do ? edith light the stove , and put up a kettle of tea . edith I be make you green tea . adam please , will you come sit down . edith hold up the package of Green tea . edith I see on the today show that it reduce you risk of get cancer by fifteen percent . adam Mom , I already have cancer . refuse to look at she son , edith frantically rifle through she fanny pack . edith here take this . her hand now shaking uncontrollably , edith hand Adam a large number of prescription pill . edith ( cont 'd ) aspirin , Zoloft , lexapro , lipitor , flagel , ditropan , alka seltzer . adam Mom , please , stop . I do not need this . edith ( yell ) just take the god-damn pill . Adam take edith 's hand . adam Mom . edith 's a nervous wreck , frantic and hysterical . edith how could this happen ? 29 . adam it 's genetic . edith genetic ? it must be from you father 's side of the family , they be always get sick . you uncle Bobby just get crohns . Adam 's father look up from he plate of goulash ... art that 's a disorder of the bowel , son . how be you bowel ? adam the problem be not with my bowel . art you be a lucky man . adam thanks dad . edith I be move in . adam what ? no. absolutely not . edith Adam , I be you mother , and I need to be close to you in you time of need . adam that 's a terrible idea . edith well who 's go to take care of you ? adam Mom , I be fine . edith I think I have a right to take care of my son with cancer . adam it 's nothing . really . 30 . edith nothing ! you tell I you have cancer of the spine and now you tell I it 's nothing . Adam look to Rachel for support . rachel edith , I can not even imagine how hard this must be for you . but I promise , there 's nothing for you to worry about . I be go to be here every step of the way , to help take good care of you son . edith ( to adam ) you be a very lucky boy to be with such a good girl . you know that ? you do not deserve she . Adam look at Rachel and smile . adam I know . int . coffee shop - morning Adam and Seth stand on a endless line of business men and women wait for they morning coffee . greg be at the front of that line - he 's take forever to decide what he want . Adam impatiently look at he watch . adam what 's take he so long ? how hard be it to buy a cup of coffee ? Seth ignore Adam as he stare at the cleavage on the woman behind he . seth ( quietly to Adam ) look at how tight that shirt be . she 's totally aware of how large she breast look too . this morning when she get dress , she say to herself - " I have this thing and I want the world to see they . " greg look up at the menu of endless option . 31 . greg what about that freeze drink , what 's that like ? barista ( enthusiastic ) the bavarian blender . it 's absolute heaven . greg I do not know . do it have a lot of sugar ? adam we have be here 20 minute . what 's he shopping for a car ? Seth 's eye be still fix on the woman 's breast . seth why be you in such a rush ? Adam look around at all the stodgy business man all have menial conversation . adam be this really how you want to spend the rest of you life ? wasting away in this place ? greg still have not make up he mind . Adam snap . adam ( cont 'd ) I do not believe it . why can not he just get a latte like he do every morning . seth relax . we have plenty of time . adam no we do not have plenty of time ! life be finite . seth what the fuck be wrong with you ? adam ( quietly ) I have cancer . seth ( laugh ) yeah right . 32 . adam I be serious . seth get the fuck out of here . you have cancer ? people in line look at Seth . adam maybe a little louder , you can make a special announcement . seth ( quietly ) when do this happen ? adam yesterday . they find a tumor in my spine . seth who ? adam what do you mean who ? seth who find the tumor ? adam Lewis and Clark ... the doctor find it . seth when be you go to tell I ? adam I be tell you now . seth if I have cancer I would tell you right away . adam what do you want the better friend award ? it 's not a easy topic to bring up . seth Holy shit ! Seth take a deep breath . a look of panic sweep across he face ... he quickly shake it off . 33. seth ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's relax here . ( beat ) I think the best thing to do be to look on the bright side . adam the bright side of what ? seth ( emphatically ) this be you chance to do all the thing you have always want . this be it . this be you time to live it up . ( a beat ) plus , do you know how much pussy we be go to get ? ext . hospital - day Rachel pull she car up to the front of the hospital . Adam kiss she goodbye and get out of the car . he take a few step and then turn back . he give she a nervous smile and then continue into the hospital . int . hospital corridor - moment later Adam walk down the hospital corridor pass dozen of patient , none of whom be under the age of 40 . in Adam 's hand be the business card with " mount sinai psychology Group " write on it . he find the office and knock on the half open door . the office be small , cold and emotionless - with stack of psychology book and file strewn about . a attractive young woman , katie ( 26 ) , sit behind a desk read a file while she eat a rather messy sandwich . Katie take she job very seriously , but have not quite master the art of speak without sounding like a rigid grad student . kate look up as she take a bite of she sandwich . katie ( mouth full of food ) can I help you ? adam I have a appointment with Dr. mcrae . 34 . Katie put down the sandwich , rise from she seat and put she hand out to shake Adam 's . katie please call I Katie . adam ( confuse ) you be Dr. mcrae ? katie you be expect someone else ? Katie wrap up she sandwich and put the rest away . adam be not you suppose to be like sixty - five and wear earth tone sweater ? katie ( slightly defensive ) why ? do someone say that 's what I look like ? adam no , no , no . I be just expect someone older . katie sorry to disappoint you . adam no believe I , you be fine . better than fine , you be Dr. mcrae ... you be a doctor ? how old be you ? katie twenty -six . adam twenty -six ? what be you like doogie howser ? katie who ? adam doogie howser ... off Katie 's blank look . 35 . adam ( cont 'd ) ... the teenage doctor . katie do he work here ? adam no. nevermind ... but be not you young to be a doctor ? katie I be actually in my final semester of medical school . ( off Adam 's look ) this be a training hospital . adam so have you have many patient ? katie you be actually my first . that do not help to ease Adam 's anxiety . adam oh. katie please sit . Adam notice a dark stain on the couch . he sit as far from it as possible . Katie pull out Adam 's file and sit in a chair across from he . Adam look anxious , this be he first time in therapy . katie ( cont 'd ) Dr. Ross fill I in on you situation . tell I , how have you be feel ? adam honestly . I feel fine . katie I think that 's great consider what you be go through . adam yeah , but I tend to internalize everything so , who know . 36 . katie you mean you repress as a cope mechanism . adam be that what I do ? katie that 's what you just say . adam the way I say it sound cute in a neurotic way . when you say it , it 's like a indictment . the word " repress " - sound so harsh . katie it 's actually quite common . adam oh good , I would hate to think I be anything but a emotional sheep . katie do not think of it in that term . it 's not like it 's be a conscious decision on you part . what 's important now be for you to be aware of the way you treat you emotion and for I to help you make adjustment . adam so how do we do that ? katie the first thing I want you to do be to stop look at cancer as a burden . Cancer have come into you life to show you that you emotional and physical body be out of balance . this be you chance to correct that . adam you be not in a cult be you ? katie now , why do you say that ? adam I do not know , it be a bad joke . 37 . katie but there 's a reason . you choose to use humor rather than express how you really feel . Katie be lose Adam . katie ( cont 'd ) in order to heal the body , you must heal the mind . it 's imperative that you free yourself from stress and anger . get rid of all that negative emotion store deep inside . Adam 's mind drift away from Katie . he focus on all the clutter . the slant clock . the wilting plant . the crumble paper on the floor . the mess be drive he crazy . katie ( cont 'd ) so today what I want to do be start you on some very simple relaxation therapy . Katie press play on she ipod . we hear the soothing sound of new agey flute music . Adam look up in confusion . adam huh ? katie I want you to lay back and close you eye . Adam look down at the coffee stain couch . adam Lay here ? katie yes , I want you to just lay back , and let go . adam should not we be analyze my childhood ? or my day as a call girl ? katie another joke ? 38 . adam ( shrug ) oh come on . nothing ? that be funny . katie ssshhhhh ... Katie stand behind Adam and place she hand on he shoulder . despite the fact that this be all too strange , he do not mind , in a weird way , Adam be enjoy the attention . he finally lie down , contort he body so as to avoid the stain . katie ( cont 'd ) Close you eye and relax . find a place inside yourself where you can escape the cancer . Adam close he eye . fade to black : rachel ( o.s. ) keep you eye close . no peek . int . adam' house - night Adam be seat at the dining table with he eye close . adam I can not believe you get I a present . ( beat ) be it that prada handbag I have be eyeing ? rachel ( o.s. ) even better . adam what be it ? rachel ( o.s. ) keep you eye close . adam you know how I feel about surprise . last surprise I get my parent tell I I be adopt . 39 . rachel ( o.s. ) you be not adopt . adam yeah , but sometimes I wish I be . Rachel cross into the room and stand over Adam . rachel okay . open you eye . Adam open he eye to see Rachel hold a tiny shih - tzu wear a pink ribbon in it 's hair . rachel ( cont 'd ) surprise ! Adam stare in confusion . adam ( disappointed ) what be it ? rachel it 's noodle . adam it 's so small . what do you do with it ? rachel ( annoyed ) Adam , it 's a he , and he 's adorable ... have a dog be suppose to help with the heal process . adam why , do it go to medical school ? rachel ( pissed ) I think you would be happy ... adam it look like a gremlin . what happen if you get it wet after midnight ? Rachel look furious . Adam backtrack . adam ( cont 'd ) ( reasoning ) they be a lot of work . ( more ) 40 . adam ( cont 'd ) I can barely take care of myself , I do not think I can handle another live , breathe , needy , thing in my life . rachel I do not realize it would be such a big deal . ( passive aggressive ) I can bring he back to the shelter in the morning . adam I know what you be do . rachel no , you be right , it 's not a good idea . tomorrow I will take he back where he will be keep in a tiny cage with 10 other dog who will bully he , and rape he , and then he will eventually be euthanize . the dog look at Adam . it 's hopeless , there 's no way Adam 's go to win this one . adam alright . Fine , we can keep the dog . rachel really ? adam really . Rachel 's face light up . she hug Adam . rachel this be go to be so good for you . Adam turn to see the dog shitting on the carpet . ext . san diego - evening the sun set over the San Diego skyline . int . san diego museum of natural history - night it 's Adam 's go away party . draped across the entrance be a " bon voyage " banner with a image of a Cruise ship . 41 . Adam , Rachel and Seth enter to find a crowd of mostly unfamiliar face . phil , who have have one too many vodka tonic , approach Adam - drink in hand . phil ( announce ) there he be , the man of the hour . adam here I be . phil take a sip from he glass , and then offer it to Adam . phil martini ? adam no thanks . phil put he arm around Adam and gesture wildly - cause he drink to splash on Adam . phil so cancer ? adam yup . the Big c. phil man ! phil tug on Adam 's hair . phil ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) be you wear a wig ? adam nope , this be my real hair . phil ( sentimental ) I be gonna miss you so much buddy . adam ( uncomfortable ) I be go to miss you too . phil put he head on Adam 's shoulder . 42 . adam ( cont 'd ) Excuse I for a moment , I think I see someone over there from a previous life . CUT to : Adam be talk with he co-worker joe . joe have you start chemo yet ? adam no , not yet . joe do not do it man . it will fuck you up . that 's like some nagasaki shit . CUT to : Adam stand with susan . susan you want to know the secret ? adam ah , okay . susan eat nothing but green food . adam like a specific kind of green food ? susan no , any green food . it work , my sister 's friend survive lung cancer . CUT to : Adam stand with ted . ted ( suspicious ) so what kind of cancer do you have ? adam schwannoma neurofibrosarcomas . ted never hear of it . 43. adam it 's pretty rare . ted yeah well , you do not look sick . adam Cancer often have no specific symptom . people can go year with out know they be sick . ted ( suspicious ) huh . CUT back to : Adam with Susan again ... susan there 's spinach , zucchini , broccoli , kale , cucumber , green bean , snow peas , seaweed , kiwi , Zucchini , adam I think you already say zucchini . susan ( annoyed ) Zucchini ... from across the room , Adam and Rachel lock eye . he give she a defeat look , as if to say " help I . " Rachel give a sympathetic smile . susan ( cont 'd ) be you pay attention ? adam ( catch off guard ) uh huh . susan Cause I be only try to help save you life . from across the room , Rachel laugh at the entire episode , Adam spark a smile . CUT to : Adam be talk with eddie . 44 . eddie ( secretly ) there 's this guy on the beach who inject oxygen into you blood . adam be that legal ? eddie no , but it 's totally safe . CUT back to : Adam with Susan ... susan ... brussel sprout , turnip green , asparagus , celery , cabbage , okra , honeydew melon , lime , Green bell pepper , green chile ... CUT to : Jenny cry hysterically as Seth console she . jenny ( crying ) I can not believe that he have cancer . seth I know , it 's crazy . jenny I have see he every day for the past two year and I have never once make a effort to talk to he . seth well I be he best friend , so talk to I in a way be kind of like talk to he . jenny oh what do it matter ? it 's too late . Jenny walk away cry . Seth follow after she . seth wait . it 's not too late . CUT to : Adam make himself a drink at the bar . greg approach . 45 . greg hey Adam . adam ( less than excited ) hey greg. greg my uncle have what you have . adam really ? greg man that be the worst . adam you uncle have schwannoma neurofibrosarcomas . greg yeah , I think so . it 's the thing with the toe and the scream , and everything taste like olive ? right ? Adam look perplex . int . rachel be car - later the same night Rachel and Adam drive home from the party . they be in completely different mood . adam well that be a nightmare . rachel Adam , that people just throw you a party ... they love you . adam half that people do not even know I . the car stop at a red light . Rachel look at Adam . she find he pout adorable . he see she stare , adam ( cont 'd ) what ? rachel nothing . 46 . adam ( smile ) what ? rachel I love you . adam I love you . Rachel take Adam 's hand . rachel everything 's go to be okay . they look intensely into each other eye and then kiss . CUT to : int . adam' house - moment later Adam and Rachel make - out as they enter the house . int . adam' bedroom - continuous they make they way into the bedroom and clumsily undress one another . Adam look at Rachel 's naked body . adam you be so unbelievably sexy . rachel I be totally yours , suddenly there 's a loud scratch at the bedroom door , follow by a loud whimper . Rachel stop . rachel ( cont 'd ) noodle . adam what ? rachel the dog . Adam continue to kiss Rachel . adam ignore he . 47 . rachel I think he need to go out . adam I will do it after . the two continue make out . the dog start to bark . rachel I can not do this with he bark . ext . adam' house - night Adam stand on the sidewalk impatiently wait for the dog to do he business . adam ( to the dog ) come on . today ... if I do not get laid tonight because of you , I be go to take you little bow and make a noose ... the dog sniff around , try to find the perfect spot . adam ( cont 'd ) ( pleading ) please ! I need this . adam' neighbor walk by with a giant mastiff . he see Adam yell at the little shi tzu in ribbon . Adam look up ... adam ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed ) even . neighbor Nice dog . once the neighbor be out of sight - adam will you please just finish . the dog finally finish . Adam run back into the house . after a minute , he realize he leave the dog in the street . he run back after the dog , scoops he up and then run back inside . 48 . int . adam' house . bedroom - continuous Adam fumble around in the dark as he tear off he clothes . he then climb back into bed , spoon Rachel , and begin seductively kissing she neck . he slowly move he hand downward . Rachel take Adam 's hand , pull it up , and clasp it tight against she chest . rachel hold I . adam ( under breath ) mother fucker . the two lay silently with Adam 's arm wrap around Rachel 's body . a beat . adam ( cont 'd ) do you ... want to move in ? rachel do you want I to ? adam I be think it might be nice , now that I be not go to work anymore . and with my chemo start ... Rachel turn to Adam . adam ( cont 'd ) you be here all the time anyway . rachel ( smile ) okay . Rachel kiss Adam and lay she head on he chest . adam ( whisper ) you wanna have sex ? rachel ( asleep ) in the morning . 49 . ext . beth israel synagogue - morning edith 's car whizze down the street and peel into the Beth Israel synagogue parking lot . the car come to a abrupt stop as it park in the last empty space . edith and Adam step out of the car and walk 20 foot before they realize Art be still in the car . edith Art come on . art I be come . Art , still in the car , do not move . edith look at she watch and walk back to the car . edith we be late . edith grab Art 's hand . he slowly get out of the car . int . beth israel synagogue - moment later edith , Art and Adam enter into the 600 seat synagogue . the service lead by rabbi jacob ( 75 ) have already begin . edith spot three empty seat all the way in the leave corner of the first row . Prime seat , but a bitch to get to since the service have begin - get there would mean wading through a row of two dozen people . the usher approach . usher please take you seat . the usher motion for edith and company to sit in the back . edith what about that seat up there in the front ? usher the service have begin . edith please . my son have cancer . Adam 's jaw tighten , he can not believe he mother just do that . the usher look at Adam , size up the situation . Adam could not be more uncomfortable . 50 . usher please , follow I . the usher lead the group to the front and direct the people in the front row to let they pass through . edith apologize as each person they pass have to stand to let they by . edith ( quietly ) sorry , my son have cancer . Adam smile in embarrassment as he step past . adam ( quietly ) hi. Nice to see you . int . beth israel synagogue . atrium - later edith and Art stand in a crowd of 600 congregant socialize and converse after the service . rose ( 60 ) approach . rose ( concerned ) edith . how be you ? edith ( overdramatic ) oh Rose . thing be not well . rose I hear about the ( whisper ) cancer . edith I can not tell you how hard it 's be on I . my only child . God only know what terrible thing I do to deserve this . I have get a catatonic husband and a son with cancer . not to mention my arthritis . I do not know how I will ever get through it . as Adam walk through the atrium , he notice everyone whisper and point at he . rabbi Jacobs ( 75 ) exit the bathroom , pull up he fly and spot Adam . Jacobs have the face of a leather couch from all the tanning and face lift . he spot Adam . 51 . rabbi lady and gentleman , Adam schwartz ! adam rabbi Jacobs . rabbi how be you son ? adam oh you know , just try to live by the covenant . rabbi do not bullshit I . you be the worst student I ever have . I bet you have not even speak a word of Hebrew since you bar mitzvah . adam I do not like to brag , but I could not speak it then . rabbi you mother tell I about you situation . Adam look over to see he mother surround by a dozen sympathetic listener as she tell they she horror story of have a son with cancer . adam I be sure she do . rabbi it 's not easy for a mother to see she son go through something like this , adam nothing be easy for my mother . rabbi have you think about try to reconnect with the torah ? adam honestly , I be just here to make my mother happy . it be either this or I have to go see my cousin perform in he high school theatre 's adaptation of " you have get mail " . 52 . rabbi well think about it . I be always here . int . hospital - day alan alda look directly into the camera . the year be 1970 . alan alda hi there , I be Alan alda ... Alan alda walk down the hospital corridor . alan alda ( cont 'd ) so you have be tell you have cancer . well , you be not alone . 1 in every 3 people live today will experience some form of the disease ... a shot of people walk in Times Square , arrow slowly pop up over the head of every third person . alan alda ( cont 'd ) you may be wonder what be cancer ? well , cancer be a group of more than 100 different disease characterize by the abnormal growth of cell . this cell form a lump or mass call a " tumor " . a reddish freckle dissolves into massive tumor . alan alda ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Cancer be treat through the use of a revolutionize medicine call che-mo-therapy . shot of a very pretty woman be administer a small pill by a nurse . the woman smile politely to the nurse . alan alda ( cont 'd ) chemotherapy be a very serious treatment . shot of a Doctor speak intently to the pretty woman who listen closely . alan alda ( cont 'd ) it work by destroy cancer cell ; unfortunately , it cannot tell the difference between cancer cell and healthy cell . 53. shot of a poorly design diagram of the human body . a milky substance run through the body destroy all the various cell in it 's path . alan alda ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as a result , it 's go to make you feel tired ... image of yawn kitten . alan alda ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and sick . shot of a School nurse check a child 's temperature . the music begin to ramp . alan alda ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... you be about to embark on the journey of a lifetime . so aim high ... shot of apollo 11 lift off . alan alda ( cont 'd ) ... and always remember , the road to recovery be a team effort ... a shot of a girl volleyball team . one of the player serve up a pass and another spike it down . all the girl high - five . alan alda ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's important that you talk openly with you health care provider . ask question so you can know all the fact . be prepare be half the battle ... back on Alan alda . alan alda ( cont 'd ) toward help yourself begin to feel in control again ... on behalf of all the great folk at mount sinai Hospital , I would like to thank you for you time ... make it a great day . 54 . int . hospital - day a small group of patient , include Adam , have be watch the video . the people in the room applaud , Adam look around baffle by both the video and the clap . GEORGE , a tall male nurse of bahamian descent , enter the room . GEORGE Adam schwartz . Adam stand . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) come with I my baby . Adam follow George into the elevator where they ride down into the bowel of the hospital : the Cancer Ward . walk through the long ominous hall of the hospital basement , Adam pass dozen of sick patient who be be shuttle into Radiation therapy , chemotherapy and other various treatment room . a sick , fat , bald elderly woman cough as she pass . Adam wince in disgust . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this way my baby . George lead Adam into a chemotherapy treatment room . int . hospital . chemotherapy room - later Adam be seat in a plush leather chair where he 's hook into a chemo drip . he 's surround by a dozen gaunt , hairless patient . he be the youngest patient by at least 20 year . completely overwhelm , Adam spot a bald woman sit quietly knitting . she 's at peace with herself . her Zen like state help Adam relax . Adam skim through a catalogue of clothing intend for cancer patient until he notice henry ( 50 ) , a very small man sit in a wheel chair which be attach to a respirator . despite the fact that every breath Henry take look like it might kill he , he bark derogatory statement at the wall . Adam look on in terror . the genial mitch ( 85 ) notice . mitch that 's Henry . 55 . adam be he okay ? mitch he 's always like that . adam ( terrified ) be that go to happen to I ? mitch best not worry about this thing . alan ( 84 ) , the contentious old man sit next to Mitch chime in . alan ( to adam ) want a hit ? Adam look down to see that Alan be hold a one hitter full of weed . mitch it make it all a little easier to handle . adam ( paranoid ) what if someone see we ? alan do not be such a old man . look at this place , it 's like death row in here , they do not give a shit what we do . Adam reluctantly take a hit . mitch how old be you ? adam twenty -five . alan you be lucky . life only get worse anyway . mitch Alan , stop it . ( to adam ) do not listen to he , he 's just mess with you . 56 . alan no I be not . ( to adam ) it 's all downhill from here . trust I . first you hair 's go to fall out , then you ball will shrink . you will marry a woman , or man , who will suck every penny out of you savings and then leave you for a fitness instructor in a teal miata . then , to top it all off , you kid will one day stop talk to you because they therapist , who you pay for , tell they you be the reason they be so fuck up . mitch you will have to excuse Alan here , he 's go through a rough time . alan ( to adam ) I be just be realistic . you want some advice ? adam not really . alan do not end up a victim like the rest of `em . life suck , the earlier you accept it , the better off you ' will be . adam I get to tell you , I be really nervous about this whole cancer thing , and then I meet you guy , and boy do I feel better . Alan and Mitch laugh . alan ( to mitch ) I like this kid . ( to adam ) I be Alan liebowitz : stage 4 lymphoma . please to meet you . mitch Mitch horowitz , metastatic prostate cancer . 57 . adam Adam schwartz , schwannoma neurofibrosarcomas . alan what the fuck be that ?... sound like the greek dish I have for lunch . Adam be beginning to feel the effect of the weed . adam ... man this pot be really strong . mitch medicinal . alan good shit eh . Adam stare off into space . he 's really high , almost like he 's trip . the wall start spin . fade to : ext . amusement park - day ( dream ) Adam be stand on line for a roller coaster . he get to the front of the line when the carnie stop he . carnie hey you ! what do you think you be do ? everything Adam say be in german and subtitle in English . adam I want to ride . carnie read the sign . the carny point to a sign that read " no Cancer . " adam I do not have cancer . carnie then what 's that ? the carnie point out Adam 's T-shirt , it read " i'm with cancer . " 58 . Adam turn around to see a giant bald fat man eat cotton candy , he shirt read " cancer " . Adam try to run away , but he 's attach to the giant fat bald guy via a umbilical cord . the giant fat bald guy reach out , pick Adam up , and swallow he . end dream sequence int . adam' bedroom - night Adam jolt out of bed . his clothes be drench in sweat . he look down to see Rachel sleep peacefully next to he . he quickly get out of bed and run into the bathroom . and by the sound of it , throw up . a lot . Rachel mutter something incoherent and then sprawl out , consume the entire bed . int . hospital . katie' office - next day Adam look wear and exhaust from the chemo . he 's never feel worse . katie so how do you feel after you first treatment ? adam I feel like I be just gang rape by the buena vista Social Club . katie be everything with you go to be a joke ? adam I be serious . have you hear they horn section ? katie Adam , you have a responsibility to you mind and body . adam I be just injected with three pint of kryptonite . can we please hold off on the new agey stuff . katie you can not just sit there and ignore what 's happen to you ... you need to stop bottle everything up . 59 . adam what I need be for people to stop tell I what I need . katie have you consider that this cancer be nature 's way of tell you to change the way you live you life ? ( off Adam 's look ) ... there 's a old say - you can not change the wind , but you can adjust the sail . adam they teach you that in medical school ? Katie 's patience be wane . katie I know you do not like to talk about you feeling , but you have to learn to find a outlet . adam ( frustrate ) a outlet for what ? I have cancer . katie and how be you body ever go to fight the stress of that cancer if you can not even handle you own emotion ? Adam snap , rase he voice . adam well excuse I . you will have to forgive I for not have a firm handle on my emotion at this particular juncture of my life . Katie 's a little shake by Adam 's outburst . she stay firm . katie you do not have to be here . Adam know he go too far . plus , that little outburst lift a little wight off he shoulder , and he know it . adam I be sorry , I know you be only try to help . ( more ) 60 . adam ( cont 'd ) this be all too much for I . I do not know what to do . just tell I what to do and I will do it . Katie look at Adam , be he be for real ? she 's skeptical . katie I want you to do some homework . here 's a list of book on mind - body therapy . they should help you get start . Katie hand Adam a sheet of paper with a list of book scribble on it . we push in on the list of book : int . bookstore . self help section - day we pull out on the list of book : Adam and Seth browse through shelf of book . Seth be read the author 's bio from one of the book on Katie 's list . seth ( in excitement ) " franz schlegel be a american `medical intuitive ' and `mystic psychiatrist ' . schlegel 's teaching be widely recognize as a global spiritual awaken that be transcend individual and collective human consciousness " ... you be actually go to read this shit ? this guy be a fuck tool . Seth ditch the New Age book and pick up one on mardi gras . seth ( cont 'd ) let 's go to mardi gras ! adam why would we go to mardi gras ? seth because it 's mardi gras man . it 's like a giant orgy of the sexiest woman you can imagine all throw themselves at you , scream to be fuck . it 's a fuck fest . 61 . adam I be get chlamydia just listen to you talk about it . seth we need to go see the world . adam this be not my bachelor party we be plan here . seth ( frustrate ) Adam you can not let you cancer go to waste . Adam take the book from Seth 's hand and put it down . adam I be not go anywhere . from across the store , Seth notice , claire ( 30 ) , a attractive employee stack book . seth well if you be not go to take advantage of you cancer , then I will . Seth yank the list of book from Adam and cross to Claire . seth ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . claire yes , how can I help you ? seth I be look to buy a few book - Seth hand Claire the list of book title . she read . claire oh. ( concerned ) be this for ... I be sorry it 's none of my business . seth no that 's okay . they be for my best friend , Adam . Seth nod towards Adam across the room . 62 . seth ( cont 'd ) he 's pretty sick . Claire shoot Adam a look - the way one look at a die puppy . Adam look on in confusion . claire how awful . seth yeah . Cancer , not cool . claire poor guy . seth I know it 's be really hard . Claire lean in . claire it 's bad be not it ? seth honestly ? ( feigning sadness ) sometimes I just wish it be I instead of he ... to relieve some of the burden , you know ? I just ... I just want to help . int . bookstore - later Adam and Seth exit the bookstore . they pass Claire who give Seth a big smile follow by the " call I " motion . adam what just happen ? seth ( to adam ) I will tell you what happen . Cancer happen , and you need to get on the train . int . adam' house - day Adam and Seth smoke a joint as they watch " Planet Earth " on a brand new 50 " flat screen tv . there be a dozen oversize box mark " Rachel " scattered throughout the house . Rachel yell from the bedroom . 63. rachel ( o.c . ) Adam do you know where the dog leash be ? adam be you go to the park again ? Rachel enter the room with the dog cradle in she arm . adam ( cont 'd ) this be the third time today . rachel he like run around with the other dog . adam he can barely make it to the door without shitting himself . Rachel find the leash and then smell the joint . rachel ( taken aback ) be you smoking weed ? adam yeah . rachel since when do you smoke ? adam it 's medicinal . Rachel 's shocked , this be way out of character for Adam . rachel you get a prescription for medicinal marijuana ? seth no , I do . rachel what 's wrong with you ? seth night blindness . rod and cone be off . Rachel roll she eye . Seth be ridiculous . then she notice the new flat screen tv on the wall and just like that , she demeanor switch . she look piss . 64 . rachel where do that tv come from ? adam the store . ( off Rachel 's furious look ) it 's medicinal ? rachel I think we already agree that my painting be go there . adam ( try to reason ) why can not we put up both ? rachel you want I to put my painting next to a television ? adam ( shrug ) yes ? rachel ( yell ) Art need to breathe Adam !... do whatever you want . I be take you dog to the park !... and open a window . this be not a dorm room . Rachel walk to the door , scoops the dog up in one arm and a bag of garbage in the other . adam ( call out to Rachel ) Love you . the door slam . adam ( cont 'd ) I do not get it , they spend all day at the dog park . seth great . maybe she will move there . adam can you not talk about she like that ? Seth nearly choke as he inhale . 65 . seth be you joke ? do you see the way she treat you ? adam she 's get some kind of creative block ... it 's she process . seth you have cancer for fuck 's sake ! if I be you girlfriend , I would be baking you cookie and blow you every thirty minute . instead , she 's yell at you over some fuck painting . her art suck . you do not want to put that on you wall . it look like someone throw up a shrimp cocktail and then use it to spackle the Berlin Wall . adam we be go through a rough patch . that 's what happen in relationship . seth ( serious ) bullshit . she 's fuck you in the ass Adam . this be the one time in you life you can do whatever you want . if you want to smoke weed , then smoke . you want a 50 inch flat screen tv , then get the fuck tv ! and if you want to go to mardi gras , then let' go to mardi gras ! adam we be not go to mardi gras . Seth take a hit from the joint and hand it back to Adam . seth ( as he exhales ) you be totally miss my point . int . hospital . katie' office - day Adam sit in Katie 's office . adam I have be read you book , and you know it actually make sense ... some of it . ( more ) 66 . adam ( cont 'd ) I be not gonna lie , I do not really get the " Dark night of the soul " stuff . but I get it , year of anxiety have take over my body . I be block ... emotionally . katie ( excite ) Adam ! this be fantastic . Adam be slightly take aback by Katie 's response . katie ( cont 'd ) you know if you be interested , there be some more advanced form of therapy that I think could be really useful . adam sure , if you think it will help . int . laughter therapy - day Adam and Seth be seat in a semi-circle with a half dozen middle age man and woman . at the front of the group be the laughter therapist ( 50 ) - a short man with a long grey pony tail and a thick beard . all eye be close except for Seth and Adam 's . Adam 's hair be noticeably thin . laughter therapist good morning class . before we begin I would like to introduce Adam and Seth , we two newest giggle gurus . the class laugh . Adam and Seth look around paranoid . seth ( quietly to Adam ) what be they laugh at ? adam ( quietly to Seth ) just go with it . Seth and Adam laugh along with the other . laughter therapist ( to Adam and Seth ) now what you will soon discover be the true miracle and gift of laughter . ( more ) 67 . laughter therapist ( cont 'd ) learn to laugh at ourselves and other through non - judgemental mean be far more effective than any prescription drug , or , rehabilitation center . you see , when we laugh , we body release endorphin that not only support the immune system , but also release deeply store emotional pain , and give we a fresh new outlook on life . the laugh therapist open he eye and stare intensely at Adam and then Seth . laughter therapist ( cont 'd ) we do not tell joke here , we tell the truth - and we laugh at that truth . the laughter therapist close he eye . laughter therapist ( cont 'd ) so let we share . Adam , why do not you tell we what bring you here ? Adam look around in fear of say the wrong thing . laughter therapist ( cont 'd ) we be all friend here in the laughter pagoda . adam I , ah , have cancer . the entire class laugh hysterically . laughter therapist ah cancer yes . yes. laugh . everyone . beverly , share - beverly yesterday , I confiscate my son' pornography collection and then use it to masturbate 6 time . the class laugh . laughter therapist Paul , share , paul my wife tell I she 's a lesbian . and then leave I for my sister . 68 . the class laugh . laughter therapist jim - jim ( glum ) I owe two man eight grand by Friday . the class laugh . laughter therapist seth - seth my best friend be a giant pussy . the class laugh . adam my best friend 's favorite band be Abba . everyone laugh except for Seth . seth ( defensive ) when I be 12 . laughter therapist ( hysterical ) Abba ! wonderful . I love it . Seth laugh . int . adam' bathroom - day time lapse : Adam stare at himself in the mirror . his health slowly deteriorate . Hair begin to fall out . his face thin . super : JULY fade to : int . hospital . hallway - day Adam , Alan and Mitch sit in the corridor of the Cancer Ward . Adam be wear a ski hat to cover he bald head . alan ( confident ) Real . 69 . mitch Fake . adam Fake . camera pull back to reveal a insanely hot woman with giant breast in a hospital gown walk by the three man . alan you be both wrong . I think I know real when I see it . the hot woman scratch she head , revealing that she 's wear a wig . alan ( cont 'd ) God damn it . Alan hand Adam and Mitch each a five dollar bill . Mitch notice Adam watch one of the other patient 's sit and laugh with he wife . there 's a long in Adam 's eye . mitch how come we have never meet Rachel ? alan yeah . what the fuck ? adam she 's be really stress lately , Adam look around at all the sick people . adam ( cont 'd ) if I bring she here , she would probably freak out . alan smart man . save yourself the headache . mitch do not listen to he Adam . it 's important to be with you love one in time like this . alan bullshit . woman be nothing but trouble . ( more ) 70 . alan ( cont 'd ) they be selfish animal who only add to the misery in you life . you want to talk about a cancer . mitch listen to I Adam , I have be marry 40 year and it 's my Margaret who keep I go . Mitch pull out he wallet . he hold out a picture of he wife margaret ( 80 ) . mitch ( cont 'd ) she 's my reason to live . alan that 's precious Mitch , I almost want to wrap it up and tie a little bow around it . ( to adam ) honestly , I do not give a shit . you can do whatever you want . it 's you life . all I know be that I be not go to spend my last day on this miserable planet pine over a woman . the day my wife leave I be the best day of my life . Adam let 's this soak in . ext . hospital - afternoon Adam 's on he cell phone pace in front of the hospital . rachel ( v.o. ) hey , it 's Rachel . I must be do something really important . I will give you a call when I be do ... yay ! adam ( into phone ) hey it 's I , just check to see if you be on you way . CUT to : ext . hospital parking lot - later Adam pace impatiently . he call Rachel again , it go straight to voice mail . 71 . rachel ( v.o. ) hey , it 's Rachel . I must be do something really important . I will give you a call when I be do ... yay ! adam ( into phone ) it 's I again . just check to see where you be . in case you be look for I I be now on the other side of the parking lot . call I . as Katie walk to she car , she see Adam pace and mumble to himself . katie Adam ? adam ( embarrassed ) oh hey . katie what be you do ? adam just wait for Rachel to pick I up . katie what time be she come ? adam uh , four . Katie look at she watch . katie it 's six thirty . adam she must be stick in traffic . katie you want a ride ? int . katie be car - moment later Adam be seat in the front seat as Katie drive . the car be filthy - it 's litter with papers , magazine , food wrapper , etc . Katie 's body be press all the way up against the steering wheel with she eye fix on the road . 72 . katie sorry about the mess . Adam pick up a copy of " organize you Way to success , " which be lie on the floor . adam I think you should ask for a refund . katie I know , I know . what can I say ? I be not good at get rid of thing . I get easily attach . adam yeah , I can see . change the subject . katie so you do not drive ? adam nope . katie but you have a license ? adam nope . ( beat ) I actually fail my test . katie no ! adam ( embarrassed ) it 's true . katie but , I think you can re-take the test . adam eh. let 's just say , that the state of California feel it be best I do not . Katie stare at Adam in shock . katie what do you do ? 73. adam I kind of back my mom 's car down a embankment ... into the balboa cactus garden . katie the garden with all the endangered plant ? adam they do not want to tow it out in fear of destroy more of the vegetation , so they have to use a giant crane . Katie let out a tiny chuckle , but quickly contain herself . katie I be sorry . that 's terrible . unable to hold back , Katie continue laugh . this be the first time we have see Katie let go of she rigid nature . adam ( abrupt ) stop the car . Katie look at Adam nervously . katie why what 's wrong ? adam just stop the car . Katie stop the car . Adam grab a handful of Katie 's garbage and get out . katie what be you do ? adam I can not handle all this mess . Adam toss the garbage in a dumpster and come back to the car for more . Katie start laugh , she can not believe Adam be clean she car . katie wait , no , not that , that 's my dinner . Adam leave Katie 's dinner and throw out the rest of the garbage . he get back in the car and take a deep breath . 74 . adam you can drive . ext . adam' house - later Adam and Katie arrive at Adam 's house . adam thanks for the ride ... Adam look at he house . the light be out . he 's really not in the mood to be alone . he look back at Katie . adam ( cont 'd ) do you want to come in . for a beverage ? or something ? katie it probably would not be very professional of I . adam come on , I will let you analyze my id . Katie be hesitant , but she also feel in a strange way that Adam be more than a patient . katie uh , okay . but I can not stay long . int . adam' house . live room - later Adam and Katie sit on the couch play a ultra-violent video game . Katie be destroy Adam . katie you know you be terrible at this ? Adam be totally lose . he have zero sense of how to play . adam I have never play before . katie this be you playstation . adam do not mean I play it . Games this day today be so complicated . ( re : control ) ( more ) 75 . adam ( cont 'd ) there 's too many button . I can not keep track of what do what . katie ( laugh ) perhaps you would prefer something a little more simple . maybe a nice game of connect four or bingo . adam she have a sense of humor . Katie 's face light up . she 's proud of herself for that one . adam ( cont 'd ) duck hunt , now that be a game . you know why ? one button . Katie laugh . adam ( cont 'd ) you think I be kid . my dad and I use to have duck hunt tournament . he be actually really good . ( beat ) until he have he stroke . katie that must have be hard , see he lose he cognitive skill like that . this be the most emotionally honest we have ever see Adam . adam well the funny thing be that the stroke actually make he a better player , he just lose interest . Katie feel for Adam . katie you have never talk about you dad . adam well whose fault be that ? Doctor ? katie hey ! the two continue to play . Adam wildly push every button as Katie 's character pin Adam 's character and repeatedly slam he head into the ground . 76 . game over . Katie pat Adam on the shoulder . katie ( cont 'd ) rematch ? int . adam' kitchen - later that night Adam hold out a tray of wheat grass as he prepare to blend wheat grass shot . adam you ever have this stuff . katie no , but it 's suppose to be really good for you . adam well it smell like my grandmother . katie you complain a lot . adam you have not meet my mother . it 's a miracle I do anything but complain . katie I try not to look at the world like that . adam the world would be a boring place if we do not complain . come on . there 's get to be something . one thing , just one thing , that drive you nut . katie hmmm . ( fishing ) I really do not like it when people at work finish all the coffee and do not refill the pot . adam it 's infuriate right ? 77 . katie I would not say infuriate . it 's just not good work place etiquette . Adam be far more excited by this revelation . he hand Katie a shot of wheat grass and take one last sniff of the awful smell drink . he raise he glass to make a toast . adam to complain . Adam downs the drink and cringe at the taste . Katie follow , and in total disgust , she spit she wheat grass all over Adam 's face . katie oh god , that 's disgusting . I be so sorry . Katie grab a towel as Adam stand speechless . katie ( cont 'd ) hold on . I be so sorry . Adam keep he eye close as Katie wipe he face . adam be it all go ? for the first time , Katie notice how cute Adam be . Adam open he eye to catch Katie stare at he . they lock eye for a moment . uncomfortable , Adam avert he look . suddenly , Rachel walk through the front door . rachel ( o.c . ) Adam ? feeling a little foolish , Katie motion to leave . katie I should probably be go . Rachel enter the kitchen . rachel Adam ? adam finally . where have you be ? rachel ( mad ) I hope I be not interrupt . 78 . adam oh , this be Dr. mcrae , my therapist . rachel ( suspicious ) this be you therapist ? katie please , call I Katie . rachel ( suspicious ) ok . Katie . what be you do here ? adam she drive I home . Ring a bell ? rachel ugh . shit. ( sweet / nervous ) thank you so much for do that . life 's be a little crazy lately , which I be sure Adam have tell you all about . I love that shoe . katie thanks ... awkward silence . the tension be thick . katie ( cont 'd ) I be go to go . I will see you at we next session Adam . Katie leave . adam where have you be ? rachel I be at the gallery . adam ( pissed ) you be suppose to pick I up . 8 hour ago . rachel I know . I be sorry . I totally space . with the open only three month away my head 's just all over the place . ( off Adam 's look ) ( more ) 79 . rachel ( cont 'd ) do not look at I like that . you know this be a hard time for I . adam you be right . let I go back and talk to the doctor - see if maybe they can diagnose I with something that better suit you need . rachel ( defensive ) I be not just some car service here to shuttle you around ! adam and my house be not a summer camp . you can not just come and go as you please and not take some responsibility . rachel and what be it that I be not take responsibility for ? adam this . us. rachel I can not handle this ! you make it sound like I be you wife . adam you know what I think the other day ? that I might actually die without ever have sex again . rachel I be sorry if you cancer be not turn I on . Rachel begin to cry . rachel ( cont 'd ) you think this be easy for I see you sick like this ? the past few month have be hard on I too . it 's not always about you . adam ( relent ) I know . Adam tenderly wrap he arm around Rachel . 80 . a beat . rachel why be you so good ? adam you be my yam . int . adam' bedroom - later the same night Rachel stare at Adam as he sleep next to she in bed . she slowly move she index finger along Adam 's arm and then seductively kiss he neck . Adam firmly grab hold of Rachel and the two begin to go through the motion . clothes come off . Adam get on top of Rachel ... and then stop . rachel what 's wrong ? adam I can not . rachel why ? Adam look down . adam I do not know what 's wrong . ( defeated ) it will not work . Adam roll over onto he back . he and Rachel lay silent - neither make contact with the other . fade to : super : september int . hospital . chemotherapy treatment room - morning Adam sit down next to Mitch , but notice there 's no Alan . adam where 's Alan ? speechless , Mitch look up at Adam and slowly shake he head . tear roll down Mitch 's cheek . Adam 's face go white . 81 . ext . cemetery - day Adam and Mitch stand next to the rabbi . the tombstone read " alan liebowitz ( 1923-2007 ) finally . " the camera tilt up to the sky , and then down to reveal : ext . boca raton retirement community - day ( dream ) a healthy Adam be surround by dozen of energetic elderly people who be swim , play bocci ball , shuffle board , bridge , etc . Adam look on in confusion as a old man wear a official look badge drive by on a golf cart . adam Excuse I . the old man stop he cart . old man how can I help you ? adam where be I ? old man the after life . adam this be Heaven ? the old man scratch he ball . old man pretty great huh ? they have even get a freeze yogurt machine . the old man point to a long line of excited senior await they turn at a massive frozen yogurt sundae bar . a sign in front read " wait : 45 minute " . adam there be line in Heaven ? old man it 's worth it . end dream . 82. int . adam' house - night Adam jump from bed in cold sweat . int . synagogue . rabbi jacob be office - day Adam be seat in the rabbi 's office , he look despondent . rabbi so you want to know what 's go to happen when you die ? adam I think it 's a fair question . rabbi Fair yes , but impossible for I to answer . we death , like we life , have meaning and be all part of God 's plan . how should I know what God have plan for you . maybe if you come to service once in a while ... adam well be I go to go to Heaven ? rabbi probably . adam what if I want to just die ? that 's it . no Heaven . rabbi that 's like buy a ticket for a cruise and then not go . the afterlife be where the fun begin . adam how can be stick in some nonexistent void with my grandparent be fun . I spend my entire life try to get away from my family , now I be go to have to spend a eternity with they . rabbi Adam , you can not look at death as a curse . even in death we be all still part of god. life on Earth be just the beginning . 83. adam but that 's not what I want . rabbi ( frustrate ) oy . then find another religion . I do not make the rule . int . hospital . katie' office - day Adam be lie on the couch stare at the ceiling . there be total silence . katie you be be awfully quiet today . be everything okay ? adam I be go to die be not I ? katie what be you talk about ? adam it 's true . katie we do not know that . Adam sit up and look at Katie . adam I be not get any better . katie do not say that , you be do so well . adam do you know that they find a quasar 7 billion light year away ? 7 billion light year ! it 's more than 3 billion year older than we planet , and we be just see it now ; and you think I be go to live ? katie ( totally baffle ) what be you talk about ? 84 . adam Cancer be a epidemic ! it kill Alan , it 's go to kill I , and it 's go to kill million more after I . there 's nothing anybody can do . katie this be really good Adam . let it out . adam will you stop ! ( beat ) I can not do this anymore . it do not matter . none of it . I be go to die and with nothing to show for my life . 100 year from now my legacy be will be that of just another person dead of cancer . that 's it . katie this helplessness you be feel be normal . this emotion you be hold onto be what make you human . but it do not mean you can just stop live you life . ( beat ) look at how you have grow over the past few month , you can not just throw it all away ... talk to I . adam I know you be only try to help , but this be not work for I anymore . ( beat ) I be sorry . Adam leave . Katie be leave feel as though she fail . int . hospital - day Adam lie on the bed of a mri machine . his body be slowly draw into the enclose body scanner . int . adam' bathroom - morning time lapse : Adam 's stare at himself in the mirror . his health deteriorate even more . super : november 85 . look at himself in the mirror , Adam take note of he hollow cheek and wear eye . he look awful , like a old man . there be not any youth leave . he 's not get any better , and he know it . notice a few renegade hair stick up , Adam pull out a lint brush and comb he head . Rachel enter and step up on the scale . she examine herself in the mirror . adam I need a new lint brush . rachel okay , I will pick one up . adam and I have a doctor 's appointment next Thursday ... the big one . Rachel continue to examine she waist . rachel be I get fat ? Adam stare at Rachel . rachel ( cont 'd ) what ? adam be you listen to I ? rachel ( annoyed ) yes . adam so you will take I ? rachel of course . Rachel leave . in frustration Adam weakly pick up the scale and throw it against the wall , smash it . CUT to : int . adam' live room - day Adam sit alone in he empty house . it 's a mess . he look unhinge . 86 . he slowly pull a hit from a joint as he watch matlock on he flat screen tv , which have be move to the floor to make room for Rachel 's painting . Adam flip the channel to martha Stewart , then to I Love Lucy , then to General Hospital , then to body Building on espn . he turn the tv off . he 's bored . Adam cross to the answer machine . it read " 10 message . " he press play . all the message be from he mother . he hit delete . Adam read through a stack of unopen letter . he come across a postcard from the Museum advertising " Mountain Dew present : the origins of man " . dissolve to : int . san diego museum of natural history - day close on : the " Mountain Dew present : the origins of man " poster in the Museum 's main entrance . Adam enter the museum and walk up to the sign . people stop and stare , stunne by Adam 's gaunt appearance - like a ghost haunt the grounds . Adam carry a wide smile , he 's overcome with a sense of nostalgia for he old job . int . phil be office - moment later phil and Adam sit in phil 's office . phil you look great . adam really ? phil ( insincere ) yeah , look at you . adam I want to come back to work . phil ( in disbelief ) you want to come back ? here ? adam what 's so crazy about that ? 87 . phil you could be anywhere right now , and this be that place ? adam yeah . phil be you sure that 's a good idea ? phil be tread a fine line ... phil ( cont 'd ) ... give ... you current health ? adam you say I look great . phil yeah for a guy with cancer . Adam look deject . phil feel bad , he go too far . phil ( cont 'd ) alright , what the hell ? I would love to have you back . let 's be honest this place be fall apart without you . adam thank you phil . phil ( sympathetically ) so you be really okay ? I mean , the cancer , be - adam oh it 's really good . we have come to a understanding . it take whatever it want and deplete I of my every will to live , and I let it . phil , second - guess he decision - phil welcome back . int . museum . pompeii exhibit - later Seth lead a tour of foreign tourist through the museum . he speak as he do earlier - like a game show host . 88. seth and if you look over on you leave you will see we newest exhibit " the last day pompeii . " buried in 79 ad by the catastrophic eruption of mt. vesuvius , pompeii remain hide and forget until 1748 when archeologist begin to excavate the site . here we see exquisitely preserve object that offer a glimpse into the day - to - day life of this ancient city . Seth come upon Adam who be work closely on a diorama . seth ( cont 'd ) this here be Adam , one of we curator . Adam do you want to tell we what you be work on ? adam ( upbeat ) gladly . this here be a depiction of what pompeii 's final 19 hour probably look like . Adam 's exhibit be a highly morbid depiction of pompeii 's final hour . the scene be total chaos . ash fly through the air . hot molten lava engulf the town . miniature man , woman , and child run through the street in horror . people be sacrifice whatever they can for the god . there 's a wild orgy in the street . and a giant tyrannosaurs rex model devour a villager . adam ( cont 'd ) accord to pliny the younger - " you could hear woman lament , child cry , man shouting . there be some so afraid of death that they pray for death . many raise they hand to the god , and even more believe that there be no god any longer , and that this be one unending night for the world . " the tourist take picture . in shock , Seth quickly shuttle the group away . seth ok . move along we see the beautiful watercolor painting of John James audobon . 89 . Seth look back at Adam like he 's lose he mind . int . museum . hall - later the sound of someone vomit can be hear booming from the man 's bathroom . a crowd of Museum guest walk past in horror . they look at each other in fear . the toilet flush . Adam walk out . everyone stare . Adam smile in embarrassment . adam ( awkward ) I will be in pompeii if anyone need I . Adam walk back to the pompeii exhibit . phil approach . phil you feel okay ? you do not look so good . adam could be worse . right ? phil notice the pompeii exhibit . phil ( startled ) Jesus ! phil feel terrible about what he 's go to say next . phil ( cont 'd ) listen Adam ... I do not know how to say this ... phil place a comforting hand on Adam 's shoulder . adam do not worry ... I get it . you be a good guy . phil come back when you be better . you know you will always have a home here . int . museum . origins of man exhibit - moment later distraught , Adam walk down the Hall of evolution . slouch in defeat , he pass the various diorama depict human evolution . he begin at modern human and walk backwards in time . 90 . he come to the family of cro magnon , then neanderthal man . he stop and look at neanderthal - they slump profile match . he continue down the hall towards the exit . ext . san diego boardwalk - afternoon Adam walk along the boardwalk . he 's surround by perfection . the beach . the water . the blue sky . hundred of beautiful man and woman in they 20' and 30' : jogging , bike , surfing , skate board , play volleyball , etc . he look like a raisin among grape . ext . adam' house - day Adam stand impatiently on he porch . he look at he watch and then dial he phone . rachel ( v.o. ) hey , it 's Rachel . I must be do something really important . I will give you a call when I be do ... yay ! Adam 's face be red with fury . he do he best to hold back . adam ( sweet ) hey , it 's Adam . where be you ? maybe you forget , but my appointment be today . so call I back . enrage , Adam hang up . adam ( cont 'd ) fuck ! Adam pick up he phone and dial again . seth ( v.o. ) yoooooo . adam hey man , I need you to do I - seth ( v.o. ) not around . leave a message . Adam hang up and dial again . 91 . edith ( o.s. ) ( yelling ) hello , Adam hold the phone away from he ear and cringe . a pang of regret run through he body . adam hi mom . int . hospital examination room - later edith , Art and Adam sit in the exam room , each read they respective magazine - minus Art who be lose somewhere in he own world . the tension be thick . edith look at she watch and shiver . there 's a knock at the door . a cute nurse enter . cute nurse the Doctor want I to apologize for run late , he 's just in with another patient , but should be out in a few minute . you guy hold up alright ? edith it 's very cold in here . be there anyway you can turn down the Air condition ? cute nurse unfortunately the temperature be control by a central thermostat . edith my son have cancer . cute nurse ( feel bad ) I be sorry , really , if I could I would , but there 's nothing I can do . Adam 's piss that he mother have just involved he . adam ( smile to the nurse ) do not worry about it . ( scowl at edith ) I be fine . cute nurse be you sure ? I could get you a blanket . 92 . adam no , really , I be okay . but thank you . edith I would love a blanket . adam ( to the cute nurse ) we be fine . cute nurse okay , but you let I know if you need anything . the nurse smile at Adam in sympathy , he smile back . the cute nurse exit . edith ( re : the cute nurse ) I do not like she . edith put she hand on Adam 's forehead . he look at she hand and then pick up a magazine in a attempt to ignore she . edith ( cont 'd ) you feel warm . adam I be fine . edith pull some pill out she fanny pack . edith take this . adam ( annoyed ) you be like some kind of derange pusher . edith do you know what it 's like to fear lose you son ? no . you do not . when you have child of you own we can discuss it . now take the pill . Adam put the pill in he mouth and pretend to swallow . edith get up from she chair . as soon as he mother turn away , Adam spit the pill into he hand . edith pace around the room look at the Doctor 's various degree on the wall . 93. Adam look on , annoyed at every step he mother take . edith close in on one of the degree and put on she read glass for further examination . edith ( cont 'd ) ( disapproving ) huh . adam what ? edith oh nothing . adam ( annoyed ) what ? edith it 's nothing , he go to a state college . adam you be unbelievable . edith I just worry that you be not get the best care possible . Adam can not take it anymore . adam well who need a doctor when they have get you and you fanny pack ? edith you can be a little shit sometimes , you know that ? you think I do not know what 's best for you ? I birthed you . you come out of I . I be you mother , for better or for worse , so accept it . ( re : fanny pack ) you do not like this , well I be sorry . it 's my own way of caring . adam ( snap ) well stop ! you be drive I crazy . with the comment and the pill every five minute . just stop . I be not dad . I can take care of myself . 94 . edith turn away , Adam 's word hurt . adam ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I do not mean it . edith blow she nose as tear roll down she cheek . edith yes you do . I drive you crazy . Adam gently put he hand on edith 's shoulder . adam Mom . edith turn to Adam helpless and scared . edith you be all I have get . look at you father . we see Art sit in the chair pick he nose . edith ( cont 'd ) I have lose he . my true love , go . I be never go see he again , at least not in this life . ( beat ) he spend he whole life priding himself on he independence , always too stubborn to ask for help and now look at the son of a bitch . ( to art ) you happy ? you like shitting yourself ? adam Mom ! edith he be the great thing to ever happen to I . and then I have you , and that be even great . so if I hover and threaten you independence , so what ? you have a mother who love you more than anything . be that so awful ? adam no . it 's not . Adam and edith share a moment ... Dr. Ross storm in the room carry a stack of mri film . he seem rush . 95 . dr . ross sorry to keep you folk wait . it 's be one of that day ... car get tow . wife double park it . Adam and edith look at Dr Ross with blank stare . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) anyway I will cut to the chase . the cancer 's not respond to the chemo . Dr. Ross place the mri into the light box . dr . ross ( cont 'd ) as you can see ... the tumor be continue to grow here , along the nerve . Adam and edith squint to see what Ross be talk about , but see nothing . adam so what do we do ? dr . ross we need to operate . if we do not remove it soon we risk metastasis . adam but you say surgery be too risky . dr . ross we be out of option . tear roll down edith 's cheek . Adam grab hold of she hand . edith but he 's go to be okay , right ? you be go to fix it . Dr. Ross sit , he know this can not be easy for a mother . dr . ross this surgery be no guarantee . the risk be tremendous . and , even if we be able to remove the tumor there 's still the chance that Adam , you will never be able to walk again . Adam look at he mother . he firmly grab hold of she hand . 96 . adam do that mean ... I can get handicap parking ? Adam 's line break the tension force a slight smile across edith 's face . int . adam' house - later that night distraught and emotionally wear , Adam enter to discover the smell of a home cook meal . he walk through the house . int . adam' kitchen - continuous he stand in the doorway of the kitchen stare at Rachel cooking . Rachel turn around . she 's in high spirit . rachel hey you . Rachel gleefully skip over and give Adam a sweet kiss on the cheek . adam smell good . rachel the girl and I be have a movie night . I somehow get sucker into cooking . ( off Adam 's look ) do not worry I leave you some . Adam feign a smile , hide the pain of he heart break in a thousand piece . suddenly Rachel 's iphone vibrate . she pick it up , and read she text message . her face light up as she read . she quickly type a reply . adam ( suspicious ) who 's that ? rachel Susan . she want to know what time I be come over . adam ( even more suspicious ) that 's what she just texted ? ( more ) 97 . adam ( cont 'd ) she want to know what time you be go over to she house ? Rachel put the phone down on the counter and return to she cooking . rachel uh huh . adam alright , well I be gonna go lie down . rachel I might be out late so do not wait up . Adam walk to the bedroom . after a beat he move back to the doorway and pop he head around the corner . he quietly watch Rachel cross from the kitchen into the live room . he stealthily step into the kitchen , pick Rachel 's iphone off the counter and scroll through she text message . adam ( to self ) what the fuck ? Rachel enter the kitchen . rachel what be you do ? adam who 's James ? rachel my art partner . adam ( be : text message ) he want to know if you be still come over tonight . should I tell he you be have a girl night ? ( continue reading ) oh wait , you already tell he to bring the wine . ( look up ) that 's funny . it seem as though you have double book yourself . rachel I can not believe you just invade my privacy like that . 98 . adam ( reading phone ) oh , you just get another text from he . he say " you skin be the canvas upon which my dream be paint ... Rachel reach for the phone . Adam pull away . rachel ( fuming ) give I back my phone . adam ( reading ) " hope you be not too sore from this afternoon . " ( a beat ) he seem sweet . rachel Adam , it 's not what you think . adam well now how do you know what I be think ? rachel do not be like that . I do not do anything wrong . adam ( serious ) you have be cheating on I . rachel Adam you be be ridiculous . adam be I ? Adam hold up Rachel 's phone to display a photo of Rachel naked , cover in red paint . adam ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? Adam scroll through a entire series of nude photo of Rachel - all ridiculously artistic . adam ( cont 'd ) and this ? and this ? and this ? there be over a dozen naked photo of you in here . 99 . suddenly the back door swing open . oblivious , Seth enter . seth hey guy . Adam and Rachel say nothing . Seth can tell he just walk into some major shit . seth ( cont 'd ) bad time ? Adam and Rachel say nothing . Seth take a peak at Rachel 's iphone . seth ( cont 'd ) ( impressed ) whoa ! Nice ! now that I would put on the wall . ( off Adam 's look ) I can see you be in the middle of something . I will just be in the other room . Seth cross to the live room . Rachel pick up the conversation where they leave off . rachel it 's a portrait series , comment on post- colonial patriarchy in the congo . ( off Adam 's look ) ... that 's it . nothing more . adam have you lose you mind ? I have the most important appointment of my life today and you miss it because you be off with you " art partner " ... and what the fuck do you know about Africa ? Rachel totally forget about he appointment . the guilt run through she body . rachel oh shit . I forget . please , Adam , I be so sorry . ( concerned ) what do the doctor say ? adam do you cheat on I ? 100 . rachel ( crying ) Adam stop . tell I what the doctor say . adam did - you -cheat-on-me !? like a child be scold , Rachel 's face say it all . rachel ( pouting ) be you go to break up with I ? adam no . ( beat ) I be go to pretend you never exist . rachel ( crying hysterically ) please . I do not want to break up . adam you know , you have a pretty fuck up way of show you commitment . rachel I tell you I could not handle this ! Rachel stare at Adam with she adorable green eye . she take he hand . rachel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I love you . they embrace . a beat . Adam let go . he look Rachel in the eye . adam I want you out my house . Adam walk out the back door . Seth enter the kitchen and get in Rachel 's face . he stare she down . seth shame on you . Seth exit out the back door . 101 . ext . yacht club - later that night Adam and Seth sit on the bow of a dock sail boat . the two have have a lot to drink . Adam be understandably upset . seth you skin be the canvas upon which my dream be paint ? adam ( disgust ) I know . seth ( beat ) be " dream " a metaphor , for - Seth make a masturbate motion with he hand . adam you remember the last time we come out here ? seth prom night . how could I forget ? Jen Zabrowski go down on I right where you be sit . adam that memory be so far from I , seth Jen give I a blow job ? adam no , prom night . it feel like a lifetime ago ... I know it happen , but that 's it . it 's like someone else 's memory . Adam stare out at the ocean . reality check . seth you okay ? Adam throw he beer bottle into the ocean . adam I can not believe this be all actually happen . seth the girl or the cancer ? 102 . adam both . seth it 's some pretty fuck up shit . adam you know , I use to think that I be actually go to spend the rest of my life with Rachel ... grant that might not be so far off . ( shake he head ) what a waste . Seth put he arm around he . seth we need to get you laid . adam ( annoyed ) do not you ever give up ? seth no . adam seriously , who 's go to have sex with I ? seth some girl be into it ? adam I look like powder . ( beat ) plus I have erectile dysfunction ... temporary . I hope . seth then let 's go get I laid . Seth stand , and then stumble . he 's really drunk . adam I think I should drive . seth you do not have a license . adam you be drunk . 103 . seth do you even know how to drive ? adam how hard can it be ? seth hard enough that you do not have a license . adam ( somber ) this might be my last chance . seth driving ! you care about drive ! we could be on everest get high on ayahuasca with sherpas , and you want to drive !... forget it , I give up . drive . the two get off the boat and climb into Seth 's car . Adam put the key in the ignition . without check the mirror , he back the car up . boom the car slam into a giant statue of Neptune riding a sea horse . seth ( cont 'd ) hey miss Daisy , will you please watch where you go ? adam what ? I do not see it . seth that 's what the mirror be for . Adam pull out of the parking lot . seth ( cont 'd ) turn right . adam I know what I be do . Adam turn leave onto a one way street . it 's the wrong way . seth apparently not . you 're go the wrong way ! a oncoming car honk and swerve out of the way - only nearly avoid a head on collision . 104 . seth ( cont 'd ) Adam ! turn the car around . adam no . I be drive and I want to go this way . another car swerve out of the way . seth what the fuck be wrong with you ? adam for once can you just shut up and let I do this ? so I be drive the wrong way ? Big fuck deal . Seth pull the emergency brake . the car stop abruptly . seth you be a idiot . a beat . adam get out . seth this be my car . Adam look like he 's about to erupt . adam get ! out ! Seth look at Adam speechless , and then get out of the car . seth you be be a real douche . Adam lock the door and sit quietly for a moment . he then proceed scream at the top of he lung . 25 year worth of suppress emotion come out . Adam pull out he cell phone . Seth notice . he try to open the door . it 's lock . seth ( cont 'd ) Adam , open the door . Adam ignore Seth and begin to dial . 105 . seth ( cont 'd ) do not you dare call she . not after everything she 's do to you . Adam give Seth the finger . seth ( cont 'd ) you be a pussy . adam well you be a selfish piece of shit who care more about get he dick wet than actually be a friend . Seth look hurt . Adam hold the phone up to he head . int . bedroom - same time ( intercut ) the phone ring . a dark figure in bed sit up and turn on the bedside lamp . it 's not Rachel , it 's Katie . katie ( asleep ) hello . adam I do not want to die . katie Adam ? Katie sit up . she 's awake now . adam I be 25 year old and I have never even be to Canada . I have not live my life ! ( beat ) I be really , really scared . katie I know . adam I be sorry for the way I act . I should have never storm out like that . katie it be wrong of I to push you the way I do . I be not listen . ( more ) 106 . katie ( cont 'd ) I could never have handle all of this the way you have . adam you mean like a complete asshole ? Katie laugh . and then silence , she really care about he . katie I think you be really brave . adam if I do not die , I think we should go on a date . katie Adam , I be not sure if that 's a good idea . adam why not ? katie not only be I you therapist , but you be also my first patient , ever . what kind of precedent would I be set ? adam it make for a nice incentive . katie I can not date you . adam ( playful ) yes you can . katie no I can not . adam yes , you can . katie no I can not . adam a wise person once tell I - you can not change the wind , but you can adjust the sail . 107 . katie ( laugh ) Adam I can not date you . adam ( coy ) that 's what you think . suddenly Adam pass out . his head slam into the steering wheel . the horn blare . katie Adam ? Adam ? Adam ? CUT to : ext . seth's apartment - later that night Seth and Adam stagger into the building . int . seth's apartment - continuous Adam and Seth enter the dingy studio apartment - it look like it have not be clean in year . Adam scoops up some dust with he finger . Seth be unusually quiet . both guy be be distant . Seth pull down the Murphy bed and the two awkwardly avoid eye contact as they undress . Adam climb into bed . he notice a book call " coping with you love one 's Cancer " on Seth 's bedside table . the book be wear and have multiple book mark - indicate it 's be read . Adam look at Seth , he have he peg all wrong . Seth clap he hand . the light turn off . adam good night . seth night . lying in bed , Adam hear a strange noise , he tilt he head to the side to see Seth breathe heavily and stare at he . adam ( uncomfortable ) what be you do ? seth watch you sleep . 108 . adam it 's a little creepy . seth I know . I can not help it . Seth lay back on he pillow and hold onto Adam 's hand . they both stare up at the ceiling - terrify about the future . ext . fox meadow galleria parking lot - next day Seth 's car enter the mall parking lot and park . voice mall operator ( v.o. ) you have 2 new message . first message . a beep . richard mathesson ( v.o. ) hi Adam , this be Richard mathesson , you family 's estate lawyer . you mother ask I to call . we need to talk about potential , ah , well just call I , there be some potential arrangement we need to work out . int . men' wearhouse - moment later Adam and Seth browse through rack of mens suit . Adam come upon one he like . the sale clerk approach . sale clerk Sir can I help you with anything today ? adam ( hold up suit ) you think this be a good suit to wear to you own funeral ? sale clerk no , what you want be on level 3 . CUT to : ext . redwood funeral home / cemetery - same day Seth 's car drive up the long driveway of the Cemetery . 109 . voice mail operator ( v.o. ) next message . a beep . dr . ross ( v.o. ) Adam , this be Dr. Ross . good news , I be able to expedite the wait for you surgery . you schedule for tomorrow morning at 7:00 be with Dr. Lamb . please call my office if you have any question . ext . funeral home / cemetery - later a mortician , stout and dignify , with a slight british accent lead Adam and Seth on a tour of the cemetery grounds . mortician here at linden we be more than just a stop ground for the decease . we understand that life be different for everyone , and help family to see they love one off to the hereafter mean approach every funeral and burial with it 's own dignity and care ... a funeral be a representation of the individual time spend on earth , so I ask you to reflect on you inevitable interment and think carefully in choose the service and tomb that best befit you . seth what about a Viking funeral ? mortician ( intrigued ) I be not familiar . seth ( talk out of he ass ) you know , we put he on a boat ... cover it with ... dirt and ... branch ... whatever you can find . we push it out ... into the sea ... or the ocean ... and then shoot flame arrow , boom ! it catch on fire ... and that 's it . it 's awesome . the mortician stop and look at Seth . he 's not even go to dignify Seth with a reply . a beat . 110 . mortician ( point to grave plot ) here you be , the schwartz family plot . Adam and Seth look at the row of schwartz family tombstone . up front be a empty gap , presumably where Adam and he parent be to go . Adam and Seth stare at the grave as we : dissolve to : int . hospital pre - op room - early morning Adam lie on a gurney . dr . lamb , the neurosurgeon perform Adam 's surgery enter . he 's wire on espresso . behind he be nurse wong who look like she would rather be anywhere else . dr . lamb good morning Adam , how be you feel ? good. good. good. good. despite Dr. Lamb 's already thick glass , he hold Adam 's medical chart right up to he to he face . dr . lamb ( cont 'd ) so we be go to be remove you kidney ? right ? or be it the leave ? just kid . that 's doctor humor . Adam force a small chuckle . he 's completely terrify . dr . lamb ( cont 'd ) nurse Wong here need you to sign a few papers , so I be go to leave she to do she job , and I will see you after the surgery . Dr. Lamb exit . nurse Wong hand Adam a giant pile of disclaimer to sign . adam what be all this ? nurse wong Hospital liability and disclaimer form ... in case they need to fuse you spine or remove any organ . you know , the usual . adam oh , great . ( to himself ) ( more ) 111 . adam ( cont 'd ) glad to hear there 's nothing unusual about remove organ . Adam sign the document and hand they back to nurse Wong . nurse wong you have some visitor . as nurse Wong exit , edith and Art enter . edith there he be . edith pull a strip of pill out of she fanny pack . she hand they to Adam like she 's slip he illegal drug . edith ( cont 'd ) here take this . they be special . I get they from Canada . Adam look closely at the pill - they read " nuprin . " adam ( perplexed ) Mom , this be nuprin . edith I know be not it great ? Adam look at he mother , perplex by she logic . adam ( shrug ) what the hell . Adam downs the pill . Art whisper closely into he ear . art I gotta new coat . adam that 's great dad . art brook Brothers . silk pocket . feel . Adam stick he hand inside the pocket of Art 's coat . art ( cont 'd ) feel . adam I be feel . 112 . Art grab hold of Adam 's hand and stare at he son . a beat . art I love you son . adam I love you too dad . Katie knock on the door . katie hello ? Katie slowly enter hold a bouquet of flower . edith examine she . this be too awkward . adam egh they . mom. mom. Adam nod for he mother to leave . edith alright . come on Art , let 's go to the wait room . on she way out , edith turn to Katie and notice a cross around she neck . edith ( cont 'd ) ( displeased ) hmmm . edith and Art exit . Adam be leave alone with Katie . they be both nervous . katie I bring you flower . not sure why , I do not know what else - adam they be great , thank you . Katie sit on the bed next to Adam . katie so how you do ? adam I be a little freak out . a small german anesthesiologist enter . there be something incredibly unsettle about she thick accent . 113. anesthesiologist hello Adam , I be the anesthesiologist . I will give you shot to make you sleep . Adam hold Katie 's hand . adam will you be here when I wake up ? katie I be not go anywhere . anesthesiologist now relax , this will take a few minute to feel the effect . the anesthesiologist inject the drug into Adam 's iv . adam ( terrified ) about how long ? anesthesiologist relax , you will soon begin the sleep . adam well what if it do not work . how do you know I will not wake in the middle of the surgery ? what if I - just like that , Adam 's out cold . int . hospital surgical amphitheater - later Adam be face down on the operate table . two neurosurgeons , Dr. Lamb and dr . henry be in mid surgery . alongside the two doctor be nurse Wong and nurse scott . dr . henry I be tell you Sir Francis drake be a buccaneer . dr . lamb no he be a privateer . nurse scott I think he be a pirate . 114 . dr . lamb a pirate work for no one but himself . a privateer have a mandate from a government . dr . henry I think that be a buccaneer . dr . lamb no , a buccaneer be a butcher turn pirate . dr . henry then what 's a mercenary ? dr . lamb ( frustrate ) nurse Wong . will you Google it ? stand to the side of the operate table be the group of Med student from earlier . they be still take note . int . hospital waiting room - continuous edith , Art and Seth sit impatiently watch the clock . Katie pace up and down the hall . hour go by . time can not seem to go by quick enough . CUT to : int . hospital waiting room - later Dr. Lamb find edith , Katie and Seth in the wait room . dr . lamb we be successful in the extraction of the tumor . however , as you can imagine , with something of this magnitude ... there be some unforeseen complication . the bone corrosion be much great than initially anticipate . we have to remove part of the hip and pelvis , as well as most of the psoa muscle . we also have to remove a good amount of sheath tissue around the sciatic nerve , the damage to that nerve be considerable , which be go to hinder he ability to walk ... he 's in stable condition right now , but it 's touch and go . 115 . int . hospital icu - moment later Adam 's in he hospital bed - still asleep from the surgery . a nurse come in to change he iv . Adam slowly awaken . he be high on morphine . he stare , mesmerize by the nurse . adam that be the most beautiful dress . where do you get it ? Dr. Lamb enter . dr . lamb Adam , I see you be awake . adam I be here . dr . lamb how be you feel ? adam I feel wonderful . dr . lamb that would be the morphine . Dr. Lamb pick up a handle that 's attach to the morphine drip and stick it in Adam 's hand . dr . lamb ( cont 'd ) I want you to push this little button any time you feel pain . it will trigger the morphine . you think you can do that ? Adam move he hand really slowly in the air - adam Magic ! Art and edith enter the room . Adam react like a little kid be pick up from pre-school . adam ( cont 'd ) mommy ! daddy ! edith ( crying ) my little boy . 116 . adam remember the time you walk in on I masturbate ?... that be so awkward ... what hotel be this ? we need to go on more vacation . Katie pop she head out from behind Adam 's parent . adam ( cont 'd ) you be here too ! you be soooooo awesome ... ( sing song ) Katie mcrae , Katie mcrae , Katie mcrae . mic- rae , Dr. awesome mic- rae ... I would love to make you pancake sometime . suddenly the most excruciate pain run through Adam 's body cause he to scream in agony . adam ( cont 'd ) pain ! pain ! pain ! pain ! pain ! pain ! pain ! pain ! katie squeeze the morphine trigger ! Adam squeeze the trigger . the morphine offer immediate relief . he lay back in total bliss , and then ... fade out to white light . ext . beach house - day super : november a door bell . a hand reach out . a finger on that hand push the door bell . the other hand hold a bouquet of flower . the hand belong to Mitch 's wife , margaret ( 80 ) . she stand on the porch of a small beach bungalow . the front door open . Margaret look straight ahead . nothing . she then look down , startle by Adam in a wheelchair . margaret ( startled ) oh , hello , I do not see you , ah down there . there 's a glow in Adam 's face - he look young and more jovial than we have ever see . 117 . adam you must be Margaret . margaret yes , I be look for Adam schwartz . adam that 's I . margaret ( face light up ) you be Adam ? the way Mitch describe you , I always assume you to be much older . about 50 year older . but , you be just a baby ... Adam blushes . adam I be so glad you could make it . ( solemn ) I be really sorry about Mitch . margaret I too . adam please come inside . you be just in time . Adam lead Margaret inside , past a dozen oversize box . adam ( cont 'd ) sorry about the mess . I just move in ... the ocean air be suppose to be good for my recovery . int . adam' live room - continuous Adam and Margaret enter the live room . everyone 's there : edith , Art , Katie and Seth . Seth and Katie be play a video game : duck hunt . edith set food on the table . adam ( to margaret ) we be have a duck hunt tournament . you play ? 118. margaret ( laugh ) I ? oh I do not know how to play video game . Adam hold up the controller - a old nintendo gun . adam it 's really easy . one button do everything . edith chime in from across the room . edith this food 's not go to eat itself . everyone make they way to the table . visibly weak , Adam slowly lift himself out of the wheelchair . he yelp in pain . Katie start to help when Seth intervene . seth I get it . Seth grab hold of Adam , and with he help , Adam take a small step and then lower himself into he seat at the table . Katie place a pillow behind Adam 's back . Adam take Katie 's hand , she look down at he , they exchange a smile . Adam notice and open window . adam ( to seth ) you mind ? Seth ignore Adam as he fill both they plate with food . adam ( cont 'd ) please . I think there 's a red tide or something . my eye be all itchy . it feel like someone be rub sandpaper on my corneas . seth ( as he serve Adam ) nope . you do not have cancer anymore . no more special treatment . adam I be still in remission . 119 . edith you gonna spend the rest of you life complain ? adam ( proud ) I like complain . we freeze on the family sit around the dinner table . we hear the song " that 's the Way the World go round " by John prine as we : fade to black . the end