531 a Drama by Thomas A. Brown & Rob goodman copyright '' 1998 by Thomas A. Brown & Rob goodman contact : Thomas A. Brown p.o. box 273613 boca raton , FL 33427 ( 561 ) 393-5384 - Tom ( 954 ) 763-7939 - Rob int taxi cab - parking garage - day at rise we see the interior of a taxicab . the trunk be open and the number of the cab be reveal through the rear window . it read 531 . we see the cab lower as if something of weight have be place in the trunk . the trunk then close . we hear key jingling and footstep . a person walk around to the driver side and open the door . we be introduce to jesus . Jesus look at the picture on the cab driver id . he pull a lighter and melt the picture to a unrecognizable state . we see a picture of young Latin boy stick to the dashboard . Jesus start the cab and listen to it purr . he gently stroke the dashboard . he drive toward the garage exit . he approach a security guard that stop he . the security guard lean on the driver 's window . dialogue in spanglish guard where 's you sheet ? jesus oh , my sheet . damn ! guard ( friendly ) what 's the matter with you ? every day , ten year , you gotta sheet ! today no sheet ! you be soft ! jesus before I cash out . I will drop it by . guard upstair will have my ass . jesus it look like they have it already . guard Wise guy ! get outta here ! cab 531 pull out of the garage . int taxi cab - jesus 's house - day 531 park in front of Jesus 's house . Jesus get out and leave the driver side door open . we watch as Jesus walk up to the front door . he open it , leave it open and disappear inside . a few second later Jesus emerge from the house carry a small cooler and a box . he walk back to the cab . once inside the cab , Jesus begin take various item out of the box . he begin decorate the cab with this item . among this item be a stack of Polaroid picture . he then reach into the small cooler , take out a burrito and begin eat . int taxi cab - bum on corner - day Jesus pull up to a traffic light . he look over and see several bum on the street corner . one of the bum take off he jacket and put it around the shoulder of another . Jesus witness this take place . int taxi cab - ice cream girl - day Jesus pull up to a stoplight and wait . on the street corner , there be two girl lick ice cream cone . the girl taunt Jesus by point and laugh . Jesus get out of the cab , open he pants and moon the two girl . the girl react . the light change before he get back in the cab and the car behind begin to honk . Jesus turn and moon they as well . he get back in and drive off . int taxi cab - newspaper man - day 531 stop at a stoplight . a transient newspaper salesman approach Jesus . Jesus exchange a banana for a newspaper . int taxi cab - railroad crossing - sunset 531 pull up to a train signal just as the gate be come down . Jesus wait as the train pass by . the set sun flash between the pass train car . the silhouette reflect off Jesus 's face . he be eat a burrito . int taxi cab - CITY STREET - first fare - night Jesus pull 531 over to the curb and pick up a fare . a man in he forty and a young woman in she twenty open the door . the woman get in first . the man be delay a few second by a cordial conversation with a woman on the street . they be both dress in formal attire and look impeccable . man drive . jesus where to ? man just drive . jesus ok . you say drive so I drive . that be my job to drive . ok . woman I tell you , I feel dryness this morning . the woman be have trouble breathe . she take out a asthma breather and take two puff . man do not speak . I could not take one more sound emitting from you body . I be weak as it be . ( pause , loosen tie ) what be you try to do ? the woman do not respond . she begin to breathe normally . she be look at the picture and item around the cab . man ( continue ) it 's obvious . what the hell be that ? what be that ? in all my year I have never hear anything , anything like that before . woman what do you want I to say ? man horrible . absolutely horrible . the eight year old girl be better . she have talent . discipline . form . it 's all about form . woman I follow the form … . man that right there , be a lack of discipline . if you have discipline we would not be have this conversation . ( pause ) I could not believe my ear , I should have bring a damn q - tip . alley cat have harmony . woman must you do this ? man backstage . do you eat glass or gargle with sand ? woman it be not that bad . man ruine I be . I talk you up like you be the great thing since pavaratti . woman I do not ask for promotion man Charles from the post be there . Austin kane from the philharmonic , and … ah … the other one from the Opera … woman becker . man becker ! that 's right becker . good friend of mine . I pull string … and they come to hear static in stereo . ( pause ) I can not wait to read oscar 's column on Monday . woman I can not bear this … man try listen to yourself sing sometime . this be nothing . the woman notice the head of a child 's plastic toy in the back window . it be obvious that the rest of the toy be miss . she pick it up and hold it in she lap . Close up dissolve to : int taxi cab - lamb flashback - black & white the hand of a small child hold the same lamb intact . the child be sing . the child 's mother be flushed and rush . she desperately search through she purse for money . child Little lamb , little lamb , little lamb … mother where be it .. we be so late … child Mary have a little lamb whose fleece be white as snow … mother how much again ? jesus six fifty . child mommy , mommy … look ! look mommy ! mother mommy need you to sit still … oh where be it … child look ! look ! she 's dance ! ( hum ) Mary have a little lamb … mother sit still ! child ( hum ) Little lamb , little lamb … mother just sit back ! all I have be six … child ( hum ) Mary have a little lamb … jesus that 's ok . mother I be not gonna tell you again ! child whose fleece be white as snow … the mother turn and slap the child . the toy lamb 's head break off . the child be hold the lamb 's body . the mother find the money for Jesus and pay he . there be a camera flash which end the flashback . Jesus have just take the picture of the man and woman . man ( startle ) what the hell … what be that ? jesus I hang it later . man I can not see a damn thing . you should tell people you be gonna do that … asshole … woman can I see it ? man White spot everywhere … jesus you have to shake it . Jesus shake the picture and then hand it to the woman . man a cabbie with a camera . what be you gonna do with that . jesus just little piece , of a big puzzle . man weirdo . the woman be still look at the picture . the man take the picture from she and trys to tear it in half . he become frustrated when he can not . he then remember he previous conversation . man ( continue ) look at I . look at my face ! Jesus adjust the mirror to see the man 's face . man ( continue ) be this the look we rehearse nine week for ? ( pause ) be it ? woman no . man be this the face you want ? the face of disappointment ? woman the piece be … man the piece be perfect ! you will practice until you get it right . practice ! practice ! pracitce ! practice ! I will not stand for second best . from the top ! woman from the top ? man ( snap finger ) yes ! C ’mon let 's go ! let 's go ! woman here ? now ? man here ! now ! C ’mon let 's go ! the woman , befuddle by he request , clear the throat , breath and then begin to sing '' Ave Maria '' . the man stop she almost immediately . man ( continue ) see that ? hear that ? ( to Jesus ) hear that ? that burst . must be like this . see! looser ! not choppy . again ! ( snap finger ) the woman continue to sing . she be nervous and flustered . she be hang on to every look from the man . man ( continue ) no! no ! no ! have you learn nothing ? like this ! ( he demonstrate ) again ! woman we be in a cab man I do not care . you need to practice form . start from the warm up . you breathe … hey cabbie what 's with you meter ? jesus Broken . man Broken . what kind of cab you run here ? jesus I remember everything … Jesus tap he head with he finger like he 's get it all write down in he head . man picture , now this . I be not pay he … woman can not this wait ? man let 's go ! woman the studio be just up the street . man you breathe , you breathe ! the woman begin to take deep breath . man ( continue ) what be you do ? woman breathe . man from the diaphragm ? woman of course . man how can you do it sit up ? woman well we be in a … man you must lay down to do it correctly . woman my gown … man lie down . woman we be in a cab ! man let 's go . woman it 's dirty … man you will get this right if it kill we . the woman reluctantly lie down on the floor of the cab on she back . she begin she diaphragm breathe exercise . ext taxi cab - woman stop cab just then , a woman be run down the street towards 531 , cause Jesus to slam on the brake . the man be throw forward into the back of the front seat and injure he shoulder . the woman lie on the floor slide forward . jesus aye dio mio ! after the cab come to a stop , we discover that the woman be pregnant , she 's hold a handgun and she hand have blood on they . the pregnant woman get into the front seat of the cab . pregnant woman ( get in cab ) go! go! go! go! now ! move it ! ( to Jesus ) just go . jesus ok ! ok ! I go ! I go ! when Jesus speed up , it throw the man back into he seat . the woman be still on the floor in the backseat . she do not get up . she lay silent . the man be massage he injure shoulder . pregnant woman ( hysterical ) that motherfucker ! ahhhhhhhhhh ! how could he ? how could he ? he have to do it . he have to fuck push I . Big man ! where be he now ? fucker ! ( she scream at she stomach ) I can not fuck believe this ! ( she begin to cry ) motherfucker . jesus where to ? pregnant woman drive , drive , drive . jesus ok . ok . you say drive so I drive . this be my job to drive . pregnant woman just fuck drive . I do not 's care where . jesus be you bleed ? the woman be still on the floor of the back seat . she be breathe quietly . her asthma be beginning to bother she . we see the asthma breather by she foot . pregnant woman he have to push I . I tell he . I tell he . I want this fuck thing out . out !!!! jesus you have a baby ? woman my luck , Ray Charles be the cabbie . man ( rub he shoulder ) my shoulder be break . I think you break my shoulder … jesus St. luke , it 's the next block . pregnant woman no fuck hospital ! do you see this ? huh ? you better move this thing paco , ( press gun to he head ) we be talkin’ brain city . all over . I will add one more to the list . the woman be still on the floor in the backseat . her breathe be become more difficult . she look to the man for assistance . he be too concerned with he shoulder to care . she reach for the asthma breather , but it be out of reach . jesus first or second ? pregnant woman what ? jesus first kid be a lot of pain . pregnant woman just drive the car man . jesus my sister 's first kid , little carlos , name after big carlos , she be in so much pain , then the … pregnant woman ( scream ) shut the fuck up !!! jesus ok . ok . you say shut up , I shut up . the pregnant woman see a cigarette behind Jesus 's ear . she take it . he immediately replace it with another . she light the cigarette with the dashboard lighter . she be impatient while wait . she take a puff and then a big sigh . pregnant woman what a day . the pregnant woman take a few more puff of the cigarette . she be slowly relax . on the floor of backseat , the woman be desperately try to reach the asthma breather , but she can not . the man be still concerned with he shoulder . man cabbie ...um … just drop we off at this corner . up here on the ..um … right . the pregnant woman slowly turn to the man in the back seat . pregnant woman where you goin’ whiner ? man I see you be have a bit of a problem and … we… I do not want to get in the way . pregnant woman just sit back . man I think my shoulder dislocate or something … pregnant woman look . no whining in the backseat . man I really can not move it right . the full range of motion … I do not have it . I think you break it when … pregnant woman I break it . man well …he slam on the brake and … pregnant woman do you say I break you arm ? the woman on the floor of the backseat be turn purple . she can not breathe . she look to the man for help . she again struggle for the breather . man you…him … well … you be in the street and he … pregnant woman look . shut up ! man I think he 's really at fault . I hope he have a good lawyer . he should have see you run … pregnant woman you do not hear so good , shut the fuck up . man I be sure the cab company have insurance or something … pregnant woman ( she point the gun at the man ) shut up ! shut the fuck up ! asshole ! the pregnant woman be face the man in the backseat , when the woman on the floor sit straight up gasp for air . she be reach for the asthma breather . the pregnant woman be instantly startle and scream . Jesus , frighten , swerve the car . the man cringe and hide he face . pregnant woman ( continue ) Holy fuck ! where the fuck do you … who the… just sit down ! sit down bitch ! the woman grab she asthma breather and inhale several time . pregnant woman ( continue ) you better sit down bitch ! I will fuck kill you too . the woman be beginning to catch she breath . she slowly move from the floor to the seat . pregnant woman ( continue ) ( she peer over the seat ) man oh my God , we be gonna die . I be gonna die here in a cab … pregnant woman shut up whiner . woman please do not kill we . pregnant woman what be you do on the floor ? jesus she be breathe … woman I be ! pregnant woman look bitch , I gotta gun … woman I be diaphragm breathe … it 's for my voice . man you must lie down to do it correctly . jesus I tell you she be breathe . man look . here 's my wallet , there 's about two hundred or so . woman here 's my purse … the pregnant woman stare at they . man take my watch . it 's a rolex . it 's worth at least … pregnant woman ( start slowly laugh uncontrollably ) do I look like a mugger . hey fuck face , I be talk to you . do I say I want you wallet . huh , or you money . ( point the gun ) open you eye , dickhead . this be not no hold up . man I think we should all just relax . jesus I think you should just shut up . pregnant woman you tell he paco . Jesus reach into he cooler for some burrito . he pull one out and begin to eat it . when he bite into it , a blob of bean fall onto a '' burrito on the Beach '' Mini menu on the floor . the camera follow the blob . dissolve to : ext burritos on the beach flashback - black & white Jesus be look at a botb menu . in the background we see the store , sidewalk and pass pedestrian . Jesus exit the cab and enter the botb . he busy burrito , exit the shop and sit in a stool at a outside counter face camera / cab . a man enter the botb and hold the clerk at gunpoint . this action take place behind Jesus who be oblivious to this action . the crook exit the botb , run down the step and be strike by a roller blader . the crook spin around and slam into 531 . the crook collect himself and run out of frame . Jesus witness this and react . CUT to : pregnant woman whadaya mean it 's for you voice ? woman what ? pregnant woman the breathe ! man ( agitate ) diaphragm breathe be for the voice . jesus & pregnant woman shut up !!! pregnant woman this be load jerk off . ( pause ) Voice ? what be you a singer . woman soprano . be you gonna kill we ? pregnant woman kill you ? why would I kill you ? I might kill you husband here but … woman he 's not my husband . pregnant woman piece of shit boyfriend ? jesus he 's a asshole . woman teacher . pregnant woman you be he student ? man casey be my protégé . pregnant woman I be not talk to you dick ! ( pause ) he look like a real dick . be he a Dick sweety . casey he can be demand at time … pregnant woman yep just like I think , a dick . what 's you name dick ? man look just take my watch … pregnant woman be you deaf ? I be not here to rob you . ( point the gun at head ) what 's you fuckin’ name ? man Simon . pregnant woman oh yeah . that 's definitely a dick name . nobody cool be name Simon . jesus how about Paul Simon ? pregnant woman Paul Simon ? jesus he 's cool . and here 's to you Mrs … pregnant woman Simon 's he last name . that 's ok . hey , nobody 's talkin’ to you . shut the fuck up and drive . ( pause ) what 's with the tux ? casey we just come from a competition . Simon stop share you life with this … pregnant woman shut up whiner . ( pause ) protégé huh . be that why you make she lie on the floor of a cab . casey it 's my fault , I take second . pregnant woman you fault . you fault . ( to Simon ) do he say that ? do he ? casey I should have more discipline . stuck to form . pregnant woman discipline . what kind of a sick fuck make a beautiful girl lie on the floor of a cab like a dog . simon the path to discipline be to … pregnant woman she 's yours . like a thing . she 's a thing to you . simon well I … the pregnant woman take the handgun and pistol whip Simon across the face twice . Jesus cringe . Simon start bleed . casey oh my god. stop . Jesus tear off some paper towel from a rack which be hang behind he head . the pregnant woman grab it . pregnant woman no. no. fuck he ! let it bleed ! ( sarcastic ) aw . be the poor baby bleed . casey Simon be you alright . be you ok . here let I … simon I be bleed , oh my God … pregnant woman aw. poor baby . bleed on you nice little tuxedo . casey you do not have to do that ? pregnant woman trust I , I do you a favor girl . I use to be a size 6 . six ! look at I ! see this ass ! ( Jesus look at ass ) it be a six . now I be a fuck 14 !. Simon reach into he pocket for a handkerchief . he hold it on he head . the pregnant woman look over at Jesus and take a cigarette from behind he ear . he replace it immediately . she use the dash lighter . note : it begin to rain outside . pregnant woman ( continue ) paco get I outta here . just drive take the interstate and go , go far . ( she sigh , pause ) jesus it 's hey Zeus . pregnant woman what ? jesus J ,e , 's , u , 's … pregnant woman ( laugh ) like Jesus ! that 's pretty fuck ! the pregnant woman reach into she bra and reveal a variety of pill inside . pregnant woman ( continue ) ; to Jesus ) reds or blue ? ( she choose several ) be this diet ? jesus si. pregnant woman ( take sip of drink to swallow pill ) all be quiet while Jesus drive toward the highway . casey be solemnly look out the window . she begin to sing she song '' ava Maria '' softly to herself . the pregnant woman begin to feel sick . she open she window and vomit . the vomit spray across the rear window that casey be stare out . she react . we see Jesus facial expression . first tense and then relief . moment later the pregnant woman smell a odor . pregnant woman ( continue ) who shit they pants ? Jesus look around , as if he do not know where the smell be come from either . pregnant woman ( continue ; she sniff he ) be that you ? jesus i…i … simon she 's come back here ? in a effort to escape the fart smell , the pregnant woman go into the back seat . casey switch to the front seat . she climb over the seat into the backseat of the cab , hitting she stomach on the way . the pregnant woman be seat next to Simon . she stretch out in the backseat . she start to rub she stomach . Simon be watch she . he spot the gun in she hand . he eye the gun . the pregnant woman relax . Simon watch she . in the front seat casey be seat next to Jesus . jesus you like burrito ? casey yeah sure . Taco casa 's pretty good . jesus Taco casa ! huh ! casey what 's wrong with Taco casa ? jesus they put lettuce , they put tomato , they put cheese … no bean ! casey mine have bean . jesus I put bean . look. bean . casey I seenbean . jesus burrito must have bean ! casey I will remember that . CUT to : the pregnant woman look over at Simon who be watch she every move . pregnant woman just you and I Simon . simon and baby make three .. if it survive . pregnant woman ( laugh ) you be a real piece of work . simon look who 's talk . pregnant woman lack of discipline . I be gonna teach you discipline . ( she reach for he crotch ) simon ( resisting ) what be you do ? pregnant woman I be gonna teach you discipline . simon do not touch I . take you hand off … pregnant woman ( she press the gun to he head ) see this blood , it 's not mine . just relax Simon . it 's time to learn form . simon what be you go to do ? pregnant woman ( reaching into he pants ) oh , it 's little Simon , and I mean little Simon . simon oh my God … pregnant woman we be gonna play a little game call Simon say . ever hear of it ? simon ( silence ) pregnant woman for every right answer you get a stroke . ( demonstate stroking ) wrong answer … get a squeeze . be you ready ? simon you be insane . pregnant woman Little Simon 's waking up . ( stroke he ) Simon say … I be a asshole . simon you be a asshole . pregnant woman ( she squeeze , he react ) wrong answer ! CUT to : jesus ( offer burrito ) try . casey no really … I … jesus here . try . casey I eat about a hour … jesus ( he stare at she ) casey ok . ok . I will try . ( she take a bite , she mouth be full ) there sure be a lot of bean . jesus see , I tell you . casey ( point to picture on dashboard ) be that you little boy ? jesus now , he like burrito . casey so serious . jesus senor smile . alberto . my partner 's kid . he never smile for the camera . casey ( point to dash ) be this you partner ? ( spell out ) Enrique velasquez . jesus Enrique velasquez . si. that 's he . casey what happen to he picture ? jesus it ’s…ah…old . casey so you have he cab today ? jesus his cab ! casey yeah … jesus this be not he cab . it 's mine ! casey but you say that .. jesus 531 be my cab . I drive 531 . no one else . casey ok . ok . I just think that … jesus Jesus ! solamente ! casey ok . I be sorry … jesus I drive 531 . me! me! I ! casey I be sorry . i… I be sorry . CUT to : simon oh my God … pregnant woman be you sure you how to play ? let 's try again . ( stroking ) Simon say , I be a asshole . simon I be a asshole . pregnant woman ( stroking ) very good . Simon say , I need to learn discipline and form . simon I need to learn discipline and form . pregnant woman Simon say , I a womanize pig . simon I be a womanize pig . pregnant woman Simon say , I should be kill for the way I treat casey . simon I should be kill for the way I treat casey . pregnant woman kill I . simon ( hesitates ) … kill … I … pregnant woman ( she squeeze hard ) oops , Simon do not say . CUT to : casey look ! there 's a Taco casa . jesus ( mildy upset , calming ) I drive 531 . no one else . casey what be that thing ? a big taco ? jesus it 's a roof . casey it 's not a roof , it 's round on the top . curve . jesus it 's the roof of a house . casey it can not be , the curve by the a … jesus the a hold up the roof ! casey which a ? jesus the A. the Taco a . casey no , no the casa a , that curve be a Taco .. jesus ( impatient ) Taco casa ! casa be house . it 's a roof . casey plus it 's green . I have never see a green roof . jesus the roof be black … casey it 's green and bumpy . it 's lettuce . it 's a Taco roof . jesus Taco roof . casey the roof be a Taco . jesus I tell you it be a roof ! CUT to : simon oh dear God … pregnant woman and you be do so well . simon please … I beg you … stop . pregnant woman ( stroke faster ) no , no we be have so much fun . Simon say , I have learn my lesson . simon I have learn my lesson . pregnant woman ( stroking faster ) Simon say , I be sorry . simon I be sorry . pregnant woman ( stroking even faster ) Simon say , I now know discipline . simon I now know discipline . pregnant woman ( Simon ejaculate in she hand ) and form … simon and form … pregnant woman ( pause ) oops , Simon do not say . she take she hand fill with semen and smack Simon across the face . the semen spray across the window and onto a mask ( a item in the cab ) which be position on the side door . the pregnant woman begin to laugh . CUT to : int taxi cab - mask flashback - black & white Close up of Jesus 's face , voyeuristically watch action in the backseat of the cab . camera slow pan and pull back to the right revealing the image in the rear view mirror . a woman wear a mardi gras mask be engage in sexual activity with another woman . after a moment , a third woman appear from behind the seat . cut back to close up of Jesus 's reaction . a woman from the backseat slip the mask onto Jesus . dissolve to : the soile mask in the backseat with Simon . pull back into the action from soile mask . the pregnant woman then climb into the front seat with casey and Jesus . the pregnant woman roll down the window and start to climb out onto the hood of the move cab . casey what be you do ? pregnant woman keep it steady paco . jesus hey Zeus , my name be hey Zeus ! jeez ! pregnant woman do not stop , keep go . casey where be you go , come back . oh my God . the pregnant woman climb out onto the hood of the move cab . she be on the hood with she back to the windshield . simon take off ! casey what ? simon now 's we chance . do it . go ! casey you can not do that . simon she be gonna kill we … casey she 's pregnant ! simon that kid do not have a chance with she as a mother . casey I do not believe you . jesus she tell I no stop . so I no stop . casey you keep go Jesus . simon she 's insane . hit the brake paco . jesus my name be hey Zeus . casey she need help ! simon stop the car man , let she fly . casey who 's insane here ? keep drive Jesus . jesus I drive , you say drive , I drive . casey climb out of the open window behind the pregnant woman . at first she be scared . the body posture suggest that the pregnant woman feel free . casey slowly become more at ease . simon what the hell be she do . casey ! casey ! get back in here . casey ! I demand you to get back in here ! casey jesus ( begin to laugh ) simon what be you laugh at . she could be kill . jesus I be think of join they . simon lack of discipline . she put I at risk . ( pause ) let I out ! jesus she tell I to drive . so I drive . simon now I be tell you . stop this thing . jesus they be on the hood . simon she 's not gonna kill I . let I out . jesus I be not stop … simon do not you get it ? we be gonna die ! jesus just sit down and shut up ! simon what ? who the fuck be you ? huh ? where 's you gun ? stop this fuck cab . jesus ( scream ) sit down ! Simon climb over the seat into the front seat . the situation on the hood climax with the pregnant woman pound on she stomach like tarzan . casey be shocked by this . simon you do not tell I what to do . you sonofabitch ! Simon grab the front wheel in a effort to stop Jesus . Jesus elbow Simon in the face . Simon fall back . the woman on the hood tumble backward onto the windshield . Bright flash . CUT to : White dissolve into close up of Jesus . Jesus be speak calmly to Simon who be in the passenger seat . Simon have ice wrapped in a handkerchief on he eye . jesus ( apologetic ) I do not mean to hit you . simon well you do . jesus ( pause ) you grab the wheel . simon you do not have to hit I . jesus I be drive . simon we be not go that fast . jesus they be on the hood . simon I miss it … jesus they would have be kill . simon my chance to escape . jesus she say drive , so I drive . simon you get one shot , and I miss it . jesus I drive that 's what I do . simon lack of discipline . while this conversation be take place , we notice the pregnant woman and casey be have they own calm conversation in the backseat . pregnant woman I walk . they say he be out to lunch . it 's fuckin’ three o’clock . I mean what else be I suppose to do . I be fuckin’ nine month pregnant . I could be in labor . fuck ! casey bastard . pregnant woman I get home , he car be there . he 's never home before seven . now he 's home . I walk in , the stereo 's on . casey the stereo . pregnant woman I be call for he . I can not hear myself think . I be look around like a asshole . ( pause ) then I go to the bedroom . ( pause ) in my fuck bedroom . in my own bed . casey oh my God . pregnant woman I do not even want the baby . it be he baby , not mine ! he say … we will be together till the end of time . my watch be still tick . that motherfucker ! meanwhile , in the front seat , Jesus pull out a tin can from under the seat . he start to shape it . Simon watch this in curiosity . Jesus manipulate the can in such a way that it create a marijuana bong . the pregnant woman start to sing '' how dry I be '' to casey and sway back and forth . Jesus reach into he shirt pocket . he pull out some marijuana and sprinkle it into the homemade bong . simon ( point to pocket ) you always keep it there ? jesus today , I do . Jesus light the bong and take a hit . Close up of bong , rack shot to the license on the dashboard . a billow of exhale smoke stream across the frame . cut to extreme close up of disfigure / burnt license on dashboard . ( lock off shot ) dissolve to : int taxi cab - parking garage - black & white dissolve into identical license bear photo of Jesus . license be tear off dashboard out of frame . boss goddamn shame . partner friggin cutback . he 's be here since the beginnn . boss like I say , goddamn shame . partner why do I gotta do it ? boss he look up to ya . call ya he partner . partner but he 's get senority … boss he 's get senority , but he be not get no family . you rather it be you ? ( pause ) make sure he turn in he sheet ! partner ( disgust ) everything by the book . boss right down the line . you know how it be . partner ( pause ) how do ya think he will take it ? boss he will probably freak out and kill everyone … partner jesus… yeah right ! CUT to : Jesus then pass the homemade bong to Simon who take a hit and then begin cough . meanwhile , casey be sing in the backseat . the pregnant woman begin to sing with she . Simon take another hit and then pass it to Jesus . Simon be relaxed . simon ( mellow ) hey , what happen to you meter ? Jesus tap he head as he do in the beginning , as if he 's get everything write down in he head . simon ( continue ) oh , right . ( he laugh ) the song from the backseat become louder . Simon and Jesus begin to join in and sing the song . a few second go by of they sing and then the pregnant woman listen as if she have hear something . pregnant woman what 's that sound ? shhhhh . shhhhh . what be that ? where be it come from ? do you hear it ? stop the car ! the group stop sing and listen . Jesus pull up to a stoplight . there be a pound sound come from the rear of the car . they all listen . just then , the cab 's trunk pop open . again we see the number of the cab , 531 , appear in the window . through the back window , we see a man run full speed down the street . simultaneously , everyone look at Jesus . Jesus smile . jesus my … partner . the other three look at he in shock for just a moment . then Simon start laugh . then they all start laugh uncontrollably . Jesus drive off . they all start sing again . all how dry I be , how wet I will be . if I do not find the bathroom key . I find the key . I open the door . it 's too late , it 's on the floor . we see Simon reach for Jesus 's camera in the front seat . he pick it up and point it at Jesus . all ( continue ) how dry I be , how wet I will be . if I do not 's find the bathroom key . I find the key . I open the door . it 's too late … we see a bright flash . there be a montage sequence of a violent train wreck . cut to black . audio fade in of emergency vehicle and voice . there be bright light and the flashlight . fade out audio . CUT to : ext taxi cab - junkyard - day through the half - open dingy driver 's side window of 531 , we see deteriorate vehicle . it be evident we be in a car graveyard . there be a small clear in the foreground . in the distance we hear child 's voice approach . a small group of child emerge from different angle , run and scream toward the center clear . the child be out of breath and excited . the child be engage in a game of ghost in the graveyard which be similar to tag . they be run to the center clear to escape from be tag . a item at the center clear be home base . the last child to reach home base , jamie , be tag . child ( improv chatter ) as soon as the child catch they breath , they begin to play another game . Jamie turn with he back to the camera and begin to count . jamie one o’clock , two o’clock , three o’clock rock ... as Jamie begin to count the child scatter throughout the junkyard . two of the child run back and forth and then decide to run and hide in 531 . they open the rear driver 's door , climb in and sit pose silent with they back up against the door . we see they face fill with excitement and fear of be catch . one child notice the stuff in the cab and begin to comment on the inside of the cab , the other cover she mouth , and make the quiet sign . meanwhile , Jamie have be count . jamie ... nine o’clock rock , ten o’clock , eleven o’clock , twelve o’clock rock . ( yell ) ghost in the graveyard ! here I come ! Jamie turn around and scan the area for child . he look around and then run toward 531 . we see the face of the two child in the cab listen with they eye . we see Jamie look through the rear driver 's side window into the cab , right above the two child who be not make a sound and hold they breath . Jamie look around and then run off . the two have not be discover . they breath a sigh of relief . the two child begin scan the interior of the cab . girl # 1 what be all this stuff ? girl # 2 I do not know . girl # 1 it 's really creepy . the camera scan the inside of the cab revealing the disarray of the item . the item be all out out of order , there be car engine part on the cab 's seat and floor , newspaper and Polaroid 's litter the entire area . one girl notice the lamb '' head on the seat , she rise to get it . girl # 2 hey look at that ? ( she rise ) girl # 1 get down ! he will catch we ! girl # 2 girl 2 ignore the other girl and get the head anyway . girl # 2 where 's the rest of it ? she look around for it and notice the mask . she put it on . girl # 2 he will not find I with this on . how do I look ? girl # 1 shhhh ! we be gonna get catch . girl # 2 notice all the Polaroid 's and start to pick they up . she look through the stack she have collect . girl # 2 who you think they be ? girl # 1 I think I hear they ! the camera be over girl # 2 shoulder . as she be flipping through the picture , she stop at the picture with the pregnant woman and casey 's face press up against the outside of the front windshield . the camera go in tight . int taxi cab - polaroid flashback - black & white dissolve from the photo into live action . the woman maintain they balance on the hood of the move vehicle . they both see the gun tumble off the side of the cab . the cab then come to a complete stop . they both emerge from the hood and slowly take refuge in the backseat of the cab . casey pick up the lamb 's head again and caress it for comfort . casey evaluate the miss gun from the pregnant woman 's hand . after a moment of reflection , casey turn to the pregnant woman . casey what now ? pregnant woman you tell I ? casey contemplate the situation . after a brief moment , she look at the lamb 's head , toss it aside and turn to Jesus . casey drive . jesus ( pause ) where to ? pregnant woman ( confidently ) just drive . the woman look at each other with intense reflection . in the background , the conversation between Jesus and Simon be hear softly . jesus ( apologetic ) I do not mean to hit you . simon well you do … dissolve to : we come out of the flashback with the scream of one of the other kid scream into the open window of the cab above the girl . kid # 1 ghost in the graveyard !!!! girl # 1 Quick ! he 's come ! girl # 1 and # 2 open the backseat door and run for the home point in the clear , leave the cab door open . as girl # 2 leave the cab , she drop the Polaroid ontop of a newspaper lie on the floor of the cab . we see the child exit the cab and then pan down to the picture . after we see the picture , we follow the camera off the picture onto the newspaper . the headline read : '' train wreck : 4 kill , infant in stable condition '' . the newspaper be old and wear . the paper hold for a moment , then blow out the open cab door away with the child 's laughter . ( silence ) fade out : the end