062035 fy apr 27 2001 id imagine story dept untitled detroit project by Scott Silver first rewrite April 27 , 2001 " if you have the gut to be yourself ... you price .* -other people ' 11 pay ~ rabbit angstrok John updike , * " rabitt , run# 1 . run it under a hareh green fluorescent light - close on a angry blonde punk , he head fly in and out of frame . hard against some girl 's face . bang against a dirty mirror . sweating . moan . girl Jim Jim Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy oh god puck I rabbit rabbit yes oh yes Jimmy rabbit fuck fuck fuck he 's fuck she om top of a nasty sink . fast . and furious . her short skirt hike up high around she waist . a wool cap pull down tight over he face . this be jin , James , B , Bunny , rabbit , b-rabbit & Jimmy Smith Jr. to we he 's just plain jimmy . girl oh rabbit fuck yes oh yes theytre in a desolate bathroom . wet. full of noise . beat thumping through the wall . fist bang on the door . the girl moan-moan . it 's all so fuck loud . close on jimmy , catch sight of himself bounce up & down in the mirror . ignoring the girl , he 's somewhere else . gone. always move . we hear she come . Jimmy stop . stare . the harsh light crown he head , a burn halo . he do not look so goad , cold sweat . simmy - I gotta run . she jump off the sink , yank down she skirt . girl ( piss ) why ? you still nervous ? you be lucky I run into you ' cause I be tryin ' to help calm you down . but it 's like you be not even fuckin ' here - jimmy ( pull up he pants ; dist racted ) - what ? be m't it good for you ? girl yeah . you know I love the way you fuck I , rabbit . why do you always gotta ask ? before Jimmy can answer a queer look cross he face -- he rush for a dirty stall and we hear he puke he fuck brain out . 2. Jimmy , leave the bathroom . still a little green . no sign of the girl . a line of guy wait outside . they scream , sbout . Jimmy just laugh and give ‘em all the finger . head down the corridor alone into the darkness . a. : a underground hip - hop club , the shelter . a basement cave . you can see the noise and the heat . Wall - to - wall kid , all that sex . mash to the beat . mostly black . some white . whatever . jinmy wipe he mouth , slip on headphone , get back into character . we hear he music , the song be pump into he head . angry . dsfiant . beautiful . he make he way through tuc crowd , a hip -hop gladiator . walk tall . all attitude . everybody around he dance tg a different beat . we be sampling tony manexo strutting down the block from the open of '' saturday night FEVER .* Jimmy ( tony ) check out the girl , smile they way , head backstage . but this be not no fuck disco . before he get far some big bad dude stop he -- shine a flashlight in he face . hollas some shit at he . jinmy tear off he headphone . the song cut out -- jimmy nyell over the music ) - yo what the fuck you call I ? big bad dude where ya goin’ , dawg - you be not backstage , be ya ? jimmy what you say about I ? ( get right up in the big man 's face ) do you even know who I be ? the big dude shine the light bright back in Jimmy 's face . he 's security . big bad dude fuck no . you wanna go backstage or what ? jimmy I be not goin ' nowhere ' till you tell I what the fuck you say , man - before the big guy can respond , a skinny biack superstar pull Jimmy away . it 's the future aka future , fuche & David porter . also in he 20 , the fputure ' 's all good . future o. ( to the Big bad dude ) it 's all good , brotha . he 's with I - puture drag jimny past the big guy backstage . laugh at he with love . future - you crazy muthafucka . why di not ya just tell ' im you backstage for the battle , Jimmy ? jimmy he say some shit - fpull away from future ; spot something on he shirt ) fuck . 4 . outside the club . downtown Detroit . bleak winter night . cold as hell . a mess of kid wait to get in . jimny hustle up some stair , future right on he tail . future where ya runnin ' to ? jimmy ~ I fuckin ' puke on my shirt . future ( laugh ) pirst time 's always crazy - youknowhatimsayin ' ? do not fuck Mary calm you down ? a needy white guy in he late 20 with a big head , * chedder '' bor zurowsky aka head , stand near the top of the line see Jimmy & future head in the opposite direction . he 's siow . chedder bob hey rabbit - where ya --? Jimmy turn , gesture * one-minute - I will - be-right - back * and keep walk away . future laugh , follow . chedder Bob grab two black guy huddle against the wail smokin ' dope ; a short roly - poly freak in he early 20 name SOL GEORGE aka mista kingpin & mista and he laid - back older brother , dj 1Z aka Israel George , izzy & iz , a pseudo - intellectual with dread and glass . they're Jimmy & future 's crew , ru486 ( " Real unforgiven for killin ' * - also the abortion pill ) . chedder bob c'mon , rabbit an' future be goin " without we - 5s . Jimmy & future head into a dark alley next to the club . the crew follow . we can still hear the music booming through the wall . a lone spotlight pierce the gloom . dinmy stop at a dumpster near the back . sol . - t'night 's the might , boy . you on you way up , yo . next stop - deal . DI iz ( go to hug Jimmy ) no doubt no doubt - S 'up , brotha ? cimmy fpull back ) puke on my shirt . chedder hob try to get a closer look at Jimmy 's T-shirt . chedder bob lemme see - jimmy ( push he away ) fuck off , chedder Bob - dimmy scrape the dumpster away from the wall . grab a trash bag hide behind it . ssol ( laugh ) now listen , Bunny - if you battle that muthafucka papa Doc , nigga be talkin’ some serious shit , yo - Jimmy open the trash bag , start root around inside . all the guy stop and stare . jimmy fpull out some clean clothes from the bag} fuckin ! janeane an' I jus ' break up ant shit , ant she take the house an* the goddam car - future - again ? bo iz maybe it 's ' cause you keep fuckin ' all that other girl for a minute - sol . yeah , rabbit - chedder bob no you just need to forget that - janeane bitch , rabbit . just think about all the fine bitch you gonna get t'night after you win - jimmy ( look through the garbage hag } she say she 's pregnant , whatever , yo - a long beat . puture - now that 's the heaviest influence in that movie right there , man . chedder bob I bet that bitch be lyin ' , rabbit . sol ( to chedder Bob ) lemme ask you a question , bitch ~ I bet you probly never even bust in a bitch befoe . have you ? chedder bor oturn red ; to Jimmy ) you gonna stay at you mom 's ? jimmy - fuck , bob. ( pull out a clean T-shirt from the bag} yo can I please get some privacy here , please - the three guy acquiesce , walk toward the light mouth of the alley . the future stay . jimmy ( laugh ) - wy lucky shirt . ( more ) jimmy ( cont would ) ( peel off the dirty shirt ; shiver in the cold ) it 's my birthday in a couple week , fuche ~ a ' it 's like , I gotta do sowethin ' , ya know ? somethin ' real . nput on the clean t} ~ I mean all I ever want to do be rap , yo - be a emcee . but I know they be not gonna like I in there - future if you rap , you rap muthafucka . it do not matter . you just gotta stop givin ' a fuck what cther people gonna say , Jim - dimmy hide the garbage bag back behind the dumpster . oimmy - people can not talk shit about I like that , yo . puture just wreck that micu ant gain some respect , youhearwhat imsayin ' ? simmy it 's like do or die time for I now , fuche . future mlaugh } I know whatchya sayin 's - I be tryin ' to get straight with the Lord this day . they both head back up the alley toward they friend and the Light . jimmy be you high ? future you be b-rabbit , yo. you thoroughly . ( jump ; shout out } b-rabbit , yo - youknowhat imsayin ' ? b-rabbit ! b-rabbit ! I believe in they meet up with the rest of the crew . and they all shout out , jump , laugh , bark , " b-rabbit ! b-rabrit ! B -- slam to : 6. close on a freestyle battle , spotlight glare . dj spin . up on stage in the club . two emcee squaring off . one-on-one . two 66 second scoreboard clock tick down ... it 's fight Music . and right now ome very short brother name lil * tic ( Little lunatic ) be battle Jimmy . up in he face . he 's spittin " about -- i. Jimmy 's name ~ b-rabbit . 2 . Jimmy 's skin color - White . 3 . Jimmy 's inexperience - lst battle . Jimmy just stand there , he wool cap pull down tight . bounce a little to the beat . shake out the nerve . lil ' tic 's killin ' he the clock hit 0 . time . the crowd go crazy . judge and jury . future take center stage , he 's host the battle . split screen : puture ( start introduce tirmy ) CUT split screen : the crowd oshout at Jimmy ; White can not rap ) CUT split screen : jimmy ( stare out at the crowd ; at all that people judge hin ) cut split screen : jimmy ( future hand he the mic ) end split screen : simmy ( check out the crowd ; all watch he ) future ( finish introduce Jimmy ) the crowd ( scream out he hame , give he shit , call he name ) jimmy { future hand he the mic ) future hand he the mic . all eye on Jimmy . under the blind hot light . the beat kick in . the clock start ... close on jimmy , bob he head up & down collect he thought , open he mouth to rap and -- people start boo he right away . Calling he name . rbooing . boo . boo Jimmy . and nothing come out of he mouth , mute . Burning up under the light . failure . jimny freeze . and the picture freeze . rewied . and plays again . Jimmy open he mouth to rap and nothing come out . freeze. failure . Rewind . play . we be scratching the film . back & forth . forth & back . slam to : MAIN title : fight music we still hear the scratch which lead we into we title song , the song we first hear play in Jimmy 's headphone ... 7 . poor Detroit . Jimmy run through the disease street of he life past all the crack whore and dead end . holding onto he garbage bag full of clothes , headphone back on he head . his breath visible im the night air . he and it the only white around . we still hear we title song . Jimmy run . run through a busy intersection , right on by the entrance of a ratty trailer park , run down a side street . running up to a big vacant field down at the end . urban blight . dying grass . a graveyard for shopping cart , break appliance , use needle & other shit . Jimmy stop . and scream out at the top of he lung . loud and long . then he run to a chain link fence at the edge of the field , look both way make sure no one see he , and hop over it . 8 . jimny make he way through the maze of trailer . up toa drab double - wide mobile home . a beat - to-shit big -ass ' 79 lincoln abandon in front . down . and out . 3 . : Jimmy let himself in . drop the garbage bag . he 's cold , blow on he hand try to warm himself up . the place be a dump . all white trash . the title song stil ] blaring in he headphone and on we soundtrack . jimmy Mom ? he head for he wom 's bedroom . as he get closer , we hear some noise . moan . and grunt . a breathless scream . we hear sex . Raw . and loud . not Jimmy . all he hear be msic . jimmy Mom ? he slide open the flimsy vinyl bedroom door and see he mom fuck some guy ! on top . Riding away ~- jinmy pull off he headphone . the title song end . cimmy ( in shock} Mom ! ?! stephanie rabbit ? 10 . later . Jimmy 's eat cereal in the lousy kitchen , dry no milk . a smail tv , beer bottle & comic book litter the countertop . a rusty electric space heater vibrate heat . it 's almost quiet for the first time in the movie . his mother , stephanie , slink in wear a oversize " osborne High * sweatshirt and little else . her hair 's a sex mess , she slur she word a little maybe a little drunk . she 's a young 40 , small & sexy in that bleach blonde trailer trash sorta way . stephanie you okay , baby - Wan nme to make ya somethin’ ? oruffle he hair ) - dontchya think maybe ya shoulda knock or maybe call first or something ' ? jimmy yo - the phone 's disconnect . stephanie ( defensive} yeah I know , rabbit . I know , I jus ' gotta run down to the - um - the phone place tomorrow - 10 . 's immy {mouth full of dry cereal } - a ' there 's no milk . ever . stephanie hey - I be busy , ya know . jimmy still gain ' to bingo or get a job yet ? a thick lame white dude , greg minor , stumble into the kitchen on one good leg like he own the place . just a few yerur older than Jimmy , all greg 's get on be a two - day beard , pair of " osborne High " sweatvant , and a shit-eatin’ grin . greg nslap Jimmy on the back of he head rabbit - what the fuck you doin’ here ? how ' bout knockin ' ? jimuy do not react . too tired to fight . it 's clear that greg make he uncomfortable . make he feel like he 's back in high school . Jimmy seem to shrink when he 's around . jimmy oturn to he mom ) jameane an' I break up - stephanie none of that girl be right for you , baby . she say she 's pregnant ? Jimmy nod . stephanie right . I bet she take the car too - jimmy ndoe not want to talk about it ; get up ) - I gotta work in the mornin' . stephanie - you and puture still at that Little caesar in Warren ? she light a cigarette . greg take it from she , smoke . jimmy no I - ahh - I - - will . greg c'mon , man , you get fire from Little caesar ? nobody get fire from Little caesar - jimmy ~ yo I be too tired for this shit . stephanie you stayin " here , baby ? jimmy - just for a few week ' till I save enough to get my own place . greg just like Bob Zurowsky . all you friend still livin ' at home - be not they , rabbit ? { laugh ) guy be a bunch a fuck loser - without skip a beat Jimmy grab a beer bottle & fire it at greg 's head ! it just miss , smash against the wall -- greg bolt up , cigarette still stick in he mouth -- Jimmy instinctively take a step back . violence about to break . Stephanie jump in the middle -- stephanie nscream at Jimmy ) you stop it ! jame smith junior ! stopit now ! dust then a sleepy little angel appear in the doorway of the kitchen , six - year - old lily , Jimmy 's little half - sister . she light up when she see Jimmy . run to he . he give she a big hug . violence break . greg laugh , get himself a cold beer from the ' fridge instead . jimmy yo ~ should not you be sleepin ' , lily ? lily you wake m up ya know . { whisper to he ) - will you sing to I ? jimmy c'mon - back to bed . it 's late . 12 . 1 . : Jimmy carry lily into she little girl bedroom . neat , clean . a mountain of stuff animal on she bed . as he put she down , we hear he quietly sweetly lovingly rapping to she . and he 's good . Real good . suddenly they hear Stephanie shout out from the kitchen -- stephanie ( os ) rabbit ya hetter clean alithiss shit upinhere or i'1ll kickyouout for good ! Jimmy & lily look at each other , share a laugh . 12 . later . jinmy 's pick up the break beer bottle in the tiny kitchen . Stephanie stand in the doorway watch . stephanie - rabbit , if you be gonna stay here you better get along or -- jimmy what would I do ? yo he start this shit - stephanie - do not fuck this up for I , baby . you be not in high school anymore , okay ? rabbit push the last bit of break glass against the wall with he foot . it * 's be a long night . oimmy ( sarcastic ) forget it , whatever . I love greg . can I get a ride to work in the mornin’ ? Stephanie go over to the kitchen table , grab she car key and toss they to jinmy . timmy - you be lettin ' I take the car ? stephanie nope . I be givin ' it to ya - it 's you birthday present . jimmy - thanks . my birthday 's not for two week , yo - 13 - stephanie ( laugh ; almost flirtatious ) you be still my lil ' rabbit , right ? 13. the next morning , cold & clear outside the trailer . Jimmy , try the start the big-ass ' 79 lincoln . click . nothing . click . click . it 's dead . jimmy ( jump out , check he watch ) shiiit - bre 's late . Jimmy pop the hood , look underneath . dust then a chubby charismatic white hipster name wink epstein aka 3rd person , amble up . early 205 , soul patch , and the harmony of hip -hop verbalizatian . wink ¥o Bunny you back home - jimmy - be not my home , wink . how the fuck you know I be here ? wink nsmile ) please . who ya’ think you talkin ' to ? jimmy nslam down the hood ) do not tell nobody , okay ? ( check he watch ; dirty hand ) yo I gotta run - gimme a ride to work ? I be gonna be fuckin ' late - wink my mom 's get the car - ( kick the lincoln ) yo you should just blow this shit up , B. i4 . Jimmy hop the fence at the edge of the dirty trailer park . wink hot on he heel . wink - why we goin ' this way ? 14 . ogimmy ( just give he a look ) yo where be you last night ? they head through the vacant field together . wink I hear ya get catch out . people sayin’ some fuck up shit , boy . Jimmy stop before he hit the street . wipe he dirty hand en he pants , want to rum away from wink and last night and the trailer park and everything else in he fuck life . jimmy - like what ? he check up & down the busy intersection make sure no one see he , and hustle away from the trailer park . wink follow . wink you just gotta bounce wit ' wink , B . you tha franchise , baby . they just jealous , like janeane - timmy you talk to ‘er ? wink forget it . a ' fuck battlin ' down at the shelter , yo . justa bunch a loser who be not get deal . jimmy - what else be I gonna do ? wink stay home , Bunny . you be not goin ' nowhere down at that club . and you know 3rd person 's gotchya - jimmy who ? wink 3rd person . ( laugh ; pound he chest } wink 's all 3rd person now . ' Bout to blow up , for real . a ' I be takin ' you wit ' I , B . they make it to the bus stop , a few people wait . 15 . jimmy o. ~ bow we gonna do that ? I be takin ' the fuckin’ bus to work , man . Jimmy anxiously look down the street for he bus . wink put he arm around Jimmy 's shoulder , bring he in close . wink do not tell no one , but I jus ' record a demo up at paisley Park . jimmy - paisley Park ? wim with Prince . the artist . 3rd person ? Prince give I that name . jimmy you be full a shit , yo - how the fuck you know Prince ? wink pull out a envelope from he pocket . wink - he 's friend with Lee darucher , man . serious . I just record at paisley Park , yo . wink open the envelope , show Jimmy some photograph . close on photograph of wink & prince , hang out in a giant studio control room . the massive console all lit up with bright bright light . jimmy ( impressed ) shiiit . that 's really Prince . you be not lyin ' - wink yeah a ' [ I be takin ' a song down to 96.3 , try to get it on . they playin ' one local demo every Friday night now - Jimmy 's bus finally arrive . belch black exhaust . wink nput away the photograph ) - and yo you get next , Bunny . for real . recordin ' at paisley Park - we can both fly outta here . right ? 16 . 15 . . Jimmy on the bus , look out the window . Poverty . hard time & pain . he slip on bis headphone , pull out a pen and start write on he dirty hand close on jimmy hand , letter . word . rhyme . close on jimmy face , close he eye . and we hear the open line to the song , a cappella . and then a beat kick in , the bass line , and a groove . and as the word & masic come together in a song , Jimmy 's set free . he open he eye ... the bus , the poor , Detroit , it 's all animated . by R. crumb . aud Jimmy , he 's a superman . costume , muscle , the whole deal . super.jtmmy . he 's rapping the song for all to hear . jump up & burst through the window of the bus , fly away for good . escape he earthly bond & dull reality . superdimmy fly & rapping over the animated bad street of Detroit head up toward the sun , leave the earth behind , fly icarus high . he fly up up around & around the globe faster & faster . a blur . go back in time to last night . last night . superjimmy fly onstage in the shelter , grab the mic from lil ' tic with one hand & with the other squeeze tic 's animated head right off . blood gush everywhere as superjimmy just freestyle cool to the crowd . the rhyme and the blood flow fast . the audience applaud scream - go crazy - loving all of superjimmy and he music . he finish & wave goodbye , fly off back into tre future , head for the suburb and the nice part of town ... ttopaay . the nice part of town . superdimmy fly over a five - stax hotel . up-scale , grand . still sing he sing . he dart down toward the back of the hotel and head through a big open window , fly into a locker room in the basement . he dive at a locker change super fast out of he costume . and into he uniform ... shirt . tie. veat . become jimmy the bellman . back to reality ( film ) . he take off he headphone , glance at he reflection ina locker room mirror , the song cut out -- 16 . Jimmy hurry up to the front of the fancy hotel lobby , he tie 's a mess , collar askew . he 's late . 17 . slide into position next to-his friend chedder Bob , and a thin black bellman in he early 30 name paul , who 's greeting guest at the door . classical music play in the background . paul ( to jimny ) Mr. springer want to see you in he office , James - chedder bob {to Paul ) puck you , homo - nstraighten out Jimmy 's tie & collar ) you okay ? jimmy axe you drunk ? chedder bob ( he be ) shhhhhh . you okay about last night ? jimmy fuck last night , bitch - 17 . close on jimmy , take shit . piss off . beat . mr . springer ( os ) - be that why you be late again , Mr. Smith ? well ? Jimmy do not say anything just look down at he hand ... they be still smmdge dirty , lyric scrawle@ all over they like strange tattoo . he shift in he seat and hide he hand under he leg . mr . springer ( os ) what do you have to say for yourself , Mr. Smith ? Jimmy and he boss , mr . springer , a dark -skin white man in he late 40s with a mustache , be sit right across from each other in a cramped basement office . the door behind Mr. springer 's desk be not close all the way . jimmy - you can call I Jimmy . 18 . mr . springer okay . Jimmy . you know we be hesitant to take you on in the first place , Jimmy , because you be friend with Mr. Zurowsky . but , -- be you sure you can cut it here , Jimmy ? before Jimmy can answer that bullshit question the phone ring . Mr. springer snap it up . mr . springer ( into the phone ) room division - {some air go out of he ; whipped ) - yes , hon , I '11 be hete at seven ... yes ... yes , of course I will ... yes ? as Mr. springer continue to tolerate he wife , Jimmy notice a girl sit down outside the office . he shift in he seat try to get a better look through the door . and catch sight of a honey - dipped girl , maybe 18 or so , so sexy and indifferent she 's obscene , impossible . short hair . Long leg . oh God ... Mr. springer hang up the phone , all business . Jimmy can not keep he eye off of the girl , the girl . mr . springer okay , Mr. Smith . I have another meeting now so - if you be late again we be gonna have to let you go . you have to do better , -- I know you can be a better bellman - dimmy snap out of it . get up . shove he dirty hand in he pocket and head ovt . time to eat more shit . jimmy yes , sir . [ I will - when he get to the door he turm back to Mr. springer . the girl 's now stand right behind he in the doorway . jimmy I guess it 's not the right time to ask for extra shift , Mr. springer . be it ? but I - ahh - really need the money . mr . springer - I be sure you do , but let 's just see how this week work out first , Jimmy . okay ? ( more} 19 . mr . springer ( cont would ) } ( motion the girl in ) miss ? jiumy leave humiliate , still manage to smile at the girl as she enter the office . head out , he turn back around pull he dirty hand from of he pocket & throw up a middle finger in the direction of Mr. springer 's office -- the honey - dipped girl look up as she close the door , see jimay flipping she off . and give he the finger right back ! 18. dusk . parkness fall visible on the ratty trailer park . Jimmy 's work under the hood of the lincoln . the future 's kickin® back in the front seat . they hear lynyrd skynyrd 's " sweet Home Alabama * drift out of the mobile home . jimmy - yo you shoulda see this girl , puture . she be , -- I mean . shit . she 's perfect , yo . puture perfect ? perfect get a name ? Jimmy shrug , put up the hood on he hood sweatshirt . it 's get cold . they hear greg inside the trailer start sing along with lynyrd skynyrd . future - who the fuck be that ? jimmy that dude greg minor 's practically livin ' with my mom , yo . met at bingo up in Windsor . neither of tem ever fuck win - future - we go to school with ' im , right ? jimmy he be a senior with chedder Bob , man . I get '. save some money a ' get the fuck outta here , yo - they listen to greg sing ; he 's terrible . hear he turn up the stereo inside . and future start sing along at the top of he lung , off -key , make up the word as he go ... then he begin to freestyle over the rock & roll beat . Jimmy take a turn . rapping over " sweet Home Alabama . * they go back & forth spittin ' out verse over the music . 20 . future - yo there 's another battle next week , Jimmy . winner 's takin ' my place as host . I be signin ' you up - jimmy do not . future you gotta come down , ride that micu , youknowhat imsayin ' ? keep workin ' at it . that 's the only way you go get any betta ' . jimmy do not sign I up , yo . I be just gonna play it by ear - ( go back to work under the hood , try it now ~ future try to turn the car over . click . click . shit. vinmy keep work on the car . future you gotta let that people know you be not playin ' , youknowhat imsayin " ? ya know they say , that man , " Ill , ill , ill , i11 .* jimmy puck , I do not wanna get boo again , puche . it 's gonna kill I . a ! ' anyway , wink say he know Prince . say I can record a demo up at paisley Park a ' shit , yo - future nbust out laugh ) wink say he know Prince ? what the fuck do Prince gotta do with we music , Jimmy ? wink 's jus ' talk . there will be no action , only talk . timmy ~ no , he have picture , yo . this could be a r..u1 opportunity for I - greg limp out of the trailer sing " sweet Home Alabama " to himself , see Jimmy and puture work on the car . they throw hima look . he just laugh and head back inside sing he ass off . puture - yo , that dude mentally i11 ? 21 . oimmy car accident , man . s'ppose to get some big settlement soon - puture puck. hear what wink 's callin ' himself now ? jimmy 3rd person. nmotion to the car ) try it again - future 3xd person ? shit . I do not wanna bring too mich negativity towards my positive , but he be not a good rapper . that muthafucka 's weak . I no rather listen to funky ol ' greg sing - future try to start the car . it groan . sputter . spit . and start . dimmy smile , he fix it . the future 's up . future yo son , we goin 's out t'night ! jimmy ( slam down the hood ) - I dunno , people talkin ' shit . yo + ya know about last night a ' -- future mlaugh } fuck last night . jimmy I think you want to start gettin ' straight with the Lord . future c'mon it 's Saturday night , yo - 1s . night . the whole gang 's riding in the big-ass ' 79 lincoln . Jimmy and future up front , hip - hop thumping from the car 's shitty radio , tinny speaker tune to 96.3 . sol , dj iz and chedder Bob in the back seat gettin ' high . dj iz yo boy , this be you mom 's birthday present ? if it be I itd -- 22 . jimmy : ( cut he off ; on edge ) do not fuckin ' start , izzy - sol smoke , exhales . SOL we betta ' than this , fella - we gotta get we a deal - go platinum , get cheese out . chedder Bob pull out a bottle of vodka from inside he coat . future - stealin ' from you mom again , head ? cherder bob she do not notice , she 's teo light up most a the time . where 's wink ? he take a drink and pass the bottle to sol who hand he the joint . sool - meetin ' we there . fuck , we need to be slidin ' in navs , 600s an’ double rs . chedder bob yeah a ' get we all the hot bitch - bi 12 - no we gotta save up , put we money into saving bond every week if we wanna make it . no doubt . keep stackin ' it , an’ then build we own studio . cut a demo a ' get it on 96.3 - beat . what ? bond ? future what the fuck you talkin ' ' bout , iz ? SOL {to DI iz ) lemme ask you a question - how the fuck're we brother ? nigga we need a tithafuckin ' deal , fine woman a ' ear - not no mithafuckin' saving bond , fool . 23. jimmy : fuck . that 's all you motherfucker ever do be talk bullshit - {mimice sol} " we gotta get we a deal - * {mimics chedder hob ) " get we all the hot hitches - * ( mimic dj iz ) '' put we money into savings bond - * ( in he own voice ) just shutthefuckup . I be tired of everything . none a you ever do shit about nuthin ' - we all still broke as fuck livin ' with our mom ! ( laugh ) right , fuche ? sol now hold on there , Bunny - future yo , I be jus ' tryin ' to get straight with the lord. mlaugh } and big titty . I would like to get straight with that Big titty Mary , man ~ youknowhat imsayin ' ? jimmy I hit that - chedder bob - I hear she get vd . sol so what , nigga - I would still fuck -- before sol can finish the car go black . cut off . the radio . the light . the steering wheel . the brake . everything , dead . all the power 's go . Jimmy try to maintain control of the car . the guy be scream . the ' 79 lincoln gently coast to the side of the road . 20 . later . Dark side of the road . silhouett against the sky , the guy stand around the car like hunter examine kill . future that be crazy - Jimmy hop in , start up the car . light . 24 . the car run . jimmy - jus ' mist be a shart in the electrical system , yo , whatever . let 's go - sol uh-vuh . [ be not gettin ' back in that piece a shit - DB iz {quiet so Jimmy can not hear ) - it 's a fuckin ' deathtrap . I think he mom must be tryin ' to kill ‘im . chedder bob ( laugh ; whisper ) you think rabbit 's mom 's tryin* to kill ‘im ? Jimmy 's ear be so good he hear everything . he jump back out of the car -- jinmy what you say ? chedder bob nothin " , rabbit ~ jimmy T hear everythin' , yo - my mom be not tryin ' to kill I . fuckin 's kill you own self , bitch - chedder bob - hey I do not wanna die , rabbit . ( think about it } I mean , I dunno what the fuck I be livin ' for , but I really do not wanna die . 21. they pull into the crowded parking lot of a seedy chinese restaurant , stanley' cafe . Red neon . kid hang out talk grop and get high . noise and hip - hop fill the air . Jimmy get out of the car first , keep move . the other four slip out with attitude and head for the restaurant . Jimmy lead the way . future right behind he , a few step in front of sol & dj iz , chedder Bob pull up the rear . 25 . close on jimmy , look around the parking lot . outside himself . stop . his friend catch up to he . future you okay , Jim ? sol yeah c'mon , B. where ya goin ' - they all keep move . Jimmy stay there for a minute . throw up he sweatshirt hoad , hide . and finally follow after they . they pass by a group of kid hang out under a streetlight at the edge of the parking lot . kid spittin ' out verse . kickin ' some rhyme . in a circle . this be a cipha . it 's not competitive , just people check each other out . free . and easy . ru486 join in , future lead the way . Jimmy still trail behind . future ruu486 be here , my people - det we show you the way - sol gonna kick some serious shit - future yeah , mista . jimny look out from under he hood . check the crowd . puture join in the cipha , spit some alien shit . he be a motherfuck star . finishes . now sol 's up ( mista kingpin} . a freak . a bigger crowd gather . bounce . we see wink hustle up , smile and hand out flyer . future pull off Jimmy 's hood , push he forward . his turn . close on jimmy , start out slowly , unsure , hesitant . work into it . faster. quicker . forgetting the crowd . the word flow set he free ... easily the best . the future laugh , he know . while jinmy 's rapping , we see the honey - dipped girl from work join the crowd . she 's with a group of hip young kid . they all listen to Jimmy . he do not see she , Jimmy finish . dd iz step up & smooth out some rhyme . 26 . jiumy spot two guy bead in bis direction ; a solid black dude with a baseball cap pull down tight over he face name papa doc , aka papa , and he sidekick lc lyckety -splyt aka lc & lyckety - splyt , a very skinny black clown . they be beth part of ru486 's rival crew , leadaz of tha free world , aka tha free World . aka the enemy . jimny look for someplace to run . lc lyckety - splyt jump onto the hood of a car near the middle of the cipha -- lc lyckety-splyt ohyp ; scream ) listen up now - leada2 of tha free world in tha muthatuckin ' house an’ shit ! I a ' papa doc ~ we'le battle any muthafuckas here - papa Doc step up on the car with lyckety - splyt . they now have everybody 's full attention . cipha over . jimny take a step back into the crowd . his friend all up in arm -- SOL yo , tell y'all - papa Doc an‘ lc lyckety - splyt be talkin ' shit - future puck tha free World , man - chedder bor nyell out ) yeah , man . fuck ' em . lc lyckety - splyt look for someone to challenge , still work the crowd over , eye Jimmy and he crew . lc lyckety-splyt yo all you muthafuckas be weak a ' shit - lookit ru486 , boy -— ( point to sol} mista kingpin - ( freestyle a few rhyme about he ; point to the puture ) the fu -- before lc can even say he name future point right back at he & yell out -~- . future shut up bitch - papa Doc take a step toward the future . 27 . papa doc . ( menace ) what tha fuck you gonna do about it ? Jimmy stand up for he friend . jimmy yeah ? c'mon motherfucker - lc lyckety-splyt ( point to Jimmy ) yo rabbit ~ b-rabbit - you do not wanna battle I , white boy - you should be afraid . caught you act at shelter last night - ( open he mouth & nothing come out - & do it again , then fall over on the car , choke ) araaaabaaaaah ~ some people in the crowd laugh . humiliate jimny . and he just fuck lose it , all that anger . Jimmy yank lc lyckety - splyt off the car by he neck slamm he head hard into the ground . the violence real . Ugly . loud. past . start kick he in the face -- papa Doc dive off the hood , tackle Jimmy to the ground -- Jimmy shove he away , get up ready to fight . future , sol and dj iz run up get Jimmy 's back -- chedder Bob try to act all tough and shit just stand over lyckety - splyt . and wink jump right into the middle of it all -- push papa Doc away from the fight , stay in the middle . break it up . it 's clear from the way wink talk to papa Doc they know each other . they be friend . wink - yo what tha fuck , papa ? please . lc 's full a shit , yo - actin ' up like that - tapa doc stay outta this , wink . it 's none a you fuck business - wink just chill , yo - papa go over to help up lyckety - splyt . puture drag jinmy away from the fight . 28 . odimmy - {insane witb anger ) puck motherfucker ! I will fuck kill that fuck pussy - sol , dj iz and chedder Bob help to holé Jimmy back , try to calm he down . future - not here , Jim . do not worry . we will rush them later , youhearwhat imsayin ' ? SOL puck yeah . chedder bob - they do not even know who they talkin ' to , do they ? 22. close on jimmy , bounce up & down . still wire , on edge . it 's later . he 's inside stanley 's Cafe . old-school chinese . red. crowd . hip -hop misic . we hear sol talkin’ on & on in the background . SOL ( 08 ) - this go be you only opportunity to blow the both of we . ' Cause after we go platinum , you will not even be able to get to I an' the future , baby - Jimmy 's stand next to sol & future , both sit on one side of a booth , a real pretty girl squeeze in between they . chedder Bob alone on the other side . chinese take - out 's open . Restaurant 's close . Red booth line the mirrore wall , table clear out for a dj and a dance floor . chedder bob ( to jimmy} - do you think I get a big head ? jimmy what ? pretty girl oflirt with future ) and why're you the future ? future I have a lotta name , baby - the most jealous name . . {more ) 29 . future {cont would ) I use to he call maximum , brimstone , godfather D , devastate D , everlasting D - none of ‘em work , youknowhat imsayin ' ? ' til one day someone say I be the future of hip -hop in Detroit . and that be it . you gotta find you name . sometimes it find you a ' shit - sol {to the pretty girl ) - let 's jus ' go a ' make this happen so ya can hu ry you a ' tell all you friend we name . say ya blow both the future and mista kingpin ! puture laugh . and the girl crack up too . wink walk up to the table . all the guy look at he . beat . wink - yo yo I be sorry fella , ya know I do not know papa an’ lc be such muithafuckas till tonight . and I dunno what to say , I 'ma - ahh - fpull out a flyer from he jacket , hand it to Jimmy ) and I be promotin ' a show with they next week ya know - and - chedder rob tha fuckin’ free World ? future ( to Jimmy ) hear what I be sayin ' ? Jimmy read the flyer . chedder Bob look at it over he shoulder . wink ( straight to Jimmy ) - if ya want ' I '11 puli outta tha show . you be my friend , yo . and I do not wantchya bein ' mad at I - Jimmy look up and see the girl , the honey - dipped girl , the girl ( wear a sexy little concert t-shirt} on the other side of the crowded dance floor . -- he can not believe it . she disappear into the crush . Jimmy balis up the flyer and throw it away . 30 . jimmy fuckit , whatever - cee qloock over to puture ) . atight ? ' chedder bob - yeah , whatever . fuckit . future ( to wink ) that okay wit’ you , benedict Arnold ? wink hey fuck you , man - the future laugh . jinmy start to walk away . chedder bob where ya goin ' , rabbit ? jimmy ( keep walk , look out for the girl ) you gotta see this girl , she 's - wink ( follow after he ) aan yeah ? future yo Jimmy , slide we you car key - jimmy ( stop ) what for ? sol we go be famous ! 23. Jimmy , wink and chedder Bob snake they way through the mess of body pack the dance floor tight . hod n d all bumpin ' & grindin‘ . boom music . they have to shout to be hear -- wink - I dunno why future do not like me. jimmy ( look for the girl ) it 's not like that - ya know , he just thinks sometimes you talk some bulishit - 31 . wink who tha fuck be he to say what 's Real ? just ' Cause he host that Battles ? I know he 's you friend , B - but the guy 's still fuckin 's workin ' at Little caesar . jimmy so ? wink you still wanna record at paisley Park or what ? oimry yeah . but I be gonna need to get some song together pirst . wink cool. have sol & dj iz bring they shit over to my House - chedder bob ( to Jimmy ) - will you teach I howta write rhyme like you , rabbit ? that 's a Way to get the lady - right ? tf mean I wanna be a emcee like , -- opoint into the dance floor ) shiiit , be that that bitch janeane ? jimmy fuck off - wink where ? chedder Bob point again . Jimmy spot he ex-girlfriend janeaneb gaskell , a pretty 20 something bombshell smoking & drink on the edge of the dance floor . chedder bob think she be pregnant , yo - Jimmy turn around . start head the other way . jimmy - I gotta go. wink what about you other girl , Bunny ? stop . give another quick look over the dance floor . 32 . see the honey - dipped girl dance with she friend right near janeane . he turus back around , lower he voice . jimmy fuck . there she be , man - that girl in the concert T next to janeane - whaddaya think ? wink ocheck she out ; wow ) yeah . ( lean in ) do not worry - wink 's gotchya . jimmy what ? wink I 'ma go invite she & she friend to a after hour party , yo - jimmy where at ? wink my house , dawg . jimmy - what about you mom ? wink please . she 's worki not night now . dust meet I outside - I will take care a the whole thing for ya , B - 24 . later . Jimmy , dj iz and chedder Bob stand in fromt of the restaurant , off to the side . in the bitter cold . the joint 's close , kid stream out . DI iz shit it 's coid . where the fuck 's wink wit ' you girl , yo ? Jimmy throw up he hood keep he head low . hiding . timmy ( to chedder Bob ) - you see janeane yet ? chedder bob nope. 33 . wink walk out with the honéy -dipped girl , three of she girlfriend and a couple guy . they 'ze all very young , arm around each other , high on ecstasy . youch , in love . wink yo Jimmy be it okay if some of we ride wit ' you ? oimmy ( hide a smile under he hood} yeah . 25 . Jimmy and he friend , the girl and one of she girlfriend , all walk up to the big-ass ' 79 lincoln . the window all steam up . DI iz c'mon . let 's go , I be cold - dust then a naked foot slide against the foggy rear window smidging a view . a girl 's ass flash into frame , a head bob up & down , hand grab . a scream . chedder bob be they killin’ that bitch or what ? do 12 open the back door , a pretty naked leg spill out . dj 1Z - she be not dead yet . dj iz jump right in . more scream -- SOL ( 0s ) what the fuck , yo ? can not you knock first ? dj iz ( 0s ) it 's a car , nicja - a ' it 's muthafuckin ' cold out - while sol & dj iz argue , everybody start pile into the car . Jimmy and the honey - dipped girl suddenly find themselves stand next to each other . alone . eye meet . time for name . she 's alexandra latourno , Alex & Al , and she shiver just a little bit in the cold . jimmy ( slip off he hood ) - hey . 34 . alex ( big eye ; fuck up ) you be Jimmy Smith Jr. - right ? oimmy ( smile ; flatter she know he name } yeah - alex you go to osborne with my older sister , Janice latourno - jimmy {no idea who sne be ) - yeah I think I remember she . alex my name 's Alex . jimmy - yo you do not look like a Alex . she smile at he . oh god , she smile at he . alex ( smile at he ) it 's alexandra . but nobody ever call I that ya know . sound like a old actress or whatever - Alex slide into the lincoln . before Jimmy get in he hear someone call out " hey rabbit ! " from across the parking lot . it 's janeane . he jump into the car . future ( laugh , shout out from the back seat} Quick . it 's the baby mama drama ! and Jimmy peel out before janeane get close -- 26 . fast car fly . nine people pack inside tight . puture '' sol with they girl on they lap play around in the back seat next to dj iz & chedder Bob squeeze together . up front , wink flirt with Alex 's girlfriend , Alex on she lap sittingthiscleset of jinmy drive . it 's crazy , lond . 96.3 on the radio . Fighting , tickle , laugh , sing . everybody do they own thing . Jimmy try to stay cool . so close . to her. 35 . it 's agony . alek ( low under the music} ~ so you work at the hotel ? that springer guy always such a dick - or ya know just with you ? Jimmy laugh , shrug he shoulder . alex what be you , like a bellboy - jimmy no , yo - bell man . alex ( smiles} - whatever . I be justa tea girl . not for long ya know - there 's a commotion in the back hetween sol and dj iz jockey for position . dj iz > yo what kinda shit you pullin’ , sol ? pretty girl who 's sol ? puture grab the girl and start kissing she in the jam . sol push dj i2 . sol shut up , izzy - sol and dj iz fight in close quarter . chedder Bob see pature and the girl goin 's at it hand all over each other . he start bark . Chaos . : everybody in front turn to see what 's go on in the back . Alex lean even closer to Jimmy when she look , she face brushes against he , she hand on he shoulder , steadying . oh ... Jimmy swerve the car she fall against he , on he . over he . he straighten it back out try to concentrate on the road . she lean over , a short distance , almost kissing he face . alex . ( laugh ) - lucky you rap better than you drive , jimny . jimmy huh ? alex 36 . I hear you be a real dope rapper . jimmy ( give she shit ) - '' dope rapper ?* alex ( push he ; joke ) shit yeah - jimmy ( bide a smile ) - ya know . alex so be you like sign or anything , whatever yet ? deal ? split screen : wink not yet , but he 's recordin’ with the & Prince at paisley Park . he jus’ need to get some song together - CUT split screen : jimmy ~ yeah . it 's coal . CUT split screen : future ( 0s ) ( call out from underneath the pretty girl ) - do I hear one a you muthafuckas say Prince ? cur split screen : wink yo do not be jealous , puture - I be 3rd person now , man - cut_split screen : ya know what 's you jimmy well - I dunno - alek - really ? alek ( touch Jimmy 's arm ) Prince ? jlmmy nlook down at Alex touch he arm ) well [ I - um - future ( os ) ( laugh ) jealous ? you crazy , muthafucka ? puck Prince - 37 . future 7 , jimmy ( squeeze the - yo , man , whatever . pretty girl out of the way ; to Alex ) chedder bob - if you really wanna see nlean in , drunk ) dinmy trip , baby , c'mon out yeah he 's gonna kill that to the next battle - free World muth - er- fuck -er cur split screen : jimmy alee yo shut - up , Bob - when 's that ? CUT split screen : future alek - next weekend . yeah ? shit , Jimmy - all that and Prince too ? curt_ split screen : jimmy jimmy nlook like he ( look like he want to ron ; want to minute ; stick ) stick } end split screen : Jimmy look like he want to mun , but he 's stick between wink and puture 's plan for he , go nowhere . so he just hit the gas ; : he can not run but he can drive faster . kick it into high speed . we hear another song , let we into Jimmy 's head -- 27 . high speed . speed up & down the street of Detroit , drive into a neighborhood of small two -story brick house , parking in front of wink 's mom 's house , a bunch of other kid parking head inside smoking laugh drink yell cranking music dance party inside , sol make out with pretty girl while wink lead a little girl past dj iz who 's all over some other girl in the corner near chedder Bob hang out drunk alone watch a bunch of young girl dance in the live room in front of a big picture window , include Alex who 's move slow & sexy playfully touch she friend and herself kissing they laugh high on E. close on alex , move slow & sexy playfully touch she friend and herself kissing they laugh high on E -- jump to regular speed . 38 . say it again . Alex move slow & sexy , playfully touch she friend and herself , kissing they , 's laugh high on B. Jimmy & future hang out drink on the couch , watch Alex dance . they talk over the music never take they eye off of she . jimmy yo pucbe - why would you say that shit in the car ? future pamn ~ you be not fuckin ' around , be ya , James - she be perfect , yo - what 's she name ? jimmy - I tell you I be not gonna battle , yo . sol walk by hold hand with the pretty girl , laugh . jimmy she really blow the both of ya ? puture Hell yeah - I 'ma sinner , James . what 's you girl 's name ? jimmy - Alex . future you sho as hell gonna battle if Alex be there , bey - you go care what she say , youknowhat imsayin ' ? jimmy - I dunno . future youknowhatimsayin ' - they sit and watch Alex dance sexy with she friend . course he know what he 's say . future you know what I be sayin’ . ( light up a cigarette ) we all weak in the flesh , yo - that 's the devil right there , be not it ? ( more ) 33 . future ( cont would ) ( laughs} just like wink . tryin ' to keep we ali in division a 's shit wit ' all he paisley - fuckin' - Prince talk . you gotta come to church with I in the mornin " , yo - jimmy ( shake he head no ) - you ever meet wink 's mom ? future uh-uh . I do not think she exist , man . no one 's cver see ‘er - right ? they look at each other and crack up laugh . all of a sudden they see chedder Bob race across the room and jump into the middle of all the young girl dance spilling he @rink bark , jump & dance like a freak . Jimmy & puture hop up off the couch and join chedder Bob and the girl jump & dance & laugh . and then sol & dj iz join in . and wink . and before ya know it the whole crew 's loving each other and dance and Alex move closer to Jimmy . move in and start kissing he hot & heavy so high need to touch he and then they be all over each other and -- cuT to : 2b . Morning . Jimmy get cut of the skinny trailer shower , sing prince 's " sexy m.f. " to himself . grab a towel . Dancing silly and sexy , motherfucker . suddenly he hear he mother scream out " no !* hear the front door slam shut ! 29 . Jimmy run out of the bathroom , towel wrap around he waist . his mother 's hold onto a piece of paper . freaking out . lily 's on the couch . the tv on . jimmy what 's the matter ? stephanie ~ I just get serve , goddamnit . we be gettin’ evict . why I ? {more} 40 . stephanie ( cont would ) nlean against the wall ; try not to cry ) shit - jimmy cunconfort able} c'mon , not in front a ya know - he motion to lily , lead he mom toward she bedroom . jimmy - how many month late be you ? stephanie - ob God greg can not find out . jimmy puck greg ~ they walk into she bedroom . it 's a mess . he slide the flimsy vinyl door shut . stephanie shit - okay , -- Three month late - nlose it ) so we get - what - thirty day to come up with the money , right - jimmy whaddaya mean " we ? " stephanie nsnap ) - hey you need to start chippin ' in , rabbit , if you ‘’re livin ' here . jimmy fuck that , yo I be savin ' money to get the fuck outta here , Mom . when 's greg gettin ' he settlement check ? get the money from hin - stephanie no think he might ask I a ' lily to move away with he someplace nice , and I just do not wanna freak he out , baby , and -- jimmy yo I do not need this . I get a lotta shit goin ' on right now . I be goin ' to paisley Park . maybe even recordin ' with Prince a ' shit . 41 . beat . stephanie : ( start to smile ) ~ really ? Prince ? jimmy yeah . maybe . stephanie ( still smile ; give he a big hug ) : I know you be a genius . we gonna be rich , rabbit ! 30 . Jimmy the bellman , unload luggage from a cart into a suite . a hip guest in he early 30 name mr . leonard be across the room talk on the phone like Jimmy be not even there . mr . leonard [ into the phone ) - I do not sleep with she . I be in love with you ... of course I think you be beautiful ..- hold on - nput he hand over the phone ; to Jimmy ) hey busboy - Jimmy stop , do the guy just call he " busboy ? " Jimmy hold he tongue , continue unload the luggage cart . Mr. Leonard snap he finger , motion he over -- mr . leonard busboy - jimmy Excuse I - my name be Jimmy , Mr. Leonard . and I 'ma bellman , not a busboy - mr . leonard ( do not give a shit sorry - can you get I a pack a marlboros , man ? jimmy sure , Mr. Leonard - mr. leonard {into the phone ) - sorry , sweetie , I just gotta find some money for the busboy ... you sure you be okay ? 42 . Mr. Leonard turn he back on diumy , look around the nightstand for cigarette money . Jimmy qlose he eye ; we hear a angry song thump on the soundtrack . he open up ... the room be animated . superjiemy fly at mr. leonard . grab the phone out of he hand . start strangling he to death with the chord , rapping out about call he a busboy . mx. Leonard tum cartoon blue . and die . superdimmy just pick he up & throw he out the window , still spitting . mx. Leonard crash down to the ground . Ana supexjimey fly up up & away into the sky - 31 . back to reality ( film ) . Jimmy , wheeling the cart back to the front lobby . piss off . run into earl , a quiet old bellman in he 60 , tired . classical music in the background earl what 's the matter ? jimmy some fuckin’ guest just call I a busboy - earl - huh ? jimmy nraise he voice ) some sonuvabitch call I a busboy , a busboy , Earl . and now I be gettin ! ' im cigarettes - ( laugh , lean in closer} lemme ask you , man , how you put up with all this shit for like 30 year ? just then , Mr. springer walk by . slow down . check up on Jimmy and Earl . mr . springer {already know the answer } on time today , Mr. sinith ? jimmy yessir - Mr. springer smile , continue on he way . 43 . and Jimmy flip he off behind he back . earl {takes the cart from jinmy ) ~ sometimes it help to be hard a hearing , Jim . jimmy yeah - earl ( smile ) or ya could just rip out theix vocal chord . what ? Earl walk off with the cart . Jimmy watch he for a moment . shake he head , get move . he pass by the lobby lounge and see Alex shadow a older woman , get traim . serve tea to wealthy old lady , mother & daughter . it 's formal afternoon tea , and Alex be a * tea girl * dress in a short black skirt , black hose , black shoe , and white blouse . sexy in that french may way . Alex look up and see jinmy . she smile and discreetly give he the finger . flirt . he laugh . 32 . jimny , head inte the hotel 's gift shop . he hear someone call out " rabbit ! " shit . it 's janeane . dinmy look around . no place to run . no place to hide . janeane finally catch up to he . janeane why have not you call ? jimmy yo janeane - shit , I can not talk now ~- itm will king - ( to the salesperson ) can I get a pack a marlhoros ? janeane ~ I do not care . I be you girlfriend , rabbit . 44 , cimmy : ( look around ; lower he voice ) keep you voice down . shit . I work here , yo . Jimmy pay for the cigarettes and head out of the store . janeane follow after he . jimmy ~ ant you be not my girlfriend anymore . we break up . janeane but you take off this time without even sayin ' a word . we be not even fight - jimmy at least I leave you the car a ' shit . janeane be it ' cause I say I be preqnant ? Jimmy head down the hallway back toward the front lobby . jimmy {getting piss } I can not talk now , janeane - you gotta get the fuck outta here - janeane I just wanna be you girlfriend , rabbit - jimmy ~ you be gonna get I fire . janeane ( stop ; start to lose it ) - just tell I why you leave , -- what would I do , what would I do - tell I , ant I will leave you alone , rabbit - dimmy pulis janeane a : '' je , fast . try to calm she down . he look over to the lounge to see if anybody 's watch they . Alex be work . no one notice he & janeane . jimmy okeep a eye on . Alex ; talk fast ) - you do not do anything , janeane . it 's my shit . ( more ) 45 . jimmy ( cont would ) I just bad to get out , -- I feel all trap an‘ shit - ya know the dish be pilin 's up , you be always outta cigarettes , a ' the tv be always goin 's - and , and , and I know you be not pregnant , you jus ! tell I that shit to get I to stay , but - janeane {pushes he away ) fuck you , you be not willin ' to do the work , rabbit - what be you runnin’ from ? jimmy - nothin ' . and jimuy just walk away . the classical music play in the background . janeane keep up the fight , eye red -- janeane fcall after he ) why do you always gotta run away ? he do not answer , keep walk . janeane rabbiiiit ! everyone in the place look over at janeane . Jimmy turn red . he hurry back , put he arm around janeane and quickly lead she out toward the front door , desperately try to avoid any further embarrassment . simmy janeane , you gotta go - janeane I be you girlfriend , rabbit - you can not do this to I - everybody 's now watch they . Jimmy husty she outside , out into the cold . storw cloud loom overhead . it 's gonna rain , maybe snow . jimmy c'mon , baby , go home - janeane + ya know everybody 's callin ' you a loser from the other night . 46 . jimmy who tell ya that ? janeane {she grab he aru ; hold on ) I hear ya get boo off stage at the shelter . froze up . they be all talkin ' about it - jimmy {yanks he arm away ; hard ) fuck you , janeane . go home . jimny head straight back inside . Alex be wait for he by the door , stand next to Paul , the other beliman . alex be everything , ya know , okay ? oimmy ( keep walk ; head down ) yeah - {quiet so Paul can not hear ) - do everybody hear that shit or what ? Alex look at he . alex ohide a smile yeah . Jimmy just shake he head , walk to the elevator . Alex follow after he . alex be that you girlfriend ? jimmy no - Alex just laugh . alex -. hey , can you gimme a ride home or whatever after work ? 47 . 33. after work . pour rain . Dark , it 's get darker . Jimmy 's car be park in a empty lot near the hotel . he and Alex be inside the lincoln . out of uniform . dimmy can not get the car start . click . click . Dead . he look over at Alex . he 's still fuck up from he fight with janeane . the window fogging up . it 's the first time they be all alone . silence . tension . be they gonna kiss ? Alex light up a cigarette , inhale deeply . Jimmy try again . click . nothing . exhales -_ JI mmy - I think there 's a umbrella in the trunk , yo . and we hear a more upbeat jazzy version of we open title song ... 34 . Jimmy & Alex walk in the rain , share a umbrella . head for a crowded bus stop . Bright headlight intermittently cut the darkness . Jimmy 's lose in he own world . we still hear the song . a car drive by and splashes a puddle all over Jimmy . jimmy fuck - nlook down at he wet clothes ) fuck fuck fuck fuck - Alex crack up . Jimmy throw a fit . which make Alex laugh even harder . we hear the song . he look at she laugh , pull away the umbrella and jume into a puddle , splash Alex . she 's soak . kick water right back at he . we hear the song . they make they way down the street jump and kick water back & forth at each other ... and Jimmy start singin ' in the rain , just singin’ in the rain . show off for Alex . try to impress she . sing along to the song . splash in puddle . play with the umbrella . 48 . singin 's and dancin ' in the rain , just sampling some old fuck movie . Jimmy finish the song just as the bus pull up . they run to make it , drench and laugh . a5 . Jimmy and Alex on the crowded bus . stand up , pack Light . dripping wet . and cold . alex ( lean into he ) - I hate the bus , ya know , it 's such a drag . make I look like a loser . but I be save up my money so - swing back & forth , Alex grab onto Jimmy for support . she shiver a bit . turn he on . he shove he hand into he pocket , cover . excite riding the bus . jimmy - how be work ? alex ya know . serve tea to rich lady and they daughter all dress up , think they be better than I ~ Jimmy smile . he know . alex - and I know that look , ' cause I use to have this * I be better than you attitude " that make I like a real bitch . but I be not gonna he do this that long ya know . I can hardly wait to get outta this shithole before I kill somebody - jimmy ( laugh ) - you know whete ya goin ' ? alex New York or Germany - I win this modeling contest and this guy be all , " hey would ya like to come to New York ? " and I be all like sure why not - I just gotta put my book together . jimmy '' what if the guy 's full a shit , yo ? then what ? alex - hey I be not a idiot . he 's with blite . and I just know I wanna get famous . if I do not make it as a model , I '1 ] 1 just become a actress or whatever - ( laugh ) - it 's gotta be exciting for you - recording with Prince and everything . jimmy I dumne about Prince . but paisley Park sound cool . alex whe n be you goin ' ? I wanna come - dimmy T dunno , yo. soon. nlean in closer ) ~ you wanna do somethin‘ tomorrow night ? alex nraise she voice ; fuck with he ) you ask I out on a date , Jimmy ? people look over at they . listen in . Eye Jimmy . jimmy qlook around ) yeah - beat . alex okay . he smile . alex ~ but I can not tomorrow night , jimmy why not ? alex wink invite I to he show . 50 . jimmy tha free World show ? alex onod she head yes ) - ya know I see you fight that guy in the parking lot the other night at stanley 's Cafe . jimmy ( surprised ) - you be there ? alex yeah . I and all '' friend - they think you be crazy . jimmy ( snap ) they do not even fuckin ' know I - Alex just look at he . a awkward beat . fimmy ( try to stay cool ) - and you hear all that shit lyckety - splyt say ? alex yeah . the bus pull over for a stop , the door open . Jimmy want to go . jimmy - this 's my stop , yo . alex nlook out the window ) Nice neighborhood . Jimmy head out the door . in a hurry . hurting Alex 's feeling . jimmy thanks . I will see ya later , yo . diumy get off the bus in the rain , stay on the sidewalk . wait for it to drive away . and then scream out . angry . loud . beat. si . 36 . : later . chedder Bob drive Jimmy and fiture in some old beater . he 's a terrible driver . the rain have let up . the world be grey , blue . jimmy ( hard ; on edge ) - head down to the shelter , Bob . chedder bob I think we be goin ' to wink' . mom 's house . oimmy I wanna jump that free World motherfucker first - it 's time they get theirs . chedder rob ( look at jinmy ) but sol & D ? iz be already settin ' up ali they shit at wink 's . future what ? chedder Bob almost rear-end the car in front of they . jimmy watch the road , fool ! where would ya get this car from anyway ? chedder bob stole it from my sister . future oshake he head at jimny ) yo I can not believe you be takin ' this wink bullshit serious , Jim . jimmy back off , yo - chedder bob ( to .uture ) maybe you jus* jealous - like wink keep sayin’ . future yo I do not give a fuck what any man say . I only need God . I go back to church the other day - {to Jimmy ; point ) youhearwhat imsayin* ? 37 . 52 . the car 's park across the street down from the shelter . the guy be sit low , stake out the joint . Jimmy and future not talk . still tense . credder bob ( to future ) ya know rabbit 's gonna teach I howta write rhyme , yo - beat . future you ? chedder bob mc bob. jimmy what ? chedder bob that a good name , home ? jimmy what 's the matter with chedder bab ? chedder bob I dunno . ii like mc Bob - future ( laugh ) how about Big fat head Bob ? they see a white van pull up in front of the shelter and park . papa Doc , lc lyckety - splyt and the rest of tha free world ( two black guy and a white guy name E ) pile out . jimmy about time . future yeah , dawq . jimmy {to '' .edder bob} you ready ? chedder bob ( nod ; serious ) yeah . ( pat he belt ) I be ready . they all slide out of the car . $ 3. 38 . .. Jimmy and future walk up to the club . chedder Bob a step back . tha pree World 's unload equipment for they show . stack speaker and mixer and turntable . they all stop when they see Jimmy and future . Jimmy just walke right up to papa Doc . shove he -- oimmy c'mon motherfucker . let go . papa boc ( laugh ) you be gonn - fuck wit ' we ? lc lyckety - splyt jump in , talk trash . lc lyckety - splyt yeah , boy - you do not wanna fuck wit ' we ! you can not even battle we - oimmy get the fuck outta here - he shove lyckety - splyt , wheel and punch papa Doc in the face . it 's on . wuture grab E -- the other guy close in . all hell 's about to break loose and -- bang ! a gunshot ! jimmy - what the fuck ? everybody freeze . turn around . chedder Bob be stand there , hold a .38 up in the air . everybody check . nobody be shot . chedder bob ( wave the gun in the air ; hysterical ) yeah fuck with we - huh ? you wanna fuck with we ? yeah ? tha pree World just stand there . Jimmy and future stare at chedder bob. beat . they hear police siren in the distance . chedder bob you do not wanna fuck with we ! {to jina ; panicked ) we-should - go-now - 54 . chedder Bob back away , keep the gun on tha free World . siumy just shake he head . he and future follow after chedder Bob . the siren get closer . they make a run for the car . 33. speed in chedder Bob 's sister 's car . he 's still hold onte the gun . Jimmy in the front seat . future in the back . pumped up . and freaking out . jimmy ( yell at chedder Bob ) where the fuck ya get that , man ? chedder bob - it 's my dad 's . future you know how to use it ? chedder bob just point an’ shoot , homey . he point the gun into the back seat . future nlean out of the way ) - yeah , well , do not be pointin ' it at I , " homey . " jimmy ( slap chedder Bob on the head ) put that shit away , fool - before you fuckin ' shoot one of we ! suddenly the white van appear behind they . chedder bob oh shit ! 40 . the old car whip around a turn . chedder Bob weaving in and eut of traffic . driving like a maniac . the white van still on they tail . chedder bob ( panic ) puck fuck fuck - 55 . timmy : what would ya think be gonna happen ? you pull a gun on ‘em - chedder bob ( look at jinsry ) I dunno - future watch the fuck road , head ! chedder Bob take another turm fast . almost hit a car . speed up . the van still there . guining . gain . chedder bob ( hand Jimmy the - 38 ) here . shoot at ‘em . jimmy 1 be not gonna shoot at anybody , you idiot ! just fuck drive - chedder Bob floor it . a light up ahead change from yellow to red . chedder Bob do not slow . run the red light -- Zigzag fast between two car ! the van follow -- a horn beep ! the van brake ! skid just miss a oncoming car -- and sideswipe a park car ! crash to a stop . the guy look back . see tha free World jump out of they car . up in arm . jimmy turn the car around , chedder Bob - turn the fuck around . chedder bob why ? jimmy dust do it - chedder Bob whip a u-turn , speed back toward tha free World . Jimmy grab the wheel from he , head straight for papa doc. chedder Bob freak . papa Doc do not move . Jimmy just keep he hand on the wheel . play chicken . gonna run he right over -- 56 . and papa Doc jump out of the way just in time ! Jimmy spin the car around , take he hand off the wheel and lean out the window -- jimmy yo - he smile . and give they all the finger . 41 . Jimmy , future and chedder Bob walk up to wink 's mother 's heuse . laugh . all hop up . jimmy we fuckin’ show that guy - future - that shit be crazy . chedder bob ( beside himself ) yeah , I can hardly wait to tell everybody ! Jimmy stop . jimmy fuck . do not say shit to wink , Bob . future why not ? jimuy check inside the big picture window . do not see anybody . timmy you know - puture yeah , you do not wanna fuck up you chance with ' im - be that it ? jimmy fuck you , fuche - future oshake he head ) - I can not believe you give a shit what that little bitch be gonna think , Jimmy . ST . 42 . . Inside wink 's mom 's house . Jimmy , future and chedder Bob make they way down some dark stair , descend into the fluorescent light basement . panell wall , couch , card table , shitty tv . sol and dj iz be set up equipment . a crate of record , a mixer , two turntable & a microphone . wink 's get he arm around some pretty young girl , carry on . wink - yo where the fuck you guy be ? beat . jimmy nlook at puture ) around . future sit down on the couch , smoke a cigarette. off . piss DI iz ohook up the mixer ) we be almost all hook up here . sol yeah . an' wink be jus ' tellin ' we how he get in wit' Prince . chedder bob be n*t he just call the artist now ? wink naw he 's Prince again , dawg ~ and he 's friend wit Lee darucher . DI 12 be not that moochie ? SOL moochie be Lee darucher ? wink no. Lee darucher 's a concert promoter , man . he 's tight with that guy down at 96.3 - and yo he say they be gonna play some 3rd person this Friday . Said they flip over my song a ' shit . everybody stop . beat. 58 . jimmy ( impressed ) shiiit . they be gonna play it on the radio ? future so ? do not even raise my fuckin ' eyebrow . wink {to future ) c'mon , man it 's 96.3 - future Prince be a faggot young girl + Prince be not gay . Michael Jackson be gay . SOL Michael Jackson be not gay . maybe tito - jimmy tito ? SOL Heil , yeah . but not Michael - no . you see , Michael just never have a childhood or nothin ' , yo - dj i2 ogoing through he stack of record ) - no no , Michael have some serious self - image issue , man . ( pull out michae jackson be " thriller " } he use to be black . now he 's just tryin ' to make himself white to please White America . get that white love a " shit ~ no doubt no doubt . sol what the fuck're you talkin ' about ? future - it 's always easier for a white man to succeed in a Black man 's medium - ( look straight at wink ; fuck with he ) youknowhat imsayin '? 59 . wink : ( to puture ) why do you always gotta give I shit ? just ' cause you host that battle ? like that 's some big fuck deal - future jump up off the couch , get right in wink 's face . right between all the equipment ( turntable & microphone ) -- DI iz - be careful , yo . that shit cost we a fortune . sol why else you think we still livin ' at home , dawg ? future ( laugh at wink ) - if you be so good why do not you spit for we right now , jrd person ? wink what ? puture grab the mic and hand it to wink . future you could not freestyle if you life depend on it , bitch - c'mon . Rap something ' for we . you be gonna be om the radio - future flip on the turntable . put on Michael Jackson . ' wanna be startin ' somethin 's .* wink ( put down the mic ) you be psycho , man — future be I ? just ' cause you record at paisley Park do not mean you any good . anybody can record at paisley Park if you jot the money , right ? Jimmy step in between the two . Michael Jackson sing in the background . jimmy leave ' im alone , fuche . this be bullshit . ( more ) 60 . jimmy ( cont would ) I be fuckin ' sick a you two always talkin‘ shit about each other - just tryin ' to pump you own selve up . ya know ? 'walk away ) I be outta here - 43. it 's late . but Jimmy 's still go home the back way . through the field . over the fence . 44 . Inside the trailer , Jimmy walk past the kitchen . Stephanie 's at the table all alone watch tv . jimmy hey , didya win at bingo tonight ? stephanie ~ no . do you hear from Prince yet ? jimmy no. fuck - ( shake he head ) you guy never win . stephanie ( whisper ) shhh - greg 's sleepin’ . I know you do not like he a ' he do not like you but - Stephanie sit there . beat . jimmy fwhisper } you alright ? stephanie ( wh ! _per } I be havin ' a , a - ahh - a problem with greg - jimmy fwhisper } what . do he find out about the eviction ? Stephanie shake she head no . 61 . oimmy ( whisper ) his settlement check 's not comin' ? stephanie {belligerent } no. no . it 's come . it 's I and greg 's sex life . it 's good , I mean , ya know , real good , but the -- jimmy 's I do not wanna hear this shit - stephanie {just keep talk ) but see the problem be greg do not like to go -- jimmy ( eut she off ) Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom I dontt wanna hear it yo - Jimmy head for the bathroom . get ready for bed . re peel off he shirt . Stephanie follow after he . stephanie hey you have get a nice body , rabbit - jimmy ( stop ) what ? stephanie greg will not go down on I . jimmy Mom ! stephanie fwhisper } he will not go down on I . I mean I keep askin ' he a ' like I have no problem goin ' down on -- Jimmy put he hand over he ear , run into the bathroom - - jimmy Mom , stop , I be not hearin ' this - he close the door in she face . 62 . as . early morning , behind the hotel . jinmy 's get out of sol 's mother 's shitty car . sol drive he to work . garbage bag line the filthy alley . Sun rise . rarshb reality . Jimmy pause for a moment before he close the door . oimmy + hey sol , ya ever wonder at what point ya just say " 'fuckit . " when ya know ya gotta stop livin ' up here - ( gesture over he head , then drop he hand down low ) and start livin’ down here . beat . sou ( look at he half - asleep ) - it 's fuckin’ 6:30 in the morning , dawg . timmy mlaugh ) thanks for the ride , yo - and thank you mom for lendin ' you the car . I will see ya after work . 46 . hour later . Jimmy the beilman , finish load luggage inte a brand spanking new porsche park in front of the hotel . everything 's silent . except we hear dimmy rapping a song to himself . quiet . simple . poetry . he close the trunk and quickly look around , never stop he music . everything else still silent . Jimmy slip into the sport car . check out the interior . suddenly the passenger side door swing open , SOUND crase back -- and Alex jump in , hold onto she " french may * '' uniform , Jimmy can not believe he eye . he look again . she 's still there . alex c'mon , let 's get outta here - jimmy where to ? 63. alex ( laugh ) anywhere in this car - she lean over to give he a kiss , all turme on . look up . and stop . alex uh-ob - Jimmy follow she eye ... a chubby guest , mr . kosko , be stand there watch lhem about to kiss in he new porsche . Alex just laugh , get out of the car and head for the hotel leave Jimmy behind . Jimmy quickly jump out -- timmy I can explain , Mr. kosko - I -- KR. kosko {dismissive ) do not . you be just a terrible bellman - a frantic woman , Mr. kosko 's wife , hurry up to the car . jimmy ( try to stay eool} - you wife 's luggage be all load up , sir . will there be anything else ? Mr. kosko 's cell phone ring . mr . kosko there 's a blue suit in my room I need dry clean . do you think you can handle that ? jimmy fforce a smile ) - yessir . room 722 , right ? 47 . Jimmy , run back into the hotel . look for Alex . chedder Bob and Paul be in the middle of a argument -- paul call I a faggot again and I will beat you ass - 64 . chedder bob but you be gay - paul ( hard ) so ? chedder Bob back down . jimmy ( laugh ) yo chedder Bob , didya see Alex come in - chedder bob mc Bob . oimmy whatever . didya see she ? cheddex Bob point down the hall . 4g . Jimmy run down the hallway . catch up to Alex . she 's walk backwards , still hold onto she uniform a crooked smile paste on she face . ~ alex hey . why would ya take off like that yesterday ? jimmy ~ it be jus ' my stop , yo . and then I hadda show that free World motherfucker what be up - alex ( impressed ) you do ? jimmy yeah I dia . she turn back around . they head down the hall together . alex - ya know we shoulda just steal that fucker 's porsche . jimmy mlaugh ) you ever steal a car before ? 65 . alek no . but I figure you have , right ? and then we coulda just take off for good , whatever - she turn down another hallway , toward the hotel 's giant kitchen . waiter & waitress busy come & go . jimmy where ya goin ' , yo ? alex pickin ' up a little something ' for tenight , fyo " - 45 . in the kitchen . busy & bright . Alex walk up to a thin white prep cook , pull he aside to the corner and whisper into he ear . Jimmy talk to the other prep cook , clio , a cool black chick . a cheap boom box whine in the background . jimmy - clio , can you make I a hamburger ? clio sure thing , rabbit Alex make she way over , slip some pill ( e} into she front pocket . alex - hey why do some people call you rabbit ? jimmy that 's jus ' one a my name - clio ( laugh } ' Cause he 's fast - and like to fuck a lot . alex yeah ? jimmy - yeah . Alex smile . clio tell ya what , rabbit - I will battle ya for the hamburger - 66 . some of the other kitchen help overhear . get excited . Jimmy notice . unsure . jimmy oh 1 dunno - alex ( push he ) c'mon , * rabbit * - Jimmy look at she . he care what she say . jimmy atight , a’ight ~ some of the other cook and disnwasher pipe in . a couple of ‘em start bang on the counter get a beat together . gather around Jimmy and clic . and clio go first , battle Jimmy . freestyle about -- 1 . Jimmy be a bellman . 2 . always late . 3 . and white . she 's pretty good . finishes . now it 's Jimmy 's turn . Alex watch . he look at she . open he mouth to spit and he go off , freestyle like mad . he 's fast and clear . word flow , focus , kick clio 's ass . show off in front of Alex . he finish . the kitchen go crazy . he look over to Alex . and she 's hot . in love . by now , more waiter & waitress be hang around get into it , clap , dance . someone turn up the boom box , more music . can anyone say " hot lunch '' - shit , we be sampling * fame .* a - eenage puerto-rican dishwasher jump in to battle Jim everybody clap and move , whooping and holler . Music everywhere . Jimmy battle the dishwasher . back & forth . the rhyme flow . it 's all good . 67 . so . m Jimmy & Alex leave the kitchen . she 's exhilated . he 's wolfing down he hamburger . alex that be , -- ya know , that be amazing - diumy smile as they head down the hall , a bounce in he step . alex ~ you be definitely gonna make it . not like all that loser back there . jimmy they be not really loser , yo - alex they're not recording with Prince - jimmy ( between bite ) I should probably get back to work a ' shit - alex no I think I & you should -- Alex see the older woman we see training she the other day , the tea director , she boss , head they way . alex shit . there 's my boss , I be late - c'mon - she grab Jimmy 's free hand , turn around and take off run in the opposite direction -- running together , Jimmy still with a mouthful of hamburger , run down the hall . they turn down another hallway , haul ass and see -- Mr. springer get off a elevator . they screech to a stop . search for a es : ' pe route , nowhere leave to run . or hide . caught between two authority figure . Mr. springer see they , wave and head in they direction . Alex check around for she boss . Jimmy stick with a mouthful of food . chews hard , fast to swallow . Mr. springer get closer . Jimmy do not know what to do with the hamburger in he hand . put it behind he back . 68. Mr. springer walk up . and Jimmy stuff the sandwich into he back pocket . mr . springer Mr. Smith , miss latourmo - alex hey , Mr. springer - Jimmy smile , swallow the last of he foad . mr . springer {to jiumy ) I just want to say , Mr. Smith , you have be do a much better job - jimmy - thanks . so how ' bout that extra shift ? Alex catch a glimpse of she boss turn the corner . alex ( so innocent ) Excuse I , Mr. springer - but I gotta go change for work . I do not ya know wanna be late - mr . springer and where be you go , Mr. Smith ? jimmy I be run a errand for a guest , sir . mr . springer ( look at both of they ) okay . well , get to work - they walk slowly away from Mr. springer , Jimmy keep he hand behind he ass cover the hamburger in he pocket . they round the next corner , then take off run again -- down the hall . take '' turn . up to another bank or elevator . they jump into a open elevator , just as the door close . sl . in the elevator , Jimmy & Alex catch they breath . it 's empty . 69 . they look at each other and start laugh . they eye meet_ still out of breath . jimmy i ( crooked smile} | - what do you think we should do now ? alek what do you think we should do ? | he lean in closer . both of they have a hard time catch ; they breath . excite , turme on . jimmy you know - alex - yeah . yeah . yeah , yeah I think you should fuck I . he slide he hand down she pants . she moan . they kiss , still out of breath , pull at each other 's clothes -- 52 . Jimmy , opeme the door to room 722 . he pull she inside and they fall in on and all over each other . breathe heavy . he push she up against the door . pull up she shirt . her face hot and red . alex ( whisper ) I want it all jimmy - yeah alex everything she pull down she pants . no underwear . alek ( slowly ) I wantchya to do everything to I Jimmy . take I everywhere . promise she kiss he . / , alex ! Fucking promise I , jimny 70 . she moan . and he fuck she , bang against the door in rhythm with they breathe and moan . jimmy how do this feel , do you like it ? puck she harder . alel yes yes yes 53. sitting down , against the door . dishevel . happy . after sex . he look at she . both sweaty , hot & wet . beat . odimmy ( stand up , pull up he pants ) - I gotta get back to work , yo . alex uh-uh , rabbit . jimmy why ? be not that good for you ? alek yeah . but - jimmy ( sit back down ) - oh this be the part where I be suppose to like open up a ' share some shit with you - right ? alex nsmile ) yeah . jimmy but 2 do not want to - alex like why dontchya wanna battle on stage again ? wink say the last time you try you -- nin , 71 . jimmy ( snap ) fuck . I do not want people talkin ' shit about I no more - what 's 80 fuckin ' hard to understand about that ? you ever be boo before , have a whole crowd label you ? alex no - jimmy ° well it suck . and I get enough to worry about - if I *m ever gonna really do any.h , ya know - I 'ma -- ( beal ) I be just tired a -~ abh - I - before Jimmy can finish , he hear someone talk at the door . good ear . he motion to Alex to be quiet . it 's Mr. kosko . they look at each other . shit. grab they clothes , hop into the closet fast . sa . Inside the closet , try to stay quiet . darkness . they hear Mr. kosko come into the room , argue 'on the phone . upset . oimmy ( mouth to Alex ) oh fuck - fuck - Alex 's eye go wide . a naughty smile . they can still hear Mr. kosko babbling away on the phone . and Alex lean over and quietly go down on Jimmy . close on jimmy , bite onto he bottom lip . have to stay quiet . it 's so fuck good . Alex 's head bob in and out of frame . up & down . 58. after work , late afternoon . Jimmy fix he car in the hotel parking lot . he can not stop smile . future , sol and dj iz hang out . 72 . sol 's sit on the hood of -his mother 's car in the middle of tell a story -- SOL ~ you will not believe what happen to I this wornin ' , yo . jimmy bitch , it be not gonna beat what happen to I - SOL yo lemme finish , dawg . so I be up 6:30 in the mornin ' with my mom 's car a 's nuthin ' to do , so I decide the do laundry . DI 12 what ? sool nignore he ) - a ' there be this girl in the laundromat , an’ she be not that good lookin ' - not ugly - just not good lockin ' , ya know what I mean ? so we get to talk an’ we hit it off . I be talkin’ all this shit a ' she 's givin ' it right back to I , ya know we be really gettin ' into it . an? then she say a good man like I must have a good woman somewhere , an' I tell she the truth , I tell she that I ant my woman just break up - an’ she ask why , a " I say that she do I wrong ya know . a ' she say she know woman like that . but that 's not she , that 's not how she treat she man . an’ then she say she 's lookin ' for a good man . sol jump off the hood of the car , and start talk to it like it be the woman in the laundromat . SOL {all cook a ' shit ) - so I say , " what would you do with a good man ? * a ' she tell I , I mean she tell I exactiy what she would do with a good man . and I mean it include mithafuckin ' everything ~ everything , man - anal sex , everything . {more} beat . 73. SOL ( cont would ) nmove he hip back & forth , humping the car ) so man , I know this 's the girl for I , yo. 6:30 im the mornin’ at the jaundromat a 's I be talkin ' about fuckin ' this girl in the ass - shit , she be not that good lookin ' man , but she be not ugly either . know what I mean , future ? maybe I & you can both do 'er - future c'mon , mista - i be tryin' to flip the seript with that shit . you know that - bi iz ( the sol ) so what happen ? SOL ( stop humping the car} - I get 'er number a ' finish my laundry . oimmy ( laugh ) that 's it ? c'mon . guess who I fuck at work this afternoon ? SOL chedder Bob ? jimmy Alex . future get the fuck outta here - SOL she 's so fuck hot , dawg . we should share she - jimmy ( shake he head no ) she 's on I , yo . we fuck this afternoon in this dude 's room . a ' then he come back . ( more ) 74 . timmy ( cont would ) a ' we hide in the closet , an‘ get this - she suck my dick until he leave . serious . I be in love - the guy all gather around , whooping and holler high - five Jimmy . he 's the man . BJ iz shit . when ya gonna see ‘er again ? oimmyy - I think she 's goin ' to wink 's show tenight . hopefully I '11 see ‘er after that . 56 . the sun go down . Jimmy park the newly -fix lincoln in front of the drab double - wide mobile home . slip on he headphone . get lose in he own world . s57 . dimmy hurry into the trailer , tuning out . walk past the kitchen . see Alex and wink hang out drink cheap champagne with Stephanie . what ? Jimmy pulis off he headphone . horrify . stephanie - hey , rabbit - c'mon in we be havin ' a party ! greg 's settlement check 's comin ' in tomorra ! we luck 's changin 's - ( pour wink more cheap champagne ; flirt ) dentchya love the car I give rabbit for he birthday , wink ? I love be generous - she grab wink 's hand . he smile at she . alex {to stephanie} you call he rabbit too ? 75 . stephanie ( hiss ) - I give tim that nickname . when he be little he have this buck tooth and big ear and he be so cute , wike a wittle wabbit - ( to jimny ) right , baby ? Jimmy turn red , turm back around . and leave . s8&. Jimmy , walk away from the trailer . fast . it 's almost dark . walk through the trailer park . get the fuck outta there . out toward the field . wink run out after he . catch up to he at the chain link fence . wink yo where ya goin ' , B - what 's the matter ? jimmy ograb wink & throw he up against the fence ) - I think I fuck tell you not to tell nobody I be live here ! wink you get nothin ' to be embarrassed about , B. and I do not think ya would mind if it be Al - Jimmy push wink harder up against the fence . wink - shit , yo . we be goin 's to my show a ' she say we hadda come get you . what be I suppose to do ? Jimmy 's so fuck angry it look like he 's gonna cry . . wink c'mon , Bunny . chill out . Al really like you , man - really . I be helpin' ‘er find a photographer for she book that 's all ~ a long beat . 76 . wink - do chedder Bob really sboot at that guy yesterday ? jimmy fuckit . Jimmy jet he go and turn around , headimg back to the trailer . wink follow after he . wink - I get some good news , yo . spoke to Lee darucher today . we can get into paisley Park on Monday if you can get you shit together in time - jiumy stop . jimmy this Monday ? wink ( smile ) yeah , dawg - you get four day . Jimmy soften . thinks . jimmy yeah - yeah , I can do that - Jimmy see Alex head they way . too late to rum . Alex walk up . look to wink . then jinuy . beat . aley everything okay ? Jimmy can not look at she . caught in a lie . so embarrassed . oimmy ( leok down ) yeah . eat ( uncomfortable ) do you hafta stay home tonight ? jimmy ( still stare at the ground ; die ) - yeah I should work on some song for my demo an’ shit . ( more} 77 . timmy ( cont would ) wink jus ' tell I we be goin ' to paisley Park on Monday , so - alex okay . jimmy ( finally look up at she ) yeah . okay . it 's awkward . beat. wink ( to Jimmy ) yo B - do not forget , tomorrow night we be all goin ' down to 96.3 , right ? jimmy yeah okay - the three of they stand there for a moment . beat . 59 . close on a pencil , scratch on a wall . word . Flying fast & furious . rhyme pour out about all the shit Jimmy see . Jimmy and lily be hang out in she little girl room . stuff animal . she 's draw . he 's a giant . both in they own world . he shake he right fist back & forth , in rhythm . and quickly scribbles some more shit on the wall above she bed , puke out he feeling . close on jimmy face , close he eye . we hear the song he 's work on . open he eye ... the trailer park be animated . back to the adventure of supexdimmy by &. crumb . he fly out the window , rapping the song , fly up over dirty Detroit , head for the shelter , the place where he cartoon kill . stomm into the club , see wink sit with alex . and somebody else ... it 's animated prince ! leadaz of tha free world be play on stage . papa doc , lc lyckety -splyt , E and the other two guy . when they see superjimmy enter they make a run for it ! superdimmy chase after they -- 78 . running through the club , lyckety - splyt qrab Alex hostage . papa Dec polis ont a animated gun and hold it to she head . wink cower . superjimmy stop . he 's still rapping the song . it 's. a standoff . superdismy make eye contact with Prince . they exchange smile . and Prince start sing along with he . a super duet . tha pree World can not help themselves . the sing 's too good . get into the beat . bounce . papa Doc lower the gun -- and superdimmy rush they . beating they all to the ground . Prince jump in and help out . they beat the shit out of tha free World . blood everywhere . and superdimmy grab Alex , rescue she . take she away . they fly out the door and into the dark alley . she can not keep hex hand off of he , kissing he . poll at he costume . he pull off she shirt and yank down she animated jeans and start fuck she up against the wall , super fast and super hard -- suddenly we hear someone shout out -- greg ( vo ) you be such a fuck loser ! 60 . close on jimmy , startle awake . back to rrality ( film ) . the next day . he 's under a blanket , on the ratty couch . greg and Stephanie be in the middle of a fight -- greg - just like rabbit be in high school . Jesus , the both of ya be , ya know - fuck - Jimmy sit up . jimmy yo do you just call I a loser ? greg laugh yeah , limp up to Jimmy show he the eviction papers . greg didjya know you mom 's gettin’ evict ? Stephanie follow after he , hold lily in she arm . jlmmy : ograb the papers from greg ) that 's none a you fuck business , greg - stephanie stay outta this , rabbit - ( put lily down ; to greg ) do not worry , baby - I be gonna take care a it - it 's gonna be okay - okay ? she go to hug he . he shove she away . hard . greg - you be so fuck stupid sometimes ! jimmy ojump eff the couch ) keep you fuck hand off my mom , asshole ! Jimmy jack greg up against the wall -- greg shove he away . greg get off I - Stephanie pull Jimmy away from greg . stephanie rabbit ! stop it ! beat . Jimmy look at he mom . he want to kill greg . jimmy ( to Stephanie ) how can you let he do that lo you ? stephanie ( plead with jinmy ) do not do this . please - greg - how the fuck can I go out with someone who 's homeless ? lily start to cry . jimmy {to Stephanie ) be you just gonna let ' im talk to you like that ? bo . stephanie stay out of it , rabbit - she go to calm lily down . greg - with two bomeless fuck kid . jimmy fflip he off} fuck you . I be outta here - 61 . grey sky . Storm cloud overhead . dimmy walk up to wink 's mother 's house . still wire . look inside the big picture window . wink 's pass out on the couch , the tv blaring . 62 . wink and Jimmy descend imto the basement . wink 's still half asleep . it 's dark down there . wink - it go good last night - that shit be sell out - but they be not as good as you , Bunny - jimmy - do Alex like it ? wink yeah . a 1lil ' bit , ya know - but she be kinda drunk so . where the fuck 's everybody else ? jimmy sol 's mom 's droppin’ ‘em all off a " shit on she way to work - wink turn on the light . the equipment 's stil ] all set up . wink even future ? jimmy yeah . why ? the doorbell ring . 81. wink . ~ ' Cause I hear he sign you up to battle this weekend . jimmy ( surprised ) what ? wink he 's killin 's you , yo . runnin 's you life a ' shit , B - you do not wanna be a loser you whole life workin’ at some Little caesar when you be like 40 , now - do you ? wink run back up the stair , leave Jimmy behind . start pace the room ... get more and more agitate . he see the photograph of wink & Prince on top of dj iz 's record . pick one up . hear the guy upstairs . SOL ( os ) where 's you mom , dawg ? wink ( os ) workin ' - wink lead sol , dj iz and future down the stair . Jimmy stuff the photograph into he front pocket . as soon as he see future , Jimmy speak up . jimmy ( angry ) - yo do you fuck sign I up to battle down at the shelter this weekend ? future what ? jimmy you hear I . do you sign I up - future walk down to the bottom of the stair . look at jimny . beat . future Jimmy , you gotta come down . you gotta come down . that 's the only way you go get over the other night , youknowhat imsayin ' ? a ' the winner take my place as host , yo - that 's instant respect - a 2 . Jimmy pick up one of the record and wing it at future -- he duck . it miss . Jimmy walk up in he face . I jimmy fuck the other night . I be fuckin ' tired of you always tellin ' I what to do , always thinkin ' you know what *s best for I . well fuck you . I tell you not to sign I up - puture you wanna fight I ? be that it ? Jimmy push hin . jimmy why not ? you be not the future a shit , bitch . you be just David fuckin ' porter - future look at he . turn and walk away . puture do whatever the fuck ya want , man - ( laugh ) - I do not give a shit about what you & Prince gonna do . future leave . the guy all just stand there . ! that be heavy . beat . sol shit . dw 12 what be we gonna do now ? wink I wanna go get high - jimmy oturn away } - no let 's do some fuckin* work . kick into high speed , as the guy start make music . we hear some song play over -- a3 . 63 . : high speed . write lyric back & forth fuck around in the make- shift basement studio bounce beat and hook and shit all off each other bob they head together get it right all perfectly choreograph like a dance or a symphony run faster & faster until they be all just a blur of non-stop music . suddenly wink jump in the middle of it all . put up he hand . stop. stop . stop -- jump to regular speed . the song end . jimmy what ? wink Al jus ' call from work , yo - she need a ride to this photographer I set ‘er up with . jimmy - do she want I to pick ‘er up ? wink I dunno . sol can we come ? 64 . it 's gonna rain soon . Jimmy and wink sit in the front seat of the car park at the hotel . chedder Bob 's ducking through the rear window , dress in he bellman 's uniform , rapping for sol & dj iz . he suck . wink lean over to Jimmy , who 's keep a eye out the window for Alex . fidgety . embarrass . wink you comin ' to 96.3 ? jimmy ( distract ) yeah - wink cool . but the radio dj be at the show last night a ' she invite papa Doc & lyckety - splyt up . so ya know they might be there . 4 . jimmy . nsee Alex leave the hotel ) puckit then - wink ( defensive ) yo there be nuthin ' I could do about it , B - before Jimmy can respond Alex walk up to the car , hold onto a garment bag . all the guy quiet down . chedder bob - gotta go , home . ya know ya can not leave old Earl all alone for long . chedder Bob hustle back to the hotel . wink pop out of the car , let Alex into the front seat . then sit right back down next to she . Jimmy throw he a look . it start to rain . 65 . rain spit . Jimmy , drive next to Alex and wink . he can not even look at she . do not know what to say . Music low . Alex light up a cigarette , excited . sol and dj iz lean in . she 's the center of attention -- alex - I see this model on a tv show and she be sayin ' that look alone do not mean anything if you do not have confidence and self -esteem . ya know like a confidence in yourself that you be you and everything . Jimmy finally look at she . and wink smile . wink yeah , Al . and this guy 's gonna help you do that . =lex ( to wink ; excited ) - yeah I just wish 1 have more time to ya know , -- it mean if I have know it be today I would not have go out drinkin ' last night ~ wink turn up the stereo , make sure it 's on 96.3 . as . wink : do not worry , yo . I be sure there will be make - up & hair people there . this be a professional photo shoot - sol lean forward , all smooth and shit . sol so how soon we gonna see this pictorial in a magazine , Alex ? DI iz pictorial be playboy , yo . in fashion it 's call a editorial , sol. sol shut up , iz . who give a fuck - jimmy ( yell at sol ; on edge ) it 's just for she book , fool - so she can get a job . SOL - damn . that 's one book I would read . Dog iz no doubt . Alex laugh . Jimmy 's still uncomfortable . jimmy ( to sol & du i2 } Alex win a modeling contest and this guy from Elite ask ‘er to come to New York City - alex it 's no big deal - SOL ( impressed ) you win a contest ? por Elite ? I hear a they . shit - that 's the big time , yo . who be the judge ? anybody famous ? wink ( point out the window ) hey it 's right over here , B - bg . 66 . . , still spitting rain . downtown Detroit , bleak industrial building . fog. lonely & blue . Alex crossing the street to a run-down warehouse , leave the guy behind in the car . Jimmy jump out and catch up to she . jimmy - be everything okay ? Alex do not stop walk . alex with what ? jimmy we - alex ( without skip a beat ; cold ) yeah . but I really gotta go - they walk together . oimmy you want I to come up - alex no that 's okay . jimmy - you sure everything 's okay ? alex I be justa little hungover from last night or whatever and ya know I be worried that I will not photograph good . this be really important to I - okay ? Jimmy stop . and she just keep walk up to the building . jimmy ( call out after she ) be I gonna see you later ? alex you goin ' to the radio station ? jimmy - no. 87 . alex : ( not listen } okay . I '11 see ya later then - maybe we can talk about goin ' to see Prince next week . he stand there , watch she go . and we hear a some kinda " remake of the who 's '' Love reign o'er me.* 67 . the sun die in the sky . Jimmy stand in the drizzle , out in the fog cover field next to the trailer park . headphone on . White out . you can not see any trash . it 's almost beautiful . otherworldly . and silent . all we hear be * Love reign oter I " in Jimmy 's head . Jimmy close he eye and scream . but we do not hear it , only the song . he scream loud and long . scream he fuck heart out . he open he eye and see a giant shape emerge from the fog ... it 's a horse . a big brown horse . Jimmy can not believe it 's real . the horse look at he , and then begin to graze in the field . another horse appear from the fog . and then another . and another . one of they have a blue blanket on , " detroit mounted police .* Jimmy stand there . with the horse , snort and pull up dead grass in the fog . Jimmy take off he headphone , sourd come mish in . the song fade away . he hear police siren off in the distance . Jimmy walk up to the big brown horse . it look back up at he . Jimmy 's now face to face with the horse . the horse go back to graze . Jimmy rub its head . the police siren get closer . darkness close in . Jimmy just keep patting the horse 's head . the song 's play . the siren wail . as . 66 . . , later . still wet and foggy . Jimmy walk up the trailer . see he mom pass out on the front step . he stop . the song end . he look at she for a moment . then put a arm under she , struggle to help she up to she foot . you can tell he 's do this before . stephanie ( come to ; mumble } greg leftme - jimmy what ? jinmy drag he mom inside . stephanie we be gonna goto bingo but , he come over a " say now that he have money he , that he could not be with someone likeme - es . Jimmy , put Stephanie down in she unmade bed . go to take off she wet shoe . she get back up . stephanie + I gottagoto bingo it 's Friday night . maybe he will be there - jimmy you be not goain ' nowhere , Mom - ( gently push she back down ) and you be better off without ' im . stephanie ( snap ) yeah ya know rabbit it 's you fault he leftme - Stephanie stumble out of bed . stephanie you ruin it , you fuckeditallup - that 's why greg really leave , it 's ' cause a you , a ' now what ? who 's gonna wantme ? where we gonna live ? we get not money . whataboutprince ? 89 . jimmy what ? stephanie you an' Prince . we can be rich - jimmy ( shake he head ; disgust ) why do everybody keep bringin’ up Prince all the fyuckin ' time - ya know ? ( beat ) ~ shit . puck he and fuck greg too . ste-hanie no no no . I do not haveanybody now , James . why didya do this to I ? why ? {pushes Jimmy out ) just getthefuckout ! jimmy it 's pour rain - stephanie ( scream ; push ) I don't care I want you out of my fucking house get out get out get out get out get out get out of my fucking house ! she keep push jinmy out the door . 70 . night . jiwmy , drive in the rain . a downpour . he turn on 96.3 . they be play wink 's song ... and it 's terrible . bad rhyme . weak voice . Jimmy stare at the radio . he shake he head . can not help but laugh to himself . future be right . dimmy shut off the radio . suddenly the car go black . cut off . the light . the steering wheel . the brake . it 's dead . again , the lincoln silently coast to the side of the road . stops. 390 . and jinumy just sit there . in the dark . jimmy fuck - 71 . Jimmy , walk down the dark side of the road . pour rain . empty neighborhood . pour rain . he walk up to wink 's mother 's house . soaking wet . pear voice . pour rain . take a quick look in the window before he head inside . see wink on top of some naked girl . Jimmy take a closer look . pour rain wherever he go . the naked girl roll on top of wink . it 's Alex . the girl be Alex . Alex . split screen : wink alex ( grab & kissing ( moan and writhe she ) on top of he ) Alex , yes Alex I want it all CUT split screen : oimmy jimmy nstare into the nstare into the sun ; drown ) sun ; drown ) CUT split screen : alex alex mmoan on top of ( moan on top of wink} wink} all of it all of it end split screen : cimmy ( stare into the sun ; drown ) gi . 72 . . dimmy , busting into wink 's mother 's house . enrage . surprise wink & Alex on the couch -- she scream , cover herself up . wink pull up he pants , get tangle up with Alex . wink yo , B - I can -- dimmy grab wink up off the couch , and slam he onte the ground . start hit he . all that rage . it be not a fight . it 's a beat . Alex stand on the couch , freaking out . alex leave he alone - stop it ! Jimmy pound wink . over . and over . and over again . it 's loud . Wild . and out of control . blood splatter on Jimmy 's shirt . Alex jump off the couch , scream , cry - tries pull Jimmy off of wink -- alex leave he alone ! dust fuckin ' get out ! get out ! get out ! Jimmy get up , out of breath . worked up . look at she . beat . beat . beat . be he gonna fuck hit she ? we hear control machete bang out ' Si senior . " and Jimmy take off . running away . 73 . jimny run down the dead street of wink 's mother 's neighborhood in the cold rain . we still hear the song pump -~ jump CUT : Jimmy run , croc -vs the street . almost get hit by a car , slamm on its brake . Jimmy just keep run -- jump CUT : running through another shitty neighborhocd -- ump CUT : 32. Jimmy run up to a plain old . house on a street call novaro . falling apart porch . light on inside . the song blast on the soundtrack . Jimmy knock on the door , scream . out of breath . oimmy janeane - fuckin 's janeane let I in - i'm fucking sorry - let I in , please let I in - he knock again . janeane crack open the door . janeane - what be you do here , rabbit ? beat - beat . jimmy ( catch he breath ) I dunno . I be runnin ' and , and this be just where I end up - and I be sorry , janeane - ( beat ) you be right and , I be really sorry . she look at he for a moment . and shut the door in he face . Jimmy just stand there . he put he hand in he pocket . cold . and wet . feel something in one of they . .- pull out the photograph of wink & Prince . and rip it up inte little piece . throw it in the air . Jimmy sit down on the porch step . gut of the rain . exhausted . the. song finish - 74 . later . Jimmy still sit on the porch . shiver . and cold . the rain 's let up . the white van pull over in front of the house . dent side . stereo booming , bass thumping . Bright light shine in Jimmy 's face . Jimmy just sit there . 93 . papa Doc , lc lyckety - splyt and the rest of tha free World jump out of the van . they all walk up toward the porch . papa Doc lead the way , he hat pull down over he eye . papa doc yo wassup , man . you ready to go down ? Jimmy get up . see Alex and wink get out of the van . wink 's a mess . Broken nose . all bloody and shit . Jimmy take a few step toward papa Doc . jimmy ( never take he eye vff Alex ) what ? papa and the rest of tha free World surround jimny . wink make he way over , blood all over he shirt . Alex stay near the van . papa doc you hear I . you ready to go ? before Jimmy can respond , E , the white guy , hit Jimmy in the back of the head . Jimmy fall onto he knee . lc lyckety-splyt c'mon , rabbit , get back up - get up , bitch - Jimmy get up , turn around and smashes E. then take a swing at lyckety - splyt -- papa Doc kick jinmy in the ball . Jimmy fall onto he knee again . papa hit he in the face . papa doc you like talkin ' shit ? huh ? you fuckin ' faggot ! you like it ? Jimmy fall to the ground . and then they be on he like animal . wink too . all six of ‘em . kick he . yelling at he . lc lyckety-splyt fuck you muthafucka ! papa doc yeah , faggot - Jimmy try to get back up . 94 . Alex just stand there watch . Silent . wink hhold he nose ; kick jinmy in the rib ) you be gonna fuck with wink , huh ? you do not know who you be fuck with ! you fuck loser - the light inside the house go off . it 's now almost pitch black . the front lawn light up only by the van 's highbeam . Jimmy try to get up again . drops. falling . give up . the ground . soing down . letting go . falling , fall . 75 . the sun rise . the raint stop . it 's a new day . the next morning . Light . Jimmy limp up to the trailer park . his eye black . his body beat . instead of run past the entrance like he always do , Jimmy just walk right in through the front gate . at the busy intersection . por the whole fuck world to see . 76 . djinmy limp into the trailer . he look like shit . bloody shirt . hurt rib . face a mess . Stephanie be in the kitchen , pour milk for lily 's cereal . they both look up at he . horrify . and run to he . stephanie ohmygod - lily Jimmy ! lily grab he around the waist . Stephanie hug he , smother he . 95 . timmy . 'wince in pain ) - basy , easy , I be okay . I be a'ight . I just come by to pick up my stuff a ' shit like you want - stephanie ohmygod - what happen to you ? jimmy I feel - stephanie what happen ? 2 mmy ( stronger ) I fall . Stephanie look at he . he fall . stephanie okay . okay . siddown . I '1 ) make ya some breakfast - jimmy what ? stephanie I be makin ' breakfast - Jimmy gocs to the sink to wash up , clean off the blood . lily do not leave he side . jimmy ( to Stephanie ) what 's get into you ? I think you want I out . stephanie - do you want some goddamn cereal or not ? she hold up the milk . jimmy why the fuck're you in such a good mood ? stephanie I go to bingo last night - jimmy shit - 96 . stephanie and I win . $ 3200 ! jimmy you be fuck kiddin ' I - stephanie ( try not to smile ; can not help it ) nope . we be good - no eviction . Jimmy look at she . and bust out laugh . laugh . laugh so hard he 's almost cry . tt . later . Jimmy , make he way through a crowded bus . there 's one empty seat between two older black woman . Jimmy sit down between they . he just sit there look off , stick between the two woman . we be sampling the ° 5:15 * scene from * quadrophenia .* Jimmy 's weary . and in pain . Riding the bus . no fantasy . no music . no love . dust reality . sitting on the bus . leok straight ahead . 7&8. the hotel 's basement locker room . jiwny take off he shirt , get ready for work . purple black & blue cover he body . bruise rib . chedder Bob 's stand next to he , change out of he uniform . done for the day . chedder bob ( stare at Jimmy 's bruise ) - ya know that fuckin ' bitch do not show up cor work , rabbit . I bet shef gonna get fuckin ' fire . Jimmy do not respond . chedder bob and didya hear old Earl strangle some guest yesterday ? jimmy what - 97 . chedder bob he try to kill some dude who keep snappin ' he finger at ' im - chedder Bob try to get a closer look at Jimmy 's rib . jimmy ( push he away ) fuck off , chedder Bob - chedder bob c'mon , home - mc bob. ( point to Jimmy 's black eye , bruise body ) and that 's some fuck up shit right there , rabbit . you shoulda just come by my house . I 'da grab my gun and - [ mime shoot off a go in each hand ) bam ! bam ! bam ! shoot that Alex bitch right in the fuckin ' stomach , yo - just like tha free World get it . Jimmy ignore he , start put on he uniform . chedder bob - ya know there 's a battle tonight , rabbit . a big one . jimmy yeah . chedder bob I also hear you get into a fight with future . . jimmy yeah . he finish get dress . chedder bob you gonna yu down there anyway or whatever ? Jimmy glance at himself in the locker room mirror . see he black eye . jimmy - yeah . nlook back at chedder bob} what the fuck . oa . 73. close on jimmy the bellman , work the front with Paul . he lock over to the tea girl serve . Alex be not there . classical music play in the background . Alex be not there . fuckit . Jimmy turn back and open the door for some guest , force a smile . welcome they to the hotel . Mr. springer walk up . mr . springer - can I talk the you , Mr. Smith ? go . Mr. springer 's cramped basement office . jdinmy wince when he sit down . mr . springer be everything okay , Mr. Smith ? jimmy yeah . JI just fall down some stair an’ shit - Mr. springer stare at he . beat . mr. springer well , you have be on time all week . jimmy ~ yeah ? ( laugh ) what can I tell ya , it 's be one helluva long week , Mr. springer - mr. springer ( smile ) I do not know if you hear but , there be a , a incident with Earl - jimmy yeah . do he really try a ' kill somebody for snap they finger at ‘im ? beat . . mr. springer - do you really wanna be do this for the rest of you life , Mr. Smith ? 99 . jimmy : not really . but I need the money - mr . springer okay then . you can have Karl 's shift . you have earn it - Jimmy nod he head yes . hide a smile . mr . springer good . I need you to work tonight . jimmy tanight ? the puone ring . we hear curtis mayfield & lauryn hill sing " here but I be gone on the soundtrack . mr . springer do you want the extra shift or not , Mr. Smith ? el . later . Jimmy 's leave a room on the 7th floor with the luggage cart , stuff some money into he pocket . the guest close the door behind he . we still hear curtis & lauryn . Jimmy walk down the hall ... pass by room 722 . the room he fuck Alex in . the door 's open . Jimmy stop . take a peek inside . the may be clean the bathroom , just out of sight . the closet door be all open . empty . 82 . close on jimmy , riding the elevator . go down . the song play on . 83. Jimmy walk outside of the hotel . out into the cold night . Paul 's lean against the wall wait for a ride , check up & down the street , smoking a cigarette . the song end . jimmy - Big plan tonight ? 100 . paul just goin ' dance with some friend . but they be late - why be you still here ? jimmy I be pickin ' up Earl 's shift - paul ( laugh ) crazy what happen , huh ? Paul snap he finger . Jimmy laugh , stand there for a moment . you can see they breath white in the cold . Paul offer he a drag off he cigarette . Jimmy take it . smoke . jimmy - yo Paul - you ever get tired of takin ' shit from everybody , people always tryin ' to label you ? hand the cigarette back to Paul . paul Nah . I do not give a shit what anybody say . ( beat ) except for chedder Bob . that guy drive I nut - jimmy ( laugh ) yeah . I too - beat . paul - be you in a fight or something ? jimmy yeah . this six fuck guy jump I . kicked my ass , whatever . paul that 's furte . you gonna get ‘em back ? jimmy shit yeah . but they down at the shelter tonight and I wanna battle ‘em first , ya know - rip that motherfucker from head co coe - 101 . Paul finish he cigarette .. flick it away . paul hey if ya want , I will cover for ya . jimmy really ? paul yeah . lucky for you , my friend be late , so - beat . jimmy ( .00 ks at Paul ; smiles} > thanks , man . just for a couple hour , yo - I ' 11 come right back . ba. Jimmy hustle down the street to the shelter . back in he own clothes . out of breath . in pain . there 's a mob scene out front wait to get in . twice the size of the last crowd . he pass by sol , dj iz and chedder Bob , who 's drink from a brown paper bag . chedder bob ( see he ; call out ) yo rabbit - wait up ! Jimmy do not stop . keeps on move , head down the dark alley next to the club . the other guy follow after he . SOL damn , B ~- we go fuck up wink or what ? I hear he 's sayin ' you blow up ' cause they do not want you down at paisley Park - dd 12 {to sol ) - but all we shit 's still at wink 's house , yo . if we have we own studio we would not need Prince and -- SOL dust shutthefuckup , iz. 162 . chedder bob do not worry , rabbit - I get you back , I know the real reason you blow up , right ? aimmy ( snap ) ~ I do not wanna hear any more a that shit ! ssol . yo what 's the matter , rabbit ? they be at the back door . Jimmy stop . look at he friend . jimmy - can not I ever get any fuckin ' privacy ? SOL yeah . cool - chedder bob yeah . can I come ? jimmy ( look at chedder Bob for a moment ; smile ) - sure , " mc " bob. as . Jimmy , sit backstage on a cheap fold - chair dissin ' chedder Bob . practice he freestyle . make fun of he . people come & go al ] around they in the small backstage area . Jimmy 's flow . chedder Bob just sit there drink , take it . love it . see how Jimmy rhyme . he take a break . chedder bob {dnumk ) - ya know I love you , rabbit . jimmy yo , stop . JI do not wanna hear that . chedder bob hey whaddaya want for you birthday ? papa Doc , lc lyckety - splyt , E and the other two guy from tha pree World walk backstage . they stop when they see Jimmy and chedder Bob . . 103 . chedder Bob jump to he foot . Jimmy do not . he just sit there . cool . lc lyckety -splyt looky who it be - you really go try a ' battle we , black eye bitch ? you should be afraid , very afraid - Jimmy nod he heed , smile a little . like a quy who know something . do not say shit . lc lyckety-splyt do not you already die out there on stage ? ( open he mouth & nothing come out ; choke ) - do not he , e? look dead to I . E get a black eye . papa doc yo , some guy jus ' like gettin ' they ass kick - right , rabbit ? jimmy ( still sit down ) - yeah that 's why it take six a you motherfucker . what kinda pussy shit be that ? chedder bob yeah . and how 's you car ? the future come backstage . papa Doc just walk away . papa doc ( laugh at jimny ) we will see you on stage , faggot - the rest of tha free World follow after he . future look at Jimmy 's face . shake he head . jimmy ( to future ) - I gotta get some fuckin’ privacy . 86 . Jimmy and future hang in the desolate bathroom . back where we start . 104 . under the harsh green fluorescent light . future - you know I do not like that mithafucka wink from jump , yo . Fucking backstabber . that juda ' ) 1l get he , youknowhat imsayin 's - jimmy yeah . a ' I be sorry about all that shit I say before . you know I do not mean it - I just , -- ya know - future yeah . I know . I do not even trip , yo . I be ali about forgiveness now . let 's go fuck tem up - jimmy fuckit . I be gonna battle tem first - future ( smile ) - we go flip the script on this shit for real now , Jimmy - be not we ? Jimmy nod he head . he know what time it be . he slip on he headphone , bounce up '' down to the music . bounce - bounce . bounce . bounce . bounce . puture ( light a cigarette ) + yo you get lyckety - splyt in the first round . you okay wit ' that ? bounce . jimmy - I do not give a fuck who it be . ya know ? 87 . Jimmy walk on stage . under the toxic glare of the light . people crowded along the edge . the dj spinnin ' . the big scoreboard clock on the wall set at 60 . lc lyckety - splyt 's already there , stand next to puture . shit-eate grin on he skinny little face . a , 105 . we see the crowd from Jimmy 's point of view . it 's a mob scene . rowdy . overflow . electric . people get ready . Jimmy see Alex hang out with wink ( white bandage over he nose ) , papa Doc and the other two free World black guy . everybody look at he . future smile Jimmy 's way and introduce lyckety - splyt . he 's go first . the dj lay down a beat . and lc lyckety - splyt 's all over Jimmy . freesty ' about -- 1 . Jimmy 's failure in the last battle . 2 . Jimmy be white . 3 . Jimmy 's black eye . Jimmy just bob he head to the beat , look down , not reacting to a thing lyckety - splyt spit . the clock tick down to 0 . the crowd shout . lyckety - splyt laugh . it 's now Jimmy 's turn . all the light be on he . blind . the future hand he the mic . some people start boo . yell shit at he . boo Jimmy . Jimmy bounce , collect he thovght , tuning out the world . not hearing it . this be it . it 's just he . the beat . beat . and Jimmy just go off -- all the anger povwre out of every mscle in he body . into this moment . forgetting about he pain . Jimmy 's spitting fire . right up in lyckety - splyt 's face . ripping into he . destroy he . cut he . if word could kill . he 's so good . jiomy finish . beat . and the crowd go fuck crazy . much louder than they be for lc lyckety - splyt . vocal . approve . scream . Jimmy win the round ! the future laugh . 106 . and Jimmy just walk off stage , pass by the Big bad dude from the beginning of the movie . ' they pound fist . the gude know who he be now . bs . Jimmy make he way through the noise and the crush , head toward the bathroom . he see Alex still with wink , papa Doc and the other guy . Jimmy and Alex make eye contact through all the body in traffic . beat . a moment . she smile at he , awkwur2 . and give he the finger . flirt . jimny just laugh at she . put on he headphone . and walk away . close on jimmy , walk away . laugh . never look back . holding he head up , black eye and all . 85 . later . Jimmy , battle E on stage . in a zone . fast. plow . clear & strong . touch a higher self . time up . the crowd fuck love it . re exchange pound with future , who take the mic and hand it to E. E 's up . start freestyle -- and Jimmy sit down on the stage . close on jimmy , just sit there . quiet . look out at all the people . ignoring B 's rap . not hearing it . not listen . not caring . we stay on Jimmy the whole time . E finish . scatter applause . Jimmy win again . Jimmy get up , walk off . sol , dj iz and chedder Bob greet he at the edge of the stage . they all gather around he . 107 . puture run up . future - you be a fuck genius , man . you in the final , Jim . you an' papa doc. yessir , it 's a fuck bless , youhearwhat imsayin ' ? sol you be gonna whoop that niggat ass - DI iz he be not get no vocabulary . dimmy nod he head , game face on . chedder bob {still drank ) ~ you worried about what he 's gonna say , rabbit ? jimmy what ? chedder bob like about wink & that Alex bitch gettin’ it on ya know - and ya know you not goin ' to paisley Park and they beatin ' you up and ya know givin 's you a black eye and shit - beat . Jimmy do not respond . future ( push chedder bob} yo - shutthefuckup , fool ! 30 . the final . the crowd 's in a frenzy . Jimmy versus . papa doc. both of they on stage - neither one look at the other . the showdown . this be it . future hype the c.ampionship . future give it up y’all - the championship round , for the right to take my place as host on all the open mic battle . that 's the sweetest part about it , youknowhat imsayin ' ? th , 108 - close on jimmy , head already down . stare at the floor . lose in he own world . total concentration on he face . he hear puture finish . Jimmy lock back up . people scream . shout . ready for blood . and future introduce he . Jimmy 's up first . the dj lay down the beat ... and Jimmy pause . he stare at papa doc. Long . and hard - suddenly a smile come to Jimmy 's face . a shine sun . beat . and jimny freestyle about himself , from he side -- 1 . about not go to paisley Park - how it 's not real . 2 . about get he ass kick - by 6 guy . 3 . about wink fuck Alex - and how she blow he in a closet . about all the bullshit . make fun of it all . take away all of papa Doc 's material . and turn it back on himself . he 's a genius . letting everybody know he just do not give a fuck . abouk anything . he 's find he true voice . he kill . finishes . jimmy ( yell out at the audience , give they all the finger ) fuck you - you dunno who I be ? I know who I be - the crowd go nut . bounce off the wall . High -five and scream joy . Ali bear again . future can not stop laugh . he hand the mic to papa Doc . papa Doc just stanis there . the beat go on . the crowd still wild over Jimmy . and papa Doc just stand there . stare out at the crowd . freezes . he 's get nothing . he know he 's already beat . 109 . it 's over . 91 . the light come up . night over . Jimmy and he friend walk through the crowd . they be jump up & down al ] around he , so excited . shout he name out loud , laugh , bark , *b-rabbit ! b-rabbit ! r-rabbiti '' everybody else reach out want to congratulate jimny , tell he how good he be , loving he , bask in he glow . Jimmy just keep walk out . not get catch up in it all . 92 , the crowd flow out of the club . hanging outside . freeze . buzz . Jimmy and he crew make they way through all the people . chedder bob yo where we head , rabbit ? dj iz you on you way , boy - SOL gomna get that big deal now fa sho - chedder bob yeah . fuck wink. fuck Prince . fuck tha free World . ru486 be the fucking shit ! Jimmy head off , leave the crowd and the club behind . the guy follow . jtmmy I gotta get back to work , yo - sol ( laugh ) c'mon , dawg . I tell that girl from the laundromat who be not that good lookin ' we would meet up with she later - I need a second opinion , yo - chedder bob ( excited ) yeah . we gonna get all the hot bitch now you win , rabbit ! 120 . x cool that , cool that . that be some alien shit ya do back there , man - youknowhat imsayin ' ? DI iz no doubt , no doubt , he 's the new host - jimmy ( keep walk ) puckit . ( to chedder Bob ) . mc Bob , you can be the new host . ' I be late for work , yo . I will see you t guy tomorrow - the guy stop . do not know what to say . , Jimmy just keep walk down the street into the winter night . beat . future run after he . catch up . puture - you okay , Jimmy ? jimmy yeah - I be just do wit ' all the bullshit , ya know what I be sayin ' ? future - yeah . I think I do . Jimmy and future walk down the street together : jimmy -~ ¥o fuche , you ever see a horse before ? . puture you mean like the four legge kind ? jimmy yeah - future why ? beat . 7 jimmy for fuckit , man - I gotta run . 121. Jimmy say goodbye to the future , apd take off run down the street . on he own . away from he friend . away from the crowd . away from the club . running by himself down the dirty street of Detroit . head in the opposite direction of everybody else . sweet wind lick he face . cold breath slip he mouth . we hear we close credit song . and the scene being to aninate . but this time he be not a superhero fly up in the sky . this time he 's just plain Jimmy . running . a little smile come to Jimmy 's face . he run , foot solid on the ground . faster . lighter . free . he run , jimny run .