" 84 charlie mopic " screenplay by Patrick sheane Duncan shoot draft lieutenant drewry -- EL tee Bright green , brand new issue tropical fatigue , boot , m - 16 , and .45 pistol . just out of Officer candidate School . crewcut , clean face , ambitious and full of the wrong idea . 24 year old . sergeant o'donigan -- od well - fade tiger fatigue , scuff boot , a lot of trail behind he . a black man from a large family , take care of he team . carry a car - 15 , carbine model of the m - 16 , and a model 70 Winchester bolt action sniper rifle with scope , both with long black muzzle flash suppressor . a natural leader . a intensely serious man on the job , he rare smile dazzle . od be 21 . spec /5 -- cracker spot camouflage fatigue , wear and fade . he never tan , just get red . trace of a Southern accent and a old man' eye . defer to od . carry a 12 - gauge riot shotgun with bandolier , and a m - 14 sniper rifle with scope and flash suppressor . dry wit , like to watch the interplay between the other and wait for he open . he be 24 , but look older . spec / 4 baldwin -- pretty boy handsome , all - american , clean cut , easy go , he keep the peace between easy and Hammer . his tiger fatigue look tailore . carry a m-79 grenade launcher with two bandolier of grenade . Quick to smile , easy 's best friend and audience . pretty Boy be 20 . spec /4 thorpe -- hammer short , stocky , fu manchu mustache , too -small tiger fatigue accented with black t-shirt and black leather glove with the finger cut off . swagger macho style , carry he m- 60 machine gun like he 's see too many John Wayne movie . half immature teenager , half warrior , he be jealous of the affection show toward easy . he be 19 . private easely -- easy skinny , homely , he tiger fatigue look baggy . he carry the prc - 25 radio and m - 1 carbine . walk with a bounce , even in the jungle , and talk like a urban , rock and roll speed freak . take nothing seriously , least of all himself . love pretty Boy , admire od , tease Hammer because he 's a easy target . he 's be in the war too long and he be now get scared . easy be 21 . vietnam - the Central highlands - 1968 the camera start and focus on the ground where the word -- -- have be scratch . a m - 16 bayonet be jabbe into the ground next to the letter . the lettering go fuzzy then sharp , fuzzy then sharp , as the cameraman focus . a hand reach in and pull the bayonet out of the ground . the camera pull back and focus on lieutenant drewry . he sheath the bayonet and turn on the tape recorder that be next to he rucksack . he fiddle with the dial and look at the camera . sound on . drewry ... turn this thing on ? how do you tell if it 's work ? outstanding . they stand outside a large tent with a sign in front of it -- " S - 2 / S - 3 " . a soldier whitewash a line of rock that form a square in front of the tent . further away a soldier casually guard four vietnamese who be fill sandbag . Music play in one of the tent . the camera catch everything , include the rise of ground in front of the tent , the helicopter pad . drewry finish a cigarette as he try to tighten the strap on he pack . the camera dwell on drewry as he put out the cigarette on the heel of one shiny new boot , field strip the butt and scatter the tobacco , ball up the paper and pocket it and the filter . he be nervous . he stand and face the camera , adjust he gig line and try to look serious . drewry ah ... drewry , Richard B. , first Lieutenant ... headquarters and headquarters company , 173rd airborne Brigade ... Vietnam . ( beat ) Lessons learned Project , daspo . he pause a moment and think . cameraman ( o.s. ) Mission . drewry reconnaissance mission , Central highlands . we goal be to record procedure peculiar to this combat situation . uh ... the flutter of a distant helicopter be hear . it get louder . drewry look into the sky and find the helicopter . drewry that must be ours . the camera find the helicopter , a huey . it descend toward the pad where a soldier help it land , use hand signal . the blade kick up a huge cloud of dust . through the dust walk the team with od in the lead . pack on they back , weapon in hand . the huey engine idle , the whoop - whoosh of the blade a slow , steady beat . od halt the team and easy goose hammer with he thumb . Hammer just grin . hammer damn , easy , you get a cold nose . drewry walk over to the team . drewry which one of you be sergeant o'donigan ? od yo , sir . the man play for the camera . easy crank up a middle finger . pretty Boy wave , " hi , Mom " . Hammer pretend to jack off . cracker gurn . od try to ignore the camera , but he be wary . drewry glad to be work with you , sergeant . I be you new Officer in charge . Major nolin have brief I on the mission . we be prepare to move out . od look at drewry in surprise . he look at the cameraman , then back to drewry . the team be stunne . od we will see about that . angrily he drop he pack and weapon and stride into the S - 2 tent . nonpluss , drewry hesitates , then follow . the rest of the team look at the cameraman . easy tv news ? cameraman ( o.s. ) Army . how about a roll call ? easy easely , private E - 2 ! soon to be promote to pfc ... private Fucking civilian ! 27 day and a wake up ! I be short , sir ! hammer / pretty boy / cracker how short be you ? easy I be so short I can parachute off a dime , sir ! easy give a half - ass salute . the camera focus on pretty Boy . pretty boy spec 4 baldwin , San bernardino , California . he straighten he hair and just stand there . cameraman ( o.s. ) do not look at I , look at the camera . ( beat ) say something . pretty boy something . easy grab the microphone from the cameraman . easy testes , testes , one , two . hammer " jingle bell , mortar shell ... hammer / easy ... VC in the grass ... team ... you can take you merry Christmas and stick it up you ... they all laugh . the camera move in on Hammer . he step forward , at stiff attention . hammer thorpe , William . specialist 4th class . US 16-848-107 . Machine gunner . easy what a lifer . hammer put a liplock on my love muscle , easy . easy let I fuck you in the ear so you can hear I come . cracker I think they be in love . easy we be , we be engage . easy leap on Hammer and stick he tongue in he ear . hammer that 's disgusting , man . easy try to kiss Hammer . pretty Boy , and cracker join the pile up on Hammer . they roll in the dirt . the cameraman singles out cracker , who be a little worried . cameraman ( o.s. ) you want to sound off ? cracker uh , right . spec 5 frye , weapon specialist . I be hare - lipped , hump - back and half crazy . not responsible for my own action . Hammer stand behind cracker and give he horn . easy put a wet finger in he ear , and pretty Boy raise a clench fist between cracker 's leg . cracker ignore they . od and drewry walk out of the tent accompany by Major nolin . od be look grim . drewry salute nolin . od ( to team ) let 's get we shit together . we get a mission . the team grab they gear and walk toward the helicopter . easy take off he soft cap and put on he steel helmet . the cameraman move in on od . cameraman ( o.s. ) how about you name and rank ? do not look at I , look at the camera . od I be not talk to the camera , I be tell you . get that thing out of my face . od shoulder he gear . cracker hand he he weapon and look at od with a question in he eye . od shake he head . the team board the huey easily , they have do it a thousand time , a casual ride in the country . drewry and the cameraman wait to board last . drewry look at od . od glare at he . the cameraman be help in and he catch a shot of the S - 2 tent . Major nolin watch the chopper . the engine revs and the huey lift . black . sound off . stock footage -- Vietnam countryside from the helicopter p.o.v. , pass over a fire base . camera on . Hammer try to talk with the door gunner . easy blow into he thumb , inflate he middle finger . pretty Boy sleep . the camera focus on easy , who look nervous , but try to cover it . the camera turn and catch a view of the jungle below . Rice paddy , peasant work , water buffalo . stock footage -- the Central highlands , mountain , triple canopy jungle . black . the camera start as the helicopter hit the ground . sound on . cracker and Hammer drop first and wait for the rest of the man to clear the helicopter . the wind from the helicopter blade beat the brush with hard rhythm . the man run through the brush , od in the lead , follow by pretty Boy , easy , drewry and the cameraman . the sound of the helicopter fade as it fly away off screen . drewry 's rucksack and harness rattle and clatter , flopping loosely on he back , strap fly . the cameraman turn and kneel to capture cracker and Hammer pull up the rear . they run past he . the cameraman get to he foot and follow . cracker stop for a second and grab the cameraman by the shoulder and shove he ahead . cracker move you ass , troop . the cameraman run on . branch whip at the lens as it break through the dense brush . sometimes the branch obliterate the picture completely for a second . the cameraman lose sight of Hammer and he try to catch up . the cameraman suddenly reach Hammer and the other stop behind some brush at the edge of a clear ten to fifteen meter across . od cross the clear , run in a low crouch . easy be on the alert , watch intently as od disappear into the brush on the other side of the clear . cracker and Hammer watch the flank , pretty Boy the rear . drewry sit on the ground huffing and puffing . he 's not use to this . drewry how long ... we gotta ... run ? pretty boy this be indian country , sir . dime to a dollar , Chuck see or hear that chopper . he do not figure the pilot stop to take a piss . best to put some klick between the lz and we . can you dig it ? pretty Boy do not look at drewry , he watch the jungle behind they . od come into sight on the other side of the clear , he fist pump in the air . easy clear . easy run across the clear . he make it safely . Hammer go next . pretty Boy hit the top of drewry 's helmet . pretty boy Quick , like a bunny fuck . drewry take a deep breath and run across the clear . pretty Boy follow . cracker cover the rear . cracker ( to cameraman ) you turn in the barrel . go . the cameraman run across the clear . the team be cluster together , each man face a different direction , alert . drewry adjust he pack strap . the cameraman turn and catch cracker crossing the clear , then he try to focus on the entire team . they be go . all the cameraman catch be pretty Boy 's back disappear into the jungle . the cameraman run after they . he trip and almost fall , but run on . branch blind he lens . more busting brush , just keep pretty Boy 's back in sight . the camera explode into a small circular clear , a open pocket in the jungle growth . drewry have fall into a sweaty heap . Hammer and pretty Boy stand on alert . easy and od crouch together . easy be on the radio . easy Stone hombre , this be outrider . down and happy . say again , down and happy . sit rep Alpha oscar kilo . over . radioman ( filter ) outrider , Stone hombre . we read you lima Charlie . down and happy . Sierra Romeo check Alpha oscar kilo . over . easy outrider , out . the cameraman sit . od look at the cameraman and drewry in disgust . od you ever hear of noise discipline ? easy , get this fng 's shit together . od open he map . cracker join he . easy pretty Boy , duct tape . easy walk over to the cameraman . pretty Boy toss he a roll of olive green duct tape and walk over to drewry . easy od say you shit 's flaky , you shit 's flaky . ( laugh quietly ) you two be noisier than two skeleton fuck on a tin roof ... pretty boy ... use a soup can for a rubber . cracker make more noise than a chinese gang bang . hammer noisier than a baby in a blender . easy no sweat , GI , we will just square away this load - bear equipment . pretty Boy get another roll of olive drab duct tape from he pack and begin to tape down and tighten the loose strap on drewry 's pack . drewry help where he can . in the background , od and cracker consult the map and they compass . drewry I do not have time to do this myself . I just report in and they say I be go out into the field . barely have time to go to quartermaster and get my issue and weapon . cracker you never be on line , sir ? drewry no . easy I can not believe they give we a El tee , but , shit , a cherry El tee . hammer just what we need , a fng . no offense , sir . drewry fng ? cracker Fucking New guy , sir . drewry have two grenade hook to he harness suspender . pretty Boy unhook they and put they into a pouch . pretty boy a vine or branch could pull the pin . never " John Wayne " you grenade , sir . easy yeah , the last thing you want to do be blow yourself away , El tee . a chest wound be nature 's way of say you fuck up . drewry what I hear , they have a man assign to you from one of the line unit , but he chopper crash . so they grab I . od look at drewry and shake he head . pretty Boy unclip one of drewry 's dog tag and hook it behind he boot lace . pretty boy just in case you get separate . easy how long you be in - country , fresh meat ? cameraman ( o.s. ) 48 day down , 308 to go . drewry 26 day . you ? easy oh , El tee , you be so new you be not be bear yet . I , I be short . pretty boy ( to easy ) how short be you ? easy I be so short you have to dig a hole to kick my ass . ( to cameraman ) what 's you mos ? cameraman ( o.s. ) 84 Charlie mopic . easy no shit ? 84 Charlie . gotta be better and 11 bravo . mopic ? what 's that stand for ? like motown ? pretty boy maybe mopower . hammer or mofucker . cameraman ( o.s. ) motion picture . easy tape the cameraman 's film can together so they will not rattle . easy damn , Breeze . must be a nice get over job . cameraman ( o.s. ) I use to handle " grip and grin " , award ceremony , change of command , stuff like that ... Hammer start to smile at the cameraman , but he suddenly hear something and freeze . everyone but drewry and the cameraman also freeze . Hammer be at the center , tense , brace to fire , machine gun at the ready . easy slowly , noiselessly pick up he m - 1 carbine and ease the safety off . pretty Boy look around the brush . od creep over to Hammer . cracker be scan the jungle on the other flank . drewry what ...? od 's car be instantly at drewry 's forehead . they eye meet . od be hard , warning he to be quiet . drewry look at the camera , then away , embarrassed . od watch Hammer . easy watch od . cracker and pretty Boy scan the jungle . Hammer relax and grin foolishly . hammer fuck -you-lizard . everyone relax . od let 's saddle up . everyone get ready to move out . drewry glare at od , anger take the place of he initial fear . cracker walk over to the cameraman . cracker do not ever get behind I . I pull the rear . ( beat ) you do not want to be leave alone out here . hammer Roger that shit . the cameraman lower the camera to pick up he pack . black . sound off . sound on . drewry ( o.s. ) I want this on the record . camera on . the team be stop , gun outboard . od be get a compass read . drewry walk over to od follow by the cameraman . drewry I will not let anything like that happen again . you point a gun at I again and I will have you up in front of a court martial . od dig this , Lieutenant , we be not in the rear no more . in order to have a court martial you need more than one officer . I do not see anyone with brass , but you . out here the bush be the boss . the team remain on guard , but take in every word of the confrontation . drewry I be not walk in here off the street . I have have infantry training . od that stateside mickey mouse shit do not cut it here , sir . this be Charlie 's game , he rule . we learn how to play it , that 's why we be out here . drewry and that 's why I be here . ( indicate camera ) and why he 's here . to take back some of that training . ( beat ) I be ready to learn , but not at gunpoint . od pause . drewry have make a peace offer . od all right . pay attention , El tee , we will teach you . but we do not grade on a curve , it 's pass or fail . I have to point my gun at you again I will pull the fuck trigger . od start off into the jungle . drewry hit the nagra switch viciously . sound off . drewry follow the team . black . sound on . easy ( o.s. ) you do not want to hump all this c's , mopic . we will lighten you up . camera on . easy be rummage through the cameraman 's pack . pretty Boy be prepare food . Hammer be lean against a tree , wary and on guard . od and cracker be not to be see , just they rifle against a tree . the team be stop on a slope halfway up a hillside . drewry ( to camera ) catch the food preparation . ( to the team ) show the camera everything you do , how you do it . daspo want all the film it can get . easy hold up a can from the cameraman 's pack . easy lookit this , ham and lima . number ten , GI . mopic , why you humping ham and motherfucker ? you do not like them , do you ? even God do not like ham and motherfucker . drewry dig through he pack and take out some ration . pretty boy Lessons learned , sheeit . drewry what do you man know about you mission ? hammer ( shrugging ) same old shit . find Charlie , get S - 2 they intell , shoot some gook , put the rest in a world of hurt . easy Ham and motherfucker . look like cow eat it and toss they cookie . easy start fix he own meal by open a small can of white bread and another of jam . drewry same old shit ? you people do not have much respect for rank or you mission . hammer do not get froggy , El tee. ( beat ) you still piss at od ? pretty Boy giggle . easy slice the bread lengthwise , put jam on both halve , water on the top and heat it over a fire he 's make from a white , clay - like substance . easy ( to cameraman ) C - 4 , plastic explosive . drewry he put a gun to my head and threaten to kill I . I do not forget that kind of shit . easy make himself a cup of hot chocolate use two pack . pretty Boy fix pre-sweetened Kool - Aid . they both heat can ration over they own fire . pretty boy you do not fuck with od , he 's a walk razor blade . you only take a run at he if you be think about suicide . one tough dude . drewry eat he food cold . pretty Boy feed he fire with more piece of C - 4 . easy he think you will get in we way . easy eat he food and prepare more . hammer od 's so tough he eat the booger out of a dead man 's nose . pretty boy you be a gross fucker . easy od 's a righteous dude . he be just tell you to be quiet . like " sshh " . hammer Gross ? you hear I rapping about can cow vomit ? od pull a lot of slack for we . we be all brother . pretty Boy finish eat and take Hammer 's place on guard . Hammer crouch over the fire and fix food for two . easy Fucking " a " . pretty boy family . hammer there it be . they slap palm . drewry look around and shake he head . drewry Hell , you guy act like this be a picnic in the park . pretty boy man 's get to eat , sir . you catch you peck when you can . never know when you can not . easy ai not no big thing , sir . easy repack the cameraman 's pack . hammer there it be . easy hold up a ziploc bag of grass toward the camera . easy ( to cameraman ) I better hold this for you . od 's death on the dew . hammer " hold this for you " ? do not try to shit I , easy . easy I would not shit you , Hammer , you be my favorite turd . there be some real antagonism between Hammer and easy that underly the joke . drewry be uncomfortable . drewry ( to easy ) if you be RTO , why do you have that carbine ? I think sop for a radioman be only a .45 . easy shit , El tee , everybody need a gook shooter . cracker ( o.s. ) only trouble be , easy can not shoot as straight as I can piss . easy look up . cracker and od have reappear as if from nowhere . easy hey , od , chow 's still hot . easy go back over to he fire . hammer cracker . cracker walk over to Hammer and take some of the food . od spot the plastic bag of grass stick out of easy 's pocket and he pull it out . od we do not do dew when we do business , right , easy ? you try to get I kill ? easy aw , Breeze ... ( quickly ) be wait on you . food 's on the table and get cold , Ward . od so sorry , June . have the beaver be act up again ? they laugh . od empty the bag of grass on the ground . easy aww , fuck . I be come back here in six month to harvest . drewry pull a pack of cigarettes from he pocket . before he can get one out of the pack cracker grab they out of he hand , dig a hole in the ground with he heel and bury they . cracker sorry , sir , smoking light 's out for this operation . drewry ( piss ) do not ever do that again , soldier . od do not get all bent out of shape , sir . it 's a habit . you would forget and one match at night could waste all of we . on a good day you can smell cigarette smoke a quarter mile away . especially menthol . ( beat ) pretty Boy , salt tablet for the El tee , he 's sweat like a fat whore . no offense , sir . Lessons learned . cracker mopic , too . easy push some food toward the cameraman , then get a container of salt tablet from he pack . easy ( to cameraman ) take two salt tablet and drive on . best chow down . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team hump the brush . drewry have a lot of trouble . he be sweat , tired , and look haggard . the other still look fresh . they go up a steep incline . the team work as one , help each other automatically . they rhythm be interrupt to help drewry and the cameraman . hammer ( to camera ) hey , man , why do not you dx that motherfucker ? black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team move through heavy brush . the team move easily , each man thread he way through the jungle . drewry be stumbling along , each vine and branch grab he by the shoulder or catch he foot . pretty Boy pause long enough to show drewry how to walk , use he gun to probe ahead and make a path to move with the terrain . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team rest . everyone be hot and sweaty . drewry show it most . pretty Boy hand out salt tablet . drewry I can not even taste the salt . pretty boy that mean you need it . easy 27 day . I be a double digit midget . hammer pretty Boy , how about I and you hit Sin City when we get back ? pretty boy you know my motto . never fuck a duck or duck a fuck . easy make a quieting motion . he listen to the handset . easy Devil Dog six be get they shit blow away . hammer ( to drewry ) 6 - 1 -6 battallion , South vietnamese , we dink . american advisor . easy they be give coordinate for Med evac . od pull out a map and easy check he code book . easy all they green monkey sky up . drewry how far away be they ? can we help they ? od we do not have enough fire power to do any good . cracker if we could get there in time . drewry but ... od we primary mission be recon , sir . let 's move out . the team move out . black . sound off . sound on . pretty boy ( v.o. ) I love the sunset in nam . drewry ( v.o. ) it 's gorgeous . camera on . sunset . drewry and the cameraman watch pretty Boy string trip wire around they camp . he use the ration can he stuff in he sock earlier . he drop a couple pebble in each can and hook they to the wire and test the rattle , then camouflage everything . pretty boy fuck " gorgeous " , it mean the day 's almost over and I be one day short . I hate this fuck place . they ought to dx the whole fuck country , north and south . turn it in to the big quartermaster in the sky . say , " hey , motherfucker , this place be beyond repair . " drewry it look pretty some time . pretty boy you should have see it when I first come over . you could still see tiger and elephant on the Ho chi Minh Trail . Fucking elephant . pretty Boy shake he head in disbelief . they walk back to the main camp area on a steep slope . drewry stumble . pretty boy we night camp on a slope , away from the trail . even Chuck stick to the trail at night , so he be not likely to trip over we . Hammer be boil water in he canteen cup . easy be monitoring the radio . cracker be on guard . od be open a pack of lurp ration . pretty boy line 's strung . hammer Water 's boil . od toss two lurp to drewry . od spaghetti and chili . everyone gather around Hammer with they lurp . he pour water into the plastic bag . od have he fill two and he give one to cracker . easy number one chop chop . Hammer boil more water for coffee and cocoa . od first guard , cracker , Hammer , I , then pretty Boy and easy . drewry I can pull a shift . od I do not know you . drewry and od stare at each other for a moment . drewry want to make something of the rejection . od you be not use to humping , you be beat . you will need the sack time . drewry accept the conciliatory gesture . easy mopic 's get a can of fruit cocktail and one of peach that I save . pretty boy you sorry - ass motherfucker , you let the poor dude hump that can , you be lower and whale shit . easy bite my ass , pretty Boy . it 's good training for he . hey , mopic , souvenir I you pack . od peaches and fruit cocktail all around . the cameraman toss easy he pack , but before easy can look for the can fruit , something call he back to he radio . he hear something through the static . easy hold the handset to he ear and listen intently . pretty Boy get the can of fruit from the cameraman 's pack . easy echo company . get mortare , call in arty . ( beat ) still have not get they Med evac , weather 's real bad inland . chopper can not get off the ground . hammer monsoon season . a rat fuck . pretty Boy open the can fruit . he take a spoonful of fruit cocktail and pass the can to Hammer . pretty boy save a cherry for easy . pretty Boy slurp up a peach slice and hand that can to od . each man take he share and pass it along . cracker number one . hammer not too shabby . od start eat he lurp ration , a sign for the other to start . easy and the cameraman be the only one not eat . easy hq 's say they might get chopper out tomorrow , late . a definite maybe so . cracker better scarf up you peck , mopic . the camera start to lower , but catch easy take two pill from a ziploc bag and swallow they . no one but the camera see it . easy see the camera on he . easy tetracycline . get the clap last time in Sin City . hammer there it be , the nam . where else in the world can you get a contagious disease for only five buck a pop . pretty boy clap 's no sweat , better and crotch cricket . cracker crab be no big deal . you get yourself a bayonet and a can of lighter fluid . set fire to you pubic hair and when the little fucker run to the high ground , like you dick , you stab them to death . the camera start to lower again , but ... hammer better and the black syph . the camera react . Hammer know a sucker when he see one . hammer ( too seriously ) the black syph . you only get it in nam . it rot you dick off , like leprosy . just drop off . one day you be walk along and you feel something like a turd drop down you pant leg . next thing you know , you be squatting to piss like a girl . easy yeah , and if you get it you can not go home . they keep you here so you do not infect the rest of the world . you spend the whole rest of you life in the nam . no shit , the whole rest of you life in the nam . pretty Boy can not take it anymore , he burst out laugh . od better chow down , mopic . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . drewry snap he finger in front of the camera . drewry sound . it be dark and the man be gather around inside they night perimeter . easy fiddle with the radio . the other prepare they sleep area . drewry approach od . drewry we need to do some background interview on each man . I think we would start with you . od what kind of interview ? drewry where you be from ? what you do before the Army ? background stuff . od glare at the cameraman . od I be not tell you none of that stuff , that 's my private life . the Army 's get no business in my private life . the camera hold a tenuous moment and then focus on drewry , who wonder whether to push it . drewry decide to drop it and he shift he attention to cracker . drewry we will do sergeant frye then . cracker spec 5 . he look at od , then at drewry . cracker maybe later if it 's all right with you , sir . drewry sure , soldier . drewry look at the other member of the team and fix on easy . easy be smile at he . drewry walk over to easy with the cameraman . drewry all right , private . let 's talk . easy let I tell a joke first . c'mon , just one . it 's good training . easy grin into the camera . easy I could be the next shelley berman . be this on now ? sound . he rap a magazine against he helmet . easy how do you eat a frog ? there be laughter off screen . easy c'mon , how do you eat a frog ? drewry ( o.s. ) I do not know . easy you put one leg over one shoulder , then you put the other leg over the other shoulder ... easy laugh . he might be high . he be change the battery in he radio and clean it . drewry ( o.s. ) how long have you be in - country ? easy one year minus 28 , 27 day . I work RTO for a line company first , then with forward observer . I love my prick 25 . pretty boy ( o.s. ) tell he how many fo 's you go through , easy . easy fo 's do not have much of a life expectancy here . do not even come with warranty . I lose eight in six month . Three dead , two go home all mess up , lose track of the rest . that 's the real bummer over here . when you buddy get hit , not zap , but wounded bad , medevaced and go , you do not know if they die , or what ... people you be real close to , sort of go into the twilight Zone ... easy pause a moment , he usual nervous energy subdued , but he brighten . easy you know why shit 's taper at the end ? drewry no . easy so you asshole do not slam shut . pretty Boy laugh off screen . easy do I tell you I be a drummer back in the Real World ? lead vocal , too . Boy , do we ever do some dope when we be on the road . stay all fuck up . but nothing like the nam . drewry how long be you on line ? easy forever . get 4 purple heart , two bronze star with " V " . I get enough Green weenies to open a hot dog stand . this radio antenna be like wear a target on you back . ( beat ) you know why pubic hair be curly ? so it do not poke you in the eye . drewry so , what will you do when you get home ? easy I do not know . hang out . get high . check out my wife . ( beat ) she 's probably fuck every jody that pass the house . that 's okay , though . she be 17 when we get hitched , dead meat in the sack . maybe jody can teach she how to fuck . drewry why would you join up ? easy the judge volunteer I . either that or he would lock I up . do you know how you can tell the nam suck ? it leave hickey on the bottom of you foot . pretty Boy laugh again . drewry the judge blackmail you . easy he do I a favor . Army save I from jail , unless I wind up in the stockade . so far , they have just article 15'd I to death , take my rank ad pay . I can handle that . ( beat ) the bush save I from the stockade and od 's save I from the bush . only thing I hate be the night . it 's start to spook I . I be too short for this shit . you get short , you get paranoid beaucoup . ( laugh ) be it paranoid to think people be try to kill you when people be try to kill you ? drewry then why do you do it ? easy why do a dog lick he penis ? ( beat ) ' Cause he can ! ( beat ) and to be with my buddy out here . they would be shit out of luck without I on the horn . my buddy . easy start , he hear something on the radio . easy hey , hey . dig this . he crank up the volume and faint music can be hear , clarence Carter 's " steal away " . static flicker through the music . drewry be that the States ? easy armed force Radio . vietnam , probably saigon . pretty boy Nah , we be too far away . a khe . hammer nope . sapper waste a khe radio last Tet . easy now that piss I off . cracker shhh ! the man listen and lean unconsciously toward the radio . the cameraman focus on each face in turn , half - shadow in the faint light . the song fade away before it be do . the man settle into disappointed silence . drewry turn off the tape recorder . sound off . black . sound on . drewry ( o.s. ) wake up and catch this . c'mon , c'mon . the camera come on , jerk and sway . it be night . drewry crouch near od and easy at the radio . the other be asleep . easy ( to drewry ) Devil Dog 's be get NVA probe all night . sound like sapper have infiltrate they line . easy turn up the volume . radio ( advisor ) ... one giant cluster fuck . my green monkey be shoot the hell out of each other try to waste the sapper . there be the sound of gunfire and artillery explosion over the radio . Men scream . radio ( advisor ) werewolf one , tell the cannon cocker to pop another illumination round . over . radio ( hq ) Devil Dog six , this be werewolf . one illumination round on the way . how many cap you get leave ? status please . illumination round shot . over . radio ( advisor ) I do not know , I do not even know how many man be leave . right now I be do ... the gunfire increase . radio ( advisor ) oh , shit ! fuck ! we be get overrun ! nothing but static . radio ( voice # 2 ) werewolf , this be Devil Dog Three . we be in deep shit here . help we ! please ! ( voice # 3 ) the Lieutenant 's hit ! oh , God ! medic ! medic ! ( voice # 2 ) oh , no ! Colonel , Colonel ! six be down ! again I say , we six be down . we get gook inside we perimeter ! we need help ! ( beat ) what , sir ? ( beat ) yes , sir . werewolf one , request big gun drop one hundred . say again , drop one hundred . over . easy they be call artillery in on they own position . the other member of the team be awake now and look at the radio . drewry reach for he cigarettes . radio ( voice # 2 ) where 's the fuck medic ?! somebody give I a compress ! oh , Jesus , Jesus , Jesus ... boom ! a explosion , then static . everyone be silent for a moment . easy poor fucker . radio ( hq ) Devil Dog Three , this be werewolf . status report , over . silence . drewry we should have do something . radio ( hq ) Devil Dog Three , this be werewolf . report status . over . od just look at drewry . drewry we could have be there . radio ( hq ) Devil Dog , werewolf . please report status . od and get waste with they . radio ( hq ) Devil Dog Three ? Jimmy ? ( beat ) for God 's sake , Jimmy , report you fuck status ! od ignore drewry . he reach over and turn off the radio and walk over to a tree . he lean against the trunk and close he eye . drewry go ahead , sleep . a hundred and twenty man just die . od I have a lot of dead man in here . plenty of room for more . maybe even room for one smartass lieutenant . drewry look at easy . easy turn the radio back on and cruise the frequency . he pop a couple more pill . easy ladybird 's get scattered mortar . sixty mike-mike . ruff puff advisor . Texas hat be cool , though . Ice cube in he armpit . ( to od ) everybody 's catch some kind of flack . probe all over . shit , sound like Tet again . od Major offensive ? easy Little shit , it it action . beaucoup noise . Chuck 's feel everybody out . od lot of over- reaction at night . easy night 's the worst . I hate the night like a motherfucker . tree walk at night if you stare at they long enough . the nam 's a motherfucker if you get any imagination . black . sound off . camera on . Morning . the cameraman follow od across the camp . od and the camera stop next to drewry , who be heating water in two canteen cup . drewry slip on he boot and turn on the recorder . sound on . od oughta shake that boot out before you put them on . all sort of nasty critter love to crawl in you boot at night . drewry look at he foot , stand up and stamp they . drewry I have heat water for coffee or cocoa for everyone . od you be we mess sergeant now , El tee . drewry figure it 's better than riding free . od nod , smile , and lead drewry and the cameraman over to cracker . cracker be still asleep . pretty Boy be awake , but still lay down . he roll over to watch . Hammer be brush he tooth . easy be on watch , he rifle in he lap , radio at he side . od stop next to cracker and strike a lecturer 's pose . od Lessons learned . the first thing a grunt learn be to be ready at all time , night or day , asleep or awake , to encounter the enemy . od brandish a long stick . cracker sleep soundly , he mouth open . pretty boy watch this . od it 's night . bangedy , bangedy , rattle , rattle , the enemy trip you early detection device . you do not have time to wake up , stand and wander around with you dick in you hand look for you weapon . the enemy be ten yard away ready to waste you ass . hammer od oughta be a drill instructor . easy Fucking cracker sleep like the dead . od so you train yourself to wake with a roll motion , provide the enemy with a low silhouette and , thusly , a minimal target . you sleep with you weapon in the same position every night , to the right or leave of you depend on you preference , so when the shit hit ... whap ! od whacks cracker with the stick . od boom ! cracker roll to he right , pick up he shotgun in mid-roll and land on hs stomach , sighting down the barrel and click off the safety . od ... you land in a prone fire position , ready to engage the enemy . everyone clap and laugh . cracker look piss as he wake more and get up slowly . cracker od , the payback on this be gonna be a motherfucker . I be gonna shove that stick up you ass and roast you over a fuck fire . you wait . od laugh . easy oooooh , wolf talk . cracker glare at the camera . cracker turn that fuck thing off . black . easy ( o.s. ) hey , cracker , 26 and a wakeup . I be so short I could tickle a pissant under the chin . cracker ( o.s. ) if you live , you dinky dau motherfucker . everyone laugh . sound off . camera on . sound on . pretty Boy brushes he tooth with salt from a packet sprinkle on he brush . the rest of the team be prepare to move out . drewry interview pretty Boy . pretty boy hygiene . clean mind , clean body , take you choice . let 's see , I be hang out . go to college for a year , real drag . all that class get in the way of party and pussy . pretty Boy grin and change he sock . pretty boy work be worse , no fun there . I and a couple buddy join together . Army say they would keep we together . that last through Basic . one 's in Germany now , freezing he ball off . Glenn 's somewhere with the first cav , Engineers . lucky fucker . pretty Boy tie the dirty sock to the back of he pack . pretty boy ( to camera ) dry them out during the day . easy ( o.s. ) Gas warfare , kill all the mosquito for mile around . pretty boy some dude get away without sock , not I . during monsoon , dry sock be better than sex . drewry you spend a lot of time in the field ? pretty boy Three month of hell . every kind of shit you can imagine , and a lot you can not . I be medevaced three time when they think I be dead . once they even zipped I into a body bag . we would get hit , you know , and I would be in a hole with three other guy . a mortar round would come right in the hole , blow everyone else to mincemeat . concussion would knock I out , I would have blood come out of my ear and nose , blood all over I , not all mine ... the medic would figure I be dead and throw I on the chopper with the body . no fun waking up there . ( beat ) my luck be unfuck believable . we be run across a paddy , fifty caliber open up and catch the dude on my leave and right , waste they . I , I be skip . ( beat ) I get a hundred storey ... scary . take a round in my helmet once , cut a groove in my hair . weird shit . drewry luck . pretty boy luck ... God ... karma . my karma run over my dogma . there be laughter off screen . pretty boy get to be a pain in the ass . dude hang close like it would rub off . boonie voodoo . people get strange in the bush , believe all sort of thing . lucky scarve , bible over they heart , some be not ever be to church . baldwin 's luck . the company , the whole Brigade talk about it . we get mortare , dude stick around I like a steel umbrella . I even start believe it . I do . make you think God 's get something special plan for you . drewry something special good , or special bad ? pretty Boy shrug . black . sound off . camera on . the team have stop . od be talk to Hammer . a message be pass from one man to the other . drewry be last . he turn to the cameraman and switch on the nagra . sound on . drewry something he want we to look at . sound . drewry snap he finger at the camera and walk to the front with the cameraman . od be kneel on the trail . drewry and the cameraman bend down to get a better look . od trip wire . see the old , dead camouflage . od indicate a dead branch , then a wire . he follow the wire with he finger into the brush . there be a chinese Communist grenade tie to a stick with the wire in the pull string . od booby trap . he gingerly release the brush back into position . he stand and walk back to cracker . drewry and the camera follow . od Point man trip the wire , the grenade go off , take out he and maybe he slack . the rest of the patrol dive into the brush . od stop at the side of the trail and pull the brush aside . there be point bamboo stake with barb plant in the earth . od and they get perforate . Chuck 's get he shit together . od lead the team off the trail at a right angle . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be stop by a stream . everyone be on guard while pretty Boy fill they canteen . pretty boy always try for run water . still water 's full of all sort of ugly stuff . Drop in you halizon tablet and drive on . hammer once we fill we canteen , then find five dink body further upstream , rotted all to hell , piece float around . by then we would drunk half the water . drewry what would you do ? hammer Said , " fuck it " , and drive on . no big thing . easy call it soup . drewry that 's a war story , be not it ? pretty boy El tee , you be all right . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be move through the jungle at a good pace , but as quietly as possible . there be heavy breathe , branch slapping at the man , a mute rattle of equipment . the brush be dense , visibility no more than five meter . the team halt . od raise he hand and dive to the ground . the other hit the ground after he . the cameraman crouch . drewry raise up to look around . Hammer push he back to the ground , hard . drewry gasp , then mews with pain . someone push the cameraman down and the lens hit the dirt . black . fast , heavy breathe from drewry . footstep and the swish of brush as something else move through the jungle nearby . the camera be raise and set horizontal . foot in Ho chi Minh sandal walk by . low vietnamese voice . drewry 's prone body be in view . a bamboo stake pierce he forearm . his face be tense with pain . drewry 's breathe seem to get louder . a pair of foot stop a few foot from drewry . drewry hold he breath . louder vietnamese voice . a stream of yellow water trickle to the ground as the NVA soldier piss . he move on . drewry 's breath rush out . the noise fade as the soldier move out of the area . soundlessly , the team rise and continue along the trail , faster and quieter in a low crouch . drewry clutches he forearm . black . sound off . sound on . cracker ( o.s. ) ... get I a Ford , lot or something . hammer ( o.s. ) I be get a speed monster , dodge four - forty . camera on . Rest stop . pretty Boy be bandage drewry 's arm . Hammer and cracker be on guard . easy move with nervous energy . pretty boy through and through . look like you be purple - hearted , El tee . easy man , that be something . I mean , fuck I , Alice . first the booby trap , last night the ARVN 's shit get flaky . now we just about get a Ho chi Minh sandal on we back . drewry what about infection ? hammer can not hack it , easy ? pretty boy no sweat , GI , I put on some sulfa . and here 's some tetracycline , take a couple every four hour , or four every two hour . easy smoke my pole , Hammer . it 's just ... there seem to be gook everywhere . I be too short for this shit . pretty Boy use a kotex to cover the wound . drewry look at it curiously . pretty boy kotex . my mom send them . they be better and bandage pack . cracker I tell you , it give I one mean pucker factor . cameraman ( o.s. ) pucker factor ? hammer pucker factor . it 's ... easy that 's when ... cracker when the shit hit , you kinda feel you asshole pucker up , like it start suck wind you be so scared . easy yeah , like a ambush . that 's a pucker factor of ten . hammer hear a mortar tube go " bloop " and wait for the shell to hit , that 's a six maybe . easy sniper be ten . cracker back there on the trail , that be a eight . hammer Seven . easy nine . pretty boy Three . they all look at he in disbelief . pretty boy I fall asleep . easy what a fuck John Wayne . cracker hey , El tee , you be the first man ever blooded on one of we mission . the first ever . easy bad omen . drewry look down at the bandage . he pop two , then four tetracycline tablet . pretty boy we will be out of the boony before it get too infect . hammer the only thing that 's fast in this country be rot . easy and bullet . ( beat ) you know , this mission ... this shit be not fun no more . nam 's give war a bad name . there be a noise so slight it 's almost indistinguishable . the team grab they gun and face outward . cracker call out quietly . cracker swamp . od ( o.s. ) fever . od appear quietly out of the jungle . the team relax . od cracker . ( beat ) El tee . od and cracker confer over a map . drewry join they . hammer Fucking cracker want a lot . car 's such a pig they twist the antenna into a curlicue . od never see so many gook around . mostly NVA regular , fng 's like the El tee . we can get over on they easy . easy get I a Mach one. 351 , four - barrel , hurst four-speed , positraction . Red on red . order it already at the px . be wait for I at home . hammer I want a four -forty . Big fuck Chrysler engine . you see " bullitt " ? cracker do not have trouble find they ? od just stop one and ask direction . drewry I could have do that . pretty boy Fucking Chrysler 's suck green donkey dick , fifteen cent a herd . easy Trade my boss 302 for the Mach one . od look at drewry 's wound . drewry try to smile . hammer think you have a jack ' 54 Ford with a 390 hemi . easy I do , I let my brother drive it . boss 302 he can not touch . hammer yeah , I suppose you buy it when you tour with the four season ? man , you can always tell when easy be lie , he lip move . pretty boy I want a jag , xke . easy it be the mccoy , doofus . I want any shit from you I will squeeze you head . od we can camp here , or here . I figure we recon and do it tomorrow , real quick . get this job do . cracker I do not like the high ground . od affirm . El tee , where you figure we can squat for the night ? hammer you feel froggy , jump . you wanna throw some hand ? easy I will tear off you leg and beat you roundly about the head and shoulder with it . hammer I will tear off you head and shit in the hole . the argument be start to get serious . Hammer smack easy 's helmet . od give they the evil eye and they calm down . drewry this look like it have a good back door . we can camp on the hump . od nod and reward drewry with a smile . pretty Boy interrupt the argument between Hammer and easy and get the conversation back to car . pretty boy El tee , what kind of car you get ? drewry volkswagon beetle . 65 . everyone look at drewry like he 's from Mars . pretty boy Automatic ? drewry stick. ( beat ) but I would like to get a camaro or a firebird . od okay , let 's get you hoodlum off the street for the night . the team move out . hammer vw beetle . stick . El tee , you get hair on you ass . pretty boy one hard corps motherfucker . drewry my folk give it to I for graduation . there be a round of stifle laughter . od cool it . everyone shut up . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team move through the jungle , slower , more cautiously . drewry be travel with less effort and he be quiet . the man be beginning to move as a unit again . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the man be extremely alert . od and cracker be not with they . pretty boy ( softly ) that booby trap be old . Left over from the french . so be the punji stick I suppose . any gook in the last year or two would have leave a nice , new chinese " bounce Betty " . hammer that bounce Betty 's will tear you a new asshole . you trip them , they shoot out of the ground and go off waist high . blow you ball off . that spook I the most . easy can not miss what you do not get . easy look around the jungle nervously and pop a pill . drewry how long be they usually go ? pretty boy do not sweat it , El tee. cracker and od get beaucoup jungle smart . better than that little rice propel bastard , right ? hammer they can out - Chuck Chuck . easy dig it . silence . no one be convinced . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be gather around od . od insert small stick in the ground as he talk . od first , intelligence . regiment size unit , NVA regular . New uniform , new weapon , sks 's mostly . one AK for every eight or ten sks 's . rpg 's , look like one to a squad . mortar platoon . plenty of ammo , have not cached it yet . pretty green . nco 's , officer , everything on down . led by a squad of hard corps VC . ( to drewry ) everyone 's brief in case we get separate or something happen . the intelligence have a better chance of get back . pretty boy Army intelligence , now there 's a contradiction in term . easy laugh . od here 's the mission by the number . cracker od do everything by the number . he even fuck by the number . one , insert member , two , thrust , three , retract member , four , repeat two and three rapidly . od ( smile ) we move out just before dawn . there 's a hill on the east side of they camp , we will have the morning sun behind we . cracker they will be just waking up , slow and sluggish before they have they morning tea . Security 's real lax . od we will set up at the military crest . easy will call the fdc . Range for we long rifle be about 450 meter . primary target be as follow -- CO , radioman , first pig , xo , Radio , mortar , then target of opportunity . drewry why shoot at all if you be go to have easy call in artillery ? od confuse them , shake them up . if they sit there and see that smoke round come they could get they shit together and sky up . and ... drewry and ... od if the Fire direction Center fuck up at least we get a few of the bastard . cracker that 's for damn sure . od by the number . one , easy call fire mission . hold fire . two , I commence fire , CO . od knock over the stick one at a time . od cracker fire . primary target hit . target of opportunity . pretty Boy pop a few blooper round for effect . easy let go he smoke . adjust . we sky up . cracker like a stripe -ed ass zebra . od we head back to we camp here , make a 90 here , about 50 meter before the camp , and head for ladybird . compass read for ladybird be 132 degree . get that , Hammer ? od draw the route on the ground . hammer one-three -two . od question ? drewry what do I do ? od stay out of we way . od pick up the stick and throw they into the brush and wipe the drawing from the dirt . drewry how about I walk on over to Thailand and get laid ? I promise to be back in time for the pick up . easy hey , El tee , dig it . check it out . hammer we gotta get you a new name . pretty boy how about " Big D " ? drewry look down at he crotch . drewry somebody look . the man laugh . black . hammer ( o.s. ) I be clean the m - 60 . cover I . pretty boy ( o.s. ) you get it . drewry ( o.s. ) you still have film ? ( beat ) turn it on . camera on . Hammer get out he oil and shave brush and start to break down the machine gun . drewry feel like talk ? hammer what the fuck , sure . Hammer strip , clean and reassemble he m - 60 . he even clean the belt of ammunition . drewry you enlist ? hammer Nah , I be a fuck US . worked for my old man . could not cut that nine to five mickey mouse shit . rammed around . I be from a small town , but I and my buddy own it . nobody give a shit . we get a little static from the sheriff , but just little shit . ( beat ) I think my old man suggest to the draft board it be my turn . make a man of I , he say . shit. drafted . ( beat ) I be not do anything anyway . all my buddy start copping out . Larry get marry . Ed go to junior College . I be painting house , lay linoleum , little of everything . drewry you volunteer for this unit , too ? hammer the Green line be get to I . too much dope . figure I might start take the hard stuff . trip on lsd , hash . it be so fuck boring . they be start inspection , spit-shine boot in the nam ! see , we get it dick in the rear , this team . nobody fuck with we , no kp , detail or inspection . nobody fuck with we , not even officer . they think we be crazy . dinky dau , mad killer . drewry be you ? hammer we be the only sane killer the Army 's get , od say . drewry you be a hard corps dude . hammer damn right . mercenary kill for money . sadist kill for fun . paratrooper kill for both . Hammer wink at the camera . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . night camp . drewry signal the cameraman to follow he over to where the team be talk . easy the question be , do you get laid ? what I want to do , there 's this asshole where I live , own all the parking lot . in the morning he drive to they all in he Continental , see that all he dollar- an- hour doofus mother - fucker be on the job . then he go to the country club for the rest of the day , rub elbow with all the other rich asshole . end of the day , he drive by he lot again , collect the money and make he deposit . ( beat ) what a fuck life . when I get back the first thing I be gonna do be buy I a fuck parking lot . no building , no maintenance , paint a few line once a year . I be gonna get I a parking lot , no shit , and lay back . drewry what about you , cracker ? hammer cracker 's a lifer . he be not never leave the Army . pretty boy he 's be in since Christ be a corporal . easy pull kp at the last Supper . cracker be clean and check he m - 1 sniper rifle . drewry ( to cracker ) you like the Army ? cracker yeah , be in six year . I come from South Carolina . up north they call we hillbilly , but we be not . dictionary define hillbilly as a Michigan farmer . we be white trash , dirt poor , big family . I get four kid myself , two boy , two girl last time I check . ( beat ) the Army help a poor man pull himself up . feed my family , good retirement , give I a education . I get my ged . Black people , Puerto rican who do not even speak English , Army 's the only equal opportunity employer I ever see . I could get to be first sergeant , even a warrant Officer . good money . drewry you figure what you be do here be right ? cracker I do not figure right or wrong about it . people like I go day to day , spend we time figure how to get food on the table . ( beat ) my daddy be the best cabinetmaker you ever see . do not get a lot of work ' cause of he hand , arthritis twisted they up , but whenever he make something , a cabinet , a three - legge stool , it be the best goddamn three - legge stool he could make . he teach the same to I . you do you job the best you can , no matter you like it or not . ( beat ) once he make a black oak china cabinet , black oak , and when the lady say he should paint it white to match she floorboard trim , well , my daddy paint it white . beautiful black oak , grain like run water . he paint it the smoothest , cleanest white you ever see . milk be not that white . ( beat ) you do you job , let the right or wrong to other . you earn you pay . od feel the same . that 's why I and od be this close . cracker hold up two finger horizontally , one on top of the other . cracker that 's I on top . drewry be from South Carolina , how do it feel , be lead by a black man ? cracker 's eye narrow . cracker we do not ask that question out here , that 's a Real World question . ask I that in South Carolina . right now ask I if od be not the best fuck boonie rat I ever meet . ask I if od be not the best human be I ever humped a ruck with . ask I if I love he like a brother and if I would kill for he . I do and I have . if I would lay my life on the line for he ... I have . and if he be not do the same for I . ( beat ) we be finish here . cracker get up and walk away . drewry see the camera on he . he look away , embarrassed . drewry turn that fuck thing off . black . sound off . sound on . easy ( o.s. ) before it get dark you lay in you position , check out you fire lane , and most of all you memorize the terrain in front of you . camera on . easy lie on the ground and look into the night . he talk nervously . easy every tree , bush , and rock . sometimes you draw a picture in the dirt in front of you . then at night , that shadow , you know what they be . they be not the bad guy , you know ? ( laugh nervously ) but then you think , the little dink fucker replace the bush with himself . you know it move , you know it do . ( beat ) I hate it just before a mission . see that little berm , look like a crawl gook , do not it ? freaky shit . stare at it long enough , it will move , I would not shit you . pretty Boy appear and lay a hand on easy 's shoulder . pretty boy hey , Breeze , what do the jolly Green giant fear the most ? easy what ? pretty boy avocado picker . they both laugh . the laughter fade and they stare out into the darkness . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . easy grin into the camera . he motion to the cameraman to follow he . easy pick up drewry 's nagra and walk across the camp . it be dark . there be some fog . od be clean he long rifle . easy fiddle with the nagra 's knob . easy like my teac fifteen hundred . easy and the cameraman walk over to drewry . easy point the microphone at he . drewry look worried . easy you turn in the barrel , El tee . pretty Boy and Hammer laugh off screen . drewry I see . I have throw some punch at you guy and now it 's you turn . easy now , El tee , how long you be in - country ? oh , never mind . how long you be on line ? ooops . wait , wait . how long you be in the Army ? drewry active ? Close to two year . I be National Guard in college . want West Point , but I could not get in , politics . easy ohhh , regular Army . El tee , I do not take you for a lifer . easy shake he head and smile . easy so , El tee , why you be such a hard ass on we ? we be just some regular asshole try to do a dirty job . silence . od get up and walk over to easy . od that 's enough , easy . drewry no , it 's a fair question . I think you people treat the war like some game . you dress up like GI Joe or sergeant rock , play hard corps . pretty Boy and Hammer join they . easy bull-fuck -shit . pretty boy dig it . hammer sergeant rock , my ass . od and how do you see the war , El tee ? drewry Business . Big business . the Army be one big corporation , like Gulf and western . pretty boy engulf and devour . od and we be just cog in the big machine . drewry if you want . but there 's opportunity , like cracker say . you can be a peon , or , if you see yourself as executive material , the advancement potential be enormous . cracker , on guard , turn and look at the other man . cracker you some kind of junior executive ? drewry exactly . in twelve month I can go from second louie to first . and if I play it right , I can leave nam as a Captain , with Major around the corner . od if you play it right . drewry that 's why I volunteer for this unit . easy you volunteer ? drewry volunteer and finagle . see , with a line unit I be just another shavetail lieutenant . my only chance be if we get hit bad and I pull it through . but there be too many people above I make the decision and they would take the credit . od of course . drewry with this unit I can show my stuff , and spend a lot of hour in the rear mingling with my superior . like they say , it 's who you know . easy or who you blow . drewry of course , I could take you guy with I . you watch , promotion , medal , I will get they for you . slip in a recommendation . hooch maid , more r&r . od you be use the nam to punch you ticket . drewry it 's the chance of a lifetime for a career officer . Wars do not come along very often . combat duty be the foundation for a successful career . cracker that 's what 's wrong with this war , all that ticket punch . how can you win when everybody 's just pass time for 12 month ? who ever hear of a part-time war ? hammer who ever hear of a war where you could not cross enemy border ? we oughta invade . if you be gonna be a bear , be a grizzly . pretty boy it 's like they be do everything they can to keep from win this one . easy we be just rearranging furniture on the Titanic . there be a moment of silence . od better cut some " Z 's " , mission tomorrow . ( to easy ) get you act together . who 's monitoring the radio ? easy I be just have some fun . od be this fun ? easy not even close . easy give the nagra to od and walk away . od ( to drewry ) there it be . od flick off the sound and hand the recorder to drewry . black . camera on . sound on . night . the team be sleep . pretty Boy be on guard . od sit near he . they talk softly , unaware of the camera . od ... big family . lot of brother and sister . pretty boy why do not you set I up with one of you sister ? od and you can set I up with you mama . pretty boy I want to find a girl . quit fuck around . just ... you know ... forget all this shit . od I have a girl . we be even engage . but ... I have be over here two tour and ... every time I go home ... the land of the big px ... thing sure change quick . pretty boy you be not a lifer be you , od ? od say what ? you know what they say nco stand for ... no chance outside . ( beat ) no . no future for I in it . pretty boy there it be . easy start in he sleep . pretty Boy and od look at he in concern . easy settles down . pretty boy you know , od , I can not handle much more of this . my shit 's get flaky . od just one more time . so you just roll you shit up into a tight little ball and flick it in Charlie 's eye . od notice the camera and look at it with surprise , offended at the intrusion . he give the cameraman the evil eye . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . Dawn at the camp . the camera be shaky and out of focus . it center on a new man , the cameraman , lean against a tree and take a leak . hammer ( o.s. ) okay , mopic , do not piss on I , piss on the camera . the cameraman turn , surprised and embarrassed . he button up . pretty Boy and easy laugh . hammer ( o.s. ) wa , c'mon , mopic , give the folk at home a thrill . haul it out . let them see a real soldier 's weapon . easy / pretty boy this be my weapon , this be my gun . with this I kill people , with this I have fun . they show the difference by brandish they weapon and cupping they crotch . they laugh . the cameraman try to retrieve he camera from Hammer . Hammer back away . hammer ( o.s. ) hey , soldier , how would you wind up in this circle jerk ? cameraman I be work in the lab back in the rear , post -production . we use to get this can of film in , no cameraman , just the reel . we would hear he get shot , or be dead . spookiest thing in the world , wait for that film to develop . wonder what you be go to see . sometimes you see nothing . other time ... Real scary . easy you think that 's scary . pretty boy another volunteer . we be all crazy on this bus . pretty Boy and easy start grab-ass . Hammer follow . black . hammer ( o.s. ) what happen ? cameraman ( o.s. ) you run out of film . hammer ( o.s. ) shit . sound off . camera on . sound on . Hammer and cracker drag they rucksack across the ground , make obvious mark . easy walk over to drewry . pretty Boy be rebandaging he arm . easy El tee , Big D , give I all you bubble gum wrapper . drewry be puzzle , but he comply . easy scatter the wrapper around the campsite . od leave a full magazine on the ground . od first two round be good . third round , gunpowder 's be replace with C - 4 . bang , bang , boom ! scratch one enemy and one enemy gun . ( to camera ) we be make it look like fifteen man be here . make the gook chase we with a larger unit . the larger the unit , the slower and noisier it be . we need every edge we can get . cracker dig a small hole . he take a smoke grenade and a regular grenade from he pack and unscrew the fuse . he swap fuse and screw they down . cracker regular grenade 's get a three - second fuse , give you time to throw it . smoke grenade 's instantaneous , better for booby trap . cracker straighten the pin on the grenade , put it in the hole spoon up and hook a wire to the pin . cracker ( to drewry ) Sir , you have be wear that steel pot too long . May I borrow it ? drewry take off he helmet and hand it to cracker . cracker put a couple handfuls of dirt inside the helmet to steady it and set it on top of the spoon . he check the balance of the helmet , the tension on the spoon , and carefully pull the wire and the pin . drewry I sign for that thing . cracker if you want it , sir , you will have to get it the way mister Charlie will . and I guarantee it will ruin you whole day . cracker wipe away all trace of he footprint and the trail of wire . he stand back and admire he work . easy hand drewry he own soft cap . drewry put it on . od let 's do it to it . the team slide into the jungle . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . further along the trail . cracker string a wire across the trail to a grenade that have be insert into a c-ration can . he attaches the wire to the grenade and pull the pin . the can restrain the spoon . cracker and the cameraman walk about fifteen foot up the trail . cracker take off he bandana and tie it conspicuously to a branch . cracker you stay here long enough and you can out - Chuck Chuck . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be set up on the side of a ridge . od and cracker set up they long rifle use they rucksack as gun rest . they load they ammunition one round at a time , clean each one with a rag . everyone else wear they pack . pretty Boy and Hammer set up as spotter next to od and cracker and get out they binocular . pretty Boy line up he m-79 ammunition in a neat row of six round . easy sit behind they with the radio . the sun be rise at they back . everyone whisper . od and cracker look through they scope . od I see one , dead center , the tent . Three and six about two o'clock . cracker I see two at nine o'clock , five at eleven o'clock and move . od anyone spot four ? drewry take out he binocular and look . drewry sweet Mary , mother of Jesus , there 's hundred of they . the cameraman get behind od and zoom down the rifle barrel and focus on the target area . one hundred and fifty man , most sleep in tent or bed - roll , a few on guard . in the center of the camp eight man be perform tai-chi , graceful and uncare . od they must have get reinforce overnight . pretty Boy , see that antenna ? can you reach it with you thumper ? the focus come back to the team . drewry look at od , then back through the binocular . pretty boy no sweat , but I be not sure of the mortar . really reach . drewry that must be a quarter mile . od more like a third of a mile , El tee . secondary target ? cracker that dude wander around , the VC guide . people seem to listen to he . I think the dude 's get he shit together . lotta man down there , od . od and cracker get into position behind they rifle , prone , and snuggle into the dirt . easy ( into radio ) thunderbird Control , this be outrider . how do you read I ? over. ( beat ) I read you lima Charlie . I have a fire mission . request artillery he . stand by for coordinate . od and cracker go through a silent run , make " pow " sound with they lip , jerk they rifle with each fake shot . easy ( into radio ) enemy in the tree , single canopy . size , regiment . in my funny book I read Delta oscar lima echo November golf foxtrot India papa tango tango echo . say back . ( beat ) affirm . Fire one smoke on my order . they plug they ear with plastic earplug , cigarette filter , whatever they have . easy and drewry use cartridge . od hesitates . od wait one . everyone look at od . od most of that dude be not the one I see yesterday . cracker take the binocular and look . cracker must be out humping . keeping a low profile for air recon ? od I say we do not shoot . call in arty and just didi mau . od look at each man in turn . easy and pretty Boy nod . Hammer shrug . od look at drewry . drewry you be the boss of the bush . od nod to easy . easy ( into radio ) Fire one . pretty Boy launch five quick round while od and cracker get up and put they pack on . Hammer keep he binocular on the camp . everyone get ready to move out . muffled explosion sound . hammer get them ! Chuck 's hurtin ' ! smoke round . Drop one hundred , leave fifty . easy ( into radio ) Drop one hundred , leave fifty . Fire for effect . he and wick picket . hammer shake and bake . od move it . the team move out , fast . the crest the ridge and the air above they be rip by artillery shell . Hammer look up . hammer get some . explosion sound in the distance . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team run down slope , od lead . he spot cracker 's bandana and grab it off the branch on the run . he make a immediate leave off the trail and the man pass the bandana back to cracker . cracker I hate it when we do not shoot . get all the juice go ... black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be stop . they look behind they . drewry be out of breath . the other be all hyper . drewry ... trip you wire ? cracker sound like . wait one to see if you helmet bounce . jet roar overhead . the man look up . pretty boy get some . easy ( listen on radio ) fuck I , Alice . op ladybird 's be hit again . Texas hat 's on the horn go apeshit . od then we make it the ville . Hammer ? hammer the village . get it , od . there be muffle explosion . Hammer look back . hammer the jet be put the damn damn on the dink . easy oh , Jesus . they be get overrun . drewry I should call in my situation report . od look at drewry and nod to easy . easy give drewry the handset and change the frequency . drewry ( into radio ) Stone hombre , this be outrider six . how do you hear I ? ( beat ) same here , hombre . sit rep , mission complete . enemy sighted , now under fire , arty , he and fly boy . cracker I just hate it when we do not shoot . easy not I . kind of like a personal risk avoidance policy . hammer it 's like a fuck dry hump . give I the blue ball . cracker not that . just ... every one of that gook we cut slack on might dust some GI . pretty boy I can dig that . od move them out . the team move out . there be another muffle boom . cracker grin at drewry and flip he hat into the air . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team wait and catch they breath . drewry reach into pretty Boy 's pack and get salt tablet . Hammer be still hyper . they all whisper . pretty boy you get hungry , just chew on you lurp ration . eat it dry and suck up some water . not too much , you will swell you belly . hammer we will not be stop long enough to chow down ' till we hit the ville . a click in the jungle . cracker respond with a toy cricket . click , click . od appear . od gook ahead , across we trail . six of them . drewry ambush ? od Breakfast . cracker we go around them or through them ? hammer through them . time to waste a few . drewry can we go around ? od it will not be easy , and it will be slow . hammer let 's hit them . it 's we last gig , let 's take back some head . od look at the other . cracker what the fuck , can not dance . hammer you want to live forever ? easy you know I , Breeze , anything for a joke . pretty Boy just smile . od look at drewry . drewry I can handle it . od sketches a diagram in the dirt . od okay . they be by the stream , about 50 meter up . we do a " L " , I here , easy , pretty Boy , and Hammer . cracker at the elbow , the El tee . pretty boy what about mopic ? od he wait back here . I start , a grenade , then we hit them . Hammer , one carry a rpg , you waste that motherfucker . careful of the crossfire . easy let 's do it to it . they move out . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the pack be on the ground . od and cracker lay they rifle on the pack . easy tape two magazine back to back . pretty Boy arrange he grenade . od we get split up , rally on the ville . the man be stripped down and ready to move . od look they over and nod . they start to move out . drewry ( to cameraman ) stay here , just hang loose . the man disappear into the jungle . the cameraman wait for a moment , then follow they into the brush . he catch a few glimpsis of cracker 's back . nothing but brush . the cameraman move slowly . suddenly , he be upon od , easy and Hammer . od force he down fiercely . vietnamese voice can be hear . od , easy and Hammer crawl toward the voice . the man wait . easy look scared . Hammer wink at he . od pull out a grenade , then pull the pin . he wait , pop the spoon , silently count to two and throw the grenade . a explosion , a scream , and the team be up at the same instant , charge and fire . they burst into the clear . two VC be prone . one kneel to fire , three be run away . the team pour a rain of gunshot into the area . mass confusion . the three run VC fall . the kneel soldier be blow down . quiet . easy and pretty Boy go on guard . od and cracker check body and take papers . Hammer , pump up , start pick up the enemy weapon . od Hammer , guard 12 o'clock . hammer War souvenier , od . first come , first ... this one 's alive . Hammer aim he machine gun at the VC 's head . drewry , a little daze by the shoot , wake up and bump Hammer aside . drewry wait a second . the cameraman move closer to catch the VC . the VC be come to . blood come from he nose and ear . his leave leg be waste . hammer let I waste he , sir . Sin loi motherfucker . Hammer aim at the VC again , but drewry block he . drewry he 's a prisoner . we take he with we . hammer bullshit . no way . od can it , Hammer . drewry we do not murder . od we kill . we just do a mess of it . drewry it 's not the same , you know it . od look at the VC , then at drewry . od bring he back to the rear . we will decide there . drewry tie the VC 's hand and he and easy drag the prisoner into the jungle . drewry we have decide . od move it , move it . the team leave the area . black . sound off . sound on . pretty boy ( o.s. ) bac se . Doctor , medic . bac se . camera on . the man shoulder they gear . pretty Boy bandage the VC 's leg . the prisoner 's mouth be now tape shut . drewry we take he back to S - 2 for interrogation . Intelligence , that 's what we be out here for . pretty Boy be very gentle with the VC . hammer be we bad motherfucker , or what . see that shit ? we clean up . I be not shitting you . Zap ! easy let 's have a hymn for the Major . easy / hammer / pretty boy hymmmn , hymmmn , fuck ... himmmm . od look at the VC . hammer shit , sir , who 's gonna carry the fucker . it will slow we down like ... he resist and it 's a bitch and a half . if you cold cock the sucker he 's dead weight . he can not walk . we have do this before . drewry I will carry he . pretty boy I will help . drewry and pretty Boy strap two rifle sling to the VC 's shoulder and leg . od he go with we . easy El tee ... " Big D " , we be gonna get you a medal . first time out . cracker most grunt spend a whole year get shot at and shit on and never see Chuck . you get one to take home . od let 's go . drewry and pretty Boy grab the VC . the team move out . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be stop . drewry cut a thick bamboo stalk . hammer ( look at VC gun ) Bet I get I a hundred buck apiece for this from some raggedy ass chairborne commando . easy how about you souvenier I one , Hammer ? hammer how about you kiss my hairy ass ? pretty boy for a little shit , ol ' luke the gook be fuck heavy . cracker do not let he fool you . they stand small , but fight tall . he 's probably play possum . od c'mon , we be lose time . you know they be look for we . drewry done . drewry finish trimming the bamboo and he and pretty Boy slip it through the VC 's binding . they lift the pole onto they shoulder . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team move quietly and quickly through the jungle . od be on point , Hammer , easy , then drewry and pretty Boy carry the NVA between they . drewry no longer carry the nagra , the cameraman do . there be a small break in the tree . easy spin in place and fall to the ground . a shot crack the air . pretty Boy 's right leg collapse under he and he fall . there be another crack . the cameraman run . cracker pass the cameraman and grab easy by the harness and drag he to cover with od and Hammer . drewry pull the NVA behind some cover with he . od and Hammer be already look down they gun , search for the sniper . Hammer fire he machine gun . od enough ! wait ' till you get a target ! Hammer stop . od look at easy . there be a big rag hole in the radio . easy I be okay ! I be okay ! he say it to reassure himself . cracker ( o.s. ) od ! pretty Boy ! they look down the trail . pretty Boy be about ten foot away , try to get up on he good leg . the other one be bloody at the knee . he get partly up and he other leg be shot out from under he . there be a brief delay and another crack . pretty Boy scream . hammer Jesus , that guy be good . do you hear that delay ? must be 500 meter . easy od , you gotta help pretty Boy ! hammer cover I , cracker . Hammer toss he machine gun to cracker . cracker fire into the jungle . Hammer duck down like a runner in the start block and jump into the clear . a bullet tear into Hammer 's shoulder and stop he dead . od and easy grab he foot and pull he back . crack ! cracker stop fire . they all look at pretty Boy . he raise himself up by he elbow and try to drag himself over to the other , inch by painful inch . easy c'mon , pretty Boy . od you can do it , baldwin . another shot tear pretty Boy 's right elbow to meat and sliver of bone . he scream again . crack ! easy leave he alone ! goddammit ! leave he alone ! easy be about to cry . smack ! another bullet hit pretty Boy in the thigh . crack ! hs body jerk with the impact and he scream again , a high pierce wail that fade into a guttural moan . cracker Lord have mercy . easy I be give it another try . easy get up , but od grab he by the shoulder and pull he back . od no . od get I fdc . maybe we can get some fire support . easy Radio be not work . drewry look . pretty Boy be still alive . he reach slowly behind he with he leave hand and get a grenade from he canteen cover . he try to loosen the pin with one hand . easy pretty Boy , no ! od , do something ! od cracker , give I you harness . easy pretty Boy , wait ! od hold on , baldwin . pretty Boy stop . od link he belt with cracker 's , then drewry 's . he creep toward the edge of the clear . od toss the length of belt toward pretty Boy . the end land about a foot from he head . pretty Boy reach for the belt and a bullet tear through he palm , throw he arm in a arc . crack ! pretty Boy whimper . easy ( cry ) oh , goddamn . fuck. shit. cocksucker . cocksucker ! pretty Boy 's face lie in the dirt . he painfully turn he head so he can see the team . he wet he lip . pretty boy ( whisper ) od , please . smack ! a bullet hit he in the hip . he scream again . drewry ( watch od ) what be you do ? easy od , no , do not . od . od take drewry 's .45 from he holster and pull back the slide and make sure it be load . easy watch through he tear . the slide snap forward with a ominous click . od aim at pretty Boy 's head . pretty Boy look at the gun and od and smile . cracker ( softly ) od , not in the head . boom ! pretty Boy 's body jerk with the impact of od 's bullet . he be dead . silence . then the sound of easy cry softly . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . pretty Boy 's body be on a poncho . cracker take the dog tag from around he neck , untape they and put one in pretty Boy 's mouth and tape it shut . he do it gently , as if it be a ceremony . cracker pull the poncho over pretty Boy 's face . easy cry off screen . he snap the poncho shut , one at a time . the sound of the snap be very loud . od bandage Hammer 's shoulder while Hammer remain on guard . easy shiver uncontrollably a couple of time and look at he dead radio . drewry look at the NVA . od finish with Hammer and walk over to drewry . od gut shot . look like you gook 's break , El tee . drewry will he make it to Brigade ? od no . we be not take he . drewry what ? od we get a choice . we carry you gook or pretty Boy . we can not take both . drewry but ... he 's dead . silence . the team look coldly at drewry . hammer Americans never leave they dead behind . drewry look at the team , the NVA , pretty Boy , the NVA again . drewry you be not go to kill he . od no , you be , El tee . everyone look at od . his face be fill with anger . drewry you can not make I . od we be leave luke the gook . if he people get to he before he die he can tell they all about we . we be almost out of ammo , one of we be hurt , everything . Intelligence , El tee , intelligence . drewry reach reluctantly for he gun . od no gun , El tee. noise discipline . you knife make it personal . od take drewry 's bayonet and slap it into he hand . the NVA stare up at drewry , he eye wide with fear and pain . od it 's time you be blooded , El tee . you own private kia . drewry look down at the NVA . drewry he 's go to die anyway . od maybe . c'mon , El tee . no , wait a second . od reach into drewry 's shirt and pull out the NVA 's papers . od 's eye burn with cold , hard fury . cracker reach out to stop he , but od jerk away . od you might want to know who you be kill . ( read ) his name 's truong , Nguyen truong . he 's 19 . get a family , look like , wife , cute kid . od throw the papers onto the NVA 's chest as he read they . the last be a black and white photograph of a woman and child . od c'mon , El tee , what be you wait for ? od 's voice have a edge of hysteria . cracker od . hammer kill the fucker , El tee . drewry raise the bayonet and stab the NVA clumsily in the chest . he pull it back out quickly and turn away . od damn , El tee , can not you even kill a man right ? the NVA 's chest rise with shallow breath and blood pump from the wound . od bend over the NVA with he gerber knife and shove it up under he ribcage and slice the heart . the NVA die . od wipe the blade on the NVA 's sleeve . he cut the rope from he hand and foot and slice the tape off he mouth . blood gush out . od drape the NVA flag over the dead man 's face and kneel there for a moment , almost like he be praying . cracker put a gentle hand on od 's shoulder . cracker od , we better move out . I be go to destroy the long rifle , pretty Boy 's gear . ( to Hammer ) give I a willy peter. ( beat ) od ? od nod and get up slowly . od better melt down the radio , too . easy take off the radio and get a white phosphorous grenade from he pack . drewry sit on the ground look at he bayonet . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the team be stop , all out of breath , face outward on guard . easy and drewry have be carry pretty Boy 's body between they , the pole through the poncho . od 's jaw muscle flex as he stare into the jungle . hammer how much farther to the ville ? od Three , four klick . Seven - niner degree . remember that , Hammer , seven - niner . hammer I get it , od , no sweat . anyhow , I just follow you . ( beat ) damn , I would like a cold brew . easy I could use some dew . no , no , hash . Quick toke of hash , dreamland . grass make I paranoid . easy laugh . it be force . od look at he and almost smile . od you be one dinky dau ditty bopper . easy and I be short . 25 and a wake - up . I be so short I could parachute off a dime . hammer I wish I have a cold brew . cracker wish in one hand , shit in the other , see which hand 's full first . ( beat ) what kind of job you gonna get we in the rear , od ? od look at drewry , who be self - absorb and quiet . od I do not know , some ghost job . one thing I do know , it will be air - condition . they conversation be strain . cracker with my own little refrigerator . hammer for cold brew . od there 's a slot open at the rec room . we will send easy to Thailand on r&r so he do not get into trouble before he take that freedom bird back to the Real World . easy can you do that for I , od ? I would dig it . Love that thai pussy , cheap , too . I and pretty Boy ... what about Hammer ? cracker Hammer 's too tough for the rear . hammer get muscle in my shit . easy bite the head off animal cracker . cracker last time I be in the rear I call home on the mar line . get the wife on the horn , she do not believe it be I call from the nam . after we talk about that we do not have shit to say to each other . Dead silence . not word one . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the camera look over od 's shoulder as he consult he compass . od the tree , the big pine . od pocket the compass and Hammer hand he he car - 15 . od start walk . the cameraman stand to one side and let od and Hammer walk by he . drewry and easy follow with the body . suddenly , out of the tree , walk three NVA . the NVA freeze , as startle as the Americans . drewry and easy drop pretty Boy . it 's like a signal . the team fire . the NVA fire back , but it 's too late . the cameraman hit the ground as the team charge the NVA . drewry hit the ground , too , but he face the rear , gun ready . black . gunfire . the cameraman lift the camera . od and easy come out of the brush . Hammer stay behind and fire a slug or two into each of the NVA body . od be furious . he head over to drewry , who be get off the ground . od be hold he stomach and blood leak through he finger . od what the fuck be you do ?! do not they teach you shit in fuck ocs ?! you attack , fucker ! attack ! drewry I be guard we rear ! that 's what I be teach . in a ambush ... fuck it ! od that be pretty Boy 's job . the fire in od be suddenly go . he look off screen and run . the camera follow . cracker be lay on the ground , three bloody hole in he chest . cracker it hurt , godalmighty , it hurt . hurt like nothing ever do , od . od pretty Boy ! morphine ! cracker grab od 's sleeve and pull he closer . cracker od , pretty Boy 's dead . cracker 's word be soft and gentle . od choke up . od cracker , do not you dare die on I , motherfucker . I need you , you be my friend . frye ? easy and Hammer join od . there be blood pour down Hammer 's leg . cracker no sweat , GI . Three slug be not nothing . guy catch worse and live , I see it . funny , I count they when they hit . one , two , three . I just fall back real slow , think , " shit , I be hit three fuck time " . AK ? od I guess . cracker lift he head and look at the foam blood pump from he chest . cracker Jesus , look like a suck chest wound , od . get something to plug it . easy rip the plastic cover from a bandage and od place it over the wound . hammer I get a morphine vial . Hammer hand the morphine to od . od prepare it . hammer we gotta move it , od . the gunfire , the gook must have hear it . od you be gonna be okay , cracker . we be through some shit together , huh , frye ? we will get through this one . cracker Three slug be not nothing , I see guy a lot worse . od pull up cracker 's sleeve to inject the morphine . cracker save it , od , do not hurt no more . can not feel a fuck thing . cracker die . od bend over cracker 's body , tear drip onto cracker 's face . od tip he head back to scream , but all that come out be a torture rasp . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . the body of cracker and pretty Boy lay next to each other under a tree . od mark the spot on he map . od we will send a chopper back . drewry Americans never abandon they dead . no one pay any attention to drewry . the team move out . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . drewry be clean he m - 16 carefully , methodically . easy be bandage od 's stomach wound , wrapping duct tape around he middle . he watch od 's face , try not to hurt he . easy finish and hand the tape to Hammer . Hammer tape he thigh while he remain on guard . hammer gonna be a beaut of a scar . ( beat ) I be think , I think I get pretty Boy 's luck . you figure that happen ? you know , that luck just visit someone and then up and jump onto someone else ? he grin and look at everyone . there be a bloody patch near he ear . the smile fade as he look into the jungle . he think something over , chew he cheek . he look into the camera . hammer in case ... if I do not ... if my luck jump , you know ... ( beat ) I want my folk , especially my old man , my dad , to know I do a damn good job . maybe I be not any hero , but I do the best job I could . Hammer turn away , embarrassed . he look back into the jungle . hammer but I get pretty Boy 's luck , I will not worry none . you know , I could almost feel it come onto I when pretty Boy get ... there be silence . od get up , wince with pain . easy watch he , feel the same pain . drewry watch they all , deep in think . easy best I can do . od it will work . easy od , I be scared . we be in deep shit . od stevie wonder could see that , easy . easy restlessly , unconsciously , work the bolt of he carbine , jack the round out of the magazine . easy no , I mean , really , my shit 's get all flaky . I be not cut out for this shit no more . you gotta cut I some slack , od , I can not hack it no more . easy be intently serious , but on the verge of tear , try to express he sincerity through he panic . easy I do not wanna die . I do not give a rat fuck before , but I do now . maybe I be too short . od , you gotta cover my ass . tear fall from easy 's eye . he sniff and wipe he nose with the back of he hand . he look like a little kid . od you out of pill ? easy ( smile ) can not get nothing by you , od . easy see Hammer look at he . easy do not look at I like that , motherfucker . I will kill you . hammer ( softly ) it 's okay , easy . od hug easy , but gingerly because of he wound . od I will take care of you , easy , I will . I ever lie to you ? easy no sweat . I be just a little fuck ' cause of pretty Boy and cracker , you know . easy take a deep breath and pull back from od . easy hey , od , what 's the difference between fish and meat ? od what ? easy if you beat you fish it will die . od smile and playfully slap easy on the cheek . od dinky dau motherfucker . now pick up that brass . easy look down and see the cartridge and he 's surprised . he pick they up . drewry easy , here . maybe this will make you feel more secure . od and easy look at drewry . drewry have take off he flak vest . he offer it to easy . easy take it and shrug off he lbe to put it on . drewry and od look at each other . drewry I think I should take over now , you be incapacitate . od like shit . drewry I do not want to argue . you will hardly be able to walk with that wound . od be angry . he take a step toward drewry , refuse to show the pain . easy try to help , but od push he away with cracker 's shotgun . drewry see . I will take point . od and get we all grease . no way , GI . od look at easy and Hammer for they reaction . easy 's fear be evident . Hammer give he a " I do not give a shit " look . od Hammer will walk point . and we move now and fast . we get a pickup to meet . hammer out-fuck -stand . you be one hard corps dude , od . easy and you be one silly , gung - ho fucker , Hammer . hammer yeah , no shit . like cracker say ... say ... if you be gonna be a bear , be a grizzly . Hammer move out first . the cameraman wait for od , who be lean on easy . od motion the cameraman ahead of he . drewry I will bring up the rear . they follow Hammer . od watch out for booby trap , stay off the trail . stop every few meter just to listen . hammer I can handle it , od , cut I some slack . Hammer talk without stop he progress through the jungle . hammer I be not no cherry . I ... oh , shit . boom ! Hammer be blow backward by the blast from a mine . the cameraman dive for the ground . black . the cameraman start to get up . Hammer 's body be close to the lens , face and chest tear by shrapnel . his mouth be open and he wide , dead eye stare at the camera . the cameraman scuttle away from the body . easy bend over Hammer . easy oh , Hammer , I be sorry , man . I be sorry . drewry be suddenly stand over Hammer 's body . he pick up the m - 60 . drewry he 's dead . c'mon . drewry lead the way . od and easy walk past the cameraman , look at Hammer 's body . easy drop he rifle . od pick it up . the cameraman get up and hurry after the other . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . drewry , od and easy be crouch at the base of a tree on the edge of a small , burn village . there be nothing move , just smoke curling into the sky from the burn hut . od let 's check it out . chopper will be here soon . od get up to lead the way , but easy have to help he stand . drewry lead the way , he m - 16 sling , carry Hammer 's m - 60 at the ready . they enter the village slowly and cautiously . easy drag he carbine behind he . there be body of old man and woman here and there , a few child . there be a dead chicken , a dog . drewry bend over one of the body . mortar crater pock the ground . od careful , El tee , booby trap . drewry back away from the body . the three man stick close together , carefully check each body . drewry I wonder who do this , we or they . od do it make a difference ? ( beat ) we would not leave this much stand . must be Chuck 's work . od try to walk forward by himself as drewry and easy continue check body . od keep a eye out . Chuck 's crowd we ass . od collapse . easy and drewry run over to he . drewry ( to camera ) put that thing down and give I a hand . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . a lean - to make from a poncho have be propped over od . easy watch he . easy 's tear have dry , but he be on the edge . maybe over . od I be not say all gook look the same . ( cough laugh ) it 's just ... I go to Sin City , all the gook face look like some gook I shot . you know , spooky like . ghost . od be silent a long moment . easy turn away . drewry look at easy with concern . easy how about that morphine , El tee ? drewry no , we have to keep he conscious for the chopper . easy ( joke feebly ) how about for I ? drewry smile . od that be not count the other dead man . GI 's . the one I do not kill . od jerk he head up , suddenly alert , and look at drewry . od I will be okay , El tee . do not worry about I , just keep a ear out for the chopper . easy od ? be I gonna die ? od who would want to kill a doofus ditty bopper like you ? drewry look at he watch . drewry half hour to pickup . the NVA will try something . easy Chuck be not shot he wad yet . od we better prepare , set some fire lane . you get a red smoke , El tee ? drewry no . od you pop a red smoke for a hot lz . we gotta let the chopper know Chuck 's wait , too . here . od hand drewry one of he smoke grenade . drewry look at the grenade . easy do not sweat it , El tee . Hell , what you want to do , live forever ? od try to get up . a spasm of pain run through he and he fall back down . the cameraman run over to help od . black . sound off . camera on . sound on . easy and the cameraman be inside a hut . od sit in the doorway with the m - 60 , he back to the camera . across the village , drewry be get into position with the m - 16 and car - 15 . easy how you do , od ? od can not feel my leg , but it do not hurt much if I do not move too quick . should be hearing the chopper soon . easy one good thing about the nam . you hear a chopper , you know it 's ours . there be a moment of silence . od here they come . drewry start fire . od fire . bullet rip through the hut . easy and the cameraman hit the ground . there be another sound that break through the gunfire . easy chopper ! pop smoke , El tee ! pop smoke ! drewry ready the smoke grenade , but before he can throw it another one land in the middle of the village . Green smoke . easy oh , shit ! drewry look up at the sky and run into the clear toward the green smoke grenade . od increase he fire to cover he . bullet tear up the earth around he , but drewry manage to kick the green smoke grenade away . drewry dodge for cover and throw the red smoke grenade . the sound of helicopter increase and the fire of mini - gun be hear . the helicopter fire rocket . there be sound of battle all around the village . easy crouch down , he hand over he head . the ground fire cease . there be the sound of helicopter and the mini-gun fire in spurt . the sound of helicopter be very loud . easy be cry and hugging the ground . drewry run across the village and into the hut . drewry c'mon , move it ! move it ! the chopper ! drewry manhandle easy out the door and toward a helicopter hover above the ground . the cameraman pause next to od , who fire sporadically into the jungle . od look up . od move it , troop . the cameraman follow drewry and easy . more gunfire sound . the door gunner fire into the jungle . the door gunner be hit and he slump in he retain sling . the pilot wave drewry and the other on . they get to the chopper and drewry push easy aboard . drewry look back and see od sprawle in front of the hut , try to get up . od fall . easy od ! drewry run back for od . the cameraman put down he camera inside the chopper and run after drewry . easy man the chopper machine gun and fire into the jungle . drewry and the cameraman lift od and drag he toward the chopper . od scream in pain . the cameraman be hit and fall , but he get up and continue toward the chopper . easy be scream as he fire . they reach the chopper and manhandle od inside . the cameraman be hit again and he scream . drewry step onto the skid . the cameraman be hit again and fall back , dead . the chopper lift as drewry , hang onto the skid , reach hopelessly for the cameraman . he finally climb inside . the helicopter lift out of sight of earth . only sky . black . sound off . the end