8mm " 8 mm " , by Andrew Kevin Walker eight millimeter write by Andrew Kevin Walker 5/06/97 first int . miami airport , terminal -- day amongst the weary tourist family and solitary businessman sit tom welle , middle - age , hair neat , suit crisp and gray . he 's eat cracker from a cellophane package , sip soda from a paper cup , watch a arrival gate . at the gate passengers arrive : the paunchy , gray man of first class lead the pack , except for a handsome young republican poster boy hurry along . across the terminal Welles get up and follows ... ext . miami airport , curbside -- day Welles come outside , squinting in the sun , move down the sidewalk , look back over he shoulder ... the Young Republican be lead to a wait limo by a driver . Welles move to the nearby taxi stand ... int . taxi -- day Welles get in , turn in he seat to watch behind . cab driver where to ? Welles keep watch , see the limo pull away and pass . welle follow that limousine . do not get too close , do not let it get too far away . just keep with it . cab driver you kid ? welle nope . the cab set in motion . Welles take out cigarettes , lighting one , take out a small notepad and make notation . cab driver uh , listen ... you be not suppose to be smoking in here . I be sorry , that 's company policy ... welle how about this ... every cigarette I smoke , I give you five dollar ? cab driver okay ... okay , yeah , that would be good ... ext . miami beach , " gold coast " -- day in front of a Art Deco hotel , the driver open the limousine door and the Young Republican step out . across the STREET Welles watch from inside the double - park taxicab . ext . miami beach motor lodge -- day not exactly four-star . " ad lt movie every room . " int . miami beach motor lodge -- day Welles be asleep on the bed , full dress , hand fold across he stomach , snore lightly , sweaty . int . miami beach motor lodge , restaurant -- day Welles sit alone at the bar , eat a sandwich , bored . he watch some fuzzy espn on the t.v. , look at he watch . ext . miami beach motor lodge -- day Welles walk across the parking lot , get into he rental car , start it and drive away . ext . miami beach discotheque -- night Young Republican and a gaudy woman exit the disco , music throbbing out from the door behind they . they join hand , drunk , head to the street , look for they limo . down the STREET Welles be seat in he park rental car , raise a camera with telephoto lens : whir , click , whir , click , whir , click ... Welles lower the camera , let out a yawn . int . airplane , coach -- night the familiar drone of flight . Welles be shoehorn into he aisle seat , use tiny utensil to eat he tiny meal . a older woman arrive in the aisle . Welles pick up he tray , close he tray table , unbuckle he seatbelt , struggle to get up ... finally successful , balance he tray , let the woman in to the window seat . older woman thank you . Welles nod , force a smile , sit back down . he return to toil over he miniature supper . ext . harrisburg INTERNATIONAL airport -- night Welles ' airplane roar down with a screech , landing light gleam . the airport be small , relatively isolate . title : harrisburg , Pennsylvania int . harrisburg INTERNATIONAL airport -- night passenger arrive . Welles be with they , search the few people wait in the terminal hallway . Welles smile ... Welles ' wife , amy , smile when she see he . she 's plain and pretty , hold one hand on a baby stroller beside she . Welles come to she , embrace she , appreciate she . amy welcome home . welle do you know how much I miss you ? they kiss , but Amy pull away , sniff he . amy what 's this ... have you be smoking ... ? welle smoke ? I be not smoking . amy you clothing reek of it . welle you know , Amy , I have be sit around in bar and everywhere follow this guy ... I mean , be this what I get first thing ? before you even " hello , " you accuse I ... ? amy I be not accuse you ... welle well , I be not smoking , okay ? amy okay , I believe you . welle we have be all through that . I have be on my best behavior . Welles bend to the stroller , pick up he infant daughter , cindy , and hoist she in the air , overjoy . welle hello , pumpkin-head , do you miss I ? I sure miss you ... he kiss the happy child , hold she in one arm . welle let 's get my bag and get the hell out of here . Welles pull Amy close and kiss she again , lead the way . Amy follow , push the stroller . amy how 's the detective business ? welle Business be fine . I will tell you what , you could not pay I enough to live down there . amy you better not be smoking , that 's all I can say . welle honey , I be not , please ... Amy take Welles hand , smile at he . int . welle ' house , bedroom -- night Welles and Amy make love in the darkness . Standard , missionary position sex , little passion . they slow to a finish , uneventfully , hold each other . they breathe quiet . they daughter cindy can be heard crying elsewhere . Welles kiss he wife again , roll off of she and sit on the edge of the bed . Amy cover herself . amy I love you . welle I love you . he look towards she in the dark . he get up , get a towel from the bathroom and wrap it around he . int . welle ' house , baby room -- night Cindy 's cry . Welles enter , go to lean into the crib . welle what 's all the trouble , cinderella ? what be you cry about , huh ? he lift and cradle Cindy , comforting she . ext . harrisburg cityscape -- establishing -- day a small city of moderate architecture face the susquehanna . int . office -- day a old money office with window over the river . a well - to - do politician look unhappily through photo on he desk . Welles sit by the Pennsylvania state flag , watch . photo show the Young Republican and gaudy woman in Miami : leave the Art Deco hotel , the discotheque , a restaurant ... welle you son - in - law deal with the dry clean franchise during the day , see that woman every night . ( clear he throat ) the specifics be in the report , and information about the woman . it 's unpleasant , I know . I apologize ... politician none too discreet , be he ? welle no , sir , he be not . politician he 's a imbecile . I try to warn my daughter , but what can you do ? the politician shake he head in disgust . Welles rise . welle the um ... you will find my invoice in the envelope . if that 's all ... politician yes , mister Welles , thank you . welle certainly , Senator . if I can ever be of further assistance . Welles leave , glance back , shut the door . ext . harrisburg street -- day Welles drive he plain Ford past the capital build . ext . harrisburg , bridge -- day Welles ' car cross the susquehanna , leave the city . ext . welle ' house , backyard -- day sunny day . Welles wear tan khakis , T-shirt and fishing cap , mow he lawn with he roaring lawnmower . Welles ' yard be modest , surround he modest split level suburban one in a neighborhood of similar home and similar yard . Welles turn the lawnmower , stop to mop he brow . one of he neighbor be repaint a back porch . the neighbor wave . Welles wave , resume mow . int . bowling alley -- night music' loud . League night . every lane full . Welles be with he team in bowling shirt . Welles hoist he ball , prepare to bowl . he take three step , release ... down the lane , pin scatter . one pin remain stand . Welles ball up he fist and curse , walk back towards he rowdy , mock teammate . he shout back at they , laugh , grab he beer and drink , wait at the ball return . int . welle ' house , kitchen -- night dinner . Welles and Amy eat at the kitchen table with Cindy in a high chair . Amy feed Cindy between bite . Welles be still in he league shirt . amy you think you will have time for the water heater this weekend ? welle sure . I will call the guy . amy you be not use the same guy who try to fix it ? welle I be not use he again for anything . he be worthless . ( eat ) you have bridge here Saturday ? amy Betty 's out of town so we be play next week . Welles nod , eat . he watch Amy feed Cindy . the phone start ringing . Welles go to answer it . welle ( into phone ) hello . yes ... could you hold on a minute ...? Welles hand the phone to Amy , pat Cindy 's head as he head downstairs , through the live room ... int . welle ' house , office -- night Welles enter he well keep office , turn on a light at the desk . the room be fill with file cabinet and shelf of book , hundred of phone book and a copy machine . Welles pick up the phone and cup the receiver . welle ( shout upstairs ) okay , I have get it . ( into phone ) hello ... sorry , I be switch phone . it 's a pleasure to make you acquaintance , Mrs. Christian . ( listen ) yes . yes , I understand ... tomorrow evening should be fine ... Welles listen , clear space on he desk , take note . ext . christian compound -- dusk a huge old world mansion be situate at the center of acre of Pennsylvania forest and vast garden . Welles ' car head down a long tree line drive , to the dark mansion . int . christian house , hallway -- night Welles follow a butler down a long hall . int . christian house , library -- night the butler show Welles in , shut the door . tower shelve of book be service by ladder . Far across the room , a old , sad woman , mrs . christian , sit wait with a tall , thin , sinister ghoul of a lawyer . mrs christian mister Welles . you be very prompt . welle I try to be . Welles cross towards they . it take a while . mrs christian I appreciate you come on such short notice . Mrs. Christian hold out she hand and Welles take it . mrs christian this be mister longdale , my late husband 's attorney . Welles shake longdale 's limp hand , look he over . welle uh huh , pleasure . mrs christian apparently Mr. longdale have something he feel he simply must say before you and I speak . longdale yes , I do have something to say . I insisted on be here as soon as I hear Mrs. Christian contact you . welle I be listen . longdale as Mr. Christian 's attorney and one of the executor of he estate , it concern I that a meeting of this sort should take place without my be ask to attend . welle of what sort ? longdale you be a private investigator ? welle that 's right . longdale well , whatever reason Mrs. Christian have for engage the service of a private investigator , I should certainly be a party to . but , since she feel differently , I can only go on the record as have express my adamant disapproval . mrs christian yes , how theatrical . so you have go on the record , and now perhaps you should just be go . longdale 's irritate , but have no choice . he walk away . mrs christian have a pleasant evening . ( to Welles ) will you have tea , mister Welles ? welle thank you . Mrs. Christian begin pour tea from the service on a table . Welles watch longdale exit . welle he 's odd . mrs christian he 's a lawyer . ( offer tea ) please , sit , here ... Welles accept a dainty tea cup and saucer , take a seat . mrs christian I have speak to friend of mine and my husband 's , in harrisburg , in lancaster and hershey . ask about you . I must say you have friend in influential place . welle I have be privileged to provide service for people I admire . mrs christian you be highly recommend . praise for you discretion ... you strict adherence to confidentiality . Welles nod , sip tea . mrs christian as you know , my husband pass away recently . two week ago now . welle my condolence . mrs christian his pass have leave I with ... something of a dilemma . a terrible , terrible dilemma . welle I will do whatever I can to help . Mrs. Christian study Welles . int . christian house , mr christian' office -- night Mrs. Christian and Welles enter . this office have be live in for a lifetime . giant desk . american flag . wall cover in old b+w photograph and achievement . a large , baked enamel sign nail up , " christian steel . " mrs christian his inner sanctum . Welles look up at the oil painting over the fireplace : mr. christian , a powerful , old man , pose with a dark , teeming , industrial landscape behind he . mrs christian not many people have be inside this room . Welles examine photo of Mr. Christian visit various steel plant , coal mine and ground - break ceremony , shaking hand with workmen , with politician . welle Pittsburgh ? mrs christian mostly . that 's where he start he empire building . ( look up at portrait ) he be a good man . notorious as a eccentric , but that be something he cultivate . he want to be legendary . welle he succeed . mrs christian we be marry forty - five year . hard even for I to imagine . we have we trouble . there be plenty of place for he to be other than here , but he be always loyal to I , and I to he . I love he deeply . Welles wait . mrs christian do you carry a gun , Mr. Welles ? welle I wear a gun when I can tell a client expect I to . other than that , there 's never any reason . mrs christian just curious . Mrs. Christian cross to take down a picture , revealing a wall safe . the safe be ajar , burnt and scar , break into . mrs christian my husband be the only one with the combination to this safe . I know about it , but as far as I be concerned it be none of my business . not till now , that be . welle you hire someone to open it . I will bet the lawyer love that . mrs christian there be nothing he could do . my husband leave everything to I . ( look at safe ) I prevent anyone from see the content . I feel this be my husband 's private thing . I do not ... I do not realize ... welle do you want to tell I what you find ? mrs christian Cash , stock certificate , and this ... she take something from she pocket , put it on the desk : a plastic bag contain a short 8 mm film on a plastic reel . mrs christian it 's a film ... of a girl be murder . welle I be afraid I do not ... mrs christian this be a movie show a girl be murder . she 's sit on a bed , and a man rape she ... and he begin to cut she with a knife ... ( pause ) I only watch what I could . Welles pick up the film , look at it . mrs christian I do not know what to think . I can not tell you how horrible it 's be , to know this belong to my husband . to know that he watch this ... this atrocity . but , I can not go to the police ... welle Mrs. Christian ... please , will you sit down a moment ? ( lead she to a chair ) I want you to listen carefully . what you be talk about be a " snuff film . " but , from what I know , snuff film be a kind of ... urban myth . like , red light district folklore . there 's no such thing , I can assure you . Mrs. Christian shake she head . welle please , believe I . this be probably a stag film . simulate rape . hard to stomach , and it might seem real , but there be way of make it look realistic ... fake blood and special effect ... mrs christian no . welle if you be to study it you would see the camera cut away ... you would see the trick they can play ... mrs christian I be tell you it 's not that . welle I be sure it be . ( smile ) it 's probably something you husband be give as a bad joke . more than likely he never even watch it . mrs christian will you watch it and see for yourself ? welle of course . but , I be certain it 's nothing to worry about . int . christian house , dine room -- night a 8mm projector face a wall . Welles look back to Mrs. Christian in the doorway . Mrs. Christian leave , shut the door . darkness . Welles turn on the projector and sit . the projector clatter , shoot bright image ... on the wall : flash frame , over exposure , then ... the grainy film be hand held , constantly in motion , show a skinny girl , 16 or 17 , in a negligee , sit on a bed in a nondescript room with little furniture . look like a hotel room . we only ever see three wall . the once beautiful girl look wear , drugge , dark circle under she eye , stare blankly . the camera' tungsten spotlight cast long , shifting shadow as the camera move , but the girl still stare oblivious . the bed be wrap in plastic and duct tape . the floor be cover by plastic sheeting ... Welles watch , crossing he arm , already uncomfortable . on the wall : a door open behind the girl , look like a bathroom , and a masked man enter . the masked man wear a garish , mexican wrestling mask with eye hole and a mouth . the mask cover he entire head . he 's naked except for red short , he body scrawny , oile , pale . the man go to stand in front of the girl . he seem to be say something to she , but the film be silent and the only SOUND be the projector' loud sprocket hole clatter . it 's all one long take . the camera move to favor the girl ... Welles sit straight in he chair , wary . on the wall : masked man raise he open hand and slap the girl , knock she back on the bed ... Welles grimace . on the wall : masked man pull the girl back to a seat position . the girl 's like a rag doll , face reddene , eye close , but she remain upright . masked man use he thumb to open she unsee eye . he touch she mouth with he finger , press he lip to hers . then , masked man back away , leave frame , till the camera move to find masked man stand at a table with three large bowie knife laid out . masked man run he finger over the blade ... Welles rise slowly , still watch . on the wall : masked man select a huge bowie knife and move back towards the girl ... Welles cross he arm tight , disbely , fearful . we will never see what happens next in the film , but Welles do . in the flicker , reflect light , Welles back involuntarily away from the horrible image , hold he fist to he mouth , breathe hard . Welles keep back away , till he 's back against a wall . the projector' clatter . Welles be sicken , sweat , still watch , till he finally shut he eye . int . christian house , adjoining room -- night silence . Mrs. Christian sit wait , troubled . the door to the dining room open and Welles enter from the dark , visibly shake . Mrs. Christian watch he , she sorrow now share . welle you ... you need to go to the police . mrs christian I tell you I can not , not yet . welle you do not have any other choice . mrs christian ( stand , shake she head ) no . for I to live with the ruin of my husband 's name , I need know that whoever do this will be punish . if you can find they , I will take they name to the police . I will say my husband confess on he death bed . I will say I do not have courage to come forward at first ... welle it will not work like that . mrs christian any evidence you collect can be give to the police later , anonymously . I have think about it and there 's no other way . if you can not find they ... if the only thing that come from this film be that this be all my husband will be remember for , well I can not let that happen . I be tell you I will not . if there 's no chance that poor girl 's memory can be serve , then I will just have to spend my last day try to forget she . Welles sit , rest he head in he hand . welle I deal in divorce case . corporate investigation ... mrs christian you have find miss person before . welle nothing remotely like this . mrs christian I know what I be ask . you compensation will be appropriate to the risk . you will need cash to buy information , and I will provide it . ( pause ) I feel responsible , Mr. Welles . ( pause ) you see what he do to she . Welles stand , tear apart and uncertain , look back to the dining room where the projector sit idle . int . welle ' house , baby room -- night Cindy be sound asleep in she crib . Welles be seat near , stare at he sleep child . int . welle ' house , bedroom -- night Welles dig in pile of shoeboxe and book on the floor of he cluttere closet , find what he want : a lock BOX . int . welle ' house , kitchen -- night Welles twist the lock box dial 's combination , open the box to reveal he gun , holster and cleaning supplies . Welles take out the gun , clean it . Amy watch . welle this be the mortgage . this be Cindy 's college money . amy I understand . welle sometimes you can not know what I be do . it 's better that way . amy I know . welle it 's a miss person case ... a long shot . I will give it two month , two month at most , then I will be back . we will take a vacation . amy why the gun ? welle I be not gonna need it . I will not even wear it . it 's a precaution . ( clean gun ) do not worry about I . int . welle ' house , office -- night Welles look through one file cabinet . he pull out a file . it contain all sort of police artist sketch . Welles find one of a teenage girl with dark hair , look at it . Welles position the sketch on he copy machine , hit copy . ext . welle ' house , driveway -- morning Welles load box and a suitcase into he car 's back seat . Welles put the lock box in the car 's trunk , in a hide place beside the spare tire . he place a brown briefcase on top , cover they both with carpet . he close the trunk . ext . pennsylvania turnpike -- morning Little traffic . Welles ' Ford race down the highway . ext . cleveland cityscape -- establishing -- day City skyline , overcast . look like rain . title : Cleveland , Ohio ext . cleveland street -- day Welles ' car move slowly in a not-so- great neighborhood . Welles lean forward , peer through the windshield ... a apartment build be crooked sign list " weekly rate . " int . welle ' room , cleveland -- day dingy room . Welles lock the door , put the chain on . his suitcase and box be on the bed . he begin unpack , take a photo enlarger from one box and a 8 mm projector . int . welle ' room , bathroom -- day the developer 's on the toilet . developing pan be on the floor , developer bath , stop bath and fix bath , with bottle of chemicals and package of photo paper . Welles use tape and aluminum foil to black - out a window . int . welle ' room -- day pizza box on the bedside table . Welles ' suit hang in the closet . Welles sit face a small reel to reel on a desk . he wear white glove , handle the 8 mm film , careful to hold it by the edge , hold it up to the light , squinting . Welles put in a magnify eyepiece , lean close ... welle ' p.o.v. through magnifying lens : study the first few inch of expose film , come upon tiny letter print just below the sprocket hole : " supralux 544 . " int . welle ' room , bathroom -- day red bulb in the light socket . Welles thread the 8 mm film into he enlarger , still in white glove . he flick the enlarger on , project a sideways image down onto the enlarger 's baseboard , focus ... it 's the girl sit on the bed , early in the snuff film . Welles make a adjustment to the enlarger 's lens ; frame tighter on the girl 's face , refocusing . int . welle ' room -- night Welles come out of the makeshift darkroom , hold a photo of the girl . he prop the photo up on a dresser , stand look at it . sad girl , stare forward . Welles go to pick up he cellular phone , dial . welle ( into phone ) hello , honey , it 's I . ( listen ) I be fine , how be you ? Welles listen . he turn to look at the girl 's photo . fade to black : ext . office build , missing person archive -- day nondescript . " U.S. resource Center for miss person . " int . missing person archive , office -- day small . cubicle . employee work phone and computer . bulletin board be cover in family photo , Polaroid and familiar " have you see I ? " miss person / child poster . in one cubicle , Welles open he billfold , show he identification : a laminate " licensed investigator , commonwealth of Pennsylvania " , with welle ' photo ... the director of the center , a tired look official in bifocal , study the card . Welles sit . director what can I do for you , Mr. Welles ? welle call I Tom . director alright , Tom . welle what I would like , very simply , be access to you archive . and , now I understand this be not something you normally do for private citizen ... director there be reason for the way we do thing here . welle absolutely . of course I will abide by whatever decision you make , but I would appreciate if you will hear I out ... the director sit back in he chair . welle few day ago , I be contact by a couple live in Philadelphia , a doctor and he wife . what happen be they pick up a young girl hitchhike off 81 , which head into Philadelphia , start up a conversation with this girl , she look homeless , seem about eighteen maybe . they convinced she to let they buy she a meal in the city . Nice kid , mature , do not have much to say , but they get a sense she 's a runaway , so all through dinner the doctor 's work on she , try to convince she that at the very least she should pick up a telephone . not surprisingly , she eat she food , excuse herself ... ( snap finger ) that 's the last they see she . the reason they come to I for help , the reason I be come to you , be we have a friend of mine in the department work up a sketch ... ( show the police artist sketch he photocopy ) they want to see if I can i.d. this girl , somehow pass along a message to let the parent know the kid 's alive , do alright . director why not go to the n.c.i.c. or n.c.m.e.c .? welle I figure you share information . director we do . welle for whatever reason I think you might be more receptive . director why do not they come to I ? welle this doctor and wife , they be nice people , but they do not want to get too involved . they be not try to have the parent come look for the girl either . you and I both know sometimes , not often , but sometimes there 's real reason why a kid will run . molestation , whatever . besides that , the girl 's probably eighteen , so she 's legal . director I be not so sure about this . welle they be put themselves in place of this kid 's parent and think they would want to hear they girl 's okay , even if that 's all they hear . director I can give you my card , if you client want to call I ... Welles accept a card , disappointed . welle they be pretty clear they do not want this come back on they . director well , that 's all I can do . sorry . Welles look at the director , stand , hang he head . welle who know ... maybe she 's already give she parent a call , right ? Welles leave . ext . office build , missing person archive -- day Welles come out the front door , piss . welle fuck . he tear the card in half and drop it as he head for he car . after a moment , the director come out after he ... director Excuse I ... Tom , hold on ... Welles look back , walk back , glance down ... make sure he stand on the tear card , hide it underfoot . director listen , maybe I can help after all . why do not you come on back in ... we will see what we can do . int . missing person archive , file room -- day director lead Welles into this research room , a small library with long table , old computer , lot of file cabinet and card catalog . secretaries tend to the file . director this be it . it 's not much . ( point at computer ) we have get less than five percent on computer and we lose that funding in December . I will have someone show it to you anyway . other than that , I be afraid it 's the wet thumb method . Welles look to the many , many file drawer . director file be mostly by state and year of disappearance . we try to keep the child and adult separate . no eat or smoking in here , but there 's a coffee machine in the hall . welle any good ? director it 's horrible , but it will be you best friend after a few day . I hope you realize what kind of long shot you be chase after . welle you be gonna be see a lot of I . you be sure you do not mind ? director it 's good what you be do . the director put out he hand . Welles look , shake . int . missing person archive , file room -- day -- montage on a computer screen : file open and close -- picture after picture of a missing child , mostly teenager , each with physical description , age , date of disappearance , etc . lose soul , although this be pose portrait , high school yearbook photo and vacation photo , so the child be mostly smile , happy and healthy . but , all " missing . " Welles work the computer keyboard and mouse ... on the screen : the face of teenager , boy and girl , one after the other , missing ... missing ... missing ... int . cleveland public library -- day -- montage Welles search the shelve of the library . he begin take down various book ... " motion picture photography . " " Film stock and physical characteristics . " " Super 8 filmmake . " int . cleveland public library -- later -- montage in Welles ' notepad : " supralux 544 . " Welles sit paging through technical photography book . int . welle ' room -- night -- montage Welles have the 8 mm film thread through the projector . he turn the clatter projector on and sit , watch . on the wall : flash frame , then ... the skinny girl in a negligee , sit on the bed . the camera' spotlight cast long shadow . the girl stare , oblivious ... on the wall : a door open behind the girl , look like a bathroom , and the masked man enter , wear the ghastly wrestling mask . the man go to stand in front of the girl . he seem to be say something . the film halt . Welles sit forward , hand on the projector . he 's see something . he plays the film in reverse ... on the wall : the masked man walk backwards , away from the girl , backwards into the bathroom , door shutting ... Welles stop the projector , not take he eye from the image . he advance the film frame by frame ... frame by frame ... as the bathroom door open , and the masked man enter ... frame by frame ... as the masked man move forward ... door close behind he ... stop ... freeze frame : a third man be reflect in the bathroom mirror . grainy and blurred , but he 's in the room with the girl , stand there , capture in the mirror in this one brief instant just before the bathroom door close . Welles walk to take a closer look , study the almost ethereal image of the third man . ext . cleveland STREET corner -- day -- montage Welles be in a phone booth , feed many quarter into the phone , wait , look at he notepad . welle ( into phone ) hello , Mrs. Christian ? Tom Welles . here 's where we stand . I check the film stock and it 's call supra - lux 544 . the company that make that stock discontinue it in ' 92 ... ( listen ) yeah , about five or six year ago . anyway , do what you can to dig up you husband 's old financial record , look for anything out of the ordinary ... int . missing person archive , file room -- day -- montage Welles be back at the computer , alone , drink coffee . on the computer : endless photo of missing child . the phone call continue in voice over : welle ( v.o. , cont ) nobody really use eight millimeter film anymore , so we can assume there be reason we guy do . first , they could develop it themselves if they have any sort of expertise . obviously , this be not the kind of movie you can just drop off at the one-hour photo ... int . welle ' room -- night -- montage Welles just stand , stare at the photo of the girl . welle ( v.o. , cont ) second , the film that go through the camera be what we have get . there 's no negative . unlike video , it be not mean to be duplicate . no reason for they to risk have more than one copy of they murder float around ... int . cleveland bar -- night -- montage local bar . Welles sit drink with the archive 's director , talk , smile at something the director say . welle ( v.o. , cont ) there do not see to be many fingerprint on the film itself , but I be go to have to be careful to leave they intact ... int . missing person archive , file room -- day -- montage Welles be tired , unshaven . he 's move on to the physical file , at one table , look through hundred of missing person bulletins . secretaries tend to other file . welle ( v.o. , cont ) it 's okay for yours and you husband fingerprint to be on the film , but you will have to use I as a middleman if you go to the police . that way I do not have to explain why my print be on it ... int . welle ' room -- day -- montage Welles sit with the projector on , watch the film again . welle ( v.o. , cont ) there be three man . two be obvious ; the man in the mask and the man run the camera , but I catch a glimpse of a third man in a mirror . it 's nothing that can be use for identification , but he be there , watch ... on the wall : masked man touch the girl 's mouth , press he lip to hers . masked man back away , leave frame , till the camera move to find masked man stand at a table with three large bowie knife laid out ... Welles notice something , put the projector on freeze frame . welle ( v.o. , cont ) so , there be three . they would have keep it small , would not have let anyone in on it they do not have to . that 's all for now ... except , I feel I should tell you ... with this look like it happen at least five or six year ago ... Welles walk to the freeze image on the wall . it show the masked man 's hand in frame , finger the blade . welle ( v.o. , cont ) well , it 's not very likely we will ever find out who this girl be . ( listen ) I will , I will keep try . Goodbye . v.o. phone call end with the SOUND of the phone hanging up . on the wall : there 's a dark spot on masked man 's hand , on the arch between he index finger and thumb . grainy and hard to make out , but look like a small tattoo . int . welle room , bathroom -- night -- end montage Welles have the 8 mm film thread into he photo enlarger , project the image we just see down onto the baseboard . he re-frame , closer on the mask man 's hand , refocusing ... the black spot be a little clearer , look like a small STAR tattoo on the back of masked man 's hand . int . missing person archive , file room -- day Welles sit hunch over the card catalog , still unshaven , drink coffee , flipping through smaller picture of missing child in one drawer , one by one by one ... Welles roll he neck . he look to see the archive 's director in the doorway . the director nod , leave . Welles get back to it , stoop over the catalog . fade to black : title card : three week later ext . office build , missing person archive -- day in the lot , Welles get wearily from he car , smoking . he toss the cigarette , get a thermos off the front seat . int . missing person archive , file room -- day Welles pull out a card catalog drawer label " North Carolina 1992 , " flipping through picture card . the face of teenager : a happy boy with blue eye ... a red head girl with freckle ... a ruddy face boy ... a pretty girl with a ribbon in she hair ... a black girl in a pink dress ... a blonde haire boy with curly hair ... Welles furrow he brow . he backtrack to the pretty girl with the ribbon in she hair . Welles sit straight . he reach into he pocket , hand shaking a little , take out and unfold the photo he print of the girl from the snuff film . it 's she . Welles compare the two picture . she 's prettier in the card catalog photo , but it 's she . Welles can not believe it , look around . secretaries at other file do not even know he 's there . Welles pull out he notepad , scribbling down information off the card ... write the girl 's name : " Mary Anne matthews . " ext . interstate highway -- night Welles , car race past , alone on the dark freeway . ext . fayetteville cityscape -- establishing -- day another small city . Blue sky above . title : Fayetteville , North Carolina ext . public library -- establishing -- day suburban library . kid play hop-scotch in the parking lot . int . fayetteville library , microfiche room -- day Welles work the microfiche machine , scrolling through old issue of the local newspaper , find a article headline " search continue for local Teen . " there 's a picture of the girl , Mary Anne mathews ; the same picture Welles find in the miss person Archive . Welles read the article , write on a legal pad . time CUT : newsprint scroll past on the microfiche machine , till ... " no lead in girl 's disappearance . " same picture . the date at the top : " July 12 , 1992 . " time CUT : newsprint blur past ... stop on a page of obituaries . top of the page : " September 4 , 1993 . " close on : " mathews , Robert Steven , 1948-1993 . " " Dead in a apparent suicide , Robert mathews be discover yesterday morning in the basement of ... " ext . mathews house , fayetteville suburb -- day a tree-line street of poor , boxy home . Welles ' car park in front of one house with a neglect lawn . in the car Welles , clean shaven , pick a clipboard with a file folder and he legal pad on it , thumb page . he drum he finger , open the glove compartment , pull out the car 's registration , other papers and " jiffy - lube " service report , use they to pad the file . Welles take a bottle of cologne from he pocket . he consider it , open the bottle , apply cologne to he neck . ext . mathews house , front porch -- day Welles knock , clipboard in hand . a sad , middle - age woman answer , mrs . mathews , look through the screen door . mrs mathews yes ... ? welle ( smile ) hello , Mrs. mathews , my name 's Thomas Jones , I be a state license investigator ... Welles hold up he identification only long enough for Mrs. mathews to see it look official . welle I have be hire as a independent contractor by the U.S. resource Center for miss person as part of a internal audit . if you have any time over the next few day , I would like to make a appointment to ask some question about the disappearance of you daughter . mrs mathews I do not understand , who be ... ? welle I be sorry , let I explain , the r.c.m.p. be a support organization and archive , not unlike the Center for miss and exploited Children in Washington . I be sure you have deal with they before ? mrs mathews yes , but ... welle this volunteer organization be sort of interconnected , function hand in hand with law enforcement . the r.c.m.p. bring I in to review they investigation ... ( hold up clipboard ) ... fact - check they record , see if there 's anything they miss , anything they should be do different . I be here for a few day , before I head back up to Virginia . this report go to the justice Department eventually . I speak to you f.b.i. contact a few day ago , uh ... Welles pretend to look for the name on a jiffy lube page ... welle what be the name ... ? I have get it here somewhere ... mrs mathews Neil ... Neil Cole . welle ( pretend he find it ) right , agent Cole tell I he would call and let you know to expect I . he do not call ? mrs mathews no . welle ( look on legal pad ) well , I be follow up on you daughter , Mary , height ; five four , weight ; hundred ten pound , brown eye , blonde hair . bear April 24 , 1976 . miss June 11th , 1992 . a runaway , that 's how she 's list . be this information correct ... ? Mrs. mathews stare , nod . welle I be sorry , I know this be not easy . be there a more convenient time ... ? ( look at watch ) can I buy you lunch , would that be alright ? Mrs. mathews look he up and down . ext . dairy queen restaurant -- day Welles and Mrs. mathews eat at a picnic table on the patio . welle it 's very important you do not let this raise you expectation . it 's not go to effect any ongoing effort . all I be say be , please know , I be not here to create any false hope . mrs mathews they hire you . you be like , a private detective ? welle that 's exactly what I be . Mrs. mathews chew , stare off into the distance . mrs mathews I do not think there be private detective anymore , except on tv . welle you probably expect I to be wear a trench coat and a hat . drink whiskey , chase woman and get beat up by guy with break nose . want to know what it 's really like ? it 's sit in a car and stare at a hotel window for three day straight , pissing in a plastic bottle , pardon I , because some guy think he wife 's cheating on he . glamorous , huh ? and the guy who hire you , he have a hair-lip , dandruff and crooked tooth , and you could have tell he the minute you laid eye on he he wife 's cheating , and you do not blame she . Mrs. mathews smile . welle it 's refresh to actually sit down and meet someone face to face , someone nice like you . Welles smile . Mrs. mathews take out a cigarette . Welles light she , join she in smoking , refer to he clipboard . welle so , she do not leave a note ? she never give any indication where she might go , before she leave ? mrs mathews no . welle she just seem ... depressed ... ? mrs mathews she do not seem herself . for month there never be any way to get she to talk about it . one night we go to bed ... the next morning she be go . she take some clothes . welle what be she run from ? mrs mathews I do not know . welle if there 's anything you feel uncomfortable talk about , tell I , but I have to ask . you husband ... he commit suicide ? mrs mathews yes . welle September 4th , 1993 . about a year after Mary disappear . mrs mathews we be divorced by then . thing fall apart ... he be live with a friend ... welle why do you think he do it ? mrs mathews it get to be too much for he . welle you have to forgive I , but in this circumstance ... with you daughter ... ( pause ) be there any indication of ... any sort of abuse ? mrs mathews there be not anything like that . the police and the FBI people ask , but there be not anything happen like that , never . my husband ... he heart break when Mary leave ... welle I do not mean to ... mrs mathews you try go through what we do . Bob could not take it , that 's all . Christ , there 's time when it still seem like I can not either . welle I have to ask . I apologize . mrs mathews no one know what it 's like . you can not even imagine how much it hurt . Welles be miserable . a few customer walk past , look at Mrs. mathews . she try not to notice then notice . mrs mathews people remember I from the news . ( pause ) can you drive I back now ? welle of course . int . mathews house , mary room -- day Mrs. mathews enter . Welles follow . this be the girl 's room , exactly as she leave it -- poster of actor on the wall , many stuffed animal on the pink sheet of the carefully make bed . perfectly preserve . mrs mathews this be she room . Welles look around , uncomfortable . shelves have picture of mary with female friend , a collection of ceramic figurine of clowns and animal . mrs mathews the police make a wreck of it , but I put it back exactly how it be . just how she like it . Welles take a few step into the room , look down at a desk where there be six brightly wrap gift . mrs mathews that be for she birthday . one for every year she 's miss . they will be wait for she when she come back . Welles be nearly overwhelm by sadness , struggle to hide it . he back to the door , look at he watch ... welle I ... I should not take anymore of you time . maybe we can finish tomorrow . I will call tomorrow ... mrs mathews okay . ext . mathews house -- day Welles escape to he car , climb in . he start it up ... in the car Welles drive , tear welling up in he eye . he have to pull over and park , wiping he tear , fight for composure . int . welle ' room -- night Welles have unpack . he 's on the bed , on he cellular ... welle ( into phone ) you should be able to take a shower and still have hot water leave , honey . ( listen ) call he back and tell he I say so . the goddamn thing 's still under warranty . ( listen ) I be okay . it 's hard here . it 's hard . ( listen ) I have get a lead I have to follow through . to be honest , I do not think I be go to get very far . I miss you . I love you . int . mathews house , kitchen -- morning Welles sit at the kitchen table . Mrs. mathews make coffee . the home 's decor be cheap and flowery . mrs mathews we be not religious . we never force religion down she throat , like I have see some parent do to they kid . we never make she go to church . but , after Mary be go , that 's when I get religious . Mrs. mathews bring two cup of coffee , sit . mrs mathews do not make much sense , do it ? when everything 's happy , when life 's fine and you have every reason to believe there 's a God , you do not bother . then , something horrible happen ... that 's when you start praying all the time . that 's when you start go to church . welle we be all like that . mrs mathews be you religious ? welle no . mrs mathews you should be . Mrs. mathews drink coffee , stare into the cup . welle I have get what I need for my report . there be ... there be one thing that bother I though . mrs mathews what ? welle it 's not really my place , but it 's not easy for I to set aside the private detective part of I either . see , I know a little about miss person . when kid run , they almost always leave a note . it 's guilt . they want to say goodbye . mrs mathews there be not one . the police look . welle do you think the police do a good job ? mrs mathews I do not know . I think so . welle it be possible ... and I know this be not something you want to hear . you daughter may have try to hide a note where she think you would eventually find it , but where she know you husband would never find it . she might have want to tell you something ... mrs mathews no . you do not have any reason to think that ... welle if the police focus they search in she room , she belonging , well that would be only natural , but they may have be look in the wrong place . Mrs. mathews be get upset . mrs mathews how ... how can you say that to I ...? welle will you let I look ? mrs mathews my husband never laid a hand on she . she would have tell I ... she would have tell I ... welle you be probably right , and I probably will not find anything . I do not have a right to ask this , and you can kick I out of you house if you want , but this be my profession and there 's a part of I that can not let it go . Police be just as human as you or I . they could have miss something . they probably do not . ( pause ) would not you rather know ? Mrs. mathews think about it , torture , shake she head sadly . mrs mathews go ahead and look if you want . I do not care what you do . Mrs. mathews get up and walk out of the room . int . mathews house -- search montage -- day - in mrs . mathews ' bedroom , Welles look through dresser drawer , methodically , replace everything as it be ... search hat box and shoe box in a closet ... take book off shelve , fan the page , shaking they out ... - in a bathroom , Welles examine the content of a medicine cabinet , examine old prescription bottle ... open cabinet under the sink ... - in the live room , Mrs. mathews sit slump in a chair , stare at a soap opera on television , a bottle of scotch on tv tray beside she , drink in hand . - in the kitchen , Welles stand on a chair , search high cabinet ... look through low cabinet , on he knee , pull out pot and pan ... fan the page of cook book ... - Welles stand in the doorway of mary room , just stare . he take a few step back into the hallway , look up at the ceiling . there 's a attic door there . Welles reach to the door 's handle , open it , unfold the portable stair ... - in the small attic , Welles use a penlight flashlight , crouch under the low ceiling , look through dusty box of photograph ; old photo of a wedding , of grandparent ... Welles move to pull back dusty sheet , find a large wicker basket and break bicycle underneath ... Welles open the basket , take out blanket and quilt in mothball . he find a wide velvet BOX , take it out , open its hinge lid to reveal a set of good silverware . he touch the tarnish silverware , lift out the top tray . underneath , rest on top of more silverware , be a diary . Welles open the diary , find write : " Mary Anne mathews . " Welles turn page . the diary be about half - full of feminine , cursive handwrite . after the last write page , a page have be torn out . Welles finger the rag edge , flip through the blank page till he come to the very last page , a goodbye note . Welles sit and read ... mary voice ( v.o. ) ( emotionless monotone ) " dear mom . if you be read this , it mean I call you from Hollywood , California and tell you where to find my diary . I do not think I will be able to tell you this when I talk to you , so I be write it down here . you know I have not be happy for a long , long time . for a long time now dad 's be do thing I could not tell you . he 's be touch I and it 's get worse . I can not stay anymore . I know you and I have not always get along sometimes , but please do not blame yourself . there be not anything you can do . I be go to make a whole new life in California . maybe someday you will see I on tv or in magazine . do not worry about I . Love , Mary Anne . " int . mathews house , hallway outside mary room -- day Welles shut the attic door , take the diary from he pocket , hide it in he waistband at the small of he back . int . mathews house , live room -- day Welles enter . Mrs. mathews look up from the tv . welle you be right . ( pause ) I do not find anything . I be go to run and get something to eat . be you hungry ? mrs mathews yes . int . copy shop -- late day Welles use a self - serve copy machine , flatten the diary on the glass , photocopy the diary as quickly as he can . int . mathews house , live room -- night Welles sit pick at fast food in front of he . Mrs. mathews ' food be not even unwrapped . she 's numb from she drink , watch a game show , smoking . welle do you ever consider ... do you realize that Mary may never come back ? Mrs. mathews look to Welles , look back at the tv . mrs mathews I think about it everyday . but , every time the phone ring ... every single time , I still think it 's she . welle it 's be six year . mrs mathews what be I suppose to do ? forget she ? time heal all wound , right ? ( misery building ) she 's all I think about , and I have learn to live with that . but , you want the truth ... the real truth ? if I have a choice ... if I have to choose , between she be out there , live a good life and be happy , and I not know ; never find out what happen to she ... ( pause ) ... or she be dead and I know ... ( pause ) I would choose to know . Mrs. mathews stare into the tv , wipe tear . Welles take a deep breath and hold it . he watch she a long moment , motionless . finally he stand , voice unsteady . welle Excuse I , I have to use you bathroom . int . mathews house , hallway outside mary room -- night Welles come to the attic door , quietly pull it open . int . mathews house , attic -- night Welles use he penlight , dig out the diary from the hide place in he waistband , replace it in the box of silverware , close the box . int . mathews house , mary room -- night Welles enter , take a picture frame off one shelf , open the back and take out the photo of mary from inside . int . mathews house , live room -- night Mrs. mathews still gaze into the tv . Welles pass the doorway , not look in , head to the front door , open the door and walk out ... Mrs. mathews do not even notice , do not look up . ext . mathews house -- night Welles cross the front lawn , not look back , head to the street , get into he car , start he car , do a U -turn , drive away down the street . ext . fayetteville airport , long term parking -- morning Welles ' box of belonging be pile in the back seat of he car . Welles cover they with a blanket , shut the door . Welles open the trunk of he car , pull back the carpete . he open the brown briefcase . the briefcase be full of cash , about $ 10,000 , twenty and fifty in bundle . Welles transfer half the money into a carry - on bag , shut the briefcase , cover it , close the trunk . int . airplane , coach -- night -- montage the cabin 's half - full , dark . passenger sleep . under the only illuminate read light , Welles read the photocopied diary . mary voice be a again a flat monotone ... mary voice ( v.o. ) ( as Welles read ) " dear diary . I have a big math test tomorrow . I have to get better grade . how come everybody do better than I ? Kathy do not even study and she get B 's . two boy get in a fight after school today . one boy knock the other boy 's tooth out , at least that 's what it look like . his nose and mouth be bleed all over the place ... " ext . los angele INTERNATIONAL airport -- morning -- montage a airplane roar downward , head in for a landing . ext . LA cityscape -- establishing -- day -- montage a ugly city . " hollywood " sign on the smoggy horizon . ext . hollywood HOTEL -- day -- montage a cheap , stucco hotel in a wounded Hollywood neighborhood . int . hollywood HOTEL -- day -- montage Welles ' suitcase be open on the bed . Welles sit in a chair with he foot up , sweat in the heat , read the diary . mary voice ( v.o. ) ( as Welles read ) " ... we be read the great gatsby in English class . it 's the story of this guy who have lot of fancy party and all he friend come around and party with he , but later when he die nobody come to he funeral . someone say there 's a movie about it , but I look in the video store and it be not there . " Welles flip page , further back in the diary ... mary voice ( v.o. ) ( as Welles read ) " dear diary . I start my first job last week work part time at price Mart department store ... " int . los angele bank , safe deposit vault -- day -- montage Welles and a bank employee both put key into a safe deposit BOX , unlock it and slide out the metal drawer . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... the people I work with be all old and fat . all they live for be they next coffee break so they can smoke ... " int . bank , privacy booth -- day -- montage Welles be alone , open the empty safe deposit drawer , take the 8 mm film from he pocket and put it in the drawer . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... they eat lunch at the snack counter . hot dog and soft pretzel . nachos with that orange cheese that come out of a pump . I do not know what I would do if I be still work there when I get old ... " ext . youth hostel -- establishing -- day -- montage a large neon cross identify this hostel in mid-hollywood . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... I want to be a singer or a actress . I know it 's a stupid dream , but I know I can do it if I get a chance ... " int . youth hostel -- day -- montage Welles talk to the man behind the counter , show the picture of mary take from Mrs. mathews ' house . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... everyone 's always tell I how pretty I be . I do not think I be . when I look in the mirror I wonder who they be talk about . " the man behind the counter shake he head . int . homeless shelter -- day -- montage a run-down shelter . Welles show the picture of mary to the proprietor , explain . the proprietor shake he head . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . I go out with Bob today , the cute boy in my science class . he take I to a movie ... " ext . ywca , live quarter -- day -- montage Welles continue he trek , stand in the dank hallway of a ywca dormitory , show the picture to a counselor . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... it be the middle of the day , but we hold hand . I think he like I . I really like he . he have black hair and grey eye ... " ext . LA freeway -- dusk -- montage Welles sit in he rental car , in a massive traffic jam . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... he open the car door for I and pay for the movie . when he take I home he say we should go out again soon . I hope he call ... " ext . hollywood , red light district -- night -- montage Welles drive , look out the windshield ... at decaye " peep show , " a " adult bookshop " and " sex shop . " mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . Janet say she sleep with she boyfriend . I can not believe it . she say they do it last weekend while she parent be out of town ... " ext . hollywood , sunset boulevard -- night -- montage Welles drive , watch overweight prostitute and tall , muscular transvestite prowling the sidewalk in mini-skirt and stain , tight spandex pants . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... she say she like it , but she do not seem too happy . she do not tell I many detail . she say he use a condom . " ext . santa monica boulevard -- night -- montage teenage male prostitute hang out in front of a pizza parlor . a few have they shirt off , crewcut and muscular . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . if I save enough money to go to community college maybe I can get good enough grade for a scholarship somewhere else ... " ext . hollywood boulevard -- day -- montage a tribe of homeless teenager sit on the sidewalk in front of souvenir shop . they beg money off pedestrian . mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... I have never be anywhere else . I do not think mom want to let I go . every time I try to talk about it she say it will cost too much or she change the subject . " ext . church , soup kitchen -- day -- montage a long line of homeless person trail out the door . Welles stand out front , show the picture to a volunteer with a broom , and a priest ... mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . something terrible happen today when dad and I be alone . I can not tell anyone . I feel sick . what do I ever do to make this happen to I ? " the volunteer and priest can not help . Welles be weary , futility beginning to wear on he , walk to he car ... mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . my stomach hurt all the time . I just want to go to sleep and never wake up . I want to get out of my head and stop hearing myself think . " int . welle ' rental car -- in motion -- night -- montage Welles smoke , drive , blankly watch the road ahead ... mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . grandma fall and break she leg last week . we drive down to visit she in the hospital . Hospitals smell like dead people . " ext . freeway -- helicopter shot -- night -- continuous follow Welles ' car speed along ... mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . it 's happen all the time now . there 's nothing I can do . I be all alone . everything be bad . I use to have lot of dream and I would remember they when I wake up , but that do not happen anymore . " pull back : still following welle ' car , over the freeway ... mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " dear diary . if I can get to California , I will be okay . I have get money save . I can work as a waitress till I get something better . billy say he and he family go to California once on vacation . he say it never rain . they stay near the beach and he go swim in the ocean ... " continue to pull back -- till Welles ' car be very , very far below -- revealing the staggering size of the City of Los Angeles , where the light go on forever and forever . int . welle ' room -- night -- montage Welles be seat , elbow on he knee , read the diary ... mary voice ( v.o. , cont ) " ... I hope I can be a actress . I hope I can be happy . I will probably have to go to act school . I wish I know someone who live there . I will miss my friend , but at least I will be far away where no one can ever find I . " Welles have come to the end of the write in the diary . the next photocopied page show a image of the torn ragged edge of the diary 's miss page . ext . video porn shop -- day Welles enter this " adult video " storefront . int . video porn shop -- day the clerk be a sleazy forty - year - old man with ring in he pierce nose and lip , behind a counter by the door . he watch Welles pass . Welles look around , uncomfortable . a few of the other customer , all man , sneak glance at Welles . display shelf run floor to ceiling , full of hundred of shrink - wrap xxx porno tape . Welles pretend to browse . handmade sign above each section identify content : " anal , " " big tit , " " cumshot , " " bondage and fetish , " etc ... Welles look back at the clerk , who stare at Welles . Welles feel obligate to pick up a box and act like he 's consider it . he glance at other customer . each man keep he eye forward on the pornography . one guy have he arm full of about ten video . Welles put the tape back , walk to the front counter . the clerk watch he the whole time . welle be this pretty much it ? the clerk just stare at Welles . welle just ... just video ? pierce clerk what be you look for ? Welles consider , decide to leave , exite ... welle nothing . pierce clerk fuck-head . int . adult bookstore -- day Welles come in through the black - out door . this place be larger than the last . two clerk be behind the counter . one clerk 's pricing porn , the other , max , 25 , read a porno - novel . Max have long hair , colorful tattoo cover he forearm , have a highlighter marker in he mouth . Welles browse . there 's a huge video bargain bin . wall be cover in video , sex toy , inflatable woman , etc . customer , again all wary male , follow proper porn - shop etiquette ; look at the porn , not you fellow shopper . there be " peep show " booth in the back . a man look around , try to be nonchalant , sweat profusely , slip behind one curtain . Welles pretend to read the package on a triple - pack of dildo , look towards the front ... behind the register , Max take a look to make sure the other clerk be busy , take the cap of he highlighter pen and highlight a section in the book he 's read . Welles note this . he go to the substantial magazine rack , pick up a porn tabloid , page through it . he select sex magazine and newspaper , choose about twenty - five . Welles take this pile up to Max , get out he wallet . Max start ringing everything up . max Big date tonight ? welle ( embarrassed ) yeah ... guess so . max can I interest you in a battery operate - vagina ? welle pardon I ? max my boss tell I I have to do more suggestive sell . welle well , it 's tempting , but no thanks . max it 's you call , but you be gonna be sorry when you be in one of that everyday situation that call for a battery - operate vagina and you do not have one . welle I will risk it . Max shove everything into a bag and hand it over . max thank you for shopping at adult bookstore . have a nice day . Welles take the bag . Max return to he book . Welles be leave , but stop at the end of the counter . welle what be you read ? Max hold up the book , " anal secretary . " max once you pick it up you can not put it down . welle catchy title . what be you really read ? ( off Max 's look ) hard to believe that book 's get any part worth highlight . Max take a glance at the other clerk , open the page of the book and show it to Welles . " Music for chameleon . " welle Truman Capote . max I tear off the cover and paste this one on ... ( nod towards clerk ) you know how it be . welle would not want to embarrass yourself in front of you fellow pervert . max ( smile , shrug ) might get drumm out of the pornographer 's union , and then where would I be ? another customer clear he throat , wait at the register . Max turn to help he . Welles head out . int . welle ' room -- night Welles be at a table , porn publication spread out before he , look through the back of a porno tabloid ... turn page of hardcore advertisement : " adult only , " " she male film , " " amateur sex video , " " woman and animal -- you have get to see it to believe it ... " Welles move on to the next magazine , turn to the back , again , page after page : " Watersport and fisting specialist , " " 100' of anal film , " " asian sex ... " hundred of 900 number ad with naked woman urging caller to pick up the phone . erotic classified ; hundred of amateur photo of naked man and woman with face and genital black over ... " Men seek woman , " " woman seek woman " , " Men seek Men , " " transvestites ... " it be endless . more classified : " sex slave want , " " actress wanted , " " Underground film , " " specialty film offered , " " s+m and bondage , " " fetish video . " Welles leave it , overwhelm , go to lay down on the bed . he pick up he cellular phone , dial . welle ( into phone ) hi , honey , how be you ? how 's Cindy ? ( listen ) the way it 's go I be about ready to pack my bag ... int . nondescript room -- night -- continuous in a dark room , we do not know where , a dark figure of a man be silhouett . he wear headphone , listen ... welle ' voice ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) ... I have get a feel the person I be look for come out here and get swallow up by the place . amy voice ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) come back now . just drop it and come back ... welle ' voice ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) I would if I could . I will be home soon , believe I . it will not be long . amy voice ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) I miss you . int . welle room -- night -- continuous Welles shut he eye , still on the cellular ... welle ( into phone ) I miss you too . I love you very much . give cinderella a kiss for I and tell she I love she , alright ? ( listen ) goodnight . int . adult bookstore -- day Max be at the register . a crewcut woman in overall work behind the counter with he . Welles approach . welle remember I ? max come back for that battery - operate vagina , right ? told you you would . Welles show he identification , let Max get a good look . welle I need some information . think you might be able to help . max ( of identification ) Thomas Welles . Nice picture . Welles take out a envelope , put it on the counter . welle I will be outside have a cigarette . Welles leave . Max watch he go . Max open the envelope , take out two fifty dollar bill , pocket they . max ( to other clerk ) cover I , Beth . I be take a break . ext . adult bookstore -- day Welles stand down the sidewalk , smoking . Max come out from the porn shop , walk to Welles , look around . max I do not know what you be look for , mister , but so we be clear from the start , I be straight . welle good for you . Welles and Max walk down the block , past homeless men with shopping cart overflow with junk . welle how long you be work there ? max Three , four year . welle what 's you name , if you do not mind I ask ? max Max . welle well , here 's the deal , Max . this thing I be on right now have something to do with underground pornography . stuff that 's sell under the counter , illegally ... max there 's not much illegal . welle well , whatever there be , whoever 's deal , however it 's do , I want to know . I want a good look , so if you have get that kind of connection , great . if not , speak now . max you be not a cop , be you ? if I ask and you be , you have to tell I . welle I be not a cop . max you be a private eye . like shaft . welle not quite . max from Pennsylvania . p.i. from PA . what be you do out here ? welle well , there 's the thing ; you be not gonna know anything about what I be do , but you can make some money . max how much ? welle how much do you make now ? max four hundred a week , off the book . welle okay , let 's pretend I live in the same fantasy world where you make four hundred a week in that dump . I will give you six hundred for a few day . max sound good , pop . welle here 's my number if you need it ... ( write on scrap paper ) when can you start ? max tomorrow night , I get off at eight . welle see you then . oh , and , do not call I " pop . " Welles walk away . int . welle room -- night Welles sleep , despite the stead SOUND of traffic racing by he window . the phone ring , waking he . Welles look at the clock radio , 2:23 be , reach to answer the phone ... welle ( into phone ) ... hello ... ? max ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) wake up , pop . you education begin tonight . ext . downtown -- night against the backdrop of downtown LA 's bright skyscraper , Welles ' rental car head into the lower bowel of the city , smaller , older , darker building ... ext . downtown street -- night the only people on the street be homeless and shady character . Welles ' car make its way to a big desert parking lot . there be a few car park in one corner . Welles park near the other car and get out . Max stand against a chain link fence . Welles go to meet he . max come on . Max lead the way , across the lot , towards dark alleyway . ext . downtown alleyway -- night Max and Welles move through this filth strewn alley between decaye brink building . they cone to a stairwell lead down to pitch dark ... int . old build -- night Max enter through a crooked door , head into a narrow , labyrinth hallway light by bare bulb . Welles follow . they come to another stairway lead down . at the bottom , a thick - neck goon stand guard double door . goon be you a law enforcement agent or in any way affiliate with law enforcement ? max fuck you , Larry . Max head to the double door , wait for Welles . goon ( to Welles ) be you a law enforcement ... ? welle no . int . basement -- night Max and Welles enter through the double door , into a kind of small , underground porn flea market . it 's incredibly quiet . about fifteen card table be set up in row . the men behind the table and the thirty or so " customer " look through the merchandise make that in the previous porn shop look like high society . this be middle - aged men , most bald , some with pot belly , in short and tube sock , in sweatpant and member only jacket : plain man , but with a look of desperation in they eye , glance around nervously , greasy and afraid . one dealer we be shutting down in fifteen minute . Fifteen minute . Welles make he way to the table , wary . one table be cover in dirty cardboard box , fill with hundred of photo of young child , mostly boy , naked . each photo be wrap in plastic , censor by mask tape . Welles swallow back disgust . the next table be pile high with use pornographic magazine . there be baggy with colorful pill laid out . x-rate Polaroid wrap in rubberband . Max follow behind , unaffected , smoke a cigarette . another table offer video tape with no identify mark other than hand write label with number write out , " two , " " sixteen , " " five . " and many bootleg video with grainy , homemade label show women in extreme bondage . Welles watch out the corner of he eye as the plump man beside he pay for a thick stack of kiddie porn picture . Welles wait till the man move on , address the angry look dealer who 's count money . welle ( point to numbered video ) what be this ? angry dealer mix hard bondage . rape film . sick shit . buy five , get one free . Welles look around , wipe sweat off he top lip . welle anything harder ? angry dealer there 's nothing harder . welle snuff ? angry dealer what you see be what I get , mister . welle you know where I can get it ? I have a lot of money to spend . angry dealer there be not no such thing as snuff . why do not you fuck off ? the dealer sit and keep count cash . Welles move on Beyond the table there 's a curtained doorway . Welles walk to it , enter ... inside the curtain fold chair face a screen . a projector show a silent movie ; a buxom woman in nurse uniform prepare a enema bag and tube . a hairy , overweight man lay face down on a examination table , naked , arm tie behind he back . in the darkness , a man shift in he chair , grunt , obviously masturbate . a few chair away , a man be bent over , move he head in the lap of someone in a blonde wig . a large man approach Welles from the dark . large man you have to pay to come in here . Welles back away , shut the curtain . int . all - night coffee shop -- night not many people in the place . Welles drink coffee . Max eat a huge breakfast . max you have get penthouse , playboy , hustler , etc . nobody even consider they pornography anymore . then , there 's mainstream hardcore . triple X . the difference be penetration . that 's hardcore . that whole industry 's up in the valley . writer , director , porn star . they be celebrity , or they think they be . they pump out 150 video a week . a week . they have even get a porno Academy Award . America love pornography . anybody tell you they never use pornography , they be lie . somebody 's buy that video . somebody 's out there spend 900 million dollar a year on phone sex . know what else ? it 's only gonna get worse . more and more you will see perverse hardcore come into the mainstream , because that 's evolution . desensitization . oh my God , elvis presley 's wiggling he hip , how offensive ! nowadays , mtv 's show girl dance around in thong bikinis with they ass hang out . know what I mean ? for the porn-addict , big tit be not big enough after a while . they have to be the biggest tit ever . some porn chick be put in breast implant bigger than you head , literally . soon , playboy be gonna be penthouse , penthouse will be hustler , hustler will be hardcore , and hardcore film will be medical film . people will be jerk off to woman lay around with open wound . there 's nowhere else for it to go . welle interesting theory . max what you see tonight , we be not talk about a video some dentist take home over the weekend . we be talk about stuff where people get hurt . specialty product . welle child pornography . max there 's two kind of specialty product ; legal and illegal . Foot fetish , shit film , watersport , bondage , spanking , fisting , she - male , hemaphrodite ... it 's beyond hardcore , but legal . this be the kind of hardcore where one guy 's go to look at it and throw up , another guy look at it and fall in love . now , with some of the s+m and bondage film , they straddle the line . how be you suppose to tell if the person tie up with the ball gag in they mouth be a consent or not ? step over that line , you be into kiddie porn . rape film , but there be not many . I have never see one . welle snuff film . max I hear you ask . that guy be not yanking you around . there 's no such thing . welle what other way be there to get illegal film ? who do you see ? max first of all , basement sale like tonight be not gonna last much longer . it 's too risky , one , and two , everything 's go on the internet . anyone with a computer and enough patience can find anything he want . it 's heaven for that degenerate chicken-hawks . they be swapping picture back and forth as fast as they modem can zap them . but , there 's still some weird shit under the counter where I work sometimes . no one know where it come from . that 's local underground , where information spread by word of mouth . that be zomby , hardcore junky . they hand be permanently prune . they go out in the sun they do not burn , they blister . other than that , all I know about be the mail . classify ad in the paper with hide code . secret courier . credit card order to dummy corporation . interstate wire transfer . revolving p.o. box . but , if you be ask I who do you go to to get illegal shit ... who know ? that 's the whole point -- the seller stay as far away from the buyer as possible , and vice versa , and cop can not trace the deal . there 's way to do it so nobody know who anybody be . Welles watch Max eat . welle how old be you ? max twenty -five . welle where be you parent ? max I do not know , where be yours ? welle I do not mean any offense ... but what be you do mix up in all this ? max I be not mix up in anything , hayseed . what be you talk about ? welle you just strike I as smart enough to be do something else . max yeah , I be a real genius . what choice have I get ? fuck , just because I know about stuff like tonight do not mean I deal it . I work a job . it beat pump gas , beat make hamburger . welle you be tell I it do not get to you ? max you can not sit there all day watch the parade of loser that come into that place without go numb . so what ? be I gonna go off and be a race car driver ? go to Harvard ? run for President ? what about you , pop ? welle what about I ? max I see a ring on you finger . you have any kid ? welle a daughter . max so , you have a wife and kid wait for you in Pennsylvania ... what be you do mix up in all this ? welle good question . ext . all night coffee shop -- night Max and Welles come out to the sidewalk , talk . across the STREET inside a parked car , through the windshield , someone watch Max and Welles say goodnight . Max walk to a wait taxi . it 's the sinister lawyer watch , longdale , the late Mr. Christian 's attorney , watch Welles go to he rental car . int . welle ' room -- night -- montage Welles be seat , projector running , watch the 8 mm film . the last of the film make its way through , thread out . the take - up reel spin , the film 's tail flap ... Welles stare at the blank white square of light project onto the wall . cellular phone be heard ringing ... Welles finally look to the projector , turn it off . the phone's ringing . Welles go to sit on the bed , look at the cellular phone on the bedside table . ringing ... Welles let it ring . ringing ... ringing ... till it finally stop . Welles lay back on the bed and shut he eye . int . christian house , mr christian' office -- day Mrs. Christian be behind the desk , surround by box of bank record and financial statement , on the phone . mrs christian ( into phone ) my husband have five cash account he use to temporarily hold stock profit . between November of 1991 and March of 1992 , he write one check out to cash from each account . he write this himself ... int . phone booth , hollywood -- day -- continuous Welles be in the booth , listen ... welle ( into phone ) okay ... mrs christian ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) my husband never deal with money personally , certainly not cash . welle I be not positive this mean anything . mrs christian ( v.o. ) the check be for odd amount ... int . mr christian' office -- day -- continuous Mrs. Christian have the amount write out on paper . mrs christian ( into phone ) one be for two hundred thousand , one dollar and thirteen cent . another be for three hundred thousand , six hundred fifty four dollar and seventy six cent ... welle ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) okay , I follow you so far ... mrs christian totalled together , this five check from five different account , they equal one million dollar . int . phone booth -- day -- continuous welle ( into phone ) you be joke . mrs christian ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) to the penny . exactly one million dollar in cash . Welles consider this , lose in think . mrs christian ( v.o. ) hello ... ? welle I be here . mrs christian ( v.o. ) do you think the film could have cost that much ? welle for a human life ... murder on film , no statute of limitation . who know ? it sure could have . I would like you to overnight I a copy of that check , then put they in a safe deposit box . mrs christian ( v.o. ) okay . welle send it to I through the post office like we arrange . no return address . you dig this up all by yourself ? mrs christian ( v.o. ) you tell I to look , so I look . welle you be one hell of a detective , Mrs. Christian . ext . mission youth hostel -- day teenager work clean this large dormitory , sweeping and mop the floor , make the bunk bed , wash window . Welles stand with a elderly , black nun in plain clothing . welle her name be Mary Anne mathews . Welles hand the woman the picture of mary . the woman put on she glass , look at the picture ... look at Welles . nun yes ... I remember Mary welle you ... you do ? you be sure ? please , sister , will you take another look , make sure ... nun ( examine picture ) yes . I remember she . int . mission youth hostel , storage area -- day in a basement corner , Welles watch as the nun use key to open the door of a chain - link storage cage . the cage be full of junk , box , lamp , stack of chair . nun she live here for only about a month , if I recall correctly . she do not return one night . she never come back . I do not know what to think ... the nun enter the cage , push old box out of she way , look up a cob-web cover metal shelve . nun do you know what happen to she ? welle I be try to find out . she be a runaway . I be look into it for she parent . the nun see what she want , find a step ladder , try to open it . Welles come to help she . nun ( point on shelf ) can you get that down for I ? Welles climb the ladder , point at box ... nun no , the next shelf ... there ... Welles take down a small suitcase . it 's cover in dust . he climb down the ladder with it . welle what be this ? nun that be she belonging . welle her belonging ? nun that 's she suitcase . I have forget it , till you show I she picture . Welles put the suitcase down , examine the luggage tag : " Mary Anne mathews , " no address . Welles look to the nun . welle whatever possess you to keep this all this time ? nun she be the kindest , sweetest girl you would ever want to meet . oh , I adore she . I suppose I always hope she would be back . after a time , all I could do be pray she have move on to better thing . can you get this suitcase to she parent , if you think it 's appropriate ? welle I will do what I can . int . welle ' room -- night Welles put Mary 's suitcase on the bed , open it . he take out some of Mary 's clothing , examine it , lay it aside . he take out a rosary , more clothing . resting on a sweater be two ceramic figurine ; a teddy bear and kitten . Welles examine they , frown , put they aside . he take out yellow newspaper ; help want classified , " July 2 , 1992 . " several job possibility circle , other cross out . he find baggie contain a few old joint . all that 's leave be more item of clothing , a toothbrush and a address book . Welles examine the address book , find a fold piece of paper in the blank page , unfold it ... it 's the torn diary page , a poem write in Mary 's hand ... mary voice ( v.o. ) ( as Welles read ) " Star light , star bright , first star I have see tonight , wish I may , wish I might , have this wish I wish tonight . " Welles go to a drawer , take out the photocopy of Mary 's diary . he turn to the rag edge of the tear page , put the diary page against it . perfect match . Welles stand look at the poem . he turn the page over , find write , in cursive : model want 213-555-6643 ext . phone booth -- day Welles dial the number off the back of the tear diary page , phone to he ear . it ring , ring , ring ... man' voice ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) celebrity film . Welles hang up , begin search the booth 's yellow page . ext . wilshire office build -- day a poverty stricken business section of wilshire . Welles get out of he park car , look up at a decaye Art Deco building that 's paint blue top-to-bottom . Welles cross through traffic . int . wilshire office build , lobby -- day Welles study the registry , find " celebrity film . " int . wilshire office build , stairwell -- day paint 's peel . wall be water stain . Welles climb stair , wind , sweat , up the stairwell ... int . wilshire office build , 8th floor hall -- day Welles come out a stairwell door , catch he breath . a couple of secretary wait for the elevator . Welles move down the hall , around a corner . each office door have a window of pebble , translucent glass . there 's a " Dental Office , " " Wilson Travel cruise , " and at the end of the hall , " celebrity film Inc. , Eddie poole , professional caste and distribution , suite 804 . " Welles head back the way he come . ext . wilshire office build -- day Welles cross back to the other side of the street , go to stand near he car . he look up at the blue office building , count up floor , count window across . satisfied , he turn , back up , look up at the tall office build across from the blue building . there 's a sign on this adjacent building , " office space available . " int . adjacent office , 9th floor -- day empty office . Welles be let in by a disinterested landlord . Welles give a cursory look around , go to the window and open the blind . this window afford a excellent view of the blue building across the street , at about 8th floor level . welle this be better . ( turn to landlord ) this will be fine . int . adjacent office -- night Welles have transfer most of he belonging here , suitcase open on the floor , card table set up with fast food on it , a army cot against one wall . Welles sit in a chair at the window , look through binoculars on a tripod . welle ' p.o.v. , through binoculars : search up the dark floor of the blue building , as Welles count under he breath . move over ... stop on one window , focus ... Welles lock the tripod . he go to sit on the army cot , pick up he cellular . he look at the phone , decide . he put down the phone . he turn off the lamp on the floor , lay back in the cot , go to sleep . int . adjacent office -- day welle ' p.o.v. , through binoculars : watch the window of celebrity film Inc . we can see most of the office from here . it 's crowded with junk , box , pile of video tape . there 's a disorganize desk by the window . Welles sit look through the binocular . through binoculars : a pudgy man , eddie poole , in a loud , print shirt , come to sit at the desk , look through mail . he smell sleazy even from here , lot of jewelry , lot of ring . he drink coffee , answer the phone . he talk into the phone , look for something on he desk , agitation grow , till he 's shouting , then slam the phone down . Welles rise . he look to the wall where three photograph cull from the snuff film be pin up ; the picture of Mary , the picture of masked man 's tattooe hand , and ... ... the grainy image of the third man in the mirror . Welles come to study this third photo . fade to black : int . adjacent office -- day through binoculars : Eddie pack video tape into a box , cover they with styrofoam peanut , sealing the box . fade to black : int . adjacent office -- day through binoculars : Eddie finish a call and hang up . he sit back in he chair . he start look in he desk drawer , find a magazine and open it on the desk . it 's porn . Eddie turn page , look at naked woman . he sit back in he chair , begin unbuckle he belt . Welles pull back from the binocular in disgust . welle no thank you . fade to black : int . adjacent office -- night through binoculars : Eddie 's on the phone , pour himself a drink from the liquor bottle on he desk , finish the call , hang up . he shake he head in disgust , drink the drink , walk out of view . after a moment , the light go out . ext . hollywood hill -- night a old , dent car make its way up the tight , twist road of the Hollywood Hills . Eddie 's at the wheel . not far behind , Welles ' rental car follow ... further on Eddie 's car pull into the driveway under the porch of a ramshackle house , park . Welles ' car pass by ... further , around a curve Welles ' car slow once it 's out of sight , turn around , move back down the hill , slowly ... int . welle ' car -- continuous Welles turn out he headlight , come around the curve just far enough so the ramshackle house be in view . Welles watch Eddie walk up the stair to the house . fade to black : int . adjacent office -- day through binoculars : Eddie have a visitor . there 's a pretty girl , wear a tube top , in a chair face he desk . Eddie 's talk , gesticulate , smile , cajole . Welles watch through binocular . through binoculars : Eddie 's still take , stand , come around the desk and place a hand on the girl 's shoulder . the girl say something . Eddie respond . the woman shake she head , get up to leave . Eddie seem to be ask she to stay , follow as she move out of view . Eddie come back alone , sit at he desk , pick up the phone . int . espionage shop -- day ultra high tech for sale . Welles examine item on the sale counter as the salesperson watch : a pair of sma1l , round listening device , a complicated receiver / tape recorder , and a tone decoder with LED window . welle okay , I will take it all . salesperson excellent . we accept mastercard and american Express . welle Cash . Welles take out a thick wad , start count . salesperson alright . ( at register ) May I have you phone number , area code first ? welle no , you may not . salesperson okay . Fine . Welles lay the money on the counter . the salesperson take the money , recount . salesperson I be require by state law to inform you that , while it 's perfectly legal for you to purchase this item , it be illegal for you to use they for any sort of ... welle yeah , I know the spiel . if you could bag it , I will be on my way , thank you . salesperson certainly , sir . the salesperson start punch key on the register . ext . wilshire office build -- night the blue building sit completely dark . int . wilshire office build , 8th floor hall -- night Welles come quietly out from the stairwell , wear glove . he move down the hall to the door of " celebrity film Inc . " he kneel , begin use lock - picking tool on the door . int . celebrity film office -- night Welles enter , shut the door and lock it . he take out he penlight . there be poster for cheap porn film on the wall that we could not see through binocular . titles like " sex Doctor , " " deep ass , " and " penal colony . " there a two file cabinet . Welles pull a few drawer , find they lock . video cassettes be everywhere , on the cabinet , on shelf , pile high on the floor . Welles go to Eddie 's desk , look in drawer . one drawer be full of x-rated magazine . another 's stuff with paperwork , call sheet , contract . Welles pick up Eddie 's phone , unscrew the earpiece . he take the small , round listening device from he pocket , peel off back to expose adhesive . he attaches the listen device inside the phone , put it back together . Welles move towards the door , sweep the room with the penlight . he stop at the file cabinet , take he lock - pick tool out , begin work on one file 's lock . he turn the lock , open a file drawer . empty . he open another . Inside : pile of child pornography . Welles clenches he jaw . face of child . shirtless boy . Girls in pigtail . int . adjacent office -- day Welles ' receiver / tape recorder be set up by the window , recording , with the tone decoder plugge into it . Welles listen through headphone , look through binocular . eddie ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) ... half a dozen . this be good stuff , jimbo ... through binoculars : Eddie 's at he desk , on the phone ... eddie ( v.o. ) you know how my tape sell . people eat this stuff up . male voice ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) I have three jerkoff try to return you tape last month . do you know how bad a skin flick have to be for some jackass to come back into my place with a fuck receipt , and try to fuck return it ? eddie ( v.o. ) maybe there 's something wrong with the scumbag customer come into you place , ever think of that ? male voice ( v.o. ) the only thing wrong be the cheap , softcore crap you be peddle , Eddie . where do you get this stuff ? eddie ( v.o. ) look , you cocksucker ... male voice ( v.o. ) get together some upscale product where the girl still have tooth in they head . till then , fuck you . eddie ( v.o. ) fuck you ! through binoculars : Eddie slam down the phone . he cannot be heard any longer . he 's cursing , shuffle paperwork . Welles take off headphone , pick up he cellular phone . he drink soda , open the phone , dial , nervous , then look back through the binocular . he wait , clear he throat . the phone's ringing ... ringing ... on the floor , the reel of the tape recorder be turning ... through binoculars : Eddie answer the phone ... eddie ( v.o. ) celebrity film . welle ( v.o. ) Eddie . eddie ( v.o. ) yeah , who 's this ? welle ( v.o. ) I know what you do . eddie ( v.o. ) what ? welle ( v.o. ) I know what you do . eddie ( v.o. ) who be this . welle ( v.o. ) you murder that girl , Eddie . six year ago ... eddie ( v.o. ) what the fuck be you .. ? welle ( v.o. ) you kill that girl and you put it on film . you and you pal , you be fuck . you fuck up real good . Welles hit disconnect , still look through binocular . through binoculars : Eddie 's slow to hang up the phone . he stand , look down at the phone , freeze . finally , he run he hand through he hair , look around the room , sit back down . he get out he bottle and pour himself a drink . Welles watch through binocular , put headphone back on . welle come on , Eddie ... through binoculars : Eddie sit motionless . welle ( o.s. ) ... come on ... through binoculars : Eddie pick up the phone , dial a number . we hear the phone ring in the headphone man' voice ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) ... hello ? eddie ( v.o. ) ( through headphone ) dino , it 's Eddie ... Eddie poole ... dino ( v.o. ) what do you want ? eddie ( v.o. ) I just get a call ... two second ago , some motherfucker call ... say he know about the loop . dino ( v.o. ) what be you talk about ? eddie ( v.o. ) the loop ! the girl we do , what the fuck do you think I be talk about ?! this guy call and say he know about the fuck loop ... dino ( v.o. ) bullshit . eddie ( v.o. ) I be tell you ... dino ( v.o. ) blow I , you paranoid fuck , that 's impossible . why be you bother I with this ... ? eddie ( v.o. ) because somebody just fuck call I and fuck laid it out ! dino ( v.o. ) there 's nothing there , you brain - dead cunt . think about it . there 's absolutely no way in this world to connect we to anything . I want you to hang the phone up , and if you call I about this again I be go to send a friend of mine out there and have he crack you open with a fuck rib spreader . eddie ( v.o. ) dino ... dino ( v.o ) nobody know anything . through binoculars : as dino be heard hanging up , Eddie react , pick up he phone and throw it across the office . Welles sit back , try to accept the realization that he 's find they . he look to the photo of the third man . welle that be you , be not it , Eddie ? Welles go to the recorder , turn on the tone decoder . its LED window light up . Welles hit stop , rewind , play ... welle voice ( v.o. ) ( from recorder ) ... and you pal , you be fuck ... Hit fast forward ... hit play , watch the tone decoder . from the recorder , the SOUND of eddie dialing a number on he touch tone phone ... and as each tone be heard , a corresponding number appear on the decoder' LED readout : ...1 212 555 9906 ... the recorder continue , replaying the conversation between Eddie and dino , while Welles study the green LED digit . welle ( quiet , to himself ) two one two . ext . manhattan cityscape -- establishing -- night the brilliant light of New York 's peerless skyscraper . ext . 59 th STREET bridge -- night follow Welles ' Ford as it move along with traffic , crossing the 59th Street Bridge , into the heart of Manhattan . ext . bank -- establishing -- day " chase Manhattan Bank , " mid-town . int . chase manhattan bank , safe deposit booth -- day Welles put the 8 mm film into safe deposit drawer , shut it . int . NY public library , reference -- day busy and crowded , but quiet . Welles place a massive tome down on a table : " haine criss - Cross directory . " Welles sit , take out he notepad , refer to the phone number write : " ( 212 ) 555-9906 . " he open the reference book , search page ... thousands of telephone number be listed in sequence , each with a address . Welles run he finger down the page . ext . soho street -- day pedestrian everywhere . street be clogge with delivery truck load and unload . Cars horn blow . Welles walk to a old , warehouse build shoulder to shoulder with other building , label " 1204 " in burnish steel . Welles climb the stair , examine the buzzer . the top button 's label " greystone import , " the bottom button read " lang Interior Design , by appt . " the middle button be label only by a draw of a black widow spider . Welles look up at the building . ext . 1204 warehouse , soho -- later day the sun be low . less activity on the street . Welles lean against a car down the street , smoking a cigarette . two women walk this way , both in spike high heel , dress in cheap , short , formfit skirt , both carry duffel bag . they start up the stair of 1204 ... Welles throw he cigarette , walk to follow . the woman hit the center button . a buzzer sound as they head inside . Welles hurry up the stair , catch the door before it close . int . 1204 warehouse , elevator -- day Welles follow the woman into a decrepit elevator . one woman hit " 2 . " Welles hit " 3 , " step back in the corner . Elevator door creak close . the two woman be heavily make up , pretty , but wear , eye dull . Welles look down at the leg of one woman , notice bruise through she fishnet stocking , poorly cover by make -up . Elevator door open on the second floor . the two woman get out and walk down a grey hallway , towards double door paint black . Welles stop the elevator door from close . the woman push the intercom at the black door . another dull buzz be heard as the woman enter . the low rumble of heavy metal music be heard , silenced as door swing shut . Welles let the elevator close . ext . 1204 warehouse -- day the elevator open on the first floor . Welles get out , instead of leave the way he come , head towards the rear ... follow he down a hallway , past a service elevator ... ext . 1204 warehouse -- day Welles come out back door into a sunless alleyway with fire escape above . there 's a trash dumpster , overflow . rat scatter upon Welles , arrival . Welles look to make sure he 's alone . he start tear open garbage bag . fly swarm . one bag 's fill with empty food container and old newspaper . Welles tear open another bag , find burnt out florescent lightbulbs , dig out a handful of empty photo paper package , bottle of developing chemicals . he pull out a few magazine ; time , Newsweek , etc ... the magazine be cut up , fall apart , with picture chop out from many page . Welles examine address label : " dino Velvet / d.v. film 1204 keller Street New York , NY 10049 " int . phone booth , NYC street -- night Welles be on the phone . the city bustles past . welle ( into phone ) what do you know about a guy call dino Velvet ? dino Velvet film ? int . adult bookstore -- day -- intercut Max be on the phone by the register , ringing purchase . max ( into phone ) dino Velvet ... yeah , he 's like the John luc godard of s+m flick , suppose to be a real weirdo . welle ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) a weirdo make s+m film ? who would have think it ? max ( into phone ) his stuff come out of New York . bondage and fetish video , gothic hardcore . definitely not for the squeamish . welle ( v.o. ) specialty product . max you be learn . welle ( v.o. ) where do he sell it ? max out of the back of bondage magazine mostly , but you can find it on the street if you look . he will also do commission , for enough money ... int . phone booth -- day -- continuous max ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) nothing illegal , it 's always borderline . like if some freak want to see a transvestite in a full rubber immersion suit get a enema from a ... welle ( into phone ) alright , I get the picture . max ( v.o. ) he cut all kind of other stuff into he movie ; photograph , newsreel footage , subliminal image . thinks he 's make art . welle well , I be in New York now . what do you say to fly out and give I a hand ? max ( v.o. ) I be a work stiff , pop . welle take a vacation . I will pay you four hundred a day , plus expense . max ( v.o. ) you want I to come out there and play private eye ? welle consider it . meanwhile , dig up whatever dino Velvet film you can . get receipt . I will call back . max ( v.o. ) see ya . Welles hang up , start feed quarter into the phone . int . mrs . christian' bedroom -- night -- continuous Mrs. Christian 's in bed , pale and sickly . the phone ring . Mrs. Christian reach for it . mrs christian ( into phone , weakly ) hello ? welle ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) Mrs. Christian , Tom Welles here . mrs christian ( cough ) how be you ? have any luck ? welle ( v.o. ) I do not know if luck 's the word . be you feel alright ? mrs christian I have be order into bed . the doctor say I have get the flu , or some other wretch ailment . welle ( v.o. ) I hope it 's nothing serious . mrs christian nothing more than a bother . have you any news for I ? int . phone booth -- day -- continuous welle ( into phone ) I have make progress . I be in Manhattan . once a few more piece fall into place , I will drive to you and give you a update . mrs christian ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) Fine ... mrs . christian be heard coughing . Welles wait . welle I have get about five thousand leave in cash , but I will need another thirty , if you approve . mrs christian how will I get it to you ? welle if you have a pencil and paper , I will tell you how to send it . ext . motel , hell kitchen -- night a taxi pull over in front of this flea-bag motel . Max get out with a suitcase , look at the dubious accommodation . int . motel , max's room -- night Max enter with Welles , turn on a light and throw he suitcase on the bed . the room be disgusting . max you do not say it be gonna be this luxurious . welle it 's they presidential suite . max great . Max look in the bathroom . max oh , come on , man , what be we do in this flea bag ? welle it 's cheap , and people know to mind they own business . what have you get for I ? Max open he suitcase , take out three video tape . he hand they to Welles . the box be cover in jumble photo collage : american flag , s+m man and woman , a skull , mannequin , a scorpion , cut - out of arm , leg and eyeball . max dino Velvet . int . welle ' motel room -- night Welles be light by the flicker from the television screen . we see nothing . we hear the rhythmic muffled moan of a woman from the tv , can not tell if it 's pleasure or pain . Max be asleep in the bed , pizza BOX near he foot . Welles drink beer , get up and eject the cassette from a vcr , toss it aside , tired . he pick another dino Velvet tape , put it in , sit . on tv : gothic rock be heard over old , scratchy image : of klansman around a burn cross ... dracula menace a sleep woman ... a man in a Devil costume dance ... Welles open another beer . on tv : a woman be tie up , arm in the air , hang from the ceiling , gag and blindfolded , in a dungeon light by candelabra . then , glimpse image : worm writhe in slime ... gargoyle ... a guillotine fall . then , the bound woman , struggle . a masked man in a leather jacket enter . he wear a leather mask with zipper eye and mouth ... this focus Welles ' attention . on tv : the masked man circle the capture woman ... welle Max ... wake up ... Max awaken , roll over , groggy . max wha ... ? welle ( point at tv ) who be this , in the mask ? who be he ? Max try to see , eye barely open . max he 's one of the lunatic dino use . he 's in a bunch of this . Welles watch . on the tv , masked man take off he jacket shirtless , reveal a impossibly muscle body . huge arm , thick chest , oile , dot in pimple . max why ? he have something to do with whatever you be into ? still watch the behemoth on tv , Welles be less sure . on tv : the bulg masked man flexe , rip . welle no ... it 's nothing ... that 's not he . Welles rub he eye , sit back . Max sit up , watch . on tv : masked man pull the bound woman 's head back by she hair , lick she face with he thick tongue ... close on : masked man grip the woman 's head , still lick . he pull down the woman 's blindfold ... Welles sit forward , realize , horrify ... Welles go to the vcr , hit pause . the image on tv freeze . Welles go back , frame by frame ... ... to the close up where masked man grip the woman 's face . freeze frame . on masked man 's hand : a tattoo , on the arch between he forefinger and thumb , same as the scrawny masked man in the snuff film . a pentagram tattoo . welle who be he ? max I tell you , he 's one of dino Velvet 's stock player ... welle who be he , he name ? max nobody know he name . that 's he thing . he always wear a mask . you never see he face . he call himself " Machine , " that 's what they call he . Machine . Welles hit play . on tv , masked man run he hand up and down the woman 's body . the woman 's eye be fill with fear . Welles sit , unnerve , watch . max they say he 's half brain - dead from all the steroid he 's use . Max roll over , try to get back to sleep . max he 's a brutal motherfucker , man . he love what he do for a live . int . welle ' motel room -- day Welles enter , carry a overnight package and he lock BOX . at the desk , he tear open the package , open the manila envelope inside ; find fifty thousand dollar in thousand dollar bill , wrap in plastic and mask tape . Welles take the lock box to the bed and work the combination , open it . he take out the holster , stand look down at the gun . he put the holster on . ext . 1204 warehouse -- day Welles ' Ford wait with turn signal on . a car pull out of a parking space . Welles take the space . int . welle ' car -- day Max be in the passenger seat . Welles look to 1204 . welle you do not need to be here . max what kind of junior p.i. would I be if I do not go with you ? int . 1204 warehouse , second floor -- day Welles and Max get off the elevator , move down the grey hall , to the black door . Welles push the intercom button . after a moment , the intercom crackle ... man' voice ( v.o. ) ( from intercom ) who be it ? Welles wait , press the button again . int . dino velvet studio -- day the door buzz and Welles and Max warily enter this large , dark , convert warehouse . Square pillar shoot from floor to ceiling . shaft of light cut down from high window . a large thug in a pinstripe suit cross from a far desk . thug you be in the wrong place . welle we be look for Mr. Velvet . thug he 's not here . Welles look around , at pile of prop ; a huge faux - stone angel and gargoyle , elaborate candelabras , a huge birdcage , massive wooden cross , nazi flag . welle why do not you tell he we be here to give he a large sum of money . if he 's not interested , we will go . thug you should leave now , before I have to remove you . Welles just stand look at the thug . a voice be heard ... dino velvet' voice ( v.o. ) ( from speaker ) show they in , milo . Welles and Max look up . there be speaker mount high up on the pillar , and surveillance cameras look down . welle you hear the boss , milo . the disgruntled thug start back across the studio towards a distant door . Welles and Max follow ... they notice a elaborate set build in one corner , a torture chamber , complete with rack and iron maiden . int . dino velvet' office -- day thug open the door and let Welles and Max in . the office be huge , windowless wall cover in thousand of picture from every conceivable source , tear and cut , pin up to form a indecipherable collage . a tall ladder lean against one wall , near three television . dino velvet rise behind he desk , a small , bird - like man , wear a black suit and bad hairpiece . dino velvet come in . make yourself comfortable . Welles shake dino 's hand . Max look up at the wall . image ; porn picture , news photo , world leader , autopsy photo , army and insect , the naked and the dead . welle it 's a honor to meet you . thank you for see we . dino velvet what can I do for you today ? Welles sit . shelves behind dino 's desk be pile high with video cassettes , old movie cameras , big reel of 16 mm film . video and magazine be stack everywhere . welle I would like to commission a work . I be a great admirer of yours . dino velvet flatter . and , who 's you colorful little chum ? welle a fellow investor . dino velvet hmm . max you be the only one still shoot film and transfer it to video . nobody appreciate that kind of integrity anymore ... the grain , the gritty look you get . dino velvet well , I be glad you appreciate it . ( to Welles ) what would you say be you favorite piece ? Welles consider . Max glance over , look back to the wall . max I know if I have to pick , it would be " choke , " or " Devil . " welle " Devil " frighten I as much as it excited I , but I would be hard press to choose a favorite . dino grin , show yellow tooth . dino velvet you say something about money . welle yes . what we be look for be rather specific . Welles take out a envelope , put it on the desk . welle that 's five thousand dollar . dino velvet be it ? welle five thousand now , five thousand on delivery . two woman , one white and one black , as long as they have large breast . hard bondage , or course . other than that , trust you artistic interpretation , I have only two stipulation . dino velvet and they be ? welle I want to watch you work . dino velvet I will consider it . welle and the other performer ... it have to be that monster you use ... the man in the mask . dino velvet Machine . welle if it 's not he , there 's no deal . dino drum he paint fingernails on he lip . dino velvet he might be interested ... but it would mean another five thousand . welle we can do that . dino velvet well , well , I will have to put my think - cap on about all this . you will leave the money as a deposit ? ( off Welles ' nod ) very good . dino stand , pick up a still camera off he desk and come to look at Welles , study he . dino velvet you have a beautiful face ... the way the light hit it . I would like to take you picture . you do not mind ? welle I would rather you do not . dino velvet what 's the problem ? welle I be camera shy . dino velvet you trust I to keep you money , but not to take you picture ? welle that be two different kind of trust . ( stand ) thank you for you time . I hope we can do business . Welles leave . Max go with he . dino watch they leave . ext . manhattan STREET -- night horn blare . two car have collide head - on . a large crowd gather . one windshield 's shattered , blood spatter . the driver be slump over the wheel , gush blood . on a nearby street corner , Welles in on a pay phone . heavy metal can be heard filter through the receiver . welle ( into phone ) so , what do you say ? int . dino velvet' office -- night -- continuous dino 's stand in the middle of he office , naked , he back to we , 8 mm camera in hand , on the phone . a naked woman dance for dino . a heavy Metal music video play on a tv . dino velvet ( into phone ) I will do this for you . Fifteen thousand dollar . welle ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) Machine 's in ? dino velvet ( into phone ) he 's in . it will be he pleasure . int . phone booth -- night -- continuous dino velvet ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) be at 366 hoyt Avenue , three o'clock , tomorrow . Welles dig out he notepad , write . welle ( into phone ) where 's that ? dino velvet ( v.o. ) Brooklyn . do not be late . ext . motel courtyard , pool -- night horn and traffic be heard . Max and Welles sit in lawn chair at the tiny pool . Welles smoke . Max drink beer . they watch a elderly woman in a one piece bathing suit climb from the pool and walk to the diving board , diving in . max what 's next ? welle I be try to figure that out myself . I have to see Machine without he mask . max still do not want to tell I what you be do ? welle nope . the old woman climb out and head back to the diving board . Welles take out a thick envelope , hand it to Max . welle this be for you . Max do not understand , open the envelope , find about fifteen thousand dollar in the envelope . max what 's this ? welle it 's money . people use it to purchase goods and service . Max look at it again , can not believe it . max look ... that 's awful generous and everything ... welle it 's not my money . the woman I get it from be never go to give it a second think . let 's not make a big deal out of this , okay ? ( pause ) go be a race car driver . go run for President . whatever . Welles put he cigarette out , stand . welle I will see you around . Welles walk away , head to he room . Max watch he go , do not know what to say , look in the envelope . the old woman climb out and head back to the diving board . ext . brooklyn street -- day a desert , war zone neighborhood of abandon , graffitty building . a few burnt out car on the street . Welles drive through , watchful . Welles drive past a huge two - story warehouse , do a u-turn . he park the car . int . welle ' car -- day Welles check he gun , return it to he holster . ext . brooklyn warehouse -- day Welles climb crumble concrete stair , look all direction , crossing a loading dock towards a door ... int . brooklyn warehouse -- day Welles enter slowly , try to get he eye to adjust to the darkness . a vast , empty space loom before he . in the middle of the warehouse , dino Velvet stand , in a powder blue suit , hold a archery bow and arrow . dino velvet there you be . come join we . there 's a wringht iron bed not far from dino . machine be seat on the mattress , a huge man , wear a leather s+m harness and the same wrestling mask as in the snuff film . Welles gather he courage , walk towards they . dino pull back on the bow , aim away across the warehouse . he stand by a table with a quiver of arrow propped up . he shoot a arrow toward a large target ... strike the target dead center , bull be - eye . as Welles get closer , he notice several thing ... ... a 16mm camera mount on a tripod , face the bed , along with several movie light ... several bowie knife be laid out on the table , beside a pair of handcuff ... ... Machine be watch he as he approach ... Welles stop , not far from dino and Machine , but keep he distance . dino 's still fire arrow at the target . Machine 's still stare at Welles . welle ( to Machine ) hello . Machine just stare at he with bloodshot eye . dino velvet you bring the money ? welle ( take out envelope ) right here . dino let fly another arrow ... another bull 's -eye , then turn to look at Welles with a smile . dino velvet excellent . welle where be the woman ? dino velvet they should be here any minute . Welles come forward slowly , place the envelope on the table , beside bowie knife . he 's sweat . welle ( of the knife ) what be this for ? dino velvet hmm ? oh , the knife ? they be just prop . Nice , be not they ? welle sure . dino walk across towards the target . dino velvet Machine and I be just talk about knife . the beauty of knife ... dino pull arrow from the target . dino velvet he be say how fascinate he be by they simple ability to be sharp . the ability of a piece of metal to be so thin that it be almost nothing ... dino walk back to the table , replace the arrow in the quiver , cue another arrow in be bow . dino velvet so close to nothingness that it cut with minimum effort , because it 's so non-intrusive . flesh be fool . it bloom open as the blade widen , but by then it 's too late , because the knife 's already do its pure , simple damage . dino shoot another arrow to the target . a clatter attract Welles attention . Far across the warehouse , a delivery door roll upwards . a car with tinted window drive in ... the man who open the door , silhouett in sunlight , stay behind to close the door as the car pull forward ... dino velvet ah , ours guest have arrive . Machine stand . he be a giant . Welles take a few step back , wary , sweat hard now . the car park across the warehouse , not far from the target . dino put another arrow in he bow , pull it taunt , aim at the target ... turn , aim the arrow at Welles . dino velvet mister Welles ... would you be so kind as to remove any firearm from you person ? welle what be you ... ? dino velvet take out you gun ! Welles bring he hand towards he holster ... dino velvet slowly . let I see it . Welles take out he gun , look across the warehouse ... the silhouetted man be walk this way . can not tell who he be yet . Machine head the direction of the park car . dino velvet empty the gun onto the table , very carefully . welle look , I do not know what this ... dino velvet shut up , cunt ! do exactly as I say , or I will put this arrow through you throat . Welles obey , helpless , dump the bullet out on the table . the silhouetted man be get closer . it 's Eddie poole . eddie be that he ? dino velvet ( to Welles ) put the gun down , take the handcuffs . handcuff yourself to the bed . Welles obey , walk to the bed . Welles attaches one cuff to the bed 's iron rail , fasten the other cuff around he wrist . dino put down the bow and arrow . dino velvet ( still to Welles ) do not know what to make of you at first , and you certainly have Eddie on pin and needle . but , lo and behold , from out of the blue come a old business acquaintance to explain everything ... Welles look across to the car ... the sinister lawyer , longdale , get out from behind the wheel and hand the key to Machine , walk this way ... eddie this be the fucker ? motherfucker , do not look like anything ... Eddie walk around the bed , study Welles . Welles watch he . Eddie go to stand behind Welles , rush forward ... punch Welles in the side of the head . Welles go down , clutching he face . eddie do not look like shit . Eddie pull Welles to he foot , throw he against the bed , frisk he from head to toe . longdale come to stand beside dino , nervous , take out a tiny handgun and point it at Welles . Welles look up , hold he head , afraid , sit on the bed . dino velvet ( to Welles ) you remember Mr. longdale , do not you ? welle I remember he . longdale let 's get this over with . dino velvet Fine idea . dino come to sit on the bed beside Welles . dino velvet you be go to go get the film you receive from Mrs. Christian , bring it here and put it in my hand . and to save time , so we make this as efficient as possible , there 's a incentive ... dino put he finger in he mouth , let out a sharp whistle . across the warehouse , Machine use the car key to open the trunk of the car , pull someone out ... it 's Max , beat bloody , bound , face swollen , gag , hardly conscious . Machine throw he to the floor . welle no ... Welles try to go towards Max , yank back by the handcuffs , pull the bed a few inch , but it 's heavy . dino velvet friend of yours ? welle look , he 's get nothing to do with this ... let he go ... dino velvet can you guess what I be go to say next ? welle he do not know anything ... he 's get nothing to do with this ... dino velvet bring the film , or we kill he . sorrow and rage rise up in Welles , but there 's no choice . welle I will get it . it 's in a safe deposit box , in the city ... dino velvet how cooperative . longdale will keep you company . dino take out handcuff keys , throw they to longdale . longdale approach Welles carefully , unlock he . dino velvet do not let longdale 's questionable choice of weapon give you any idea . if he fey little gun put enough little hole in you , you will be just as dead ... and so will Max . eddie move it , dirtbag ... ! Eddie come to shove Welles . Welles stumble to the ground , get to he foot . Welles walk , take one last glance back towards Max . longdale follow . dino velvet ( watch they go ) do hurry . ext . manhattan street -- day Welles ' car move in the slow flow of traffic into mid-town . int . welle ' car -- continuous Welles be at the wheel . longdale be in the passenger seat , gun hold in he lap . welle you be the middleman , be I right ? Old man Christian be not about to go shopping for a snuff film himself . longdale would not exactly have be possible for a man of he stature . welle so , he send you , give you the money , he errand - boy . and if you refuse , it be not like you could tell anyone you pervert boss just ask you to get he a snuff film . that 's the beauty of lawyer / client privilege . longdale that 's trust . Mr. Christian trust I implicitly . welle must have pay you a lot , for you to risk everything . would have have to have cut yourself a real nice piece of money . longdale I be well compensate . welle that 's why you get scared when Mrs. Christian hire I . you know about the film , figure it have to be in that safe . how would you find I ? longdale never mind how I find you . welle follow I ... must have freak out when you see I close in on you buddy ... longdale they be no friend of mine . welle except , you be willing commit murder with they . longdale none of this would be happen if you would have leave it alone . if you be not digging up a girl who die six year ago . a girl no one even remember . welle Mary Anne mathews , that be she name . her mom remember she . Welles look at longdale . welle you find this smut dealer and ask to buy a snuff film , right ? want they to find you one . well , they do not find you one , longdale , they go out and make you one ... longdale shut up . welle Mary Anne mathews be alive till you pay money to have she murder . longdale shut you mouth and drive ! welle do it get he off , huh , watch they cut she up ? tell I , because I really want to understand . do he jerk off to it ? you watch it with he , sit there give he a handjob while you both watch ... ? longdale jam the gun against Welles ' side . longdale you be make I very angry . welle just tell I . tell I some more of the secret you and Christian share . what kind of degenerate pervert be he really ? what the fuck do he want with a snuff film ? longdale you be ask I why ? welle I be ask . longdale sit back , wipe sweat from he face . longdale a man like Mr. Christian , a great man ... all he money , all he power ... a man who attain everything there be to attain ... welle why do he buy a film of some poor , lose girl get butcher ? longdale be not it incredibly obvious ? welle enlighten I . longdale because he could . he do it because he could . ( pause ) what other reason be you look for ? Welles tighten he grip on the wheel , numbe . ext . chase manhattan bank -- day Welles double park , put he hazard light on . int . welle ' car -- continuous longdale sit forward , look to the bank . longdale you have get four minute till I call Mr. Velvet and let he know there 's a problem . longdale take a cellular phone from he pocket , show it . Welles climb out , head to the bank ... int . bank , safe deposit vault -- day Welles and the safe deposit manager enter . they go to put they keys in one drawer , unlock it a pull it out . manager May I show you to a booth ... welle no , I have get it . Welles pull the drawer open , take the 8 mm film out and hand the empty drawer to the manager , exite . int . bank -- day Welles come out from the safe deposit vault , pockete the film , crossing towards the entrance , look around ... ... at other customer wait on line ... ... at a guard with a gun at he side ... Welles detour , toward one of the loan desk . the bank employee behind the desk be occupy , on the phone . as Welles move past the desk , he grab a pair of scissor from a pencil holder and palm it , head to the door ... int . welle ' car -- day Welles get behind the wheel . longdale look at he watch . longdale you almost go over you limit . welle fuck you . Welles put the car in gear and drive . longdale give I the film . welle you will get it when we get there . longdale put the gun to the side of Welles ' head . longdale give I the film . welle go ahead , shoot I . then try drive to Brooklyn with my brain all over the windshield . Welles keep drive . longdale sit back , stewing . int . warehouse -- day the door be kick open . Welles enter , take the 8 mm film out and hold it in he hand . longdale follow . as Welles move forward , he face go slack ... Machine be seat on the bed , Eddie and dino stand smoking cigarettes , and further on , Max be tie to the target , slump over , three arrow in he chest . Dead . welle no !! Welles run towards Max , cry out , tear in he eye ... Machine rise , go to intercept Welles , grab he . Welles try to break free , but Machine lift Welles up and throw he brutally to the ground . Welles scramble to get up ... welle you fucker ! Eddie come to kick Welles in the face . Welles be send sprawling , blood gush from he nose . he lay there , stunne , weep . Eddie pries the 8 mm film from Welles ' hand , toss it ... dino catch the film . Machine come to drag Welles towards the bed . dino unspool the film , hold it up to examine it . Machine handcuffs Welles to the metal bedframe . Welles fall to he knee , hold he face . Eddie punch Welles in the head . eddie you be a dead man . dino velvet leave he alone . eddie fuck off . Eddie punch Welles in the kidney . Welles try to protect himself . Eddie raise he fist to punch again , but Machine catch Eddie 's fist , throw Eddie back ... eddie what the fuck ... ! dino I promise he to Machine . Eddie look up at Machine , who tower over he . eddie ... sorry ... dino velvet first thing first . you might want to watch this , Mr. Welles ... Welles look up through tear ... dino drop the 8 mm film on the floor , take a small bottle of lighter fluid from he pocket . longdale come to watch . Welles watch helpless , agonizing ... welle do not ... please ... dino drop the film to the floor , spray it with fluid , take out match , light one , drop it ... the 8 mm film go up in flame ... Welles watch , quaking , hysterical , try to pull himself towards the flame , drag the bed ... the film be destroy by flame ... Welles give up , press he face to the floor , eye shut . dino velvet and so it end . it 's as if she never exist . Welles fall back , gasp , wiping blood and tear and spittle from he face , get slowly , to he foot . dino velvet do not blame yourself . you be in way over you head . he look to Max 's corpse , to the smolder film ... swallow back he fear , panic and rage ... welle motherfucker . small time , motherfucker ... ! tell I something ... Welles spit blood , hang onto the bed for support . welle I know why you do it , dino , Eddie ... but , why would the lawyer do it ? must have be a helluva lot of money , right ? one fuckload of money ... Welles sit on the bed , eye burn with fury . welle so , what be you all still do small time , huh ? what be you still do in the sewer , Eddie ?! Christian give longdale a million dollar to find he a snuff film . how much do you ever see ... ? Eddie and dino look to longdale . eddie what 's he talk about ? welle one million dollar , dino . how much do he tell you he have ... longdale 's get very nervous . longdale he 's lie . welle look at he . you think he play it square ? how much do he give you , how much do he keep for himself ? Eddie walk towards longdale ... eddie what the fuck 's he talk about ? longdale take out he gun , aim it at Machine , dino and Eddie , scared ... longdale stay away from I . dino velvet what 's go on , longdale ? do this happen ? eddie you sell we short , you fuck ? longdale stay back ! you have a gun , Eddie , show it to I . now ! Eddie slowly take out he gun , seethe . longdale put it on the ground , kick it here ... Eddie put the gun down , kick it ... longdale pick it up , throw it far away . eddie you fuck lawyer ... longdale move back ! all of you ... move ! Machine , dino and Eddie stand between longdale and the car with tinted window park across the warehouse ... dino velvet what be you think ? Welles watch as Machine , dino and Eddie back slowly away from longdale . longdale 's gun hand be shaky ... Welles try to drag himself towards the table where he gun and bullet be , drag the bed , inch by inch ... longdale back away , try to angle around the menace trio so he can get to the car ... longdale back off ! everything 's be take care of , and I be leave now ... dino velvet you be not go anywhere if you fuck we , lawyer . longdale I be leave . eddie you get the gut , tough guy ? gonna kill we all , be that it ? dino velvet you betrayed we . longdale stay where you be ! Machine edge forward , hold he hand in the air . longdale brandish the gun ... longdale keep back ! Machine , Eddie and dino be hold at bay ... dino velvet you be not gonna live through this . Welles still try to get to the table , wrist bleed in the cuff , bed screeching across the floor ... Machine , hand up , slowly reach behind he shoulder , touch the handle of a huge knife sheathed to he back . longdale we business be do , I be leave , no one 's go to stop I ... longdale glance towards the car , seem like he 's about to make a run for it . dino Velvet take a step forward ... dino velvet fuck you ! Machine unsheathes the knife and throws ... thunk ! the knife imbed to the hilt in longdale 's chest and longdale 's gun fire ... dino Velvet fly backwards , shot in the face ! dino hit the ground , scream , writhe , hand to he face , blood pour out between he finger . longdale fall back onto he ass , sit there , eye bugge out in surprise . he look down at the knife in he chest . Machine let out a scream , run to dino ... Machine fall to he knee and grip dino , try to hold he . dino 's scream , squirming frantically ... longdale sit look down at the knife in he chest , look up , and gallon of blood pour from he mouth ... eddie fuck . Eddie come to look down at the longdale . longdale fall back , dead , blood still flow from he maw . Welles drag the heavy bed , get closer to the table ... Eddie spin , look across to see Welles struggle ... dino break free from Machine , run blindly , still hold he gush face , fall , try to get back up ... Eddie run towards Welles . dino stumble forward , writhe , then suddenly lay still . Machine rise , look at dino . tear come out from Machine 's eye and roll down he mask . one last gasp and shudder from dino 's body ; death rattle . Welles pull the bed , practically pull he arm from the socket , desperately claw towards the table ... the table be mere foot away ... Eddie arrive , kick Welles in the rib ... Welles recoil . eddies kick again . Welles curl into a ball . Eddie kick again ... machine ( o.s. ) no ! Eddie stop , look to Machine . machine he 's mine ! Machine stride over the longdale 's corpse , put he foot on longdale 's chest , yank out the knife ... Machine start this way ... Eddie back from Welles . Welles look up , try to shake off unconsciousness , see Machine come ... Welles bow down , on he knee , as if to accept he fate ... reaching he free hand into he suit pocket ... welle no , no , no ... please , do not kill I ... please ... ! Machine arrive , knife in hand , lift Welles ' head back by the hair , bring the knife hand back ... eddie do he good . Welles rise suddenly , arm shoot forward , stabbing scissor deep in Machine stomach ... Machine roar , fall back , pitching forward ... Machine 's knife clatter to the ground . Eddie 's eye go wide . Machine hit the floor , clutching he gut . Welles push upwards with all he 's get leave , turn the iron bedframe onto its side , flipping the mattress off ... Eddie move forward , furious ... Welles grab Machine 's knife , wield it , hold Eddie off . welle back off , Eddie ... Welles drag the now lighten bed frame towards the table . Eddie 's sorely tempt , but keep away . Eddie turn , look across the warehouse ... there 's he gun , lie there , far away . Eddie run for the gun . Welles pull himself to the table , reach for the gun , knock the table over . he 's get the gun , but ... bullet hit the floor as the table fall . Welles struggle to open he gun with he sole free hand , get it open , hold it between he knee ... Welles grab a bullet ... Eddie 's run toward he gun , gasp for air ... Machine 's on he knee , pull the scissors out with tremble hand ... Welles put the bullet in the gun , flip it shut , rise , take aim across the warehouse ... welle stop Eddie ! Eddie 's run ... welle ( pull back the hammer ) I swear to Christ I will shoot you in the back ... ! Eddie stop , hand up , about ten foot from he gun ... Machine stay on he knee , hold he bleed stomach . Welles point he gun at Machine . welle come back , or I put a hole in he . Eddie 's look at he gun , so close , so far away . welle you might make it to you gun , but not before I shoot Machine . and if I have to shoot he because of you , and I do not kill he , right after he kill I , he 's gonna kill you . Eddie turn , start walk back ... welle ( to Machine ) take off the mask . Machine shake he head . welle take it off ! machine you get one bullet . Welles look to see Eddie head back , keep the gun on Machine , back away , drag the bed frame , look to the door behind he ... machine the only choice you have now , be which one of we kill you . Welles back away , drag the bedframe . Eddie 's get close . Welles point the gun at Eddie . Eddie slow . Welles point the gun at Machine , point the gun at Eddie . Welles put the gun to the chain of he handcuffs , fire ... break the handcuff chain . Welles bolt to the door ... machine get the gun ! Eddie run back towards he gun . Machine rise with a grunt of pain , move towards the door , but agony double he back over to he knee . ext . brooklyn warehouse -- day Welles shove out into daylight , flee down the stair , run towards he car ... int . welle ' car -- continuous -- day Welles climb in , get out he key , start the car ... he pull away , tire screeching . behind , Eddie give chase , run , firing he gun ... Welles duck as bullet slam the car , shatter window . ext . brooklyn street -- continuous -- day Welles ' car pick up speed , take a turn , burning rubber ... behind , Eddie curse , run back to the warehouse . int . welle ' car -- continuous -- day Welles glance back , engine roaring . he try to keep from cry , steer with one hand , hold he bleed face . ext . brooklyn street -- continuous -- day Welles ' car race away . int . welle ' home , kitchen -- day Amy look tired , like she have not sleep . she feed Cindy . phone ring . Amy go to answer it ... amy ( into phone ) hello ? welle ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) Amy , it 's I . listen very carefully .. amy ( into phone ) Tom ? where have you be ... ? int . welle ' car -- continuous -- day Welles drive , face cake in dry blood , cellular phone to he ear . the highway rush past out the car window . welle ( into phone ) Amy , just listen . take Cindy and get out of the house . do it now . go to a hotel and stay there ... amy ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) what 's wrong ? be you alright ? welle ( into phone ) I be okay . please , honey , I can not explain . do not use the phone , just pack a bag and get out . I be on my way . I will be back at the house in three hour . call I from the hotel when you get there amy ( v.o. ) ... what 's go on ? welle just do it , Amy , please , go . int . welle ' house , kitchen -- continuous -- day Amy hang up , scared . she go to grab Cindy up into she arm , hurry out of the kitchen and go upstairs . ext . highway -- continuous -- day Welles ' car tear down the freeway , pass other car . ext . welle ' neighborhood -- night suburban street . Welles ' car arrive , park . Welles get out , start across a neighbor 's yard , cut between house ... ext . welle ' house , backyard -- night Welles enter he backyard , slow , take out he gun . he keep behind shrubbery , surveying he dark house . int . welle ' house , downstair live room -- night Welles use a key to unlock the sliding glass door , open it slow , enter , gun up , search the darkness . int . welle ' house , office -- night Welles push the door open , check this room . int . welle ' house , bedroom -- night Welles make sure the bedroom 's empty , look in the bathroom . he put he gun away , leave the light off . he go to the phone on the bedside table , unscrew the earpiece . he remove a small , wire - mesh bugging device . int . welle ' house , kitchen -- night Dark . Welles pick up the cordless phone , struggle to pry the receiver open . he discover another small bug . he drop the bug to the floor , crush they under foot . he put the phone back together and be replace it when it ring loudly . Welles be startle , drop the phone ... Welles take a breath , try to shake off the jitter . he pick up the ringing phone , answer it ... welle ( into phone ) honey ... ? machine ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) not quite . Welles stiffen . machine ( v.o. ) nothing like get home after a rough day . Home sweet home . Welles move into the hall , towards the front door ... machine ( v.o. ) walk away . pack you bag , put the wife and kid in the car and find a place to hide . if you be lucky , you will never see I again . Welles take out he gun , open the front door , look out . the street in front of the house be empty . cricket chirp . welle I do not know if I can do that . machine ( v.o. ) I know who you be . I know where you live . I know everything I need to know to find you . ( pause ) who be I ? machine be heard hanging up the phone . int . HOTEL room -- night Cindy 's cry . Amy open the door with the chain on , see Welles , let he in . Amy and Welles embrace , kissing . Amy touch Welles damage face , worried ... amy what happen to you ? welle I be okay , honey , I be okay . be you alright ? amy what 's go on , Tom ? what happen ? welle I can not tell you , Amy . you know I can not . you have to trust I ... amy Tom ... welle it have to be this way for now . it will not be long . Welles go to pick up Cindy , try to comfort she , kiss she red face as she keep cry . amy why have not you call ? why do not you answer you phone ? welle I do not know . I be sorry ... amy you be sorry ? what be I suppose to think ? Amy come to take Cindy from he . amy you owe I a explanation . you can not treat I like this . welle I want to call . I could not . amy you could not ? welle you do not understand ... amy no , I do not , because you be not tell I anything ! welle I be in hell . if I call you ... if I hear you voice ... it would have be so easy for I to quit . I could not do that . tear come to Amy 's eye . amy you should have . welle Amy , I be not go to let anything happen to we . amy look where we be . look at yourself . you son of a bitch , you do not have any idea what you be put I through ... welle I do not know what to say amy you be kill I ... welle do not ... amy what be I suppose to think happen to you ?! welle Amy ... Welles go to Amy , but she pull away . she sit on the bed . Cindy 's still cry . Welles sit beside Amy , put she arm around she . welle forgive I . Amy cradle Cindy . Welles rest he head on Amy 's shoulder , place one hand on Cindy . welle we have to stay here a few day . I will get more clothing from the house if I can . I be sorry . ( pause ) we be go to be okay . Welles rise . he go to the phone , start dial . Amy look at he , wipe tear . amy who be you call ? welle Mrs. Christian . amy what ? welle she 's all I have get . she 's the only witness . amy Tom ... she 's dead . Welles look to Amy . amy she die in she sleep three day ago . it be in the paper ... welle I just talk to she . Cindy 's cry . Welles sit into a chair , try to understand this , he mind racing . he hang up the phone . amy how could you not know ? misery pull down the corner of Welles ' mouth . he try to find word , but none come . he sit forward and hide he face in he hand , overwhelm . Cindy 's cry . int . HOTEL room -- later night Cindy sleep , encircle by pillow and blanket on the bed . Amy watch she , run she hand gently across Cindy 's head . Amy rise , turn out the light , go to a balcony door ... ext . HOTEL room , balcony -- night Welles sit with he foot up on the balcony rail , look into the parking lot . Amy join he , sit . amy promise you will stay . Welles look at Amy . welle promise you will not go back there , wherever you be . whatever it be , forget it . Welles take a deep breath , nod he head . amy promise I . Welles look out into the night sky of star . welle I promise . Amy come to kiss Welles . Welles wrap he arm around she and hold she tight . she hold he . int . HOTEL room -- later night Amy be asleep on the bed beside Cindy . Welles come out from the bathroom in a fresh shirt and suit , turn off the bathroom light . he stand look at Cindy and Amy . ext . HOTEL -- night Welles exit the hotel , head to he Ford . int . welle ' car -- night Welles drive , stare ahead . through the windshield , the headlight illuminate the endless roadway . ext . kennedy airport -- night airplane take flight . Manhattan glitter in the distance . ext . wilshire office build -- day Eddie poole 's building . a typically bright , sunny LA day . in the street , Welles park a rental car , get out . int . wilshire office build , 8th floor hall -- day elevator door open and Welles get off . he move down the hall , around a corner , head to " celebrity film . " Welles try the door knob , find it lock . he look around , take two step back , kick forward ... smashes the translucent glass of the door ... int . celebrity film office -- day Welles push break glass out of the way , reach in to open the door . the office have be clean out , trash on the floor , desk drawer hang open and empty , shelf empty , poster go ... Welles grab one of the file cabinet , pull it open , find it empty , pull it all the way out and throw it . int . 8 th floor hallway -- day people peer out from other office , worried . Welles exit Eddie 's office , ignore they , go around the corner , straight to the stairwell , head downstairs ... ext . hollywood hill -- day Welles rental car park down the hill . Welles climb out , walk up the hill , head for Eddie 's ramshackle house . ext . eddie' house , garage -- day under the stilt of the porch , Welles pass Eddie 's car , look in to see it load with box and belonging . Welles move on to a door at the back of the garage . he take out lock - picking tool . int . eddie' house , stairway -- day Welles enter slow , pocket the tool , take out he gun . follow he up the stair , into a hallway , past a laundry room with washer and dryer , into a live room ... Welles sweep the room with he gun , wire . Eddie 's house be predictably a trash heap , strewn with video , magazine , dirty dish and fast food remnant . Welles move on ... int . eddie' bedroom -- day Eddie 's throw clothing into a suitcase , hurried . Welles come into the doorway , take aim , edging forward . welle hello , Eddie . Eddie spin , startle . welle put you hand on you head . Eddie look out of the corner of he eye ... to he gun . welle put you hand behind you head , lock you finger together , get down on you knee . Eddie do as command , get to he knee . Welles move towards he , very nervous , white - knuckling the gun . he kick Eddie in the stomach , double he over . welle I owe you a few . Welles kick again . int . eddie' kitchen -- day Welles enter the filthy kitchen , carry Eddie 's gun . at the sink , Welles pop the gun 's clip . he push the bullet out into he palm , one by one . he dump the bullet into the garbage disposal , drop the clip in , turn it on . the disposal make a terrible grinding noise , strain , till it finally go dead . int . eddie' live room -- day Welles go to the picture window and close the curtain . he turn on a lamp , go back towards the bedroom . after a moment , he return , drag Eddie on the floor ... Eddie 's bleed out he nose , hand duct - tape together behind he back , leg bound at the ankle , drag by a belt around he neck , choke ... Welles drop the belt , undoe it from Eddie 's neck . Eddie gasp for air . Welles pull he up , put he on the couch . welle do not go anywhere . Welles head for the stair ... ext . eddie' garage -- day Welles go to Eddie car , try the door , it 's unlock ... in the car Welles take the thick thomas guide map book off the dash . int . eddie' live room -- day Welles return . Eddie 's on the floor , wriggle . Welles drop the Thomas guide on the coffee table , pick Eddie up , throw he back onto the couch . eddie I be gonna kill you . welle do not bore I with that bullshit . eddie how would you find I here ? Welles punch Eddie in the ear . welle do not ask question . eddie fuck you ! Welles punch Eddie in the same ear . Eddie 's hurt . Welles rub he aching knuckle . welle start to recognize a pattern ? eddie what do you want ? welle who be Machine ? eddie I do not know ... welle I want he name . eddie I tell you , I do not know . welle I will never get tired of hurt you , Eddie , so you might want to change you attitude . eddie what the fuck be I gonna protect that freak for ? he be dino 's boy , not mine . he show up with he mask on , leave with he mask on . nobody know . Welles kick junk off a chair , sit , take out he gun . welle okay , we will come back to that . so , six year ago a guy contact you , through the classified , over the phone , however he do it . it 's longdale , look for a snuff film . and you , entrepreneur that you be , tell he you can hook he up . eddie yeah , the fuck lawyer . welle told he you could get he a snuff film . eddie yeah . welle how much do he pay you ? eddie thirty thousand each , that fuck cocksucker . welle that 's all ? thirty each . that 's all it take for you to murder she ? eddie it be a lot of fuck money . Welles stand and pace , despair . he pick up a lamp and throw it , shatter a mirror , keep pace ... welle so ... you bring dino in , and he bring Machine . and , one day , a girl walk into you office because you have a ad in the paper for model . and she never walk out . eddie something like that . welle what do you do , knock she out , shoot she up ... ? eddie what the fuck do you want from I ? welle I want to know . I want to know exactly what you do to she ! eddie fuck you then , you want to know ? I talk she up , tell she how beautiful she be , tell she she be gonna be a star . I tell she I be gonna get she a screen test , and while I be do that , I get she a soda and drop a mickey . when it be dark enough , I ring dino and tell he it be go time , I put she in the trunk of my car and we go and we fuck do it . that 's what happen . she 's dead . she 's be dead a long fuck time . nobody fuck care ! Welles put down he gun , pick up the Thomas guide , hold it in both hand , swing -- slam Eddie across the face ... Eddie 's stunne , lip bleed . he face forward . eddie you want to know , now you know . Welles swing the Thomas guide -- pound Eddie 's face again . Welles drop the Thomas guide in a chair , pick up he gun , leave the room ... int . eddie' kitchen -- day Welles enter , start look through drawer , search . he find silverware , select a serrate steak knife ... int . eddie' live room -- day Welles return , go to grasp Eddie by the shirt collar , drag he to the floor , face down . Welles stand on Eddie 's neck , use the knife to cut the duct tape on Eddie 's hand . eddie that 's right , motherfucker , cut I loose . be a man . Welles toss the knife , gun train on Eddie , pick up the Thomas guide and throw it at Eddie ... welle show I ! Eddie , hand now free , push himself to a seat position , look at the Thomas guide . welle show I where you do it , on the map , exactly where you do it . eddie why ? welle because we be go there . ext . 134 freeway -- day Welles ' rental car speed down the highway , east towards pasadena , leave the City of Los Angeles on the horizon . ext . mountain highway -- day Welles ' car travel a wind highway that serpentine up into the scenic , forest san bernadino mountain . ext . big bear -- dusk the sun be low . Big bear Lake be vast , surround by wilderness on all side . Welles ' car follow a two - lane roadway that run along the lake 's southern shore . Welles ' car pass sporadic summer home and cabin . ext . deserted roadway -- night heavy forest border close to the road . Welles ' car travel alone , headlight on , slow as it come to a overgrown gravel driveway with a rusty chain strung across it . in the car Welles lean forward to look up at a old sign of break neon and peel paint : " Big bear motor Lodge . " Welles pull forward , put the car in reverse ... on the roadway Welles ' car back up , angle , till the rear bumper come against the chain , backing ... till the chain snap . Welles ' car pull forward across the empty roadway , turn around ... accelerate down the overgrown driveway ... ext . big bear motor lodge -- night Welles ' car come down the driveway , into a small lot . in the car through the windshield : headlight reveal what 's leave of the abandon motor lodge , a registration office at the center with attach wing of room on both side . the left wing of room be a fire ravage , burnt - out skeleton . what remain of the office and right wing be board over , fall apart . no window have go unbroken . in the lot Welles turn out headlight and park . he get out , walk to look up the driveway . a car be heard . headlight can be see a good distance away through the forest as the car pass . Welles go to he car , unlock the trunk and open it . Eddie 's lie in there , arm and leg bound , gag . int . motor lodge room -- night the door be shove inward , hang crooked by one hinge . Eddie enter first , hand still bound behind he . Welles push Eddie forward , gun out . Welles turn on he penlight flashlight , shine it into the room . there dead leave all over the floor . the room 's empty except for a chair lie on its side . Welles sweep the room with the inadequate light . this be where Mary Anne mathews die , vaguely recognizable from the snuff film , without the furniture . eddie what be we do here ? Welles go to the bathroom door , keep the gun train on Eddie , push the bathroom door open with he foot ... the bathroom 's crack mirror reflect the penlight and Welles ' palely light face . welle that night ... you do not have to be in the room , but you be . ( look to Eddie ) why ? why do you watch ? Eddie go to the chair , tip it upright with he foot , sit . eddie I do not know . I feel like it . I never see anyone get do before . welle you enjoy it ? eddie make I sick , but what do I care ? what do I care if some hump want to beat off to that . it be just something I be do for money . welle tell I what happen . eddie what do you want to know ? you see it , you see the loop ... welle nobody see you bring she in ? eddie there be not nobody around . this place be a shit-hole . I back up the car to the door and we carry she in , like grocery . dino make she eat a bunch of pill , we laid out the plastic , put film in the camera and Machine go to work . welle what do you do with she body ? eddie take it out the bathroom window . buried it in the wood . welle show I . ext . big bear motor lodge -- night Eddie and Welles come around the corner of the abandon motel , Eddie lead the way , Welles follow with gun and flashlight , into the dense forest ... eddie what be you think you be gonna do ... ? Welles shove Eddie ahead . welle keep move . eddie where do you think you be take this , huh ? gonna be a big hero , avenge that little girl 's death ? gonna make everything right with the world ? how you gonna do that ... ? further on Welles and Eddie come over a hill , deeper into the forest ... eddie you can not go to the cop . all you can do be cut I loose and walk away , because you get nothing ... welle stop talk . eddie you get absolute zero . welle show I where you bury she . eddie I do not know ... ( nod to forest ) ... out there somewhere . welle where ? show I where . eddie I fuck do not know . what do you think ... we be not bury treasure . we do not pace it out so we could come back and get it . we dig a hole and we put she in it . you guess be as good as mine . Welles walk ahead of Eddie , distraught , shine he flashlight ahead across the indecipherable forest floor . eddie you will never find she . nobody ever will , and even if they do , it do not mean nothing . bring in the cop , bring in the f.b.i. , fuck them all . without the film , it never happen . do not you get it ? it 's over . you can not do anything . Welles turn , aim he gun at Eddie , furious . welle I can kill you . I can leave you out here , just like you leave she . Eddie 's not back down . eddie do it . welle do not think I will not . eddie do it ! put I out of my misery so I do not have to listen to you whining anymore . you think it 's so easy ? welle easy enough for you . eddie I never kill anyone . welle that 's right , you just stand there and watch , because you " feel like it . " almost make you worse . eddie what do you want ? you want I to fall to my knee and start cry like a baby ... ? Eddie walk towards Welles . Welles back away ... eddie where you go ? you be the one with the gun . be not I defenseless enough ? come on ... Eddie come ahead , defiant , the gun inch from he face . eddie go ahead and kill I . kill I with that gun , you gun , right , register in you name ? dig the hole yourself , with you bare hand , bury the body with you bullet in it . Fucking do it ! Welles step forward , press the gun against Eddie 's forehead , pull back the hammer ... Eddie just stare back at Welles with hatred in he eye . Welles be terrify , unsure ... try to muster the courage to do it ... gun hand tremble ... finger on the trigger ... int . motor lodge room -- night Eddie 's throw face down to the floor . Welles come to sit on Eddie 's back , face Eddie 's foot , holster he gun , take out duct tape and grab Eddie 's foot , wrapping they ... eddie you pussy . Welles keep go around Eddie 's ankle with the duct tape , till Eddie 's securely bound . he rip the tape roll free and get up , walk out ... eddie Fucking pussy ! ext . motor lodge -- night Welles pull the door close behind he , walk to he car . in the car Welles open the passenger door and sit , shake , at he wit 's end . he open the glove compartment , find cigarettes , dig one out and light it . he look back to the motel room . he look down to the glove compartment , at he cellular phone . after a moment , Welles pick up the phone , look at it in he hand . in the lot Welles get out of the car , get up on the hood , lay back , stare at the sky . he close he eye , smoke . Welles open the phone , look at the illuminate number . he dig in he suit jacket pocket , take out he notepad , page through , study one page . Welles sit up . he gather himself , throw he cigarette , dial a number , put the cellular to he ear , afraid ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) hello ... ? welle ( into phone ) Mrs. mathews ? it 's Thomas . do you remember , I be there a few week ago ... ask about you daughter ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) I remember . you just leave ... welle ( into phone ) I have to tell you something . it will not be easy for you to hear . it 's about you daughter ... Mary Anne ... ( struggle ) when I ... when I be there with you , she diary , in you attic , in silverware . if you read it , you will know what I be tell you be true ... Welles climb off the car , pace , aching with misery ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) what be you talk about ... ? welle she go to California , to Los Angeles ... she want to start over . she want to be a actress ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) what ... ? tear come to Welles ' eye . it 's the hardest thing he 's ever have to do in he entire life . welle Mrs. mathews , you daughter be dead . she 's dead . mrs mathews who be this ... ? welle someone ... some man , they take you daughter and they drugge she , and they take she to a motel room ... they do terrible thing to she ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) who be you ? welle they bring she into the room ... one man , he put a knife to she throat and he rape she ... mrs mathews no ... welle he rape she and ... and ... and he murder she ... he cut she up with knife ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) no ... no ... no ... welle they kill she , and they take she out in the forest somewhere and they bury she ... mrs mathews ( v.o. ) why ... why be you do this to I ... ? welle they murder she , Mrs. mathews , I be sorry . it happen a month after she run away . she 's be dead all this time ... mrs mathews be heard scream , let out a chocking sob . Welles fall back against the car , hold he head , weep ... welle I be sorry , I be so sorry ... there be not anything anyone could do ... Welles push disconnect , lower the phone , drop it to the ground , utterly drain . he put he forearm over he eye , gasp , suck air ... he look to the motel room , tamping down he sorrow , willing it to fuel he rage ... he take out he gun , hand unsteady , determine , open the gun and pour the bullet out . he close the gun and walk towards the motel room ... int . motor lodge room -- continuous Welles shove the door aside . the door 's hinge break and the door fall ... Eddie sit propped up against one wall , turn to look ... the door slam to the floor . Welles move forward , enraged , close on Eddie , raise he arm with the gun grasp by the butt ... Eddie 's eye go wide with fear ... Welles swing the gun down at Eddie 's head ... ext . motor lodge -- night -- continuous the only sound come from the night forest . cricket and distant bird . we can not see anything but the total darkness through the open door of the room . a car be heard , get louder as it pass , fainter as it get further away . finally , Welles come to the doorway , in shock , steadying himself against the door frame , shirt and suit spatter red . his gun hand and gun be soak with drip blood . Welles look back into the room , back away . he turn and go to he car ... in the car Welles climb in the driver 's side , shove he bloody gun into he holster , try to wipe blood from he hand onto he shirt , revolt . he start the car . int . eddie' house , live room -- night Welles enter and cross through ... int . eddie' kitchen -- night Welles go to the kitchen sink , turn on the water , start scrubbing he bloody hand , use dishwash liquid , scrubbing he hand desperately under run water . ext . eddie' garage -- night Welles come out of the house , go to open the rear door of Eddie 's car , look through box of Eddie 's belonging ... int . eddie' live room -- night Welles come up the stair with a BOX , dump the content onto the live room floor : it 's child pornography , Eddie 's collection from the office , hundred of photo ... int . eddie' kitchen -- night Welles pull open Eddie 's cabinet , search . he find pot and pan , choose a few of the large ... ext . eddie' garage -- night Welles use a cut piece of garden hose , siphon gas out from Eddie 's car , fill several kitchen pot ... int . eddie' live room -- night Welles come up the stair , carry pot of gasoline , dump the gasoline onto the pile of photograph ... int . eddie' bedroom -- night Welles dump gasoline over Eddie 's bed ... int . live room -- night Welles stand at the pile of gasoline soak photo , take out a matchbook , lighting one , lighting the whole book ... ext . eddie' house -- night Welles walk down the dark hill , head to he car . he get in , start the car and drive downhill , leave the headlight off . behind , the window of Eddie 's ramshackle house grow bright as FIRE spread and curtain burn . int . los angele airport -- night Welles stare ahead , in fresh shirt and suit , wait at a check -in counter . the female airline agent behind the counter type in she computer , stamp he ticket . Welles shift he gaze , something catch he eye ... beside a stapler on the counter , a pair of scissor . agent there you be , Mr. Welles , confirm through to Kennedy . Gate 32b . Welles stare , fixate on the scissor . agent Mr. Welles ? Welles look to the agent hold up the ticket . agent Gate 32b . Welles accept the ticket . ext . manhattan motel -- night the Empire State Building in the distance say NYC , and a camera pan down say another seedy motel ... int . motel room -- night Welles sit at a small desk , look through a phone book , white page , find ... " hospitals . " Welles pick up the phone , choose a number , dial it ... welle ( into phone ) hello , can you connect I with the duty nurse ? ( wait ) hello , this be Lieutenant Anderson down here in the Thirteenth precinct . I have get a helluva problem I be hope you could give I a hand with . we have a stabbing incident a couple of day ago , and it look like the suppose victim give we a false name and address . can you tell I if you have a adult male with a abdominal wound in you er in the last forty - eight hour ? ( listen ) you would remember this guy ; a body - builder , real big guy , five foot eleven , with acne all over he chest and back ... ( listen ) alright , thanks for you help . Welles hang up , use a pen to cross out a number in the phone book , start dial the next number . dissolve to : int . motel room -- later night Welles lie on the bed , on the phone , rub he eye . welle ( into phone ) ... guy stick out like a sore thumb . five foot ten or eleven , body -builder , bad acne ... ( listen ) okay , thanks anyway . Welles get up , hang up , bring the phone back to the desk . dissolve to : int . motel room -- morning the phone book be open on the desk with nearly a hundred hospital phone number cross out . welle ( o.s. ) ... abdominal wound . you would know he if you see he ... Light cut into the room from between the curtain . Welles pace , carry the phone with he , weary . welle ( into phone ) he 's a body - builder , stand just under six foot ... Welles stop in he track , listen , suddenly attentive . welle ( into phone ) that 's right ... cover in acne . that 's he , that 's the guy . listen , we , uh ... we think he file a bogus report on this stabbing , give we a false name and address ... ( listen ) yes , I will hold . Welles go to the desk , take out he notepad . he start feel he pocket for he pen , can not find it , telephone book , search , look under the desk ... Welles duck under the desk to grab the pen off the floor . welle ( into phone ) yes ... yes . ( sit , write in pad ) Christopher higgins . thirty - fifteen , thirty fifth Street . where ? astoria , queen . Welles be scribbling all this down in he notepad . ext . queen STREET -- day a relatively quiet residential street . home be small , two story affair , close together , each very much like its neighbor , some with tiny yard fence in by brick wall . Welles ' Ford come slowly down the street . child in school uniform be head off for the day in group . Welles parallel park . in the car Welles turn off the engine . he 's watch a house on the other side of the street . the house be brick on the bottom , aluminum siding on top , quaint , with brick staircase from the front door down to a garage underneath , plastic pink flamingos on the small lawn . Cars pass in the street . Welles watch school child pass on the near sidewalk . he slump down a little in he seat , adjust the rearview mirror , adjust he side mirror , roll up the window . Welles take a cautionary look around , take out he gun , pour bullet out and pocket they . he pick up a paper bag off the passenger seat and open it . he take out a long , thin metal file , pull off the shrink wrap package , feel the file with he thumb . keeping he open gun low under the steering wheel , Welles slide the file into the barrel , scraping gently all along the gun 's inner barrel . dissolve to : int . welle ' car -- later day Welles sit smoking a cigarette , watch the quaint house . he look in he side mirror ... there 's a large car come down the block with its turn signal on . Welles slump a little lower . the car pass , slow . the garage door of the quaint house begin to open . Welles watch ... can not really see the driver of the car except for the back of he head , but he 's huge . it 's a good bet it 's Machine . beside he in the passenger seat be a grey haire old woman . the car pull into the darkness of the quaint house 's garage . after a moment , the old woman come from the garage , walk with a cane , wear glass . she go to the sidewalk , check she mailbox , find it empty . Welles watch . the old woman go back to the garage . she go inside . the garage door close behind she . dissolve to : int . welle ' car -- night Welles still watch the house . there 's a light on in one of the second floor window , curtain close . Welles yawn , shaking he head , try to stay awake . at the quaint house , a light come on in the front picture window . look like a live room or dining room . the old woman come to sit at a table . Welles take binocular off the front seat ... through binoculars the old woman say something to someone we can not see . she 's at the dinner table , with a place set in front of she . after a moment , someone join she ... it 's Machine , you can tell by he bulk , by he huge forearm . the lacy curtain of the window block part of we view , so we never see he face . in the car Welles lower the binocular , still watch . through the window across the street , Machine can be see put a plate of food in front of the old woman . the old woman smile up at he , say something . Machine go to light two candle on the table with match , then go back to stand beside the old woman . Machine be see from behind , bend to give the old woman a kiss on the cheek , then leave the room . the old woman start to eat . dissolve to : int . welle ' car -- day Dawn light be just break . Welles have fall asleep , slump low behind the wheel , snore lightly . Welles awaken with a start , look around , confuse . he calm , rub he eye , wiping sweat from he feature . across the STREET the quaint house 's garage door begin to rise . in the car Welles see this , keep low , watch ... the big car back out into the street . the old woman 's behind the wheel , wear a hat , drive away , alone . Welles watch the car head away in the rear view mirror . on the STREET Welles get out of he car , shut the door quietly behind he . he start walk towards the quaint house , look all direction , make sure no one 's around . ahead , the garage door begin to close . Welles pick up the pace , try not to look too conspicuous . the garage door 's halfway down ... Welles run towards the garage , have to dive and roll to get there , but he make it under the door just as it close . above in one window of the quaint house , a eyeball be peer out from lacy curtain , then move away and curtain fall shut . int . quaint house , garage -- day Welles get up , take out he gun , brush off . the garage be dark , full of box and junk . Welles move towards the door to the house . int . quaint house , bedroom -- day Machine , in T-shirt and jeans , see only from behind , come to a dresser and open a bottom drawer . his huge hand push clothing aside , digging deep to the bottom of the drawer , take out the wrestling mask . Machine stand straight , pull the mask down over he head . int . basement -- day Welles enter from the garage , gun up . the dank basement be small . a pile of laundry lie on the floor near a washing machine . sheet hang off several clothes line strung across two metal pole . Welles lead with he gun ... he move around the sheet , look behind they . there 's a wooden staircase lead upstairs . Welles start up , tread lightly , try not to make a sound ... int . kitchen -- day Welles slowly open the door to the kitchen , point he gun . no one here . the decor be feminine , neat and tidy . it 's grandma 's house , and it show , with gaudy print wallpaper everywhere , every shelf display hummel figurine or collector plate . very Home Shopping Network . int . dine room / live room -- day Welles slowly open the swinging door , enter from the kitchen , sweeping the room with he gun . no sign of Machine . the whole house be dead quiet . he pass the dining room table where he watch the old woman eat last night ... pass fake painting on the wall , of waterfall and sunset mountain landscape ... move into the live room area ... yellow shag carpet . a pink sofa be cover in clear plastic , face a old television in faux - wooden cabinet . Welles head for a staircase lead to the second floor . Welles creep up the stair ... int . second floor hallway -- day Welles come up from the stair , arrive at a close door . he open the door . it 's a linen closet , with towel and sheet on shelf , and a shelf of medicine . Welles shut the door and move on . there be two door ahead , both close . Welles take the one to the right ... int . machine's bedroom -- day Welles push the door in , enter warily . there 's a constant scratching heard . the room be like a child 's , except the bed be huge . shelves be full of boardghame and comic book . a danzig poster on the wall . there 's a record player with lp record beside it . a record turn on the turntable , the needle catch at the center , scratching ... Welles ease he way over to the closet ... reach ... pull it open , step back , gun up . nothing . just clothing . int . second floor hallway -- day Welles cross , open the door across the hall , enter ... down the hall , very slowly , Machine 's head rise on the stair , in the garish wrestle mask , peer . int . grandma's room -- day Welles stay near the door , look around . there 's a fuzzy sky - blue comforter on the bed , fuzzy blue slipper nearby . lot of bottle of medicine on the bedside table . Welles lower he gun , take a step back , into the hall ... int . second floor hallway -- day Welles turn ... Machine charge down the hall , scream with rage , bowie knife raise to kill ... Welles bring he gun up , but Machine 's upon he , stabbing ... Welles catch Machine 's hand , stop the knife . Machine grip Welles ' gun hand , shove he back ... Welles be slammed against the wall , grapple , gun hand pin . Welles gun goe off , once ... twice ... blowing hole in the ceiling . Machine 's grunt , push the knife forward ... closer to Welles , face ... closer ... Welles struggle , overpower . the tip of the horrible knife be inch away ... Welles bend he knee , crouching , try to gain distance from the blade ... Machine pull Welles gun hand lower , bring it against the swinging laundry chute door build into the wall , begin twist Welles ' hand back , try to pry the gun loose ... Welles look out the corner of he eye to he gun ... Welles turn he gun hand , slow struggle to aim the gun towards the knife , but it 's awful close to he face ... the knife 's shaking , less than a inch from Welles ' cheek ... Welles shut he eye and turn he head , let out a cry , fire he gun ... the bullet blast Machine 's knife , knock it away ! Machine recoil for a millisecond , but bring he now free hand to Welles ' throat , choke he . Welles ' face redden , bleed from bullet fragment ... Welles try to pry Machine 's finger from he throat . Machine work on Welles ' gun hand with violent , renew effort -- slam Welles ' hand against the laundry chute ... slam it ... slam it ... till Welles drop the gun ... the gun can be heard clatter down the chute . Machine bring he hand to join the other around Welles ' throat . Welles can not break the grip ... Welles punch Machine 's face , till blood run out from the mask 's nose hole , but it 's have no effect ... Welles bring he knee up hard -- into Machine 's stomach ! Machine fall to he knee with a roar , hold he already wounded stomach , bleed through he shirt ... Welles fall , clutching he throat , gasp . he struggle to he foot , leap past , headlong towards the stair ... Machine rise , charge after ... on the staircase Welles be tackled from behind ... Welles and Machine tumble down the stair , smashing the wooden railing , toppling a bookshelf ... landing hard ... Welles punch and kick , break free , run across the live room . Machine rise to give chase ... Welles grab a dining room chair and throws it ... Machine knock the chair aside , keep come . Welles grip another chair , use it to hold Machine off ... Machine grip the chair by the leg . Welles shove forward , push Machine back , let go ... Welles dive under the dining table , crawl on he hand and knee , scramble ... Machine throw the chair , run , leap ... Machine land on the table , crawl to the far edge , grabbing down with he meaty fist as Welles move forward ... under the table , Welles jerk back , avoid , then rise , extend he knee , pushing upwards from underneath ... Welles flip the table , throw Machine to the floor ... Welles charge towards the kitchen door , fall , get up ... Machine get to he foot ... in the kitchen Welles shove through the swinging door ... Machine burst through , catch Welles , tackling he ... Welles hit the floor with Machine on top . Machine begin to rein punch down on Welles , head and back ... Welles try to cover up , take a real beat ... Machine rise , grip Welles , lifting he , throws he ... Welles smashes into shelf of knick - knack over the kitchen sink , shatter a window , landing on the sink and counter . Machine come to grip Welles again , drag he across the counter , knocking everything to the floor ... Machine swing Welles , release he ... Welles slam the refrigerator and slump to the ground , try to stay conscious , try weakly to get back up ... Machine come to Welles , get on he knee ... Machine wrap he arm around Welles ' neck from behind , get he in a choke hold , tighten he grip , cut off Welles airway with he forearm ... Welles try to break Machine 's impossible grip with one hand , begin search the floor with he other hand ... frantically feel for anything he can use ... Welles ' face be blood red ... Welles ' hand grasp desperately ... find a fork , grip it ... Welles swing the fork back , stab it into Machine 's thigh ! Machine scream , release Welles and fall back , reach around to the fork ... Welles get to he knee , suck air , turn to look ... Machine crawl away , pull the fork out with tremble finger . Beyond he , there 's the basement door . Welles get to he foot , look ... he grab a frying pan off the counter , grip it in both hand and move towards Machine ... Machine 's get up ... Welles bash Machine in the face with a upward swing of the fry pan ... Machine be send backpedal , crashing into the oven ! Welles drop the pan , leap over Machine , to the door ... in the basement Welles come down the stair , fall when he get to the bottom , barely have any strength leave . he look all direction , see the laundry chute in the ceiling ... Welles get up , stumbling , fall to he knee at the pile of dirty laundry , start digging through it , search desperately , throw clothing aside ... behind , Machine come down the stair , a bloody mess ... Welles search the laundry pile ... Machine reach the bottom of the stair , head for Welles . Welles turn , have the gun in hand , fire twice ... hitting Machine in the shoulder and stomach , knock Machine a few step backwards ... Welles fire ... Machine 's hit in the chest , fall back , into hang laundry , pull down the clothes line and sheet ... Machine hit the ground , wrap in sheet . Welles stand , still aim the gun , pull the trigger on a empty chamber . out of bullet . Machine 's try to pull free from the sheet , try to get back up to he foot . Welles let out a sob , drop the gun , walk to Machine ... Welles climb onto Machine from behind , take clothing line in hand , start wrapping the cord around Machine 's throat ... Welles pull back on the clothes line , pull it tight ... Machine try to get he finger around the cord . Welles stand , pull tighter , put a foot on Machine 's back , pull the clothes line with all he might ... the cord 's cut into Welles ' hand , draw blood . Machine , face down , let out a gurgle sound , struggle , struggle ... till he finally stop move . Welles release the cord , take a step back , breathe hard , tremble . he look around the basement . Welles walk to pick up he gun , replace the gun in he holster . he stand look at Machine . Welles walk to Machine , bend , grasp Machine wrestle mask , pull it off . he roll Machine over ... Welles stare down at Machine . we never see Machine 's face . int . kitchen -- day Welles come up from the basement , slow , hurt . he look around at the damage do , look down to see he 's still hold Machine 's mask . he drop it . ext . quaint house -- day Welles cross the street , go to he car . he get into he car , start it , pull out and drive away . ext . welle ' house -- day bird sing . kide be kick around a soccer ball down the street . Welles ' Ford arrive , pull into the driveway . int . welle ' house , front hallway -- day Welles come in the front door , still a horrible mess . welle hello ?! Amy ? he wait . the house be quiet . no one home . ext . welle ' house -- later day dusk . a car come down the street , slow ... in the car Amy sit forward , see Welles ' car in the driveway . Cindy 's in a child safety seat in back . int . welle ' house , front hallway -- day Amy come in the front door , carry Amy . amy Tom ?! no answer . int . welle ' house , bedroom -- day any push the bedroom door open and look in . Welles be asleep on the bed , still in he clothing and shoe . Amy watch he sleep , sad . Amy back out of the room , pull the door shut . int . welle ' house , bedroom -- night Dark . Welles sleep , still in bloody clothing . he 's restless , shifting , muttering under he breath . bad dream . Welles suddenly sit bolt upright in the bed , look around the dark room , breathe hard . int . welle ' house , kitchen -- night Cindy 's in she high - chair by the table . Amy 's at the kitchen sink , wash vegetable , peel potato . Welles come to stand in the doorway behind she . Amy turn to look at he . it break she heart to see he so wounded , but she force herself to continue work in the sink . amy how much forgiveness do you think I have in I ? Welles come into the kitchen , stand beside Cindy , put he hand out and clasp 's Cindy 's tiny hand . welle I can not talk about it yet ... not yet . Amy keep peel potato , refuse to look at he . Welles look down at Cindy , pat Cindy 's head , look back at Amy . he stand look at Amy for a long moment . ext . welle ' house , backyard -- day Welles wear he fishing cap , push he lawn mower , mow he yard . he have do some heal , though he face be still swollen and terribly bruise . int . kitchen -- night Welles feed Cindy with one hand , eat he own dinner with the other . Amy 's across the table , eat , watch they . int . basement -- day Welles work on the water heater , wrench in hand , read a instruction sheet . he put the sheet aside , use the wrench to begin loosen one of the pipe fitting . ext . welle ' house -- night Welles drag two garbage can from the garage to the street , leave they by the mailbox , walk back to the house . int . bedroom -- night Welles and Amy be in bed . Amy 's asleep , on she side , face away from Welles . Welles lay awake , on he back , stare up at the ceiling . int . supermarket aisle -- day Welles push a cart down one aisle . he look at he list , take a BOX of cereal off one shelf , put it in the cart . int . supermarket check -out -- day Welles wait in line with he cart . it 's a long line . he take out he wallet , open it . in the fold of the wallet , there 's a photo fold into quarter . Welles unfold it and look at it dolefully . it 's the photo of Mary Anne mathews , the image Welles print from early in the snuff film . sad girl . Welles fold in back up , put it in another pocket . he look forward in the line to see if it 's move . ext . supermarket -- day Welles transfer bag of groceries from the shopping cart into the back seat of he Ford . int . welle ' ford -- day Welles drive on the highway , grocery in back . he watch the roadway ahead . there 's little traffic . Welles glance down , turn on the radio . some classical music plays . Welles stare forward through the windshield . after a moment , Welles turn the radio off . he drive . the only SOUND be the drone of the engine and tire . Welles be suddenly overwhelm by emotion , eye fill with tear . he try to fight it , but can not help himself . his face contort with sorrow and he cannot stop cry , let out a loud wail of misery ... ext . highway -- day -- continuous Welles ' car move to the shoulder , brake to a sudden halt . int . welle ' ford -- day -- continuous Welles take great deep breathes and let they out , over and over again , wiping at he tear . he let out a little high - pitch whine from far back in he throat ... welle why ... why ... ? he 's wrack by sobbing . int . welle ' house , cindy room -- day Amy 's in a chair , read a book , not far from Cindy 's crib . Cindy 's asleep . the front door of the house be heard open and close from far off in the house . Amy look up momentarily , then return to read . footstep can be heard come through the house , get closer . Amy look up from she book . the bedroom door 's open a crack . the door slowly push open . Welles stand there , eye red from cry . amy Tom ... ? Welles come into the room , stand before Amy . he get to he knee , put he head in Amy 's lap , wrap he arm around she waist . Amy hold he , worried , eye fill with tear . welle I have to tell you ... I have to tell you what happen . I have to tell you everything , but we can not tell anyone else . no one else can ever know . Amy run she finger through he hair , bend down to rest she head on he back , hold he with she eye close . Welles hold tighter . welle you be all I have get . you be all I have ever have . ( pause ) you be the only one who can save I . the end