noruz film '' ramin bahrani 2013 99 home Story by ramin bahrani bahrani azimi screenplay by ramin bahrani amir naderi ii . the Grand inquisitor : '' ' better that you enslave we , but feed we . 's they will finally understand that freedom and earthly bread in plenty for everyone be inconceivable together , for never , never will they be able to share amongst themselves . '' - fyodor dostoevsky , the Brothers karamazov I /e . eviction home - day a blood-stain wall near family photo . policemen take flash photo of the dead homeowner , gun in he lifeless hand . officer dudura question two sheriff ( 30 - 5as ) but try to get the attention of a impeccably dress rick carver ( 40s ) , talk on the phone . he 's a smart , ambitious real estate broker , with a mean-streak . officer dudura Rick ?... Mr. carver ?... rick carver I nil be with you in a second . he continue he call ; want to look away from the dead homeowner , but can not . rick carver ( into phone ) remove the power meter , turn off they water , and let ‘em sweat a couple day , then ride up on you white fuck horse and tell they you have a interested cash - buyer and that Rick carver can get the short - sale approve ... Jesus , do I have to hold you hand while you give they a hand job , Bill ? get I that property . he smoke a electronic cigarette . rick carver yes , John - Officer dudura - you have my court order sign by the judge . what else can I do for you ? officer dudura you be the bank 's realtor for the eviction today . I need a official statement . what happen ? why ? Rick walk though the house ; dudura and sheriff follow . rick carver well , dudura , it 's a real shame , because we arrive here with two pizza for Mr. kadwell , the property owner , but he do not want the anchovy , so he go into the house , pull out a gun , and blow he brain out . outside the home neighbor have gather . policemen , emt , news team . a policewoman and neighbor console a sobbing wife and two kide . rick carver ( point to cry wife ) that set off Mrs. kadwell , who be expect chinese for dinner . dudura look disgust ; sheriff # 1 snicker . officer dudura you be talk about someone who just kill himself . rick carver I be the last man who knock on Patrick kadwell 's door - in he life . that 's he wife of twelve year , samantha , and son , Dylan - eight - and daughter , paige - eleven . what official statement be go to encapsulate the tragic absurdity of this fuck up situation , dudura ? I can not bring he back to life , so please stop waste my time . he walk away and answer he ringing phone . rick carver ( into phone ) this be Rick carver ... I be fine , dear ... turn the tv off and keep the girl away from the internet ... I have get the other line . - this be Rick carver ... keyless entry and he get into - int . rick's lexus lx - continuous - the high - end , high - tech , luxury Lexus lx suv . rick carver ride it up to $ 200,000 , $ 220 cap ... no more than 10 % down , 7.5 % make I sing . and get the miguel ready . it 's 2 grand a month on interest alone . I want to flip this finger . get back to I . - call office . on- board system dial . the two sheriff knock on he window . sheriff # 1 anything else , boss ? rick carver next eviction 's Tuesday . natalia will call you . they leave . he scroll email on a iPad secure to he dash . natalia ( through speaker ) Rick carver Realty . rick carver talk to I . my world 's upside - down . natalia ( through speaker ) I be email you revise itinerary ... also , um , Jerry from Toyota credit call again - rick carver - Jerry 's full of shit . keep talk . natalia ( through speaker ) the high rise come through , pud and all . what do you want I to tell they ? suddenly hear shrieking . he look out the window : Police hold back the shrieking wife as emt push she Dead husband on a gurney and load he into a wait ambulance . ext . construction site / mcmansion subdivision - day dennis nash ( 29 , blue collar , smart ) and dennis 's crew ( 2 guy ) put up a mansion . Dennis chalk line base on blueprint . use a power see to cut wood . hot , he 's sweat ; tat on he arm . Dennis put up the frame . walk on wood beam way up high . later elliott , the gc ( 30 - 5as ) argue with Crew leader who stop Dennis and Crew . crew leader stop work ! that 's it . stop ! the buyer do not qualify , the lender 's out , we be do . dennis what do that mean in term of payment ? crew leader it mean we have be work for free . all this from roof to cement be for nothing . hey , no more dinero ! stop ! let 's go home . int . court / globe area - continuous connor ( 9 , smart , inquisitive , stubborn ) and frank 's son ( 9 ) look at Australia on a large globe . frank greene ( 30 - 40s , blue collar , smart , humble ) franks wife and franks son # 2 ( 5 ) nearby . Dennis be on the phone . dennis connor . what be you do ? we be gonna be late . come on . connor shrug and say goodbye to Frank 's son . dennis who 's that ? connor we be in the same school . a paper fall from Dennis 's folder . connor pick it up and hand it to he dad . int . court ; courtroom - day the bailiff try to keep order in the chaotic courtroom of confuse homeowner and gossipe lawyer . connor watch Dennis defend himself against the FREEMAN lawyer . a judge ( 5as - 70 ) preside . FREEMAN lawyer you honor , he miss three payment and be underwater over $ 80 grand . the bank could have a buyer in place within 30 day . judge do you fail to make three payment , Mr. nash ? dennis yes , sir - but I be tell to , it be two department of the same bank tell I the opposite thing and then just recently I get this final notice for eviction - FREEMAN lawyer you honor , you already enter summary judgement here . we have like to close by the end of the month . judge I see no reason to hold up the sale dennis hold on a minute - they tell I not to pay , that 's why I be behind , they tell I - it be two department of the same bank , tell I different thing you honor . judge while I be sympathetic to you situation , I have 40000 case like this back up behind yours . final judgement grant . I be order you to vacate the premise . dennis that 's my family home , you honor . I be bear and raise in that home . so be my son , connor . please do not do this . we have live there we whole life , my mom run she business out of that home . that 's we second source of income . judge this be you son ? dennis yes , that 's my son . judge then he should be in school , not here . dennis he 's gonna lose he school with all due respect you honor , if we lose we home . judge Sun trust versus cunningham . dennis give I a bit more time you honor . judge bailiff , please remove Mr. nash . dennis you honor , I just need a bit more time . Excuse I , I just need a bit more time . judge you have 30 day to file a appeal like everyone else . bailiff please remove Mr. nash . connor watch the bailiff move Dennis aside as the next homeowner awkwardly take Dennis 's place . int . dennis 's truck [ moving ] - day Dennis smoke and drive ; connor near he . they have lose . connor where be we go to stay if we lose the home ? dennis we be not lose the home , bud . connor how do you know ? the cop be not come back ? I just wanna know how you be gonna pay for it . dennis connor ! - I be gonna figure it out . that judge give we 30 day . no one 's take the home from we . ext . dennis 's home / neighborhood - day Dennis 's middle - class home . derek and kide ride bike and play in the street . Dennis pull up . connor yo , derek ! 7. he run off to play with derek . Dennis check the mail ; wave to a neighbor . connor ride bike . dennis you be careful , connor ! int . dennis 's home - continuous his mom , lynn cut she client 's hair . Lynn be a hairdresser who love she family ; she 's social , moody , loving , a little lose since she husband die . lynn so , tell I everything - do they give you a lawyer , do they - ? dennis it 's the same story with the bank guy , it 's the same story everywhere we go . lynn ( to she client ) we have to find a lawyer , you know - he go to the live room and shuffles through pile of bill , note , bank paperwork . ( they home be cluttere , live - in ; the decor belong to he parent . family photo line the wall , include Dennis 's dad . the family have live here over 40 year . it feel like it . ) dennis I be just try to figure out what this 30 - day thing mean ; he say we have get 30 day to file a appeal , but do that mean the eviction 's not happen tomorrow ? lynn but the judge tell you 30 day . dennis I know , the judge say we get 30 day to file for a appeal - lynn well he 's a judge , not a bartender ! we be in good shape . int . dennis 's home / kitchen & live room - night in the live room : Dennis sit at a table with a mountain of bill and a eviction notice . Quick series of phone call : dennis ( into phone ) my name be Dennis nash , I be call look for representation . I understand that you guy sometimes do not need a retainer ? later dennis ( into phone ) when you go through what you go through , you be able to find someone pro bono - I be just wonder if he can help ? later : in the kitchen , Lynn bring dinner to connor who study . a loving bond between they . connor lose be to find as outside be to indoors , inside - lynn and what 's another example ? connor Black and white ? lynn ( give he a plate ) Black and white ? what 's another one ? give I one more . later : in the live room , Dennis look exhaust . dennis 454-0189 . please give we a call back . Dennis put down the phone , exhaust , lose hope - but he stretch and reenergize himself for more call . ext . dennis 's home - night Lynn smoke . Dennis enter . they share a cigarette . dennis sometimes , I do not know what to say to connor . lynn I be so young when I have you , you have to raise I .... you 's 1ll know what to say . int . dennis 's home ; connor 's room - night connor lie asleep in bed . Dennis watch he from the hallway . he turn off the light . ext . dennis 's home - morning men gather on the lawn : sheriff ( from open scene ) , a locksmith , jeff ( redneck ) and he clean -out-crew ( 4 low - class guy ) near a van and truck . Rick carver pull up . int . / ext . rick 's range rover / dennis 's home - continuous Rick speak into '' on board ; " he prop he foot up - a ankle holster with a gun . check he ruger , put it back . rick carver borrow against Blair Street to cover via alizar . I will flip that this quarter . natalia ( through speaker ) good . and landon at code enforcement ? rick carver I have a short sale for that cocksucker . i’1l email the detail . natalia ( through speaker ) get it . sheriff # 1 afternoon , boss . Love the new ride . rick carver Range Rover hse . sheriff # 1 be this the nash eviction ? rick carver yeah , anyone home ? 10 . sheriff # 1 I be not sure , but they vehicle 's home . rick carver alright , let 's get to it . they approach Dennis 's door . sherriff # 1 knock . Dennis look out the window . they see he . sheriff # 1 he 's at the window . Rick look over . he and Dennis lock eye for the first time . int . dennis 's home - continuous Dennis hesitates , sheriff knock . do not know what to do . he look in the next room , see Lynn . lynn what be it ? dennis sheriff be here . lynn why be they here ? knock louder . they go to the door . Dennis open the front door as the two large sheriff step forward . Lynn stand next to Dennis . sheriff # 1 good afternoon . I be deputy Anderson with the sheriff department and we be here to serve you a court - — order eviction . dennis no . I think there 's a mistake . we have - sheriff # 1 Sir , mar 'am , do either of you have weapon on you body or in the property ? lynn no no no , not we . 11 . sheriff # 1 Mr. carver ! Dennis watch Rick come forward . rick carver good morning , sir . ma ’am . I be Rick carver , a real estate broker , and I be sorry to say this home have be foreclose on and officially transfer to the bank . i’1l need you to please vacate the property . dennis nobody 's '' vacate '' the home . I be in court yesterday , and the judge inform I I have thirty day to file a appeal and that 's what I be go to do . rick carver please show I you have post bond and have a emergency stay sign by a judge , and you be welcome to remain here . dennis I get a question , you guy do not get any reschedule of the - rick carver ( show paper ) this be a court order sign by a judge date today for you to leave this property . lynn Excuse I , Rick ? dennis Mom . rick carver my office offer you a $ 3,500 cash - for-key settlement from the bank to leave last month , but you refuse . dennis yes , we refuse . lynn well , we do not refuse , we try to save we house - 12 . rick carver I appreciate this be a difficult situation , but the time have come , you have to leave the property . you be trespasp right now , you be break the law . lynn Sir , this be we home , so , we just need a few minute - Rick motion to sheriff # 1 , who step forward . Rick walk away and put he sunglass on . sheriff # 1 Sir , you and you mom need to step foot out of the home now . dennis no . we be not go to do that . just give we 24 hour - lynn you all can come back , same time , and if we do not have the papers , we do not have the proof , then we will leave . dennis we have a lawyer , we have it all figure out . Lynn try to close the door . lynn we need a day . sheriff # 1 ma’am , do not close the door . lynn we need a day . sheriff # 1 here 's what I can do . you have two minute to gather whatever personal item you need - cash , checkbook , medicine - and then - dennis no , this be not happen . sheriff # 1 yes , this be happen . 13. dennis no , this be not happen . lynn I be go to call the lawyer . sheriff # 2 ma ’am ! Excuse I . sheriff # 2 move past Dennis , enter the home . dennis Excuse I , please do not come into my house . sheriff # 1 there be two way that we can do this . the easy way , where you do what you be tell . or the hard way , where I take you and you mom to jail . do you want you mom to go to jail ? what I have like you to do , take advantage of the two minute - Dennis notice Rick stand inside he house . dennis Sir , would you mind step outside of the property ? rick carver this be not you home , son . dennis Mr. carver ? Rick ignore he and walk into the house . the sheriff list off statue of the law . lynn Sir , we have the right to a attorney . just because somebody forget to call you , we do not geta lawyer ? rick carver it 's better not to get emotional right now mar ’am . dennis you be kick we out of we home ! lynn please , okay , please ! 14 . sheriff # 1 enough of this , let 's go . Dennis calm he scream mom and relent . they start pack up . sheriff # 1 get what you need to get and let 's go . lynn 's bedroom sheriff # 2 watch Lynn grab she jewelry , checkbook , medicine . lynn Sir , I do not need you help , ok ? do you need to follow a woman into she bedroom ? sheriff # 2 it 's just department policy . money , checkbook , thing like that . wallet , picture - lynn I be try to get picture ! connor' bedroom sheriff # 1 hover over Dennis as he grab connor 's book , thing , a Orlando Magic basketball jersey ... dennis do he have to stand there with she as she pack up she underwear ?! be that right ?! sheriff # 1 it 's policy , sir . Dennis take down connor 's basketball hoop . he notice Rick stand in the hallway . Rick walk on . live room Dennis carry out a box of belonging . Lynn emerge with a box of she own . dennis what else mom ? they frantically look around . later 15 . lynn I want my plant . sheriff # 1 there 's no time for that . you need to step outside now . rick carver let she take the plant . sheriff # 1 you two minute be long go , you need to move . dennis can I ask where it say two minute on you clipboard ? rick carver Sir , the two minute be a courtesy . dennis the two minute be what ? rick carver a courtesy . you be trespasp right now . I know it 's painful to hear but it 's the truth . rick carver ma’am , do you need anything else ? lynn yes , the toaster oven . my grandson like he toast in the morning . Rick unplug the toaster and hand it to she . later rick carver alright , Randy , you say the two minute be up , right ? Dennis move into the live room for the bill on the table . dennis I be just get the bill . sheriff # 1 ok . this way , this way . 16 . he escort Dennis and Lynn out . ext . dennis 's home - continuous out of they home where Rick motion to the locksmith and bz2z222z - startles Dennis . he 's already change the lock . sheriff # 1 ( to Rick ) I be gonna clear it . he go back in as Rick escort Dennis and Lynn to the curb . rick carver all the way to the curb . you be now trespasp on a bank -own home - you can not stand in the lawn . all the way to the curb , please . dennis we be go . lynn what about the rest of we thing ? rick carver the clean-out - crew will bring you belonging to the end of the drive . no need to worry about that . they reach the curb ; Dennis put the large plant down . rick carver my advice would be to get a move truck because you neighbor be go to have access to everything you own by the end of the day . Lynn turn to Dennis , who avoid she look . Rick notice . sheriff # 1 step out of the home : sheriff # 1 clear ! rick carver Jeff , get ‘em to it ! he motion to Jeff who lead he crew into the home . Rick follow they . neighbor stare at Dennis and Lynn from they lawn . 17 . Crew exit with sofa , coffee table , tv , and dump they in front of Dennis and Lynn . lynn ( to neighbor ) can you believe this ? they cancel the eviction and do not even tell this guy . she be shame in front of she neighbor . Crew continue to bring out furniture . Lynn be shaking . lynn oh my god , oh my god ... Dennis stare , watch he house get emptied by stranger . Rick stare at Dennis from the porch smoking he e-cigarette . ext . dennis 's home - later the pile of belonging on the street and in Dennis 's truck have grow larger . the Crew continue to work . Dennis gather thing ; neighbor friend and husband stand near Lynn , who sit in the chair try to keep she dignity . Dennis notice Jeff try to move he red tool cabinet . dennis hey ! yo ! do not mess with that , man . you gotta unlock the wheel , and do not touch anything inside there . Jeff ignore he . Dennis mumble curse and lift a heavy overturn chest . he slam scattered drawer into place . neighbor friend wanna put some stuff in we garage ? we do not have much room , but ... dennis some of the valuable . thanks . he turn to see : the school bus pull up . connor , derek and some kid get off the bus . Dennis be uncertain what to do . connor take in what be happen . the school kide gossip and giggle as the bus drive away . 18 . derek yo , what 's happen ?... suddenly , connor walk towards the house . dennis connor , wait - Rick get in he way . rick carver hey , son . where you head ? connor this be my house . rick carver I be sorry , this be not you home anymore . connor that 's my house . dennis ( to Rick ) please do not talk to my son . talk to I . ( grab connor 's arm ) let 's go . connor rip he arm free . Dennis grab he again . they struggle as Dennis try to hold onto he . connor get off ! I want to go to my room . dennis calm down . rick carver Mr. nash , I know this be difficult , but please take you son off the property . connor that 's my house . I want to go to my room . dennis I know . we will go to you room later . rick carver Mr. nash , please . 19 . dennis I hear you ! - connor , stop . Rick motion to the sheriff who approach while Dennis try to control connor . the neighbor stare . connor let go of I ! let go ! that 's we house ! Dennis stare at he son ... total loss . ext . dennis 's home - later the pile of belonging be even larger . the eviction be over . connor and derek across the street . derek where you move to ? connor I dunno . derek be you come to school tomorrow ? connor shrug ; Dennis call he over ; connor walk when - derek can we still play NBA 2 k tomorrow ? connor see ya ... Dennis put he mom into the truck next to connor . Dennis and he neighbor friend exchange look and a hand shake . Rick approach Dennis as he get in he truck . rick carver Mr. nash , you have 24 hour before my crew will return and dispose of whatever remain . not my choice ; code enforcement . good luck . Dennis get in he truck . Lynn and she friend clasp hand as the truck pull away leave they home behind . 20 . i/e. dennis 's pick - up truck [ moving ] / orlando - sunset like okie from the Dust bowl , the family be cramme in the crowded truck . ext . motel parking lot - night Dennis 's truck pull in and park . as they unpack they see : motel resident , thug , poor family hang out , drink near the pool , etc . balcony pile with belonging , clothes hang to dry . they realize family live here . motel woman ( 40s ) hang with a couple friend at they door talk . motel woman hey. welcome . what room ya will in ? lynn 230 . motel woman it 's over there . we can watch you stuff while you move ... how long you stay ? dennis just a couple night . motel woman two year ago that 's what we say . ext . motel stair / hallway - continuous they carry box up stair and along the hallway where justin ( 13 ) and other kid get soda from a machine and hang out . they enter - int . motel room - continuous connor run to the bathroom and pee . Dennis and Lynn look over the tiny room : two bed , small kitchenette , drip faucet . how be they go to live here ? Dennis set Lynn 's tall plant down . connor it smell . do you think someone die in here ? 21 . lynn do not say thing like that . get that side , we can not sleep in this . they pull comforter off the bed . as Dennis exit - he press on she shoulder reassure she . dennis I all get the rest of we stuff . he exit - ext . motel room - continuous - and pause to light a cigarette ; he hear connor and turn to watch he family through the window : connor be I go to school tomorrow ? lynn gotta figure all that out , do not we ? connor I gotta see derek . we be in the middle of a NBA 2 k tournament and - Dennis look at he family through the window . hold . ext . gas station - day Dennis pump gas - 5 , 20 , 30 dollar . it 's fuck expensive . dennis ( into phone ) I be call about the roofing job ... I get a ton of experience , I do electric , plumbing , construction , anything ... okay . any lower level stuff ? he look at little speaker blaring bad pop music near a flat screen tv flash ad about hot dog and soda . int . dennis 's truck [ moving ] - day Dennis drive . 22. dennis ( into phone ) what about Booth brother ? they be put up that home on - ... call I if something come up . int . / ext . dennis 's truck / new subdivision - sunset Dennis look at a out of business sign on the construction trailer . he drive away lose in think . int . motel room - night Party music and sound penetrate the nash 's tiny room , burst with they stuff . Lynn sleep in one bed . Dennis and connor share the other . Dennis be awake stare at he son , tousle he hair . lynn Dennis , this motel be half - full of people like we . dennis they be not people like we . lynn they be all evict . and they get stick here . I could maybe take the bus and start look for apartment ... dennis we can not afford a apartment . lynn it 's just first and last month 's rent ! dennis two or three month 's security . four maybe , because of we credit . we credit be shot . lynn Dennis ... we have get to get out of here . we should go to Tampa . we have gotta go to uncle Jimmy 's , uncle Jimmy say we could come . I talk to Mary Margaret just three day ago ! 23 . dennis Mom , we be not move to Tampa . you wanna take connor out of school ? take he away from he friend ? we leave , we give up , we let the house go . he try to give he mom confidence : dennis I be gonna figure it out . Lynn be unsure . but Dennis be resolute . dennis no choice . int . motel room - morning connor 's play on he phone . lynn you want some toast ? Dennis rifle through the tool cabinet they have bring up to the room . he notice something miss . dennis we do not leave any tool in my truck , right ? lynn no , we get everything . angry , Dennis slam the drawer shut . thinks . ext . strip mall ; rick's office build - morning Jeff and he clean-out - crew plus four other crew guy have coffee and donut near they van and truck ( music play ) outside richard carver realty . bill ( 30 , big and tall ) give they order ; Dennis pull up and stride to they . dennis you guy steal my tool yesterday . I want to talk to you boss . bill I be senior sale manager . what 's the problem ? 24 . dennis ( point at Jeff ) that guy right there steal my impact wrench and in - line sander . that 's like $ 500 . bill I have a form you can - dennis no form . - hey man , give I my tool back . jeff I do not steal nothing . get outta here . dennis where 's my stuff ? jeff I do not steal nothing . get outta here . dennis you just say that , dumbass . Crew laugh . Jeff shove Dennis . they wrestle in the parking lot . Crew gather and holler . Rick exit the second story and see what 's happen . bill break it up ! God damn it , Jeff , that 's enough . Rick stride down the stair . rick carver what the fuck be go on ?! he motion and they immediately pull Dennis and Jeff apart . it take three Crew guy to hold Dennis back . Jeff try to sucker punch he , but Dennis kick Jeff in the stomach . rick carver Bill , you want to get in on this ? take a couple swing ? bill Sir , I - 25 . rick carver '' Sir , I - " '' Sir , I - " . what the fuck be you still do here anyway ? bill I think , sir - I think you - rick carver you think ? you be evolve ? have darwin himself come to Orlando , Florida ?... well ? Bill ? bill we will be there on time , Mr. carver . guy , let 's go ! buena vista Lakes . he round up half the guy and drive away . Rick walk up to Dennis and motion and they release he . rick carver you finish ? ' Cause I get the cop on speed dial . they 'il run you out of town over a bust tail light . dennis I be not here to fight ; I just want my tool . rick carver do I look like Ace hardware ? I do not deal in tool , I deal in home . there 's a difference . dennis I know . you take my home from I . rick carver no , the bank take you home from you . I just represent it . he answer he phone . Dennis light a cigarette ; listen . rick carver ( into phone ) this be Rick carver ... what ?... you gotta be kid I . God damn it ... when ?... fuck hazmat , I 'il call ‘em myself . ( hang up ; to Jeff ) 914 shader drive . now . jeff I think we have to prep via alizar - 26 . clap clap . rick carver move ! move ! Jeff round up crew . Dennis follow Rick to he Range Rover . dennis Excuse I ? Rick carver Realty ? rick carver can you miguel ? dennis what ? rick carver can you work ? you have tool . do you do construction ? dennis yeah . rick carver I pay $ 50 , cash . dennis be you kid I ? rick carver $ 50 should not be a joke to you . he speed away . Dennis mumble curse , get in he truck and - int . dennis 's truck - continuous - slam the door . Dennis jerk the wheel and speed through the light follow Rick . int . / ext . dennis 's truck / sewage home - morning Dennis pull up to a foreclose home . he see : Rick , Jeff and the Crew be take aback to see a foreclose home with nasty black raw sewage creep out the door . Rick cover he mouth with a handkerchief and get he phone . Jeff and the Crew cover they nose and shove each other like kid towards the sewage . Dennis get out and keep he distance . 27 . rick carver ( into phone ) I need you hazmat team here now or I be look at a total gut job down to the God damn stud ... eviction be next week and this animal back up the sewage and skip town ... what do you mean shit 's not a hazardous material . why do not you come out here and eat some of it , maybe that would change you mind . Rick notice Dennis . Jeff and Crew be surprised to see he . Jeff step towards Dennis but Rick whistle for he to stop . rick carver ( into phone ) the neighbor be threaten to call the Department of Health , so if you team be not out here in 30 minute , my next call be gonna be fannie about you slow - ass response time ... fuck you , too ! ( hang up ) God damn it . he turn to Jeff and the crew . jeff Rick , no . - Mr. carver ! that 's a hazard . we , we can not ... rick carver by tonight , the mold 's up to the ceiling ; by tomorrow , someone 's pay money to demolish it , and it 's not go to be I . Dennis notice Jeff and the other sheepishly back away . then - dennis $ 250 . everyone be surprised . Rick and Dennis lock eye . rick carver $ 150 . dennis 200 . that 's a bear and you know it . rick carver -.. deal. 28 . Dennis grab a shovel , walk past Jeff and towards the encroach sludge and enter into - int . sewage home stench slap he spray-paint in his boot squish sewage cascade he gag and run ext . sewage home - continuous in the face . eye water , hold he breath . red on the wall Dennis read : kill banker in the sludge . he cover he nose and see from the toilet and sink . out . — continuous Dennis stagger out and vomit in the yard . Jeff and Crew laugh . Rick remain straight - face . jeff harden the fuck up , son ! rick carver ( to Jeff ) there better be a container truck , shop vac and giant blower here in one hour or I 'il make it my business that you never work in Orange County again . you will also finish via alizar today . you be on my list , shit fuck . he approach Dennis with a cold water bottle . Dennis drink , spit , drink . rick carver what else can you do ? framing , plumbing , electric , roofing ? dennis all of they . anything . go on . Dennis head back rick carver finish it . toward the door . then look to the Crew . dennis six - pack to the first guy in here with a shovel ... come on ! 29 . curious , Rick watch the Crew ... one of they step up . crew $ 200 . rick carver $ 100 . and Mr. nash 's six - pack . Crew accept . he put on a dust mask . dennis let 's go ! who else ? you ! come on , I know you need the money . the Men laugh and two more join . only Jeff remain outside . dennis alright , let 's get this shit do . he wrap he shirt around he nose and mouth - like a bandit . the other do the same and Dennis lead the man to work . Rick be impressed . int . motel room - day connor look up from homework as Dennis step in . Dennis dig into he dirty jeans and hand Lynn money . connor look up , impressed . dennis I get work . and there 's more tomorrow . lynn with who ? what work ? Dennis ! dennis some new guy . Real estate . you do not know he . they laugh , overjoy . connor try to take the money . Dennis play - wrestle it back from he . ext . motel parking lot - day Dennis walk fast , connor drag he foot . 30 . dennis you be gonna make new friend , ok ? connor I do not want to . they reach Motel kid and a handful of parent and see a school bus arrive . kid board ; connor do not move . dennis I know . but I need you to be brave . he try to rub connor 's ear but connor brushes he off . connor this be not my school . dennis I know , but you gotta keep you grade up , remember ? you gotta take care of yourself , ok ? I love you . connor run to the bus . Dennis watch the bus drive away . ext . rick be home - day massive , very impressive and unique , Rick 's home sit at the end of a deep and beautifully landscape lawn . Dennis pull up ; he 's impressed . grab he tool box and walk to the front door when he phone ring . dennis ( into phone ) Mr. carver , I be - rick carver ( through phone ) yeah , I see you . come around back . rick's pool with lanai Dennis enter and see Rick 's daughter ( 6 to 12 ) play in the pool . rick's daughter hey . can you get we that please ? Dennis use a pool net to try and push a boat from the center of the pool to Rick 's daughter on the other side . Rick walk up step lead from he dock near the lake . 31 . rick carver nash . princess one , princess two , princess three ! who want haagen - daz ? chocolate chip cookie dough . rick's daughter I , I , I ! Dennis follow Rick and he girl into - int . rick be home - continuous - a very impressive live room / kitchen where a maid work . dennis Nice house . rick carver it 's ok . I get it 18 month ago and I be go to flip it after New Year 's . ( to the may ) let 's have some haagen - daaz please , madam . ( to Dennis ) ac 's out for two hour . through there . you will see the leak . Dennis exit as Rick crush cookie into the ice cream . rick carver I be gonna make it even better . see . entrance Dennis walk through the grand entrance , high ceiling , ton of sunlight . continue to - rick's home office a second live room and see the water stain on the ceiling . but he attention be focus to map of Orange County that cover the wall and be laid out everywhere . it 's impressive . Dennis zero in on frame article about Rick carver , Real estate tycoon and good citizen of Orlando . Dennis take it all in . rick's bedroom Rick grab a bag and some shirt when he phone ring . 32 . rick carver ( into phone ) this be Rick carver . male 's voice ( through phone ) adjustable mortgage cocksucker ! I be homeless , you motherfucker ! rick carver ( into phone ) stop call I ! you default on - male 's voice ( through phone ) fuck you , carver . you piece of - Rick hang up , tense . he notice he wife smoking on the terrace outside . she 's be watch he . terrace Rick step out and join she . rick 's wife they call here two day ago . rick carver come on boo , I rent you and you mom a week at the corazon spa in the key . I want you to relax , enjoy yourselves . rick's wife I should divorce you . rick carver we would lose on tax ; and you have miss I . you would miss you little ricky . they kiss and make out . rick's attic Dennis use a small blow dryer to thaw out freeze coil on the condense unit . ext rick 's home with the hose of a small shop vac , Dennis suck green mold from the pvc on the side of Rick 's house . ext . rick be home - later Dennis drink a beer near the pool as he stare at Rick 's boat , the lake , the life . rich people ride past in a boat and wave at Rick who approach . 33 . rick carver what be you do ? dennis finish . give the coil 5 minute to drain and you will have cold air . rick carver it 's not even be a hour . dennis I salvage you ceiling with mud and find some spare paint in you garage , so you ceiling 's good to go too . Rick be impressed . rick carver unless you be plan on take a swim , let 's go . int . rick's range rover [ moving ] - day through the move window : home . Rick glance at Dennis . rick carver what do you see out there ? dennis Homes . rick carver I just see nine opportunity to make money in the last five block . we pass three home without mail box , one with a overgrown lawn and no car in the drive , two with white sign tape in the window and three with shiny new doorknob and lock -box . if you can get attune to see this opportunity , then maybe you can get off you hand and knee and really start work for I . dennis I can work . you see I all week . rick carver I hear you work on good crew with Rick kirby and Chris camilleri . ( more ) 34 . rick carver ( cont 'd ) they be both out of business , because they build home . I own home . Dennis consider Rick . rick carver you know what I be , I be a man with a helluva lot of property . you can be a part of that . what I want to know be that I can walk away from any situation , 24 / 7 , and have someone to handle it . I do not care if you kid 's in the school play , it 's Christmas , or you line up the best blow job in Orlando . when you work for I , you be mine . suddenly Rick hit the brake . rick carver what the hell ? i/e. rick's range rover / frank greene 's STREET - continuous Rick go in reverse . stop . look at two home , one with a '' Rick carver Realty '' sign in the lawn . rick carver call office . ( dialing ) you see that ? that cable ? dennis yeah , yeah , I see it . Rick point to a extension cord and water hose run from one house to another . i/e. rick's range rover / frank greene 's home - continuous he reverse and park in front of Frank 's house . natalia ( through speaker ) Rick carver Realty . rick carver I get some jack wagon at 354 ridgeway steal water and power from we property at 352 ridgeway . ( more ) 35 . rick carver ( cont 'd ) pull up the county court website , get he name and find out if he 's in default . I be in front of he house now . natalia ( through speaker ) right away , sir . Rick hang up , open the glove compartment and produce a gun - a lcp 308 . he hand Dennis the gun . rick carver you know how to shoot , right ? we will run a background check so you can carry a conceal weapon . dennis be you fuck with I ? rick carver angry homeowner . you ’1ll need it . Rick check he ruger on he ankle holster . dennis naw . I be good . Dennis put the gun back in the glove compartment . rick carver suit yourself . but the person on the other side of the door do not always feel that way . trust I . he show the mark of a dog bite on he skin . rick carver they can feed they rottweiler , but they can not pay for they house . Dennis consider . Rick 's phone beep . rick carver ok. Frank greene . let 's go . ext . frank greene's home - moment later Rick knock loudly . Dennis walk up next to he . Frank greene ( same man from court ) open the door . rick carver Mr. Frank greene ? 36 . frank greene yes . rick carver my name be Rick carver and you be steal from I . frank greene -.. if you be refer to the - rick carver - the property next door belong to fannie mae and I represent it for they . so you be not only steal from I , you be steal from the United States government . he answer he ringing phone . rick carver ( into phone ) yeah , I be with Frank greene now . what have you get for I ? ( to Dennis ) remove that line . he step aside , leave Dennis alone with Frank greene . they walk to the side of the house and begin to disconnect and coil up the cable and hose . frank greene I see you in foreclosure court . we son go to the same school . they be play with the globe . I have my show cause hearing that day . what happen to you ? dennis I lose ... I be evict . frank greene ++. so what be you do with he ? dennis gotta work , you know ? he offer I a job . this be not really what I do . frank greene ( regard cable ) yeah , this be not really what I do either ... I be a manager at custom cabinet and lighting . be out of work for two year . two . but I be not a thief . 37 . dennis I know . frank greene but I be research on the internet and public library . I be gonna save my home . dennis I hope you do . custom cabinet - yeah , I install you stuff . frank greene oh really ? dennis yeah , a bunch of time . Frank 's Son ( from court ) approach . franks son dad , the tv turn off . dennis you know my boy ? connor nash ? franks son yes , sir . Rick come back . rick carver Mr. greene , look like the Bank of Santa Fe already file for final judgment of foreclosure . my money say the court send I back for you eviction in less than 90 day . frank greene I remove the cable and - and I apologize . I should not have do that . that be wrong . dennis it 's ok , we - rick carver I can assure you , steal be not ok . Mr. nash will personally be speak with you neighbor . and if we receive a report or drive by and see you steal my water and power again , the next visit will be the sheriff 's department . 38 . int . rick 's range rover / frank greene 's home - continuous they sit down in Rick 's suv . rick carver do not be soft . they 's 11l tell you sob storey each time . but the law be the law , that 's the side you be on . you already know the outcome of this situation . so toughen up . they drive away . int . kitchen home # 1 ; various room - continuous Dennis follow Rick and look around the massive home . rick carver I ’‘1l take all you Rocky Mountain door handle - mr . hester ( 5as ) and Dennis follow he into the dining room - rick carver - the Tiffany light fixture moder Crystal chandelier - - into the kitchen - rick carver - the harlan cabinet , the thai jade and marble counter top , the range the subzero fridge . Three grand and you gotta be out of here in two week . mr . hester make it five . rick carver four and Dennis here will get right to it . mr . hester done . Dennis start unscrew the cabinet . ext . kitchen home # 1 & # 2 - later Dennis push a dolly load with cabinet and walk with Rick to the next home . 39 . rick carver you know , Mr. hester make a lot of money on this property . dennis you be evict he in two week . how 's that ? rick carver he get this place back in ' 05 for $ 400,000 , 0 % down . one year later , he take a home equity loan and get another $ 200,000 that he use to buy that sweet little yellowfin for fishing trip and to take Mrs. hester to tahiti . by the time this home be worth half what he have borrow , he just quit pay . dennis you can not just quit pay . rick carver sure you can . he hire himself a lawyer - not to win - but to tie up he case for three year . guess how many mortgage payment he make during that three year ? dennis none . but he owe money . rick carver lawyer get a short sale approve , and the bank wipe out he debt . it 's call , '' strategic default . '' while Mr. greene be steal my water and power , this guy be make a kill . be you listen now ? do I have you attention ? dennis yeah , I hear you . rick carver that 's how you should have do it . dennis rick carver now get everything else and meet I over there . 40 . point at the house next door . ext . kitchen home # 2 - later Rick use a iphone attachment to open a electronic lock box . a key fall out . unlock door . Dennis watch . int . kitchen home # 2 - continuous Rick 's step echo in the empty home . Dennis follow he into - the kitchen - where the cabinet , fridge and counter - top be all go . rick carver install everything - patch the tile , caulk the cabinet and connect the gas line when you bring in the appliance . dennis all that in here now ? rick carver I be sell this home for fannie mae . I can not do that if there 's no kitchen , can I ? dennis no. rick carver so who just pay I $ 33,000 to buy new cabinet , appliance and a counter - top plus labor ? dennis fannie mae. rick carver fannie mae. congratulation . you just fuck the government . he hand Dennis a envelope . Dennis take it , but Rick hold on tight , refuse to let go . rick carver if you be interested , let I know . if not , use that to take you kid to Disney World and get yourself a job miguele cinderella 's Castle . 41 . he let go of the envelope and exit to the backyard . Dennis open the envelope . he 's startle by what he see : a_ check for $ 3,250 . ext . kitchen home # 2 / pool with lanai - continuous Rick answer email on he phone . notice Dennis approach . dennis I do not give a damn about the government . they never do nothing for I , so ... but that be a lot of money you just give I . feel a bit like trouble . rick carver you do honest work building home you whole life . what do it get you but I knock on you door ? dennis be this steal ? rick carver in 2006 , you borrow $ 85,000 against you home and never pay it back , nash . you be tell I that 's not steal ? dennis no , it 's not steal . I be give a loan . that 's I work my ass off try to pay back that loan - rick carver that 's not how the bank see it . or the tax - payer pay for this bailout . Rick pick up overturn chair by the pool . Dennis follow . dennis I invest every cent into construction equipment . the economy crash , I can not predict that . I can not predict the weather . rick carver well I can . I be a fuck doppler radar . you have be steal , but do not want to admit it . or the bank cheat you , take you pick . ( more ) 42 . rick carver ( cont 'd ) either way you have lose . but I make even more money in the crash than before it . you can too . but you need to stop lie to yourself and ask : what have you be do wrong that you family life in a motel ? Dennis consider , then pick up the last overturn chair . dennis I ' 1l do it . but I want you to help I get my home back . - and this be my first payment . he hand Rick the envelope , but Rick refuse . rick carver do not get emotional about real estate . dennis that 's my family home , my boy 's school . I want it back . rick carver not enough money here . put that under you mattress because put it in the bank only make they money . when you have more , I 'o 1l tell you what to do with it . - now , do you want to double what you make ? ext . gas station - day Dennis pull up . javier ( 30 ) jump in talk shit , hand Dennis a beer , who drink and drive away . ext . foreclosed home # 1 - afternoon Dennis and javier take out a hvac . javier so who 's this Rick carver dude ? dennis my boss , for the time be . they slide the hvac in the truck next to two other . javier what be you do ? 43. dennis I gotta prove to the bank this shit 's miss so they pay we to put it back . javier we be steal it ... to then bring it back . dennis you wanna get pay ? then I gotta take a picture . let 's do it ! ext . tanner home - day Dennis knock . mr. tanner emerge . dennis Mr. tanner ? my name be Dennis nash , I be here represent Rick carver Realty . I understand you house have be foreclose on ? mr . tanner the house still belong to we . we intend to keep it that way . dennis I hope that work out . if it do not , I want to tell you about cash for key - he hand Mr. tanner a form . mr . tanner what do you mean , cash for key ? dennis Cash for key be this - ext . foreclosed home # 2 - day Dennis hand the cash for key form to a african american couple . dennis - if you leave you home in broom - sweep condition prior to the eviction date the bank will give you $ 3500 which can help pay for a U - haul , security deposit on a apartment , and - 44 , african american mom thank you , but no thank you . i’11l give this to my attorney and he 'il contact you . good day . close the door in Dennis 's face . ext . foreclosed home # 3 - day Dennis tape a eviction notice and take a photo . ext . foreclosed home # 4 - night Dennis and javier carry a hvac when Dennis notice the pool pump . javier light up . javier whatcha do ? dennis who 's gonna buy a home with a pool if the pool do not work ? Dennis remove the pump . a neighbor 's light turn on . hvac neighbor ( 0.s. ) hey ! what 's go on there ?! dennis you know Rick carver Realty , you see that sign out front ? that 's we . you have a good day . javier Hell yeah , now that 's what I calla woman ! the man laugh as they steal . ext . foreclosed home # 5 - day Dennis explain cfk to a vietnamese woman . dennis it 's not a lot , but it 's go to pay for a U - haul , a down - payment on a apartment ... 45 . vietnamese woman I have no idea what 's go on , because my mom and dad from Vietnam be come and the house can not be foreclose on ... ext . foreclosed home # 6 - day Dennis knock . look in the window . tape a eviction notice to the door and take a photo with a small digital camera . ext . mrs . tidwell 's home - day Dennis stand before a distraught ms. tidwell ( 30 , African - american ) at she door . she look at a piece of paper . dennis I want you to know about '' cash for key . '' this be a kyo form , it mean '' know you option '' . ms . tidwell know my option ? her teenage daughter start filming Dennis with she phone .. ms. tidwell 's daughter I be put this all on Facebook , asshole . ms . tidwell kayla , put that away ! ms . tidwell 's daughter Mom he 's lie . mr . tidwell kayla ! - I be sorry . I ... I know you be do you job ; I be sorry . she quietly close the door on Dennis who stand alone . hold . int . dennis 's moving truck - day Dennis and javier load up the truck and drive away . ext . angry man 's home - afternoon a angry man peer out of he chain door . Dennis hesitantly try to hand he cfk paper work . 46 . angry man you the one that 's be put notice on my window ? dennis no sir , that 's the sheriff department . angry man I do not want they to do that anymore , that 's trespasp . dennis Sir I can not control what the sheriff department do , what I can do be tell you about - angry man you be waste you time . just get outta here . tell you bank and you boss I be not interested . dennis if you wanna just take a look at - angry man I be not look at anything . dennis you could just take it and not look at it . angry man hold on a second . the angry man leave . he come back with a gun . angry man I think I have make myself very clear to you . I do not want to see you again . Dennis back away , thoroughly unnerve . ext . ez cash - night Dennis exit a ez cash with the money he make today . he get in he truck and drive away . 47 . ext . motel - day Dennis pull up in he truck , take out a large paper bag . Lynn be cut the hair of motel friend dana . lynn what you get there ? what do you have in there ? dennis Steak . lynn what ? that 's hamburger helper . Dennis show he mom steak in the grocery bag . dennis ( show she ) what do that look like to you ? Lynn be surprised - how could he afford this ? but she 's also happy ! lynn that look like dinner ! let 's invite dana too ! dennis more the merrier . dana hey - do you put that under you t- shirt ?! they laugh . dana I be not kid ! how else he get the money for that ? int . motel room - night Dennis play nerf basketball with connor . it 's a fun moment that they really need . Lynn and dana laugh and talk and drink beer . int . storage unit - day Dennis push up the garage door of the storage unit . turn on light to reveal hvac and pool pump . Rick count they . 48 . rick carver eight . and four pool pump . good addition . dennis I figure '' why not ? '' dropped this one - beyond repair - so better make it seven . rick carver sell it for scrap metal . dennis already priced it out at $ 300 . rick carver good . invoice Rick carver Realty $ 24 k for the acs and $ 3,200 for the pump . the bank will reimburse I in that amount . you take be 25 % , about $ 6,700 . Dennis be impressed . dennis I be gonna need that ruger . rick carver Excuse I ? what have you say ? Dennis look annoyed . rick carver you be say you want the gun ? do I understand you ? ext . storage unit / rick be suv - day Rick open the glove compartment and hand the gun to Dennis . rick carver I run the background check already . you be clear to carry it . Dennis hold the gun . it 's a little awkward in he hand . rick carver who pay the most out in cash - for - key ? - fannie & freddie . then it 's boa . ( more ) 49 . rick carver ( cont 'd ) I want you to go to every one of they foreclose property in we book and find the one that be unoccupy . no homeowner . and no tenant . you get that ? ext . home depot - sunrise Dennis and javier drive up and greet Dennis 's Crew and pull they and three other guy they know into the truck . int . dennis 's truck [ moving ] - morning music . Dennis and javier pass beer through the cab window to the 5 guy in the back of the truck , laugh and joke . i/e. dennis 's truck / vacant home # 1 - day from in the truck Dennis see javier peer into a vacant home ( '' Rick carver Realty '' sign ) . javier run to the truck . javier empty as a mo- of ! I would love to live in this bitch . 3221 lincoln drive . Dennis write the address on a lease agreement . i/e. dennis 's truck / vacant home # 2 - day Dennis 's Crew # 1 jump into the back of the truck and shout - dennis 's crew # 1 676 capland Ave ! Dennis fill out another lease . ext . vacant home # 3 - day Dennis fill out a lease and hand it to Crew # 2 , who sign . he collect lease from the other who sign they name . dennis ok . you be all now '' tenant '' of this property with this lease agreement . dennis 's crew can we really move in ? 50 . dennis no , dumb ass . you can not really move in . we need the bank to think you live here so I can negotiate cash - for-key deal with all of you . javier how much they pay ? dennis «+--+ $ 2,500 check from the government and the fuck bank . javier & dennis 's crew $ 2,500 ! fuck ‘em up the ass ! yehaw ! they be happy as hell . ext . golf course - day Dennis stand near golf cart at a distance from Rick , county commissioner link ( 30 - 5as ) and two rich men who talk on the green . they shake hand ; Rick and link walk to Dennis . county commissioner link you think Freeman be the way to go ? rick carver he 's fannie 's number one attorney three year run and he can connect we to bulk buyer . I be not talk million of dollar ; I be talk billion . - Arthur , this be Dennis nash . - County commissioner Arthur link . - you property on 2102 West jefferson ; i’1l have Dennis make sure you gutter be re-done . county commissioner link what happen to Bill ? rick carver kill he . this be my new guy and he 's gonna last . county commissioner link alright , I - I will get we a meeting with Freeman . ( to Dennis ) you want to move up in real estate , this be the guy . link join the man . Rick and Dennis drive away in a cart . 51 . int . golf cart [ moving ] - continuous Rick drive . Dennis next to he . rick carver what do you have for I ? Dennis show the '' fake '' lease . dennis successfully negotiate six cash - for-key with six '' tenant . '' rick carver not bad . so , nash , how much do you tell you buddy - $ 3,500 per home or less ? dennis $ 3,500 . yeah . rick carver oh . you tell they the full amount ? dennis I tell they what I tell they . what do you care ? Rick smile like a devil . ext . rick's empty mcmansion # 1 - day Rick park the cart at the back of a massive , beautiful mcmansion and walk to the swim pool . confused , Dennis follow Rick who greet tamika , a gorgeous African american woman ( early 20 ) busy texting at the pool . rick carver you look gorgeous , baby . tamika I know . he kiss she for a while . Dennis watch , uncertain . rick carver do not you have class today ? tamika it 's all online . can we go to Capital Grille tonight ? 52 . rick carver sure why not ? he motion to Dennis who follow Rick . Rick show he he business card . rick carver that 's my sweetheart . she study graphic design . I have she do my business card . they enter - int . rick's empty mcmansion # 1 - continuous Dennis notice the mansion be empty except for a mattress on the floor , a sofa , coffee table , and couple suitcase . dennis be this yours ? rick carver just keep it warm . scan the lease so we can email fannie and boa . Dennis move to the scanner . rick carver so , nash - why be not you marry ? dennis uh. do not really have time for it . rick carver I do not trust a man who be not marry . nobody do . - you want to tell I what happen to connor 's mom ? dennis not really . rick carver prom night fiaso ? dennis Close , yeah , something like that . Rick study he for a moment . he produce a check from the paperwork on he desk . 53 . rick carver you check from the acs and pool pump . come out higher than I think - $ 7,200 . Dennis open the envelope and see the check ... then hand it back to Rick . dennis keep it . i’1l give you the $ 3,000 I already make , and add my share from this lease . I want my home back . rick carver bpo on you home come in at $ 170k . i’ all buy it and you 's 1ll owe I . $ 155,000 at 12 % amortize over 30 year with a two year balloon . dennis Jesus , that 's a shitty rate . rick carver no bank 's 11 loan you money and if you do not pay , I be on the hook . and I do not want that property ; it do not have a future . dennis it 's my family home . rick carver it 's a home . but if you want it , it 's yours . it will take the bank eight to twelve week to list it on the ml ; you can do repair , but you can not move in until then . dennis and the contract ? rick carver I ’‘1l have my office provide you the contract for deed . dennis so it 's mine again ? rick carver yes , it 's yours . dennis ok . thank you . seriously thank you . 54 . he extend he hand . Rick awkwardly shake it . Dennis be emotional . rick carver no tear .... drink ? dennis no. I be good . Rick pour a drink from the bar . rick carver you might want to reconsider . we have one more stop today . 224 lakeview Court . dennis that 's Mr. tanner . I offer hima Wells fargo cash - for-key . rick carver he never call and he eviction be today . you can pop you cherry with he . the first one 's a bitch . you get numb to it . stand next to I today , but after this you 's 1ll do ‘em on you own . dennis listen , Rick . can not I - rick carver go fuck yourself ? yes . what have you think work for I would mean ? dennis I just think - rick carver no , you do not think about it . and you do not have the gut to ask I . nobody do . but who in they right mind would not rather put someone in a home than drag they out of it . up until three year ago I use to be a regular real - estate broker , put people into home and speculate on property . that be my job . - in 2006 , Robert and Julia tanner borrow 30 grand to put a enclose patio on they home which they have manage to live without for 25 year . ( more ) 55 . rick carver ( cont 'd ) ask they when they be spitting in you face as you walk they to the curb . ask the bank why they give they a adjustable rate mortgage . ask the government why they lift all regulation and turn a blind eye . you , the tanners , the bank , Washington and every other homeowner and investor from here to China turn my life into eviction . I be not a aristocrat . I be not bear into it . my dad be a roofer . I grow up on construction site watch he work he ass off until he fall from a townhouse . a lifetime of insurance payment and they drop he before he could buy a wheelchair but only after they get he hook on pain killer . do you think I be go to let that happen to I ? do you think America 2010 give one damn about carver or nash ? America do not bail out the loser . America be build by bail out the winner . by rigging a nation of the winner , by the winner , for the winner . do you go to church nash ? do you ? dennis yeah . rick carver only 1 in 100 be gonna get on the ark and every other poor soul 's go to drow . I be not go to drow . they lock eye for a long beat . dennis I 'o 1ll do it alone . I have see you do it . I know how it 's do . I x11 do it alone . i/e. dennis 's truck / tanner home - day from through the windshield of Dennis 's truck : Jeff , Crew and locksmith loiter in the tanners 's lawn ; neighbor gather ; the sheriff get out of they cruiser . 56 . Dennis see this from inside he truck . it 's hot and sweaty . the window be roll up . he do not want to be here . clack clack clack sheriff # 1 bang he nightstick ; Dennis unroll he window . sheriff # 1 ( laugh ) hoooooly shit ! Rick tell I , but - let 's go , rookie ! do not think I get dress up just for you . he laugh and walk off . Dennis open the glove compartment and pull out the gun . he holster it on he ankle . ext . tanner home - moment later Dennis sweat as he walk to Mr. tanner and mrs . tanner stand at they front door with the two sheriff . dennis good morning , Mr. tanner . ma ’am . I be Dennis nash , from Rick carver Realty . mr . tanner I remember you , Mr. nash . why , why be you here ? dennis um , I be sorry to say , this home have be foreclose on and transfer to the bank . I hate to be here do this , but I will need you to please step out of the property now . mr . tanner no , I , I ... my wife 's on the phone right now with we lawyer . you see , this be a mix - up and we be go to have it all sort out . dennis I understand , Mr. tanner , but - mr . tanner honey ! honey , do you have he on the line ? dennis Sir , it 's not go to matter - 57 . Dennis see Mrs. tanner and two kid come to the door . mrs . tanner he be not there . they say he 'il call we back . mr . tanner there you go . we have to wait . we be filing a appeal , there 's no point in you be here right now . dennis I understand Mr. tanner . but what I have here be a court order sign by the judge . what I can do be give you a few minute to gather you personal item . you checkbook , jewelry , medicine ... you kid ’... important belonging , but then I be go to have to ask you to vacate the home . mrs . tanner well , I do not care . you be not suppose to be here today , so you need to leave now . dennis ma ’am . what I can do be - mrs . tanner you be leave . we be go back inside . sheriff # 1 please calm down mar ‘am . mrs . tanner I be calm . I be calm . sheriff # 1 do not close the door mar ’am . sheriff # 1 move Dennis aside . sheriff # 2 step up . mr . tanner you be trespasp . you all need to leave . sheriff # 1 no , you and you wife be trespasp . ( more ) 58 . sheriff # 1 ( cont 'd ) any more trouble and we will walk you straight to the curb or the county jail . you decide . Dennis see the tanners go inside with the sheriff . Dennis see Jeff smirk at he . Dennis see the sheriff escort the tanners out , clutching bag , kid cry . sheriff # 1 clear . get you man in here , nash . Dennis motion to he crew who come march up the lawn and in the house . sheriff # 1 they can not stand there . Dennis take a deep breath and approach the tanners . dennis Mr. tanner , mar ’am , please walk with I to the curb . mr . tanner what ? dennis let 's just go to the curb , please . he guide they to the street . mr . tanner you be responsible for this . you know that right ? what happen to I , to my family . that 's on you . they reach the curb . dennis I be sorry Mrs. tanner . I do not want to do this today , I try to avoid this - mrs . tanner how do you live with yourself ? do you have a family ? how could you ? shame on you . shame on you . Jeff and crew start pile stuff up in front of they . Mr. tanner begin to weep . 59 . mrs . tanner it 's ok , baby , it 's ok . int . tanner home - continuous Dennis stand alone in the tanner 's live room watch the clean out crew take the tanner 's belong out . he look out the window and see they on the curb , cry . i/e. gas station - day Dennis enter the gas station and head to the - int . gas station bathroom - continuous he close the door . he be a wreck . he change back to he work clothes . he stare at himself in the mirror . int . dennis 's pick - up truck [ moving ] - morning Dennis drive Lynn and connor . they be all happy . connor where be we go ? dennis I do not know . you tell I . connor to see the Magic practice ? dennis no. connor all you can eat ice-cream at denny 's ? dennis no , but we can get that later . connor oh , oh , oh ! I know . to see the Queen of England ? 60 . dennis ( laugh ) no ! - what ?! connor it 's possible . i/e. dennis 's truck / dennis 's home - morning they arrive at they home . Lynn and connor can not believe it . connor what be we do here ? dennis I do not know . what be we do here ? grab this brushes . they get paint can and brushes from the back of the truck . connor be we break in ? lynn ask you dad . Dennis use a iphone extension to signal the lock box to open . the key pop out . Lynn gasp . connor there 's a app for that ? int . dennis 's home - continuous they enter . Lynn and connor be amaze , look around . lynn what be we do ? connor what be we do here ? they walk in . Lynn see she garden have withere ; weed . lynn oh my god , look . connor what be we do here ?? dennis I get the home back . lynn what ?? connor do that mean I get my room back ? dennis yup . connor run to he room . lynn how have you get the house back ? connor my room look so big ! dennis that 's becuase it be . ( to Lynn ) we will not be able to move in for a couple week , but ... it 's ours again . I will explain . he go to connor 's room , leave Lynn to digest everything . lynn oh my god . Lynn pick up and hang she withere plant . int . connor 's room - continuous Dennis join connor . dennis how about a bunk bed ? what else ? connor a basketball hoop so I can dunk , right there ! dennis what else ? connor a hot tub ! a hot tub right there , you can break the wall down ! and the wall should be silver like the Orlando magic . 62 . dennis you know what else I be think ? I be think in the backyard we could get a pool . connor a pool ?! yeah ! dennis you have to help I paint the house first . let 's start painting . he hand connor tape and rub he ear , who accept . int . dennis 's home / kitchen & live room - continuous Lynn clean dust of the kitchen counter . she 's tear up . Dennis enter and watch she . lynn how be you do this ? how be this real ? dennis my boss buy it for I and I be pay he back in installment just like a bank . Dennis show she the contract . lynn ( suspicious ) what do he get ? dennis he get he money back . he give I work so he 's keep I work . ( about connor ) he 's painting he room right now . I get it back . Lynn stare at the contract . she have doubt . look at he . lynn what 's you name ? later derek arrive . connor derek ! what 's up ! 63 . dennis what 's up derek ? derek hi Mr. nash ! they play play - wrestle and have fun , Dennis pretend to be a gorilla . connor the dominant silverback gorilla ! we have be spot ! Lynn watch they play , still unsure . ext . angry man 's home - day bzzzzzz . cu - locksmith drill the lock off and open the door . sheriff enter with he gun draw . sheriff # 1 sheriff 's Department . anybody home ? dennis alright , jump in . ext . eviction home # 1 - day Dennis ( sheriff , crew , locksmith ) evict a tenant man . dennis so you be not Mr. ron curtis ? tenant man no . he 's my landlord . he life in Miami . dennis you be not the owner of this property ? tenant man no , we rent , we have be pay the rent here for 8 year . sheriff # 1 Sir , I put notice on you door - 64 . tenant man and I give they to the landlord . he tell I to ignore they , that he be do a loan re-modification and not to worry about it . dennis you landlord have scamm you . you have be scamm . ext . eviction home # 2 - day Dennis hand the check to a older african american woman . older african american woman that 's $ 3500 , right ? dennis yeah , $ 3500 . she struggle to remove the home key from they chain . older african american woman I can not ... she hand it to Dennis who remove it . he hand the chain back . i/e. dennis 's truck - day Dennis put the key into a container of other key . i/e . mr. baldwin 's home - day Dennis and sheriff # 3 stand at the door with mr . baldwin , ( 70 - 80s , confuse , floral shirt ) . dennis hello Mr. baldwin , my name be Dennis nash , I be here represent Rick carver Realty . today be the day of you eviction , I be afraid . mr . baldwin no no , I have a reverse mortgage on this house and my wife and I take it out . my wife go down to the bank and she sign the papers . 65 . sheriff # 1 Mr. baldwin , there be a process in place , all the paperwork be submit , sign by a judge , it 's all legal . Mr. baldwin , step outside for I please ... go ahead . mr . baldwin ok ... Mr. baldwin step out . sheriff 2 stay with baldwin as Dennis and sheriff # 1 enter . ext . eviction home # 3 - day Dennis speak with a middle aged woman as clean - out crew bring out she belonging . middle aged woman we already do the modification , they approve it , we send in we first check ... dennis what I suggest be we figure out a way to get all you stuff safe - a u- haul or something like that . middle aged woman I be go to have to call my husband . I could maybe store it at my sister 's house down the street for a day or ... she stop , overwhelm . ext . dennis 's truck - day Dennis put another set of key in the jar - it 's half full now . ext . eviction home # 4 - day Dennis try to communicate with a hispanic mother as she hispanic son translate . the young son struggle to explain the situation as Dennis speak and the mother listen . dennis the house be not you anymore . 66 . the son translate . the mother take it in . i/e. eviction home # 5 - day Dennis look in the window , knock one last time , then nod to the locksmith , who saw out the doorknob . Dennis enter with the sheriff and see the house be fully furnish : parakeet chirp in a cage ; family photo and a crucifix on the wall ; laundry hang to dry in the backyard . dennis anyone know what to do with a bird ? ext . tidwell home - day Mrs. tidwell sign a cfk . he hand she a check . dennis 3500 . Mrs . tidwell stare at the check . she hand over she key . int . dennis 's truck - continuous Dennis put another key in he jar - now it be full . ext . eviction home # 6 - day Dennis confront a group of surly homeowner . dennis I be try to give you the better option here , I be go to have to send this guy , who be be employ today to go in and grab you stuff and throw it on the curb . sheriff # 1 I really do not want to take you to jail . I do not have the time - surly homeowner well you know what you can do with that ? ( point to the clipboard ) ( more ) 67 . surly homeowner ( cont 'd ) you can do something else with that because I be not gonna touch it . ext . mr. baldwin 's home - day Mr. baldwin sit in a plastic chair , a box on he lap . dennis do you have any family or friend ? mr . baldwin I have a son up in Michigan , but I have not see he in a couple year ... sheriff # 2 do you have he phone number ? mr . baldwin no , no ... sheriff # 2 nobody you can stay with ? mr . baldwin no , no I do not ... dennis any neighbor that can help you out ? mr . baldwin I do not know my neighbor anymore . sheriff # 2 I can give you a ride to the salvation Army or the Red Cross ? Dennis stare at the lose and helpless Mr. baldwin . hold . int . motel room - night Dennis can not sleep . connor be tangle up with he . he remove connor 's arm and quietly get out of bed . ext . motel - night he smoke a joint and stare at traffic on a overpass . 68 . int . photo studio - day in a suit and slicked hair , Dennis look like a new man . photographer ( 0.s. ) please lower you chin and turn you head towards I ... that 's it . Rick stand next to the photographer . rick carver say '' short -sale '' three time and smile . Dennis smile and the camera flash repeatedly . moment later Rick approve of the business card and hand it to Dennis . rick carver pretty civilized . Dennis look at a card with he photo : dennis nash , senior sale manager , Rick carver realty , inc . int . william FREEMAN 's office - moment later william FREEMAN ( 5as , confident ) sit behind he desk in the glass office . Freeman 's associate , Dennis , Rick and link sit around the table . Dennis listen carefully as they talk : county commissioner link tesken equity management just pick up 400 home in the last two month , all - cash busy - no loan . a hundred million dollar . Orange County need you help to find another bulk buyer like tesken . as they talk Dennis notice Freeman 's lawyer who beat he in court . mr . FREEMAN and I would like to know where the new highway that 's to connect 414 and the apopka Expressway be go to be . county commissioner link yes , well , that information be not public yet , so ... 69 . mr . FREEMAN I have a lot of property that could be impact by the zone board 's decision . Rick smile with pride ; Dennis notice . mr . FREEMAN anything else , Arthur ? county commissioner link ok . yes , yes . I know the route . mr . FREEMAN there 's a bulk buyer here out of New York , vesic investment Group . but they be shopping with a pissant broker out of kissimmee name Ortiz who just sell they 15 home last month . rick carver Excuse I , sir . I know Ortiz . I can get vesic investment Group away from he and my team can handle as many home as you have to sell . mr . FREEMAN I have upwards of 1000 home . possibly more . get I vesic and we will be in business . ext . downtown orlando - day Dennis and Rick walk . rick carver 1000 home . do you know how much money we be talk about ? track Ortiz , find who he 's talk to and what property they be look at . we need to know what the vesic deal be . dennis Rick . what 's my cut ? rick carver shut the fuck up and get go . dennis you can not handle 1000 home without I . Standard commission be 6 % . ( more ) 70 . dennis ( cont 'd ) what 's my cut to help you get vesic to Freeman ? Rick smile , then laugh . rick carver I ’‘1l give you 5 % of my take . dennis 10 % . rick carver 6 and a hand job . no calluse . you x11 pull in something between $ 200 to $ 300k . dennis rick carver that 's more than you make in you - dennis yeah yeah , more than I make in my whole life . they shake . partner . i/e. dennis 's truck / ritz carlton HOTEL - morning ortiz ( 40s - 5as ) wait at the lobby . Dennis notice pradeep khanna ( 30 - 40s , indian -american , confident , NYC look ) exit the hotel and greet a affable Ortiz . they get in Ortiz 's suv . Dennis follow they . i/e. dennis 's truck / ortiz home # 1 - morning Dennis pull up to a home as Ortiz park . Dennis see Ortiz and khanna look around the home . Ortiz show khanna information on a iPad as they enter the home . Dennis take a photo of the home , include a sign in the lawn : for sale by bank of santa fe. 71 . i/e. dennis 's truck / ortiz home # 2 - day Dennis watch Ortiz and khanna examine another foreclose home . a female homeowner peer out she door . beep . text message from Rick : last 4 home all bank of santa fe . i/e. dennis 's truck / frank greene 's home - afternoon Dennis see Ortiz and khanna drive away . he look towards the home and see Frank and he family . he get out of he truck . ext . frank greene's home - continuous Frank and Frank 's wife put recycle can into car trunk . he see he son riding bike . Dennis approach Frank ; Frank stop he . dennis hey , Frank . frank greene what do you want ? you with that guy ? dennis no , not at all . just come to see how you be do . if you want , maybe I can get you a job . frank greene Nice suit . still work for you friend ? dennis I do not have to come here . I just want to - frank greene to lie to I ? to cheat I ? dennis to help you . have you think about where you kid be gonna live when you lose this ? it 's not pretty . frank greene my kid have a home . this one right here . I do research and take box of file to a lawyer . pro-bono . ( more ) frank greene ( cont 'd ) I be go to win my home legally , in court . dennis be realistic . the judge do not care , and the court - frank greene '' be realistic ? '' I do not ask for you help , sir . and I do not want it . you be trespasp . please get off my property and do not come here again . int . rick's empty mcmansion # 2 - day Rick drink whiskey as Dennis think . rick carver there 's over 100 home in this deal . Ortiz , the king of the miguel , be go to sell 100 home to vesic . ( point at map on wall ) they be all in this neighborhood , priced between $ 165 and $ 200k . we be talk upwards of a $ 20 million deal . and it 's not mine . dennis Holy shit . tamika enter with a iPad and wrap she arm around Rick . tamika triple word score . take that . rick carver we be work . tamika I know . Dennis , tell he to take a break . dennis Rick . take a break . suddenly , Rick wrap he arm around she and give she a deep , passionate kiss . Dennis study map on the wall . then - 73. dennis vesic already buy 15 home from Ortiz last month . rick carver so ? dennis I be go to take out all the acs , water pump , and appliance from that home . and who do you think vesic will blame ? rick carver Ortiz . they 'il call immigration and put he on he lawn mower back over the border while I be on the phone with the Bank of Santa Fe . dennis and we will sell a 100 home . rick carver and 1000 more for Freeman . I see green sky ahead . dennis start by put green in my pocket . i’1l empty out the 15 home tonight . $ 100 a pop . $ 1,500 . ext . ortiz home - afternoon Dennis use he iphone to open the electronic lock box . javier and Dennis 's Crew ( two ) approach with dolly . javier hvac and water pump ? dennis get the appliance this time too - dishwasher , fridge , oven . skip microwave . Dennis use he iphone to get the key . javier you be go in ? dennis you be go in . 74 . javier Nah , that 's b&e man , that 's guarantee time right there . dennis it 's not b&e if you get a key - we be do appliance , fridge ... javier aiight . i/e. dennis 's truck / dennis 's new home - sunset Dennis drive and talk on phone . dennis ( into phone ) yeah . Rick say he want I to handle the short sale for he , so I be head there now . - hang on . he notice something and stop in front of a impressive home with a '' foreclosure Rick carver Realty '' sign in the yard . dennis ( into phone ) do you know if 1484 lakewood drive be for sale ?... I just drive by the place ... yeah ? do it have a pool ?... let I call you back . he open the door and look at : a beautiful , large , stucco home with palm tree . paradise . ext . motel ; swimming pool it 's connor 's birthday . Dennis grill , Lynn cut cake , connor be happy . derek , the neighborhood kid , Justin and the motel kid be all there . later Lynn hold the pinata and Dennis and connor smash it together , father and son be happy together . later Lynn wonder where Dennis be . Dennis return with a brand new bike for connor . connor jump all over it . connor whoa ! connor hug he dad and run off with derek and friend . 75 . ext . motel parking lot - later Dennis and Lynn watch derek and connor ride bike . Justin and motel kid ride old bike and scooter . families around . dennis show we what you get ! connor ride circle around Dennis as Lynn look on , happy . then ... a evicted family ( husband , wife , two kid ) drive up . confused and exhaust , they unpack they station wagon . lynn ( about the family ) hey connor , let 's see if this guy want some of you cake . we get some cheese pizza leave - you wanna ask if they want some cheese pizza ? Dennis stare at the family ; something 's wrong . he turn and start to leave abruptly . dennis alright , I gotta get derek home . lynn okay , we be just gonna grab some pizza and some cake , I think it have be nice to say hi to this guy . dennis Fine , I just gotta get derek home . the evicted man see Dennis . evicted man hey ! hey ! where you go ? hey you ! over here . I be talk to you ! Dennis reluctantly turn . the evicted man be visibly angry . dennis you be talk to I ? evicted man yeah , I be talk to you . what be you do here ? be you follow I ? dennis no , I live here . I do not know what you be talk about so ... 76 . evicted man yeah , I know who you be . what be you do here ? dennis what ? evicted man what be you do here ? dennis what do you mean ? I live here , I just tell you I live here . I do not know you , ok ? evicted man no , you be Rick carver Realty , I know exactly who you be . Dennis start try to move the man away from he family . dennis listen , listen - you do not know I . I do not know you . evicted man I know you ! you kick I out of my home ! dennis what ? Lynn 's face darken . connor look on , confuse . dennis I do not know you ! evicted man you work with Rick carver , you kick I out of my home ! dennis come over here , we will talk . evicted man why would I wanna go over there ? I wanna talk right here . nash , that 's you name , be not it ? connor stare . 77 . evicted man you do not want everyone else here to know what a fuck asshole you be ? and how you kick I and my family out of we home ? dennis you get I mix up with somebody . evicted man no I do not . I know exactly who you be . everyone at the motel be watch now . evicted family , kid , neighbor . dennis just calm down . evicted man you kick I out of my home ! you ruin my fuck life ! Dennis try to leave . evicted man shove he back . evicted man no , you do not get to go anywhere ! dennis ( get angry ) do not do that . lynn Dennis ! dennis get inside ! evicted man yeah , get inside ! dennis ( shove he ) do not fuck talk to she ! evicted man what be you gonna fuck do ?! he shove Dennis and they be in a fight . Lynn , connor , derek and the entire motel watch . lynn stop , please ! 78 . connor watch Dennis and evicted man fight . Motel people try to break it up . evicted man you motherfucker ! dennis ( to Lynn , connor ) go inside ! go inside ! lynn Dennis ! dennis take connor inside ! lynn okay ! Lynn take connor , still stare , away . Motel people finally get the evicted man away from Dennis . evicted man you ruin my life ! dennis I be not mess with this guy , he 's crazy . I do not know you . evicted man you know I ! dennis I do not fuck know you ! evicted man I know you , Rick carver Realty ! I know you ! I 's all see you every day . when you wake up . when you go to bed . when you fuck kid be play . int . motel room - sunset connor 's new bike in the cramped room ; Lynn and connor sit silently . Dennis stare out the window . dennis you okay ? lynn how would he know you name ? 79 . dennis I do not know . lynn because he know you face too . dennis I do not know , I work on foreclose home , maybe he see I at he house or - lynn Rick carver , Dennis ? be that who you be work for ? dennis no . no , I do not work for he . lynn you be kick people out of they home ? like the people who live here ? dennis no ! I do not - lynn that man just say - dennis he 's lie , ok . I be not kick anyone out of they home ! that guy be crazy . you see he . that asshole carver , he just represent he home by chance . that 's it . she do not buy it . someone bang on the window startling they all . motel tenant ( 0.s. ) asshole ! ! Dennis pull the curtain shut ; the room get dark . silence . lynn we can not stay here . connor can not stay here . dennis we be not go to . I be not do anything wrong , so stop give I all this shit . 80 . lynn be you evict people ? dennis mom ! lynn he say you be at he eviction ! dennis I do not know that fuck guy ! I do not know how he know I , I work on foreclose home , mom ! this guy get foreclose on , maybe he see I at he home , I do not know ! he open the door to leave . dennis lock the door . and keep the curtain close . he slam the door shut leave Lynn and connor alone . CUT to : aerial view of : Walt Disney World , Sea World , the Magic Kingdom castle ... then neighborhood , home and more home . int . moving helicopter - afternoon Rick point out landmark to khanna . it 's stuffy and sweaty . they shout to hear one another . Dennis stare out the window , amaze at the amount of home , the size , the scope . his imagination run wild . hold . rick carver Disney World , Sea World , universal studios . downtown Orlando 's 10 mile at you 2 o'clock , and at you 4 o'clock you 's 1ll see the Bank of Santa Fe home . khanna I never realize how close they be to shine - ola . rick carver about the Bank of Santa Fe deal - 81 . khanna - it have not even be a week since we pick up 15 home from Ortiz and all the appliance , acs and water pump be miss . rick carver you be kid I ? khanna that 's $ 150,000 hit . Hidden expense kill return , so vesic 's not interested anymore . rick carver this Bank of Santa Fe deal be like one giant ATM machine . what can I do to get vesic back into that home ? khanna I just do not think it 's possible . rick carver how about this : I 'il put appliance back in that 15 home - free of charge - and you move the Bank of Santa Fe from Ortiz over to I . khanna smile . Rick be uncertain why ... khanna tell you what . put brand spanking new appliance , acs and water pump into any of the 100 home that need they and you get yourself a deal . dennis appliance , yes . acs and water pump , no . Rick be surprised Dennis speak . khanna ok . but the home have to be unoccupy in 30 day . put it in write and you have a deal . int . rick's empty mcmansion # 2 - night empty-mansion -party . Dennis , Rick , tamika , karina ( 20 ) , link , sexy young women and distinguished type mingle . music . 82 . later Rick and Dennis talk above the crowd near a chandelier . rick carver for the Santa Fe deal I 'il give you 6 % of my share . you will end up with around $ 63,000 pre-tax . dennis ( grin ) I guess I can accept that , - 63,000 , you say ? shit yes ! tamika and karina arrive with drink . rick carver you use to dream about one home . now it 's 100 . dennis ( raise glass ) to dream . tamika & karina to dream . rick carver fuck dream . to 100 home . int . rick's empty mcmansion # 2 - later everyone dance . karina grind Dennis . Rick and tamika more romantic . drunk , Dennis rub he face - he 's lose control . ext . rick's empty mcmansion # 2 - night Rick dangle he foot in the water , smoking a cigar . Dennis come down the walkway . rick carver uh-oh . the Zombie be come to get I . Dennis slump on the dock beside he , drunk . thinks . dennis have anyone ever come up to you , somewhere , after a eviction ? 83 . rick carver someone try to run I off the road a year ago . I have not go to dinner once with my wife and girl in the last three year without look over my shoulder . it 's why I carry this , even now , 5 be . he take he gun out and show it . dennis be it worth it ? rick carver .--. as oppose to what ? dennis rick carver do someone get to you ? dennis no. rick carver bullshit . someone 's call you . or they find you ? Dennis say nothing . Rick set he gun down between they . rick carver so. nash . the sun be come up and here we be . what do you think ? dennis about what ? rick carver you want to kill I once . now you be go to make a lot of money . dennis I do wanna kill you . I dunno . I dunno what I be do here , but I be thankful . what can I do , you know , my dad ... well he kill himself pretty much . ( hold up he drink , then pour it out ) sorry to waste you booze . he die of a heart attack , booze , food , whatever you wanna call it . ( more ) 84 . dennis ( cont 'd ) Left I with my mom , my boy ... my boy ... as oppose to what ?... Rick stare on . dennis I need to move into my home . now . I can not wait anymore . rick carver it 's gotta be list for sale on the ml first . few more week . dennis no . I can not stay in that motel any longer . rick carver just pick another one . you get the money now , buy whatever you want . there 's plenty of home in the sea . like I say , do not get emotional about real estate , nash ! they be box . you listen ? Big box , small box . what matter be how many you get . you be gonna have more property than woman to fill ‘em with . you know that , right ? buy one for you mom , one of you kid and one for yourself . what do I care ? yes sir , 100 home ... dennis 1000 fuck home . Rick lie down and smoke he cigar . rick carver watch out for the gator . they do not sleep . make sure I do not roll into the water . Dennis think about the future ... something on he mind . int . dennis 's truck [ moving ] - day Dennis drive the family in the pack truck , just like when they be first evict . lynn why be we go this way ? 85 . dennis I want to show you something . Lynn stare out the window , uneasy . ext . dennis 's new home - afternoon the large beautiful home that Dennis see earlier . he pull up ; they get out . Lynn and connor be confuse . lynn what be this ? dennis just trust I and follow I please . int . dennis 's new home - continuous Dennis open the door . lynn what be this ? dennis have a look . lynn why ? dennis come on ! just a quick tour . they be startle by the size and high -ceiling . he show they around , a large master bedroom and two other room - all furnish . connor it 's a cool pool . dennis I would say . you wanna dive in , right ? connor who 's basketball hoop be that ? dennis I think that use to belong to shaquille o'neal . ( more ) dennis ( cont 'd ) but he lower it because he like to dunk sit down . lynn can we go now ? please ? dennis you see the pool ? Lynn shrug . dennis I buy this for you . connor and Lynn do not get it . Dennis point to the pool . dennis ( to connor ) and you . that 's you pool . lynn let 's go home , this be not funny . dennis I be not joke , mom . lynn that 's not he basketball net . this be somebody else 's . and I want we house . I wanna go home . dennis I sell that home . I sell it and flip the money into this . this be ours , fresh start . I do not want to go back to the house we be evict from . lynn ( shocked ) you sell we house ? dennis there be no more home . we could not move in there for three week , and we have to move , do not we ? so I get this . I have to get we out of that motel so connor would not get kill , so I would not get kill - lynn who give you this home ? how do you get it ? by kick people out of they home ? you buy this ?! 86 . 87 . dennis I do not kick anybody out of this home , I buy this home with money that I earn ! so I could put a roof over you head and I could put food in he mouth ! we be drown , mom , we have to get out ! lynn it stop here . dennis I buy this fair and square . I do not take it from anyone . lynn I be gonna call Jimmy . we be move to Tampa . come on connor . she walk to the door with connor . dennis wait . Mom . lynn and you be gonna figure this out . dennis I do this for connor . we be drown . lynn Rick carver ? Rick carver who buy we house for we ? I be not stay here . I be not stay in this home . Dennis look at connor . dennis what do you want ? connor go to he mom . Dennis be devastate . i/e. dennis 's home - night Dennis turn on the swim pool light while drink a beer . he 's drunk . turn on all the light in the backyard . Lynn prepare connor a simple dinner . she glance at Dennis turn on light throughout the house . connor look up at he father through the window . 88. int . dennis 's new home - morning he walk through he empty home . he go to Lynn 's lock bedroom door and knock . dennis connor ?... Mom , be connor okay ? lynn ( 0.s . ) he 's sleep . ext . dennis 's new home - morning Dennis pace around the pool smoking . his phone ring . he look at the home as he talk . dennis ( into phone ) hi Rick ... right now ? -... ok . int . william freeman' law firm - morning Dennis enter and see : Freeman 's office in the distance . behind the glass window be Rick , Freeman , link , and Freeman 's associate . Dennis see a young lawyer run from one end of the office with a paper in he hand . he enter Freeman 's office and hand the paper to Freeman , who look it over and nod . Freeman hand the paper to Rick , who walk out of the office and bee-line to Dennis . rick carver one of the Santa Fe homeowner be block he eviction in court tomorrow . if he 's successful and other will follow and vesic will pull out . he hand the paper to Dennis . rick carver this be a proof of publication ; it be not file six month ago . Freeman 's boy just back date and notarize it . you need to be at the courthouse globe at 9:45 a.m . the Court clerk will meet you there . give it to he . 89 . dennis this be forge ? rick carver it 's a stupid piece of paper someone forget to file when the loan be be buy and sell a million time over . it 's just a technicality . Dennis look at the paper and turn white as he read : dennis ... Frank greene . rick carver yeah , the same deadbeat who be steal my water and power . I tell you he be no good . he clap loudly and startles a distract Dennis . rick carver hey ! that 's not you dick in you hand . that 's the Santa Fe deal , 100 home , 1000 more with Freeman , we money , Miami , you home , everything . you awake or what ? dennis yeah . yes . ok . rick carver do not '' yeah , yes , ok '' I . courthouse globe . 9:45 be . int . court / globe area - morning the envelope in hand , a hesitant Dennis look at the globe . on the other side of the room , he spot Frank greene speak with he attorney . he 's careful not to be see . Dennis see Frank hug he wife and kid . they be optimistic . they be go to win . he stare at Frank 's Son , a lot like connor . franks son ( to the lawyer ) hello . he shake hand with the lawyer . 90 . int . court bathroom - moment later Dennis rub he face with water . beep beep . he read text from Rick : where the fuck be you ? / call I ! Dennis look at he ringing phone . it 's Rick call . Dennis decline the call . the time on he phone read : 9:52am . he dry he face and look at himself in the mirror . ringing . ringing . dennis ( into phone ) hel - int . freeman' office - morning Rick try not to shout - rick carver ( into phone ) what the hell 's go on ?! intercut between rick and dennis dennis ( into phone ) nothing , I - rick carver ( into phone ) get you ass to the globe now , or consider you life over . how far be you ? dennis ( into phone ) I be here now . rick carver ( into phone ) and ? dennis ( into phone ) I be about to give it to he . rick carver ( into phone ) Dumb fuck ! call I as soon as it 's over . hang up . Dennis stand in the bathroom , envelope in hand . 91 . int . court / globe area - moment later the Court clerk ( from Dennis 's eviction ) pace near the globe . Dennis see he . instead of approach , he turn and leave . court clerk hey !... hey ! Dennis see the clerk take quick stride to he . court clerk be you with Rick carver ? Dennis hesitates . court clerk be you with Rick carver ? be you with carver or not ? Dennis do not respond . court clerk be that it ? the clerk grab it from he . court clerk idiot ! he quickly leave . Dennis stand alone . int . court room - moment later Dennis peer though the window of the double door and see : Frank greene next to he Attorney adjacent to Freeman lawyer . judge as far as I can tell , the proof of publication be here . the bailiff hand the paper to Frank 's lawyer . FREEMAN lawyer you honor , we already have a buyer in place and we would like to get this property off the book . franks lawyer if we check the file index , I be sure this have not be dockete . 92 . judge that may be , but the proof be in the file and that 's all the statute require . I be order the sale to go forward . frank greene wait a second ... what ? you honor , this be not right . we know for a fact that file be not there . judge bsb versus ballard . frank greene I be there . I know there be no proof of publication . ( to he lawyer ) you , you know it be not there . ( to judge ) my ... my wife and kid be here . do you see they ? my wife , my child ? int . dennis 's new home - day Dennis enter . he look around . at the pool . nobody be there . he go upstairs . get more concerned . dennis connor ? move to the bedroom . dennis Mom ? connor ? connor ?! nobody be there . Dennis dial he phone . ringing . ringing . voicemail . he break down . Lynn and connor be go . int . dennis 's new home - night Dennis drunkenly play with connor 's basketball , he phone next to the gun . he drink from the whiskey bottle . 93. int . dennis 's new home - sunrise sunlight hit Dennis , pass out and alone in the large , empty live room . ring . ring . he wake up from a nightmare . grab he phone . it 's not he family . dennis ( into phone ) hi Rick - int . rick be BMW suv - continuous intercut between Rick and dennis Rick pull up to Dennis 's home in he news BMW x6 suv . rick carver ( into phone ) Morning Donald trump . I be outside you new mansion . where be you ? Frank greene 's eviction . let 's go . it hit Dennis like a punch in the gut . rick carver ( into phone ) hello ? Dumb ass . you there ? int . rick's BMW suv [ moving ] - morning Rick drive . Dennis sit . rick carver there 's eight other homeowner that we be go to have to evict after greene . we need to make aggressive cash - for-key offer to they . we 'il pay out of pocket if we have to . but if they give I any flack - Freeman 's boy and the court clerk , baby . no big deal . Dennis look out the passenger window , torment . ext . frank greene's home - continuous a boil - hot day . sheriff , Jeff and crew wait outside greene 's home . neighbor across the street . Rick and Dennis arrive . they approach sheriff # 1 who 's speak with franks neighbor . 94 . while they talk , Dennis stare at Frank 's home and see Frank peer at they from behind he live room window curtain . franks neighbor # 1 -- . she 's a worried wreck say Frank have not sleep in day . that he 's up all night on the internet - rick carver Excuse I , mar ’am . - Bobby . let 's get this show on the road . sheriff # 1 Morning Rick . possible trouble with the tenant - Mr. greene . seem he and he wife - franks neighbor # 1 even last night we hear he yell - rick carver ma ’‘am . thank you . we be not marriage counselor . ( to sheriff ) let 's get cooking . sheriff # 1 small problem ; he may be armed . Dennis take this in . rick carver well go find out , Bobby . sheriff # 1 I x11 call back up and check it out . Dennis squint he eye in the bright sun and look at Frank behind the curtain . dennis be he family in there with he ? neighbor friend # 1 oh , yes . she be at my door this morning cry before he call she back inside . the kid do not go to school either . they all stare at the house . sheriff # 1 alright , I be go to check it out . 95 . rick carver thanks for the play by play . hurry up . sweat fall over Dennis 's eye . he wipe it as he watch the two sheriff walk towards Frank 's house . then Dennis see Frank raise something towards they . Dennis realize what 's about to happen . it 's fast . and loud . smash , smash Frank greene smashes the window and raise a remington woodmaster 742 semi-automatic 30.06 rifle out of he home . neighbor and Crew run for cover , scream . frightened , Rick pull Dennis behind he suv . frank greene I do not want to hurt anyone . please get back . all of you . you be trespasp . I do not want to hurt anyone , but this be my home . get off my property . rick carver ( to Dennis ) where 's you gun ?! you do not have it ?! sheriff # 1 Sir , put the weapon down ! frank greene you be trespasp ! Frank fire two shot at the grass . sheriff run behind they cruiser and pull they gun . sheriff # 2 Shots fire , shot fire ! Dennis punch the side of Rick 's suv . dennis fuck , fuck ! frank greene I be not go to leave here ! Dennis hear Frank 's wife and kid cry for he to stop . 96 . i/e . frank greene 's home - continuous Frank motion he wife and kid to get back . frank greene go to the bedroom . do not stand there ! get in the bedroom , now ! sheriff # 1 point he gun at Frank . sheriff # 1 Sir , put the gun down ! Frank point the weapon out the window again . frank greene God damn it , stop it ! put that down , put it down , now ! sheriff # 1 not gonna happen , sir ! Frank hide out of view again . sheriff # 1 Sir , why do not you send you wife and kid out ? Dennis see Frank stare out at what he 's do . Police car arrive . two policemen jump out with gun , ask for update . sheriff # 2 Sir , drop you weapon ! silence for a moment . frank greene the court decide my fate in 60 second flat . nobody check the file index . fact . no proof of publication file . fact . nobody look at my cancel check that prove payment to the bank . fact . the judge be retire , not up for re-election and not beholden to the citizen of this county . a lifetime in 60 second and this be my home . franks son dad ! 97 . Frank turn to he and the gun go off accidentally shoot a box of file . they scream . Frank be horrify . frank greene get in the bedroom ! Dennis hear this . dennis fuck ! no , no ! he look at Rick , inch from he . they have never be this close . Rick breath hard , sweat ; he 's scared . Rick notice a shift in Dennis and squint he eye . rick carver --- no . Dennis rip he arm free , get up from behind the suv and walk to the lawn . Rick try to stop he , but be frighten . rick carver Dennis ! sheriff # 1 get back ! do not approach the house ! rick carver do something ! what the hell be you wait for ?! Dennis ignore Rick and the sheriff 's pleas and walk towards Frank 's home . frank greene stop ! get off my property . please get back or I be go to shoot . I will shoot you . Frank point the rifle and Dennis stop walk . frank greene I be not go to leave my home . get off my lawn . dennis this be you home , this be you property Frank , I know ! please put that down . 98 . frank greene the bank make more money last year than anytime in the history of human civilization . fact. fact . sound of siren . Dennis glance behind and see police car , fire truck and ambulance arrive . detective and cop in bullet proof vest spill out . frank greene I have the right to shoot anyone who step foot on my property . you be trespasp . get off or I will shoot . I do not want to do this . dennis Frank please put it down and let you family out , please ! frank greene look up there . look . look up there . do you see that ? look ! Dennis look up . the sun glare in he eye . frank greene that be the sun and it be shine . you can not tell I it 's night when I know it 's day . even if God come down here and say it be night , I know it 's day . I know what I know , and nobody can tell I the sun be not shine . nobody . Dennis and Frank 's eye be lock . and Dennis 's mouth open : dennis I cheat you . I put a forge document in you file the morning of you case . Frank take this in . he be not surprised . detective , sheriff , cop , neighbor all hear Dennis 's word . Rick stare with wonder and fear at Dennis . dennis this be you home . Frank and Dennis stare at each other . 99 . Rick and everyone wait with wonder . Frank lower he rifle . then toss it out the window . frank greene I be come out . he open the door and step out of the home with he hand high . police get on you knee . now . hand behind you head . lie down . Dennis watch Frank get on he knee , then lie down . Police advance , gun point , knee to he back , handcuff he . Dennis see Police escort Frank 's frighten family out of the home to safety . two detective approach Dennis and talk with he . he point at Rick . Rick watch the detective escort Dennis towards he . Rick smile and tap Dennis on the shoulder . rick carver you do a hell of a thing , son . a hell of a thing . detective Excuse I , sir . be you the bank 's realtor ?... Sir ? Dennis and Rick stare at each other . hold . rick carver ( to Dennis ) thank you . Dennis stare at Rick 's steely eye . do he mean it ? detective Sir ? be you Rick carver ? rick carver yes , I be . detective we need to speak with you . 100 . Dennis and Rick look at each other for one last moment before the Police take Dennis away . Rick put on he sunglass . i/e. detective 's car / frank greene 's home - continuous the detective seat Dennis in the car and be call away . Dennis be alone . he look out the back window and see Rick try to grab sheriff # 2 by the shoulder to talk , but the sheriff brushes he off and alone , Rick Dennis see phone . they Dennis then Frank 's son future . quickly walk away . get on he phone , call someone , pace . the detective approach Rick who get off the begin question he . see franks 's son outside the car . look at he , smile , and run away to a better the end