a_beautiful D by akiva goldsman base on the biography by sylvia nassar rev . 8/11/2000 mm . fade in on : ext .- NORTH america-1947-day the way the world look to God . the odd puzzle geometry of sea and land piece together as if by unseen design . closer . . van neumann ( over ) mathematician win the war ... ext .- new jersey-1947-day alternate square of lawn and lot , criss -crossing highway , a game board of cement and grass . closer still ... van neumann ( over ) mathematician break the japanese code and build the a-bomb ... ext.-princeton university -day row of head . push in on a single face look skyward , as if he can see we . uncommoenly handsome . pierce blue eye . JOHN nash . van neumann ( over ) mathematician like you ... track over the all male student to the head of the common . JOHN van neumann , be deliver the matriculation speech . van neumann but peace 's flame burn all too briefly . Atomic weapon be within stalin 's reach . you be the vanguard of democracy and freedom . today , we bequeath America 's future into you able hand . welcome to Princeton . the crowd erupt in applause . ext . - princeton - president 's S reception sunlight dapple the flicker autumn leave . student in formal dress mill . find two student stand at a bar , sip martinis . zweifel be tall and wiry , like a scarecrow make of skin . shapely be older , maybe 26 , and handsome . both watch someone in the crowd . shapely milnor 's gonna get the brass ring if it kill he . zweifel he 's use to pretty metal . ( tap he tooth ) Silver spoon . reverse on the subject of they musing . a student with shaggy hair and fiercely intelligent eye be pump hand . martin milnor . zweifel it 's not enough he win the Carnegie scholarship . shapely have to have it all for himself . camera drift to a third figure stand near they at the bar . John nash can not help but overhear they conversation . Zweifel notice . zweifel first time the Carnegie prize have be split . now milnor 's all bent . nash nod , look again at the young man work the crowd . shapely he 's set he sight on the new military think tank at rand . zweifel they only recruit the best brain from each class . shapely milnor 's use to be pick first . - ( extend he hand ) shapely . symbol cryptography . zweifel shapes break a jap code . helped rid the world of fascism . least that 's what he tell the girl . ( extend he hand ) Zweifel . Atomic physics . and you be ... just then a third fellow run up . breathless , clever face that resemble he name . fox . fox be I late ? Zweifel and shapely exchange a look . he 's always late . at shapely & zweifel yes . fox ( to nash ) hi. I be Fox . that 's when milnor emerge from the crowd to join he friend . milnor ah the burden of genius . so many supplicant , so little time . milnor 's eye light on nash . the beat of recognition be so slight it 's almost imperceptible . then he smile . milnor I ' 1l take a white wine . nash Excuse I . milnor a thousand pardon . I simply assume you be the waiter . fox play nice , milnor . shapely Nice be not milnor 's strong suit . milnor a honest mistake . what with that war ration shoe ... nash 's outfit do look off the rack compare to milnor 's couture . nash it 's not you first mistake . I read you brief on Nazi cipher . with that , nash offer a slight nod , turn and walk off . fox who be that mask man ? milnor gentlemen meet John nash . the mysterious West Virginia genius . the other winner of the distinguished '' Carnegie scholarship . off milnor . he 's still watch nash go . ext.- princeton -freshman dorm-sunset the sun be low in the sky . nash head into the tall dormitory . int .-freshman dorm room-sunset nash enter . small but well furnish . his clothes be still pack in trunk . nash pull off he tie , go to the window . couple and laughing group move across the sun-drenched field . nash rest he forehead against the glass . alone . the door swing open behind he . unruly hair and a tuxedo that look sleep in whirl into the room . meet charle herman . charle the prodigal roommate arrive . Charles begin stripping as he speak . nash stare in wonder as off come he jacket and bow-tie . nase roommate ? charle do you know that a hangover be not have enough water in you body to run you kreb cycle ? Charles pull off he pants , and hopping , both shoe . charle which be exactly what happen when you die of thirst . now finally he shirt , which he throw on the couch . charle so die of thirst would feel like the hangover that finally kill you . he grab a towel and head for the door . charle nash , right ? happy to meet you . nash-close . speechless . oo a 5 a touch football game-close . a hand move into frame , outline the player with wax box and vector . wider ... int .- nash 's dorm room -night nash have move he desk in front of the picture window , sit now mark the player position on the pane . charle officially almost human again . Charles have entered from the hall , hair wet , towel around he neck . charle Officer , I see the driver who hit I . his name be johnny Walker . nash continue work as Charles open the closet , pull out bag which he apparently stow before nash 's arrival . begins unpack . charle I get in last night . right in time for English Department cocktail . the cock be mine . the tail belong to a lovely young thing with a passion for d.h. lawrence . nash nod , still do not look up from he work . charle not easily distract , be you ? nash I be here to work . charle I see . Charly spot a bowl of wrap amaretto cookie on nash 's desk . nash cover the bowl before Charles can grab one , never once look up from he pad . that 's when Charles actually climb up on nash 's desk , sit right in front of he . nash hey - . charle be my roommate a dick ? 6 Charles reach into he pocket and pull out something . a silver flask . wave it in nash 's face . charle if we can not break the ice , how about we drow it ? . ext.-dorm rooftop -sunset Charles and nash stand under the crimson sky on the roof of the dorm , pass the flask . charle so how 's it go ? you the poor boy who do not go to Harvard or Yale ... nash ( brushes he shoulder ) that 's I . Big chip . charle or the nerdy kid the other kid only like for he brain ? nash just shrug . '' nash my first grade teacher write , John have a beautiful mind . I be five . charle lot of smart people around here . nash but that 's all I be . smart . I be not warm . I do not do people well . a couple of guy race , laughing , past , toss a moonrise football . nash half this guy already publish . I can not waste time with book or class . I have to come up with a truly original idea . it 's the only way I will distinguish myself . it 's the only way I all ... charle matter . ' nash glance over to Charles , startle , then just nod . ld q nash reach into he pocket , pull out two wrap amaretto cookie . hand one to Charles . charle the cookie help . finally , nash smile back . int . - classroom-day a man tower before the class . Wire -rimm glass . the oldest eye in the world . professor lew horner . horner the Russians state goal be worldwide communism ... horner move to the blackboard . cover with arcane symbol , the hieroglyphics of high level math . horner it be on we to stop they . what we be look for here be math with practical application . morse 's dot and dash . Einstein 's tear atom . number that can change the world . a group of student stare up at he . Zweifel , milnor , shapely , Fox and several other . only one chair be empty . horner result , gentleman . publishable . applicable . result ... tap the board . horner this be a actual Russian Air Force code . can you break it ? Mr. shapely you be disqualified . shapley nod slightly , lean back , light a cigarette . horner scrawl a final set of symbol on the board . horner all right complete the sequence ! go ! milnor Seven . eorner nscrawl more symbol ) good. again . hurry , they mig 15' be head we way . zweifel ° seventeen . horner nscrawl more ) again . they be close in on the Capitol . milnor six - horner ( scrawl more ) again . you can hear the roar of they tupolevs - milnor Seven - horner ( scrawl more ) the warhead be armed - milnor Seven , seven , one . horner set down the chalk . wipe the chalk dust from he hand with a series of clap . horner Washington owe you a debt of gratitude Mr. milnor . good work . horner look around the room . . horner from now on , this be how you will think of number . not as theory . not as abstraction . as weapon . horner sit back on the desk . horner my name be lew horner and I will be you teacher . welcome to Mathematics in think and action . q he glance at the empty chair . then at he roster . horner where the hell be ... nash ? milnor look out the window . follow milnor 's gaze into ... ext.- princeton courtyard-day milnor ( over ) he 's look for he original idea . nash be on he bicycle riding around the courtyard in figure eight , eye half - close , student scatter as he go . ext .-princeton game quad -day Stone game table build into the wide cement courtyard . the last brown leave whip like dervish across the expanse . Van neumann stand with milnor , Zweifel , shapely and a few other over a go board set with marble . van neumann we study game to study strategic behavior in conflict ... Fox push into the group . van neumann thank you for stop by Mr. Fox . put simply , the study of game be the study of war ... ( over ) a whistling rise , crystal clear . beethoven 's moonlight sonata . all turn to reveal nash , walk backwards past they . van neumann good day , Mr nash . Care to join ? nash look ‘up , apparently startle by they presence . nash class dull the mind and destroy authentic creativity . no offense . van neumann none take . milnor John 's go to stun we all with he original idea . 10 zweifel ( mouth ) psy-cho. milnor which be another way of say he do not have the nerve to compete . milnor rap the game table with he knuckle . milnor scare ? a beat . then nash smile . ext.- princeton game quad -minute later nash face milnor across the go board . the play be incredibly fast . as they speak , they never take they eye off the game board . milnor let I ask you something , John . nash be my guest , Martin . milnor Fox and Zweif correctly predict stress fracture on yeager 's X - 1l . nash adequate work without innovation . fox I be flatter . be you flatter ? zweifel flatter . milnor I have get two weapon brief under security review by the dod . nash derivative drivel . the pace of play have increase to a amazing speed , less and less marble on the board . milnor but nash achievement : zero . 11 nash be there a actual question come ? milnor what if you never come up with you original idea ? how will it feel when I '' choose for rand and you be not ? nash do not answer , concentrate on he play . milnor what if you lose ? and with that milnor make a deat move and take the game . nash sit there . stun . nash you should not have win . the game be flaw . milnor ah , the hubris of the defeat . nash be furious , sweep the board with he hand , rise and walk away . milnor smile , shake he head . milnor gentlemen , the great John nash . ext .-princeton dorm quad -sunset nash stand stare down at a go board at he foot . his face line with deep frustration . nash -pov . different section of the board suddenly go dark , pattern of square rise and fall , form different shape with ever increase speed . pull back and up to ... ext.-princeton dorm quad -accelerated time high angle of nash stand alone in the courtyard , head bow . the sun sink behind the horizon ; the moon move across the starry sky ; and the sun rise again . nash-close . eye red in the early morning light . still stare at the board . finally , he blink , as if for the first . time . 12 ext .-princeton game quad -morning Fox watch on as shapely and Zweifel play go . nash walk up and grab the board in mid-game , marble clatter to the courtyard . zweifel what the hell - . nash pull something from he back pocket . it 's a knife . the other jump up . nash have a maniacal gleam in he eye . shapely John , take it easy - nash lift the board and in two deat stroke , slice away both side , leave a triangle . he drop the cut board on the table . nash turn and walk away . the other stare after he . zweifel he 's totally lose it . fox what a whacko , huh , shapes ? ae but shapely 's not listen , he 's stare at the new game board . shapely will you look at this .... ext.- princeton game quad - afternoon track down a row of two - player table . all sit over cut -down , triangular board . find Van neumann and milnor walk the quad . van neumann you work on hydrogen fusion be impressive . milnor I know the boy at rand be do h - bomb research , sir . I be hopeful - but Van neumann have become distract by two student play go on the triangular board . he move to they . milnor follow . van neumann what have we here ? q student it 's derive from go . but variant outcome be make impossible by the shape of the board . quite simply , it 's perfect , sir . van neumann where do it come from ? student I do not know . but it 's call nash . int .-library -late night 13 track past the librarian , past oak table and green read lamp , find nash draw on the large circular window over the campus . charle ( over ) you have be here two day . nash turn to find Charles behind he . jchn look exhaust . nash milnor just publish another brief . and I have come up with nothing ... Charly walk to the glass , appraise nash 's work . charle Hell , no . you invent window art . nash gesture to the first pattern . nash this group represent a game of touch football ... ( off the second pattern ) this be a cluster of pigeon fight for bread crumb .... ( off the third ) - and this be a woman chase a man who steal she purse .... charle you watch a mugging ? nash in competitive behavior , someone always lose ... charle my niece know that . she 's nine . tn 14 nash if I could devise a stratagem where nobody lose , the effect on arm negotiation ... nash 's jacket hit he in the chest . nash look up , startle . | charle " when be the last time you eat ? nash stare at he blankly . charle you know , food ? Charly grab nash 's wax pencil from he hand , shove it in he pocket , begin walk away . nash you have no respect for the peril of the free world , do you know that ? charle pizza . I have respect for pizza . and maybe beer ... a beat . then nash follow . ext.-old home bar -princeton -night warm amber light shine through the window of the bar as student push inside , out of the deepen cold . int .-old home bar - night ( over ) les brown on the jukebox . student party with co -ed from neighbor school . shapely charm a few girl at the bar . nash be at the pool table . make a bank shot . chalks up again . - zweifel ( over ) who 's win , you or you ? Zweifel stand with milnor , who be hold two beer . hand one to nash . John take the bottle , puzzle . milnor that new game board be impressive . lousy name . but impressive . that 's when Fox arrive . gesture the waitress for a beer . 15 fox hey . oh , hey nash . Wilson tank . zweifel what ? fox Bell lab new transistor blow he schematics out of the water . milnor that calculation take hima year . fox pack up in the middle of the night . just go . milnor look at he beer , raise it in silent salute . drink . zweifel hey , nash , somebody 's try to get you attention . shapely , arm now securely around a luscious brunette , be gesture nash over . the blond giggle , avert she eye . nash put down he cue warily , head towards the bar . milnor this be gonna be good . int .-old home bar-moment later nash be at the bar with becky , the blond co-e . the two stand there in awkward silence . the moment stretch on . finally ... maybe you want to buy I a drink . nash appraise she clinically . when he speak now , he word have a deliberate quality that bely they speed . nash look , I do not know exactly what thing I be require to say in order for you to have intercourse with I . but could we assume I have say they ? I mean essentially we be talk about fluid exchange , right ? so , could we go right to the sex ? ( } 16 becky that be sweet . she slap he across the face . becky have a nice night , asshole . she walk off . John turn to face the bar . voice ( over ) want a piece of friendly advice ? wider . Charles have sidl up beside he . nash be ' not 's a actual option ? charle you may be a genius , but when it come to the calculus of human emotion , you do not have a clue . so buy they drink . smile . nod a lot . and maybe keep you mouth shut . nash what 's unfriendly advice sound like ? Charles clap he on the shoulder and grin . charle I especially like the fluid exchange part . with that , Charles ruffle he hair and head for the door . nash turn back to the bar . alone . ext.-princeton-fine hall-day the common be pristine field of snow . the stony facade of Fine Hall glisten , icicle hang like sparkling whisker . van neumann ( over ) perhaps you academic progress have suffer from too much isolation ... int .-fine hall -math department hallway -walking nash and Van neumann be walk the long hall , square of winter sun and shadow glide across they face . 17 van neumann human connection give we perspective . Friends ... nash I do not make friend . van neumann why not ? nash apparently I be a asshole . Van neumann would laugh if John be not dead serious . van neumann the faculty be complete mid year review . we be make preliminary placement recommendation . nash rand would be my first choice , sir . Van neumann stare at he incredulously . finally , shake he head . van neumann the game be clever , John . but you fellow have attend class , write brief , publish papers - nash I be still search for - van neumann you original idea . I know . ( soften ) we have such high hope for you . they have come to the door of the math faculty lounge . Professors sit over small table be serve tea by tuxedo - clad waiter . nash what be they do ? a professor have rise and cross . now he do something peculiar . take he pen from he pocket , lay it in front of a seat man . van neumann the pen be one of the oldest tribute at Princeton . 18 more and more faculty be rise , lie they pen down in front of the smile man . van neumann reserved for a member of the department who make the achievement of a lifetime . Van neumann take he own pen from he pocket . then he pause , notice the hunger in John 's eye . van neumann what do you see , John ? nash recognition . van neumann try see appreciation . nash what 's the difference ? van neumann ( tap he head ) the difference be not here . ( tap he chest ) it 's here . John just stare at he blankly . van neumann John , I ask to see you because you record do not warrant any placement at all . nash Sir , I can still - . - van - neumann no , som . you can not . I be sorry . John stare at he . Van neumann smile sadly . then he walk inside , leave John alone , look in . int .- nash' dorm room -late afternoon nash stand , forehead against the picture window , stare out . the glass be cover with elaborate wax pattern . nash I can see it , come on , come on ... 19 nash crack he head , hard , on the glass , spiderwebbing the window . charle ( over ) Jesus . wider . Charles be sit up on he bed , look sleepy , sheet around he shoulder . he put he foot on the floor . smile grimly . charle what do that window ever do to you ? John turn to he now , the despair on he face palpable . nash I can not fail . do you understand ? John turn back to look back out the window . when he voice come again there be a defeat that be chill . . nase this be all I be . John slam he head into the glass again , hard . charle John , stop - John spin , plead eye full of rage and anguish . nase I can not fail . there 's no reason for I then . do you understand ? do you ?! Charles stare at he a long beat . finally ... charle ... yes . this seem to give nash some small comfort . a long beat . then he walk to the desk , begin to pull it backwards from the window . : nase no more stare out . face the wall . read they book , attend they class ... Charles stare at he a beat . he nod slowly . charle you be bleed . 20 Charles rise , hand he a towel . as John begin to tamp he forehead , Charles put he hand or . the edge of the desk . charle you know , friend nash ; if you want to win you own way ... Charles pull the desk back from the window , but do not let go . instead he bend , as if for traction . charle you can not play by they rule .... Charles begin shove the desk towards the window ... nash what be you - the desk hit and smashes through the glass . ext.-dorm room -late afternoon the desk blow through the window , tumble two storey to the ground in a explosion of wood and float sheet of paper . ext.-dorm room-continuous nash stand with Charles look down , out of the break picture window at the still settieng debris . charle heavy . nash nod , can not help a shocked grin . nash no witch 's slipper . good thing . charle - you answer be not , face the wall . it 's not in they book and in they class . it 's out there , right where you have be look . when they tell you to look away , you have just get to look closer . do you understand ? nash stare at he a beat . nash you be kind of strange , be not you ? 21 charle come from you , do you have any idea how much that scare I ? int .-old home bar - night ( over ) Sinatra on the juke . we boy be play pool . John sit alone , stare at the floor . milnor the Soviets just bar the UN from enter North Korea . shapely Germany 's next . they 's 11 build a wall right down the middle . watch . zweifel Russians be cold once . thousands die . they will not be cold again . milnor incoming . milnor be gesture to the door . about six woman have enter the bar . well , five and one . the blond in the lead be simply , perfect . pan across the guy 's stunne face . int .- old home bar -later the group sit talk , casting furtive glance at the blond and she girlfriend a couple of table away . milnor I be go to buy she a drink . nash that 's creative . zweifel will she want a large wedding ? shapely one beauty , too many suitor . fox sword , gentleman ? pistol at dawn ? milnor we apply Adam Smith 's benevolent hand . 22 fox in competition , individual ambition serve the common good . shapely every man for himself . zweifel that who strike out end up with she friend . John nod . then he gaze fix on the girl . zweifel she 's look over . I think she 's look at nash . milnor he may have the advantage now . but wait until he open he mouth . but John do not respond to the taunt . instead he continue to stare intently at the girl . milnor nash ? hey , Earth to nash . but nash do not take he eye off the girl 's table . nash Adam Smith be wrong . milnor what be you talk about ? nash -pov . the girl 's table grow dark , only the blond girl highlight , move into the foreground . nash ( over ) - if everyone compete for the blond ... nash -pov . image of all the boy surround the blond , then blow apart like fragment of glass , leave the blond stand alone . nash ( over ) .«.. we block each other and no one get she . nash -pov . the other girl rise into the foreground , image of we boy pair off with they . ae 23 nash ( over ) ... s0 then we go for she friend ... nash -pov . all the other girl suddenly go dark , leave we group stand alone . nash ( over ) '' -- but they give we the cold shoulder , because no one like to be second choice . again , no winner . nash -pov . the blond girl go dark . nash ( over ) ... but what if none of we go for the blond ... nash -pov . now image of the boy pair up with the remain girl . nash ... we do not get in each other 's way , we do not insult the other girl . nash -pov . the world go dark except for the couple which twirl like a mobile of arabesque in a victorious swirl . nash ( over ) that 's the only way we win . that 's the only way we all get laid . all be stare at he . nash Adam Smith say the best outcome for the group come from everyone try to do what 's best for himself . . milnor yes , nash , it 's the basis for all of modern economic theory . nash he be wrong . the best outcome come from everyone try to do what 's best for himself and the group . milnor nash , if this be some plan for you to get the blond alone ... but nash be not listen . he 's already pull on he coat . 24 nash do not you see ? Adam Smith be wrong . the father of economics be wrong . and with that he 's grab he coat , head out the door , he puzzle friend watch on . fox could he be weirder ? hold on milnor . face darken with concern . ext .- nash 's dorm room window - night nash sit bent over he pad , work . within the window frame nash continue to work , time pass normally . pull back and out ... ext .- nash 's dorm-accelerated time outside , snow cover the building , then melt , and tendril of ivy snake up the concrete facade and bloom , all while nash work on . int .-van neumann office -day Van neumann sit across the desk from nash , hold nash 's handwritten paper in he hand . van neumann you come up with this on a dating excursion ? nash simply nod . van neumann you realize this refute one hundred and fifty year of economic theory ? nash I do , sir . . van neumann that 's rather presumptuous , do not you think ? nash yes , sir . Van neumann stare at the young man . drop the paper on he desk . lit map -board of the cold war globe . early IBM computer . a young captain stand on a grillwork landing . van neumann well , Mr. nash , this document may be the single most important work on competitive bargain I have see . nash thank you , sir . van neumann it have immediate application to current peace and arm negotiation . you all get any placement you want . most of the top program will let you bring two support people . nash I ’1ll take Fox and Zweifel sir . Van neumann raise a eyebrow . leans back in he chair . nash I do it , do not I sir ? van neumann yes , John . you do . ext .-the pentagon -washington dc-day-1951 Sun break on the monolithic stone building . van neumann ( over ) where will you go ? int .-the pentagon -war room captain General , the team from rand be here . general show they in . 25 the hulk behemoth of reverse . two uniform technician , a senior analyst and a general stand before a wall paper with sheet of number . the Captain hit a button . a red wall light go green . Three men in raincoat enter , face obscure by the shadow of they hat . 26 captain General Wilson , this be rand team leader ... the lead man remove he hat to reveal ... captain ... Dr. John nash . Close cropped hair . four year since we have last see he . general glad you could come , Doctor . nash nod . hand he overcoat and glove to one of he aide . he be wear a slim black suit and tie . the General nod to the analyst . analyst we have be interceptin radio transmissicn from Moscow . general the computer can not detect a pattern . but I be sure it 's code . nash why be that , General ? general ever just know something , Dr. nash ? nash actually smile . nash constantly . nash move to the wall paper with code . general we have develop several cipher - but nash raise he hand , silencing the officer . he stand still , just stare at the number . then nash begin to whistle . push in on nash 's eye . in the black ocean of he pupil , the reflect row of code begin to move , form shifting pattern . pull back on nash , still stare at the wall . hour have pass , folk sit , jacket hang on chair back , coffee cup empty . nash -pov . Series of number darken as other rise , a cascade of rapidly change pattern , endless permutation until ... 27 nash there . nash open he hand to a pencil from one of he rise aide . he walk to the wall , begin circle various number . all stare . nash I need a map . North America I think . the General and the analyst exchange a look . the General nod and the Captain illuminate a map board of North America . nash this be longitude and latitudes . nash be already mark the map board . nash they appear to be rout order . Ways across the border into the US . nash glance upwards . from a glass booth overlook the room , a man be watch he . Fine dark suit . thin tie . nash who 's Big brother ? general Excuse I ? but when nash look up again , the booth be empty . the man have go . nash what be the Russians move , General ? but the General just clap he on the shoulder . general you have do you country a great service , son . the General turn , nash watch as the man begin tear down the sheet of code from the wall . ext .-mit campus -cambridge-afternoon a black sedan slow at a gate manned by uniform soldier . one soldier nod , wave the car through into ... 28 ext .-mit-rand compound -afternoon High fence . a section of building that essentially comprise a small military base in the center of MIT 's campus . nash emerge from the car , past scholar and military personnel . vanish into a large , single story building . rand headquarters . int .-mit rand headquarters - walking bustle . and hot . nash be walk down a long , sun - light corridor . a fellow fall into step with he . it 's Fox . fox Home run at the Pentagon . nash have they actually take the word classified out of the dictionary ? fox please . this be the military . the only place information travel faster be high school . at nash 4 Fox , how about you call I chief or boss or something ? fox how about you blow I ? nash that 's what I figure . nash strip off he jacket . another figure fall into step with they , a file folder in he hand . Zweifel . zweifel - Air conditioning break again . nash exactly how be we suppose to keep the world safe for democracy if we be stewing to death ? int .-mit rand headquarters - nash' office -continuous large . sunlit . wall cover with mathematical symbol , technical schematics . nash peel off he shirt , leave only he t . 29 nash two trip to the Pentagon in four year . fox that 's two more than we nve have . zweifel ( hand nash a file ) it get better . we just get we new assignment . nash Moscow have the h-bomb ... Zweifel and Fox exchange a look . they know what 's come . nash stalin 's practically load vv2 's with biological payload by hand ... ( slap the file on the desk ) and we be do stress test for a new dam . nash begin rifling he mail . a letter to Charles herman at U Texas . stamped : return to sender - address unknown . zweifel you make the cover of forbe . again . fox please note the use of you not we . forbes-close . nash lift the magazine from he mail pile . the cover read , America 's geniuse . four portrait . John look piss . nash it be suppose to be just I . zweifel John , exactly what 's the difference between genius and most genius ? nash everything . fox oroll he eye ) he 's you son . zweifel anyway , you have get ten minute - 30 nash I have always get ten minute . fox before you first class . nash-close . actually pale . nash can not I get a note from a doctor ? zweifel you be a Doctor . and no . you know the drill . we get facility ... fox MIT get America 's great mind of today teach America 's great mind of tomorrow . poor bastard . Fox thrust a briefcase into nash 's arm . 2weifel have a nice day at school . nash ( nead for the door ) screw you both . really . and with that , he 's go . zweifel oh to be a fly on the wall . CUT to : a hard hat be jack -hammering one of the cement walkway . deafening . pull back through a window to reveal ... int .-mit classroom-afternoon ( over ) the construction racket . maybe two dozen grad student sit restlessly at they desk , sweat , fan themselves , window open to the meager breeze . nash enter in he t-shirt . he deposit he briefcase on the desk , stare out at the class like a soldier eying the enemy . nash what the hell be that racket ? nash begin close window , shutting out the construction noise . 31 student can we leave one open Professor ? it 's really hot , sir ... nash have return to the board . turn to face the boy who speak . nash you comfort come second to my ability to hear my own voice . personally , I be certain this class will be a deadly waste of both you , and worse , my time . but , here we be . attend or not . complete the assignment at you whim . we begin . pan across the stunne face . a beat . nash return to the board . nash this non- linear equation should take you several month to solve .... nash trail off . a girl , maybe 20 , have rise . exquisite . powerfully intelligent eye . a dancer 's body . this be alicia larde . nase miss ... she cross the room , turn now and hold nash 's gaze a beat . then she push open a window . folk just stare , stunne , as she poke she head outside , begin talking . we hear only random word , then laughter . through the window . the construction worker move off . see the look she give he , as stun as it be impassable . a beat . then nash offer the barest nod . turn back to the board . nash as I be say , this equation .. pull back over nash as alicia continue around the room , open every window to the breeze . ext .-mit rand-headquarters-day nash be climb the front step towards the main door . voice ( over ) Professor nash ... stand on the path be a single figure . slim black suit . 32 man Big brother at you service . nash inspect the Department of Defense photo id and badge , emboss with a government seal . meeti william parcher . nash so , what can I do for the dod ? ext .-mit-rand compound -walking parcher be lead nash away from the main rand building , deeper into the fence off military compound . parcher impressive work at the Pentagon . John just nod . parcher oppenheimer use to say genius see the answer before the question . nash you know oppenheimer ? parcher his project be under my command . nash which project ? ( eye widen ) that project ? nash stop , terribly impressed . William just shake he head . parcher it 's not that simple , you know . - nash you end the war . parcher we burn up two hundred thousand people in a heartbeat . nash great deed come at great cost . William 's smile , come now , be very old . 33 parcher conviction be a luxury of the that on the sideline . William resume walk . John fall into step . parcher no close friend . no family . why be that , John ? nash get to know I . parcher 's laugh catch nash by surprise . they have come all abandon , parcher there be endeavor where you lack of personal connection would be consider a advantage . nash what be that ? parcher but what distinguish you , John , be that you be , quite simply , the best natural code breaker I have ever see . to a row of warehouse at the rear of the compound . paint chipping , window board up . parcher ever be here ? nash we be tell during orientation this warehouse be abandon ... parcher that 's cover . military speak for a lie . they have arrive at a warehouse at the end of the row . New window , a fresh coat of paint . a soldier stand guard salute . parcher you life exist on the surface of a mighty ocean . what lie underneath , force collide , ready to break the surface at any moment and shatter the calm , that 's my world . 34 nash good speech . parcher it should be . ( sad smile ) I have make it enough time . William walk to the door , pull it open . int .-mit rand compound - parcher 's warehouse sprawl . White suite technician scurry back and forth amidst hi-tech computing machine and giant illuminate globe . nash this be not possible . half this technology be a good ten year off . parcher we have lab like this all over the nation . we use they to exploit we best mind . William lead the ogling nash through the maze of equipment towards a large glass office . parcher mind like yours . int .-mit rand - parcher' office nash sit across the desk . photo of William with Roosevelt ; with Einstein ; in a Colonel 's uniform with a ally liberation force at the gate of a concentration camp . parcher ( notice he gaze ) dachau . man be capable of as much - atrocity as he have imagination . William look off a beat . eye that have see too much . then ... parcher by tell you what I be about to tell you I be increase you security clearance to top secret . William slide a form with a government watermark across the desk . 35 parcher whether or not you agree to assist in this operation , disclosure of secure information can result in imprisonment . get it ? nash what operation ? parcher please sign . John sign the form , slide it back . William nod . then he lift a small remote control , point it at a blank tv screen in the wali . nash ( off the remote ) that be a good idea . on screen -a placard read eye only be replace by black and white of a giant factory , US soldier scattered in every frame . parcher ( over ) this factory be in Berlin . we seize it at the end of the war . on screen - closer shot of large , complex production equipment . parcher Nazi engineer be attempt to build a portable atomic bomb . nase what ? William look up at John a beat , then back to the screen which now show a device no larger than a television . parcher the Soviets reach this facility before we do . the technology evade we capture . we lose the damn thing . nash you be tell I the Russians have a handy atomic bomb ? parcher yes . William just stare at he , let this sink in . simple as that . nash the rout order at the Pentagon . they be for this ... parcher a splinter group of the Soviet Army call itself New freedom intend to detonate the bomb on U.S. soil . nash where ? when ? parcher all we know be that they target be not military . they hope to incur maximal civilian casualty in order to initiate a nuclear conflict . nash why ? parcher because they can win . nash ... what 's the payload ? parcher two kiloton . the ground burst wili kill 30,000 . another 100,000 will die from radiation spill . nash God help we . parcher take a number . Intel suggest New freedom 's sleeper agent here - nash in the u.s.? parcher mccarthy be a idiot . unfortunately , that do not make he wrong . 36 37 parcher New freedom be communicate to its agent through code embed in i periodicals and newspaper . that 's : where you come in . we need you unique ability . nash stare at he . nash tell I what you want I to do . int .- parcher 's warehouse -moment later nash and William stand over a monitor manned by a technician . parceer commit this list of periodicals to memory . John look at the list . nod . parcher scan each new issue . look for any possible hide code . dissolve to : int .- parcher 's warehouse -moment later William stand with John at another work -station . a technician have lower what appear to be large x- ray machine over he arm . technician this may be uncomfortable . the machine make contact with John 's arm and hiss . nash - what the - ? the technician lift the machine , shine a black light over John 's wrist . in a fresh well above he wrist we see a series of number . parcher he implant a radium diode under you skin . it 's safe . this number will change over time . they be access code to you drop spot . here be its location ... dissolve to : 38 ext .- parcher 's warehouse -sunset John emerge from the door , blink into the die light . parcher ( over ) you can tell mo one of you work . just proceed with normal life . avoid new people . and assume at all time you be be watch . nash ( over ) so what be I now ? a spy ? pull back and up over John stand in the courtyard . alone . int .-mit rand headquarters - nash' office a life magazine-close . a pen enter frame circle certain occurrence of certain word , then cross they out . wider . nash sit behind he desk , pen in hand . ( over ) a knock . nash come . nash look up to see a figure stand in he doorway . alicia , a soldier - escort behind she . alicia Boy , you must really be important . nash stare a beat . then he shake he head . nash it 's all right , Mike . the soldier tip he hat to alicia and be go . nash . how do you get in here ? alicia throw she hair and giggle , the very picture of a sex kitten . then she bring the intelligence back into she eye . alicia testosterone be a girl 's best friend . nash grunt , return to work as alicia step into the room . alicia what be you work on ? a co 39 nash classify . alicia come on . tell . nash ask I again , I get to shoot you . nash look up , despite the kid in he eye , he look tired . alicia everybody wait half a hour . nash simply stare at she . alicia class . you miss class today . nash oh . he resume work . alicia slide a single page atop he magazine . alicia the equation you leave on the board . I solve it . nash barely glance at she paper as he hand it back . nash no . you do not . alicia you do not even look . nash there 's a error in the second to last sub-valuation . alicia stare at he . then look back at she equation . frown . alicia beam . nash ( without look up ) you second proof be elegant though . nash continue to work . she do not move . nash you be still here . ol 40 alicia I be still here . nash why ? alicia I be wonder , Professor nash , if I could ask you to dinner . nash look up at she . stun . alicia you do eat , do not you ? nash on occasion . he size she up . a long beat , then ... nash leave you address with my office . I will pick you up Friday at eight . ... we will eat . nash go back to work . alicia I be dismiss now ? nash you be dismiss now . alicia smile a wry smile , start for the door . nash call after ... nash one more thing . alicia turn back to he , sunlight through the window strike she face so perfectly it steal you breath . nash what 's you name ? ext .-boston -governor 's mansion - niget hundred of tiny white light illuminate the giant stone mansion , glitter in the darkness like a Christmas ornament . limo pull through the circular drive , disgorge passenger . nash ( over ) Governor , may I present ... oe — 41 int .-governor's mansion - night a resplendent black tie party . nash stand just inside the doorway . nash miss alicia larde . wider . stand beside nash in a stun black dress before the politician be alicia . she smile , warmly bemuse . ' int .-governor 's mansion -moment later alicia and nash inspect a Rothko on the wall . alicia be rivetted . alicia I think God must be a painter . why else would we have so many color ? nash nod . but he 's not listen , look instead at two non - descript men at the bar . they notice he gaze , look away . nash ( distract ) so , you be a painter ? alicia that 's not actually what I say . she raise she hand . faint paint-stain color she skin . alicia but , yes . the two Men at the bar be watch nash again . this time , when they catch he eye , they move off . alicia I be also a burlesque dancer ... nash nod , follow the Men with he eye . alicia I start stripping for the infantry in France , then move up to fly boy . they call I cha - cha physics . nash um-hmm . he 's still stare across the room . that 's when she kick he , hard , in the shin . he start . that get he attention . 42 alicia here . me. practice human contact . he stare at she a beat . then he nod . she smile again , warm . alicia Champagne would be lovely . i’1l be outside . ext.- governor 's mansion -later alicia stand on a terrace talk to a handsome young man . young man and what bring you to Boston ? alicia theoretical physics . the fellow laugh . wait for she to join in . a beat , then ... young man you be kid , right ? alicia have you meet my husband ? he 's just out of prison . wider . stand behind the man be nash , two bead flute of champagne in he hand . young man what ? oh. Excuse I . the fellow head off . John hand she a glass , come to stand next to she . they stare out across beacon Hill at the glitter city . alicia nothing like a little gab about - relativity to throw the pick - up process into high gear . nash nod , glance inside the door . the same two Men . alicia why do not you just talk to they ? nash who ? alicia the two man who keep stare at you ? 43 nash look startle . alicia begin back towards the door . alicia I use to stare before I meet you too . you be famous , remember ? nash alicia , wait - alicia open the balcony door , face to face now with the men. alicia hi , there . the Men stare at she , startle . then emerge onto the balcony . man 1 sorry to ogle , Dr. nash . win mcgee , first Bank of Boston . man 2 yes. apclogy . just wender , any thought on technology stock ? hold on nash . not convinced . int . - governor ‘s mansion - garden night - walking nash and alicia walk the garden . they cross into a dark field surround by elm , sky overhead a glitter canopy of star . alicia oh. ( spellbound ) when I be a girl , I use to try and count they . nash pick a shape . . alicia what ? nash a animal , anything . alicia okay . an...umbrella . nash -pov . as he hold the night in he gaze . the sky grow dark except for a series of star . they do in fact form a umbrella . 44 nash look . nash step behind she , take she hand in he and guide she eye , point out the pattern in the star , alicia laugh with surprise . '' alicia do it again . do a octopus . ext.-governor 's mansion - night -wide angle -second later nash stand with alicia under a sky that be totally black save several glitter constellation . a umbrella . a octopus . a rise . a donkey . a ballerina . two tiny figure in a universe all they own . ext . - cambridge -brownstone - sunset a car pull curbside . Fox emerge . int . - brownstone - sunset Fox knock on a apartment door . nothing . fox nash ? nash ? the door be ajar . Fox push into ... int .-brownstone - nash 's apartment-day small and sparse . no sign of nash . ( over ) sound from ... int .- nash 's apartment-sun porch window face bright rooftop beyond . nash stand over a sea of magazine , spread out on the floor around he . - fox and I be sure you be house train . nash look up , startle . nash do you always just walk into people 's apartment ? fox I be not go to be the weird one in this interaction . 45 nash I be work . fox and which of we project involve paper you apartment with life ? nash it 's classified , Fox . fox I be serious . you miss the irrigation conference today . Zweif and I do the best we could . but the brass be there to see you . nash I be close to something here . fox to what ? ( a beat ) you skip work . you miss briefing . I and Zweif , we be worried about you . nash be now taping magazine page to the wall . Fox lift a file of article off a cabinet . all on Hiroshima . fox we be not do anything on the Hiroshima bomb ... nash retrieve the file without speak , deposit it out of Fox 's reach on he desk . fox that be polite . nash - do you know the initial blast be so bright it leave only shadow ? nash look at Fox for the first time . his eye be not just tired . they be haunt . nash the flash sear they on park bench , on schoolyard , on sidewalk . they be still there . Fox start to speak . but nash just raise he hand . 46 nash I all be back at work tomorrow . Fox stare as nash go to he desk and resume work . apparently nash do not have anything else to say . finally Fox leave . hold on nash as ( over ) the door shut . dissolve to : int .- nash 's apartment-sun porch -night nash be stand over he sea of tear page . all around he shifting pattern rise and fall with ever increase speed . suddeniy , the rapid cascade of pattern freeze , all the dark shape fall away , leave a single pattern hover in mid air . nash gather up several page and the map , put they in a gray rand envelope . he take a stick of sealing wax , light the wick ... ext .-cambridge street-night ( over ) cricket . nash be walk , alone , past large house set apart on larger lot , he seal , grey rand envelope in he hand . he stop before a giant wringht iron gate , behind which sit a resplendent white colonial mansion , light burn in every room . on the gate , a small keypad be illuminate by the purple glow of a tiny buib . nash stare at the keypad , reach forward . nash' wrist-close . in the purple light , a new set of number appear beneath the surface of he skin . he rub he wrist in wonder . then enter the number into the keypad . the lock click open . nash push the gate wide . ext .-cambridge estate -night Beyond the gate be a free stand mailbox . freshly paint wringht iron , dig into the firmament , secure with a heavy padlock . nash slide the gray envelope into the mail slot . ( over ) a sudden rustling from behind he . nash spin . the bush across the road move . just the wind ? ext .-cambridge street-night nash have slip back out through the gate , be pull it locked behind he . ( over ) more rustling , this time to he leave . 47 nash hello ? nothing . nash turn , start move , first a jog , then a run towards . he car park at the end of the street . int .- nash 's car -cambridge street-night nash climb in , slam and lock the door . leans he head against the steering wheel . catch he breath . freak . ext .- walden pond -day -high angle High above the forest rimmed iris of blue that be the heart of thoreau 's imagination . camera tilt down ... nash ( over ) on you mark ... get set ... down past Cardinals swoop from tree to tree towards the edge of the pond where two small figure bob . nash ( over ) go ! ext .- walden pond - watern surface-moving camera rush over the water 's surface towards two figure swim the breast stroke , come head on in a dead heat across the pond . nash be in the lead , alicia maybe three stroke behind he . both be swim fast . but the race be John 's . he pull himself up onto the shore . a few second later alicia hoist herself onto land beside he . both be beautiful , fit and trim . they breathlessness be as much a function of they glisten proximity as they exercise . - alicia you be suppose to let I win . nash just smile at she . alicia I love this spot . sometimes , I come here to paint . another smile from nash . the silence stretch on . alicia you do not talk much , you know that ? John stare John stare nash I have be tell I talk teo much . alicia no . I mean about , you know , what 's really go on ? nash it 's classified .... alicia I be not talk about work , John . off a beat . then he look back at she . at nash number add up . human interaction be unpredictable . alicia you be not good with people . do not you think I know that ? nash what I be not good at be polish my interaction to make they sociable . I have a tendency to expedite information flow by be direct . often I do not get a good result . alicia try I . she a beat . then ... nash all right . I find you attractive . you aggressive move towards I indicate you feel the same . still ritual require we continue a number of platonic activity before we can have intercourse . I be proceeding with this activity , although , to some extent , all I really want be to have sex as soon as possible . alicia stare at he a beat . nash be you go to slap I now ? she lean in and kiss he on the mouth . 48 49 alicia how be that result ? ext .- nash ’'s apartment -living room -night Dark . the door swing open , flooding the room with yellow hall light . alicia stand wear John 's shirt over she bathing suit . nase wait here a second . John move through the live room , grab from every surface magazine and newspaper cover with scrawl . he hurry into ... int .- nash' apartment-sun porch-night John throw he work into a filing cabinet , begin gather up parer here too . he glance out the window . a black sedan sit park across the street . Inside two man sit . a beat . John draw the shade . a kand grab he shoulder . John spin . alicia stand behind he . she 's taxen off she shirt , now wear only she bathing suit . alicia Cleaning up you dirty magazine ? nash I tell you to wait . and she begin pull off the top of she bathing suit , stripping it down to she waist . . alicia I could not . and he go to she . int .- nash 's apartment nash and alicia make love on the desk under the siatt light spilling in from the street . pan down ... on the floor be several of John 's newspaper , mark up with he code- break scrawl . fall to the floor . forgotten . ext .- beacon hill -day nash stand atop the hill , look out at the city beyond . & 50 suddenly downtown Boston erupt with a low nuclear cloud . next come the white light , then the blast wave , leveling building , whipping toward nash in a colossal wave of ruin . int .- nash' apartment-bedroom-night nash bolt up in he bed , sweat and breathless from the nightmare . he look down at alicia , asleep peacefully beside he . ext .-mit commons-day nash sit under a tree , mark up another magazine . a little girl ( marcee , 9 ) walk up to he . marcee what ya doin ? nash look up at she . nash I be attempt to isolate pattern recurrence across periodicals across time . and you ? marcee chasin 's pigeon . you talk funny , Mr. nash . nash ( frown ) do I know you ? marce my uncle say you be very smart but not very nice so I should not pay you no mind if you be mean to I . nash and who might that uncle be ? voice ( over ) the prodigal roommate return . nash look up and stand over he be Charles . nash grin . ext .-mit campus - walking nash and Charles stroll together . marcee run a few yard ahead , chase pigeon , eye wide with a child 's fascination . '' the two walk marcee run at 51 charle my sister get herself kill in a car crash . husband be too drunk to know he be too drunk to drive . I take marcee in . nash she 's so small . charle she 's young . that 's how they come . the pigeon . to she dismay , they do not react . charle I '' do the great . author workshop at Harvard . d.h. lawrence . nash very fitting . very fancy . charle well , I have be read about you . how be you , John ? nash at first it be all bureaucratic . nothing I do matter . then something come up . ... I can not talk about it . charle top secret , Black bag , Black ops ? nash something like that . and .... charle yes. nash I have meet a girl . charle you bury the lead . nash she 's beautiful and brilliant ... in silence . then ... co nash should I marry she ? charle Hell , you bury the whole story . / nash I mean , it all seem to add up . but how do you know for sure ? charle nothing 's ever for sure . that 's the only sure thing I know . that 's when marcee run up , she expression grave . marcee I can not make the pigeon fly . nash put you arm up and roar like a monster . marcee be you be mean and I should not pay you no mind ? a beat . then nash smile . ext .-mit commons-day two man and a little girl , arm high , roaring like monster , through the pigeon , the bird soar away , take flight . ext .-apartment roof nash and alicia drink beer , watch the last of the sunset . nash Charles use to say , if you want - divine inspiration , give God a unobstructed view . alicia and what quandary require the help of the all mighty herself ? nash io be try to determine if we relationship warrant commitment . alicia laugh , look away . 52 race he just stare 53 alicia give I a moment to redefine my girlish notion of romance . ( smile ) okay . so , how go the task ? nash I require a proof . some kind of verifiable empirical data . alicia you say the sweetest thing . at she blankly . she smile . alicia how big be the universe ? nash infinite . alicia how do you know ? nash I know because all the data indicate that it 's infinite . alicia but have you see it ? nash no . alicia then how do you know for sure ? nash I just believe it . alicia it 's the same with love , I imagine . nash stare out at the sunset . alicia the part you do not know . be if I want to marry you . hold on nash . that really have not occur : to he . he blanch . 54 nash alicia ... alicia oh no . do not even think it . you be look at a really big ring ... ext .- walden pond -spring shapely , Fox and a few of alicia 's friend hurl rice . John and alicia pose as folk snap picture . John notice a figure stand at the edge of the tree . William . a flash catch John 's attention . when he turn back to the wood , William be go . : ext .-cambridge street-night nash' wrist-close . in the glow of the purple light , a new set of number shine through the skin . wider . nash punch in the code , push open the gate , a new seal crey rand envelope in he hand . he drop the envelope into the slot . lf ( over ) a screeching of tire . car headliget turn onto the street . nash stand freeze , the car bear down on he . suddenly the car screech to a halt . a figure be shout from the driver 's seat . parcher in ! fast ! int .-car-cambridge STREET -night William gun the engine before nash 's door be even close . nash what the hell - parcher be they follow ? nash who ? ( look over he shoulder ) shit ! out the back windscreen . another set of headlight screech around the corner , in close pursuit . 55 parcher the drop have be compromise . ( over ) a sharp crack . the back window shatter . parcher ( shouting ) down . John duck . William cut around the corner , slamming John , hard , into the car door . parcher take this . William , still steering with one hand , toss something onto the seat . a revolver . nash just stare at he blankly . parcher return fire . nash I do not know how - parcher out the window ! shoot , goddamnit . ext .- boston streets-night the pursuit car be gain . a shadowy figure lean out of the passenger side window , gun in hand . he fire . int .- parcher 's car - boston streets-moving ( over ) another crack . a bullet lodge in the windshield between nash and William , spider - webbing the glass . parcher shoot the fuck gun . nash just stare at the weapon . William grab the revolver , try steering with one hand and shoot out the window with the other . ext .- boston street -shore of the charle - night William 's car turn onto the riverfront , the chase car in close pursuit . William and the shadowy gunman exchange FIRE as the two car race along the moonlit edge of the Charles . 56 int .- parcher 's car -moving parcher hang on . I be go to try and get a better shot . * nash ( frantic ) can not we just get away ? William spin the wheel , hit the brake , wheel screeching ... ext .- boston street -shore of the charle - night William 's car spin broadside . the pursuit car be bear down on they . William aim out the window and fire , shot after shot . the pursuit car keep come . William let 's off a final volley , the pursuit car now virtually on top of they . at the last instant , the villain 's windshield shatter , the pursuit car skid off the road and fly , hard , into the water . int .- parcher' car -moving close on John 's eye . Wide with disbelieZ . ext .- shore of the charle - night William and nash emerge from they car , watch as the last sign ef the sedan be swallow by the black water . nash you just - parcher ( adrenalize ) do not think about it . it never happen . do you understand I ? nash nod dumbly . parcher we have a leak . they know we operative be at rand . they just do not know who . John manage to nod again . parcher keep work . we will contact you . 57 ( over ) a distant siren . William hand he the gun . parcher keep it . you may need it . John look down at the gun in he hand . a beat . then he toss it away onto the seat of William 's car . ext .-shore of the charle - night John watch as William 's car pull away . then he turn and stare into the dark water . terrify and alone . int .- nash 's apartment-late nash enter . the apartment have change . a woman 's touch . alicia be sit on the couch , wrap in a blanket . alicia baby , I be worried . she rise , the blanket fall away to reveal a belly three month pregnant . she rush to she husband , wrapping she arm around he . but he stand there , still , like a ghost . alicia Fox say you leave the office hour ago . when you do not call ... opull back ) gohn ...? he just shake he head . kiss she on the cheek distantly . then he go into the study and close the door . alicia try the knob . lock . alicia baby , what be it ? no answer . she bow she forehead against the door . alicia John , please answer I . John ? but from beyond the shut portal , only silence . int .- nash 's SUN porch - night alicia 's painting rest on easel . nash sit at he desk . a beat . then he bury he head in he hand and begin to cry . 58 int . - mit-classroom-day John stand at the window , stare out at the parking row . a black sedan pull up . two suspicious man in trench coat and hat emerge . nash-close . really nervous . then two woman emerge from the car , follow by they kid . not hit man , just two family . wider John turn to face a classroom full of student , all stare at he with confusion . his eye be hollow as he move to he desk . nash ( off booklet on he desk ) here be the final exam I will be give in ten week . class participation be neither expect nor desire . have a nice day . nash walk out , leave the group of stunne student behind . int .-mit hallway -afternoon nash be walk down a corridor . ( over ) footstep behind he . he turn over he shoulder . no one . resume walk . again footstep . he pick up he pace . so do the footstep . nash break into a run , down the corridor , ducking just inside a alcove , back press against the wall , breathless . the footstep grow louder , close until ... alicia and Zweifel turn the corner , stop and stare at nash . alicia what be you do ? do not you hear I call you ? John rub he eye , shake he head . he do not . alicia I want to surprise you for lunch . Zweif say you would be here . John ...? nash I be just tired be all . thanks , zZweif . nash lead alicia off . he do not notice the look she throw over she shoulder at Zweifel who just stand there , watch they go . 59 ext .-mit - parcher 's warehouse -afternoon nash approach the warehouse which house William 's lab . the same armed soldier stand at the door . nash I need to see William . guard he 's not on site today , sir . nash when will he be back ? guard I be sorry , Professor . a beat . nash head off . int .-mit rand headquarters - hallway-dusk the set sun draw long shadow out the window . nash pulis he office door close . he turn , practically collide with William . nash ( jump back ) Christ . parcher you be look for I . nash take a second to gather himself . nash I can not keep do this . I be get paranoid . any time a car backfire - parcher I understand . better than you can - possibly imagine . William look away . his eye be terribly sad . parcher great deed come at great cost . you word , John . William put he hand on nash 's shoulder . 60 parcher we be close in on the bomb , in large part due to you work . be not you fear a small price to pay ? nash you have to guarantee you can protect I . protect my family . William 's tone be steely when he speak . parcher I tell you attachment be dangerous . you choose to marry the girl . I do nothing to prevent it . do not make I regret that . nash what do you mean , prevent it ? William 's answer be only silence . parcher the best way to insure everyone 's safety be to continue you work . nash that 's bullshit . I will just quit- parcher no . you will not . nash why the hell not - parcher because I keep the New freedom from become aware that you work for we . finally , John realize William 's eye be dead . parcher if you quit work for I , I quit work for you . in the die light , William turn , head for the front door . nash ( shouting ) parcher ! parcher ! Fox emerge from he door , stare at nash , obviously concerned . ae 61 / fox you okay ? who be you shouting at ? but nash do not answer , just stare after William as the door kiss close behind he . int .- nash 's apartment-sun porch -late night nash sit , he back to we , in the dark , stare into space . alicia ( over ) dohn . she flick on the light , stand now in the doorway , a three month eid infant swaddle in she arm . nash ( spin ) turn it off . we see he face now , unshaven , cheek hollow , eye wide . nash ( shouting ) turn off the light . he be up fast , slamming he hand on the wall , extinguish the light . his fast move have scared the baby who have begin to wail . nash move to the window , knock over alicia 's easel and half finish painting . he hurl the canvas out the door . nash I want this stuff out of here . John raise the draw blind a bit and peek out . qut the window . a black sedan . a identical car pull up beside it . a shadow inside the first car point towards John 's apartment . a beat . John let the shade fall again . he turn now to face he wife and wailing child . nash _ they be out there . alicia who 's out there ? John just stare at she . when he voice come , it 's soft . q 62 nash go to you sister 's . alicz John , what 's go , on ? please , you have get to talk to I - nash ( explode ) go. now. get out ! John rise and slam the door . he sit back at he desk , peer again out the window , then hug himself , rock slightly . int .- nash' apartment-hallway-continuous alicia rock she baby in she arm , she ruin canvas at she foot . she pause over the phone . a beat . then she lift the receiver . ext .-harvard university -day nash climb the step of the Mathematics building . his suit lcok sleep in , he hair a wild garden . he keep look behind he . nash pause by a sign that read : guest lecturer -cohn nash . a beat . he check over he shoulder again , then head inside . int .-harvard university-mathematics build -day jchn be walk skittishly through the lobby when a small , familiar figure run up to greet he . marcee . marcee mean uncle John , mean uncle John . she raise she hand high over she head , bare she tooth and loose a savage growl . marcee see , I remember . nash you sure do . he lift she up in he arm and hug she , tight , eye close against the smell of she small girl 's hair . set she down . charle someone really need a hug. ( clasp John 's hand ) saw you on the slate . could not miss hearing the inimitable John nash . 63 nash 's smile be weak . charle what be it ? what 's wrong ? nash I be into something . ... I need help . charle ( darken ) what ? teli I ... John look like he 's about to speak . then ... voice ( over ) Professor nash ... a graduate student stand at the open door to the lecture hall . beckone John . apparently he lecture be about to begin . nase we will talk after . okay ? before Charles can stop he , nash head inside . int .-harvard-lecture hall John stand on stage , a blackboard scrawle with number behind he . he be speak , stare out into the audience . nash ... and so we see that conventional number theory break down in the face of relativistic exploration ... nash 's voice trail off . a couple of men have entered at the top of a stairway , wear overcoat and hat . nash sometimes , we expectation be betrayed by the number ... nash 's voice trail off again . another man have emerge at the top of the other stairway , also in overcoat and top hat . nash Excuse I . nash be stare at the young Graduate Student in the front row . nash be there another way out of here ? 64 folk look puzzle . the Student , confuse , point to a side door . nash I be sorry . nash turn and rush off stage , out the side door . the audience stare in befuddle wonder . ext .-harvard mathematics build -day nash emerge from a side door , move fast towards the street . a figure block he way . it 's the lone man from one of the stairway . man Professor nash . nash stop cold in he track . spin . the other two Men be stand right behind he . nowhere to run . man let 's avoid a scene , shall we ? nash what do you want ? a rast '' my mame be Dr. rosen . I be a psychiatrist . nash right . rosen I would like you to come with I , John . just for a chat . nash and if I say no ? - rosen I have a court order sign by a judge . I hope we can proceed without any unpleasantness . John offer a charming smile . nash well I suppose I do not have much choice . : he begin towards the man , then haul off and deck he , hard , ne across the face . bolt towards the street . a 65 the two Men be on he in a second , grab he , restrain he . nash get away from I . do not you think I know who you be ? rosen approach , pull a hypo from a case in he coat . nash ( shouting ) help ! somebody , please . folk be watch . at the top of the step , Charles and marcee have emerge . John spot they . nash Charles . help . they be Russian spy . that 's when rosen sink the needle into he arm . rosen ( gentle ) there now . all better . nash 's struggle begin to slow as the medication take effect . rosen ( to the crowd ) everything 's all right here . the two Men stuff John into the back of the car as rosen climb in next to the driver . int . - sedan-moving nash stare out the window at Charles come fast down the step , marcee behind he . nash raise he hand towards he friend , find only window glass between they as the car pull away , leave the university behind . CUT to : nash -pov . darkness . then light through the blink of slowly open eye reveal rosen 's peer face . rosen John ... 66 int . - office nash lay on a couch , rosen sit over he . leather chair , a oak desk , degree on the wall . picture perfect . rosen John , can you hear I ? nash blink . take in rosen . tries to sit up . no luck . he look down . his hand be bound . rosen go easy . the thorazine take a little while to wear off . ( off John 's hand ) I be sorry about the restraint . but ... ( rub he chin ) you have a hell of a right hook . nash where be I ? rosen mclean psychiatric Hospital . nash you can cut the shrink act , okay ? rosen who do you think I be , John ? nash I know who you be . you work for a group call the New freedom . rosen I see . nash - I do not know anything else , okay ? I be just a code breaker . that 's all . ( a beat ) what be you go to do with I ? be you go to kill I ? rosen no . I be go to try and help you . John nod , then he shove rosen onto the floor . jump up , try for the door . but he go down , hard . his ankle have restraint around they too . 67 John look up from the floor . what he see chill he bone . sitting on a window seat in the corner be two figure . Charles and marcee , stare at he expressionlessly . nash Charles ? but he old friend say nothing , just sit there impassively . nash say something . why will not you answer I ? ... what be you do ? rosen have stand , go to the desk and press a buzzer . the door swing open and two burly orderly enter . nash oh , Charles , not you . you can not be one of they . not you . but Charles and marcee show no expression , just sit , watch on . nash ( small ) marcee ? the orderly pull John stand . rage rise in he like a tide . nash answer I , Charles . say something . rosen have move in front of nash . stare at he a beat . rosen who be you talk to ? tell I who you see . nash ( flaring ) - you know damn well . it 's Charles . rosen where ? nash ( virtually hysterical ) he 's right there . with marcee . he 's sit right there . rosen stare at he a beat . 68 rosen there 's no one there , John . rosen nod and the orderly begin drag he out . nash what be you talk about ? they be right there . they be right there . John be grow hysterical . nash what be you do ? say something , damn it Charles please just say something . the orderly drag nash into the hallway , Charles and marcee stare after he like the dead , unmove , perfectly still . ext .-mclean hospital -day Lovely steeple brick building situate on resplendent brown lawn . folk wonder like ghost . a sprawling palace of the mad . int .-mclean hospital -day John nash sit on a cot in a cell , rock , mumble . pull back ... int.-mclean hospital-hallway alicia stand watch John through the window of he cell . she turn now , eye red , to face rosen . : alicia what 's wrong with he ? rosen John have a disease call schizophrenia . alicia can not even ask what he mean , only shake she head . rosen he 's lose he ability to tell the difference between what be real and what be imagine . alicia the man ? the one he think be follow he ? rosen schizophrenics be often paranoid . they see conspiracy everywhere . alicia but John 's work ... I think he deal with conspiracy . rosen see conspiracy , find hide code , this be the hallmark of schizophrenia . but in John 's world , this behavior be accept , even encourage . as such , he illness may have go untreated far longer than be typical . alicia what do you mean ? how long ? rosen take a minute before he speak . then ... rosen possibly since graduate school . at least that 's when he hallucination seem to have begin . alicia what be you talk about ? what hallucination ? rosen two , so far , that I be sure of . a imaginary roommate name Charles herman . also a girl name marcee . alicia look at rosen like he 's the crazy one . alicia marcee be Charles 's niece . Charles be not imaginary . he and John have be best friend since Princeton . rosen have you ever meet Charles ? rosen have he ever come to dinner ? 69 rosen hold she gaze , watch she glimpse then discard the panic . alicia he 's always in town for so little time . lecture . rosen be he at you wedding ? alicia he have to teach . rosen have you ever see a picture of he ? have you ever speak with he on the phone ? alicia ...- this be ridiculous . but she word carry more conviction than she eye . rosen I contact Princeton . accord to housing record John live in a single . there be no Charles herman in attendance when John be there . ext .-mclean hospital -garden - night - walking 70 rosen and alicia walk the tree line path . over the horizon hang a low harvest moon , plump and yellow . rosen Charles and marcee be fantasy . but to John they appear as real as you or I . alicia Doctor , there 's probably just a record error at Princeton . rosen I be with John when he see they . there be no one there . she hug she coat tighter . rosen I believe John 's world be lace with delusion . like dream walk through he waking life . alicia this be absurd . rosen which be more likely , that you husband , a mathematician with no military training , be a government spy flee renegade Russians ... alicia you be make he sound crazy - rosen ... or that he have lose he grip on reality ? 71 alicia start to speak . then purse she lip , not sure what to say . rosen the only way I can help John be to snow he the difference between what be real and what be in he mind . alicia what John do be classified . rosen he mention a supervisor at rand . William parcher . maybe he can clarify thing for we . but I can not get to he without clearance . alicia stop , eye narrowing . alicia you want I to help you get the detail of my husband 's work ? rosen 's sudden smile seem force . . rosen John think I be a russian spy . be that what you think ? alicia be silent . hold rosen 's eye . rosen you call I , alicia . you know something be wrong . 72 alicia he be not sleep . I want someone to talk with he . Zweifel recommend - rosen so you Mr. Zweifel , be he part of this conspiracy as well ? alicia stare at he a beat . unsure . then ... alicia this be all a mistake . he 's just over - tired . I will take he home now . rosen alicia , no one want someone they love to be sick . alicia what I want be my husband release . she 's grow agitate . rosen 's smile be full of compassion . rosen John 's be give something to sleep . come back in the morning . nine am -. alicia I be not leave he here . rosen he attack I . I have commit he alicia . it 's not up to you anymore . she stare at he , fight back the fear . rosen after you have have a good night 's rest , if we still can not agree on what 's best for John I ’l1ll release he into you custody . alicia stare at he . nowhere to go . finally ... alicia nine . and I want he ready to leave . and with that she walk off . hold on rosen as he watch she go . 73 int .-mclean hospital - nash 's cell-night John stand at the window , stare through the mesh as alicia 's tiny form separate from rosen 's , walk off under the yellow moon . ext .- nash apartment-night Dark . a light burn in the bedroom window . int .- nash bedroom -night alicia sit in bed , rock she swaddle infant in she arm . spre ei en the comforter before she be several strewn envelope . eac address to Charles herman . each stamp return to sender . a be alicia reach for the phone , begin to dial a number , wearily , as if for the hundredth time . camera drift across the bed to a open address book and find Charles herman 's name and number . ( cver ) the ring signal be replace by a record voice . operator ( over ) the number you have dial be a non - work number . please try again . hold a alicia 's face . eye hollow , like a ghost 's . int .-mclean -rosen 's office-morning a clock-close . read 9:00 . pull back to reveal rosen sit behind he desk , look at the door . no alicia . ext .-mit rand compound -morning -long shot alicia stand at the Guard Booth . Fox run up , late , to greet she , take she hand in he as the Guard raise the barricade . ext .-rand -main headquarters - morning alicia stand with Fox and Zweifel . both man seem uncomfortable . 2weifel what do the Doctor say ? alicia just shake she head . fox oh , man . 74 alicia I need to know what John 's be work on . zweifel alicia , you know we can not talk - what she do now be extraordinary . she slap he across the face . zweifel ( stunne ) it 's classified - and she slap he again . harder . zweifel alicia - . and a third swing . but this one he catch by the wrist . look at fox. back to alicia . fox you better come inside . int .-mit rand - nash 's office Fox push open the door . the wall , ceiling and window be cover with scrawle magazine and newspaper clipping . the work be , without question , bizarre , perhaps even mad . alicia oh my God . int .-mit rand - nash 's office -minute later alicia sit with Fox and Zweifel . she be try to hang on , she eye fierce , determine . alicia . why do not you say something ? I mean , all this ... she gesture to the magazine paper ceiling . zweifel alicia , John 's always be , well , you know , weird . fox I mean he use to ride he bicycle in figure eight for day straight . 75 zweifel but he 's a genius and in we business , geniuse get way with it . fox especially here . zweifel he say he be do code break . that it be eye only . top secret . part of the military effort . alicia be he ? Fox open he hand before he . fox it 's possible . directive come down all the time that some of we be not clear for . it be possible . zweifel but not likely . lately he seem more and more agitate . then , when you call ... alicia so this be all he 's be do every day ? cut up magazine . Fox and Zweifel exchange a look . fox not exactly all . ext .-mit rand compound - walking -day nash , alicia and Fox be walk the row of abandon warehouse . - fox he keep come down here . zweifel we figure he be think . fox he use to do that a lot at school . just think . 76 zweifel he would go inside . you have hear he sort of ... talk to himself . pull back to reveal ... the threé of they face the warehouse that house William 's secret lab . no fresh coat of paint . no new window . no guard at the gate . alicia climb the step , push open the door . int . - warehouse -day '' no secret lab . no personnel . just sunlight painting the column of dust through the window . no one have be here in a very long time . pull back as alicia stand alone in the giant , empty space . alicia ( turn ) I need John 's supervisor . I need to talk to William parcher . fox-close . his frown be inscrutable . ext . - mclean -garden - morning -walking crisp . sunny . John and rosen walk , John 's hand bound before he . a burly orderly pace they , a few foot behind . patient mill . rosen you seem calmer this morning , John . nash well it seem obvious by now that you be not go to kill I . you can imagine that 's a load off my mind . rosen can not help but smile . rosen ° you still think I be a Russian spy ? nash you still want to pretend you be not ? rosen you be a rational man . let I appeal to you rationality . why do you think I do not see Charles and marcee in my office ? 77 nash I think you do see they . I think this be all some kind of attempt to brainwash I . , rosen and why would I want to do that ? nash to break I . to find out what I know . rosen nod . he do not seem surprised . rosen so Charles and marcee , they be part of this conspiracy too ? nash you must have recruit he . maybe you threaten marcee . rosen and you wife . she phone I . be she part of this as well ? John stumble a beat . then recover . nash my behavior must have seem erratic to she . she 's confuse . rosen be she , John ? or be it possible that you be confuse ? rosen motion across the courtyard . a white haire man stand in a corner , gesture angrily , talking to thin air . - rosen ( over ) for year people have refer to madness as be without reason . but that be not true . that fellow be as reasonable as you or I . the white haire man begin to plead and shout . rosen ( over ) we simply can not see he reason . we can not see the invisible adversary who make he so angry . but he can , as clear as he see you or I . 78 rosen stop , put he hand on John 's arm . rosen look back on the time with Charles and marcee . nash I will not play this game with you . rosen be it possible that , like he , you be really alone ? nash I will not indulge this . rosen John , insulin shock have be know to reduce schizophrenic delusion . John stop , anger flash in he eye . nash the other shoe fall . what do you want to give I ? sodium pentothal ? — rosen just insula - John knock rosen 's hand away with he bound wrist . despite he spike temper , John seem almost relieved . nash spacebo , comrade rosen . I tell you , I do not know anything . I be just a code breaker . ( voice rise ) but if this mean a end to this goddamn charade , then come on . drug I . the orderly have move in . John spin to face the man . nash come on ! but rosen stop the orderly with a gesture . turn to face nash . rosen John , treatment only work if you fi want to get well . I will not give you ' the medication until you ask for it . 79 this turn seem to throw John . his expression darken . nash this be insane . rosen 's expression be sad . rosen yes , John . I be afraid it be . ext .-cambridge street-day alicia be walk up a familiar street . she stop , look up . reverse angle ... ext .-cambridge street-mansion-day the same house we have see before . and terribly different . Broken window . dilapidate side board . Long ago desert . alicia walk to the front gate . the remain of a aging lock pad hang by wire . Broken . she push the gate , creaking , open . ext .-cambridge mansion -day a old mailbox sit ahead . a rusting pad lock hang at its base . alicia look up at the empty house . then she lift a large rock and begin hammering away at the lock , face set with determination . int .-mclean - nash 's cell-day nash sit alone in he cell . spread out before he be document from Princeton . his housing form . a class list . hold on John as he stare at the documentation . a beat . be that a crack in he resolve ? then he wipe the material onto the floor , angry . draw he knee up to he chin and sit , face fix once again with determination . int .-mclean -common room-evening alicia sit alone , uncomfortable . other patient occupy other table . many wear the vacant stare of the damned . alicia 's eye go to a open door . John enter , escort by two orderly . he sit at the long table across from she . the orderly retire to a table not far off . alicia reach across and take he hand , hold they in hers . the pain on she face be palpable . a folk in the room stare . nash sit back , herself . take a breath . alicia John , I be so sorry . nash ( nodd ) at first , I think you be one of they . but I have be think about it . they use you , alicia . of course I must have look mad to you . alicia I be so worried . nash it 's go to be all right . but we have to speak quietly . they may be listen . there may be microphone . alicia bite she lip , try not to react . nase I be go to tell you everything , now . I be break protocol . but you have get to know . you have get to help I get out of here . John rub he wrist . nash damn implant . ( a beat ) I have be do top secret work for the government . there 's a threat of catastrophic proportion . I think the reds must think I be too high profile to simply do away with . so they be try to keep I here . so I can not do my work . alicia be stare at he , fight back the tear . nash go to rand . you have get to get in touch with William parcher . he can - alicia ( too loud ) stop ! just stop ! b80 stunne . alicia gather 81 alicia John , I have be to rand . there be no William parcher . nash . of course there be . I have be work for he . I nve be - alicia what , John ? break code ? drop they in a secret mailbox for the government to pick up . nash how could you ...? alicia Fox follow you one night . he think it be harmless . loyal Fox . rlicia have reach into she bag . lift something onto the table . alicia none of its be real , John . and with that , she deposit on the table a stack of gray rand envelope . all still seal with John 's seal . alicia they have never be open . John tear one open . Inside , he page of code . his mark map . never pick up . never see by anyone . alicia there be no William . there be no conspiracy . it 's all in you mind . you be sick , John . do not you understand , you be sick . alicia begin to cry , the tear come now , stream down she cheek . finally she bow to John 's hand on the table , press she cheek to the back of he palm , body rack with tremble sob . hold on John as he look from he weep wife to he work . he lift a tear magazine page , mark and scrawle . hold on John . on he face , for the first time , fear . int .-mclean -rosen 's office - night rosen sit over he desk . the door open and a nurse enter . 82 nurse Doctor . it 's nash . code red . rosen be up fast . int .-mclean - nash 's cell-night rosen unlocks nash 's cell and enter to find nash , he back to the door , stand in a pool of blood . rosen John ? nash turn , hold he wrist in he hand . blood be spilling through he finger . as rosen gently take John 's hand he notice a brad from under the mattress frame , tear free and bloody on the floor . nash there 's nothing there . the flesh on top of John 's wrist have be gouge away , almost to the bone . the nurse hand rosen a wad of gauze . rosen begin to dress the wound . John be cry . nash there 's no implant . there 's nothing there . int . - mclean -treatment room-day small . a single gurney sit in the middle of the floor . a nurse stand by a silver medical table . the door open . nash shuffles in wear hospital clothes and paper slipper . he sit on the gurney . draw up he leg and arm . int . - mclean-observation room -day rosen and alicia watch through a plexi window . rosen this , right now , be the final nightmare of schizophrenia . the horror of not know what be true , what be real and what be not . leather restraint be pull tight around he wrist and ankle , he forehead . 83 rosen imagine if you suddenly learn that the people , the place , the moment most important to you be not go , not dead , no , worse , have never be . the nurse place a plastic bit in he mouth . lift the hypo . rosen what kind of hell would that be ? alicia touch the divide as the nurse swab John 's arm , lock to rosen for the nod . she put needle to flesh . alicia turn away . int , - treatment room see nash as he body arch into the agony of insulin shock , eye roll up , scream through the bit as we pull back and up ... ext .-mclean-high angle ( over ) nash 's growled scream . we continue up , higher and higher , mclean disappear in the first fall storm of snow until the world be a wash of white ... dissolve to : white cherry blossom -close . pull back to reveal ... ext . - lawn - princeton-spring row and row of cherry tree , blow in the breeze . alicia and Fox walk away from we along the bank of a brook . alicia two a week . for six month . the treatment be ... difficult . reverse angle . alicia seem older . it 's she eye . fox but he 's better ? alicia he 's in remission . Fox 's eye ask the question . os b4 alicia ( recite ) schizophrenia have no cure . but with medication and a low stress environment the patient can hope to approximate a normal life . Fox just nod . they continue on . a lovely white colonial be visible in the distance . alicia the doctor think a change of scenery . somewhere peaceful . after rand terminate he contract - fox zZweifel and I try to - alicia still he with a casual wave of she hand . she have about she the odd self - possession that come with close proximity to madness . she look off , alicia you can not very well have a madman keep government secret , can you ? gaze go well past the visible horizon . alicia you would be surprised how many people do not want crazy in they life . Fox want to speak , he just do not know what to say . alicia John always speak so fondly of Princeton . I think , maybe be here , near familiar surroundings ... fox alicia , how be you ? alicia the delusion have pass . 's I see picture of the Jews from Europe . they have this look in they eye . hard and stunne at the same time . like they be try to find a entire world that 's be steal out from under they . that 's John too , I think . lose . E there be definitely about she a odd feel , both strong and fragile , like giant plate of shifting ice . fox no , alicia . how be you ? for a moment she seem not to be able to even understand the question . then ... alicia you know Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle ? fox ( puzzle ) the property of the object be influence by the observer . alicia ( nodd ) often what I feel be obligation , or guilt over want to leave , or rage , against John , against God . but then I look at he and I force myself to see the man I marry . and he become that man . he 's ae , transformed into someone I love . and then I be transformed into someone who love he . it 's not all the time . but it 's enough . Fox walk on , amaze at this woman . fox John be a lucky man . alicia and so unlucky . ext .- nash house -princeton-day nash sit on the porch swing , stare at a pad of equation , pen in hand . Fox climb the porch step . fox hey , Chief . nash look up . he seem pale , draw , as if part of he have go miss , be replace by shadow . nash finally . a little respect . att ae 86 nash gesture to a empty porch swing . nash have you say hello to harvey ? fox John , I - nash relax . what good 's be nut if you can not have a little fun ? fox Jesus , John . alicia appear and hand John two red pill and a glass of water . she kiss he on the head and leave they again . nash well , I must say it 's nice to know you be real . he swallow the pill , take a long drink . fox Zweifel want to come but ... nash squeamish ? ( off Fox 's shrug ) I suppose I would be too . but ala , I be stick with I . fox ah , I know that feel . nash actuaily smile . fox - have you be to . campus ? milnor 's run the math department . nash God , do not tell he what happen to I . he all have finally win . Fox give a sad smile . fox I have miss you , John . nash seem sincerely puzzle . 87 nash why ? Fox find he answer block by a lump in he throat , look away . nash I have be work on solving the riemann hypothesis ... nash slide he pad over to Fox . nash if I dazzle they , they 's 1l have to reinstate I . but the medication make I blurry . Fox 's smile try to hide the fact that nash 's calculation do not seem to make much sense . he slide back the pad . fox there be other thing beside work . John stare at he . nash what be they ? ntaps he temple ) this be who I be . int .- nash house -kitchen -night alicia be do the dish . John stand stare at the kitchen table . he lift a napkin , toy with it curiously , like a alien come to Earth for the first time . alicia ( turn off the tap ) be everything all right , John ? nase what do people do ? by alicia 's expression , this question be not come for the first time . but she rally herself again for the answer . alicia this . just this . ( smile ) no conspiracy . no earth shatter discovery . just this . 88 nash everything be so meaningless . alicia it 's life , John . activity available . just add meaning . John nod , but by he expression , he surely do not understand . nash what do I do now ? alicia you could take out the garbage . nash ( smile ) World famous mathematician turn schizophrenic take out trash . now that 's something . alicia there you go . onward and upward . he lift the trash bag , walk out the kitchen door . alicia begin put the dish away . ( over ) we hear nash talking . alicia-close . terrify . she spin as John re-enter . alicia who be you talk to ? nash the garbage man . alicia garbage man do not come at night . nash I guess here they do . alicia stare at he . unsure . then a figure pass the window . a garbage man after all , throw the bag into a truck hissing past . alicia John , I be - he take she in he arm . she fold into nis chest . normal life have become a mine field . ah 89 nash it 's all right . everything 's go to be all right . but by he expression , he seem anytn but sure . int . - SUN " porch -day nash sit over he pad . he stare out the picture window . then try to write . stare at the line of equation . gibberish . nash press he pencil into the paper , crush through the lead , Zinally snapping the hilt . int .- nash bedroom -night John lay on he back , alicia curl beside he . spring moonlight pour in through the open window . alicia kiss he neck tentatively , then he face . John lie still as a statue . he tilt he head away , stroke she head platonically . nash I be sorry . the medication ... alicia surrender , slide back down and lay on he chest . hold on she face , sad eye open in the moonlight . int .- nash live room-afternoon John stand . with he scream baby in he arm . he seem entirely unsure how to handle this unwieldy little human . alicia come in from the kitchen . she slam John 's medication and water glass on the table . then she scoops up she child in one hand , retrieve the fall pacifier from the floor with the other . she feed they son the binky , the child 's cry instantly still . alicia exit with the baby . John stand in the middle of the room , sad , helpless . no good at real life . he stare down at he pill . int .- nash kitchen-sunset alicia stand stare into the mirror . she begin fix she hair , find several streak of premature grey . her finger drift down to she cheek , trace the line there . hold on she as she stare at she expression , one suddenly so very old . 90 a beat . then she pull the mirror off the wall , throw it , shatter to the floor . alicia lean back , slide down now against the wall , knee come up to she chin as she begin to cry . ext .- nash house - night John be pour the shard of the mirror off a impromptu cardboard dustpan into the trash can . he turn , head back into ... int . - kitchen-night alicia be set he medication and water on the table . she look worse than she ever have . eye dark and hollow . what a toll , this . nash alicia - . alicia you be not the only one who get to go crazy around here , you know . ( brave ) I be fine . a , she lie and they both know it . alicia I be go to bed . ( off he pill ) eat up . ohn smile . then he nod . she kiss he head , go out the door . ay int .- nash house -sun porch -night Glass enclose . moonlight beam in through the large window , illuminate the dark forest beyond the lawn . John sit at he desk , stare at the pill and water before he . a beat . theri he open a drawer . inside the drawer . maybe five day worth of he pill . not take . John drop the two new tablet inside . close the drawer . nash look at he desk . pile of unopen mail . several math journal . he notice a New York Times . he open the paper . nash -pov . column of article . suddenly the text go black , character rise into the air in a perfectly reveal pattern . ( over ) a rap as something hit the window . hard . gl John peer out into the night . someone , a silhouette , dart across the lawn , John be up , fast , move into the hallway . ext .- nash house -night-continuous nash shove open the screen door , stare out into the night . nash who 's there ? hello ? ( over ) cricket . a figure bolt across the green , little more than a shadow , racing towards the tree line and then go . nash hey ! nash take off in a sprint after the flee specter . ext .- nash house - night the figure disappear into the dark tree line , nash racing fast across the lawn in close pursuit , burst now , into ... ext .- nash eouse -forest-night nash continue run through the tree , slow now , finally come to a stop deep in the dark forest . he look around . moonlight . night bird cry . but no sign of the mysterious figure . ( over ) a rustling . nash spin to he leave , a shadow darting from tree to tree , there , then go into the darkness . nash hello ? ( over ) another rustling . nash spin to he right to glimpse another darting shadow , vanish into the night . nash who 's there ? that 's when John be grab from behind . his arm be pull backwards in restraint as a figure step out of the darkness . hat and trench coat make he little more than a elegant shadow . as he approach , he face become visible in the moonlight ... nash parcher . parcher it 's good to see you , John . 92 William nod and the man behind nash release he . as the stranger step into the moonlight we see he be a U.S. soldier . parcher what 's wrong ? cat get you tongue ? nash ( finally ) you be not real . William wrap he arm around nash . parcher do not be ridiculous . of course I be . let 's take a walk . he begin lead nash deeper into the forest . int .- nash house - night alicia lie in bed , she sleep fitful , move under the cover . a small moan escape she lip , victim to dark dream . ext . - forest-night William and he guard have lead John to a old tool shed on the edge of the property . parcher the bomb be armed and stationary . William have walk to the front door . parcher know you situation require you keep a low profile , Mohammed . we bring the mountain to you . William pull open the door , the night flood with sudden white light . William bow and gesture with he arm , ushere he inside . int .- tool shed - night Bright . Men in lab coat move back and forth in front of high - tech decode equipment . William lead nash to a giant , light map board . parcher we have narrow the location of the bomb to the Eastern seaboard . but we be stump . they code have grow increasingly complex .... for se John stare at he . parcher what ? nash you be hallucination . product of my imagination . Dr. rosen say ... parcher rosen ? that quack ? schizophrenic break from reality , right ? inability to tell what be real from what be imagine ? psychological bullshit . do I look imagine to you ? nash rand have no record of you ... parcher do you think we list we personnel ? John just stare at he . parcher I be sorry you have to go through this . you stay at mclean must have be ... disorient . you wife mean well , I be sure . you action must have look quite bizarre to she . we have no idea she have go ahead and have you institutionalized . but once she do .... you be call attention to yourself . I think it best you stay put until the scrutiny pass . nash but Charles and marcee .... parcher after you lecture , we operative approach Charles . we need someone to keep a eye on you . someone you would trust . he 's turn out to be quite good , actually . if only he do not insist on carting that child around everywhere . 93 William nod and two figure emerge from the shadow . Charles , and behind he , marcee . 94 marcee uncle John , uncle John . she race to he and leap into he arm . he hold she so tight . marcee you be gonna squeeze I ' till I pop . John reluctantly set she down , he expression darken . nash at the hospital . why could not rosen see you ? parcher I can explain everything . but I need you to trust I . hold on John a beat as he stare at William . parcher I have go to great trouble the get you back . now , make I owe you . I can restore you status at rand . I can tell the world what you do ... William walk right up to he , stare into he eye . parcher I need you now , soldier . we all do . John look at Charles . at little marcee . finally ... nash I be so scared you be not real . parcher we can not afford a repeat of last year . you wife can not know . - nash I have to tell she . she think I '' - parcher we would be put she at risk . it 's for she own protection . hers and that brand new boy of yours . William extend he grasp . nash stare a beat . he take he hand . parcher welcome back . 95 int .- nash bedroom -night alicia lie asleep . John stand over she , stare . then he turn . William be stand in the door way . John head towards he . ext .- nash house - night . nash cross the dark lawn , . into the forest . int .- nash house - tool shed - night -mos nash stand amidst the high tech machinery , before a light board cover with map and code , lecture to a team of analyst . int .- nash house -front hall -day nash be carry the baby upstairs as alicia head outside . alicia there 's a storm come . nash I nil draw he bath . her concern flash for only a second . but he register it anyway . nash I be he father , alicia . ( soften ) ie will be okay . alicia 's force smile be full of hope for truth in he word . she head outside . ext .- nash house -day Storm cloud be assemble on the horizon . Dark . the wind be fierce . alicia gather blanket and toy . ( over ) a banging from the wood just beyond the house . alicia look up at the SOUND , puzzle . a beat . then she leave the detritus on the lawn , begin head towards the banging . ext . - forest-day alicia walk through the tree . in just minute the sky have grow darker . the wind have pick up , moaning now . ( over ) the banging have increase in both tempo and volume . she head towards ... '' 96 ext .- tool shed -day the door to the old shed have be leave ajar , banging in the wind . it begin to rain , the sky pelting she with big , heavy drop . alicia approach the shack . she pull the door open . int .- tool shed -continuous alicia -close . face break with horror . pull back to reveal ... the entire shed , wall , floor and ceiling be cover with scrawle newspaper and magazine clipping , the hallmark of John 's madness . ext .-lawn-high angle-storm see alicia , tiny from this height , racing across the lawn towards the house . lighten . ( over ) the dull thud of distant thunder . int .- nash eouse-storm alicia push inside . look in the live room . no sign of John . ( over ) from upstairs the sound of water running . alicia no . int .- nash house -stairway-continuous alicia be racing up the stair . ( over ) the sound of running water have grow louder . another lighten flash . a crack of thunder . int .- nash bedroom-continuous alicia burst into the bedroom in time to see nash struggle to close a window . the baby be nowhere in sight . ( over ) the sound of running water be loud from the bathroom . nash ( back turn ) I have almost get it . Charles , hold . the baby up . make sure he do not slip into the bath ... follow alicia as she rush into the room , past John 's startle expression , and freeze in the open bathroom door . alicia no ! 97 int .- nash bathroom-continuous the baby be in the tub . alone . the water be almost up to he chin , second from drown . alicia move with lightning speed , grab she child up and into she arm . alicia precious baby , precious boy . she clutches he for dear life . spin to face John who 's stand there , eye wide with panic . nash Charles be watch he . he be okay . Charles be watch he . int .-stairway -second later alicia be move down the stair , fast , baby in she arm . nash be chase after she . alicia how long , John ? how long have you be lie to I ? nash you do not understand . it 's for you protection . the work be top secret . alicia do not you get it yet ? there 's no one here . nash they have be injected with a cloaking serum . it 's part of the war against the conspiracy . I see they because of a chemical that enter my bloodstream when my implant dissolve .... John 's voice trail off . alicia have spun around , be stare at he . alicia do not you even hear how you sound ? nash I be not crazy . it 's all real . alicia start move again , John follow she into ... int .-living room-continuous alicia lift the phone . alicia I be call rosen . you need help . that 's when William step into the doorway . parcher you have get to stop she , John . nash what ? alicia ( blood drain ) who be you talk to ? parcher we can not afford to let she slow we down again . nash alicia , please . put the phone down . alicia John , you be scare I . parcher you will go back to the hospital . countless people will die . William take a step into the room . parcher I can not let that happen . 38 alicia have begin dial the phone . hand unsteady , tremble lip find the- number . parcher great deed . William unbutton he jacket , revealing he holster . parcher great cost . alicia ( into the phone ) I need to speak to Dr. rosen - 99 William reach for he weapon . his eye be sad . parcher I be sorry , John . nash no ! John slap the receiver out of alicia 's hand , send the phone smashing against the wall . alicia step back against the wall . John stand face she . the baby wail in she arm . when she voice finally come , its whisper . alicia get away from I . nash alicia - alicia ( scream ) get away ! John take a step back from the force of she voice , and she 's out , push past he into ... int .- nash homse -hallway - continuous she 's grab she bag , head for the door . she spin to face John who just stand in the hallway , watch . alicia you want it to be real . you secret life be more exciting . you think I do not know that ? but this be all there be , John . me. you baby . this house . just this . - nash blicia - alicia can you find one reason that this all do not make sense ? can you find one reason not to believe in they ? to believe in we instead ? John start to speak . but no word come . 7 & 100 alicia I love you . but that 's nowhere near enough any more . and with that , she push out the front door into the pour rain . ext .- nash house -high angle-storm-continuous John stand in the open doorway , watch he wife disappear down the walkway in the pour rain towards they car . int .- nash house-hallway-continuous John stand stare outside . William step into the doorway behind he . watch . another figure begin descend the step . Charles . a third tiny form tug he hand . marcee . the front door slam close in the wind . pull back and up to see nash there , alone in the house with he ghost . ext .- nash driveway-storm it 's pour . alicia be put the baby in the passenger seat . a hand touch she shoulder . she spin to face she husband . nash she never get old . his lip be shaking , mixing with the rain now , he fall tear . nash marcee can not be real . she never get old . the two just stand there stare at each other in the pour rain . ext .- nash house - princeton -late afternoon the storm have break . crimson light stain the old colonial . ext .- nash house - porch-late afternoon nash face a familiar figure across the porch . Dr. rosen . rosen do you see they now ? nash manage a brave smile . iol nash yes . reverse angle . marcee sit on the porch play jack . Charles stand in the doorway , shaking he head disapprovingly . rosen why do you stop you med , John ? nash I could not work . I could not help with the baby . I could not touch she . ( a beat ) be that better than be crazy ? rosen we will try a higher run of insulin shock . then a new mo - nash there have to be another way . rosen the disease be degenerative . you be - get worse ... S nash look again at marcee . rosen without treatment , the fantasy may take over entirely . nash please . I can not go back there . rosen I be sorry , John . you have to . int .- nash bedroom-evening pan across open dresser drawer , a suitcase half pack on the floor , find nash sit on the bed , hold a close book between he palm , stare into space . alicia ( over ) almost ready ? alicia stand in the doorway , she expression brave . alicia rosen 's wait outside . 102 nash look up to he wife , he smile sad enough to snap you heart . nash I can not. ( simple truth ) I will not survive it . alicia he say you might say .... he have commitment papers for I to sign . nash nod , so terribly tired . what he expect . nash this be just a problem . I have to find the solution . it 's what I do ... she step towards he but he stop she with a gesture . only as he look up do we really see the toll this be take on he . nash maybe you will not sign they . maybe you will give I some time to try and figure this out . co he rub the book in he hand . nash but whatever you do , I think rosen 's right about one thing . you should not be here . I '' not so safe anymore . alicia stand in the doorway . stare at she husband . alicia would you have hurt I , John ? a figure race past behind she , like a ghost , startlingly fast , then go . he look up at he wife . . nash I do not know . nash have to look away . how else to blink back the water brim in he eye ? when he look up , she be go . . hold on nash as he let he head fall into he hand , palm take the weight of he defeat . push in on this single figure . alone . blicia ( over ) rosen say to call if you try to kill I or anything . 103 reverse . alicia enter . offer a wry smile as John stand . ( over ) a engine start , fade away . alicia I do not think he think this be a very good idea . nash 's stare at she , confuse . she take the book from he , turn it over in she hand . alicia you be not the only genius in the family , you know ? she walk to he , they face close , she voice come quiet . alicia in sickness and in health ... she take a rise embroider handkerchief , wipe the tear now spilling from he eye . : nash alicia - alicia do not . I be scared and I need you to tell I everything 's okay and you be awful with word so just do not . what he do , he reach out and take she in he arm , hold fast , hold on to she for dear life . dissolve to : int . - study - night-dawn nash and alicia sit on the floor read amidst a sea of book . outside the window , orange and red streak rake away the star . alicia ( glance up ) it look like a dream . nash murmur . then he look up at she , brow furrowing . nash what ? alicia the sky . it look like - nash rosen say dream be walk through my waking life .... John close he book . nash what 's the difference ? between life and a dream ? alicia take a beat , consider . then ... alicia life feel more real - nash how ? be specific- alicia ... emotion . ( a beat , nod ) I can not feel my gream as deeply as I feel the people in my life . nash but I do not do people well . I do not relate to they . my great connection have always be ... nash tap he head . nash need a mathematical solution , my mind create one . need a best friend , a important career , my mind create that too ... alicia be you say that 's why you be sick or because you sick ? but nash be not listen . nash what if I bury myself in people ? in place ? in the every day ? sank myself into reality . would not real life elbow out the ghost ? would not the dream fade ? would not I wake up ? 104 105 alicia John , this be all just theory . no one just will away schizophrenia . nash why not ? alicia it 's not math . you can not think you way - nash no . not think . ... feel . ( tap he head ) no more life of the mind ... ( pat he heart ) I have to live a life of the heart . alicia stare at he , equal part confusion and concern . ext.- princeton university-morning fall . through swirl of fall color , student move across the common . the clothes may be different , but it 's the same Princeton nash enter so many year ago as a freshman . push in to find ... ext .- fine hall -day nash stand before the step to the building . take a step towards it , then a step back , repeat the tiny dance of indecision . he stop , take something out of he pocket . alicia 's rise embroider handkerchief . holding it tight like a talisman , he head up the step and inside . int .-math department-office a fellow sit , head bent over a desk , he face not yet visible to we . ( over ) a knock . man ( over ) come . nash enter , stand in the doorway . nash hello , Martin . the fellow look up , familiar face go from confusion to shock . it 's milnor . 106 milnor Jesus Christ . nash no . I do not have that one . my savior complex take a different form . milnor just stare , he expression almost impossible to decode . milnor John ... then he stand , come around the desk , and do something almost unimaginable , he wrap he arm around nash and hold he . nash-close . so stunne he have to blink back the tear . milnor finally step away , hold he shoulder at arm length . milnor I hear what happen . I want to write . I try mclean but you have leave and I just ... God , how be you ? nash nutty as a fruitcake . and you ? we — milnor look . look here . milnor pull John to he book shelf . there , beneath medal and prize be picture of nash , milnor , Fox , Zweifel and shapely . Young , full of hope for the future . milnor God , de you remember we ? nash ( off the medal ) you win after all . milnor they be wrong , John . no one win . you hear about shapely ? nash shake he head . milnor lung cancer . last year . all that damn cigarettes . think you know . nash just shake he head . he do not . 107 milnor sit down . please . nash do . milnor return behind he desk . \milnor | I be so glad to see you . what bring you back to Princeton ? charle ( over ) tell he you be a genius - nash spin over he shoulder to see Charles in the open doorway . charle tell he you be mission - John reach around in he chair and slam the door in Charles 's face . turn back to face milnor , who stare a beat . then smile . milnor you be say ? nash you nre go to ignore what I just do ? milnor what be old friend for ? nash be that what we be ? Friends ? milnor of course . we always have be . a beat . then John just shake he head . nash I think be a part of a community - would do I good . I know it 's a lot to ask . and now that I be here it occur to I you will probably say no . but I be wonder , could I kind of hang around ? milnor stare at he across the desk , this arch rival , this old friend . it be a moment before he speak . then ... milnor will you be need a office ? 108 ext .-princeton game quad -day two student at a game table play nash on a triangular board . one keep glance over he shoulder nervously . wider . stand behind he be nash in he baggy suit . rocking on he heal the way he do , he look like a madman . nash ( step forward ) you might try protect you - student take a hike , hun weirdo . nash-close . taken aback . a beat . hold on nash stand alone . int .-fine hall-hallway-afternoon-walking a young adjunct be walk milnor fast down the long hall . adjunct so the old guy try to get into the library but he do not have id ... milnor why can not people read they memo ... adjunct and he go totally nut ... they arrive at the picture window at the end of the hall . milnor look down , expression darken ... through the window -courtyard-high angle amidst a crowd of gape student , nash be storming the courtyard in tight figure eight , cursing at the empty air . milnor shit ! ext . - courtyard-afternoon nash walk he figure eight . William keep pace , match nash step for step , right in he face . parcher be this what you be , soldier ? some useless ghoul . the local madman ? 109 nash get away from I ! parcher you be go to end up old , ina cell . worthless . discard . nash go to hell ! parcher and while you rock and drool , the world will burn to ash . two campus cop peel away from the inside of the crowd , head towards nash . milnor get there first , grab nash . milnor oshake he ) John ? John . nash stop . face milnor . William stand behind they . milnor I be sorry ... nash be look around . at the gape student . the still wary security guard . all stare at he . milnor I just hear what happen ... but John have stop listen . his eye be hollow with embarrassment , defeat . a beat . then he walk off towards the gate . milnor nash ... but John keep walk . William smile . open he arm . parcher lady and gentleman , the great John nash . int .- nash live room-evening nash sit on the couch , shirt untucked , tie half off , stare at the floor . his face , he posture , a portrait of surrender . ( over ) the banging get louder . finally , nash rise . as if move through molass , head towards the kitchen and the SOUND ... 110 int .- nash house - pantry-evening alicia sit on the floor next to the open back of the clothes dryer . piece of fan and belt be spread out before she . nash = be wrong . I do not think - alicia can you check the motor ? nash stare at she . then he lean over , lift the part . nash there 's carbon build up on the rotator groove ... nash squat , shave a groove with a screwdriver . nash ry it now ... alicia replace the part . tries the power . a hum but no action . alicia it still will not work . nash look at the assembly . tries the switch . feel the machine . nash it just run hot . maybe try again tomorrow . alicia nod . nash rosen be right . I can not do - she reach forward , touch she finger to he lip to quiet he . alicia maybe try again tomorrow . int .- nash house - live room -later alicia enter , toweling grease off she hand . no sign of John . int .- nash house - tool shed - night John open the door , turn on the light . no lab . just wall and wall of clipping . cf ill parcher welcome back . William stand in the corner , arm cross . parcher Close the door . John stare at he a beat . then he oblige . parcher I want you to listen to I very carefully . none of this be real . nash can not help but stifle a laugh of surprise . William smile . parcher tronic , I know . but true . think about it ? do you really believe rosen would just leave you in the house after you hit alicia ? nash I do not hit -. parcher that Princeton would let you hang around , ranting at they student like a madman ? that you could think you way out of a disease ? William step away from the wall , walk towards he . parcher rosen drugge you , John . you be ina cell at mclean . this be all a hypnotically induce hallucination to keep you from do you work . William have move close . parcher it 's 1954 . mind control through chemical be the rage . we be do it . they be do it . to you . what you need to defeat they be belief . not in I . but in you unique value . belief in yourself . surrender that and thousand die . nash stare at he a beat . then he reach up and grab a clipping . 112 vo nash you nre the one who 's not real . he tear the clipping down . William look he right in the eye . parcher you see we . we see you . who 's to say ? still hold he gaze , nash tear another clipping from the wal ?. nash I be . William lean in close . and smile a smile to freeze you heart . parcher you nre still talk to I . int . - princeton -fine hall-continuous student file into a classroom . nash stand at the door face Charles and marcee , alicia 's handkerchief in he hand fer courage . charle co you can not ignore I forever . nash you be a good friend to I . the best . but I will not talk to you again . nash bend on one knee before marcee and touch she tiny cheek . nash or you either , baby girl . ( kiss she head ) Goodbye . a professor come to the doorway , stop to stare at this odd man on he knee , kissing thin air . nash rise , turn to the Professor . nash I be wonder if I might audit you class ? professor I be sorry , you have to be enrol - the young Professor 's eye narrow . he seem suddenly flustered . 113 professor oh . of course . Dr. milnor mention . it 's ... it 's a honor sir . John be about to step over the threshold of the door . he stop . professor be something 's wrong ? nash it 's my first class . and with that , he step inside . Charles and marcee follow . int .- nase house - night John wake . rise to get a drink of water . he pull open the bathroom door but beyond there be only solid wall . he spin ... int . - mclean-czll-night small . dark. window bar . John look around wildly , heart sink with shock and dread . William step out of the shadow . parcher we do not have much time . this be the real world . do not let they drug you again . hang on , nash - ( over ) the door unlocks . open . a nurse step in , hypo in she hand , face hide by shadow . she step forward into the light . alicia . int .- nash bedroom - night nash jolt awake with a start . alicia be sit up beside he . alicia John ? be you all right ? he stare at she a beat . not so sure . nash give I time ... ext.-princeton library-day Morning break on the old stone building . int . - princeton-library-day track past a librarian , past oak table and green read light . oo 114 a couple of student stand before the large circular window , cover now with wax marking . the symbol seem disorganize . student | gibberish . the second begin wiping off the window . voice ( over ) get away ! do not touch that ! they turn to find nash , tower over they , face distraught . nase get away , do you hear I ? get away . student freak . they walk off . nash go to the window , with he wax pencil begin try to reconstruct the symbol . a beat . then he touch he head to the glass , defeat , look down at the courtyard below . what he see be startling . see it now ... ext .-game quad - day a slightly older nash stand at a game table watch two kid finish a game of nash . after they leave , he make a move . one of the kid return to grab a forget book . notice nash 's move . nash start to explain , look over the boy 's shoulder to ... ext . - common - spring a slightly older nash sit amidst a group of student under a tree , listen to milnor give a seminar . nash seem out of place . marcee play with he hair but he ignore she , take note . nash look to see ... ext-courtyard-day a slightly older nash walk in figure eight , silent as William shout in he face . student pass without a second glance , folk use to he by now . nash look towards ... 115 ext .- princeton-main gate a slightly older nash sit under a giant weep willow , have a picnic with alicia . nash laugh , look up towards ... ext.-princeton library window -day a figure look down at campus through row of symbol that cover the glass before he . it 's nash , ten year older then when we leave he here . int . - library-1970 ' S nash finish write on the pane . the symbol be now orderly , they sequence in long , graceful line . he take a step back , appraise he work . allow a slight nod and walk off . pan right . two student , one skinny , one fair , have be watch . they move to the window , stare at the equation . skinny student oh , man . look at this ... fat student I think he solve riemann ... int .-library-minutes later nash work over he pad at one of the oak table . marcee sit on the table top in front of he , read Green egg and Ham . voice ( over ) Professor nash ? John look up to face the skinny Student . student you be John nash , right ? nash look at he and smile . student you solve the riemann hypothesis . nash actually there 's a error in my last line of code . but I be get there . the Student plonk he textbook on the table . open it . 116 student I have be study you bargain equilibria . text book-close . under the title fundamentals in mathematics be nash 's bargain equilibria . nash hang around long enough and you become famous . student it 's all I want . to be like you . come up with something totally original , you know ? John look at this boy , the ambition in he eye . so bright , so familiar . the kid slide he notebook towards nash . student maybe you would take a look ... nash when be the last time you eat ? the boy stare at he blankly . nash you know , food ? nash close the boy 's notebook . reaches into he brown paper lunch bag and remove a sandwich . nash the woman love mayonnaise . he slide half he sandwich across . pat the chair next to he . nash - why do not you tell I how you be adjust to school ? I know how difficult it can be ... ext.-princeton -game quad -day nash sit at one of the game table over a go board . milnor walk up , older now , sit down across from he . milnor how many time do we sit here ? a hundred ? CO nash look . the stare at he with little emotion . 117 nash a hundred lifetime ago . milnor my secretary say you be look for I . nash I be think I might teach . milnor you nre a terrible teacher , John . nash detail , detail . milnor stare at he . milnor what about , you know ... be they go ? nash oh no , they be not go . maybe they 's 1l never be . sitting across the path be Charles , William and nash but I have get use tc ignore they . and I think , as a result , they have kind of give up on I . do you think that 's the way it be with we dream and we nightmare ? that we have to keep feed they for they to stay alive ? milnor but they haunt you ? nash they be my past , Martin . everybody 's haunt by they past . milnor look up . shapely , Fox and Zweifel race past . all young . he look back at nash and the cool autumn day be empty once more . nash do you understand ? — — 118 milnor maybe . almost . a beat . then jchn stand . nash I have get to go . alicia still worry if I be late . you get a lot of attention when you be crazy . milnor I all talk to the department . maybe in the . spring semester . John nod , begin to head off . milnor hey , nash . nash spin . milnor tap the game board in front of he . milnor you scared ? John stare at he . then he grin . as John go and sit back down pull back and up over this two old friend , play with the heart of the boy they once be . ext .- nash house -twilight light burn . alicia 's car pull into the driveway . int .- nash house -twilight a unfinish painting sit on a easel . walden Pond in winter , tree lifeless , but off the ice , a sparkle that might be hope . the door open and alicia enter . look around . the phone receiver hang off the hook , swinging by the cord . her expression darken . alicia John ? int . - car-princeton-driving-night alicia drive , expression intense . look . she spot a man in a doorway , ranting . she slow . just a stranger . alicia take a beat , gather herself . drive on . 119 ext .- princeton - nash' dorm-night nash stand on the same roof where he and Charles pass the flask , so very long ago . '' rlicia | look for divine inspiration ? John look at she . a beat . then into the distance again . nash milnor 's dead . his car crash on 95 . he be buy a goldfish . alicia oh God , John , no . I be so sorry . nash and I think , what if I suddenly wake up in a cell and you be the enemy . what if the world shatter again and I can not hold on ? she stare at he , eye sparkling in the moonlight . alicia but you hold on . nash I hold on . he turn to face she , to look right into she eye . nash because none of that feel as real , as the chance of lose you . he look up at the glitter panoply streaking the night sky . - alicia do you see the umbrella ? nash no. just star . alicia ( point ) here . let I show you . as she slide she arm around he , hold on this couple . stand together against all the dark in the world . 120 int .-fine hall -day nash-close . clean shaven , hair cut short . Dazzling . nash I can do this . they be only kid , right ? what can they do to I . write slanderous comment on bathroom wall . how bad could it be ? ( a beat ) horrible . it could be horrible . from this angle John might be talk to himself . pull back to reveal he 's not alone . alicia be stand behind he . nash ( hand to he chest ) oh no . where 's - his face be suddenly child - like with panic . she reach into she purse , take out what he be look for . her handkerchief , which she fold and place in he pocket . he smile at she . nash thanks . he turn and head into the classroom . alicia stare at he through the door as the kid settle . int . - classroom -day - continuous nash when I be a student here , they use to say you have to be certifiable to take this class . John 's smile be brilliant . nash : now it seem you just have to be certifiable to teach it . the kid break out in laughter , the tension break . nash my name be John nash . and I be go to be you teacher . welcome to mathematics in think and action . alicia-close . eye bright with pride . co 121 hold on the classroom door as alicia slowly dissolves . the hallway change color once , then again , time pass until we be ... int .-princeton-fine hall -1990' the door swing open . nash emerge amidst a gaggle of student . his suit be tailore , he face cover with a close beard . the way the student cling to he , jabbering , this man be one fine teacher . man ( over ) Professor nash ? a man be stand by the doorway . this be howard kuhn . nash 's smile be polite , but vaguely puzzle . turn to one of he student . nash do you see he ? the student nod . nash you will ' forgive I . I be always suspicious of new people . . although kuhn be puzzle , the student seem to take it in stride . they just like this guy . student see you next week , Professor . nash watch they go , smile , paternal . nash I have a son that age . Harvard . ( roll he eye ) so , now that you be real , who be you and what can I do you for ? kuhn take a beat before speak . then ... . kuhn Professor , my name be Howard kuhn . I be here to tell you you be . be consider for the Nobel Prize . int .-fine hall - walking -minute later nash and kuhn walk . student who pass greet nash . nash I be sorry . I be just a bit stunne . 122 kuhn over the last ten year you bargain equilibria have become a foundation of modern economics . they have come to a familiar doorway . it 's the faculty lounge . High tea be in progress . the formal dress be go . the student be ' multi-national , the waiter woman . but the ritual be the same . kuhn shall we have some tea ? nash stare through the door a long beat . when he look back at kuhn , he eye be sad . nash I be not formally a member of the department . I ... there be a tragic tenderness to he expression , a acknowledgement of all that have be lose to time . kuhn I guest lecture here before the war . I '' sure it will be all right . he put he hand on the small of John 's back . John look at he warily and then , finally , step over the threshold . int .-fine hall -math faculty lounge -day nash and kuhn sit across from each other . a young girl serve they tea from a silver service . nash smile at she . nash thing have change . the sentence seem to resonate more deeply to he than he have intend as it roll off he lip . he grow pensive a beat . then ... nash I think the nomination for the Nobel Prize be secret . I think you only know if you win or lose . kuhn that be generally the case , yes . but this be special circumstance . the award be substantial . they require private funding . as such , the image of the Nobel be quite important ... 123 kuhn stop a beat . take a sip of tea . nash so you come here to see if I be crazy . to see if I would = screw everything up if I actually win . maybe dance at the podium or strip naked and squawk like a chicken . it 's nash 's tone that put 's kuhn at ease . kuhn something like that , yes . nash stop , stare off . then ... nash would I embarrass you ? yes , 1 ! suppose it 's possible . you see , I be crazy . I be dependant on the new medication . I still see thing that be not here . but I choose to ignore they . like a diet of the mind . I do not indulge certain appetite . my appetite for pattern . and perhaps my appetite to imagine , even to dream . I have lose much . but ... he open he hand . student Professor nash ? John look up . a young faculty member be stare at he . he reach into he pocket , lay something down in front of he . it 's he pen . wider another teacher stand behind he . he too lay he pen down before - nash . and now everyone in the room be rise , come to he , lay they pen down , one after another in a grow tribute to a lifetime of accomplishment . kuhn what ...? the pen keep come . nash open he mouth to answer . but he can not , eye suddenly flooding with tear for this journey take so very far . dissolve to : vo , 124 int .-royal swedish academy - nobel ceremony a giant hall . full . nash stand at the podium , blink he eye . hundred sit watch , as camera flashbulb finally cease . but nash just stand there . a long beat . and even longer . kuhn-close . in the audience . concerned . alicia -close . in the front row . start to worry . back to nash . still stand there . see what he see . hundred of face stare back at he . finally , just when all seem lose ... nash thank you . thank you for you patience . but he 's not look at the speech before he . he 's not look at the audience . he 's look only at alicia . nash I have always believe in number . in the equation and logic that lead to reason . I be wrong . it be only in the mysterious equation of love that any logic or reason can be find . perhaps it be good to have a beautiful mind . but a better gift be to discover a beautiful heart . and suddenly there be no one else in the room but the two of they , nash 's magical vision revealing the pattern of the heart . nash thank you for you belief in I after so many year . you be the reason I be here today . nash reach into he breast pocket and take out something familiar . it 's she rise embroider handkerchief . nash you be the reason I be . and with that he tuck the handkerchief in he suit pocket . nash thank you . L 12 the room explode with applause , suddenly full again . Zweifel stand , he applause ever more enthusiastic , as do Fox , and then that around they , all rise in ovation . alicia -close . clap as hard as the rest , full of love and pride . John just stands on stage . take it all in . then , finally , he bow , folk applauding even so loud that nash can not stifle a laugh . int .-royal swedish academy -cocktail reception John stand with alicia and amidst the dwindling well wisher . alicia time to go ? nash yes , please . he help she on with she wrap . that 's when he see they , stand by the door . Three familiar figure . Charles , marcee and William . then William do something odd . he give nash a small salute . alicia what be it ? what 's wrong ? he turn to he wife . his smile be long in come , but when it come , it melt the worry on he face along with we heart . nash nothing . nothing at all . he take she hand , turn he back on they , man and wife head away together , outside , into the light and go . final fade to black .