a beautiful day in the neighborhood written by micah fitzerman - Blue & noah harpster inspire by the article '' can you say ... hero ? '' by Tom junod a miniature residential STREET - day colorful balsawood house and plastic tree pepper the boulevard . model car wait for the pass toy trolley . a familiar vibraphone chime in . up ahead , a quaint yellow house come into focus . we be in the open credit of mister rogers 's neighborhood . int . mister rogers 's neighborhood home - continuous fred rogers swing open the door , beam . he sing directly into the camera . his movement be slow -- he 's not as young as he once be . fred ( singing ) it 's a beautiful day in this neighborhood . a beautiful day for a neighbor . would you be mine ? could you be mine ? at the closet , Fred take off he sport coat and hang it up . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) it 's a neighborly day in this beauty wood . a neighborly day for a beauty . would you be mine ? could you be mine ? he pluck a red cardigan off the hanger . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) I have always want to have a neighbor just like you . Fred point right into the camera . you . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) I have always want to live ina neighborhood with you . so , let 's make the most of this beeeeautiful day . he playfully zip up the sweater before sit on the bench . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) since we be together we might as well say . repeating a ritual he have do for decade , Fred slip off he dress shoe and toss it to he other hand . he replace it with the blue boat shoe and tie it tight before move on to the next foot . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) would you be mine , could you be mine ? wo not you be my neighbor ? wo not you please , will not you please ? please will not you be my neighbor ? he smile and settles in . then , that soft warm voice . fred ( cont 'd ) hello neighbor . so good to see you again today . Fred pull out a large wooden board checker with several little pattern door . fred ( cont 'd ) do you see the special thing that I bring in to show you ? it 's call a picture board , because behind each one of this little door be a picture of people . look who this one be . Fred open a door to reveal a soft - focus headshot of lady aberlin , 40s . fred ( cont 'd ) it 's Lady aberlin . let 's see who 's behind this door . he open another -- this time it 's the king friday puppet . fred ( cont 'd ) it 's King Friday the thirteenth -- with he crown and mustache and beard . what 's behind here ? Fred open another door . it 's mister mcfeely , 5as , in a white wig , goatee , and hat . fred ( cont 'd ) it 's mister mcfeely . he say '' speedy delivery , '' do not he ? ( then ) today , I have like you to meet a new friend of mine name Lloyd Vogel . he open the last door . it 's lloyd vogel , 35 . he 's get a fat bloody lip . fred ( cont 'd ) someone have hurt my friend Lloyd , and not just on he face . he be have a hard time forgive the person who hurt he . do you know what it mean , to forgive ? Fred wait for you to answer . fred ( cont 'd ) it be a decision we make to release a person from the feeling of anger we have at they . it 's strange , but sometimes it 's hardest of all to forgive someone we love . Fred smile . fred ( cont 'd ) let 's go say hello to my new friend Lloyd , shall we ? Fred head toward the front door , and wave for we to come along -- the vibraphone chime carry we out the window and into -- the miniature neighborhood the same house , car , tree , and trolley -- in reverse . we expand out to reveal much more than just mister Rogers 's Neighborhood . now we see all of -- miniature pittsburgh and we be over the bridge and river , past the monongahela incline , over the tree and mountain into -- miniature new york CITY we stop over new york CITY as the sun set . the city light flicker on , and the sound of life in Manhattan bring we into -- miniature plaza HOTEL the historic art - deco masterpiece glow in the moonlight . ext . plaza HOTEL - night we push into the third floor window . Inside -- announcer ( prelap ) here to present this year 's winner for feature write , please welcome last year 's winner -- int . plaza HOTEL - ballroom - night a lavish black - tie award dinner , celebrate the national magazine award . announcer ( 0.c. ) Lloyd Vogel . the glamorous crowd of journalist applaud as Lloyd get up from he seat and approach the podium . ellen , 50 , he long - time editor , look on . lloyd thank you . it 's so wonderful to be here tonight with my fellow misfit . we clean up good . chuckle . Lloyd look to the teleprompter , then -- lloyd ( cont 'd ) so why do we write for magazine for a live ? because do anything else do not seem quite like live at all . we get a front row seat to history . we get to expose the truth that other can not see . and sometimes , just sometimes , we get to change a break world with we word . applause take we to -- ext . lloyd 's build - STREET - late night Lloyd exit a cab in front of he building . int . lloyd be loft - the next morning sunlight fill the airy home . Lloyd 's wife , andrea , 35 , take a huge bite of a brioche . she 's in heaven . andrea mmmm . Lloyd place a handful of diaper on a pile of baby clothes and gear . he 's try to pack . gavin , they four-month - old , sleep in the rocker nearby . andrea ( cont 'd ) thank you . I need this . I eat a block of cheese for dinner . Lloyd smile , then look at the disorganize pile of clothes . lloyd so what be we forget ? andrea we definitely need more diaper . lloyd more than this ? we be just go to Jersey for one night . andrea we go through at least twelve a day . lloyd we do ? what be you feed that kid ? would not it be easier to just leave he with a sitter ? we could -- andrea you know I be not ready to leave he with a stranger . he 's too little . lloyd yeah . andrea hey , so you sister call last night . lloyd uh huh ? andrea she want to make sure you have write you toast . lloyd oh , I be all set . I be just gonna use my speech from she first wedding . or maybe from she second . andrea ( play along ) okay sure . just change the name . they share a smile . she 's suddenly serious . andrea ( cont 'd ) and hey . she want I to tell you something . lloyd okay ... andrea you father be come . Lloyd go silent . andrea ( cont 'd ) I guess she reach out month ago , and do not think he would respond but he call , and he 's come to the wedding . lloyd oh . andrea you okay ? Lloyd pull it together . lloyd yeah ! fine. ( then , slightly jokey ) but I do not think we should go ? andrea Lloyd ! lloyd what ? seriously -- why have a baby if you can not use he to get out social engagement ? andrea that 's what lorraine 's afraid of -- that you 'il back out . lloyd I be kid . I would never miss she wedding . I look forward to they every year . andrea laugh . andrea okay . well I think it 's 1ll be nice for gavin to meet he grandfather . lloyd sure . Lloyd be distract . andrea study he , worried . ext . STREET - day a taxi cab idle . andrea bounce gavin on the sidewalk . in the back of the car , Lloyd try to install a baby seat . Lloyd shove the car seat hard , seeping stress . lloyd dammit ! andrea ( to gavin ) daddy 's just be funny . Lloyd give the car seat a shake . it 's completely unattach . lloyd it 's impossible . andrea here . take he . here . andrea offer gavin to Lloyd . he take the baby , and andrea climb into the back seat . Lloyd bounce gavin , look off into space , not connect . andrea jam she knee into the seat and click it into place . andrea ( cont 'd ) there . lloyd great . the vibraphone take we to -- miniature tri - state area the new york skyline and the hudson river . we dip down toward I - 95 , where the taxi move North toward New Jersey . int . radisson reception hall - day a modest , sparsely attend affair . todd , 35 , the doughy and blue collar groom , wait by the rent - a-reverend . Lloyd and andrea sit near the back . gavin be asleep on andrea in a carrier . andrea ( be : Todd ) he look terrify . lloyd he should be . he 's marrying lorraine . the music change . the small crowd stand and turn to see lorraine vogel , 35 , in a slinky white dress . escort lorraine be jerry vogel , 65 , tan with pomade in he hair and a flashy blazer . Jerry wave at Lloyd -- a big ratpack grin . andrea breathe . Lloyd quickly look away . int . radisson bar - later - night wedding music blast . 9. lorraine and Todd approach Lloyd and andrea at they table . andrea ( to lorraine ) oh my , you look so beautiful . lloyd absolutely . lorraine I be ten pound short of my target weight , but whatever -- he notice Todd , the groom . lloyd hey , I be Lloyd . the brother . todd I know , man . I guess I be Todd , you know , the husband . Todd swallow Lloyd in a bro-hug . lorraine squeeze gavin 's foot . lorraine and look at you , ya little peanut . ( then ) I do not think we be have kid . Lloyd notice Jerry on the other side of the room . he 's talk to dorothy , 55 , wear heavy make - up and a low - cut dress . lloyd how would that happen ? lorraine I invite he and he come . lloyd to walk you down the aisle ? really ? lorraine he offer . he miss the first two , I think ' why the hell not ? 's lloyd I can think of a few reason . lorraine he 's old , and if he 's gonna make a effort -- 10 . Jerry take the mic at the stage . Lloyd 's face fall . jerry oh , I guess it 's time we get this start . so , in lieu of the typical father of the bride speech , I think I have -- well , I would like to sing a little ditty . the music start . jerry ( cont 'd ) this one be for my lorraine -- and for you too -- Jerry lean over to dorothy , search for he name , then -- jerry ( cont 'd ) Todd . Jerry sing '' somethin 's stupid , '' while lorraine and Todd move to the center to slow dance . Jerry croon , do he best Sinatra . jerry ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) I know I stand in line until you think you have the time to spend a evening with I and if we go some place to dance , I know that there 's a chance you will be leave with I -- andrea admit it . now you regret eloping . lloyd of course he 's drunk . andrea he can sing . jerry ( singing ) then afterwards we drop into a quiet little place - and have a drink or two and then I go and spoil it all by say something stupid like '' I love you '' Jerry look at lorraine . jerry ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) I love you . 11 . then , he train he eye on Lloyd . jerry ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) I love you . int . bar - continuous Lloyd hide away in a corner with andrea and gavin . Jerry bound up . jerry here we be . in the pearl of the Garden State -- lloyd hello , Jerry . jerry come on ! you do not have to call I Jerry . or call I Jerry . I do not care . Jerry train he grin on andrea and gavin . jerry ( cont 'd ) and hello to you . andrea hi -- I be andrea . Lloyd 's wife . jerry andrea ! of course ! what a unique pleasure . ( to gavin ) hello , little fella . andrea this be gavin . jerry what a handsome man . you look just like I -- and Lloyd too , I guess , but mostly I . andrea smile . a very long , very awkward beat . jerry ( cont 'd ) let 's have a drink ? lloyd no. 12 . jerry what be that ? a pop ? that stuff 's 1ll kill you . lloyd I be give my toast , then we be leave , so -- Jerry turn to andrea . jerry doll -- could you give we a moment ? lloyd she 's not a doll . she 's a public interest attorney . jerry there money in that ? andrea we be gonna circulate . Lloyd give andrea a hard look . andrea mouth '' breathe . '' jerry you get a baby . and a wife ? Lloyd nod . yep . jerry ( cont 'd ) you happy ? lloyd I be happy . jerry well , she seem nice enough . ( then ) but be not you kinda old to have a baby -- lloyd I be not that old . jerry you be smart . you mom and I hardly know each other when she get pregnant . we be baby . lloyd do not talk about she . 13 . Jerry grab Lloyd 's arm tightly . Lloyd tense at the constraint . jerry you do not know the whole story . you mom do not exactly - Lloyd pull himself away , and deck Jerry . lloyd don ’t talk about my mom . Todd grab Lloyd before he can lunge at Jerry again . todd whoa , whoa , whoa ! lloyd let go of I . Lloyd shove Todd hard . he slam into lorraine , spilling red wine all over she dress . lorraine stop ! stop it ! in the commotion , a groomsman come out of nowhere and deck Lloyd . suddenly , everyone be scrapping . dorothy run in . dorothy what the hell !! Jerry try to break they up , and get push back , knock he against the window . blood dump out onto Lloyd 's chin . everything stop . Lloyd look around the room . silence . Lloyd 's eye land on andrea , in disbelief . gavin 's scream . ext . radisson - front - minute later andrea and Lloyd be mid-argument . Lloyd hold a bloody bar towel to he mouth . lloyd I shoulda know this would happen . andrea it be not inevitable ! it be not like '' oh , when this two see each other , somebody 's go to get punch . '' lloyd you do not hear he . andrea you be out of control . lloyd he be out of control ! andrea so you be go to take no responsibility for what happen . lloyd of course I be . I offer to pay for lorraine 's dry clean . andrea stare at he in disbelief . 14 . the vibraphone float in with the melody of '' what do you do with the mad that you feel '' -- we freeze and push in on Lloyd 's face -- he break nose , swollen eye and split lip . back to : int . mister rogers 's neighborhood home - live room - day we pull out on the photo of that same face . Fred sit beside the big wooden board with little pattern door . he stare at Lloyd 's photo . fred have you ever feel like Lloyd do ? so angry you want to hurt someone else , or yourself ? I know I have . Fred smile . 15 . fred ( cont 'd ) when I be a boy I be very chubby . the other kid would chase I and call I name -- like '' fat freddy . '' it make I very sad and I would cry to myself . and other time , it make I very angry . ( then ) there be always something to do with the mad you feel . there 's a knock at the door . fred ( cont 'd ) do you hear that ? another knock . fred ( cont 'd ) oh. someone be at my door . let 's go see who it be . Fred look out the window . fred ( cont 'd ) it 's Mr. mcfeely . he open the door . mr . mcfeely speedy Delivery . Mr. mcfeely hand Fred the mail . mr . mcfeely ( cont 'd ) look . it 's a magazine . in the bundle -- a esquire magazine . he pick it up , leaf through it . fred oh , thank you . magazine be always fill with all sort of interesting information . mr . mcfeely they sure be . fred my friend Lloyd work for a magazine . he 's a very wonderful writer . 16 . mr . mcfeely that remind I . I have a video I find , and I think you and you neighbor may like to see it . fred what be it ? mr . mcfeely it 's about how people make a magazine . it 's call '' how people make a Magazine . '' I know a lot of people like magazine so I think you might find this interesting . fred I think we would -- do you have time to show it to we now ? mr . mcfeely I would be glad to see it again . fred let 's look at it on picture picture . Mr. mcfeely take the video out of the sleeve . mr . mcfeely here 's the tape . Fred take the tape and slide it in the wall by the painting . fred we will watch it on picture picture and see how people make a magazine . in the painting , a large scale printing facility . we push into the frame -- int . printing facility - day a technician glob yellow ink onto a roller . mr . mcfeely ( v.o. ) now this be the ink they use in the printing press that print the magazine . fred ( v.o. ) yellow ink . it look like mustard . 17 . a forklift move a giant roll of paper . mr . mcfeely ( v.o. ) and this be large roll of blank paper that will get load into the machine . fred ( v.o. ) I wonder how many magazine they can make out of one of that large roll . the printing PRESS whir to life . the belt spit out a image in blue , then yellow , then green , then red . mr . mcfeely ( v.o. ) they print the magazine in giant sheet . one color at a time . the page be sort , collate , and staple , and then -- mr. mcfeely ( v.o. ) this machine assemble the magazine and glue it all together . the finish magazine fly out . the cover of esquire magazine . now we be in -- int . esquire magazine - day slick and bustling . Magazine culture in its 90 's heyday . a employee weave through cubicle , distribute the new issue to every desk . fred ( v.o. ) oh , now who 's this ? mr . mcfeely ( v.o. ) this be the people who decide what will be in the magazine . they pick the picture and design the layout . fred ( v.o. ) oh , that 's a important job . 18 . mr . mcfeely ( v.o. ) and this be the people who write the word that go into a magazine . fred ( v.o . ) it be a lot of work to make a magazine , be not it ? Lloyd enter the bullpen . his lip be still swollen and he black eye look worse . he beeline for a corner office . int . esquire magazine - ellen 's office - day Lloyd enter , all smile . from she desk , ellen see Lloyd 's bust nose and raise she eyebrow . lloyd pay no attention to my face . softball injury . nothing to worry about . good morning , ellen . how be you ? ellen this should be interesting . lloyd what should ? ellen send you on a assignment with a bust face . lloyd a assignment ? ellen yep . you be the perfect person for it . you just have a baby . lloyd why be you give I a assignment ? ellen we be do a issue on heroes . we be profiling a number of inspirational people -- we just need a small piece of copy to accompany a pretty photo . 19 . lloyd you hire I as a investigative journalist , ellen . I do not do puff piece . you know that . ellen wait a second , do not I hire you to do whatever I tell you to do ? and right now that 's do a profile on one of we nation 's heroes . lloyd who ? ellen mister Rogers . a laugh escape from Lloyd . lloyd as in , the hokey kid 's show guy ? ellen as in the beloved child 's television host , yes . look , I think this could be good for you . start to change you image . lloyd I do not need to change my image . ellen okay . Lloyd absorb the indignity . lloyd ellen ? ellen he be the only person on we list willing to be interview by you , Lloyd . you be develop a reputation . lloyd a reputation ? people love talk to I . ellen yes , they do . until they read what you write about they . 20 . lloyd so I be suppose to go easy on this guy because ... what ? he play with puppet for a live ? ellen sigh , do with he . ellen 400 word . play nice . Lloyd can not believe he just lose this battle . int . esquire magazine - lloyd 's cubicle - day a shrine to Lloyd 's extensive travel and accomplishment . buried in the clutter be a photo of Lloyd and andrea and a baby announcement for gavin . Lloyd sit at he desk , stewing . he pick up the phone and dial . lloyd ( into phone ) hello , this be Lloyd Vogel with esquire Magazine call to schedule a interview with , um -- ( quietly ) mister Rogers ? one of Lloyd 's peer walk by , and Lloyd slink down . ext . lloyd 's build - day Lloyd approach he building . Jerry be wait by he gold ' 93 cadillac deville . his face be swollen and bruise too . he follow Lloyd to the door . jerry sorry about you face . I get it good , too . Lloyd do not speak . he just keep walk . jerry ( cont 'd ) look , I mess this up . I just want to talk to you . we have a lot that need to be say . 21 . lloyd no. I be not go to be ambush . Lloyd open the door , step through -- jerry come on , Lloyd . -- and lock it behind he . Jerry linger on the other side of the door , wounded and embarrassed . int . lloyd 's loft - continuous Lloyd step out of the elevator into scream baby and mom . it 's andrea 's '' mommy and I '' group . andrea hi honey . lloyd hi. hi guy . the mom turn , smile politely -- confuse by Lloyd 's face . lloyd ( cont 'd ) smell in here . andrea yeah , it 's the bathroom trash . nine kind of diaper . Lloyd slink into -- int . lloyd be loft - bathroom - moment later Lloyd tie off the trash bag . he make he way out when the phone ring . lloyd I get it . int . lloyd be loft - kitchen - moment later Lloyd pick up the cordless phone in the kitchen . lloyd hello ? 22 . fred ( 0.c. ) Lloyd ? lloyd who 's this ? fred ( 0.c. ) this be Fred Rogers . that familiar voice . a beat . lloyd hi . that be quick . fred ( 0.c. ) well , I figure if you want to talk to I , I should want to talk to you . lloyd oh , uh , sure . I just want to set a time to sit with you and ask you a few question . fred ( 0.c. ) I be happy to schedule something , except for one thing . lloyd what 's that ? fred ( 0.c . ) you have I here right now . lloyd yeah , okay . Lloyd dig out a pen and paper from a drawer . int . loyyyd build - hallway - moment later Lloyd sit on the floor scribbling he note , struggle to keep up with Fred . fred ( 0.c . ) I try to look through the camera , into the eye of each child watch , and speak to they , as if individually , try to be fully present to they feeling and need . ( more ) 23 . fred ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) this be important when people of any age speak to one another . lloyd uh huh . right . he move to the window and look out -- on the STREET , Jerry lean against he cadillac read a newspaper . he 's not leave . fred ( 0.c . ) do you know what the most important thing in the world be to I , right now ? lloyd uh , no. fred ( 0.c. ) talk on the telephone to Lloyd Vogel . this stop Lloyd . int . lloyd 's loft - night Lloyd lie on the bed , stare at the ceiling . andrea approach . andrea hey . lloyd hey . andrea you okay ? lloyd I get a assignment . andrea inhale , then -- andrea where you go this time ? lloyd Pittsburgh , tomorrow . 24 . andrea absorb the familiar pain of Lloyd leave for a story . andrea uh-huh . lloyd I be profiling mister Rogers . andrea really ? I love he ! lloyd you do ? andrea yeah . why ? lloyd I do not know . andrea wait , ellen 's give you a profile ? Lloyd shrug , then -- andrea ( cont 'd ) she know that 's not what you do . lloyd I think that 's she point . andrea can you say no ? can you take a break and be with we for a while ? you be not able to take any time off when gavin be bear . lloyd not really . andrea look at he with genuine compassion . andrea well , at least it 's someone good . lloyd yeah , we will see . andrea oh god , Lloyd . please do not ruin my childhood . 25 . int . loyyyd build - hallway - night Lloyd look out the window . Jerry 's cadillac be still there . miniature JFK airport a small plane take off from the runway . miniature pittsburgh we move over the river , dip down toward -- ext . wqed studio - pittsburgh - day Lloyd approach the distinctive concrete building . int . woed - hallway - minute later Lloyd spot bill isler , a sharply dress guy , get coffee at craft service . lloyd hey , I be look for Fred Rogers . bill who ? lloyd I be here for a interview with -- be I in the wrong place ? Fred Rogers ? Bill shrug , mess with Lloyd . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I be from esquire . I be Lloyd -- bill I know who you be . Bill extend he hand , a sparkle of mischief in he eye . bill ( cont 'd ) Bill isler . Lloyd shake it . lloyd oh . you be mess with I . 26 . bill in here . Bill move toward the door . bill ( cont 'd ) you will get about twenty minute with he during the break -- lloyd I be tell a hour . Bill gesture at Lloyd 's face . bill you be not gonna try to fight he be ya ? lloyd oh , uh -- softball league . play at the plate . bill maybe you should not have lead with you face . Bill open the stage door and suddenly they be in -- int . wqed - mister rogers 's neighborhood set - continuous the fish tank , the stop light , the closet full of cardigan , the boat shoe , and the magical trolley that bridge mister Rogers 's house with the '' Neighborhood of make believe . '' the camera operator sit behind the camera , ready . at the center of all the commotion -- Fred Rogers kneel down , deep in conversation with a young boy who be swinging around a light - up plastic sword . a small oxygen tank connect to he nose . his mom and dad be by he side . bill sorry guy . could be a minute . lloyd be this a make-a- wish thing ? producer margy , 40s , in charge , walk by . the first ad trail she . 27 . bill how we do margy ? she point to she watch . margy he 's ruin my life . bill how long ? margy half-hour already , which put we ... seventy three minute behind . first ad yikes . bill I gotta go in . cover I . margy you be on you own . Bill 's face and body language transform from stern to warm as he approach Fred . unlike everybody else , Fred have all the time in the world . the Boy still swing he sword , fight something that be not there . fred ( to the Boy ) you have the same color sweater as I do . I can not see color very well . be not that interesting ? the Boy ignore he . dad ( to Fred ) I be sorry . ( to the Boy ) Son , he 's talk to you . the Boy hit he dad in the shin with the sword . fred that sword look very sharp . and heavy too . the Boy shrug . 28 . boy not really . fred well you must be very strong to hold it like that . and you know what ? I bet you be very strong on the inside , too . a moment . the Boy stop . something small shift inside of he . he hand the sword to he Mom and -- the Boy hug Fred . fred ( cont 'd ) oh . thank you for that . Mom and dad watch , tearfully . bill I be terribly sorry , Fred , but we need to start . fred yes . of course . ( to the Mom , dad , and Boy ) May I take you picture ? Fred pull out a small camera . dad pull the Boy close and the family smile . fred ( cont 'd ) thank you so much for visit . bill folk , if you 'il follow I . Bill lead the family off the set . Lloyd 's not buy the sincerity of the moment . lloyd how often do this happen ? margy every day . as soon as the family be go , Fred move to he mark in the front yard where a tarp and tent pole wait on the astroturf . margy nod to the first ad . 29 . first ad okay here we go ! everyone settle . quiet please . Lloyd follow margy , well behind the camera . first ad ( cont 'd ) Roll sound . SOUND guy ( 0.c. ) speed . first ad Mark it . the loader step in front of the camera and snap the slate . first ad ( cont 'd ) and , action . Fred speak into camera . fred do you know what this be ? it 's a -- Fred spot Lloyd . fred ( cont 'd ) Lloyd ! Fred leave he mark and march quickly across the set , tent pole in hand . he grin with delight . first ad hold please ! margy we can not fire he can we ? fred hello , Lloyd . it 's nice to meet you . everyone turn to Lloyd . lloyd hi. Fred notice he black eye . fred oh , dear . be you all right ? 30 . lloyd play at the plate . fred oh . it look like it hurt . behind Fred , a sea of glare . lloyd why do not we chat afterwards ? margy we have to keep move . fred can we have Evan look at he ? lloyd no , no -- I be good . margy I be sorry , Fred . margy clap she hand together , strict . fred yes , I know , sister margy . ( to Lloyd ) thank you for be here , Lloyd . I be look forward to talk with you . I truly be . he look to margy . silence . fred ( cont 'd ) after this . everyone , this be Lloyd Vogel ! a wonderful writer . margy thank you , Fred . first ad okay , resetting . Fred move to he mark . margy ( to Lloyd ) step over here . first ad Roll sound . 31 . SOUND guy ( 0.c. ) speed . first ad Mark it . the loader snap the slate . first ad ( cont 'd ) and action . fred ( to camera ) do you know what this be ? it 's a tent . it 's something you can sleep in when you be camp , or just when you would like to sleep outdoors . let 's set it up . Fred take a couple pole and thread they through the nylon with ease . as he thread the third pole , the tent collapse . Lloyd smile . Fred maintain he focus . fred ( cont 'd ) let 's see . he try it again , use he body weight to jam the pole into the right place . the tent buckle again . Lloyd and member of the Crew giggle . margy and Bill look concerned . fred ( cont 'd ) mercy . Fred try again . same result . Fred 's sweaty and frustrated , but smile . fred ( cont 'd ) I can not -- I can not do it . it must take two grow - up to set up a tent . the tent completely collapse . first ad that 's a CUT . let 's go again . fred hold on please , I would like to watch it . Fred move to the monitor . he watch while everyone wait . margy come over to Fred . margy you know , we can pre-set a tent for you . fred no no , this be fine . I think we be good . Lloyd 's face say it all -- what the hell ? first ad okay , that 's lunch everybody . int . fred' office - later - day small and cluttere , with bamboo wallpaper . no desk . the wall be fill with art and child 's drawing send from all over the world . Fred settles into he chair as Lloyd flip on he tape recorder and take out a notebook . lloyd the tent . why do not you let they set it up for you ? fred Children need to know that even when adult plan thing , sometimes they do not turn out the way you have hope . lloyd uh-huh . fred you have get to keep try . Fred notice the ring on Lloyd 's finger . 33 . fred ( cont 'd ) how long have you be marry ? lloyd uh , eight year . fred oh , that 's a wonderful accomplishment . do you spouse have a name ? lloyd andrea . fred andrea . I have love to meet she one day . lloyd I be sure . ( then ) you have live in Pittsburgh you whole life ? fred I grow up not too far from here in a town call latrobe , but we have live here for quite some time , and we have raise we boy here . lloyd do you think live here make it easier or more difficult to be a celebrity ? fred a celebrity ? mercy . lloyd you do not consider yourself famous ? fred Fame be a four letter word , and like tape , or zoom , or face -- Lloyd blink at fred. fred ( cont 'd ) what ultimately matter be what we do with it . lloyd and what be you do with it ? 34 . fred we be try to give child positive way to deal with they feeling . Lloyd write that down . lloyd this will be a piece for a issue about heroes . do you consider yourself a hero ? fred I do not think of myself as a hero . no , not at all . lloyd what about '' mister Rogers ? '' be he a hero ? fred I do not understand the question . lloyd there 's you , Fred , and there 's the character you play , mister Rogers . Fred narrow he eye , study Lloyd , really take he in . fred you say it be a play at the plate . that 's what happen to you ? Lloyd force a polite smile . fred ( cont 'd ) what do happen to you , Lloyd ? Fred 's eye be lock on Lloyd . Lloyd hesitates , then -- lloyd I get into a fight . fred oh my . who do you get into a fight with ? lloyd it 's not important . Lloyd chuckle . Fred do not . lloyd ( cont 'd ) Jerry . 35 . fred and who be Jerry ? lloyd my father . fred oh my . lloyd I would rather not talk about it . fred what be you and you father fight about ? lloyd I be here to interview you , Mr. Rogers . fred well , that be what we be do , be not it ? Lloyd and Fred stare at each other for a uncomfortable moment . margy knock on the door frame . margy we be ready for you in studio B , Fred . fred okay , margy . lloyd I be sorry , I think we have twenty minute . Fred get up . fred May I take you picture , Lloyd ? I like to take picture of the people I meet so that I can show they to my wife joanne . Fred take out a camera and snap he photo . fred ( cont 'd ) thank you so much . I hope you 'il stick around . 36 . lloyd that 's it ? Fred exit . int . wqed - studio - neighborhood of make believe - later the whimsical fantasy land , craft in cardboard around a flimsy look castle . daniel stripe TIGER sit on the ledge of a large grandfather clock . Lady aberlin practice she line . Lloyd find Bill . lloyd hey -- I be gonna need more time with he . bill he 's a very busy man . lloyd you say twenty . that be not twenty . bill sorry , guy . lloyd come on , I do not want to have to write that Fred be unwilling to sit through a full interview . bill you just have a full interview . that 's what everyone get . the first ad step behind the monitor . first ad Daniel , you set ? daniel I be set . first ad thank you , Daniel . 37 . lloyd do she just talk to the puppet ? bill Daniel be not just a puppet . Daniel be fred. Fred be Daniel . lloyd uh ... you mean -- bill please stop talk . first ad trolley -- action . the trolley come out of the tunnel and into the Neighborhood of make believe . trolley toot toot ! it glide by Lady aberlin , who spray a vintage perfume atomizer around the castle and the leafy tree . she sniff between spray as she approach Daniel 's clock . daniel hello , Lady aberlin . lady aberlin oh -- hi , Daniel . daniel be you make that funny smell ? lady aberlin uh , you mean that skunk kinda smell ? Lloyd watch as -- Fred crouch under the scenery , he hand reach up into the Daniel stripe Tiger puppet . Fred strain to stay crouch . he look feeble . lady aberlin ( cont 'd ) no , I be try to help that smell go away . daniel by squirting another smell ? 38 . lady aberlin that 's right . a sweet smell smell . wanna smell ? daniel okay . she spray , and Daniel take a few sniff . daniel ( cont 'd ) hmm -- that do smell good . lady aberlin where do the bad smell come from ? daniel that be mister skunk . he get scared and he just spray this smell -- all over I . lady aberlin oh no . do he say he be sorry ? daniel no , and -- Fred 's voice crack . he teeter , power through he obvious discomfort . daniel ( cont 'd ) -- that make I so very mad , and I do not know what to do ! Lady aberlin take Daniel 's little hand . lady aberlin oh , Daniel . the band start in . lady aberlin ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) what do you do with the mad that you feel ? when you feel so mad you could bite . Lloyd grit he tooth , take quick and shallow breath . daniel ( singing ) when the whole wide world seem oh so wrong , and nothing you do seem very right . 39 . lady aberlin ( singing ) what do you do ? do you punch a bag ? do you pound some clay or some dough ? do you round up friend for a game of tag or see how fast you go ? Lloyd watch Fred sing as Daniel . daniel ( singing ) I can stop when I want to . can stop when I wish . can stop , stop , stop anytime . on Lloyd , overwhelm . int . esquire magazine - ellen 's office - day Lloyd sit across from ellen , frustrated . lloyd I just do not know if he 's for real . ellen that 's not for you to say , Lloyd . lloyd I think with a few more interview - ellen no , no , no . I tell you , this be not a exposé . just please , put pen to paper . a couple funny anecdote . keep it simple -- ell I can not do that , ellen . he 's a lot more complex than I think -- ellen he 's a child 's entertainer . this be not mikhail Gorbachev we be talk about . lloyd I do not think you understand what you be ask of I . ellen I be ask you to do you job , now get out of here and come back to I when you have you first draft . 40 . Lloyd simmer . int . lloyd be loft - day Lloyd sit on the floor close to the tv , one hand on the vcr . a box of tape be beside he . the volume be low . on screen : the arsenio hall show arsenio hall give Fred , late 60 , one of he trademark leather jacket . his house band play the Neighborhood theme song . Fred put on the jacket -- and the audience chant : woof - woof - woof ! arsenio hall ( on screen ) now , this give new meaning to '' boy in the hoooood ! '' Fred laugh and clap along . the audience be go nut . Lloyd chuckle . arsenio hall ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) we will be back with mister Rogers ! Lloyd fast forward until -- arsenio hall ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) can we talk about kid , just for a minute , kid today . um . ya know , we all grow up with you . and uh , I see thing go on out there , kinda worry I . I wish uh more people would watch mister Rogers - — andrea 's key rattle and she come in the front door -- gavin in a wrap on she chest , grocery in both hand . andrea hey . lloyd hey . Lloyd do not budge . andrea how would it go ? 41. lloyd he 's just about the nicest person I have ever meet . andrea when you say that it do not sound like a compliment . arsenio hall ( on screen ) there 's a attitude out there , there 's some thing go on , there 's a lot of hopelessness . what do we need to do ? fred ( on screen ) there be no simple answer of course , but if we could , through television program , as well as every other imaginable program , let people know that each one of we be precious . arsenio hall ( on screen ) it all start in the home . we can never underrate how important that be . miniature lloyd 's loft the sun set over Lloyd 's loft . int . lloyd be loft - late night Lloyd stare at the tv . Dark circle under he eye . on screen : little consumer Old , black and white footage . a much young Fred sit at he piano , give a interview right to the camera . fred ( on screen ) I do not think that anybody can grow unless he really be accept exactly as he be . because if somebody be always say to a child '' uh you be go to grow up and you be go to be fine . '' so much of that in this country anyway . andrea bring gavin to Lloyd . 42 . andrea it 's you turn . lloyd yup . she go back to bed . fred ( on screen ) you know , that a child be appreciate for what he will be not for what he be . he will be a great consumer someday . and so , the quick we can get they to grow up and the quick we can get they out of the nest , so that they will go out and buy . Lloyd rock gavin . on screen : senate chamber 1969 Fred , 40 , sit behind a microphone at a hearing . narrator ( on screen ) ( v.o. ) in 1969 , the US Senate consider a bill that would cut funding for the newly form Corporation for Public Broadcasting . at stake be a grant for nearly twenty million dollar . senator pastore ( on screen ) will it make you happy if you read it ? fred ( on screen ) I would just like to talk about it , if it 's all right . on we program , we deal with such thing as -- as the inner drama of childhood . we do not have to bop somebody over the head to make drama on the screen . we deal with such thing as get a haircut , or the feeling about brother and sister , and the kind of anger that arise in simple family situation . I think that it 's much more dramatic that two man could be work out they feeling of anger -- much more dramatic than show something of gunfire . 43. senator pastore ( on screen ) do you narrate it ? fred ( on screen ) I be the host , yes . and I do all the puppet and I write all the music , and I write all the script -- Lloyd bounce gavin , but he do not look at he . he 's absorb in the tv . gavin fuss . lloyd ( to gavin ) shhh shh . it 's okay little guy . fred ( on screen ) could I tell you the word of one of the song , which I feel be very important ? senator pastore ( on screen ) yes . fred ( on screen ) it start out : '' what do you do with the mad that you feel ? '' and that first line come straight from a child . '' when you feel so mad you could bite . when the whole wide world seem oh so wrong , and nothing you do seem very right . what do you do ? do you punch a bag ? do you pound some clay or some dough ? do you round up friend for a game of tag or see how fast you go ? it 's great to be able to stop when you have plan the thing that 's wrong . and be able to do something else instead -- and think this song . '' Fred be impassion . his voice , clear and strong . fred ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) '' I can stop when I want to . can stop when I wish . can stop , stop , stop anytime . and what a good feel to feel like this ! and know that the feel be really mine . know that there 's something deep inside that help we become what we can . ( more ) 44 , fred ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) for a girl can be someday a lady , and a boy can be someday a man . '' all the attention turn to Senator pastore . senator pastore ( on screen ) well -- I be suppose to be a pretty tough guy , and this be the first time I have have goose bump for the last two day . the crowd laugh . fred ( on screen ) well , I be grateful , not only for you goose bump , but for you interest in -- in we kind of communication . senator pastore ( on screen ) I think it 's wonderful . it 's wonderful . look like you just earn they they twenty million dollar . the crowd applaud . Lloyd pause the vcr , capture Fred , smile . CUT to : on screen : the oprah winfrey show oprah , at she 1980 peak , interview Fred . oprah what do you think be the biggest mistake people make in raise they child ? fred uh , not to remember they own childhood . oprah yeah . fred I think that the best thing that we can do be to think about what it be like for we , and know what we child be go through . 45 . oprah but you know what , it 's so hard once you get to be a parent , you always say ' I will never do this 's when you mother be do it to you , or you father be do it to you , you say I will never do this to my child , and then you get to we age and you forget what it be like to be this size . you really do forget . fred but that child can help be - envoke what it be like . and that 's why when you be a parent you have a new chance to grow . oprah you do . do you ever -- I can not imagine -- I know you be the father of two boy , but I can not imagine you ever have a problem with you child . you ever have any ? fred well , of course . I be a human be just like everybody else . Lloyd stare down at gavin , who be now sound asleep -- something well within he . ext . lloyd 's apartment - continuous Lloyd look out the window . Jerry 's cadillac be go . montage the research clip continue -- but now they be speed up and shifting -- as if they be worm into Lloyd 's consciousness . - Daniel the stripe Tiger sit on the clocktower wave . daniel hello , Lloyd - Fred testify before Congress in 1969 . his voice , clear and strong . 46 . fred ( on screen ) I can stop when I want to . can stop when I wish . can stop , stop , stop anytime . and what a good feel to feel like this ! and know that the feel be really mine . - King Friday call from the castle . king friday what be you afraid of ? distorted image float in , menace and surreal -- - Lloyd slam the door in Jerry 's face . - Fred 's crouch down , sing as Daniel . he look up directly at lloyd . - Fred take picture and picture after picture . - Jerry appear dress as Mr. mcfeely jerry speedy Delivery ! - Daniel the stripe Tiger sleep . as he roll over , he become Lloyd . a ringing phone bring we to -- int . lloyd 's loft - early morning Lloyd and andrea be asleep . the house phone ring , waking they . andrea answer . andrea hello ? fred ( 0.c . ) oh my , I wake you up . be this andrea ? andrea yes ? fred ( 0.c . ) this be Fred Rogers . andrea smile , star-struck . 47 . andrea oh hile ! lloyd who be it ? andrea uh , Lloyd 's right here . intercut : int . fred' apartment - kitchen - morning Fred 's dress for the day . fred andrea , while I have you , I just want to thank you so much for share Lloyd with we . andrea um . you be welcome ? fred it can not be easy -- with he travel , what with gavin at home . andrea thank you for say that . I will give you to Lloyd now . ( to Lloyd ) mister Rogers know my name ! she hand Lloyd the phone . lloyd this be Lloyd . fred you leave without get to say goodbye so I be glad we get to continue to talk . I be go to New York City today to film and joanne be come with I , so we think you might like to come down and say hello . lloyd uh -- the sound of a string quartet take we to -- 48 . int . concert hall - day a crew film the quartet as they play beautifully . Fred sit on a stool nearby , listen with abandon . a bright smile on he face . all the seat be empty except for Bill and Lloyd , in the back row . lloyd how much time will I get with he today ? Bill shrug . bill you be here because Fred want you here . lloyd honore . bill he like everybody , but he love people like you . lloyd people like I ? bill I have read you work . you do not really care for humanity , do you ? lloyd I be just do my job . bill I insisted he read you before we agree . lloyd and do he ? bill every article we could find . the song end and Fred clap . fred oh thank you . that make I wanna get up and do a little dance . 49 , ext . new york STREET - moment later a crowd have gather around the theater door . Lloyd watch as Fred patiently meet everyone , listen deeply to each person . Bill be by he side . fred hello everybody . Nice to see you . joanne , a older woman with short gray hair sidle up next to Lloyd . joanne I call this move the handshake handoff . a woman talk to Fred as he shake she hand . Bill put he hand on both of they hand and shake in rhythm -- and then suddenly the woman be shaking Bill 's hand , as Fred move on to the next person . lloyd quite a skill . joanne we steal Bill from the governor 's office fourteen year ago . have you get to know he yet ? lloyd Love Bill . Big fan . joanne he 's very protective of roge . lloyd you call he roge ? joanne we do not call he mister Rogers at home , dear . she put out she hand . joanne ( cont 'd ) joanne Rogers . lloyd oh , nice to meet you . 50 . joanne you as well , dear . lloyd how do it feel to be marry to a live saint ? joanne 's smile drop . joanne I be not fond of that term . lloyd uh huh . joanne if you think of he as a saint , then he way of be be unattainable . he work at it all the time . it 's a practice . he 's not a perfect person . he have a temper . he choose how he respond to that anger . lloyd that must take a lot of effort . joanne well , he do thing every day that help ground he . he read scripture , he swim lap . he pray for people by name . write letter - - hundred of they . he 's be do that since I meet he . Fred walk up . fred ( to joanne ) my love . he kiss she on the cheek . joanne bye , my love . fred we will see you in just a few hour . Fred turn he attention to Lloyd . fred ( cont 'd ) I think we might spend some time together , Lloyd . 51 . Lloyd follow Fred down the street . int . subway car - day the door slide open . the car be fill with school kide of all kind . Fred get on . Lloyd follow . lloyd do you always take the subway ? fred joanne and I have a small apartment here . it 's just a few stop away . it 's the easiest way to get around sometimes . Fred sit down , and Lloyd dive in . lloyd so -- you have cover some heavy stuff , especially for a show aim at child . fred I be glad you have a chance to view we program . lloyd death , divorce , war . it get dark . pause . fred you know , Lloyd -- maggie Stewart teach I the most beautiful piece of sign language . Fred interlock he index finger . fred ( cont 'd ) it mean '' friend . '' be not that perfect ? lloyd who 's maggie Stewart ? the School kid have recognize Fred . they whisper . Lloyd notice , uncomfortable . 52 . one kid start to sing . kid ( singing ) it 's a beautiful day in the neighborhood . then a few more join in . student ( singing ) a beautiful day for a neighbor . would you be mine ? could you be mine ? Fred laugh and sing along . the entire car join in . everyone ( singing ) it 's a neighborly day in this beauty wood . a neighborly day for a beauty . would you be mine ? could you be mine ? on Lloyd , frustrated , notebook out and empty . int . fred be NYC apartment - day cramped and dusty . Fred and Lloyd sit uncomfortably close together -- for Lloyd . Lloyd 's recorder be out and run . a suitcase rest at Fred 's foot . Fred smile . lloyd seem like all this people line up to tell you they problem . fred be not it wonderful ? such bravery . lloyd seem like that would be a incredible burden on you . fred I be grateful that you would say that , Lloyd . I be grateful for you compassion . lloyd be it a burden on you ? 53 . pause . lloyd ( cont 'd ) okay . let 's assume it be a burden on you . fred there 's no normal life that 's free from pain . lloyd how do you deal with it ? fred oh , there be many thing you can do with you feeling that do not hurt yourself or anybody else . lloyd yeah , like what ? fred why , you can pound a lump of clay . or swim as fast as you can swim . or play the lowest key on the piano all together . ( then ) boom boom - boom lloyd do you ever talk to anyone about the burden you carry ? Fred pretend to slam the key . fred boom . Lloyd blink , startle . the recorder run with a faint electronic hiss . Fred look up , deliberate . fred ( cont 'd ) would you like to meet my friend from the Neighborhood of make believe ? Fred open the suitcase , revealing several puppet . lloyd they look like they have see better day . 54 . fred they have be with I quite a long time . lloyd you ever think of swapping they out or get new one ? fred do not you have any special friend when you be very young , Lloyd ? lloyd special friend ? fred maybe a special toy , or a stuff animal you love very much ? even when it get ratty and well - wear , you just love it all the more ? lloyd I do not know , I be sure I do . fred can you tell I about you special friend ? lloyd uh -- I think I have a rabbit . fred do you rabbit friend have a name ? lloyd it be just rabbit -- a real memory rush in , dislodge from somewhere deep . lloyd ( cont 'd ) it be Old rabbit . Fred lean in . fred who give you Old rabbit ? Lloyd glare at Fred . lloyd my mom . fred she must love you very much . 55 . lloyd that she do . she die when I be young . fred I be sure that if she see you today , see the person you have become , she have be proud of you . lloyd I wanna get back to my question . fred you want to meet my special friend from the Neighborhood of make believe . lloyd no . I ask about the burden you carry . fred let 's see -- Fred scan he puppet one by one , choose he weapon carefully . first be the King Friday puppet . Fred do he voice , deep and majestic . king friday I be King Friday the thirteenth . Lloyd Vogel the journalist , I presume . Lloyd stare blankly at the puppet . Fred pick up Daniel stripe Tiger . fred ( in he own voice ) and here 's Daniel stripe Tiger . he 's often too shy to talk . ( to Daniel ) but that 's all right Daniel . ( to Lloyd ) have you meet Daniel ? Fred move closer to Lloyd , sit right next to he . lloyd no . not officially . Daniel turn to Lloyd . 56 . Fred speak in Daniel 's high , sweet voice . daniel I would like to meet Old rabbit . lloyd ( to Fred ) I do not want to talk about Old rabbit , I gotta say . fred ( to Daniel ) maybe Lloyd do not want to talk right now , Daniel . and that 's okay . Daniel hang he head . lloyd can you put the puppet down ? Fred oblige . fred what else would you like to discuss , Lloyd ? lloyd you stop make the show for three year in the mid-seventy . why do you quit ? fred at the time , I feel like the program have cover the main facet of childhood . lloyd and what bring you back ? money ? boredom ? fred my son have grow into teenager . and be struggle . we all be . I realize there be still much more to talk about . Lloyd lean in . finally something he can use . lloyd I can not imagine it be easy to grow up with you as a father . 57 . fred until recently , my eldest never tell people about I . he 's very private , and that 's okay . my young son -- he genuinely test I -- but eventually we find we way . I be so proud of they both . ( then ) but you be right , Lloyd -- it could not have be easy on they . thank you . thank you for that perspective . Lloyd sigh , frustrated . lloyd you be welcome . Fred wait patiently for the next question . Lloyd burn . fred be that not the answer you be look for ? be a parent do not mean be a perfect parent . you might be experience some of that now , with you son ? Lloyd and Fred stare at each other for a uncomfortable moment . fred ( cont 'd ) and , I have be think a great deal about you and you father . be you able to work through you disagreement ? lloyd this be ridiculous . Lloyd get up . fred where be you go , Lloyd ? lloyd we be do . thanks . it 's be a real pleasure . Lloyd walk out . fred mercy . 58 . ext . STREET - day Lloyd walk home , a mess . he scan the street for Jerry 's car , do not see it . what a relief . int . lloyd 's loft - day Lloyd enter . Jerry sit at the table next to andrea . behind they stand dorothy , hold gavin . we recognize she from the wedding , but now she 's dress down , natural . there 's food on the table . jerry hey hey . Lloyd drop he bag and key , furious . jerry ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , sit down . we cook you some take - out . andrea they bring pizza . andrea plead to Lloyd with she eye . just sit down . jerry Lloyd , this be dorothy . dorothy hello . Lloyd will not look at dorothy . jerry can not you just say hello ? where 's you manners ? dorothy I be sorry . we should just go . dorothy hand gavin to andrea . jerry ( to Lloyd ) I have a idea , okay ? ( more ) 59 . jerry ( cont 'd ) we would eat some food , and we have talk like people . I mess thing up at the wedding -- Lloyd say nothing . jerry ( cont 'd ) of course , you do not help , but I get it . Jerry 's anger 's burbling up , get the better of he . jerry ( cont 'd ) and then you let I sit out there in my car on the street . for two night . like I be homeless , like I be a bum -- dorothy ( to Jerry ) you be not help . jerry what 's the point ? he will not say a word . finally , Lloyd look at Jerry . lloyd you come here to introduce I to she , right ? jerry dorothy . Lloyd turn to dorothy . lloyd hi , dorothy . dorothy hello , Lloyd . dorothy say nothing . Lloyd turn back to Jerry . lloyd okay , you do what you come here to do . now I want you to leave . andrea Lloyd -- 60 . jerry I might never come back here , so please listen to I . dorothy and I have be together and in love for fifteen year . lloyd ( to dorothy ) he leave as soon as Mom get sick . do you know that ? he could not even wait for she to die . jerry she really do not want I there . lloyd because you be sleep around while she be die . jerry I know . it take I year to get myself together . dorothy be why I be stand here . she help I grow the hell up . andrea 's eye well . Lloyd just stare , then turn to dorothy . lloyd you know what they tell you about people die ? they tell you it 's peaceful . they just slip away . Mom scream as she go . you know that ? she scream until she pass out and then they come in and revive she and she go right back to it . Jerry 's hand go to he face -- he massage he jaw -- jerry Lloyd -- lloyd it be I and lorraine and the nurse ! sign the paperwork . put she in the ground . pack up the house . jerry hang on -- can we -- Jerry knead he thumb into he jaw . bead of sweat form on he forehead . 61 . jerry ( cont 'd ) my jaw -- Jerry slump forward in he chair , head hitting the table . plates crash . dorothy Jerry . jerry ! dorothy grab Jerry . andrea 's at the phone , dial 911 . Lloyd stand there , stare at Jerry , eye wide . completely freeze . he look over at andrea , talk hurriedly into the phone . he look at dorothy , push Jerry upright , slapping he face . andrea Lloyd , do something ! Jerry crumple to the floor , unconscious . int . hospital - intensive care unit - hallway - night Lloyd wait just outside Jerry 's room . he hear the doctor talk to Jerry and dorothy , who 's cry . it 's a blur of word . doctor ( 0.c . ) the cardiac mri reveal more extensive stenosis than we think ... a operation at this time ... the risk of infection alone ... at you age ... it 's not much of a conversation anymore ... we know we have be here ... jerry ( 0.c. ) I be just suppose to go home ? doctor ( 0.c . ) there be many option . you home be one of they ... i’1l have someone from hospice come in to walk you through it ... Lloyd walk down the hall , emotionally crumble . he push through the door and into the -- 62 . int . hospital - waiting room - continuous - night empty , except for andrea and gavin , asleep in he car seat . andrea you know anything ? Lloyd sit down , unable to answer . his heart be racing . he 's sweat . lloyd I hate hospital . andrea put she hand on the back of he neck . lloyd ( cont 'd ) you should go home . get he to bed . andrea I do not want to leave you here . Lloyd try to calm himself , but something 's not right . panic be grow , clouding he thought . lloyd I be not stay here . andrea okay . let 's all go together . lloyd no . I have to go to Pittsburgh . andrea right now ? lloyd I have to work . andrea with you dad like this ? lloyd I have a deadline . andrea I be pretty sure ellen will understand if you tell she what 's happen . lloyd I do not want to . I want to go to Pittsburgh . I want to do my job . ( more ) 63 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) this should not be a surprise to you . Lloyd walk toward the door . andrea move to block he . andrea do not talk to I like that . lloyd you seem to think that now that we have a kid , I should not care about thing I have always care about , just because you do not anymore . well , I still care about my work . andrea I never ask you to stop caring about you work . lloyd I have to go . andrea why ? everyone who be important be in this hospital right now . lloyd can not you be on my side for once ? you use to be on my side . andrea I be tell you -- because I amon you side , because I love you -- now be not the time to go work . a man pass in front of Lloyd . he look like Fred -- and he 's carry a bag with daniel TIGER peek out . Lloyd blink . be that Fred ? be that real ? lloyd I -- I need to go -- if I be go to make it to Pittsburgh by the morning . Lloyd leave , follow the man . andrea Fine . I be gonna go sit with you family , while you go . 64 . ext . hospital - night Lloyd rush out of the hospital , avoid a ambulance and stretcher on he way , he heart beat quickly , look -- int . new york port authority - night Lloyd spot the man with Daniel Tiger in he bag and follow he through the crowd -- through the maze of the bus terminal -- up escalator , and finally outside . ext . new york port authority - night buss idle . Lloyd scan until -- he spot the man get on a bus -- the destination : pittsburgh . int . greyhound bus - continuous Lloyd race onto the bus , look at the passengers . no Fred . the bus pull away . miniature pittsburgh the sun rise behind the skyline of Pittsburgh , the light reflect off the building , the river . a bus zoom over a bridge as the sun rise behind the skyline . ext . wqed - STREET - day Lloyd hurry up to a wqed -- everything look normal but the cloud might be make of cotton . and -- be the building make of balsawood ? int . woed - stage - day Lloyd rush into the stage to find margy and the rest of the crew set up for a episode . margy Lloyd . there you be . 65 . lloyd I need to talk to Fred . margy very funny , mister . get over there . we be ready to shoot . the first ad push Lloyd toward the light set . first ad right this way . lloyd what be I do here ? first ad you be in this episode , of course . wait over there . vibraphone music chime in . the first ad point Lloyd toward the front door of the set . first ad ( cont 'd ) sound speed . SOUND guy speed . first ad and .... action . Lloyd stand outside of the door . the first ad signal for he to knock . he do . Fred open the door , to a shell - shocked Lloyd . fred why , it 's my good friend , Lloyd Vogel . ( to the camera ) you remember Lloyd . Lloyd step onto the familiar landing of the familiar set . lloyd Fred -- I do not understand . ( then , look out ) can we stop ? 66 . fred be you feel unwell , Lloyd ? lloyd stop . stop ask I question . I ask you the question . fred on today 's program I think we would talk about hospital . Fred look out to the camera . and we -- fred ( cont 'd ) sometimes when someone be sick , they have to visit the hospital . lloyd I hate hospital . fred a hospital be a place where doctor and nurse work together to take special care of people who be sick or hurt . lloyd stop it . fred would you like to pretend we be at a hospital , Lloyd ? lloyd what ? CUT to : int . the neighborhood of make believe - day Lloyd pull back a curtain and peek out . he 's on the castle set and he 's SMALL . the size of a puppet . he take a step out . the trolley come roaring up to he . toot toot ! X the owl appear in he tree . 67 . X the owl hello , Old rabbit . suddenly , Lloyd have two rabbit ear . he tug at they . they be firmly attach to he skull . King Friday appear in a parapet . king friday Old rabbit , I presume . lloyd I be not -- I do not -- where 's Fred ? Lloyd start breathe hard . Daniel appear next to Lloyd . daniel I have be wait to meet you , Old rabbit . I be so happy you come for a visit . Lloyd look down and see Fred down below the set , he hand in the puppet . daniel ( cont 'd ) hello , Lady aberlin . andrea appear , dress as Lady aberlin . andrea well hello . hello , Old rabbit . lloyd oh my god . king friday we be discuss hospital . andrea well , a hospital be where you go when you body be hurt , but what do you do when you feeling be hurt ? a piano riff waft in ... daniel well , you talk about they . everyone you talk about they . andrea ( singing ) it 's good to talk . it 's good to say the thing we feel . lloyd what 's happen to I ? andrea ( singing ) it 's good to talk . we be much more real without the lock . Fred step out from behind the set . fred ( singing ) it 's good to talk . he look at Lloyd . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) go ahead . try say '' I like you . '' they all look at Lloyd . we hold for a painfully long beat , until -- lloyd ( to andrea ) I like you . fred ( singing ) I be sad . lloyd I be sad . fred ( singing ) I be angry . the music stop . Lloyd pause . he can not . fred ( cont 'd ) you be angry . when do you become angry ? do you remember ? do something happen ? int . dark stage - continuous Lloyd step towards a pool of light . 68 . CUT to : at its center , Lloyd 's mother , lila vogel , 45 , lie ina hospital bed . she smile when she see he . 69 . lila hey peanut . lloyd hi , Mom . lila I know you think you be do this for I . holding onto this anger . I do not need it . Lloyd begin to cry . fred ( 0.c. ) Lloyd ? int . wqed - mister rogers 's neighborhood set - day Lloyd lie on he back , unconscious , Fred and the Crew stand over he . fred Lloyd ? bill what happen ? margy I do not know . he just collapse . a schumann piano duet start with a jolt -- int . fred' apartment - bedroom - pittsburgh - day Lloyd spring up from a deep sleep , disorient . the piano be come from the other room . int . fred' apartment - hallway - pittsburgh - moment later Lloyd amble through slowly . he notice picture hang along wall . real people , all race , gender , age , ability . all smile . this be Fred 's friend . 70 . int . fred' apartment - live room - pittsburgh - day spacious and well appoint , but not showy in the least . the room be dominate by two grand pianos . joanne sit at the piano close to the window play effortlessly , she finger light on the key . Fred , sit at the other , not quite as good , but heartfelt , and keep up . Lloyd wander in . listen . joanne turn . they both turn they sheet music and continue , until -- Fred spot Lloyd . fred ( to Lloyd ) oh good , you be awake . joanne goodness , if I know you be there , I would have stop all the racket . lloyd no , no . that be beautiful . fred you must be very hungry . let I get my jacket , and we will go out . lloyd I should go . fred nonsense . Fred walk down the hallway . Lloyd stare at joanne -- not sure what to say . joanne you be really in it , mister . Fred walk back in with he jacket . fred how about some chinese food ? I love that spring roll . 71 . lloyd sure . as they go -- joanne tell andrea and gavin I say hello . int . chinese restaurant - later - day a hole in the wall . two couple and a SMALL family eat beside Fred and Lloyd . the waitress set down they food . Fred 's plate be pile high with vegetable . fred oh , look at that . thank you so much . lloyd you a vegetarian ? Lloyd bite into a egg roll . fred I just can not imagine eat anything with a mother . Lloyd laugh . lloyd Bill be right . you love people like I . fred what be people like you ? Lloyd be quiet . fred ( cont 'd ) I have never meet anyone like you in my entire life . lloyd Broken people . fred I do not think you be break . a long beat . fred ( cont 'd ) I know you be a man of conviction , a person who know what be wrong and what be right . ( then ) try to remember that you relationship with you father also help to shape that part . he help you become who you be . Lloyd shift uncomfortably . fred ( cont 'd ) would you do something with I , Lloyd ? a little exercise I like to do sometimes . Lloyd glance around -- everyone 's stare and lean 72 . in . Fred notice , but rather than whisper , he speak a little louder . fred ( cont 'd ) we will take a minute and think about all the people who ... love we into be . lloyd I can not do that . fred they will come to you . Lloyd take a deep breath . fred ( cont 'd ) just one minute of silence . Fred look at he watch . fred ( cont 'd ) let 's begin . as the minute pass -- Lloyd sniff . he sniff again . we realize that the whole restaurant be quiet . they be do it . and suddenly , Fred be look directly into camera and he gaze , effortlessly . all hold 73 . now Lloyd 's eye be welling . his face contort as the emotion build . for once , finally , Lloyd experience a brief moment of clarity . fred ( cont 'd ) thank you for do that with I . I feel so much better . Lloyd smile through he tear . he know what he have to do . miniature NYC airport a tiny plane touch down . ext . thompkin square park - night Lloyd walk with andrea , who hold a sleep gavin in a wrap . she 's still angry with he . lloyd so the way I leave -- andrea be mess up . lloyd yes . I should have call you . andrea you should not have leave . ( then ) the doctor come out look for you and I do not know what to tell she -- I do not know what to tell you dad . and of course I could not get a cab , so I take a train . at midnight . the way people be look at I with gavin . I be like ' somebody 's call child service . 's Lloyd look down . andrea ( cont 'd ) I know you be try to apologize , but that do not mean it get to be easy . they both smile . andrea exhales . 74 . lloyd I realize now -- that I need to deal with my -- feeling . on andrea , do he say feeling ? lloyd ( cont 'd ) when I be scared -- which I be in the hospital and have be for a long time , I guess -- I just get really angry . andrea mmhmm . Lloyd fight for the word , struggle . lloyd and -- I know , it 's a way of say I can not deal with this -- leave I alone . and that 's not what I want . Lloyd hold back tear . lloyd ( cont 'd ) it 's the opposite of what I actually want . you and gavin be -- I do not want to push you away . you be what I want . andrea tear up . Lloyd hold she . they both cry . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . ( then ) I need to go see Jerry . he 's ... die . say it be hard . andrea I know . int . fred be home - bedroom - early morning Fred kneel , praying beside he bed . fred celia sherman . colby dickerson -- 75 . int . pittsburgh jcc - morning Church - like silence hang over the Olympic size pool . the water be completely still , like glass . Fred step to the edge , in he speed - of and swim cap . he fit he goggle into place . fred ( 0.c. ) Justin cook . he dive in . his movement be smooth . his arm knife through the water , foot churn behind he . he reach the edge and then kick off -- whoosh -- glide back to where he start . ext . jerry and dorothy's house - elizabeth , NJ - day in the back of a taxi , Lloyd eye the small house with Jerry 's cadillac park in the driveway . fred ( 0.c. ) Lloyd Vogel . andrea Vogel . gavin Vogel . Jerry Vogel . Lloyd get out , walk up the path , and ring the bell . he wait a moment . fred ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) thank you , God . dorothy answer . she 's in a housecoat , no make up . after a long silence -- dorothy come in . int . jerry and dorothy's house - live room - day Jerry 's lie in a hospital bed , asleep . Lloyd take a long look . like this , Jerry look so small and old . dorothy whisper . 76 . dorothy he will be so happy you be here . lloyd no , do not wake he up . int . jerry and dorothy's house - kitchen - day Lloyd and dorothy sip tea and poke at a plate of cheese and cracker . a beat . dorothy he still eat like a teenager . cold cut and sugar cereal . stubborn goat . least you come by it honestly . lloyd do you know about I and my sister ? dorothy not until very recently . lloyd what about my mom ? dorothy when he get sick last year -- after the first episode -- he start to talk -- to tell I thing I wish he have tell I a long time ago . dorothy ( cont 'd ) do not budge . she step out , then come back with a scrap book . lloyd what 's this ? dorothy everything you ever write . he keep it in he trunk so I would not see it . when they tow the car here , I find it . he turn the page . article after article . cut out and file . 77 . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - guest room - night Lloyd sit in the sofa bed , laptop out . he 's type furiously . int . jerry and dorothy's house - live room - later the tv 's on . Jerry sit up , watch , sip oj through a straw . Lloyd 's beside he . jerry we get bourbon , you know . someone should drink it . lloyd no thanks . jerry not even beer ? lloyd do you have a beer ? yeah , I would drink a beer if it make you happy . jerry no . I do not have a beer . and do not do it because it have make I happy . do it cause you wanna do it . lloyd you do not have a beer and I do not want a beer . jerry so do not drink anything . dehydrate . after a long beat . jerry ( cont 'd ) I be try . lloyd no , I be try . a beat . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I do not like alcohol . jerry because I drink ? 78 . lloyd probably . ( then ) yes . jerry oh , you be some pain in the ass . lloyd I do not like cadillac either . jerry you be gonna give I another heart attack . both man crack a smile . ext . jerry and dorothy's house - front yard - night Lloyd lift luggage out of the trunk while andrea wait with gavin . he kiss andrea I definitely break the pack not play . it just snap like a chicken bone . ( then ) how be he ? lloyd he seem fine , but I do not know . they do not put a hospital bed in you live room if you be fine . ( then ) thank you for come . she . lloyd ( cont 'd ) you be gonna love the sofa bed . andrea yeah ? lloyd no . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - guest bedroom - late night Lloyd and andrea be asleep . gavin cry . 79 . Lloyd get up , and take gavin into -- int . jerry and dorothy 's house - kitchen - late night Lloyd hold gavin in one arm while he pull a bottle from the fridge . he put it in a pot with water and set it on the stove . the only light come from the burner . lloyd shhh . shhh . as the bottle heat , Lloyd sit down with gavin . he sway he side to side . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I know , you wish it be you mom who be awake right now . but we be gonna let she sleep , okay ? I be gonna get better at this . and we be go to have to get use to each other . slowly , quietly , only for gavin -- Lloyd stumble he way through the mister Rogers song -- lloyd ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) I like you as you be exactly and precisely I think you turn out nicely gavin begin to settle . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I like you as you be without a doubt or question -- suddenly Lloyd realize -- gavin be look right at he . jerry ( 0.c ) who 's that ? dorothy ? int . jerry and dorothy 's house - live room - continuous Lloyd emerge with gavin hold he bottle to find he father awake in he hospital bed . lloyd what ? be you okay ? 80 . jerry I be fine . lloyd it 's four in the morning . jerry I do not sleep much this day . Jerry nod at gavin . jerry ( cont 'd ) you do not sleep either , do ya ? ( then ) I never do this with you . up in the middle of the night , do the mom thing . lloyd it 's not a mom thing . jerry you know what I mean . the moment hang . lloyd you should rest . jerry no , stay . Lloyd put gavin in the car seat , and sit next to Jerry . jerry ( cont 'd ) hey , right back there . lloyd what ? Jerry nod toward a side table . jerry grab two glass . lloyd I do not think that 's the best idea . jerry how do you know ? you do not drink . ( then ) come on . 81. lloyd Fine . Lloyd pour two glass -- a thimble in he own . jerry now we be talk . lloyd cheer . they clink . Lloyd take a drink and cough . Jerry laugh . the moment hang , then -- jerry Lloyd -- Jerry inhale . jerry ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I leave you and you sister . it be selfish . and it be - - cruel . Lloyd look at he foot . jerry ( cont 'd ) will you look at I ? Lloyd look at Jerry . jerry ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry , son . Lloyd and Jerry sit in silence , until -- jerry ( cont 'd ) it 's not fair , you know ? I think I be just now start to figure out how to live my life . Jerry 's eye pool with tear . jerry ( cont 'd ) I have always love you . Lloyd smile through he tear , take he father 's hand . lloyd I love you too , dad . Lloyd look directly at he father , really see he . 82. gavin stir . Lloyd pick he up and bring he to Jerry . Jerry grab gavin 's toe . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - SUN room - day Lloyd pace , bounce gavin , while andrea read a draft of Lloyd 's article . she make a noise . lloyd what ? andrea shhh . lloyd it 's stupid . andrea shhhh ! finally , andrea finish . andrea ( cont 'd ) it 's like ten thousand word . lloyd yeah . andrea and it 's not really about mister Rogers . lloyd I know . andrea I mean it be , but it 's -- so you . you never talk about this stuff . lloyd no . andrea smile . andrea it 's good . lloyd yeah ? andrea yeah . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - guest room - day Lloyd pick up the telephone . ellen ( 0.c. ) Lloyd . 83 . intercut : int . esquire magazine - ellen 's office - day ellen talk at she desk , almost annoyed . ellen I love it . Lloyd 's face brighten . lloyd ( 0.c . ) you do ? ellen yes . it 's go to be the cover . do not tell anyone I tell you . lloyd I do not deserve you . ellen no you do not . she hang up . int . printing PRESS - day esquire Magazine get print . the cover -- a disarming , smile portrait of Fred in he red cardigan . the title read -- can you say ... hero ? the magazine be box and load onto truck . 84 . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - live room - day Jerry read Lloyd 's article in esquire , a stack of they be by the front door . Lloyd sit beside he , look on nervously . Jerry snort . Lloyd smile . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - day Lloyd hug lorraine and Todd by the front door . lloyd okay right off the bat -- about the wedding -- lorraine whatever . it be the most entertaining one yet . ( then ) I be just glad you be here . lorraine head inside , leave Todd and Lloyd face off . Lloyd put he hand out . a peace offer . Todd slap he on the shoulder and enter . int . jerry and dorothy's house - day Lloyd , andrea , lorraine , Todd , and dorothy have gather around Jerry 's bed . he 's more gaunt now , and he color have change . he 's not eat anymore . lloyd ( to lorraine ) do not go to martha 's vineyard . lorraine why not ? it 's my honeymoon . I deserve it . todd absolutely you do . lloyd it 's not a question of entitlement . you be not gonna like it . ( more ) 85 . lloyd ( cont 'd ) it 's a buncha rich jerk and it will be freezing . you be gonna freeze to death with rich jerk . there 's a knock on the door . Lloyd spring up . lloyd ( cont 'd ) I will get it . jerry who 's here ? Lloyd open the door . fred ah , I be in the right place . Lloyd . Lloyd return with Fred carry a pie , everyone freeze . dorothy Holy crap . Fred laugh . andrea rise , receive the pie . fred andrea ? andrea hello Fred . fred its such a pleasure to finally see you . andrea ( be : pie ) can I take this for you ? fred oh , thank you . everyone be wide eye , freeze , take in the celebrity in they house . todd hello , mister Rogers . fred hello . lorraine nudge he . 86 . Fred lean over to gavin . fred ( cont 'd ) and hello gavin , I hope you and I can be friend someday . Fred approach Jerry . fred ( cont 'd ) mister Vogel , may I call you Jerry ? jerry yes sir , you certainly may . he reach out and shake Jerry 's hand , who be touch . int . jerry and dorothy 's house - live room - later Fred and the vogel eat pie . they sit on couch and chair around Jerry . fred Lloyd , joanne adore you article . as do I . lloyd I be so glad . fred andrea , be you feel more ready about daycare ? andrea a little . maybe . Lloyd give andrea a look . andrea ( cont 'd ) what ? you be not the only one who talk to Fred . todd hey mister Rogers , be it true you be a sharp shooter ? jerry a navy seal ! fred no , I be afraid not . 87. lorraine what kind of a insane question be that ? todd I hear it . dorothy ( to andrea ) where do you guy go on you honeymoon ? andrea we elope in maui , so we be kinda already on we honeymoon . lorraine I woulda go . lloyd you be not invite . jerry Lloyd 's embarrassed by we . Lloyd bristle a bit . jerry ( cont 'd ) I be kid . lloyd I know . lorraine maybe we do a family vacation instead . what do you think , dad ? should we dip we toe in the ocean together ? dorothy I like the sound of that . jerry crash you honeymoon ? Count I in . if I be still here . Lloyd , andrea , and Todd look at they plate , uncomfortable . nobody be say what they be actually think . Fred smile . 88. fred you know , death be something that many of we be uncomfortable speak about . but , to die be to be human . and anything human be mentionable , and anything that be mentionable be manageable . lorraine look at Jerry , tear form . fred ( cont 'd ) anything mentionable be manageable . int . jerry and dorothy's house - later - continuous Fred 's get he camera out , and the family be stand together around Jerry 's bed . jerry you gotta send I a copy . fred joanne will be so happy to see this . todd it would be so much cooler if he be in it . lorraine shhh . Fred snap the photo . fred thank you . ( then ) I should be go . lloyd I ’1l1 walk you out . Fred kneel down , incredibly close to Jerry , and whisper something to he . jerry you can count on it . fred thank you . 89 . ext . jerry and dorothy's house - STREET - dusk Fred and Lloyd walk to the curb where Bill wait with a town car . lloyd hey -- what do you say to Jerry ? fred I ask he to pray for I . lloyd for you ? fred I figure anyone who 's go through what he 's go through must be awfully close to God . Fred get into he seat . Bill shut the door . bill Lloyd . lloyd Bill . bill read the article . lloyd and ? Bill make the faintest possible approve nod . Lloyd look at Fred who be sit in the passenger seat . as they start to drive off Fred make the sign for '' friend '' . Lloyd , despite himself , give it back . Fred and Bill drive off . the vibraphone take we to -- ext . mister rogers 's neighborhood - yard - day Fred sit on a grassy patch next to a house . he talk to camera , slow and introspective . fred when I be very young I have a dog that I love very much . her name be mitzi . ( more ) 90 . fred ( cont 'd ) and she get to be old , and she die . I be very sad when she die , because she and I be good pal . and when she die , I cry . and my grandmother hear I cry , I remember , and she come and just put she arm around I , because she know I be sad . she know how much I love that dog . and my dad say we would have to bury mitzi , and I do not want to . I do not want to bury she because I think I have just pretend that she be still alive . but my dad say that she body be dead and we would have to bury she . so we do . Soft music start . fred ( v.o. ) ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) sometimes people get sad and they really do feel bad , but the very same people who be sad sometimes be the very same people who be glad sometimes . miniature new jersey a toy hearse drive slowly through the town , eventually pull up to a wood cemetary . fred ( singing ) ( v.o. ) it 's funny but it 's true it 's the same , be not it for I and - we push into -- ext . cemetary - day Lloyd , andrea , dorothy , lorraine and Todd be gather around Jerry 's casket , as the priest pray . fred ( singing ) ( v.o. ) sometimes people be good and they do just what they should but the very same people who be good sometimes be the very same people who be bad sometimes 91 . the prayer end . everyone stand , share a hug or a supportive arm . ext . cemetery - later as the guest trickle off , andrea find Lloyd with gavin in a wrap on he chest . she hold a bouquet of flower . fred ( singing ) ( v.o . ) it 's funny , but it 's true it 's the same be not it , for I be not it the same for you ? Lloyd and andrea walk together , through the stone . lloyd you know -- maybe I can slow down for a few month . andrea what do you mean ? lloyd stay home with gavin . let you get back to work , without worry about daycare . I want to . andrea fold into Lloyd as they walk . andrea really ? you ? Lloyd nod . lloyd gavin and I already discuss and we both agree . andrea take Lloyd 's arm . they walk down the path , together . a piano trill take we back to -- miniature neighborhood we move through the blue sky and dip down to the little yellow house -- one last time . int . woed - mister rogers ' neighborhood set - day Fred sit with he wooden board with a pattern door for each of he friend . 92 . he look at Lloyd 's photo -- bruise and bloody fred welcome back , neighbor . I hope you know that you have make this day a special day , by just you be you . there 's no person in the whole world like you , and I like you , just the way you be . ( then ) I be glad I have the opportunity to tell you about my friend Lloyd , and he family . I have a new picture of Lloyd and he family . would you like to see it ? Fred wait . fred ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l show it to you . Fred take out a photo . on a sunny beach -- Lloyd , andrea , lorraine and Todd huddle around dorothy , smile big . she hold gavin , who clutches old rabbit in he tiny hand . fred ( cont 'd ) that 's a nice picture . trolley ( 0.c. ) toot toot . the trolley pass by , then stop and come back . fred what 's that ? trolley toot. toot. toot. Fred chuckle -- trolley be such a kidder . fred oh , I will , thank you . the trolley speed away as the pianist noodle on the vibe . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) it 's such a good feel to know you be alive . it 's such a happy feel . Fred take off he blue boat shoe , one at a time . 93 . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) you be grow inside . and when you wake up ready to say ... he stand and unzip he Red cardigan , then move to the closet and open the door . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) " I think I will make a snappy new day . " Fred snap twice , once with each hand . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) it 's such a good feel , a very good feel , the feel you know that I will be back when the week be new . he carefully hang up the sweater , then pull he gray sport coat off a hanger . fred ( singing ) ( cont 'd ) and I will have more idea for you . and you will have thing you will want to talk about . I will too . he grab the board with window on it from the bench . fred ( cont 'd ) be back next time . he wave and move toward the front door . fred ( cont 'd ) bye bye . he go , smile . first ad that 's a CUT ! crew cut . we pull back to reveal the set and the Crew , who adjust light and reset the prop . Fred walk over to the monitor and watch playback with margy . Fred nod approvingly -- then walk over to the piano . 94 . he sit down , place he hand on the key , and begin to play a light melody . margy that 's a wrap . we be on location tomorrow at mister wagner 's shoe store . call time be eight am . ad have the call sheet . the band clear out . as the last of Crew exit , the sound grow darker , heavier . more emotional . the stage light shut off , leave Fred -- alone -- in the ghostly light . Fred find the lowest key and crescendo . emotion pour out of he . boom boom boom . he strike they one last time , let the sound fill the space . boom . he sigh , content . then he finger play across the key , morph into something brighter , more hopeful -- the close theme of mister Rogers 's Neighborhood . as Fred play we off , we -- pop to black : the end