" dish dog " by Ashley Scott meyer and Nathan ive original screenplay , pre-pre - preproduction November 1996 note : please excuse the format problem . fade in : int . restaurant - kitchen - night stainless steel wall and counter . dish clanging . steam and smoke rise . cook in a fury . waiter and waitress yell , frantically pick up they order . in the dish area the commotion continue as more waiter and waitress unload a endless supply of dirty dish . but on the other side of the dish counter there be order ; morgan wright stand in the " pit , " rack the dish with speed and precision , talk to the new guy . morgan dish wash be like life , once you get behind you can never catch up . Morgan spray down a rack of dish and launch it into the hobart ( dishwasher ) . Morgan be 23 year old , tall , thin , and wear the look of a Kennedy . morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) you have get to spray the dish down . this thing will sanatize them but it will not really wash them . you can not sacrifice quality for speed . and as the hobart spit out the clean dish , jason fletcher unload they . Jason 's a solid six foot , mature look for jason ( to the new guy ) be careful , if you hang out with he long enough you will learn to like he . morgan quiet please . Jason whisk a load of dish away . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : morgan ( cont 'd ) there 's just so many different little thing to this job . Morgan grab a dark green rack . morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) like this dark green rack be much better for this boat then the light green one . the light green one be better for plate . it 's just practice . it 's all practice . Morgan shove the dark green rack of " boat " into the hobart . waitress full wine glass . and the waitress flip the wine glass rack over to Morgan and he shove it into the hobart . kelly be it busy tonight ? morgan not really . with three of we , we should be able to toy with this . a waiter poke he head out of the office , yell : waiter Morgan , phone . int . restaurant - office Morgan sit at one of the desk talk into the phone . morgan you be still go through with it ? david ( v.o. ) yeah . can you believe that shit ? morgan " , .. and you shall change froma man with a future to a man with a past . " david ( v.o. ) no ... now I be a man with a future ... and a past ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : morgan we will be there Friday morning . int . restaurant - kitchen - dish area Morgan enter . Jason 's in the pit rack the dish . morgan David 's sell out . jason that 's a problem . they be really go to do it ? Morgan nod . jason ( cont 'd ) we go ? morgan yeah , to try and talk he out of it . another clean rack of dish exit the hobart . morgan ( cont 'd ) where 's the new guy ? jason I think he be with you . Jason yell across the kitchen to the manager : jason ( cont 'd ) where 's you boy ? worried , the manager move to the dish area . manager what would you mean ? morgan look like you lose another dish dog . manager what would you guy do to he ? jason ( yell ) have anyone see the new guy ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : waitress I see he walk out the back door . Jason pull the new guy 's abandon apron out of the linen bag and hold it up . Morgan and Jason laugh . manager shit ! Fucking dish dog ! can you guy stay for a few more day ? morgan sorry ... we get a execution to go to . fade to black and the dish Dog theme song start to play . it 's a upbeat , fast pace song about freedom and be on the open road . close on NORTH CAROLINA license plate : " dsh dog " ext . highway - dawn the license plate be attach to black beauty , a 1958 Ford , F - 100 , pick - up truck . Black beauty wear a rough coat of black paint and be miss all four hubcap . the truck race away from armorillo Texas , past the " leave armorillo " sign . int . truck Jason drive , while Morgan sit in the passenger seat read a beat up old map . jason you hungry ? morgan nope . Morgan highlight armorillo Texas . dozen of city in the Southwest have already be highlight . jason you get to go to the bathroom ? morgan no . we get to make it to Oklahoma City if we be go to make it by Friday . Jason look away . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : morgan ( cont 'd ) you go to see Molly ? jason probably not . ext . highway - day as the truck pass the " welcome to Oklahoma " sign . ext . highway - oklahoma - day the truck begin to lurch . int . truck Jason steer off to the side of the highway . morgan what 's the problem ? jason we be not out of gas ... it 's get to be the fuel pump . ext . truck Jason get out , immediately move to the side of the road to take a leak . Morgan open the hood and stare at the engine . Jason join Morgan and go to work . he pull off a hose from the engine and cover it with he thumb . jason try and crank it . Morgan get into the truck and turn the engine over . jason ( cont 'd ) that 's good . it 's the fuel pump . morgan can we fix it ? jason dude ... toy . Jason go to the back of the truck , open up a extensive tool kit and pull out another fuel pump . ext . truck - day as it drive through Oklahoma City . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . highway - day as the truck drive past the " enter Arkansas " sign . ext . little rock , arkansas - gas station - dusk Morgan pump the gas as Jason arrive at the truck carry a handful of snack . morgan what would you get ? jason nothin ' . Jason get back into the truck . morgan what would you spend ten buck on snack ? jason no , about eight -fifty . Morgan get back into the passenger seat and the truck lumber away . ext . truck - night as the truck drive over the Mississippi River , into Memphis , Tennessee . ext . truck - dawn as the truck continue East . ext . truck - day as the truck pass the " welcome to North Carolina - first in Flight " sign . ext . highway - NORTH CAROLINA - day a sign read : " Greensboro 13 " the truck drive by . ext . truck - day as the truck enter Greensboro . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . truck the temperature gauge near 240 degree . Morgan and Jason notice . morgan it 's get a little hot , be not it ? jason do not worry a thing about it . ext . greensboro - battleground road - day the truck maneuver through the bumper to bumper traffic . ext . greensboro - battleground road the truck turn off , into a upper-middle class neighborhood . ext . middle -class neighborhood the truck roll to a stop . Light steam rise out of the engine and green anti-freeze boil onto the street and run into the gutter . int . truck Jason pat the dashboard , say : jason this be a lot of truck for four - fifty . morgan touche 's . ext . truck as Morgan and Jason get out of the truck and walk toward the wright' house ; it 's white breed , middle - class America . int . wright house - day the vacuum roar . mrs . norma wright push it back and forth and as she turn she see Morgan and Jason stand in the doorway hold a few bag . Mrs . wright turn the vacuum off . morgan we come back for David 's wedding . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : mrs . wright you should have call . you father will be so happy you be home . morgan we be go back on the road in a few day . Morgan walk past Mrs. wright , up the stair . Jason follow , say : jason it 's good to see you again Mrs. wright . Mrs. wright nod and watch as they climb the stair . morgan ( 0.s. ) we will be back later . we be go to see the professor . ext . professor frost's house - day the truck rest on the street in front of professor frost 's house . frost 's house stand out from the other middle - class home , it 's more ... artsy . there 's a few piece of " modern art " littering the front lawn . morgan ( 0.s. ) dishwash be to I a soapy salvation , rejuvenation for my soul , recuperation from my upbringing , rejection of the bourgeoisie , reclamation of my will , and refuge from a teleological hurricane . int . professor frost's house - patio - day Morgan sit in a wicker chair . morgan ( continue ) with each dish I wash it 's one less tie I have to wear . with each pot I scrub it 's one less mortgage payment I have to make -- professor frost sit across from Morgan , smoking a pipe and drink orange juice from a glass bottle . he 's near 65 , bearded , and wear sandal and short . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) -- with each glass I rack it 's one less trip to disneyland I have to take with my ingrate child , and each time I crank up Black beauty , it 's one less car payment I have to make . Professor frost clap and laugh . frost how much longer do you think you can keep do it ? jason I think we could stay out there at least another couple of year . morgan about 37 state . maybe will hit Europe after that . we have cover almost the entire south , all the way out to the west coast . Morgan pull the map out of he backpack , carefully unfold it and lay it out on the coffee table in front of frost . frost I have get to tell you , when you pack out of here a year ago in that truck , I do not think you would make it past Georgia . it sound like you be really do what you want . Morgan and Jason smile , gloat . int . acura - dusk david alexander drive , blond hair , blue eye , conservative . shane martin , dark , near six foot and 220 pound sit in the passenger seat . shane so fella , what 's up ? Jason and Morgan be in the backseat . jason dish doggin ' it . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10. continued : shane yeah . how do you like it ? morgan it 's wet . shane yeah ... so fella , what 's the word ? morgan Marriage . shane we boy 's get marry . david be not that crazy ? it 's not scare I as much as it should . jason be it just a nightmare get everything together ? David look into the rear view mirror to check he hair ; it 's short , slicked back , all in place . david not for I . all the decision be pretty much make by Karen and my mom . jason be you family pretty excited ? david wedding be one big excuse for people to get piss off at each other . my mom and my dad 's mom have do nothing but yell at each other for a month . morgan what be they fight about ? david my grandmother be like , " why be not uncle Richard invite ? " and we be just like , " because we have not see he in fifteen year . " and then nanny , my mom 's mom , want to invite three of she friend , who we do not even know . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . continued : ( 2 ) david ( cont 'd ) and she go to Karen 's mom , who 's to nice to say " no , " so then my other grandmother want to invite some of she friend . General laughter . morgan how 's the job ? david I still like it . morgan I be not surprised . david ( ignore he ) I just finish my first audit . morgan be it as bad Granger say it would be ? david no , it be not that bad . it be not a unqualified report . jason ( to Shane ) how 's you job ? shane I fuck hate it . morgan what would you do ? shane Fucking fraud administrator ... yeah , I know it sound great but all I do be wait by my computer for someone to call I up and bitch I out . " I get a fuck sixty - thousand dollar phone bill . what the fuck be you go to do about it ? " morgan sixty -thousand dollar ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . continued : ( 3 ) shane sometimes more . people would steal that chip and duplicate they . there would be call to place like India . morgan any chick ? shane yeah , I strike out with this older lady . morgan how much older ? shane Fucking forty -two . morgan Shane ! what happen ? shane you know , we go out , seem to have a good time , and she avoid I from then on . jason dude , you should come with we on the road . morgan yeah , we will strap another chair in the back of the truck . shane I might just do that . david have you guy see the Professor ? morgan yeah , we be just there . shane so what 's up with he ? he just do not seem like a happy guy to I . morgan what be you talk about ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . continued : ( 4 ) shane I mean do he seem like a happy person to you ? morgan I do not think he care about be happy . there 's something much more important than that . he 's content . content to know that he 's live he life the way he want . he do not let woman or society trap he . morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) he 's about the only person I know that 's live they life with any semblance of free will . if that do not lead to happiness , it lead to a helluva lot more . Jason point at the street sign , say to David : jason take a leave up here . David get in the leave lane . jason ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) let 's do a drive through . shane you guy be back since graduation ? morgan / jason no . ext . guilford college road - night the acura turn onto guilford College Road . ext . guilford college " oldest co-e college in the country , found by the Society of Friends in 1848 , " read the sign at the entrance to campus . the acura drive past . int . acura David round the first turn in the campus road . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. continued : jason I guess there 's no student ? shane the Eastern Music Festival just end . jason just think , the people that be sophomore when we graduate be go to be the senior . Morgan consider this . morgan I do not want to talk about it . David stop the car in front of english hall . they stare at the building for a moment , remember . it 's a nondescript brick dormitory . jason we really think we be the shit . morgan how many time do we walk down that step ? jason a bunch . david let 's go see some tittys before we all get depressed . ext . guilford college David revs the engine and they be go . int . baby doll - night the fanciest strip club in Greensboro ; red carpet , brass railing , and monied redneck . and the girl : beautiful and plentiful ; give lap dance , stand at the bar count they tip , dance on one of the three stage , serve drink . it 's dark and the music blare and Jason and David sit by the main stage ogling linda lipp . the song end and the announcer come over the p.a.: ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . continued : announcer let 's have a big hand for Linda ! remember gentleman , this lovely lady only work for you tip , so bring out that wallet and show they you appreciation ... and now , you have see she in penthouse , you have see she on you t.v. , let 's have a big hand for ... sindee coxx . the light go down and the music go up , and then the spotlight find ... sindee coxx , as she run through the smoke in a cowboy costume , and jump onto the stage . bang ! bang ! as sindee let 's off a couple of round from she six -shooter . the music blare . the monied redneck start hootin ' and hollerin' . Shane and Morgan sit at a small table by themselves . a waitress approach they . waitress you guy need anything ? Morgan shake he head , look around , take it all in . shane I be good . at the stage Jason and David watch as sindee take off she chap to reveal only a g-string . David guzzle a beer as he stuff a dollar bill between sindee 's naked breast . at the table Morgan stare across the room . morgan check that out . Shane look , it 's a beautiful stripper give a lap dance to a heavy middle - age redneck . he attempt to fondle she and she playfully push he hand away . morgan ( cont 'd ) I wonder how much that cost ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . continued : shane you should ask she . David and Jason join Morgan and Shane . david that 's a lot of titty for a dollar . jason maybe we should call the girl and see if they want to join we . a waitress stop at the table carry a tray of shot in test tube top with cherries . waitress you want a body shot ? jason get whatever you want , this one 's on we . David wrap he arm around she waist and pull she close and whisper in she ear . she laugh and whisper something back . the music blare . the waitress put the test tube between she breast and bring David 's face to she chest and lean forward so he can swallow the drink . David smile and pull she closer . she take the cherry stem in she mouth and slowly feed he the cherry . David eat the cherry and smile in triumph . jason ( cont 'd ) Karen would be pretty pleased . david I be not marry yet ! waitress you want one ? Jason nod and turn and the waitress straddle he . she put the test tube between she breast and bring Jason 's face to she chest and lean forward so he can swallow the drink . she take the cherry stem in she mouth and slowly feed he the cherry . Jason pull $ 10 out of he back pocket and give it to the waitress . waitress ( cont ’d ) anyone else ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . continued : ( 2 ) shane no thanks . Morgan shake he head . the waitress leave . david Morgan , I be surprised you be not all over the body shot . morgan you should have ask she if she dance . David chug down another beer . Morgan look back to the lap dance only she 's go . the redneck recline by himself , enjoy the show . morgan ( cont 'd ) you guy about ready to go ? david we just get here . David get up and start walk toward the bar , only there 's a stage in front of he . he jump onto the stage and walk across , past a girl dance , and jump down on the other side , which be at the bar . Morgan and Jason share a look . jason what be that guy think ? morgan do not even worry about it , we be out of here . Morgan exit . at the bar a bouncer stare down at David . bouncer you need to calm the fuck down . ext . baby doll - parking lot - night as Morgan exit baby doll , he pass the beautiful stripper that he watch give a lap dance . her name be anne . they eye meet . as Morgan 's almost past she she say : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . continued : anne you get a cigarette ? Morgan stop , turn around . morgan no ... I do not smoke . anne oh ... okay . morgan I be think about start though . anne oh yeah , why be that ? morgan you know , you get to use a lot more of you sick day . you die earlier . and then I would have a cigarette when beautiful girl ask I for one . Anne smile and turn away from Morgan . Morgan walk to the acura and get in . a moment later Anne jump in after he . anne it 's cold out there . morgan it 's a hundred degree . anne it 's cold in here . morgan it 's a hundred degree in here , too . anne okay , you win , game over . my name 's Anne . she hold out she hand . Morgan shake it . morgan Morgan . and there 's a awkward silence . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . continued : ( 2 ) morgan ( cont 'd ) anyway . anne do not you friend lock the door ? morgan I leave it unlock so I have some place to go when I want to leave early . anne you be funny . morgan anyway ... anne stop say that , it 's make I feel like you do not want to talk to I . morgan I say it when I do not have anything to say . anne tell I how much you love I ... do not answer that . morgan anyway ... anne stop say that ! morgan okay ... do you like be a stripper ? anne I love it . I do not have to worry about what I be go to wear to work . morgan you be funny , too ... any -( stop himself ) do you make a lot of money ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : ( 3 ) anne not really . it 's like wait table , everyone like to talk about how much money they make , but it 's like four hundred on a good week , two hundred on a bad week . I be not go to get rich or nothing . morgan why do you do it ? anne this be such a easy job , I mean how hard be it to get up on stage and shake you breast around ? morgan I be not really sure . anne I only have to work about six hour a night . I need something with flexibility . and it do not bother I to show my breast to some horny old man . Anne pull up she shirt to expose she breast . go straight for they - and they be lovely . anne ( cont 'd ) breast be like a magnet to a man 's eye . I mean what 's the big deal ? she pull she shirt back down . morgan I do not understand it myself , but there 's just no ... " be there do that , " when it come to breast . anne so what do you do ? morgan I be a dishwasher . anne do you like it ? morgan it 's kind of a lifestyle choice . 20 . Morgan 's eye ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 . continued : ( 4 ) anne you have a girlfriend ? morgan do not you think a better question be whether or not someone consider I they boyfriend ? anne why ? morgan well , I mean , that answer you question a lot better . there could be a girl out there who I consider my girlfriend , but she do not think I be she boyfriend , or there could be a girl out there that think I be she boyfriend , but I do not really think of she as my girlfriend . it 's a perception thing . anne ( bewilder ) okay ... do someone consider you they boyfriend ? morgan well ... no . anne you like girl ? morgan no - I mean yes , I do . I resent it , but I do . anne I have to ask , I mean you be sit out here by yourself when you could be in there look at naked woman . morgan that 's alright . do someone consider you they girlfriend ? anne yeah . morgan oh . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 . continued : ( 5 ) anne the asshole should be here now , pick I up . morgan you go to marry he ? anne no ... I do not think so . there 's something miss . morgan miss ? like what ? anne I do not know ... we never talk like this . morgan what would you mean ? Anne think for a moment . anne like ... he might ask I if I like be a stripper but - but it would just end with my say " yes . " morgan why would you go out with he in the first place ? anne I be attract to he . you want to give I a ride home ? morgan how much ? anne how ... much ? and it dawns on Anne what Morgan be imply . anne ( cont 'd ) fuck you . I be not a whore . I just need a ride home . morgan I be sorry . anne I do not fuck for money . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : ( 6 ) 23 . morgan but I think I would rather pay . that way there would be no preconceive notion . anne I be not whore . Anne get out of the car , lean back in through the window . anne ( cont 'd ) what be you do tomorrow ? morgan I be go to a wedding . anne and the night after that ? morgan I will be back on the road . okay , anne game over , you win . who 's car be this ? morgan my friend David 's . anne he the one get marry ? yeah . Anne walk back Morgan look at watch as Anne it . int . baby doll ' morgan why ? to baby doll ' entrance . Morgan watch . he watch , turn back toward the entrance , pull a cigarette out of she purse and smoke 's the music pound and David push he face up into the Waitress naked breast as he receive another body shot ... and wedding music rise up ... close - david dress in a tuxedo , stare at Karen , he bride , who be stare back at he . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . continued : david I ... do . int . church - day the pastor turn to Morgan . pastor May I have the ring ? Morgan fish it out of he pocket , find the ring , still in the case , and hand the whole thing to the pastor . pastor ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) take it out . Morgan take the ring out of the case and hand it to the pastor , who turn to David and hand it to he . David slide the ring onto Karen 's finger and they kiss . int . reception hall - night freddy and the fantastics play " baby oh baby " on stage . people eat and drink , and wait in line at the buffet , and couple dance , include David and Karen and ... jason and molly molly I think you guy would be on the road . jason Morgan 's the best man . Molly pull closer to Jason . the music continue . Molly 's tall , preppy , " cute . " jason ( cont 'd ) what have you be up to ? molly I be wait table at the Museum restaraunt , the money 's great but I be look for more of a career . jason that sound good , as long as you be happy . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . continued : molly other than that , I exercise a lot , spend time with my family , go out with friend , and veg . jason do you have anything in mind for a career ? molly I be apply for this job as the coordinator for a german study abroad program . I think I will get it . jason that sound pretty good . Morgan , Shane , and Professor frost sit at a table watch the couple dance . Jason and Molly continue to dance . Jason finally say : jason ( cont 'd ) be there ... any new man in you life . molly I have be go out with Aaron , he 's nice but it 's nothing serious , I could never marry he . jason why not ? molly he 's just not as motivate as I be . he do not have much concern for get ahead in life . jason that 's alright . maybe he 's just a late bloomer ? molly I do not think so . what about you , any new woman in you life ? jason it 's a little tough to go out with anyone when you only stay in one place for a week or two . ( beat ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 . continued : ( 2 ) molly so when be you go to settle down and get a real job ? jason who know ? someday I guess . molly do you give up on the big house , the mercede , and the million you be go to have by the time you be thirty ? jason I do not know , I be just take it day by day . molly you have get so much potential , it seem like such a waste . jason I do not know about that . I sort of enjoy see the country and be free . molly do not you want someone to come home to and spend the rest of you life with ? jason I have get Morgan . molly you can not marry Morgan . jason settle down mean give up my freedom . I be not sure I be ready to do that . " baby oh baby " slowly fade out and the dance stop and people clap for freddy and the fantastics . molly now be that you talk , or Morgan ? clink ! clink ! clink ! Morgan stand on stage tapping he glass . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : ( 3 ) morgan I guess it 's tradition for the best man to give a speech , so , here go ... I have to admit that I 'ma little green with envy . now ... David 's get it all . a promise career , a really cool car , anda beautiful wife . I hope I can one day be as happy . and with that , I purpose a toast to David and he beautiful wife , Karen . 27 . Morgan hold up he glass to toast . David smile at Morgan , and discretely give he the finger as the crowd clap and freddy and the fantastics start to play again . int . reception hall - later the night be wind down , the cake have be cut , the band be pack up . Jason and Molly sit at a table , alone . jason that 's the same dress . molly what ? jason that 's the same dress you wear to the binford formal . molly oh yeah , I guess it be . jason I have still get that picture of you hold a bundle of rose . Morgan sit on the other side of the room watch Jason and Molly . he look at he watch and walk into the foyer . int . foyer Morgan walk to the phone and dial . a man be voice answer . man ( v.o. ) baby doll . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . continued : morgan you have a girl name Anne that dance there , be she dance tonight ? man ( v.o. ) she 's off tonight , but we get Judy cum . why do not you come on down ? Morgan hang up the phone and walk back into the reception room . int . reception room Morgan walk over to Jason and Molly . morgan we out of here ? jason Molly be go to give I a ride , I will be back in half a hour or so . Morgan nod . morgan I will pick you up tomorrow . Morgan turn and walk away . int . wright' house - morgan' bedroom - day Morgan lie in bed stare at the empty bed across the room . int . wright' house - kitchen - day Mrs . wright stand over the stove cooking breakfast . JOHN wright sit at the table read the newspaper , drink Morgan enter . mr . wright hey guy . mrs . wright how be the wedding ? morgan it be alright . Morgan sit down at the table . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . continued : mr . wright Morgan , do you see this article on the food bank open in Greensboro ? morgan no dad . mr. wright it say here they be hire . maybe they need a accountant . it would bea good way to use you degree and help a lot of people . morgan you think they need a dishwasher ? look , dad , if I be go to get a job , I would just get something that pay a lot of money . Mrs. wright be put french toast in front of Morgan . mrs . wright you can not wash dish for the rest of you life . ext . wright house - STREET - day Morgan hug he mother ... hug he father ... get into the truck and drive away . ext . battleground road the truck turn onto battleground Road . int . molly apartment - live room - day honk ! honk ! honk ! Molly 's lean up against Jason on the couch . jason that 's Morgan , I gotta go . ext . molly apartment Jason exit the apartment , kiss Molly , and say : jason I will call you from the road . molly drive safely . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . continued : Jason get into the truck and they drive off . int . truck Jason drive , Morgan 's in the passenger seat . morgan maybe we should stop by the Outback ? Jason nod he approval and pull a sharp leave ... ext . outback steakhouse - day the truck be park in the parking lot . int . outback steakhouse - kitchen - day knock ! knock ! knock ! brian , the kitchen manager , push the back door open to reveal Jason and Morgan . brian hey , it 's the dynamic duo . Jason and Morgan enter . brian ( cont 'd ) you guy be just in time . the dishwasher just walk out . Morgan and Jason look at each other and laugh . jason that 's a problem . brian ( continue ) you guy want to stay and dish ? morgan ( to Jason ) what do you think ? jason yeah , sure . morgan we will stay tonight but we get to get on the road . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . continued : brian we will take what we can get . you know the drill , get you apron . int . outback steakhouse - dish area - night dean , the manager ( american by birth , Southern by the grace of God ) walk by and do a double take when he see Jason and Morgan . dean what be you guy do back ? jason David get marry . dean David get marry ? who would he marry ? jason remember Karen ? dean Karen ! they spend more time fightin ' than lovin ' . morgan what 's the difference ? dean I want to talk to you boy before you leave , you hear ? Dean disappear into he office . dish area - later Jason 's in the pit . as he pull another load of dish across the counter , a beautiful waitress set a tray down and start to unload dirty dish . jason ( to Morgan ) dude . Morgan see the beautiful waitress . morgan sweet . the beautiful waitress finish unload the dish and exit out the back door . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . continued : jason do you think she would sleep with I ? morgan probably not . they both laugh . jason watch this . Jason go to the soda fountain , get two glass of soda , and exit out the back door after the beautiful waitress . ext . outback - back - night the beautiful waitress smoke a cigarette . Jason come out carry the two soda . jason it sure be hot out here . she blow smoke , nod . jason ( cont 'd ) would you like a soda ? beautiful waitress no . there be a awkward silence . Jason take a sip of one of the soda , look around , and go back inside . int . outback steakhouse Jason throw the soda in the garbage can and walk back to the ... dish area morgan how would it go ? jason pretty well . Jason jump back into the pit and resume rack dish . dish area - later Jason and Morgan keep up with the onslaught of dirty dish ; Jason 's in the pit , while Morgan unload the clean rack and put they away . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 . continued : waitress full wine glass ! not a problem , Jason pull the rack down , swing it into the hobart , throw a empty glass rack up , and keep rack the dish . waiter we need clean silverware ! morgan ( point ) it 's right there . the waiter go for it . dish area - later Morgan mop the floor . Jason rack the last few dish and squeeege off the counter . int . outback steakhouse - office - night Dean pace back and forth . dean now boy , I understand you loyalty to each other - and I can appreciate that . we get two spot . Brian 's leave , he 's get he own store , so we need two people . Kitchen manager during the day . Assistant manager at night . Dean turn to Morgan and Jason , who be seat . jason how soon would we need to start ? dean Brian 's leave in two week . now Morgan , I know you and I do not want you say " no " without even think about it . morgan I have think about it . I think about it 40 hour a week . no! dean I be offer you a real job , some security . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . continued : morgan Security 's overrate . there 's security in jail . dean look , it only take Brian five year to get he own store , you could do it in half that time . morgan I do not think they would want the owner wash dish and leave after two week . dean I be offer you boy a chance to make some real money , start a career . do not you want a career ? morgan see , that 's where we differ , sure we want a career , but not as much as we want some truth and some meaning . dean you know you do not have to go with he ? Jason look up as he realize this be direct at he . jason I know , but I be young , and this be a great adventure , meeting people , see new place , and be free to do what I want . dean someone 's be feed you false promise . morgan we will then , maybe we will be back . dean you can not wash dish forever . morgan it 's not about wash dish , it 's more of a ... lifestyle choice . dean I just do not understand you boy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . int . outback steakhouse - bar - night the Outback staff be gather around the bar drink beer . a waiter hold up he glass to toast and say : waiter to the great dish dog that ever live ! everyone toast and drink . waiter ( cont 'd ) you guy be really go out and do what you want . morgan we be ? waitress where be you guy head off to now ? jason you know , we be really not sure . laughter and another waiter say : waiter now I will toast to that . ext . outback steakhouse - parking lot - dawn the dish dog theme song start to rise up as Morgan and Jason exit the Outback steakhouse and walk across the parking lot and get into Black beauty and drive away . int . truck Jason drive , Morgan sit in the passenger seat . jason so ... where be we head off to ? morgan well ... let 's see . Morgan pull out the old , batter map of the United States . ext . highway - dawn the truck roar past the " leave Greensboro " sign as the sun rise out of the horizon and dish dog theme song continue to play . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36. int . truck - day Jason drive , Morgan 's in the passenger seat . morgan what be it about Molly you like so much ? jason nothin ' . morgan no , seriously . Jason contemplate , say : jason well ... remember when I hurt my back ? I be just lie on blake 's futon and she come by and bring I ginger snap and milk and just hang out . that be really nice . and ... the fact that she like I so much . ( and ) I be always attract to the way she look , tall , short hair , and big chest . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37. ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 . continued : morgan she be big chest ? jason yeah , big enough for she to press them together and let I put my cock between'em . morgan so what you be tell I be you get a small cock ? jason ha-ha , very funny . morgan do you know you like she so much the first time you talk to she ? jason not really , cause curt be kind of interested in she . I be just kind of chat with she . morgan do not it just seem like sometimes you can tell you be attract to someone after talk to they for only a few minute ? jason yeah , I guess . ext . highway - day the truck pass . ext . koa campground - dusk suburbia have go camp : r.v.s , t.v.s , and jetskis . the truck come to a stop at one of the few tent site . Morgan and Jason get out and stretch . Jason move to the back of the truck and unload the tent . Morgan move with he as they unroll the tent . they each grab one of the middle post and pull , and the tent rise . Jason pound he stake into the ground and toss the hammer to Morgan , and Morgan do the same . Jason set the next stake up and Morgan pound it in ... they have do this before . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . int . tent - night a flashlight be the only source of light . Morgan blow up he air-mattress , which consume nearly 3 / 4 of the floor space . Jason sit on a dime store pool raft . jason I will be right back . morgan what be you do ? jason nothin ' . Jason exit the tent . ext . koa campground - night Jason go to the pay phone and dial . jason ( into phone ) hey you . molly ( v.o. ) hey , where be you ? jason louisville , kentucky . Molly laugh . Jason lean back against the phone booth , settles in . molly how 's it go ? jason pretty well , we be go to try get a job tomorrow ... int . tent - night Jason 's flashlight cut through the night as he get into the tent . Jason quietly get into he sleep bag . morgan how 's Molly ? jason how 's you mom ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. close on photo of david and karen in they wedding attire . int . anne's kitchen - night as Anne cut the picture out of the newspaper . Anne look at the photo , pick up the phone book . ext . koa campground - day Morgan go through " Bernard Shaw 's Plays , " find $ 348 . stop on page and Morgan take the $ 48 and move the $ 300 to page 300 . as Jason get out of the tent , Morgan shove the book deep into he bag . morgan how much money you get ? Jason route through he pocket , come up with about twenty - five buck and some change . jason twenty -five . morgan that 's all you get ? jason I buy gas yesterday . morgan yeah , and I buy a tank of gas , too . jason how much do you have ? morgan forty -eight dollar . jason I think you always keep three hundred ? morgan I be not spend that . that 's for emergency only . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 4l. continued : jason I guess a gift for Molly be not a emergency ? ext . lilly restaurant - day the truck sit in the parking lot . int . lilly restaurant Morgan and Jason sit at a booth with the manager , derek lilly . morgan we may only be here for a few day , but we offer a few guarantee : we will be here on time , we will not walk out in the middle of the shift , and we will give at least 24 hour notice . lilly you sound like hard work young man , but I be sorry , I just hire two new guy . Morgan hold out he hand to lilly . morgan thank you for you time . ext . lilly restaurant - parking lot Jason and Morgan be walk to the truck . jason have you ever meet anyone that you absolutely can not stand , but there 's no real reason why ? Morgan laugh . they get into the truck . int . shave diller be bar and grill - day the manager shake he head , " no . " Jason extend he hand ... ext . e.j. be bistro - backdoor - day Jason and Morgan pass the two dish washer as they enter . one of the dish washer take he apron off and throw it into the dumpster . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. dish washer # 1 they be not pay I enough to wash all they dish . int . e.j.' bistro e.j. , the manager , nod he head as he shake hand with Morgan and Jason . e.j. pull out two apron . int . e.j. be bistro - dish area - night Morgan stand in the pit , lean against the counter . Jason 's look under the glass rack at the waitress . jason not much to look at . morgan I would be inclined to agree with you on that one . they watch as a few waitress ( all unattractive ) pick up there order at the window . jason I will be right back . Jason exit . ext . e.j. be bistro - phone booth - night Jason talk on the phone . molly ( v.o. ) when be you come back ? Jason stop to think for a moment . jason soon ... int . e.j. be bistro - dish area - night still no dish as Morgan and Jason wait around . morgan you go to hit on any of this girl ? jason probably not . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43 . continued : morgan why not ? you would probably have a good chance with that one over there . ( point to martha ) martha ( 5 '2 " and 350 pound ) lift a huge tray of food onto she shoulder . jason if I be that desperate I would just call you mom . morgan if I be that desperate I would call Molly . int . e.j. be bistro - dish area - later Morgan and Jason clean up ... jason you stay here and work , I be go to see if they be hire down at hooter . morgan I do not think there 's a hooter in this town . int . tent - night Morgan and Jason lay awake in the tent . morgan that be pretty brutal , it be just so freakin ' slow . jason I will say . morgan maybe we should work tomorrow night and get out of here . jason yeah ... maybe we should head back to Greensboro ? morgan what for ? to see Molly ? jason no , but we could save some money . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , continued : morgan let 's just keep go west . ext . e.j. be bistro - day Morgan talk on the phone . morgan how 's marry life treat you ? david ( v.o. ) you ever try one of that " ice " beer ? morgan no , why ? david they be pretty good , and they get twice the alcohol content . by the way , who 's Anne ? morgan Anne ? why ? david she call here look for you . this strike Morgan . int . e.j. be bistro - dish area - day Jason stand in the pit , wait for dish . Morgan enter . jason what do David have to say ? morgan it 's go pretty well , he 's become a alcoholic . jason that 's good . ext . e.j. be bistro - night the truck pull out of the parking lot . ext . highway - night the truck pick up speed as it head north . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . int . truck - night the temperature gauge near 240 degree . Morgan and Jason notice . morgan she 's run a little hot , be not she ? jason I will check it at the next gas station . ext . gas station - night Morgan pump gas . Jason stuff he face with a hot dog , put a bag of food into the truck , pop the hood and get back out . Morgan finish , get into the truck . Jason grab a bottle of anti-freeze from the back and pour it into the radiator . finish , Jason slam the hood down and get back into the truck . the truck roar to life and pull away . a puddle of anti-freeze lie on the ground . int . truck - night Jason downs another hot dog , offer one to Morgan . jason you want some ? Morgan shake he head and pull out he coleman water cooler and a sandwich . Jason eat the last hot dog and set a bag of chip and a soda on the dash board in front of Morgan . Morgan do not go for it . ext . highway - night as the truck continue west . ext . jefferson CITY , missouri - route 50 - day the truck drive into town . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. ext . moyer' steak and seafood - day the truck sit in the parking lot . int . moyer' steak and seafood - day Morgan and Jason sit at the bar . the manager prepare the bar . morgan we may only be here for a few day , but we offer a few guarantee : we will be here on time , we will not walk out in the middle of the shift , and we will give at least 24 hour notice . manager I have to fire the last bunch of dish dog ' cause they be throw the dish into the river instead of wash them . the manager heave a garbage can of empty liquor bottle over the bar . manager ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I will tell you what , I will use you as long as I can , but if I can find someone permanently , you will have to make a decision . jason Fair enough . int . moyer' steak and seafood - dish area - day Morgan and Jason put on they apron . Jason motion to a group of waitress stand at the cash register ( all attractive ) . jason this look a little better . morgan you go to hit on any of they ? jason probably . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . continued : morgan how be you go to do ? jason not very well . they laugh . int . moyer' steak and seafood - dish area - day a moderate flow of dish come into Morgan , who stand in the pit . Jason unload the clean dish . jason this dishwasher suck . Morgan look , Jason hold up one of the plate . it 's still dirty . jason ( cont 'd ) run'em through again . Jason take the rack and hand it to Morgan . Morgan push it back into the hobart . jason ( cont 'd ) dude . Jason motion to one of the Waitress as she exit out the back door . jason ( cont 'd ) you see that ? morgan go for it . Jason go to the soda fountain , draw two soda and exit out the backdoor . at the grill one of the cook turn to troy , who 's kneel down at the refrigerator . cook I think that dish dog just go after you girl . Troy look at the backdoor , stand up . he 's 6 '4 " and 250 pound of pure muscle . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. ext . moyer' steak and seafood - back - day as Jason exit . the waitress puff on a cigarette . jason sure be hot out here . waitress I will say . could I have a sip of one of you drink ? jason you can have one . Jason smile and hand she the drink . jason ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) my name 's Jason . waitress Bridget . and as they shake hand the door swing open and Troy exit . troy what the fuck do you think you be do ? BRIDGET Troy - jason nothin ' . Bridget try to hold Troy back . BRIDGET stop it . troy this be my fuck girl . Troy step forward and grab Jason by the collar and slam he up against the building . troy ( cont 'd ) you new guy come in here and think it 's open season . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : BRIDGET Troy , he 's a dish dog . I be not go to fuck around with a dish dog . 49 , Troy release he grip on Jason , and Jason stumble back into the restaurant . int . moyer' steak and seafood - dish area - day as Jason return , shake . morgan how would it go ? jason not ... really ... very well . you know that cook name Troy ? morgan that big guy ? jason yeah , I pretty much get toy with . int . moyer' steak and seafood - foyer - night Jason talk on the phone . jason it 's go alright , not great , but ... alright . molly ( v.o. ) oh - hold on , I think I hear someone at the door . Jason wait . molly ( v.o. ) okay , I be back . jason who be it ? molly ( v.o. ) no one . so how 's Black beauty ? jason she 's be run kind of hot but - a hiss in the background . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 . continued : jason ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what be that ? molly ( v.o. ) my hair spray . jason be you go out ? molly ( v.o. ) yeah . how 's Morgan do ? jason Fine . who be you go out with ? molly ( v.o. ) just some guy . jason do I know he ? molly ( v.o. ) I do not think so . jason do he go to guilford ? molly ( v.o. ) yeah , but I do not think you know he . jason what be he name ? molly ( v.o. ) jon. jason jon what ? molly ( v.o. ) jon dunkle . jason I know he . the doorbell ring in the background . molly ( v.o. ) he 's here . I get to go . click , as Molly hang up on Jason . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. int . moyer' steak and seafood - dish area - night whack ! Jason kick a bucket , send it down the hall , as he put a stack of dish away . morgan what 's the problem ? jason nothin ' . Jason take the empty dish rack and throw it down . he start to unload a clean rack but they be dirty . jason ( cont 'd ) this suck . check the soap . Jason slam another rack of wash dish back through the dish washer . Morgan move to the automatic soap dispenser . check it . morgan we be out . jason great . Jason walk to the office , enter . int . moyer' steak and seafood - office the kitchen manager talk on the phone . Jason enter . jason ( very polite ) Excuse I , we need more soap for the dishwasher . kitchen manager oh , yeah , we have be out for a couple of day . just wash them by hand . he go back to he phone conversation . Jason pause a moment in disbelief . int . moyer' steak and seafood - dish area as Jason return . Morgan 's busy try to stack the dish , and the stack be get high . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 . continued : jason they be out of soap . morgan you be shittin ' I . Jason shake he head . the manager approach . manager what the fuck be you guy do ? get to work . jason get some soap . manager what ? what do you say to I ? morgan there 's no more soap . manager so ? wash them by hand . morgan when be you get more soap ? manager who the fuck care ? I do not hire you to ask question . get to work . Morgan look at Jason and nod . morgan alright , no problem . manager good ... and remember , you guy say you would never walk out . morgan a foolish consistency be the hobgoblin of little mind . Jason smile . the manager give they a funny look , not comprehend , and walk away . Jason and Morgan look at each other then at the back door ... and the dish Dog theme song start to rise up and ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. ext . moyer' steak and seafood - back door - night the back door swing open . Jason and Morgan exit , rip off they apron and throw they on the ground . int . truck - night Jason drive , Morgan 's in the passenger seat . they come to a stop at the intersection for interstate 50 ; 50 east to the right , 50 west to the leave . jason maybe we should just go back to Greensboro ? morgan west . Jason gun the engine and slam the truck leave . ext . 50 west - night the truck race away from jefferson City . int . truck - night Jason and Morgan sit in silence . the temperature gauge slowly rise , past 240 degree . ext . 50 west - night the truck race past a billboard : " jack in the BOX - next exit " int . truck - night Jason see the sign . jason you hungry ? morgan no . Jason take the next exit . ext . jack in the BOX - drive through - night the truck pull up to the window . jack ( v.o. ) May I take you order ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. continued : jason I will have a jumbo Jack with no tomato . jack ( v.o . ) anything else ? jason ( to Morgan ) you want anything ? morgan no. jason ( into microphone ) that 's it . Jason pull the truck forward . int . truck - night as Jason drive he bite into he jumbo Jack and tomato squish out into he lap . jason fuck ! Jason roll down the window and pitch the jumbo Jack , wrapper and all , out the window . he pick the piece of tomato off he lap and throw they out the window , too . int . truck - night Jason stare straight ahead . morgan do not you think she 's run a little hot ? Jason press on the gas . ext . road - dawn corn field and cow pasture . the truck drive by . int . truck Jason and Morgan sit in silence and ... steam start to pour out from under the hood and ... the engine start knocking and begin lose power . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . continued : Jason turn the key off . jason fuck ! ext . road as Black beauty slowly roll to a stop . Jason get out and slam the hood open . steam pour out . Morgan join Jason . jason Fucking piece of shit ! morgan what 's the problem ? jason the head 's crack . Jason reach in towards the engine ... jason ( cont 'd ) fuck ! -- as he rip he arm out , burn . he spin around , see a rock , go for it , pick it up and hurl it at the front of the truck . jason ( cont 'd ) Fucking piece of shit . Jason move back to the truck . they stare at the engine . Morgan finally say : morgan so how be that jumbo Jack ? Jason look at Morgan , still piss , and a smile reluctantly cross he face and Morgan start smile , too . they both start laugh . ext . road - day Jason and Morgan be sit on the ground in front of the truck . a corn field grow behind they . the road sit in front of the they but no car drive past . Jason toss a pebble into the road . Morgan get up and go to the truck . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. int . truck as Morgan grab the soda and chip off the dashboard . ext . road Morgan return to Jason and sit back down . Morgan open the bag of chip and eat one . Jason look at he . morgan you want some ? jason yeah . morgan well , look like you should have plan ahead . Morgan pop the soda and take a long swig . jason I recommend you give I a chip before I kick you ass . Morgan dig around in the bag of chip and offer Jason the smallest chip he can find . they both laugh as Morgan hand he the bag of chip and soda . ext . road - later - day Morgan and Jason be still sit on the ground . off in the distance , pop - pop , pop - pop , the faint sound of a tractor can be hear approach . up ahead a old JOHN deere tractor turn the corner and come into view . Morgan and Jason stand up and watch as the tractor approach . the tractor stop in front of they , the farmer say : farmer that 's a nice truck . jason you wanna buy it ? the Farmer squint at the truck . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57 . continued : farmer how much you want for it ? jason I be just kid . it 's gota crack head . ext . road - day the tractor pull the truck down the country road . Morgan and Jason sit in the truck . ext . huntertown , missouri - STREET - day population : 1330 the corn chowder Capital of the world . the tractor pull the truck past the Lutheran Church into ... ext . earl' automotive - parking lot the tractor come to a stop . ext . earl' automotive - parking lot - later the farmer , Jason , Morgan , and earl , the mechanic , stare down at the straight six , long -stroke engine . earl you boy know you be suppose to put water in this thing ? Earl think this be funny , smile at he little joke . morgan ( mock ) you be ? Earl stop smile . earl I can get it , but it 's go to take a few day . jason how much be it go to cost ? earl Three fifty , plus labor . morgan Three fifty ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 . continued : earl plus labor . jason I can put it on . Earl shoot the farmer a look . morgan where 's the close restaurant ? farmer over there . the farmer point up the street . ext . STREET —- huntertown - day Morgan and Jason be walk along the sidewalk . jason I hate to say anything like this , but maybe we should sell the truck and take a bus back to Greensboro . morgan Black beauty will not be sell . how much money you get ? jason about twelve buck ... Morgan look away . jason ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) we walk out without get pay , remember ? that 's all I get leave . how much do you have ? morgan almost fifty . jason what about the three hundred ? morgan that 's for emergency . jason whatever . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . ext . house of corn restaurant - day Morgan and Jason be walk through the parking lot , past pick - up truck and tractor , toward the entrance . as they enter , they pass a couple of farmer , complete with jean jacket and John deere hat . int . house of corn restaurant - day waitress scurry around . family eat , talk , and stack they plate at the food bar . Jason and Morgan enter . int . house of corn restaurant - booth Morgan and Jason sit at a booth talk with relma , the manager / head waitress . she 's near seventy , short and heavy set , wear a hair net . morgan - but we will only be here for a week . relma light a cigarette , consider they offer , cough violently . relma okay ... but it get pretty busy around here . jason toy . relma stare at Jason . ext . gas station - phone - day Jason talk on the phone . jason how would it go with jon ? molly ( v.o. ) not really that good . he 's kind of a jerk . jason what happen ? molly ( v.o. ) we just do not have much to say to each other . I get Leo . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60. int . molly apartment - bedroom Molly lie on the bed with leo , a stuff bear , talk into the phone . molly I really like he . jason ( v.o. ) I be glad . molly when be you come back ? ext . gas station - phone Jason pause , watch as Morgan pace in the background . jason a week . we get to get the truck fix . int . house of corn restaurant - kitchen - night the kitchen be small , not cluttere by all the expensive machinery that have fill the other dish room . the dishwasher be a vintage 1971 hobart . Jason and Morgan stand by the dishwasher wait for dish to arrive . morgan this place must do a helluva lunch business , cause it sure do not do much dinner business . jason I will say . relma appear in the doorway hold a bucket and two scrub brushes . relma you get time to lean , you get time to clean ! int . house of corn restaurant - kitchen - later one of the gorilla rack be push away from the wall . Jason stand behind it scrubbing the wall while Morgan kneel on the floor scrubbing the lower portion . they look at each other , say : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61 . continued : jason /morgan I blame you for this . int . / ext . various shot over the next five day - day / night Morgan and Jason wash a pile of pot and pan . a cook drop a empty pot in front of they , only there be chili burn to the bottom of it . Morgan and Jason scrub the employee bathroom . Inside the walk in freezer , Morgan and Jason shiver as they clean and mop . in the dine room relma hold out some rag for Morgan and Jason . Morgan shake he head and point at Jason , and Jason shake he head and point back at Morgan . they stand over a puddle of vomit . outside by the dumpster , Jason swing a bag of trash toward the dumpster and the bottom explode and trash fly all over the parking lot . Morgan stare at Jason . Morgan and Jason pull the grease soak , food encrust rubber mat off the floor , out of the dish area . ext . behind the restaurant - night a extension cord run from the restaurant to the truck . Jason and Morgan stand around the truck , hood up , work on the engine . jason could you hold this ? Jason hand Morgan the light and the light go out . Jason shake it . relma ( 0.s. ) you boy can not be use this electricity . Morgan and Jason look toward the back door as relma throw the cord out and slam the door . jason be she some relation of yours ? morgan you be just mad because she would not sleep with you . Jason laugh and tighten the final bolt on the new head . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62 . continued : jason that should do it . Jason get into the truck and turn the key . it turn over a few time ... and roar to life . Jason get back out and move to Morgan 's side . jason ( cont 'd ) toy . morgan that 's a lot of truck for $ 800 . they stare at the engine as it purr along . jason maybe we should just go back to Greensboro ? morgan Fine . ext . highway - day Wide open plain and field . the truck race by . ext . highway - night as the headlight of the truck zoom past . int . truck —- dawn silence . Jason drive . Morgan sit in the passenger seat . ext . highway - mountain - day as the truck climb the appalachian Mountains . ext . highway - greensboro , n.c . - night as the truck take a off ramp . ext . highway - day Wide open plain and field . the truck race by . ext . highway - night as the headlight of the truck zoom past . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63. int . truck —- dawn silence . Jason drive . Morgan sit in the passenger seat . ext . highway - mountain - day as the truck climb the appalachian Mountains . ext . highway - greensboro , n.c . - night as the truck take a off ramp . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64. ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 . continued : ext . wright' house - dawn the truck be park on the street . int . wright' house - morgan' bedroom - day a pile of blanket lie on the ground where Jason sleep last night . Morgan lie in he bed stare down at it . ext . family restaurant - day Molly reach across the table and run she finger through Jason 's hair . molly I hope we kid get you hair . jason kid ? molly not now silly , in a few year . Molly cover she hand with she own . molly ( cont 'd ) ( continue , excited ) I wonder how I will tell you I be pregnant ? maybe I will call you at work and tell you I have a surprise . then when you get home , I will have a nice candlelight dinner prepare , and I will wait until after desert to tell you . int . wright' house - kitchen - day Morgan sit at the table eat a bowl of cereal . mrs . wright I talk to Mrs. Taylor this morning . do you remember she daughter Jennifer ? morgan yeah , I remember she , I remember she sleep with the gym teacher . mrs . wright Morgan , you be get old . if you be not careful you be go to end up alone and miserable . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66 . continued : mrs . wright ( cont 'd ) if you wait too long the only girl you be go to find be somebody else 's reject or girl with problem . morgan thanks mom . mrs . wright if you be go to live here you be not go to lounge around the house all day and be a dish dogger at night . you be go to have to get a real job . morgan do not worry ... I be go back on the road . ext . outback steak house - dusk the sun slowly set . int . outback steak house - dish area - night this be the slowest night Morgan and Jason have work in a long time . the kitchen be calm . the waitress stand around talk , roll silverware . the cook slowly prepare food , restock they supplies . Morgan and Jason stand in the dish area wait for some dish ... wait ... wait . jason another exciting night at the Outback . Morgan be silent . jason ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? morgan about what ? jason we be back in Greensboro , just like the good old day . morgan what good old day be that ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 . continued : jason forget it . Jason walk away . int . outback steak house - dish area - later the kitchen be empty , except ... Morgan , who squeeege off the counter , and Jason , who unload the last load of dish . Jason stack the last dish , say : jason we outta here ? morgan no . I think I would hang out and do some more dish . ext . outback steak house - front door - night Morgan and Jason exit the building and start walk around toward the back . the manager lock the door behind they . jason I be probably go to crash at Molly 's tonight . morgan good . and as they get around the corner , to the back parking lot , they see Molly , wait by she 1989 , grey , Toyota camry . jason I will catch you later . Jason go to Molly and kiss she . Morgan keep walk , toward the truck and ... Anne stand by the truck , smoking and look at she fingernails . morgan you get a cigarette ? Anne look up , see Morgan , smile . anne nope . I do not smoke . Anne take a long drag off she cigarette and throw it down and stomp it out . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68 . continued : Jason and Molly drive away in the background . int . toyota camry - night as Molly and Jason drive away . molly who 's that with Morgan ? Jason look at Morgan and Anne , strain to see but ... jason I be ... not sure . ext . outback steak house - morgan / anne stand by the truck . anne you come back , you do love I . morgan what be you do here ? anne Nice to see you , too . I needa ride home . come on , get in . Anne jump into the truck . Morgan follow . int . molly apartment - bedroom - night in the darkness , Molly and Jason make love . int . truck - night Morgan drive . Anne sit in the passenger seat . anne I break up with my boyfriend . morgan I too ... so ... anyway -— anne do not say that . you must have something to say to I , we have not see each other in over two week . morgan I be ... think . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 . continued : anne tell I how much you love I . morgan anyway . anne Love can grow from just a few short minute . morgan we have not even know each other for a few minute . anne okay , game over , you win . morgan anyway . Anne knock Morgan on the shoulder . anne come on , I be kid . do not make I do all the work . tell I about you trip . what happen ? who would you meet ? where would you go ? something interesting must have happen . morgan I go to the corn chowder capital of the world . anne be it beautiful ? morgan yeah , actually it be . anne be the corn chowder exquisite ? morgan you know , I do not even have any . Anne give he a look . morgan ( cont 'd ) what ? I be serious , I do not have any . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70. int . truck - night they be drive through a low income neighborhood . anne right here , this be it . they stop in front of a dilapidate house . morgan you live here ? anne that 's why I be move . why do not you come and help I move tomorrow . you get the truck . morgan I get to - anne ( interrupt ) oh , come on , you know you want to . morgan what time ? anne noon. Morgan nod . morgan one thing you ought to know about I , I be compulsively early , so I will probably be here around 11:30 . anne ( get out of the truck ) I will be wait . morgan hey - Anne lean back through the window . morgan ( cont 'd ) how do you find I here ? anne you friend David . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 . continued : morgan how do you find David ? but Anne 's go . she disappear into the house . Morgan stare after she . ext . tennis court - day Jason and Morgan be out for a early morning game . they have all twelve court to themselves . Morgan pull a modern racquet out of he bag and hand it to Jason . Jason take it . jason you ready to get toy with ? Morgan pull another racquet out of he bag , a classic , and some would say archaic , yonex R - 7 . morgan yeah but , I think I be play you . ext . tennis court - later Morgan hit a drop shot . Jason come charge in , barely return the ball over the net ... but Morgan 's there , and he lob it over Jason 's head and ... Jason go run back to the baseline , throw up a lob and ... Morgan hit another drop shot but Jason do not even run for it . jason Nice shot ... dickhead . ext . tennis court - later Morgan and Jason , sweaty , sit on the bench . jason who be that girl wait for you last night ? morgan which girl be that ? jason the one by the truck . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72 . continued : morgan oh , she . that be Anne ... ext . field - day Morgan and Jason , tennis racket in hand , walk away from the tennis court . Jason finally break the silence with : jason I think I be probably go to take that assistant manager job . morgan probably ? jason no I be ... definitely take it . I be start tonight . I think there 's another position open if - morgan ( interrupt ) no thanks . I be go to keep dish . jason be you go back on the road ? Jason stop . Morgan keep walk . morgan yeah . int . frost's house - patio - day Morgan sit in the wicker chair morgan he 's take the job . frost sit across from he drink orange juice from a glass bottle . frost how do that make you feel ? morgan I do not know . frost smile . frost I wish I be young again . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73. continued : morgan why ? frost there 's a few thing I would do differently . morgan there be ? like what ? frost I would have take better care of myself . close on watch : 11:30 a.m. int . truck Morgan look up from he watch , he 's park in front of Anne 's house . ext . anne's house - day Morgan arrive at the front door and knock . wait , he look around . the daylight show the reason for the dilapidate look ; uncut grass , dirt , expose wood , chip paint . Morgan knock again , louder , and wait ... and finally the door open a crack and Anne 's sleepy eye be stare at Morgan . anne what time be it ? morgan int . anne's house - day Anne lead Morgan through the house , which be a wreck , toward the bedroom . Anne 's grab thing off the ground as they go ; a shirt , a dress , a pillow , etc ... anne we get to be out of here by 1:00 . Anne scoops up another dress and kick a final pair of shoe into the ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74 . continued : bedroom Anne drop she arm full of stuff into a box . anne put that stuff in this box . Anne point to a pile of laundry . morgan it 's good to see you be all ready to go . Anne walk into the bathroom remove she night gown . Morgan drop a few thing into a box . morgan ( cont 'd ) be there any organization to this box ? Morgan look into the bathroom and watch as ... anne no , we just need to get it over there . Anne stand in front of the mirror , wear only she panty , put on she make - up . Morgan pull he eye away from she and go back to fill the box . int . family restaurant - day a table : on one side a salad , on the other a plate , heape with french fries and a hamburger . Anne delicately pour oil and vinegar onto she salad as she speak . anne it 's like bungee jump , I be not say I be not go to do it , it 's not something I see myself do . morgan yeah , but you say that not because you do not want to , but because you be not sure you be go to meet the right person . and more than that , you say it so you do not feel bad if you never get marry . anne oh screw you . maybe I have already meet the right person . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 . continued : morgan ( continue ) with I , I do not know if I be or not , I just can not say , but if I do , it 's go to be a choice . a lifestyle choice that I have to come to term with . I be not go to do it because my parent do it . I be not go to do it because society tell I to . I be not go to do it because my heart tell I to . I be go to do it when my head tell I to . besides , when a man get marry , he go from a man with a future to man with a past . anne where would you get that , a fortune cookie ? morgan yeah , it 's a fortune cookie of sort . Anne reach across the table and take one of Morgan 's fries . morgan ( cont 'd ) why do not you order some if you want they ? anne too fatten . Anne grab another fry and eat it . morgan you be thin . anne that 's cause I do not eat fatten food . morgan no , you eat they , you just do not order they . the waitress stop at they table . waitress be everything alright ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . continued : ( 2 ) anne bring he another order of fries . Morgan smile . anne ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) hey , what be you do tonight ? morgan work . I be training a new guy , Juan . anne what time do you get off ? morgan probably about one . anne come pick I up . we will go watch a movie or something . morgan that 's a little past my bedtime . anne oh come on , I will give you a free lap dance . ( and ) why do you say " no " when you want to say " yes ? " morgan I do not know , I think it have something to do with ... something to do with my childhood . you know , I be raise in this really conventional family . I mean , I have my mom , and my dad and a brother . and my dad have a job and ... I just really do not know . ext . restaurant - parking lot - day Morgan and Anne walk toward the truck . anne a entire conversation without say " anyways " once . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77. int . outback steak house - dish area - night juan , " the new guy , " be in the pit rack dish . he 's hispanic-american . waitress full wine rack . Juan do not seem to notice the waitress . waitress ( cont ’d ) full wine rack . and Morgan 's return for a load of dish . he grab the wine rack and swing it into the dishwasher . morgan when ever this get full just run'em through and put a new rack up . Juan smile and nod , and go back to rack dish . morgan ( cont 'd ) hey , we get to replace the soap every so often . Juan smile and nod . Morgan turn the hobart off and unplug the soap bin and start to roll it out the back door . int . outback steak house - dish area - later Morgan and Juan wash the dish . Jason enter the dish area . he 's wear a tie , freshly shaven , and look like he just get a hair cut . jason how 's it go ? morgan great . hey Juan , I fuck you mother every way to Sunday . Juan smile and nod . Jason laugh and walk away . int . outback steak house - dish area - later it 's close time . Morgan and Juan put the finish touch on the dish room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78. ext . outback steak house - parking lot - night Jason let Morgan out and lock the door behind he . Morgan walk to the truck , move quite quickly , quite anxious to get to Anne . ext . wright' house - night the truck pull up . Morgan get out and run into the house . int . wright' house - bathroom - night Morgan 's in the shower , scrubbing the greasy dishwater off he body . int . wright' house - hallway as Morgan walk down the stair . mrs . wright Morgan , where be you go ? morgan out . ext . wright' house - night Morgan exit the house , walk quickly , almost run . he get into the truck and tear off . ext . baby doll - back - parking lot - night Anne and susan take a break , smoke , argue with the redneck that Anne be lap dance for earlier . his name be dewit . he 's big , a full 250 pound , always wear a cowboy hat and a string tie that match he polyester shirt . anne fuck you . I be not a whore . I will get you the money . dewit you will get I my money or you will fuck my brain out , baby . susan leave she alone . dewit maybe you have my $ 800 dollar ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . continued : he rub he hand along Susan 's cheek , down towards she breast . Susan slap he hand away . dewit ( cont 'd ) ( to Anne ) you owe I . and behind they , at the corner of the building stand Morgan , watch . he walk forward . dewit turn and see Morgan . morgan you ready to go ? anne yeah . dewit turn and start walk away . dewit I will see you later . ( as he pass Morgan ) you girlfriend 's a real looker . she must be great in bed . int . truck - STREET - night Morgan drive . they wait at a stop light . anne just go through it . no one 's come . Morgan look both way . the street be empty at this late hour . morgan no . I will wait . silence , until finally Morgan can not stand it anymore , he have to ask : morgan ( cont 'd ) who be that guy ? anne just some asshole . you get them in the business . morgan you owe he money ? anne I do not want to talk about it . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80 . continued : Anne slide across the bench seat to Morgan . anne ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what movie be we go to see ? int . anne's apartment live room - night the room be dark , illuminate only by the television , which sit on the floor . the room be nearly empty . a few box with Anne 's belonging and a futon , which Morgan and Anne lounge on . " say anything , " play on the television . John cusack and lilli Taylor be make love in a car . morgan why exactly do you choose this movie ? and Anne look up at Morgan and move close to he and he look at she and try to hold back and they kiss . the first kiss be quick . the second kiss be longer , deeper . and the third kiss be even longer and deeper . Anne flip the television off , create complete darkness . the kissing continue and they hand start to roam around each other 's body . morgan ( cont 'd ) listen , we can keep go , and we can do anything you want but - but that 's not go to make you my girlfriend . it 's not go to mean anything . Anne pull away . anne why ? morgan I already tell you . I do not have girlfriend . anne I be a low maintenance girlfriend . a rise once in a while . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 . continued : morgan look at I , I be good look , I have get a decent personality and I have never have a girlfriend ? do not you ever ask yourself , " what give ? " anne toot you own horn , why do not you ? Anne move away , reach for a cigarette , light one . morgan I be go back on the road . I be not go to settle for a 100 k and a white picket fence and a couple of kid and a wife . there 's get to be more . anne you get to be rich to talk like that . it 's a good thing they do not have dishwash as a major in college , or you would not have anything to do right now . morgan I would have find something , be a terrorist or join a gang . Anne sit , smoke . morgan ( cont 'd ) when do you know you like I ? Anne puff on she cigarette , try to decide whether she should answer the question or not . anne when you show up to help I move . guy that say shit they do not mean , piss I off . morgan yeah , I do what I say . it 's my great asset and great liability . anne what do you mean ? morgan I would like to lie to you . I would like to have sex with you . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82 . continued : ( 2 ) anne you be sweet and you be ... humorous . morgan I have get a large wit . anne a large wit ? morgan so , I could have do something wrong that first night I drive you home ? anne yeah . why be we talk about this ? morgan sorry . when I get nervous I go into my hyper- analytical phase , which I have be in for the last 22 year ... do I get my free lap dance now ? int . wright' house - bathroom - day Morgan shave . the door be open . Mrs. wright enter . mrs . wright where be you last night ? morgan out , with a friend mrs . wright ( hopeful ) -- a girl ? morgan yes , a girl . mrs . wright do I know she ? morgan no. mrs . wright where do you meet she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 . continued : morgan at a strip club . mrs . wright ( take back ) a strip club ? what be she do at a strip club ? morgan Mom , she 's stripper . mrs . wright oh .... Mrs. wright , stunne , slowly turn and begin to walk away . morgan Mom , do you ever wonder if there be more to life than this ? mrs . wright what do you mean ? int . family restaurant - day the clink and clank of glass and plate . Jason , Morgan , Shane and David eat breakfast . shane how be thing with you and Molly . jason it 's actually go pretty well . david you go to follow my lead soon ? jason I do not know about all that . I be think about get a new car though . morgan you think they will let you get one with $ 12 as a down payment ? jason no , but after I kick you ass and take you $ 300 I think I will have enough . morgan you think you can take I ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 . continued : david ( interrupt ) while you two clown decide who can take who , I have get a job to get too . shane yeah , I would better go too , I be sure somebody 's get a sixty - thousand dollar phone bill they be about to have a fit over . David and Shane get up and exit the restaraunt . Jason and Morgan begin to eat again . Jason finally say : jason I think I be in love with she . morgan no , you be do not . jason seriously , I think I be . morgan no , you do not . jason yes , I do . morgan no , you do not . jason yes , I do . morgan what do you guy do last night ? jason we see " say anything . " and I think I be in love with she . this stop Morgan . jason ( cont 'd ) what would you do last night ? morgan nothin ' . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85 . continued : ( 2 ) jason have you see that girl from the strip club - morgan Anne . jason yeah , Anne . morgan yeah , we hang out a little last night . jason how would it go ? morgan alright . jason be you go to get laid ? morgan I do not know . she 's nice but - you know , I do not want she as a girlfriend . I would like to sleep with she but I be not go to lie to she . jason of course not . ext . family restaurant - parking lot - day Jason and Morgan be walk toward the truck . jason that 's a lot of truck for four - fifty . morgan touche '' . they arrive at the truck . jason I remember pull up in that guy 's driveway and there sit black beauty . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86 . continued : jason ( cont 'd ) she be about three different color , have a window miss , only have about half of a exhaust system , but I see potential . morgan that 's a really touch story . jason yeah ... he be ask five hundred but I get he down to four-fifty . morgan you be a freakin ' horse trader . jason ( dawn on he that he 's be make fun of ) you be a cocksucker ... seriously , this be a damn good truck . she 's a part of we family . morgan she 's the best ... you want I to pay you for you half ? jason no . we will travel together , travel apart , but who ever use it , just use it . morgan it 's probably worth a grand now but we would not take twenty for it . int . gas station - day Standard food mart / convenience store . Anne stand at the counter , buy drink . anne ( to the cashier ) let I have a " gold rush " scratch ticket . cashier four-fifty . Anne pay the cashier , exit . ext . gas station - day Morgan wait by the truck . Anne approach . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 . continued : anne here . she hand he one of the drink . morgan no thanks . anne come on . what the fuck be I go to do with two of they ? she shove the soda into he hand and ... Morgan pop it open and start drink . Anne get into the truck . int . truck as Morgan get in with Anne . morgan you buy a lottery ticket ? anne yeah . do not you play the lottery . morgan no , I do not believe in the lottery . Anne start to scratch . Morgan crank the truck up . anne look , I win two dollar . and Morgan look and Anne keep scratch . anne ( cont 'd ) four dollar ! morgan how much do you pay for the ticket ? Anne scratch the last blank on the card and it read : anne forty dollar ! Anne grab Morgan and start shaking he . anne ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's go spend it . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88. continued : morgan what about that guy you owe the money to ? anne this be a drop in the bucket . let 's go bra shopping . morgan bra shopping ? I have never be bra shopping . int . four season mall - day a meca of white middle - class America . it 's Saturday . it 's crowded . teenager hang out . mother drag they child . couple hold hand , window shop . Anne and Morgan walk into victoria secret . int . victoria secret Morgan and Anne enter : panty , bras , and lace garter . Morgan 's the only male in the store . he notice . anne come on . Anne grab Morgan 's hand and pull he over to the bra section . anne ( cont 'd ) which one do you like ? Anne sort through a few bras . Morgan look at a middle - aged woman next to he . she stare at he . morgan they all look ... pretty nice . Morgan move close to Anne . morgan ( cont 'd ) this be not as much fun as I have anticipate . anne why ? morgan I be the only guy in here . Anne smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . int . victoria secret - fitting room Morgan stand nervously outside one of the fitting room . anne ( 0.s. ) Morgan , honey , come in here . morgan I do not think I be allow in there . Anne poke she head out , say : anne Morgan , get in here . fitting room as Morgan slip in . the room 's small , they be stand about three inch from each other . morgan be you sure this be a good idea ? anne of course ... well ... Anne jut she breast out , wear a red lace bra . anne ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) what do you think ? morgan it 's great . I will see you later . Morgan start to exit . anne wait a minute ... what about this one ? Anne slip the bra off . Morgan try not to stare , but the room 's too small , there 's not much else to stare at . Anne bump Morgan as she put another bra on , a black one . anne ( cont 'd ) you like this one ? morgan it 's great . I think I get to go build something , or work on my truck . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90 . continued : Anne pull the bra off and put on another one . morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) I think I see a hardware store on the way in . need to get a chainsaw ... or a lawn mower . int . victoria secret Morgan and Anne slip out of the fitting room , laugh ... the middle - age woman stare at they . int . four season mall - courtyard Morgan and Anne sit on a bench , drink a icee and eat a pretzel . a brief silence as they watch the people walk past ; a couple hold hand . anne do you have a good time ? morgan yeah , it be almost too good . Anne kiss Morgan . morgan ( cont 'd ) no kissing in public . Anne smile . morgan ( cont 'd ) maybe we should go panty shopping sometime . Anne laugh and they kiss ... morgan ( v.o. ) where the hell 's Juan ? int . outback steak house - dish area - night Jason stand in the dish area wear he tie and press pants . jason what time be he suppose to be here ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91 . continued : Morgan 's in the pit rack the dirty dish , fall behind , try to stack the clean dish as they come out of the hobart , too . morgan four-thirty . Jason look at the clock . it 's 5:30 . jason you should have stop fuck he mom . int . outback steak house - dish area - later now Jason 's get a apron over he dress clothes . he 's stack the clean dish as they come out of the dishwasher with skill and precision . Morgan 's in the pit . he 's not behind anymore . Dean , the manager , walk by , say : dean the dynamic duo , back in action . and disappear into he office . Morgan and Jason keep pump the dish through and the dish Dog theme song start to rise one last time ... dish area - later it 's the busy time of the busy night ... waiter and waitress flock to the dish area , pour dirty dish onto the dish counter but ... Morgan 's there , fill the rack as fast as the wait staff can supply dirty dish . he slide the rack through the hobart and ... Jason 's on top of it , keep up with the heavy flow of clean dish that the hobart expel . a waitress fill the wine glass rack . waitress full wine glass . Morgan pull it down and hand it to Jason and Jason slide it into the hobart . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92. dish area - later the kitchen be still in a flurry but Morgan stand in the pit drink a soda and Jason lean against the counter eat a chocolate thunder . jason toy . dish area - later rack of dish cover the counter . Morgan keep rack , wait for ... Jason , who 's change the soap . he slide the dirty barrel of soap water out and slide a new one in . jason go! and Morgan slide a rack of dish into the hobart . dish area - later Jason pull the rubber mat outside . Morgan mop the floor . Jason return , remove he apron . he throw it into the laundry bin , sit down on the counter . Morgan finish up , sit down next to Jason . jason I be get marry . morgan to who ? jason you mom . morgan good. jason I would like you to be the best man ? morgan I be busy that day . jason you do not even know when it be . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . continued : morgan trust I , I be busy . I will be on the road . Morgan exit . ext . baby doll - night Morgan pull up in the truck , get out , and run inside . int . baby doll Morgan scan the room for Anne , it 's crowded . no sign of Anne but he see Susan and go to she . morgan where 's Anne ? dewit emerge from the darkness . dewit yeah , that 's what I would like to know . susan she go home sick . very sick . Morgan disappear into the crowd . dewit hey -- ext . anne's apartment - STREET - night the truck pull up . Morgan get out and run to Anne 's apartment . ext . anne's apartment - entrance Morgan knock on Anne 's door . no answer . he knock again . morgan Anne ! he knock again . a light go on in the apartment and the door slowly open . Anne 's stare at Morgan . anne hi. morgan hey . Jason 's get marry . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94 , continued : Anne open the door to let Morgan in . int . anne's apartment - bedroom - night darkness . Morgan and Anne lie on the bed , under a sheet , kissing , roll around . morgan it 's not go to mean anything . Anne cover he lip with a deep kiss and climb on top of he and she 's in control as they make love . int . anne's apartment - bedroom - day Morgan and Anne lie in bed . anne want to do it again ? Morgan 's silent . Anne snuggle up to he and he put he arm around she . int . family restaurant - day Anne and Morgan eat breakfast . Morgan 's distant . Anne notice . silence , until : anne maybe you parent would like to come down and see I dance ? morgan what ? anne I say , maybe you parent would like to come down and see I dance ? morgan I doubt it . anne what be they go to think about I be a stripper ? morgan I do not know ? anne what 's wrong ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . continued : morgan I get to go read some nietzsche or hemingway . Anne smile . morgan ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Jason 's get marry and get a career . I do not know which be worse , wallowing in the dish pit or get execute ? it 's not much of a choice . anne everything ' 1ll be alright . morgan no , it 's not . it 's not go to be alright . that seem to be what grow up 's about . it 's not that thing be go to be alright , and everything 's go to work out , it 's - it 's about accept the fact that thing be not go to be all right . anne do you need a hug ? morgan a hug ? a hug ! I needa guillotine . ( and ) I mean , the mind and the body - it 's not like they have to be connect . you be twenty - one year old , I be older than you and think a lot more about it . you have not read any nietzsche or ... Freud or ... Shaw . how can you be so sure ? why be woman so damn sure ? on the one side I think I love you and I would like to just buy a house and live with you , but then , over here , it 's like what 's the point ? we will just get old and die , and - and we will have a couple of kid that never really care about we . but then , back over here , what else be there ? I mean sure it 's not that much but - but at least it 's something . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96 . continued : ( 2 ) morgan ( cont 'd ) and then I resent all this thought be cloud by love . I mean why can not I just throw that out and make a rational decision ? Cause I know I can not not see you again , but then we will just have more sex and get more attach , and I mean , I can not have that , but then of course the cloud will wear off . I mean , even if we do get marry , at least I get the seven year itch to look forward to . anne the seven year itch ? Morgan throw down he napkin and storm out . int . wright' house - morgan' bedroom - day Morgan lie on he bed . Mrs. Taylor stand over he . mrs . wright I do not raise you to go off with a whore ! morgan but you want I to go out with Jennifer Taylor ? mrs . wright I be not kid Morgan . do you want to have people whisper behind you back for the rest of you life . do you think they will ever accept a girl like that ? Morgan get up to leave . mrs . wright ( cont 'd ) where be you go . morgan to talk to Professor frost . mrs . wright that 's a good idea , go seek the advice of a alcoholic . Morgan look at she quizzically and exit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97. ext . truck - day Morgan drive across town . morgan ( v.o . ) it be not that easy . you grow up , you get marry , you have a couple of kid , and you die . it 's too easy . something can not be that easy and right . maybe I will go back to school and become a professor . morgan ( continue ) then I could just teach my class and read my book . I be never much of a student though , so I be not sure what respectable university would accept I . I guess I could coach tennis . ext . professor frost's house - night the truck be park on the street . morgan ( v.o. ) I know it may be worthless , but I be just not sure I will ever be happy if I do not get marry and have a family . I mean it do not have to be the same kind of family that my parent have , but I be not sure you can really be happy without it . but I be not sure I want to be happy . int . professor frost's house - office - night Professor frost sit at he desk listen , drink he orange juice from a glass . Morgan sit across from he . morgan ( continue ) maybe the answer be , there be no answer . frost listen , smile . frost be not you go to Jason 's wedding ? morgan when be it ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98 . continued : frost tomorrow . morgan shit . morgan ( cont 'd ) I have run so long . I have come so far . and now I meet this girl . be that all life amount to ? frost only if you be really lucky . and Morgan laugh a little and think this be a joke . morgan what ? frost only if you be really lucky . morgan but look at you ? you be a man all you be own . frost I be a miserable lonely bastard . I drink myself into oblivion five night out of the week . I meet a girl once . in Hawaii , when I be work on my ph.d . we fall in love . we make beautiful love on the beach , but - but I be young and I let she go . I think I be go to find more . morgan what happen to she ? frost she get marry ... if you have meet someone you really love , and she love you back , you better grab a hold of she because you might not ever get another chance . morgan but what about , " a man with a future to a man with a past ? " ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . continued : ( 2 ) frost Shaw get marry . when we die we have get nothing but a past , so you better make sure you be ready . Morgan take it in , he mind racing ... int . professor frost's house - hallway - night Morgan run down the hall , down the stair . int . professor frost's house - live room - night as Morgan run to the phone , pick it up , dial . morgan ( into phone ) could I speak to Anne , please . it 's a emergency . Morgan wait , finally : anne ( v.o. ) hello ? morgan hey it 's I . you need someone to pick you up ? and there 's a long silence . int . baby doll - hallway - pay phone Anne stand by the phone , half naked , as patron walk by stare at she . dewit wait in the background . anne no ... that 's okay . morgan ( v.o. ) how be you go to get home . anne I will just get a ride home from one of the girl . morgan ( v.o. ) what ? why ? I will come get you . I want to . anne I get to pay dewit back tonight . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . int . professor frost's house - live room this hit Morgan . morgan what do you get to do ? anne ( v.o. ) I do not want to talk about it . I get to go . morgan how much do you owe he ? anne ( v.o. ) nevermind . morgan wait - wait , how much money do you owe he ? anne ( v.o. ) about eight hundred . I get to go . click . morgan wait . Anne 's go . int . wright' house - morgan' bedroom - night Morgan dash in , go straight for he bag , pull out Shaw , turn to page three hundred , grab the three hundred cash , and exit . ext . STREET - night the truck race through traffic . int . baby doll - foyer - night dewit wait . Anne enter and dewit wrap he arm around Anne . dewit gonna be the easiest money you ever make . or the hardest . dewit grin and they exit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . ext . larry kristopherson's kash for kar - night as the truck pull in . Larry approach the truck as Morgan jump out . morgan how much ? larry you want to sell it ? morgan yeah , and I be in a hurry . larry I will give you two - fifty for it . morgan come on , it 's worth at least a grand . larry where 's the gold ? morgan what ? larry do it have gold in the glove box that I do not know about ? Morgan go to the glove box , grab the old beat up map . larry ( cont 'd ) that 's be not gold . morgan yeah it be . I get to have five hundred . Larry think about it and ... larry deal . int . cadillac deville - night they drive down battleground Road . dewit do you hear about that train wreck down in madison county ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . continued : Anne shake she head , " no . " dewit ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) nigger go and run the train right off the track . know how I know it be a nigger ? Anne stare out the window . tear stream down she face . dewit ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) Cause I see the picture . ext . STREET - night Morgan run through the street , sweat , breathe . int . cadillac deville - night the car be park . dewit and Anne sit in the front seat . dewit let 's go . Anne wipe she face . they get out . they're in the Super 8 Motel parking lot . Anne look back toward the street . ext . baby doll as Morgan race into the parking lot , out of breath but determine to keep go . at the door the bouncer try to stop Morgan but he run past he . bouncer hey ! int . baby doll as Morgan enter , scan the room for Anne , but she 's not there . Morgan stop Susan . morgan where 's Anne ? susan she leave . morgan where would she go ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . continued : and now the bouncer be on Morgan , pull he out the door . bouncer Boy , you be go to make I mad if you be not careful . morgan ( to Susan ) I have get the money . ( scream now ) where would he take she ? susan he take she to the Super 8 . and now the bouncer can not pull Morgan anymore because Morgan 's on he foot run out the door . Morgan 's go . ext . battleground road - night foot pump , breath labor , Morgan run across the street , through a stop light , through traffic . he keep run . ext . battleground road - further up slow , exhaust , determine , Morgan push himself on . ext . super 8 motel - parking lot - night as Morgan round the corner into the parking lot , scream : morgan annnnnnnnnne ! Morgan go straight to the office . int . super 8 motel - office a young man sit behind the desk play a guitar . Morgan stumble to the counter , panting , out of breath . morgan a - a girl - a - and a redneck . whe - where be they ? young man do you have a name ? morgan Anne ... the Young man check he book . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . continued : young man I be sorry we do not have anyone under that name register here . Morgan run out . young man ( cont 'd ) do you check the Motel 6 ? ext . super 8 motel as Morgan exit the office and start run past the row of door , knocking loudly on each one , yell : morgan annnnnnne ! and people start come out of they room to see what all the commotion be about and Morgan keep yell : morgan ( cont 'd ) annnnne ! and now Morgan 's at the end of the row . he bound up the stair ... morgan ( cont 'd ) annnnnne ! and continue banging on the second story door . morgan ( cont 'd ) annnne ! int . super 8 motel - bedroom darkness . morgan ( 0.s. ) annnne ! Anne turn on the light . dewit lie on the bed , naked . Anne 's down to just she panty and bra and she go for the door and ... dewit go for she but she swing the door open ... and Morgan stumble by and stop instantly . he slowly enter . dewit why do not you just run along . you girl friend have a debt to pay . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . continued : Morgan , still panting stare at dewit . morgan ( to Anne ) get dress . Anne start to get dress . Morgan pull out the $ 800 and throw it on the bed . dewit snatch it up , start count it , piss as hell and still naked . Anne 's dress now . she hug and kiss Morgan and they start to leave but ... Morgan spot dewit 's car key on the bureau and grab they . morgan ( cont 'd ) we will bring it back on Monday . Morgan and Anne be go . dewit hey ! ext . super 8 motel dewit exit . a woman stare at he . he 's still naked . he jump back into the room . ext . super 8 motel - stair Morgan and Anne , together , run down the stair . morgan you want to go to a wedding ? Anne kiss Morgan . ext . tuxedo store - parking lot - day Anne wait in the cadillac . Morgan run out carry he tuxedo . ext . highway - day the cadillac speed by , away from Greensboro ... ext . highway - day the cadillac speed by Hickory , n.c. int . methodist church - room - day Jason 's in he tuxedo pace nervously . David 's by he side . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . int . cadillac the speedometer hit 100 mph . Morgan put he tuxedo on . ext . highway - day Mountains and tree . the cadillac speed toward asheville , n.c. ext . highway - day the cadillac take the ashville , n.c. exit . ext . ashville , n.c . - tunnel road - day the cadillac maneuver through traffic , turn off on a small road . int . methodist church - day Flowers and candle . Pew after pew of people , old and young alike , all dress for the occasion . the music start to swell . at the back of the church Jason and the groomsmen wait . Jason look at David , at the entrance , and they start walk down the isle , toward the front of the church . ext . methodist church - day the cadillac screech to a halt and Morgan and Anne get out and Morgan grab Anne 's hand and they run into the church . int . methodist church - day as Morgan and Anne enter . Morgan 's slide on he tuxedo jacket . molly and she father wait at the end of the isle . Molly see Morgan and smile . molly go Morgan ! now about half way down , Jason and the groomsman keep walk . Morgan move in front of David , who 's right behind Jason . David smile and hand Morgan the ring . Jason turn around , see Morgan , keep walk . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . continued : jason what be you do here ? morgan nothin ' . what be you do here ? jason nothin ' . and they smile and keep walk . int . methodist church - alter - day the priest look down at Molly and Jason . Morgan hand Jason the ring and Jason slide it onto Molly 's finger . priest by the power vested in I , I now pronounce you husband and wife . Anne stare at Morgan dream of she own wedding day . Morgan look back , smile . Jason kiss Molly . ext . methodist church - reception room - day freddy and the fantastics play " baby oh baby . " the dance floor be fill with happy couple , include Karen and David , Jason and Molly , Mr. and Mrs. wright , and Morgan and Anne . as Morgan dance past Jason he say : morgan this be a lot of wedding for fifteen thousand dollar . and Jason laugh and " baby oh baby " crescendos up and people keep dance . and as the camera pull back we see Professor frost and Shane sit at a table alone , watch the couple dance . fade out . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library