a Christmas Carol int . the study - night huge gold lettering on the bind of a book . quite unexpectedly , it read : great expectation beside it on a shelf be other book : oliver twist , david copperfield , and , of course , a christmas carol . a small hand reach for this last and pull it off the shelf . a sober-face , young girl , maybe ten year old , clutches the book to she bosom and intently carry it out of the room and into : int . the sitting -room a cheerily - light sit - room in London , England , one Christmas Eve in the 1860s . the girl carry the book to a corner of the room where a man sit before a large picture window revealing a snow cover street under a night sky . handsome , in he late twenty , with a pleasant voice , obviously a favorite uncle -- he be surround by a noisy circle of child and young adult . he be to be the narrator of the story . they be pester he for something and he be wave they off . narrator I do not know why you should want to hear this story again . you must have hear it a dozen time by now . the skeptical adolescent a hundred . the adolescent who wished he be a adult a thousand . but it 's good for a laugh . the skeptical adolescent and it 's you story as much as it be anyone 's . be not it ? narrator ( genuine modesty ) maybe it be . but I be not sure I be necessarily the right one to tell it . the skeptical adolescent aw , that 's not true . grandmother say you be the only one who know how to tell it right . the other , particularly the young child , murmur agreement . the ten year old girl press through the little crowd with the book in she hand . the ten year old girl please . we want to hear it from you . she hand the narrator the book . he smile at it and set it in he lap unopen as the ten year old girl sit at he foot . slowly , some of the other begin to sit down too . narrator ( off the book ) oh , now , you know , I do not really need this . the narrator , stare at the book , be suddenly lose in think and talk as much to himself as to the other . narrator I have be tell this story every Christmas now for oh , I do not know how many year . since I be a boy . and I know it by heart . it always begin the same way . a pause . the ten year old girl ( very quietly ) how do it begin ? the narrator abruptly look up . everyone be now seat . they stare at he expectantly . and without any warning , he begin . narrator Old marley be as dead as a door-nail . this must be distinctly understand or nothing wonderful can come of the story I be go to relate . so , remember , Old marley be as dead as a door-nail . the registrar of he burial be sign by ebenezer scrooge . and scrooge 's name be good on the London Exchange for anything he choose to put he hand to . as he speak , the view of the street through the window behind he blur and resolve itself into a view of the London Exchange . int . the london exchange - day late afternoon on Christmas Eve , in the year 1843 . the Exchange be pack with well - dress businessman who hurry up and down , and chink the money in they pocket , and converse in group , and look at they watch , and trifle thoughtfully with they great gold seal ; and so forth . among they number be a fat man with a monstrous chin who chat with a red - face man with a pendulous excrescence . also present be a man with a sharp and bitter face -- and as bald as Patrick Stewart , give or take a hair . this be ebenezer scrooge . scrooge be bundle up he coat and head for the exit when the fat man make eye contact with he . fat man with a monstrous chin ah , mister scrooge ... scrooge you servant , sir . fat man with a monstrous chin be you off home to keep Christmas ? scrooge I be not in the habit of keep Christmas , sir . red -face man with a pendulous excrescence then why be you leave so early ? scrooge Christmas have a habit of keep man from do business . red -face man with a pendulous excrescence come , it 's in the nature of thing that ant toil and grasshopper sing and play , mister scrooge . scrooge a ant be what it be and a grasshopper be what it be and Christmas , sir , be a humbug . good day . the two man laugh at scrooge as he exit the Exchange . dissolve to : ext . the london exchange moment later , on the massive stone step just outside the Exchange , a shiver , poorly - dressed man see scrooge walk toward he . scrooge pay he no heed and walk past . the man follow and clutches at scrooge 's sleeve . the two man descend the step together . poorly -dress man mister scrooge , sir . scrooge who be you ? poorly -dress man Samuel Wilson , sir . scrooge oh , yes . you owe I a little matter of twenty - odd pound , I believe . well , if you want to pay it , come to my place of business . I do not conduct my affair in the tooth of inclement weather . poorly -dress man I - I can not pay you , sir . scrooge I be not surprised . poorly-dressed man not unless you give I more time . scrooge do I ask you for more time to lend you the money ? poorly-dressed man oh , no , sir . scrooge then why should you ask for more time to pay it back ? poorly-dressed man I can not take my wife to a debtor 's prison . scrooge then leave she behind . why should she go to a debtor ' prison anyway ? she do not borrow the twenty pound . you do . what have you wife get to do with it ? for that matter , what have I get to do with it ? good afternoon . scrooge try to walk off but the man clutches at he sleeve . poorly -dress man but , mister scrooge . it 's Christmas ! scrooge shake the man off . scrooge Christmas have even less to do with it , my dear sir , than you wife have or I have . you would still owe I twenty pound that you be not in the position to repay if it be the middle of a heat wave on August Bank holiday . good afternoon . scrooge stalk away as the stunne man stand and stare at he . dissolve to : ext . a london STREET outside scrooge 's count - house . cold , bleak , bite weather . people in the street go wheeze up and down , beat they hand upon they breast , and stamp they foot upon the pavement stone to warm they . the city clock strike three , but it 's quite dark already . candle flare in the window of the neighbour office , like ruddy smear upon the palpable brown air . the fog come pour in at every chink and keyhole , and be so dense that although the street be narrow , the house opposite be mere phantom . the sign above the count - house door read : scrooge & marley a tall man -- whom we will come to know as scrooge 's nephew , fred -- rapidly walk up to the door , open it , and enter . int . counting -house scrooge 's clerk , bob cratchit , sit in a dismal little cell , a sort of tank copying letter . there 's a very small fire , so small that it look like there 's only one lump of coal . the clerk put on he white comforter , try -- and fail -- to warm himself at the candle . Fred appear , all in a glow ; he face ruddy and handsome ; he eye sparkle , and he breath smoke in the cold . he grin at Bob cratchit who raise a eyebrow , surprised to see he . Fred cross to the doorway of a adjacent office in which someone sit , hunch over a desk , busily write . fred a merry Christmas , uncle ! God save you ! the person at the desk spin around , glaring at the intruder . it 's scrooge . scrooge bah ! humbug ! fred Christmas a humbug , uncle ? you do not mean that , I be sure . scrooge I do . merry Christmas ! what right have you to be merry ? what reason have you to be merry ? you be poor enough . fred come , then . what right have you to be dismal ? what reason have you to be morose ? you be rich enough . scrooge have no better answer ready . scrooge bah ! humbug . fred do not be cross , uncle . Fred enter the office and cross to a gothic window in the wall from which be visible the ancient tower of a church . scrooge what else can I be when I live in such a world of fool as this merry Christmas ! out upon merry Christmas . what 's Christmas time to you but a time for pay bill without money ; a time for find yourself a year older , but not a hour richer ; a time for balance you book and have every item in ‘em through a round dozen of month present dead against you ? ( beat ) if I could work my will , every idiot who go about with " merry Christmas " on he lip , should be boil with he own pudding , and bury with a stake of holly through he heart . he should ! fred uncle ! scrooge nephew ! ( beat ) keep Christmas in you own way , and let I keep it in mine . fred keep it ! but you do not keep it . scrooge let I leave it alone , then . much good may it do you ! much good it have ever do you ! fred ( casually ) there be many thing from which I might have derive good , by which I have not profit , I dare say . Christmas among the rest . but I be sure I have always think of Christmas time , when it have come round -- apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin , if anything belong to it can be apart from that -- as a good time : a kind , forgive , charitable , pleasant time : the only time I know of , in the long calendar of the year , when man and woman seem by one consent to open they shut - up heart freely , and to think of people below they as if they really be fellow - passenger to the grave , and not another race of creature bound on other journey . and therefore , uncle , though it have never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket , I believe that it have do I good , and will do I good ; and I say , God bless it ! Bob cratchit , still in the tank , involuntarily applaud . become immediately sensible of the impropriety , he quickly poke the fire , and extinguish the last frail spark . scrooge ( to Bob cratchit ) let I hear another sound from you and you will keep you Christmas by lose you job . ( to he nephew ) you be quite a powerful speaker , sir . I wonder you do not go into parliament . fred do not be angry , uncle . come ! dine with we to-morrow . ( a long pause ) will you come see we ? scrooge oh , I will see you all right ... I will see you in hell . fred ( astonished ) but why ? why ? scrooge why do you get marry ? fred ( confuse ) because I fall in love . scrooge look at he as if fall in love be the only thing in the world more ridiculous than a merry Christmas . scrooge because you fall in love ! good afternoon ! fred uncle , you never come to see I before that happen . why give it as a reason for not come now ? scrooge good afternoon . fred I want nothing from you ; I ask nothing of you ; why can not we be friend ? scrooge good afternoon . fred I be sorry , with all my heart , to find you so resolute . we have never have any quarrel , to which I have be a party . but I have make the trial in homage to Christmas , and I will keep my Christmas humour to the last . so a merry Christmas , uncle ! scrooge good afternoon . fred and a happy New Year ! scrooge good afternoon . Fred leave the room with a wry grin . on he way out the front door and buttone he coat , he exchange greeting with Bob cratchit . fred how be Mrs cratchit and all the small , assort cratchit ? bob cratchit very good , sir . fred all champ at the bit wait for Christmas to begin , eh ? bob cratchit oh , yes , sir . all very eager . fred and the little lame boy . which one be he ? Tim ? bob cratchit Tim , sir . fred that 's right . how be he ? bob cratchit we be in high hope he 's get better , sir . fred good . a merry Christmas to you . bob cratchit same to you , sir , I be sure . fred thank you . Bob cratchit watch Fred exit , then glance at scrooge 's office , surprised to find scrooge glaring at he . scrooge and you ! Fifteen shilling a week , and a wife and family , talk about a merry Christmas . I will retire to bedlam . Bob cratchit watch scrooge shake he head and return to he desk . int . counting -house not long after , two portly gentlemen , pleasant to behold , stand , with they hat off , in scrooge 's office . they hold book and papers in they hand , and bow to he . the 1st gentleman glance at a list . 1st gentleman scrooge and marley 's , I believe . ( cheerfully ) have I the pleasure of address Mr scrooge , or Mr marley ? scrooge ( melodramatically ) Mr marley have be dead this seven year . he die seven year ago , this very night . the two gentleman exchange glance while scrooge grin malevolently at they . the first gentleman hand he credential to scrooge . 1st gentleman ( to scrooge ) we have no doubt he liberality be well represent by he survive partner . at the ominous word " liberality " , scrooge frown , shake he head , and hand the credential back . the 2nd gentleman take pen in hand . 2nd gentleman at this festive season of the year , Mr scrooge , it be more than usually desirable that we should make some slight provision for the poor and destitute , who suffer greatly at the present time . many thousand be in want of common necessity ; hundred of thousand be in want of common comfort , sir . scrooge be there no prison ? the gentleman lay down he pen . 2nd gentleman plenty of prison . scrooge and the Union workhouses ? be they still in operation ? 1st gentleman they be . still . I wish I could say they be not . scrooge the treadmill and the poor Law be in full vigour , then ? 1st gentleman both very busy , sir . scrooge oh ! I be afraid , from what you say at first , that something have occur to stop they in they useful course . I be very glad to hear it . 1st gentleman under the impression that they scarcely furnish Christian cheer of mind or body to the multitude , a few of we be attempt to raise a fund to buy the poor some meat and drink , and mean of warmth . what shall I put you down for ? scrooge nothing ! 1st gentleman you wish to be anonymous ? scrooge I wish to be leave alone . since you ask I what I wish , gentleman , that be my answer . I do not make merry myself at Christmas and I can not afford to make idle people merry . I help to support the establishment I have mention : they cost enough : and that who be badly off must go there . 1st gentleman many can not go there ; and many would rather die . scrooge if they would rather die , they have better do it , and decrease the surplus population . besides -- excuse I -- I do not know that . 1st gentleman but you might know it . scrooge it 's not my business . it 's enough for a man to understand he own business , and not to interfere with other people 's . mine occupy I constantly . good afternoon , gentleman ! scrooge return to he paperwork as the gentleman exchange astonished look . ext . street of london - night the fog and darkness have thicken . people run about with flaring torch , proffering they service to go before horse in carriage , and conduct they on they way . at the corner , some labourer repair gas-pipe , and have light a great fire in a iron basket , round which a party of rag man and boy gather : warming they hand and winking they eye before the blaze in rapture . the water - plug be leave in solitude , its overflowing have sullenly congeal , and turn into misanthropic ice . the brightness of the shop where holly sprig and berry crackle in the lamp -heat of the window , make pale face ruddy as they pass . a lean woman emerge from the butcher ! with a package of meat . ext . counting -house a small boy nervously approach scrooge 's window to regale he with a Christmas carol : but at the first sound of " God bless you , merry gentleman ! May nothing you dismay ! " scrooge seize a ruler with such energy of action that the singer flee in terror . int . counting -house the moment the boy have fle , scrooge 's threaten countenance relax and he grin , rather pleased with himself . scrooge glance at the church tower , nearly invisible in the fog , as its clock strike the hour , with tremulous vibration afterwards as if its tooth be chatter in its freeze head . time to shut up the count - house . with a ill-will , scrooge dismount from he stool , and nod to Bob cratchit , who instantly snuff he candle out , and put on he hat . scrooge you will want all day tomorrow , I suppose ? bob cratchit if quite convenient , Sir . scrooge it 's not convenient , and it 's not fair . if I be to stop half - a- crown for it , you would think yourself ill-use , I will be bound ? Bob cratchit smile faintly . scrooge and yet , you do not think I ill-use , when I pay a day 's wage for no work . bob cratchit it 's only once a year , Mr scrooge . scrooge a poor excuse for pick a man 's pocket every twenty - fifth of December , scrooge button he great - coat to the chin . scrooge but I suppose you must have the whole day . be here all the earlier next morning ! bob cratchit I will . I promise . scrooge walk out into the street with a growl . Bob cratchit close the office in a twinkle . ext . london STREET a coatless , shiver Bob cratchit lock the front door and rush off with the long end of he white comforter dangle below he waist . int . tavern scrooge eat a melancholy dinner in a melancholy tavern ; the newspaper he have just read lie in a stack on he table ; he study he banker 's - book . ext . scrooge's build a dark and threaten building . nobody life in it but scrooge , the other room be all let out as office . the yard be so dark that scrooge grope with he hand through the fog and frost to the black old doorway of the house on which be a fairly large knocker . scrooge put he key in the lock of the door and glance at the knocker . without its undergo any intermediate process of change , the knocker be no longer a knocker , but marley 's face . scrooge gasp . scrooge ( whisper ) marley ? marley 's face . not in impenetrable shadow as the other object in the yard be , but with a dismal light about it , like a bad lobster in a dark cellar . not angry or ferocious , the face look at scrooge as marley use to look : with ghostly spectacle turn up upon its ghostly forehead ; the hair curiously stir , as if by breath or hot -air ; eye wide open but perfectly motionless . that , and its livid colour , make it horrible ; but its horror seem to be in spite of the face and beyond its control , rather than a part of its own expression . as scrooge let go of the key and stare fixedly at this phenomenon , it become a knocker again . startle , scrooge put he hand upon the key , turn it sturdily , walk in , and light he candle . int . entry hall scrooge pause to look cautiously behind the door , as if he half expect to see marley 's pigtail stick out into the hall . but there 's nothing on the back of the door , except the screw and nut that hold the knocker on . scrooge close the door with a bang . the sound echoe through the house like thunder . he fasten the door , walk across the hall , and up the stair , slowly , trimming he candle as he go . int . the stair a grand old flight of stair , very wide , very dark . scrooge peer up into the darkness and , for a moment , he think he see a something that look like a hearse go on before he in the gloom . he pause , blink , shake he head , then continue , mutter to himself . int . scrooge's room - montage a suspicious , slightly unnerve scrooge walk through he gloomy suite of room -- sit - room , lumber-room , bed-room -- to be sure that everything 's all right . in the sit - room , he find nobody under the table , nobody under the sofa ; a small fire in the grate ; spoon and basin ready ; and a little saucepan of gruel ( scrooge have a cold in he head ) upon the hob . lumber-room as usual . Old fire - guard , old shoe , two fish - basket , wash - stand on three leg , and a poker . bed-room as usual . nobody under the bed ; nobody in the closet . suddenly , he see a ghostly white shape in the darkness on the opposite side of the room . scrooge tense up for a moment until he realize it 's only he dress - gown , hang up in a suspicious attitude against the wall . quite satisfied , he close he door , and lock himself in ; in fact , he double - lock himself in , not he custom . secure against surprise , he return to the bed-room , take off he cravat and start to put on he dress - gown , slipper , and night - cap . int . scrooge's sitting -room have change clothes , scrooge sit down before the fire to take he gruel . it 's a very low fire and scrooge sit close to it . the fireplace be a old one , build by some dutch merchant long ago , and paved all round with quaint dutch tile , design to illustrate the scripture . cain and abel , pharaoh 's daughter , queen of sheba , angelic messenger descend through the air on cloud like feather - bed , abraham , belshazzar , apostle put off to sea in butter - boat , hundred of figure . scrooge take a mouthful of gruel and glance at the fireplace . flash CUT of every tile adorn with marley 's face as it be on the door-knocker . scrooge blink -- and see that the tile have return to normal . scrooge rise and pace the room , feel unsettle . after several turn , and more than a few nervous glance at the fireplace , he sit down again . as he throw he head back in the chair , he glance happen to rest upon a bell , a disus bell , that hang in the room . as he look , the bell begin to swing . it swing so softly at the outset that it scarcely make a sound ; but soon it ring out loudly , and for the next twenty second , so do every bell in the house . throughout , a uneasy look slowly cross scrooge 's face . all at once , the bell cease . scrooge relax , but only for a moment : a clanking noise come from deep down below , as if some person be drag a heavy chain over the cask in the wine - merchant 's cellar . the sound of a downstairs door fly open with a booming sound , and then the clanking noise much louder , on the floor below ; then come up the stair ; then come straight towards he door . scrooge start talk to himself . scrooge it 's humbug still ! I will not believe it . the colour leave scrooge 's face though , when , without a pause , the source of the noise come on through the heavy door , and pass into the room before scrooge 's very eye . upon its come in , the die flame leap up in the fire - place and fall again . the same face : the very same . jacob marley' ghost in he pigtail , usual waistcoat , tight , and boot ; the tassel on the latter bristle , like he pigtail , and he coat-skirt , and the hair upon he head . a wrapper , a fold kerchief be bound about marley 's head and chin . a long chain be clasped about he middle , wound about he like a tail ; and make of cash - box , key , padlock , ledger , deed , and heavy purse wringht in steel . marley 's body be transparent so that scrooge , observe he closely , can look through he waistcoat and see the two button on he coat behind . scrooge feel the need to crack a joke to keep down he terror . scrooge ( softly ) I would often hear it say that you have no heart , marley , but I never believe it until now . scrooge stare into the ghost 's death - cold eye and revert to he cold and caustic self . scrooge how now ! what do you want with I ? marley much ! scrooge who be you ? marley ask I who I be . scrooge who be you then ? marley in life I be you partner , Jacob marley . scrooge ( doubt fully ) can you -- can you sit down ? marley I can . scrooge do it , then . marley sit down on the opposite side of the fireplace , as if he be quite use to it . scrooge stare at the ghost 's fix , glaze eye as it sit perfectly motionless though its hair , and skirt , and tassel , still quiver as if by the hot vapour from a oven . marley you do not believe in I . scrooge I do not . marley what evidence would you have of my reality beyond that of you sense ? scrooge I do not know . marley why do you doubt you sense ? scrooge because a little thing affect they . a slight disorder of the stomach make they cheat . you may be a undigested bit of beef , a blot of mustard , a crumb of cheese , a fragment of a underdone potato . there 's more of gravy than of grave about you , whatever you be ! you see this toothpick ? scrooge hold up a toothpick . the ghost 's eye do not move . marley I do . scrooge you be not look at it . marley but I see it , notwithstand . scrooge well ! I have but to swallow this , and be for the rest of my day persecute by a legion of goblin , all of my own creation . humbug , I tell you ; humbug ! at this , the spirit raise a frightful cry , and shake its chain with such a dismal and appall noise , that scrooge hold on tight to he chair , to save himself from fall in a swoon . marley start take off the bandage round its head , as if it be too warm to wear in - door . when marley 's lower jaw drop down to he breast , scrooge fall on he knee , and clasp he hand before he face . scrooge mercy ! dreadful apparition , why do you trouble I ? marley man of the worldly mind ! do you believe in I or not ? scrooge I do . I must . but why do spirit walk the earth , and why do they come to I ? marley it be require of every man that the spirit within he should walk abroad among he fellow - man , and travel far and wide ; and if that spirit go not go forth in life , it be condemn to do so after death . it be doom to wander through the world -- oh , woe be I ! -- and witness what it cannot share , but might have share on earth , and turn to happiness ! again marley raise a cry , and shake he chain , and wring he shadowy hand . scrooge you be fettere . tell I why ? marley I wear the chain I forge in life . I make it link by link , and yard by yard ; I gird it on of my own free will , and of my own free will I wear it . be its pattern strange to you ? scrooge tremble more and more . marley or would you know the weight and length of the strong coil you bear yourself ? it be full as heavy and as long as this , seven Christmas eves ago . you have labour on it , since . it be a ponderous chain ! scrooge glance about he on the floor , in the expectation of find himself surround by some fifty or sixty fathom of iron cable : but he see nothing . scrooge Jacob . Old Jacob marley , tell I more . speak comfort to I , Jacob . marley I have none to give . it come from other region , ebenezer scrooge , and be convey by other minister , to other kind of man . nor can I tell you what I would . a very little more , be all permit to I . I can not rest , I can not stay , I can not linger anywhere . my spirit never walk beyond we count - house -- mark I ! -- in life my spirit never rove beyond the narrow limit of we money - change hole ; and weary journey lie before I ! scrooge you must have be very slow about it , Jacob . marley slow ! scrooge Seven year dead . and travel all the time ? marley the whole time . no rest , no peace . incessant torture of remorse . scrooge you travel fast ? marley on the wing of the wind . scrooge you might have get over a great quantity of ground in seven year . marley scream another cry , and clank he chain hideously . marley oh ! captive , bound , and double-iron ! not to know , that age of incessant labour by immortal creature , for this earth must pass into eternity before the good of which it be susceptible be all develop . not to know that any Christian spirit work kindly in its little sphere , whatever it may be , will find its mortal life too short for its vast mean of usefulness . not to know that no space of regret can make amend for one life 's opportunity misus ! yet such be I ! oh ! such be I ! scrooge but you be always a good man of business , Jacob . marley Business ! mankind be my business . the common welfare be my business ; charity , mercy , forbearance , and benevolence , be , all , my business . the dealing of my trade be but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business ! marley hold up he chain at arm 's length , as if that be the cause of all he unavail grief , and fling it heavily to the floor again . marley at this time of the year , I suffer most . why do I walk through crowd of fellow - being with my eye turn down , and never raise they to that bless Star which lead the Wise Men to a poor abode ? be there no poor home to which its light would have conduct I ! scrooge shiver . marley hear I ! my time be nearly go . scrooge I will . but do not be hard upon I ! do not be flowery , Jacob ! marley how it be that I appear before you in a shape that you can see , I may not tell . I have sit invisible beside you many and many a day . scrooge shiver at this , and wipe the perspiration from he brow . marley that be no light part of my penance . I be here to - night to warn you , that you have yet a chance and hope of escape my fate . a chance and hope of my procure , ebenezer . scrooge you be always a good friend to I . thank'ee ! marley you will be haunt ... by Three spirit . scrooge 's jaw drop almost as low as marley 's have do . scrooge be that the chance and hope you mention , Jacob ? marley it be . scrooge I -- I think I would rather not . marley without they visit , you can not hope to shun the path I tread . expect the first to -morrow , when the bell toll one . scrooge could not I take them all at once , and have it over , Jacob ? marley expect the second on the next night at the same hour . the third upon the next night when the last stroke of twelve have cease to vibrate . look to see I no more ; and look that , for you own sake , you remember what have pass between we . scrooge venture to raise he eye again , and find he supernatural visitor confront he in a erect attitude , with its chain wound over and about its arm . marley take he wrapper and wrap it round its head , as before . scrooge wince at the click sound marley 's tooth make , when he jaw be bring together by the bandage . marley walk backward from he ; and with every step , the nearby window raise itself a little , so that when the ghost reach it , it 's wide open . he beckon scrooge to approach , which he do . when they get within two pace of each other , marley hold up he hand , warning he to come no nearer . scrooge stop , not so much in obedience , as in surprise and fear : for on the raise of the hand , he become sensible of confuse noise in the air ; incoherent sound of lamentation and regret ; wailing inexpressibly sorrowful and self - accusatory . marley , after listen for a moment , join in the mournful dirge ; and float out the window into the bleak , dark night . scrooge follow to the window : desperate in he curiosity . he look out . ext . scrooge's build the foggy air be fill with phantom , wander hither and thither in restless haste , and moan as they go . every one of they wear chain like marley 's ; some few ( they might be guilty government ) be link together ; none be free . many have be personally know to scrooge in they life . one old ghost , in a white waistcoat , with a monstrous iron safe attach to its ankle , cry piteously at be unable to assist a wretched woman with a infant , whom it see below , upon a neighbor door-step . the misery with they all be , clearly , that they seek to interfere , for good , in human matter , and have lose the power for ever . whether this creature fade into the mist , or the mist enshroud they , be unclear . but they and they spirit voice fade together ; and the night become as it have be when scrooge walk home . int . scrooge's sitting -room scrooge close the window , and examine the door by which the ghost have enter . it 's still double - lock , as he have lock it with he own hand -- the bolt be undisturbed . he try to say " humbug ! " but stop at the first syllable . int . scrooge's bed-room scrooge close he bed- room door and cross to he bed . without undress , he get in , and fall asleep instantly . the light from the fire in the sit - room be visible under the close bed- room door . dissolve to : int . scrooge's bed -room scrooge awake in darkness , some time later . the fire have go out in the sit - room . as the chime of a neighbour church strike twelve , scrooge count with he finger . scrooge twelve ? it be past two when I go to bed . scrooge scramble out of bed , and grope he way to the window . he rub the frost off with the sleeve of he dress - gown but all he can make out be that it 's very foggy and very quiet . scrooge hmmph ! clock must be wrong . icicle must have get into the work . scrooge light a candle and sit on the edge of he bed , look at he bedside alarm clock . it read twelve . scrooge twelve ! why , it be not possible . I can not have sleep through a whole day and far into another night . he pick up the clock and check it , then seem to remember something . narrator ( voice over ) now , of course , the ghost have warn Mr scrooge that a spirit would visit he when the bell toll one ... scrooge appear to make a decision of some kind and begin to fiddle with he clock . narrator ( voice over ) ... so he resolve to lie awake until the hour be past ; and , consider that he could no more go to sleep than go to Heaven , this be perhaps the wisest decision he could make . naturally , he do not want to be catch doze off , so he make sure to set the alarm on he clock to go off precisely at one . scrooge set the alarm , draw open all the bed-curtain so he may keep a sharp look - out on the room , and sit up in bed -- wait for he visitor . dissolve to : int . scrooge's bed-room about a hour later . scrooge , warily sit up in bed , watch the clock tick to one . the tinny alarm bell go off . scrooge look around the room . nothing . scrooge bah ! he sigh -- whether in relief or disappointment or embarrassment , it 's hard to tell -- blow out the candle , glance at the door where , the fire have go out , no light shine through from the sit - room . scrooge draw all the bed-curtain shut , curl up under the cover , and with a peaceful , satisfied look on he face , shut he eye . a long pause . the church bell sound with a deep , dull , hollow , melancholy one . scrooge 's eye pop open and a wave of dread pass over he face . a wickedly bright light flash up in the room , and the curtain of scrooge 's bed be instantly draw aside . scrooge , start up into a half - recumbent attitude , find himself face to face with the unearthly visitor who draw they : it 's a weird , impressive figure -- like a child : yet not so like a child as like a old man , view through some supernatural medium , which give he the appearance of have recede from the view , and be diminish to a child 's proportion . its hair , which hang about its neck and down its back , be white as if with age ; and yet the face have not a wrinkle in it , and the tenderest bloom be on the skin . the arm be very long and muscular ; the hand the same , as if its hold be of uncommon strength . its leg and foot , most delicately form , be , like that upper member , bare . it wear a tunic of the purest white . round its waist be bound a lustrous belt , with a beautiful sheen . it hold a branch of fresh green holly in its hand ; and , in singular contradiction of that wintry emblem , have its dress trim with summer flower . from the crown of its head there spring a bright clear jet of light , by which all this be visible ; and which be doubtless why it use , in its duller moment , a great extinguisher for a cap , which it now hold under its arm . its belt sparkles and glitter now in one part and now in another . and it be continuously morph : what be light one instant , at another time be dark , so the figure itself fluctuate in its distinctness -- be now a thing with one arm , now with one leg , now with twenty leg , now a pair of leg without a head , now a head without a body -- of which dissolve part , no outline be visible in the dense gloom wherein they melt away and then re-form , distinct and clear as ever . scrooge be you the Spirit , sir , whose come be foretold to I ? the ghost I be ! the voice be soft and gentle . singularly low , as if instead of be so close beside scrooge , it 's at a distance . scrooge who , and what be you ? the ghost of christmas past I be the ghost of Christmas past . scrooge Long past ? the ghost of christmas past no . you past . scrooge wince and blink at the light come from the ghost 's crown . scrooge I wonder if you might , er , put a hat on . the ghost of christmas past what ! would you so soon put out , with worldly hand , the light I give ? be it not enough that you be one of that whose passion make this cap , and force I through whole train of year to wear it low upon my brow ! scrooge I do not mean to offend . er , what business bring you here ? the ghost of christmas past you welfare ! scrooge well , I be much oblige , but I wonder if a good night 's sleep would not be more conducive to that end . the ghost of christmas past you reclamation , then . take heed ! the ghost put out its strong hand as it speak , and clasp he gently by the arm . scrooge rise , the ghost of christmas past rise ! and walk with I ! but find that the ghost lead he toward the window , clasp he robe in supplication . scrooge it 's the middle of the night ; it 's below freezing ; I be wear slipper , a dress - gown , and a nightcap ; I be mortal . and I be liable to fall . the ghost of christmas past bear but a touch of my hand there ... the ghost point to its heart . the ghost of christmas past -+. and you shall be upheld in more than this ! scrooge touch the ghost 's heart and they pass through the wall . ext . country road - day scrooge and the ghost stand on a open , sunlit country road , with field on either hand . it 's a clear , cold , winter day , with snow upon the ground . scrooge look about and clasp he hand together . scrooge good Heaven ! I be breed in this place . I be a boy here ! the ghost gaze upon he mildly . the ghost of christmas past you lip be tremble . and what be that upon you cheek ? scrooge ( a unusual catch in he voice ) it 's a pimple . ( beat ) I beg you , Spirit , lead I where you would . the ghost of christmas past you recollect the way ? scrooge remember it ! I could walk it blindfold . the ghost of christmas past strange to have forget it for so many year ! let we go on . they walk along the road ; scrooge point out every gate , and post , and tree ; a little market - town appear in the distance , with a bridge , a church , and a wind river . some shaggy pony , with boy upon they back , trot down the road towards scrooge and the ghost . the boy call to other boy in country gig and cart , drive by farmer . all be in great spirit , and shout to each other . the ghost of christmas past ( to scrooge ) this be but shadow of the thing that have be . they have no consciousness of we . the jocund traveller approach ; and as they pass by , scrooge 's cold eye glisten . he hear they wish each other merry Christmas , as they part at cross-road and bye-way , for they several home . the ghost of christmas past the school be not quite desert . a solitary child , neglect by he friend , be leave there still . scrooge ( grim again ) I know it . ext . schoolhouse scrooge and the ghost leave the high -road and approach a mansion of dull red brick , with a little weathercock - surmounted cupola , on the roof , and a bell hang in it . it 's a large house , but one of break fortune ; for the spacious office be little use , they wall be damp and mossy , they window break , and they gate decaye . fowl cluck and strut in the stable ; and the coach-house and shed be over - run with grass . the ghost and scrooge cross to a door at the back of the house . it open before they , and disclose : int . schoolroom a long , bare , melancholy room , make barer still by line of plain deal form and desk . at one of this , a lonely boy read near a feeble fire ; scrooge sit down upon a form , and weep to see he poor forget self as he use to be . the ghost join he . scrooge poor boy ! scrooge dry he eye with he cuff , then mutter , put he hand in he pocket , and look about he . scrooge I wish ... but it 's too late now . the ghost of christmas past what be the matter ? scrooge nothing . nothing . there be a boy sing a Christmas carol at my window last night . I should like to have give he something : that 's all . the ghost smile thoughtfully , and wave its hand . the ghost of christmas past let we see another Christmas ! scrooge 's young self suddenly morph into a older boy , and the room become a little darker and more dirty . the panel shrink , the window crack ; fragment of plaster fall out of the ceiling ; but he former self be still alone : all the other boy have go home again for the holiday . Young scrooge be not read now , but walk up and down despairingly . scrooge look at the ghost , and with a mournful shaking of he head , glance anxiously towards the door . it open ; and a little girl , much young than the boy , stand at the threshold , look in . it 's scrooge 's sister fan . the elder scrooge be amaze to see she . scrooge ( whisper ) fan ... fan ebenezer . fan step toward he , arm outstretch as if to give he a hug and he respond . but as she dart forward , she body pass through he -- for she be but a shadow -- and put she arm about the neck of the young scrooge , and kiss he . though disappointed , the elder scrooge turn to watch the youngster embrace . fan dear , dear brother . I have come to bring you home , dear brother ! she clap she tiny hand , and bend down to laugh . fan ( sing ) to bring you home , home , home ! young scrooge ( stunne ) Home , little fan ? fan yes ! Home , for good and all . Home , for ever and ever . Father be so much kinder than he use to be , that home 's like Heaven ! young scrooge for you , perhaps . but not for I . he do not know I or even what I look like . same as I hardly know you , now that you be quite a woman . fan he speak so gently to I one dear night when I be go to bed , that I be not afraid to ask he once more if you might come home ; and he say yes , you should ; and send I in a coach to bring you . and you be to be a man ! and be never to come back here ; but first , we be to be together all the Christmas long , and have the merriest time in all the world . young scrooge you be quite a woman , little fan ! she clap she hand and laugh , and try to touch he head ; but be too little , laugh again , and stand on tiptoe to embrace he . then she begin to drag he , in she childish eagerness , towards the door ; and he , nothing loth to go , accompany she . ext . schoolhouse Young scrooge 's trunk be tie on to the top of a coach , not long after . Young scrooge and fan bid a old schoolmaster good - bye , get in , and drive gaily down the country road : the quick wheel dash the hoar- frost and snow from off the dark leave of the evergreen like spray . ext . country road the elder scrooge and the ghost stand at the road-side and watch the coach go by , its two passenger laugh and talk . the ghost of christmas past always a delicate creature , whom a breath might have withere . but she have a large heart ! scrooge so she have . the ghost of christmas past she die a woman . and have , as I think , child . scrooge one child . the ghost of christmas past true . you nephew ! scrooge seem uneasy in he mind . scrooge ( briefly ) yes . the ghost casually peer over scrooge shoulder and when scrooge turn ' round to follow he gaze , he be startle to see : ext . warehouse - night a busy thoroughfare of a city , where shadowy pedestrian pass and shadowy cart and coaches battle for the way . the dress of the shop show that here too it 's Christmas time again ; but it 's evening , and the street be light up . scrooge and the ghost stand near a warehouse door to which the ghost point . the ghost of christmas past know it ? scrooge know it ! I apprentice here ! the ghost , use a half dozen arm that fade in and out of view , gesture '' after you " and scrooge enter . int . warehouse at sight of a old gentlemen in a Welch wig , sit behind such a high desk , that if he be two inch taller he would knock he head against the ceiling , scrooge let out a gasp and turn to the ghost behind he . scrooge why , it 's old fezziwig ! bless he heart ; it 's fezziwig alive again ! Old fezziwig lay down he pen , and look up at the clock , which point to the hour of seven . he rub he hand ; adjust he capacious waistcoat ; laugh , and call out in a comfortable , oily , rich , fat , jovial voice . fezziwig yo ho , there ! ebenezer ! Dick ! immediately , ebenezer -- scrooge 's young self , now a grow man -- come briskly in , accompany by he fellow - ' prentice , dick . scrooge ( to the ghost ) Dick Wilkins , to be sure ! bless I , yes . there he be . he be very much attach to I , be Dick . poor Dick ! dear , dear ! fezziwig yo ho , my boy ! no more work to-night . Christmas Eve , dick. Christmas , ebenezer ! let 's have the shutter up ... ( clap he hand , sharply ) ... before a man can say , Jack Robinson ! Dick and ebenezer charge into the street with the shutter -- one , two , three -- have they up in they place -- four , five , six -- bar them and pin them -- seven , eight , nine -- and come back before the count of twelve , panting like race-horse . fezziwig skip down from the high desk , with wonderful agility . fezziwig hilli-ho ! clear away , my lad , and let 's have lot of room here ! hilli-ho , Dick ! chirrup , ebenezer ! fezziwig christmas montage in a minute , Dick and ebenezer have every movable pack off , the floor sweep and water , the lamp trim , fuel heape on the fire ; and the warehouse be as snug , and warm , and dry , and bright a ball - room . a fiddler with a music-book enter , go up to the lofty desk , tune he instrument and start to play . mrs . fezziwig , one vast substantial smile , enter . Three miss fezziwigs , beam and lovable , enter . six young follower whose heart they break , enter . all the young man and woman employ in the business enter , one after another ; some shyly , some boldly , some gracefully , some awkwardly , some push , some pull -- twenty couple at once ; hand half round and back again the other way ; down the middle and up again ; round and round in various stage of affectionate grouping ; as the dance end , old fezziwig , clap he hand , cry out , '' well do ! " the fiddler bury he face in a pot of porter and then pop up again , refresh , to keep play . throughout , scrooge and the ghost watch . or , rather , the ghost watch and scrooge life and re-live every moment . he point out the guest to the ghost and talk about they animatedly , though we can not hear he over all the noise . eventually , he ditch the ghost like a bad blind date and follow he young self ' round the room , listen in on conversation and laugh along with various joke . more dance . also eat : cake , negus , a great piece of cold roast , a great piece of cold boil , mince - pie , and plenty of beer . the fiddler strike up " Sir Roger de coverley . " Old fezziwig dance with Mrs. fezziwig -- a impressive display : advance and retire , hold hand with you partner , bow and curtsey ; corkscrew ; thread - the-needle , and back again to you place . Young ebenezer , too , dance up a storm as he elder self look on in amazement . the clock strike eleven as the party wind down . Mr and Mrs fezziwig take they station , one on either side of the door , and shake hand with every person individually as he or she go out , wish he or she a merry Christmas . when everyone have go but the two ' prentice , they do the same to they ; suddenly , all be very quiet as the young man be leave to clean up . scrooge remember the ghost , and become conscious that it 's look full upon he , while the light upon its head burn very clear . the ghost of christmas past a small matter to make this silly folk so full of gratitude . scrooge small ! the Spirit sign to he to listen to the two apprentice . we overhear a snatch of the conversation as they tidy the room . dick what a sweet old man be Mr fezziwig ! ebenezer the sweetest ! didja see he dancin ' with the missus -- and the look on he face ? dick oh , yes ! ebenezer he be in Heaven -- and fully deserve to be . dick and where the devil do he find that fiddler ? ebenezer oh , be not he marvelous ? nothing 's too good for fezziwig . I would say this year 's party be finer than the last -- if such a thing be possible . as the boy head into another room , the ghost turn to scrooge . the ghost of christmas past fezziwig spend but a few pound of you mortal money : three or four perhaps . be that so much that he deserve this praise ? scrooge it be not that . it be not that , Spirit . he have the power to render we happy or unhappy ; to make we service light or burdensome ; a pleasure or a toil . say that he power lie in word and look ; in thing so slight and insignificant that it be impossible to add and count them up : what then ? the happiness he give , be quite as great as if it cost a fortune . the ghost raise a eyebrow at this , and scrooge stop . the ghost of christmas past what be the matter ? scrooge nothing particular . the ghost of christmas past something , I think ? scrooge no . no . I should like to be able to say a word or two to my clerk just now . that 's all . suddenly , the room darken as young ebenezer re-enter and turn down the lamp . the ghost of christmas past my time grow short . the room continue to darken until the scene fade to black . ext . graveyard - day the black hole of a freshly dig grave -- on a frosty green cemetery lawn under a sunny blue sky . nearby be ebenezer , older now , a man in the prime of life , but without the harsh and rigid line of later year : merely a few sign of care and avarice . a eager , greedy , restless motion afflict he eye . he sit on a bench under a shady tree watch a fair young girl ina mourn - dress place flower by a tombstone -- she tear sparkle in the light that shine out of the ghost of Christmas past , who stand on the opposite side of the ' stone . a astonished scrooge stand beside the ghost , stare at she , he face just inch from hers . scrooge ( whisper ) Belle ... he reach out to touch she , but she abruptly turn and cross to he young self , go from sunshine to shade . belle join ebenezer on the bench and take up what appear to be a ongoing conversation . belle it matter little , to you , very little . another idol have displace I ; and if it can cheer and comfort you in time to come , as I would have try to do , I have no just cause to grieve . ebenezer what idol have displace you ? belle a golden one . ebenezer ( try to be reasonable ) this be the even-handed deal of the world ! there be nothing on which it be so hard as poverty ; and there be nothing it profess to condemn with such severity as the pursuit of wealth ! belle you fear the world too much . all you other hope have merge into the hope of be beyond the chance of its sordid reproach . I have see you nobler aspiration fall off one by one , until the master - passion , gain , engross you . have I not ? ebenezer what then ? even if I have grow so much wiser , what then ? I be not change towards you . Belle shake she head . ebenezer be I ? belle we engagement be a old one . it be make when we be both poor and content to be so , until , in good season , we could improve we worldly fortune by we patient industry . you be change . when it be make , you be another man . ebenezer ( impatiently ) I be a boy . ' tis true , I be not now what I be then . belle I be . that which promise happiness when we be one in heart , be fraught with misery now that we be two . how often and how keenly I have think of this , I will not say . it be enough that I have think of it , and can release you from we engagement . ebenezer have I ever seek release ? belle in word ? no. never . ebenezer in what , then ? belle in a change nature ; in a alter spirit ; in another atmosphere of life ; another hope as its great end . in everything that make my love of any worth or value in you sight . if this have never be between we , tell I , would you seek I out and try to win I now ? ah , no ! he seem to yield to the justice of this supposition , in spite of himself . ebenezer you think not . belle I would gladly think otherwise if I could , Heaven know ! when I have learn a Truth like this , I know how strong and irresistible it must be . but if you be free to -day , to -morrow , yesterday , can even I believe that you would choose a dowerless girl -- you who , in you very confidence with she , weigh everything by gain : or , choose she , if for a moment you be false enough to you one guide principle to do so , do I not know that you repentance and regret would surely follow ? I do ; and I release you from we engagement . with a full heart , for the love of he you once be . a pause . he be about to speak ; but with she head turn from he , she resume . belle you may -- the memory of what be past half make I hope you will -- have pain in this . a very , very brief time , and you will dismiss the recollection of it , gladly , as a unprofitable dream , from which it happen well that you awoke . May you be happy in the life you have choose ! abruptly , she rise and leave he . scrooge Spirit ! show I no more ! conduct I home . why do you delight to torture I ? the ghost of christmas past one shadow more ! scrooge no more ! no more . I do not wish to see it . show I no more ! but the relentless ghost pinion he arm , and turn he 'round to observe : int . belle' sitting - room - night a room , not very large or handsome , but full of comfort and Christmas decoration . all be quiet . falling snow be visible out the window . near the fireplace , sit a beautiful young girl , nearly identical to Belle . Belle herself , now a comely matron , be also by the fire -- sit opposite she daughter . scrooge gaze upon they in awe , particularly the daughter . narrator ( voice over ) I suspect it must have staggered Mr scrooge to see this woman , especially the young one , because have he play he card differently , a woman such as she might well have call he father , and be like a spring - time for he in the haggard winter of he life . ( beat ) of course , he might well have have more than one child ... nearly a dozen child explode into the room , make a tumultuous noise , but no one seem to care ; on the contrary , the mother and daughter laugh heartily , and enjoy it very much ; and the latter mingle with they and get clobbere ruthlessly . they stream around a startle scrooge , run , jump and play with enormous energy . narrator ( voice over ) -.. oh , what would I not have give to be one of that child ! though I never could have be so rude , no , no ! I would not for the wealth of all the world have behave so wildly , God bless my soul ! upon a knock at the door , the child stampede immediately , and the daughter be borne towards it in the centre of the flushed and boisterous group , just in time to greet they father , who come home laden with Christmas toy and present . shout and struggle , the kid swarm they father , belle' husband : scale he , with chair for ladder , to dive into he pocket , despoil he of brown - paper parcel , hold on tight by he cravat , hug he round the neck , pummel he back , and kick he leg in irrepressible affection ! they shout with wonder and delight at each package they receive . Belle have rise from she chair to watch the proceedings and happen to stand next to scrooge who watch she and she family closely , no doubt ponder what might have be . dissolve to : int . belle' sitting -room later that evening . gift -wrap litter the floor . the child have go to bed and all be quiet again . scrooge and the ghost look on as Belle 's husband , have he eldest daughter lean fondly on he , sit down with she and she mother at the fireside ; the husband turn to he wife with a smile . belle' husband Belle , I see a old friend of yours this afternoon . belle who be it ? belle' husband guess ! belle how can I ? tut , do not I know . ebenezer scrooge . belle' husband scrooge it be . I pass he office window ; and as it be not shut up , and he have a candle inside , I could scarcely help see he . his partner lie upon the point of death , I hear ; and there he sit alone . quite alone in the world , I do believe . scrooge , sit beside the ghost on the far side of the room , shut he eye and shake he head . scrooge spirit ! remove I from this place . the ghost of christmas past I tell you this be shadow of the thing that have be . that they be what they be , do not blame I ! scrooge remove I ! I can not bear it ! scrooge turn upon the ghost , and see that it look at he with a oddly morph face , in which there momentarily appear fragment of all the face it have show he : he young selve , fan , the fezziwigs , Dick Wilkins , Belle , etc . terrify , scrooge physically attack the ghost . scrooge leave I ! take I back . haunt I no longer ! the ghost offer no visible resistance of its own but remain undisturbed by scrooge 's attack , the light from its head burn high and bright ; scrooge seize the extinguisher - cap from under its arm and press it down upon the ghost 's head . the ghost seem to shrink beneath it , so that the extinguisher cover its whole form ; but though scrooge press it down with all he force , he can not hide the light , which stream from under it , in a unbroken flood upon the ground . in a last great effort , he throw the whole of he body atop the cap and the light go out . blackness . int . scrooge's bed-room the room be dark -- no light shine under the bed-room door from the sit - room . scrooge -- in roughly the same position we last see he -- lie in he bed atop he pillow . in the middle of a prodigiously tough snore , scrooge awaken with a start and sit up in bed . he light he candle and look around . his bedside clock read five minute to one . narrator ( voice over ) now , marley 's ghost have warn scrooge that a second spirit would haunt he at the stroke of one . I do not mind tell you that scrooge be now prepare for a good broad field of strange appearance , and that nothing between a baby and a rhinoceros would have astonished he very much . by this time , he be ready for almost anything ... from the church clock , the chime strike one . scrooge steel himself . narrator ( voice over ) ... but , you see , he be not by any mean ready for nothing ... and nothing be exactly what happen . after a lengthy pause , scrooge check he clock , sigh and , with a last look around , blow out the candle and lie down on the bed . suddenly , he bolt straight up -- stare at he bed- room door . Light be again stream in from the sit - room . scrooge get up softly and shuffles in he slipper to the door . his hand be on the lock when a voice from the sit - room call out . voice scroooocoge ? come in , scrooge ! a tremble scrooge open the door and enter : int . scrooge's sitting -room it 's he own room , but it 's undergone a transformation . the wall and ceiling be so hang with live green , that it look a perfect grove ; from every part of which , bright gleam berry glisten . crisp leave of holly , mistletoe , and ivy reflect back the light like so many little mirror ; and a mighty blaze roar in the fire-place . heaped up on the floor , to form a kind of throne , be turkey , geese , game , poultry , brawn , great joint of meat , suck - pig , long wreath of sausage , mince - pie , plum -pudding , barrel of oyster , red-hot chestnut , cherry - cheek apple , juicy orange , luscious pear , immense twelfth - cake , and seethe bowl of punch , that make the chamber dim with they delicious steam . in easy state upon this couch , there sit a jolly giant , glorious to see : who carry a glow torch , in shape not unlike plenty 's horn , and hold it up , high up , to shed its light on scrooge , as he come peeping round the door . the ghost of christmas present come in ! come in and know I better , man ! scrooge enter timidly . the Spirit 's eye be clear and kind , but scrooge do not look at they . the ghost of christmas present I be the ghost of Christmas present ! look upon I ! scrooge do so . the ghost wear a simple green robe , or mantle , border with white fur , hang so loosely on the figure , that its capacious breast be bare , as if disdain to be ward or conceal by any artifice . its foot , observable beneath the ample fold of the garment , be also bare ; and on its head it wear no other cover than a holly wreath , set here and there with shine icicle . its dark brown curl be long and free : free as its genial face , its sparkling eye , its open hand , its cheery voice , its unconstrain demeanour , and its joyful air . gird round its middle be a antique scabbard ; but with no sword in it , and the ancient sheath be eat up with rust . the ghost of christmas present you have never see the like of I before ? scrooge never . the ghost of christmas present have never walk forth with my elder brother bear in this later year ? scrooge I do not think I have . I be afraid I have not . have you have many brother , Spirit ? the ghost of christmas present approximately eighteen hundred and forty -two . scrooge a tremendous family to provide for ! the ghost of Christmas present smile and rise . scrooge spirit , conduct I where you will . I go forth last night on compulsion , and I learn a lesson which be work now . to-night , if you have aught to teach I , let I profit by it . the ghost of christmas present touch my robe ! scrooge do as he 's tell , and hold it fast . Holly , mistletoe , red berry , ivy , turkey , geese , game , poultry , brawn , meat , pig , sausage , oyster , pie , pudding , fruit , and punch , all vanish instantly . so do the room , the fire , the ruddy glow , the hour of night ... ext . CITY STREET - day scrooge and the Spirit wander the city street on Christmas morning , where the severe weather cause the people to make a rough , but brisk and not unpleasant kind of music , in scraping the snow from the pavement in front of they dwelling , and from the top of they house . scrooge and the Spirit see that the corner poulterer 's shop be still open , and in its window hang two Prize turkey . one be the size of a boy , the other a little smaller . happy crowd pour forth into the street on they way to church , dress in they Sunday best . scrooge and the Spirit press on into camden town . ext . bob cratchit home on the threshold of the door , scrooge watch as the Spirit smile and stop to bless Bob cratchit 's four-roomed house with a unspoken prayer . int . bob cratchit home mrs cratchit , Bob cratchit 's wife , dress out but poorly in a twice - turn gown , but brave in ribbon , which be cheap and make a goodly show for sixpence ; and she lay the table - cloth , assist by belinda , second of she daughter , also brave in ribbon ; while the adolescent master peter cratchit plunge a fork into the saucepan of potato , then into he mouth . two smaller cratchit , boy and girl , come tear in , scream something incomprehensible ; and bask in luxurious thought of sage - and-onion , this young cratchit dance about the table . the eldest , Peter cratchit , blow the fire , until the slow potato , bubbling up , knock loudly at the saucepan-lid . mrs . cratchit what have ever get you precious father then . and you brother , tiny Tim ! and martha war not as late last Christmas Day by half - an-hour ! as if on cue , martha , the eldest daughter , enter . martha here 's martha , mother ! the two SMALL cratchit here 's martha , mother ! hurrah ! there 's such a goose , martha ! mrs . cratchit why , bless you heart alive , my dear , how late you be ! Mrs cratchit , kiss martha , and take off she shawl and bonnet for she with officious zeal . martha we would a deal of work to finish up last night and have to clear away this morning , mother ! mrs . cratchit well ! never mind so long as you be come . sit ye down before the fire , my dear , and have a warm , Lord bless ye ! the two SMALL cratchit no , no ! there 's father come . hide , martha , hide ! so martha hide herself , and , to scrooge 's surprise -- for until now , he have not a clue as to whose house this be -- in come little Bob cratchit , the father , with at least three foot of comforter hang down before he ; and he threadbare clothes darn up and brush , to look seasonable ; and tiny tim upon he shoulder . he set Tim down gently . alas for tiny Tim , he bear a little crutch , and have he limb support by a iron frame . he limp badly , favor he right leg . Bob look around . bob cratchit why , where 's we martha ? mrs . cratchit not come . bob cratchit ( heartbroken ) not come ! not come upon Christmas Day ! martha do not like to see he disappointed , even if it be only in joke ; so she come out prematurely from behind the closet door , and run into he arm , while the two young cratchit help tiny Tim to the wash-house , that he might hear the pudding sing in the copper . Bob hug martha to he heart 's content until she break away to tend to the supper . husband and wife be alone for a moment . mrs . cratchit and how do little Tim behave in church ? bob cratchit as good as gold , and better . somehow he get thoughtful , sit by himself so much , and think the strangest thing you ever hear . he tell I , come home , that he hope the people in church see he , because he be a cripple , and it might be pleasant to they to remember upon Christmas Day , who make lame beggar walk , and blind man see . ( a long pause ) he 's grow stronger and heartier every day , be not he ? the look that cross Mrs cratchit 's face be not encourage . mrs . cratchit ( quietly ) yes , dear . he be . with he active little crutch , tiny Tim return , escort by he brother and sister to he stool before the fire ; the two SMALL cratchit the goose be cook ! the goose be cook ! christmas dinner montage Bob cratchit turn up he cuff and compound some hot mixture in a jug with gin and lemon , and stir it round and round and put it on the hob to simmer ; Peter , and the two ubiquitous young cratchit fetch the goose and carry it to the table . Mrs cratchit pour the gravy , hiss hot ; Peter mashed the potato with incredible vigour ; miss belinda sweeten up the apple-sauce ; martha dust the hot plate ; Bob take tiny Tim beside he in a tiny corner at the table ; the two young cratchit set chair for everybody , not forget themselves . at last , the table be set -- goose , apple-sauce and mashed potato . scrooge ( to the Spirit , matter - of - fact ) hmmph . not much of a goose . tiny tim bless we , 0 Lord ! and this thy gift , which we be about to receive from thy bounty , through Christ we Lord . amen . a breathless pause , as Mrs cratchit , look slowly all along the carve - knife , prepare to plunge it in the breast ; but when she do , and when the long expect gush of stuff issue forth , one murmur of delight arise all round the table , and even tiny Tim , excited by the two young cratchit , beat on the table with the handle of he knife , and feebly cry " hurrah ! " in a moment , everyone 's mouth be full . bob cratchit ( to Mrs cratchit ) I do not believe there ever be such a goose cook . so tender . martha ( to Mrs cratchit ) and delicious . one of the SMALL cratchit ( to Mrs cratchit ) and big . mrs cratchit ( wryly ) and cheap . tiny tim ( to Mrs cratchit ) it 's lovely , mother . this a goose we shall remember for as long as we live . mrs . cratchit thank you , Tim . after a dissolve , miss belinda change the plate . Mrs cratchit be visibly nervous . mrs . cratchit I can not stand to look at the pudding . suppose it should not be do enough ? suppose it should break in turn out ? bob cratchit ( mock horror ) suppose somebody should have get over the wall of the back - yard , and steal it , while we be eat the goose ? Bob 's mouth make a perfect o and he eyebrow almost leave he head . the two small cratchit become livid and start yell at he . everyone roar with laughter at this , even Mrs cratchit . belinda burst into the room accompany by a great deal of steam and , in a instant , the pudding be out of the copper like a speckle cannon - ball , hard and firm , blaze in half of half - a- quartern of ignite brandy , and bedight with Christmas holly stick into the top . everyone ooh and aahhh as Mrs cratchit blushes and smile proudly . bob cratchit oh , a wonderful pudding ! Bob cratchit hold up a glass to propose a toast . bob cratchit a merry Christmas to we all , my dear . God bless we ! which all the family re-echoe . tiny tim God bless we every one ! the family drink and get to work on the pudding . Tim sit very close to he father 's side upon he little stool . Bob hold Tim 's withere little hand in he , as if he wish to keep he by he side , and dread that he might be take from he . scrooge watch they with fascination -- it 's a side of cratchit he 's never think of . without take he eye off they , he nod to the Spirit . scrooge Spirit ... tell I if tiny Tim will live . the ghost of christmas present I see a vacant seat in the poor chimney - corner , and a crutch without a owner , carefully preserve . if this shadow remain unalter by the future , the child will die . scrooge no , no . oh , no , kind Spirit ! say he will be spare . the ghost of christmas present if this shadow remain unalter by the future , none other of my race will find he here . what then ? ( assume scrooge 's voice ) if he be like to die , he have better do it , and decrease the surplus population . overcome with penitence and grief , scrooge hang he head to hear he own word quote . the ghost of christmas present man , if man you be in heart , not adamant , forbear that wick cant until you have discover what the surplus be , and where it be . will you decide what man shall live , what man shall die ? it may be , that in the sight of Heaven , you be more worthless and less fit to live than million like this poor man 's child . oh God ! to hear the insect on the leaf pronounce on the too much life among he hungry brother in the dust ! scrooge bend before the Spirit 's rebuke , and tremble , cast he eye upon the ground . bob cratchit Mr scrooge ! scrooge look up , startle to hear someone call he name . Bob cratchit hold a glass up to he , make a toast . bob cratchit I will give you Mr scrooge , the founder of the feast ! mrs . cratchit ( blushes ) the founder of the feast indeed ! I wish I have he here . I would give he a piece of my mind to feast upon , and I hope he would have a good appetite for it . bob cratchit ( gently chide ) my dear , the child ; Christmas Day . mrs . cratchit it should be Christmas Day , I be sure , on which one drink the health of such a odious , stingy , hard , unfeel man as Mr scrooge . you know he be , Robert ! nobody know it better than you do , poor fellow ! bob cratchit my dear , have some charity . it 's Christmas Day . mrs . cratchit I will drink he health for you sake and the day' , not for he . Long life to he . a merry Christmas and a happy new year ! he will be very merry and very happy , I have no doubt ! the child drink the toast after she , the first time they show no heartiness . tiny Tim drink last of all , not caring . scrooge see he be the ogre of the family and turn away from they , toward the window where the evening sun set . ext . moor - sunset scrooge and the Spirit stand on a bleak and desert moor , where monstrous mass of rude stone be cast about , as though it be the burial - place of giant ; where nothing grow but moss and furze , and coarse , rank grass . down in the west the set sun leave a streak of fiery red , which glare upon the desolation for a instant , like a sullen eye , and frown lower , lower , lower yet , be lose in the thick gloom of darkest night . scrooge what place be this ? the ghost of christmas present a place where miner live , who labour in the bowel of the earth . but they know I . see ! a light shine from the window of a hut , and swiftly scrooge and the Spirit advance towards it . pass through the wall of mud and stone , they find : int . hut - night a cheerful family assemble round a glow fire . a old , old man and woman , with they child and they child 's child , and another generation beyond that , all deck out gaily in they holiday attire . the old man , in a quiet but fervent voice , sing they a Christmas song , and they all join in the chorus . the Spirit gesture to scrooge to hold he robe , and the two rise up through the roof of the hut and high into : ext . the night sky they fly above the moor , speed out to sea . to scrooge 's horror , look back , he see the last of the land , a frightful range of rock , behind they ; ext . the ocean the Spirit and scrooge : two rapidly move silhouettes skim the ocean 's surface . ext . lighthouse built upon a dismal reef of sink rock , some league or so from shore , on which the water chafe and dash , there stand a solitary lighthouse . great heaps of sea-weed cling to its base , and storm -bird -- bear of the wind one might suppose , as sea-weed of the water -- rise and fall about it , like the wave they skim . int . lighthouse two lighthouse keeper have make a fire , that through the loophole in the thick stone wall shed out a ray of brightness on the awful sea . join they horny hand over the rough table at which they sit , they toast each other a merry Christmas in they can of grog ; and one of they -- the elder , with he face all damage and scar with hard weather , as the figure - head of a old ship might be -- strike up the song hear in the miner 's hut . just outside they window , a hundred ten foot in the air , scrooge and the Spirit watch . the Spirit give scrooge a tug -- and off they fly . ext . ship montage - day as the sun rise on a distant horizon , scrooge and the Spirit observe : the helmsman at the wheel as a fellow sailor quietly wish he a merry Christmas ; the look - out in the bow as he hum a carol ; two officer on watch exchange gift ; dark , ghostly figure in they several station ; but every man among they , lose in think . in the galley , a illiterate sailor dictate a letter to a friend . sailor ( dictate ) my dearest , dearest Emily . the holiday season find my thought turn ever more to you ... ( to the friend ) how 's that , so far ? the friend merely look at he and shrug . sailor ( dictate ) I should like to have be home this Christmas , but I be afraid I have be shanghaie .... from behind he , scrooge hear a long , hearty -- and familiar -- laugh . after a moment , he recognise it . scrooge Fred ? he turn toward the laugh , suddenly find himself in : int . he nephew's sitting - room - night a bright , dry , gleam room in a finely - appoint house . the Spirit , stand smile by scrooge 's side , look at scrooge 's nephew with approve affability . scrooge 's nephew Fred laugh : hold he side , roll he head , and twist he face into the most extravagant contortion : scrooge 's niece , by marriage , laugh as heartily as he . and they assemble friend be not a bit behindhand , roar out lustily . fred he say that Christmas be a humbug , as I live ! he believe it too ! niece more shame for he , Fred ! scrooge 's niece be exceedingly pretty . with a dimple , surprised - look , capital face ; a ripe little mouth , that seem make to be kiss -- as no doubt it often be ; she be seat in a large chair with a footstool , in a snug corner right by the door -- and never leave this position . one of the guest I should very much like to meet you uncle , Fred . the droll way in which you portray he make I curious . fred he 's a comical old fellow , that 's the truth : and not so pleasant as he might be . however , he offence carry they own punishment , and I have nothing to say against he . niece I be sure he be very rich , Fred . at least you always tell I so . fred what of that , my dear ? his wealth be of no use to he . he do not do any good with it . he do not make himself comfortable with it . he have not the satisfaction of think -- ha , ha , ha ! -- that he be ever go to benefit we with it . niece I have no patience with he . another woman nor I . fred oh , I have ! I be sorry for he ; I could not be angry with he if I try . who suffer by he ill whim ? himself , always . here , he take it into he head to dislike we , and he will not come and dine with we . what 's the consequence ? he do not lose much of a dinner . niece indeed , I think he lose a very good dinner . really , Fred , I think you be be awfully charitable . fred if that 's so , it may be because my mother , God rest she saintly soul , be very fond of he . she love he . the Spirit glance at scrooge who try to appear unmove . niece but do go on , fred. ( to the guest ) he never finish what he begin to say . he be such a ridiculous fellow ! fred I be only go to say , that the consequence of he take a dislike to we , and not make merry with we , be , as I think , that he lose some pleasant moment , which could do he no harm . I be sure he lose pleasanter companion than he can find in he own thought , either in he mouldy old office , or he dusty chamber . I mean to give he the same chance every year , whether he like it or not , for I pity he . he may rail at Christmas till he die , but he can not help think better of it -- I defy he -- if he find I go there , in good temper , year after year , and say uncle scrooge , how be you ? if it only put he in the vein to leave he poor clerk fifty pound , that 's something ; and I think I shook he yesterday . before Fred finish , one of the female guest have begin to play a simple little tune upon the harp ; and the other choose partner and take to dance about the room . there might be twenty people there , young and old , but they all dance . the rhythm be infectious and scrooge keep time with he foot , enjoy himself in a quiet way . the Spirit seem greatly pleased to find he in this mood . dissolve to : int . he nephew's sitting - room later that evening . everyone be seat . scrooge 's niece be in she usual chair by the door . scrooge and the Spirit -- whose hair have by now grey considerably -- stand nearby . one of the guest , topper , stand in the center of the room try to keep everyone 's attention . topper now , then , it 's a game call yes and no. ( to Fred ) since you be the host , you will go first . but Fred be reluctant and wave he off . the other jeer at he to take part and he force himself to rise . scrooge ( to the Spirit ) I think we should at least stay until the guest have depart . fred ( to topper ) oh , dear . what do I have to do ? the ghost of christmas present I be afraid that can not be do . scrooge here be a new game . one half hour , Spirit , only one ! topper ( to Fred ) you think of something , anything , and the rest of we must find out what it be ; but you may only answer we question ' yes 's or ' no ' , as the case may be . fred ah , all right . well .... oh , I have get it . topper you have think of something ? fred yes . Fire away . not too bright guest be it animal , vegetable , or mineral ? topper ( to the guest ) no , no , no . it have to be a question he can answer ' yes ' or ' no ' . ( to Fred ) be you think of a animal ? fred ( grin ) yes . not too bright guest live or dead ? everyone giggle at the not too Bright Guest . topper sit down . someone else be it live ? fred yes . another guest a wild animal ? fred ( laugh ) well ... someone else can it be find in London ? fred yes . I be afraid so . another guest do it live in a menagerie ? fred no ! would not go near it . the plump sister be it a horse ? fred no ! niece be it a ass ? at this , Fred roar with laughter ; and be so inexpressibly tickle , double over and stamp he foot . fred no ! scrooge be it a cow ? the Spirit give scrooge a look as if to say : " they can not hear you .. scrooge scowl as if to say : " shut up . I be have fun . " someone else do it walk the street ? fred yes ! niece that he - " and be it some kind of rat ? fred ( laugh , clutches he side ) no ! maybe a pack -rat . topper wait ! be it a man ? Fred bite he lip to keep from laugh and nod , yes . the plump sister I have find it out ! I know what it be , Fred ! I know what it be ! several guest ( ad-lib ) what be it ? what ? the plump sister it 's you uncle scro-o-o-o-oge ! fred yes ! everybody , even the Spirit , roar with laughter , except scrooge , who be stunne -- and a trifle humiliate . the niece , right beside scrooge , grin mischievously and wag a finger at Fred . niece that 's not fair ! when I ask ' be it a ass ? ' , you should have answer ' yes ! '! everybody roar even louder at this , except scrooge , who be now completely humiliate . Fred pick up he glass of wine . fred he have give we plenty of merriment , I be sure , and it would be ungrateful not to drink he health . I say , ' uncle scrooge ! ' " several guest ( ad-lib ) well ! uncle scrooge . here 's to ' im ! fred a merry Christmas and a happy New Year to the old man , whatever he be ! he would not take it from I , but may he have it , nevertheless . uncle scrooge ! the ghost and scrooge exchange glance . the niece drink and set down she empty glass . int . charity ward where someone else set down a empty glass : a wretch woman with a infant -- the one scrooge see from he window during the visit of marley 's ghost -- one of many destitute people , wrap in blanket , lie on cot in the crowded room . scrooge watch as a young boy come around to pick up she glass . other like he attend to a multitude of the sick and the poor . wretched woman thank you . thank you , so much . boy do you feel rest now ? wretched woman I do . bless you dear gentle heart . you know , my dear , I - I be very grateful for all you be do . if I would have know you people be here , I would have come sooner . and bring friend . there be a lot of people I know who could use you help -- tell I , why - why be not there more place like this ? the boy do not quite know how to respond . boy I do not know . he can only smile weakly , touch she arm , and move on . he walk past a couple of familiar face : the two portly gentleman who pay a visit to scrooge the day before seek a charitable donation . they stand off to one side surveying the scene with mix emotion . 2nd gentleman quite a turn-out . 1st gentleman more than expect . ( matter-of -fact ) we have not enough fund to last until next week . 2nd gentleman something will turn up , I be sure . scrooge observe the ist gentleman pull a fancy watch from he pocket and stare at it . the 2nd gentleman look he over sympathetically . 2nd gentleman it 's be long day . think about go home to the family ? the lst gentleman shake he head , no. 1st gentleman ( wryly ) think about sell a watch . the watch read but a few minute before midnight . dissolve to : ext . the shadow of a church tower the church clock read but a few minute before midnight . scrooge and the Spirit stand below it . while scrooge remain unalter in he outward form , the ghost have grow older , clearly older , its hair whiten with age . scrooge squint at the Spirit as they stand together . scrooge you hair be grey . be spirit ' life so short ? the ghost of christmas present my life be very brief . it end to-night . scrooge to-night ! the ghost of christmas present to-night at midnight . scrooge 's gaze go from the clock to the Spirit 's robe . scrooge forgive I if I be not justified in what I ask , but I see something strange , and not belong to yourself , protrude from you skirt . be it a foot or a claw ? the ghost of christmas present it might well be a claw , for all the flesh there be upon it . look here . from the folding of its robe , it bring two child ; wretch , abject , frightful , hideous , miserable . they kneel down at its foot , and cling upon the outside of its garment . the ghost of christmas present oh , man ! look here . look , look , down here ! a boy and girl . yellow , meagre , rag , scowling , wolfish ; but prostrate , too , in they humility . where graceful youth should have fill they feature out , and touch they with its freshest tints , a stale and shrivel hand , like that of age , have pinch , and twisted they , and pull they into shred . scrooge spirit ! be they yours ? the ghost of christmas present they be man' . and they cling to I , appeal from they father . this boy be ignorance . this girl be want . beware they both , and all of they degree , but most of all beware this boy , for on he brow I see that write which be doom , unless the write be erase . deny it ! the Spirit stretch out its hand towards the city . the ghost of christmas present slander that who tell it ye ! admit it for you factious purpose , and make it worse ! and bide the end ! scrooge have they no refuge or resource ? the ghost of christmas present ( assume scrooge 's voice ) be there no prison ? be there no workhouses ? scrooge wince at this . the church bell strike twelve . scrooge look about he . the Spirit be go . another , a solemn phantom , drape and hood , come , like a mist along the ground , towards he . scrooge ( to himself ) Midnight . the last of the spirit . the phantom slowly , gravely , silently approach . scrooge bend down upon he knee ; for in the very air through which this phantom move it seem to scatter gloom and mystery . it be shroud in a deep black garment , which conceal its head , its face , its form , and leave nothing of it visible save one outstretch hand . but for this it would be difficult to detach its figure from the night , and separate it from the darkness by which it be surround . it be tall and stately and its mysterious presence fill scrooge with a solemn dread . the phantom neither speak nor move . scrooge I be in the presence of the ghost of Christmas yet to come ? the phantom answer not , but point onward with its hand . scrooge you be about to show I shadow of the thing that have not happen , but will happen in the time before we . be that so , Spirit ? the upper portion of the garment contract for a instant in its fold , as if the phantom have nodd its head . scrooge ghost of the future ! I fear you more than any spectre I have see . but as I know you purpose be to do I good , and as I hope to live to be another man from what I be , I be prepare to bear you company , and do it with a thankful heart . will you not speak to I ? it give he no reply . the hand point straight before they . scrooge lead on ! lead on ! the night be wane fast , and it be precious time to I , I know . lead on , Spirit ! the phantom move away as it have come towards he . scrooge follow in its shadow , which seem to bear he up and carry he along . int . the london exchange - day they scarcely seem to enter the Exchange ; for the Exchange rather seem to spring up about they , and encompass they of its own act . they stand amongst the businessman ; the phantom stop and point to one little knot of man . scrooge peer at they . among they be the fat man and the red-face man he have speak to the day before . scrooge yes , I know this gentleman . Business associate . the phantom continue to point . scrooge take the hint and advance to listen to they talk . fat man with a monstrous chin no , I do not know much about it , either way . I only know he 's dead . 2nd man when do he die ? fat man with a monstrous chin last night , I believe . 3rd man why , what be the matter with he ? I think he would never die . fat man with a monstrous chin ( yawn ) God know . red -face man with a pendulous excrescence what have he do with he money ? fat man with a monstrous chin I have not hear . Left it to he company , perhaps . he have not leave it to I . that 's all I know . everyone laugh . fat man with a monstrous chin it 's likely to be a very cheap funeral , for upon my life I do not know of anybody to go another laugh . to it . suppose we make up a party and volunteer ? red -face man with a pendulous excrescence I do not mind go if a lunch be provide . but I must be feed , if I make one . fat man with a monstrous chin well , I be the most disinterested among you , after all , for I never wear black glove , and I never eat lunch . but I will offer to go , if anybody else will . when I come to think of it , I be not at all sure that I be not he most particular friend ; for we use to stop and speak whenever we meet . bye , bye ! the man stroll away , and mix with other group . scrooge look towards the Spirit for a explanation . the phantom glide on into another street . ext . london exchange the phantom 's finger point to two middle - age man meeting on the massive stone step . scrooge ( to the phantom ) I know this man , perfectly . Men of business : very wealthy , and of great importance . I have make a point always of stand well in they esteem ina business point of view , that be ; strictly business . lst businessman how be you ? 2nd businessman how be you ? 1st businessman well ! Old scratch have get he own at last , hey ? 2nd businessman so I be tell . cold , be not it ? lst businessman seasonable for Christmas time . you be not a skaiter , I suppose ? 2nd businessman no. no. something else to think of . good morning ! the two man part . a puzzle scrooge follow the phantom through the street . ext . CITY STREET a busy street corner . scrooge peer curiously at the phantom . scrooge I be rather surprised that you should attach importance to conversation apparently so trivial . no response from the phantom . scrooge they must have some hide purpose , or else you would not be show they to I . be that right ? no response . scrooge they could scarcely have any bear on the death of Jacob , my old partner , for he death be in the past , and this be the future . scrooge look around at the multitude of pedestrian pour past he . scrooge I can not help but notice that this be my accustom corner , and I see by the clock that this be my usual time of day for be here ... but I see no likeness of myself . caught up in what he 's say , scrooge fail to see the phantom move off . scrooge not that I be surprised , you understand . you see , I have be revolve in my mind a , ex , change of life . and I should like to think ... that be , I rather hope ... that my not be here be the result of my have carry out some , ah , resolution regard -- scrooge suddenly notice that the phantom have move on down the street and hurriedly follow it . ext . bad part of town - dusk scrooge trail the phantom , look over this neighborhood , near sunset . the way be foul and narrow ; the shop and house wretch ; the people half - naked , drunken , slipshod , ugly . alley and archway , like so many cesspool , disgorge they offence of smell , and dirt , and life , upon the straggling street ; and the whole quarter reek with crime , with filth , and misery . int . shop - night a low -brow , beetling shop , below a pent-house roof , where iron , old rag , bottle , bone , and greasy offal , be buy . upon the floor within , be pile up heaps of rusty key , nail , chain , hinge , file , scale , weight , and refuse iron of all kind . secret that few would like to scrutinise be breed and hide in mountain of unseemly rag , mass of corrupt fat , and sepulchre of bone . sitting in among the ware he deal in , by a charcoal stove , make of old brick , be a grey-haire rascal , nearly seventy year of age who smoke he pipe in all the luxury of calm retirement . this be old joe . scrooge and the phantom come into he presence , just as a charwoman with a heavy bundle slink into the shop . but she have scarcely enter , when another woman , a laundress , similarly laden , come in too ; and she be closely follow by a man in fade black , a undertaker , who be no less startle by the sight of they , than they have be upon the recognition of each other . after a short period of blank astonishment , in which Old Joe join they , they all three burst into a laugh . charwoman ( to all ) let the charwoman alone to be the first ! let the laundress alone to be the second ; and let the undertaker 's man alone to be the third . ( to Old Joe ) look here , old Joe , here 's a chance ! if we have not all three meet here without meaning it ! old joe you could not have meet in a better place . come into the parlour . you be make free of it long ago , you know ; and the other two be not stranger . stop till I shut the door of the shop . he shut the door which creak badly . old joe ah ! there be not such a rusty bit of metal in the place as its own hinge , I believe ; and I be sure there 's no such old bone here , as mine . ha , ha ! we be all suitable to we call , we be well match . come into the parlour . come into the parlour . they follow he into : int . the parlour a space behind a screen of rag . Old Joe rake the fire together with a old stair-rod , and have trim he smoky lamp , with the stem of he pipe , put it in he mouth again . while he do this , the charwoman throw she bundle on the floor , and sit down in a flaunt manner on a stool ; crossing she elbow on she knee , and look with a bold defiance at the other two . charwoman what odd then ! what odd , Mrs dilber ? every person have a right to take care of themselves . he always do ! laundress that 's true , indeed ! no man more so . charwoman why then , do not stand stare as if you be afraid , woman ; who 's the wiser ? we be not go to pick hole in each other 's coat , I suppose ? laundress no , indeed ! undertaker we should hope not . charwoman very well , then ! that 's enough . who 's the worse for the loss of a few thing like this ? not a dead man , I suppose . laundress no , indeed ! charwoman if he want to keep them after he be dead , a wick old screw , why be not he natural in he lifetime ? if he have be , he would have have somebody to look after he when he be strike with death , instead of lie gasp out he last there , alone by himself . laundress it 's the truest word that ever be speak . it 's a judgment on he . charwoman I wish it be a little heavier judgment , and it should have be , you may depend upon it , if I could have laid my hand on anything else . ( turn to Old Joe ) open that bundle , old Joe , and let I know the value of it . speak out plain . I be not afraid to be the first , nor afraid for they to see it . we know pretty well that we be help ourselves , before we meet here , I believe . it 's no sin . open the bundle , Joe . but the undertaker mount the breach first and produce he plunder of which there 's not much : a seal or two , a pencil -case , a pair of sleeve - button , and a brooch of no great value . Old Joe examine and appraise they and then chalk up he ask price for each , upon the wall , and add they up into a total . old joe ( to the undertaker ) that 's you account , and I would not give another sixpence , if I be to be boil for not do it . who 's next ? the laundress be next . sheet and towel , a little wear apparel , two old - fashioned silver teaspoon , a pair of sugar - tong , and a few boot . Old Joe chalk she account on the wall in the same manner . as he do , scrooge turn to the phantom beside he . scrooge this be disgusting . I can not look at this . have not you anything better to show I ? scrooge turn he back on the group and stare at the wall . old joe I always give too much to lady . it 's a weakness of mine , and that 's the way I ruin myself . that 's you account . if you ask I for another penny , and make it a open question , I would repent of be so liberal and knock off half - a-crown . charwoman and now undo my bundle , Joe . Joe go down on he knee for the great convenience of open she bundle , and have unfasten a great many knot , drag out a large and heavy roll of some dark stuff . it 's scrooge 's bed-curtain . old joe what do you call this ? bed-curtain ? the charwoman laugh and lean forward on she cross arm . charwoman ah ! bed-curtain ! old joe you do not mean to say you take they down , ring and all , with he lie there ? charwoman yes I do . why not ? scrooge , still with he back to the scene , listen to this dialogue in horror . scrooge huh ! ring and all ! old joe you be bear to make you fortune , and you will certainly do it . charwoman ( coolly ) I certainly sha not hold my hand , when I can get anything in it by reach it out , for the sake of such a man as he be , I promise you . Old Joe pull out some more material . charwoman Joe , do not drop that oil upon the blanket , now . old joe his blanket ? charwoman whose else 's do you think ? he be not likely to take cold without them , I dare say . Old Joe stop and look up . old joe I hope he do not die of anything catch ? eh ? charwoman do not you be afraid of that . I be not so fond of he company that I would loiter about he for such thing , if he do . ah ! you may look through that shirt till you eye ache ; but you will not find a hole in it , nor a threadbare place . it 's the best he have , and a fine one too . they would have waste it , if it have not be for I . old joe what do you call waste of it ? charwoman put it on he to be bury in , to be sure . somebody be fool enough to do it , but I take it off again . if calico be not good enough for such a purpose , it be not good enough for anything . it 's quite as become to the body . he can not look uglier than he do in that one . as they sit group about they spoil , in the scanty light afforded by Old Joe 's lamp , the three watch old Joe put the various item out of sight and produce a flannel bag with money in it . he dole out payment to each . scrooge turn to watch . charwoman ha , ha ! this be the end of it , you see ! he frighten every one away from he when he be alive , to profit we when he be dead ! ha , ha , ha ! a sicken scrooge turn to the phantom . scrooge spirit ! I see , I see . the case of this unhappy man might be my own . my life tend that way , now . that be the lesson I be to draw from this poor man 's fate , be it not ? the phantom , as if in anger at scrooge 's stupidity , violently lash out -- spread its dark robe over scrooge , momentarily blind he -- then whip the robe away to reveal : int . dark room scrooge find himself in a dark room , almost touch a bed : a bare , uncurtain bed . scrooge merciful Heaven , what be this ? the room be very dark , too dark to be observe with any accuracy , though scrooge glance ' round it , anxious to know what kind of room it be . a pale light , rise in the outer air , fall straight upon the bed ; and on it , plunder and bereft , unwatch , unwept , uncare for , be the body of a man . narrator ( voice over ) oh cold , cold , rigid , dreadful death , set up thine altar here , and dress it with such terror as thou hast at thy command : for this be thy dominion ! but of the love , revere , and honoure head , thou canst not turn one hair to thy dread purpose , or make one feature odious . it be not that the hand be heavy and will fall down when release ; it be not that the heart and pulse be still ; but that the hand be open , generous , and true ; the heart brave , warm , and tender ; and the pulse a man' . Strike , shadow , strike ! and see he good deed spring from the wound , to sow the world with life immortal . under the voice over : scrooge glance towards the phantom . its steady hand point to the cover head . scrooge hesitantly approach the dead man and attempt to uncover its face . but he cannot bring himself to do so . his hand shake and he back away . a cat meow somewhere in the dark . scrooge , he face drip with sweat , turn to the phantom . scrooge Spirit ! this be a fearful place . in leave it , I shall not leave its lesson , trust I . let we go ! still the phantom point with a unmove finger to the head . scrooge I understand you and I would look at this dead man 's face , if I could . but I have not the power , Spirit . I have not the power . the phantom seem to look upon he . scrooge if there be any person in the town , who feel emotion cause by this man 's death , show that person to I , Spirit , I beseech you ! the light that fall from above instantly flash , momentarily blind scrooge . when he eye clear : int . bright room - day scrooge stand in a room by daylight , where a mother and she child sit . the child play quietly . the mother look out the window ; glance at the clock , and try , but in vain , to work with she needle . at the sound of a knock , she hurry to the door , and meet she husband ; a man whose face , though young , be careworn and depressed . there be a remarkable expression in it now ; a kind of serious delight of which he feel ashamed , and which he struggle to repress . she tell I the news . he appear embarrassed how to answer . she be it good ... or bad ? he bad . she we be quite ruin ? he no . there be hope yet , caroline . she if he relent , there be . nothing be past hope , if such a miracle have happen . he he be past relenting . he be dead . after a long moment , the news sink in . she ( genuinely ) I be thankful in my soul to hear that . ( a little less convincingly ) May God forgive I for have say such a thing . she clasp she hand together in joy . he when I try to see he and obtain a week 's delay , he charwoman tell I he be ill ; and what I think be a mere excuse to avoid I , turn out to have be quite true . he be not only very ill , but die , then . she to whom will we debt be transfer ? he I do not know . but before that time we shall be ready with the money ; and even though we be not , it would be a bad fortune indeed to find so merciless a creditor in he successor . we may sleep to - night with light heart , caroline ! they heart be clearly lighter . the child 's face , hushed and cluster round to hear what they so little understand , be brighter ; stand in the sunlight , next to a window , scrooge slowly turn to the phantom . scrooge so ... it 's a happier house for this man 's death ! be that the only emotion you can show I -- pleasure ? ( beat ) but then I do not suppose one can find much tenderness connect with a death ? the phantom reach up and pull down the window - shade , block the sun , darken the room . the phantom release the shade and it snap up and out of view to reveal a night sky and the reflection of a light fireplace in the glass . scrooge look at the glass a moment before turn to see where he be . int . bob cratchit home - night Mrs. cratchit and the child sit round the fire . quiet . very quiet . the noisy little cratchit be as still as statue in one corner , and sit look up at Peter , who have a book before he . the mother and she daughter sew . peter ( read aloud ) ... he shall cover thee with he feather , and under he wing shalt thou trust : he truth shall be thy shield and buckler . thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night ; nor for the arrow that flieth by day ; nor for the pestilence that walketh in Peter look up hand up to she darkness ; nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday . a thousand shall fall at thy side , and ten thousand at thy right hand ; but it shall not come nigh thee . because thou hast make the Lord , which be my refuge , even the most High , thy habitation ; there shall no evil befall thee , neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling . for he shall give he angel charge over thee , to keep thee in all thy way . because he hath set he love upon I , therefore will I deliver he : I will set he on high , because he hath know my name . he shall call upon I , and I will answer he : I will be with he in trouble ; I will deliver he , and honour he .... to see Mrs cratchit lay she work upon the table and put she face . peter shall I stop read ? mrs . cratchit no , no . it 's only the colour . it hurt my eye . scrooge be puzzle by this : he peer intently at the group . Black be the colour of the material in the woman 's hand . Mrs. cratchit regains she composure . mrs . cratchit they be better now again . it make they weak by candle - light ; and I would not show weak eye to you father when he come home , for the world . it must be near he time . peter past it rather . but I think he have walk a little slower than he use to this last few evening , mother . Peter shut he Bible . they be very quiet again . a long pause , and then Mrs cratchit speak in a steady , cheerful voice , that only faulter once . mrs . cratchit I have know he walk with -- I have know he walk with tiny Tim upon he shoulder , very fast indeed . peter and so have i. often . mrs . cratchit but he be very light to carry , and he father love he so , that it be no trouble : no trouble . a noise stir she . mrs . cratchit and there be you father at the door ! Bob in he comforter come in -- alone . as the family greet he with he cup of tea in a unusually subdued fashion , it finally dawns on scrooge what have happen . scrooge oh , my God ... the phantom make no move . scrooge watch as the cratchit family draw about the fire ; Peter try to read silently to himself ; the girl and mother return to they sewing ; Bob sip he tea . bob cratchit ( pleasantly ) I run into Mr. scrooge 's nephew in the street today . he think I look a little -- just a little down , you know -- and he inquire as to what have happen to distress I . on which , for he be the pleasantest - speak gentleman you ever hear , I tell he . " I be heartily sorry for it , Mr cratchit , " he say , '' and heartily sorry for you good wife . " ( pause ) by the bye , how he ever know that , I do not know . mrs . cratchit knew what ? bob cratchit why , that you be a good wife . Mrs. cratchit smile . peter everybody know that . bob cratchit I hope they do . '' heartily sorry , " he say , '' for you good wife . if I can be of service to you in any way , be sure to let I know " -- and he hand I he card . now , it be not for the sake of anything he might be able to do for we , so much as for he kind way , that this be quite delightful . it really seem as if he have know we tiny Tim , and feel with we . mrs . cratchit I be sure he 's a good soul . bob cratchit you would be surer of it , if you see and speak to he . I should not be at all surprised if he get Peter a better situation . mrs . cratchit hear that , Peter ? martha and then , Peter will be keep company with someone , and set up for himself . peter ( grin ) get along with you ! bob cratchit ( to Peter ) it 's just as likely as not , one of this day ; though there 's plenty of time for that . ( to all ) but however and whenever we part from one another , I be sure we shall none of we forget poor tiny Tim -- shall we ? -- or this first parting that there be among we ? the child ( ad-lib ) never , father ! no . of course not . bob cratchit and I know ... I know that when we recollect how patient and how mild he be ; although he be a little , little child ; we shall not quarrel easily among ourselves , and forget poor tiny Tim in do it . the child ( ad-lib ) no , never , father ! that 's right . bob cratchit ( at the point of tear ) I be very happy . I be very happy . Mrs cratchit kiss he , he daughter kiss he , the two young cratchit kiss he , and Peter shake he hand . Bob abruptly leave the room , and go upstairs . the family member look at one another with concern . int . upstair room a bedroom , cheerfully light , and hang with Christmas decoration . Bob enter hesitantly and sit down in a chair close to the bed . after he compose himself with a unspoken prayer , he lean over and kiss the face of tiny Tim , whose body we now see stretch out , lifeless , on the bed . Bob break down all at once . bob cratchit ( nearly inaudible ) my little , little child . my little child . scrooge watch grimly from the far side of the room . the phantom stand beside he . scrooge shut he eye . scrooge ( to the phantom ) tell I what man that be whom we see lie dead . when scrooge open he eye ... ext . london STREET scrooge and the phantom be halfway between scrooge 's count - house and the church tower opposite it . the phantom lead scrooge toward the church . but scrooge , see the count - house , grasp the phantom 's robe . scrooge wait . that be where my place of occupation be , and have be for a length of time . let I behold what I shall be , in day to come . the phantom stop ; the hand point elsewhere . scrooge my office be yonder . why do you point away ? the inexorable finger undergoe no change . scrooge just wait a moment , please . scrooge rush off . ext . counting -house scrooge nervously hasten to the window of he office , and look in . it 's a office still , but not he . the furniture be not the same , and the figure in the chair be not himself . ext . london STREET the phantom point as before . scrooge join the phantom once again , confuse , and accompany it until they reach a iron gate . he pause to look round before enter . ext . the church yard a row of gravestone . wall in by house ; overrun by grass and weed . the phantom stand among the grave , and point down to one . scrooge advance towards it , tremble . then stop . scrooge before I draw nearer to that stone to which you point , answer I one question . be this the shadow of the thing that will be , or be they shadow of thing that May be , only ? still the phantom point downward to the grave by which it stand . scrooge Men 's course will foreshadow certain end , to which , if persever in , they must lead . but if the course be depart from , the end will change . say it be thus with what you show I ! the phantom be immovable as ever . scrooge creep toward the grave , tremble ; and follow the finger , read upon the stone of the neglect grave he own name , ebenezer scrooge . scrooge fall to he knee . scrooge be I that man who lay upon the bed ? the finger point from the grave to scrooge , and back again . scrooge no , Spirit ! oh no , no ! the finger still be there . scrooge scramble to he foot and clutches the phantom 's robe . scrooge Spirit ! hear I ! I be not the man I be . I will not be the man I must have be but for this intervention . why show I this , if I be past all hope ? for the first time , the hand appear to shake . scrooge fall down before it , sobbing violently , he face wet with tear . scrooge good Spirit . you nature intercede for I , and pity I . assure I that I yet may change this shadow you have show I , by a alter life ! the kind hand tremble . scrooge I will honour Christmas in my heart , and try to keep it all the year . I will live in the past , the present , and the future . the spirit of all Three shall strive within I . I will not shut out the lesson that they teach . oh , tell I I may sponge away the write on this stone ! in he agony , as he catch the spectral hand , scrooge see a alteration in the phantom 's hood and dress . it shrink , collapse , and dwindle down into a bedpost . int . scrooge's bed-room yes ! and the bedpost be he own . scrooge let go of the post and scramble out of bed , fall to he knee . he be out of he mind , babbling like a lunatic . scrooge I will live in the past , the present , and the future ! the spirit of all Three shall strive within I . oh Jacob marley ! Heaven , and the Christmas time be praise for this ! I say it on my knee , old Jacob ; on my knee ! scrooge fold a bed-curtain over he arm . scrooge they be not tear down . they be not tear down , ring and all . they be here : I be here : the shadow of the thing that would have be , may be dispell . they will be . I know they will ! scrooge 's hand be busy with he garment all this time : turn they inside out , put they on upside down , tear they , mislay they , etc . he laugh and cry in the same breath , stumbling out of the bed-room . int . scrooge's sitting -room scrooge stand there : perfectly wind . scrooge I do not know what to do ! I be as light as a feather , I be as happy as a angel , I be as merry as a school - boy . I be as giddy as a drunken man . a merry Christmas to every - body ! a happy New Year to all the world ! hallo here ! whoop ! hallo ! scrooge start off again , go round the fire-place . scrooge there 's the saucepan that the gruel be in ! there 's the door , by which the ghost of Jacob marley enter ! there 's the corner where the ghost of Christmas present , sit ! there 's the window where I see the wander spirit ! it 's all right , it 's all true , it all happen . ha ha ha ! really , for a man who have be out of practice for so many year , it 's a splendid laugh , a most illustrious laugh . the father of a long , long line of brilliant laugh . scrooge I do not know what day of the month it be ! I do not know how long I have be among the spirit . I do not know anything . I be quite a baby . never mind . I do not care . I would rather be a baby . hallo ! whoop ! hallo here ! he pause as the church bell ring out the hour . scrooge start babbling along with it . scrooge clash , clang , hammer , ding , do , bell ! Bell , do , ding , hammer , clang , clash ! oh , glorious , glorious ! he run to the window , hurl it open , and look out . ext . scrooge's build - day not a trace of fog or darkness . Golden sunlight ; heavenly blue sky ; merry bell . not too many people on the street . scrooge oh , glorious . glorious ! scrooge spot a boy in sunday clothes , loitering on the sidewalk below . scrooge what 's to-day ? boy in sunday clothes eh ? scrooge what 's to -day , my fine fellow ? boy in sunday clothes to-day ? why , Christmas Day . scrooge ( to himself ) it 's Christmas Day ! I have not miss it . the spirit have do it all in one night . they can do anything they like . of course they can . of course they can . ( to the boy ) hallo , my fine fellow ! boy in sunday clothes hallo ! scrooge do you know the poulterer 's , in the next street but one , at the corner ? boy in sunday clothes I should hope I do . scrooge ( to himself ) a intelligent boy ! a remarkable boy ! ( to the boy ) do you know whether they have sell the prize Turkey that be hang up there ? not the little prize Turkey ; the big one ? boy in sunday clothes what , the one as big as I ? scrooge ( to himself ) what a delightful boy ! it 's a pleasure to talk to he . ( to the boy ) yes , my buck ! boy in sunday clothes it 's hang there now . scrooge be it ? go and buy it . the boy stare in disbelief for a moment , then thumb he nose at scrooge in disgust . boy in sunday clothes walk -er ! scrooge no , no , I be in earnest . go and buy it , and tell ‘em to bring it here , that I may give they the direction where to take it . come back with the man , and I will give you a shilling . come back with he in less than five minute , and I will give you half - a-crown ! the boy take off run down the street . int . scrooge's sitting -room scrooge rub he hand and laugh . he write Bob cratchit 's address on a slip of paper with a unsteady hand . scrooge I will send it to Bob cratchit 's ! he sha ' not know who send it . it 's twice the size of tiny Tim . Joe Miller never make such a joke as send it to Bob 's will be ! ext . scrooge's build moment later , scrooge open the street door , ready for the come of the poulterer 's man . as he stand there , with the slip of paper in he hand , the knocker catch he eye . he pat it with he hand . scrooge I shall love it , as long as I live ! I scarcely ever look at it before . what a honest expression it have in its face ! it 's a wonderful knocker ! the boy and the poulterer' man arrive with a gigantic turkey . scrooge ( to the knocker ) here 's the Turkey . ( to the turkey - bearer ) hallo ! whoop ! how be you ! merry Christmas ! scrooge inspect the turkey -- it never could have stand upon its leg , that bird . it would have snap them short off in a minute , like stick of sealing - wax . scrooge why , it 's impossible to carry that to camden town . you must have a cab . scrooge chuckle as he say this , and we go into a christmas day montage scrooge chuckle as he pay for the Turkey , chuckle as he pay for the cab , chuckle as he recompense the boy , chuckle as he sit down breathless in he sit - room chair again , and chuckle till he cry . scrooge shave at he wash - basin . his hand shake very much ; partly because he be laugh and dance with joy . at one point , he nick himself and laugh even harder . out in the street , scrooge be dress in he Sunday best . by this time , crowd pour forth , as he have see they with the ghost of Christmas present ; walk with he hand behind he , scrooge regards every one with a delighted smile . he look so irresistibly pleasant that three or four good - humoure fellow say , " good morning , sir ! a merry Christmas to you ! " scrooge react as if this be the sweetest sound he 's ever hear and return the greeting . farther down the street , scrooge suddenly tense up . come on towards he he see the portly gentleman , who have walk into he count - house the day before , and say , " scrooge and marley 's , I believe ? " scrooge slow down for a moment , then resolve himself to what he must do . he quicken he pace and take the gentleman by both he hand . scrooge my dear sir . how do you do ? I hope you succeed yesterday . it be very kind of you . a merry Christmas to you , sir ! lst gentleman Mr scrooge ? scrooge yes . that be my name , and I fear it may not be pleasant to you . allow I to ask you pardon . and will you have the goodness -- scrooge whisper in he ear . the gentleman react as if he breath be go . 1st gentleman Lord bless I ! my dear Mr scrooge , be you serious ? scrooge if you please . not a farthing less . a great many back - payment be include in it , I assure you . will you do I that favour ? lst gentleman ( shake scrooge 's hand ) my dear sir . I do not know what to say to such munificence . scrooge do not say anything , please . come and see I . will you come and see I ? 1st gentleman I will ! scrooge thank ‘ee . I be much oblige to you . I thank you fifty time . bless you ! christmas day montage continue several view of scrooge in church . it 's be year since he last visit and he look around nervously upon enter . during the sing of a hymn , everyone know the word by heart , save scrooge -- who rapidly thumb through a hymn-book , until the little boy sit on he right hand he he own hymn-book open to the correct page , whereupon scrooge nod to he in thanks . later , scrooge pull out a huge wad of bill and put entirely too much money in the collection plate before hand it to the astonished woman on he leave -- and upon see she startle look , he hastily remove a few more bill from the wad and place they in the plate with a impish grin . scrooge walk about the street , watch the people hurry to and for , pat child on the head , question beggar , look down into the kitchen of house , up into the window : and find that all this thing yield he pleasure . ext . house - night in a nice part of town . scrooge pace uncertainly outside . he slowly approach the front door but at the last moment , he return to the sidewalk . finally , he take a deep breath , find the courage to go up and knock , and make a dash for it . he knock and stand there , tight - lipped and shaking nervously . no answer . he begin to leave . a may open the door . scrooge be you master at home , my dear ? maid yes , sir . scrooge where be he , my love ? maid he 's in the sit - room , sir , along with mistress . I will show you in , if you please . int . house the may lead scrooge to the close sit - room door . scrooge thank ‘ee . he know I . I will go just in , my dear . scrooge cross to the sit - room and tense up as he put he hand on the doorknob . the may see this and watch scrooge curiously . scrooge look up to see she stare at he . from he face , it 's clear to she that he be scared to enter and she give he a reassure nod and smile . scrooge return the smile and , take a deep breath , he turn the doorknob gently and sidle he face in , round the door . int . he nephew's sitting -room scrooge see he nephew Fred surround by he party guest -- all laugh a long , hearty laugh , exactly as scrooge have hear it when with the Spirit . fred he say that Christmas be a humbug , as I live ! he believe it too ! scrooge Fred ! scrooge fling the door open and startles he niece who be , as before , sit in the chair in the corner right by the door . scrooge be at once apologetic and turn to she . scrooge oh , I be so sorry . I forget you be there . she do not know quite what to make of that . scrooge 's back be momentarily turn toward he nephew who gaze on he in disbelief . fred why bless my soul ! who 's that ? scrooge turn around to face he astonished nephew , then nervously thread he way through the guest to confront he . scrooge it 's i. you uncle scrooge . a awkward pause ensue as everyone merely stare at scrooge -- a skunk at a garden party . he realize he must try to break the ice . scrooge ( flawlessly imitate the plump sister ) it 's you uncle scro-o-o0 - o-oge ! scrooge flash a happy grin . the guest stare at he in confusion . he grow immediately sober . scrooge ( to Fred ) I have come as you ask . will you let I in , Fred ? fred let you in ! I -- Fred burst out laugh again and shake scrooge 's hand so hard , it 's a mercy he do not take he arm off . Fred be still laugh as some of the other guest crowd around scrooge , greeting he , patting he on the back , bring he a drink . some of the other move away from he and whisper among themselves : surely this be not the uncle scrooge ! one of the guest ( to scrooge ) you know , I have always want to meet you , Mr. scrooge . the droll way in which you nephew portray you have make I curious . I say , have you meet mister ...? one of the female guest have begin to play a simple little tune upon the harp ; and the other choose partner and take to dance about the room . there might be twenty people there , young and old , but they all dance . include , for the first time in year , ebenezer scrooge . dissolve to : int . counting - house - day the day after Christmas . Bright sunshine pour into scrooge 's office . all be quiet save for the tick of the clock -- which read 9:18 . scrooge sit behind he desk , grin like a madman , with he door wide open so that he might see Bob cratchit come into he tank - like office . Bob burst in , he hat and comforter already off . he jump on he stool in a jiffy , drive away with he pen , as if he be try to overtake nine o'clock . meanwhile , try to suppress a grin , scrooge manage a approximation of he old caustic personality . scrooge cratchit ! you be late ! what do you mean by come here at this time of day ? bob cratchit I be very sorry , sir . I be behind my time . scrooge you be ? yes . I think you be . step this way , if you please . Bob reluctantly leave the tank and join scrooge in the office . bob cratchit it 's only once a year , sir . it shall not be repeat . I be make rather merry yesterday , sir . scrooge now , I will tell you what , my friend . I be not go to stand this sort of thing any longer . and therefore ... scrooge leap from he chair , and give Bob such a dig in the waistcoat that he stagger back into the tank again . scrooge ... and therefore I be about to raise you salary ! Bob gasp , tremble , and inch away from scrooge , pick up a nearby ruler to use in self - defense . scrooge a merry Christmas , Bob ! a merrier Christmas , Bob , my good fellow , than I have give you for many a year ! ( quietly ) I be go to raise you salary . and if you will let I , I would like to try to help you family . a incredulous Bob stare at scrooge for a long , long moment . scrooge ( laugh ) well , let 's discuss it this afternoon , over a Christmas bowl of smoking bishop , Bob ! make up the fire , and buy another coal - scuttle before you dot another i , Bob cratchit . scrooge grin at a still uncertain Bob cratchit . the distant sound of caroler sing a appropriate hymn grow louder . dissolve to : int . sitting - room - night the narrator look down at the book in he lap , a quiet smile on he face . outside he window , a small group of caroler slowly approach continue the hymn . the young people circle around the narrator seem edgy and dissatisfied . narrator and that 's the story . the skeptical adolescent how much of that be true ? narrator ( matter-of -fact ) well , I be there for some of it . and I hear about some of it . ( wink ) and I make up the rest . the child laugh . the skeptical adolescent yeah , but do old man scrooge really keep he word ? narrator yes . in fact , he be better than he word . he do everything he say he would , and much more . the ten year old girl ( concerned ) what happen to tiny Tim ? do he --? do he --? narrator ( reassure ) no. tiny Tim do not die . and scrooge be like a second father to he . ( a faraway look in he eye ) he become as good a friend , as good a teacher , and as good a man , as any person could hope to know . the girl seem reassure . the skeptical adolescent ( laugh ) oh , come on . people just do not change like that overnight . narrator ( shrug ) in fact , a lot of people laugh at he when he change , but he let they laugh , and do not pay any attention to it ; I think he be smart enough to know that nothing good ever happen in this world that people will not laugh at it -- at first . and that it 's better to make people laugh than make they do some other thing I can think of . ( beat ) his own heart laugh : and I think that be good enough for he . the adolescent who wished he be a adult and do you mean to say that he have no further intercourse with spirit ? narrator ah , well ... ( mischievous grin ) after that , he adopt the principle of abstinence and no spirit ever visit he again , as far as he know . the narrator glance around at he audience but there be no more question . he decide to add a final word . narrator well ... it be always say of Mr. scrooge that if anyone know how to keep Christmas well , it be he . if only that could truly be say of we . of all of we . merry Christmas . the narrator return the book to the ten year old girl . the ten year old girl ( quietly , to herself ) ... and may God bless we , every one . the narrator smile . outside , the carol have get steadily louder . a tapping sound cause everyone to turn to the window , where the caroler beckon to they . everyone in the room holler ( " hey ! " " look who 's here ! they rise and rush to the front door -- except for the ten year old girl who linger to help the narrator to he foot . he thanks she and , hand in hand , they follow the other to the door . for the first time , we see he carry a cane . and limp , favor he right leg . could this be tiny Tim all grow up ? they join the little crowd just outside the door -- caroler and child -- in sing " God Rest ye merry , gentlemen " or some such thing . ext . the front doorstep as they sing , they breath visible in the cold night air , we pan up and away to find ext . rooftop a spectral figure lean over the edge of the roof , peer down , smile at the music . it be marley' ghost , a look of peace and satisfaction on its no longer glassy face . marley turn to reveal another ghost right beside he -- scrooge 's . to the surprise of both , the chain ' round marley 's body jerk to life and begin to unspool rapidly , fall away from he as if there be a ship 's anchor at the end of it . in a moment , the chain be go and marley be free . he clutches he waist and look himself over . and then beam at scrooge gratefully . scrooge grin , then realize something . suddenly , he reach up with he leave hand and remove the wrapper that keep marley 's jaw in place . the jaw do not drop . marley click he tooth together a few time to test they , then break into a broad smile . he mouth a " thank you " to scrooge . the two ghost shake hand . scrooge look down at the wrapper in he hand and , with a flourish , toss it over the edge . the two ghost take flight , into a night sky teeming with free spirit , as the group below finish sing ... a Christmas carol . fade out a long , silent pause . fade in on what appear to be the floor of scrooge 's room upon which rest the extinguisher cap last see cover the ghost of Christmas past . the cap tip over and the ghost appear from under it in a dazzle burst of light . the ghost 's face fill the screen and , after a wink , it begin to morph into the face of all the feature actor . as each actor 's face appear , they credit be superimpose beneath they . the final image be of tiny Tim in scrooge 's arm , give the old man a hug . tiny tim ( whisper ) May God bless we , every one . the image blur and spiral away under the extinguisher cap and suddenly all be dark . end credit fade out