a christmas story eseries a film base on original material by Jean shepherd screenplay by dean shepherd Bob Clark leigh Brown red shoot script December 7 , 1982 ees | Christmas Tree film Inc. page page page page page page page page page page . page December 9 , 1982 " a christmas . story " specific scene breakdown - not noted in script 7 37 40 41 58 65 80 81 90 91 113 spt 9pt opt 9pt 25pt 26pt 27pt 35pt 4lpt 53pt 53pt 62pt 62pt t4pt ext . backyard - ralphie 's Pov - Day mo shot ~- ralphie ~-. kitchen - Day long shot - the yard . - Day the family kitchen - Day int . bedroom - Day " ralphie be lose in he reverie '' ralphie' bedroom - dusk '' in reality , ralphie hear a voluminous racket ... " int / ext ralphie' Pov - the bumpus house - Day " the house be surround ... " ralphie & reality - int . classroom - Day : miss shield - " do you want something ralphie " ext . road - night '' Ralph get out of the car " randy race past ralph into the bathroom the bathroom door fly OPEN close - up - randy under the sink - bathroom ~ Day bedroom house " ralphie dash into the house ... " please make a notation . in you script be the above breakdown . ext . the steel mill loom ~ long shot . - dusk 1 . graphic say Northern Indiana , ' sometime in the 1940' . fade up to find hohman , a steel town squatting beside Lake Michigan ; camera pan the city , then begin a series of cut to show ever more microcosmic view of hohman . ' the narrator's voice ( jean shepherd ) fade up . we hear a medley of classic christmas carol which form a strike contrast to the image . . ralphie , flick and schwartz run across a slag heap in foreground . randy . trail behind . narrator ( v.0o . ) hohman , Indiana . it cling precariously to the underbody of Chicago like a barnacle cling to . the rotting hulk of a tramp steamer . on the far horizon , beyond the railroad yard and the great refinery tank , lay we own mysterious , private mountain range . Dark and mysterious , cold and uninhabited , the steel mill stack like malignant domino against the steel gray sky . ext . junkyard ~- dusk 2 . kid run past delapidate fence . narrator ( v.o. cont would ) early December . have see the first of the great blizzard of that year . ' the wind howling down out of the canadian wild a few hundred mile to the North scream over freeze Lake Michigan ... ext , pulaskis ' candy store = dusk - 3. kid race by , Randy trail . ( continued ) a te tt tet ti I tis Di = = 3 . continued 3. ~ narrator ( v.o. cont would ) - and hit hohman , lay on the town great drift of snow and long , story -high icicle and sub-zero temperature where the air crack and sing , streetcar wire creak under cake ice and kid plodd to school . through 45 mile a hour gale , tilting forward like tiny , furred radiator ornament . 4 . ext , downtown hohman - night 4 . ' fill with car and shopper . narrator : but over it all , like a faint , thin off -stage chorus be the building excitement . Christmas be on its way . each day be more exciting than the last , because Christmas be one day closer . 5 . ext . downtown hohman ~ tracking shot - kide weaving 5 . emong ' pper — night narrator . Lovely , beautiful , glorious Christmas , around which the entire kid year revolve . downtown hohman be prepare for its yearly 1 bacchanalia of peace on earth and good will to man . | 6 . ext . higbee' dept . store = extras -. night 6 . camera cut to a wide shot of higbee 's Department store window . citizen stand " cohe " and " '' aah " in front of the yule splendor . camera move in toward the window . narrator looe higbee 's Department store ' corner window be traditionally a major high - water mark of the pre-christmas season . it set the tone , the motif of they giant yuletide Jubilee . kid be _ bring in from mile around just to ( ) see the window . ( continued ) '' 6. continued 6. narrator ( v.o. cont would ) Old codger would recall vintage year when the window have flower more fulsomely than in ordinary time . this be one of that year . the magnificent display have be officially unveil on a crowded Saturday night . it be a instant smash hit . camera pan the rapt face peer in . one little boy ralphie come bob up between the leg of a startle grownup . we see . flick , schwartz and randy also . narrator ( cont would ) first night pack earmuff to earmuff , they steamy breath clouding up the sparkling plate glass , jostle in rapt admiration before a golden , tinkling panoply of mechanize electronic joy . camera pan the window . over this shot we see the open title . . this be the heyday of the Seven dwarf and they virginal de mother snow White . Walt Disney 's seven cutie+ pie hammer and chisel and paint while Santa , bounce snow White on he . mechanical knee , ho-he-ho 's through eight strategically placeé loudspeaker -- intersperse by chorus of " heigh ho , heigh ho , it 's off to work we go " . grumpy sit at the control of a miniature eight - wheel rock Island Road steam engine and sleepy play a marimba , while in the background , inexplicably , Mrs. Claus 1 ceaselessly iron a red shirt . sparkle artificial snow drift down on shirley Temple doll , flexible Flyers , and tinker toy set glow in the golden spot - light . in the foreground a frontier stockade build of lincoln log be manned by a company of kilted lead highlander who be doughtily fend off a attack by six U.S. Army medium tank . ( History have always be vague in Indiana . ) a few foot away stand a arthurian cardboard castle with raggedy Andy sit on the draw ~ bridge , he foot in the moat , through which a lionel freight train burping real smoke go round and round . dopey sit in amo and Andy 's pedal - operate Fresh Air taxicab beside a stuff panda hold a lollipop in he paw , bear the heart - tug legend , " hug I " . ( continued ) a 6 . continued : atl from fluffy cotton cloud above , dionne quintuplet ° doll wear plaid golf knicker hang from billow parachute , have just bail out of a high - fly balsawood fokker triplane .. all in all , Santa 's workshop make salvador dali look like norman rockwell . narrator it be a good year . maybe even a great one . like a swell Christmas balloon , the excitement mount until the whole town . toss restlessly in bed -- and make . plan for the big day . already my own scheme be well under way , a scheme whose machiavellian brilliance and olympian perserverance make that Christmas stand out among - christmase past . camera pan from ralphie 's rapt fact to the beam face of Red Ryder , who be hustling the Daisy . bb rifle to aching kid everywhere . we dissolve to the entrance face of ralphie . 7 . int . ralph parker' house = day 7 camera pull back to reveal that ralphie be read " Boy 's life . " downstair we hear the hectic routine of a school morning . the omnipresent radio crackle in the background . ralphie 's father , hereafter know as the Old man , roar dimly in the distance as he fight the good fight against the indefatigable Indiana winter . ralphie 's mother call intermittently the wane minute before school deadline . narrator I remember . clearly , itchingly , nervously , maddeningly the first time I laid eye on it , picture in a three - color smear illustration in a full - page back cover ad in ' Boy 's life . ' . camera cut to ralphie 's Pov and start a slow zoom into the smile face of Red Ryder . we see the fallow - ing copy on the page : CO ( continued ) ( od o 7 . continued -5 - boy ! at last you - can own a official red ryder carbine action two hundre shot range model AIR rifle . narrator ( cont would ) Red Ryder , he jaw square , stare out at I manfully , and speak directly to : I eye to eye . in he hand be the knurle stock of as beautiful , as coolly deadly look a piece of weaponry as I would ever laid eye on . camera pan over its page , see the follow copy as we hear ralphie begin read it out loud to himself . the SOUND of ralph ( 0.s. ) yes , fellow , this two-hundred shot carbine action air rifle , just like the one I use in all my range war chasin ' they rustler and bad guy can be you very own ! it have a special build - in secret compass in the stock for tell the direction if you be lose on the trail , and also a official Red Ryder sundial for tell time out in the wild . you just lay you cheek ' gainst this stock , sight over my own special design cloverleaf sight , and you just can not miss . tell dad it 's great for target shoot and varmit , and it will make a swell Christmas gift ! Ralph 's voice reverberate and echoes . ralph ( o.s . ) ( continue ) make a swell Christmas gift , make a swell Christmas lift , make a swell Christmas see . camera cut to ralphie and begin a slow 200m into he eye . {continued ) - 6 - 7 . continued 7. narrator a swell Christmas gift ! here be Red Ryder himself nail I , he pal ralphie with he calculatingly demonic underplay -~ know full well that it be not merely a swell Christmas gift but the Christmas gift -- the quintessential Christmas gift , the Holy grail of Christmas gift . por the first time in my life the initial symptom of genuine lunancy , of mania set in . camera have arrive at a extremely close shot of } ralphie 's eye . we dissolve to the follow , which be ralphie 's daydream fantasy . dissolve to : | 8 . int , ralph's kitchen - extreme closeup ~ ralphie' eye ~ 8. reer camera pull back to see ralphie on one knee , he trusty | Red Ryder air rifle at the ready . as camera continue wt to pull back we see ralphie 's Father huddle in the corner , — he arm about ralphie 's mother , whose eye roll with cosmic fear . at she foot , randy , ralphie 's brother , be clasped in he mother 's desperate arm , he fingernails poise before he chatter tooth . his eye stare as if they beheld the come of the millenium . ralphie 's Father speak : father 1 save we , ralphie ! ( pause ) for you mother 's . sake . closeup ~ ralbhie narrator with herculean caim ralphie turn to they . ralphie do not worry , dad . as long as I get , ol ' Blue . ( continued ) continued 8 . he hold up he bb air rifle . then camera cut behind what be obviously the kitchen sink of ralphie 's house . slowly ralphie 's face appear over the edge . the steely eye survey the scene before he . ext . backyard - ralphie' Pov - day 9 . look past the kitchen faucet and out the kitchen window we see what ralphie see ! at various point across the backyard , desperate man be creep on they belly across the snow toward the house . there be about eight .of they , and each wear a thin bandit- burglar type black mask , the kind that look like goggle . they all wear stripe shirt and carry blackjack . one near the house ; two be slinking over the fence . one crawl through the garage door . mo . shot - ralphie he survey the situation coolly , then fast as a whip - snake he leap . up and snap off three shot . long shot - the yard Three bad guy leap acrobatically into the air , mortally wounded . the other stand up , stricken into dumbness by the sting of " ol ' Blue . " they race unceremoniously and plunge headlong over the fence and disappear down the alley . we ... CUT back to : the family they cheer wildly , embrace ralphie . ralphie stand tolerate this stoically but kindly . family you save we , ralphie , you save we ! we be all goner , ralphie , and you save we !. ( continued ) C ) 9 . continued ralphie ( manfully ) I and ol1 ' Blue . of course , there be some that do not want I to have ' ol Blue ... closeup ~ jhe family narrator they look down in abject humiliation under my stern . but kindly reprimand . the truth have smote they ! closeup - ralphie narrator I turn away after a moment , stare into the danger zone bravely ; heroically , with just a trace show in my.ey of that | distant hurt that be afflict upon I by my now contrite family . suddenly ralphie be startle and we hear a voice . back to reality " mother { o.s. ) ralphie ! Randy ! downstair in two minute . 10 . int . bedroom . ralphie - day 10 . we realize ralohie have be jarre out of he fantasy by he mother 's voice . he leap up and scurries to get ready . Randy plunge into the drawer and start to do he Little brother thing . two minute mean two minute . ( continued ) 10 . will . continued . 10 . narrator mother know nothing about creep marauder burrow through the snow toward the kitchen where only you and you alone stand between you tiny huddle family and insensate evil . there be no question about it . not only should I have such . a gun -~ it be a ° absolute necessity ! Race memory of kid plot through the age begin to surge through my cortex into conscious strategy . int . parent ' bedroom - ralph - day 11 . camera follows ralphie into he parent ' room where we see he pick up a copy of " screen romances '' and slip '' Boy 's life " between the cover . narrator my mother , grab for she copy of ' screen romances 's would find herself cleverly euchere into read a Red Ryder sale pitch . mother ( 0.s. ) ralphie ! Randy ! mo . shot ~-. the hallway camera follows Randy and ralphie down the hallway , . losing Randy and following ralphie to the bathroom door . he barge in and we find the Old man in the final stroke of shave . de look down at ralphie . ralphie cleverly put the '' Boy 's life " behind he back . father whatcha get there ? ralphie ( succinctly ) nothin ' . ( continued ) | i N oo will . - 10 - continued il . narrator ' nothin ' ' -- the classic kid rejoinder of all time . if only the victim of the inquisition have understand the power of that unassailable defense , the world would be very different today . the Old man look back to the mirror to wipe the lather off . he walk from the bathroom . father there you go . the door close . camera follows the Old man as he waik to the dining room table , sit down and unfold he morning paper , immediately go to the sport page . father ( continue ) Son of a bitch . they trade dulbelsky . I do not believe it . camera pan up to find ralphie 's mother come to the table with breakfast . mother what be that ? father for Christ sake . the Sox trade dulbelsky -- the only player they get +~ for shottenhoffer -- a good , solid , one - eichty - seven hitter .. he will make a great White Sox . mother that 's nice . ralphie ! mo . shot = ralphie we see ralphie place a ' Boy 's life ' inside one of he father 's ' field & stream ' magazine . ( continued ) - 1l - 11 . continued . will . camera pan with ralphie from the bathroom to the kitchen . he and . Randy climb up to the table for breakfast . Randy stare at he food . Randy never eat . | 1 narrator : my fevere brain seethed with | the effort of try to come | 1 up with the infinitely subtle device necessary to implant ! | the Red Ryder range model air | rifle indelibly into my parent 's ' ) consciousness without they be aware that I have plant } | it there . | j ralphie | ( abruptly ) | flick say he see some grizzly | bear near pulaski 's candy store the other day . there be a sudden silence . narrator | my parent look at I as if I '' } have lobster crawl out of my | ear . I could tell I be in imminent danger of overplay | my hand . casually , I switch tactic . | ) ralphie I will bet you will never guess ) : what I get you for Christmas , dad . father hmmm ... let 's see . be it a new furnace ? narrator my father be one of the most fear furnace fighter in Northern Indiana . people in Northern Indiana fight winter tooth and claw , bodily , and there be never a let-up . that 's why my little brother knock ever he milk . Indiana wit be pungent and to the point . ( continued ) will . '' continued -12 - mother hurry up , time for school . father yeah , I be run late already . camera hold on ralphie and he mother as she clear the table and he begin to pull on he galoshes . narrator round one be over . Parents l , kid 0 . I could feel the Christmas . noose beginning to tighten . maybe what happen next be inevitable . my mother , innocuously scour a use oatmeal pot , suddenly ask out of the blue . mother what would you like for Christmas ? narrator horrify , I hear myself blurt it out . ralphie a official Red Ryder carbine action two -hundre shot range model air rifle ! narrator I be dead . even before she open she mouth , I know what be come . mother oh no . you will shoot you eye out . narrator it be the classic mother bb gun bleck . that deadly phrase , many time before by hundred of mother be not surmountable by any mean know to kid-dom . I have really hoote it . ( continued ) 11 . oo will . - 13 - continued . narrator ( cont ) but such be my mania , my desire for a Red Ryder carbine that I immediately begin to rebuild the dike . ralphie heh heh ... I be just kid . even though flick be get one . I guess ... I guess , uh , I would like a ... some lincoln log . narrator I could not : believe my own ear . lincoln log -- she would never buy it . mother they be dangerous . I do not want anybody shoot he eye out . narrator the boom have be lower and I be under it . we hear the sound of the Old man be chase by a pack of hound . the Old man curse as he fight they off . father ( 0.s. ) getout of here , you dumb bugger ! we hear a loud yelp . he have obviously get in at least one good kick . father ( continue ; enter ) goddamn old be froze up again ! camera follows he as he march to the sink , grab a large pan and fill it with water and deposit it on the stove , flick on the gas . narrator some man be baptist ; some be methodist ... ( continued ) will . will . - 14 - continued . il . narrator ( cont ) ... other Catholic or Jews . my father be a oldsmobile man . father Christ , that sonefabitch would freeze up on the equator ! mother ( no reproach in she voice ) Little pitcher ... father ummph ! just at that moment we hear a soft little puff of a explosion . the Old man 's ear perk up . father ( continue ) wait ! he cock he head to one side like a manic roadrunner . '' the SOUND come again . a soft puff of blue smoke billow from the furnace grate . father ( continue ; at the top of he voice draw out like a bugle charge ) sonofabitch clinker !! narrator it be the Indiana war cry and he be off down the basement step , knock over Ball jar and kick roller skate out of the way , ballow . father the son of a bitch have go out again ! the goddamn clanky son of a bitch ! ( continued ) - 15 - will . continued we hear the horrendous SOUND of the Old man tumble down the stair and hit bottom . : mother ( to Ralph and Randy ) all right , you two , out the door in three minute . narrator my mother plan this tactical retreat whenever my father be about to go into combat with the iron dragon in the basement . in the heat of battle , my father wove a tapestry of obscenity that , as far as we know , be still hang in the space over Lake Michigan . the sound that come hurtle out of that basement would cause such loss of face to the producer of a japanese monster movie that he would be force to impale himself post-haste on the nearest ceremonial sword . roar , clanks , snort , rattle , mumble , groans , scream ! meanwhile Randy and ralphie start to put on they overclothe . father ( 0.s. ) for chrissake , open up the damper , will you ? how the hell do it get turn all the way down again ? God dammit ! mother fly to the kitchen and pull the chain mark " draft . " camera pan back to the cellar door and hold . all be silent for a few second ; then suddenly a great roar and the SOUND of footstep pound up the step . the door fly open and the Old man emerge from a cloud of blue smcke like mephistophele appear - ing before faust . father ( continue ) for chrissake , stupid , I say the goddddamn damper ! he turn and disappear into the blue cloud , yell . ( continued ) 7 will . ~16 - continued father ( continue ) call the goddamn office . tell ‘em I be gonna be late . God damnit ! we hear the inevitable crash as the Old man hit bottom again . mother push the basement door close and turn to the kid . the Old man toil on in the stygian darkness below the house . camera follows mother as she move to help Randy with he clothes . narrator ' prepare to go to school be like get ready for extend deep - sea diving ; long john , corduroy knicker , checker flannel lumberjack shirt , four sweater , fleece - line leatherette sheepskin , helmet , goggle , mitten with leatherette gauntlet and a large red star with a indian chief 's face in the middle . mother have Randy practically on he head try to stuff he into he snowsuit . finally she get he in and stand he up . he stand with both hand extend from he side like a tiny scarecrow . mother begin to wrap a enormous scarf around he neck . we hear a faint whimper come from inside Randy 's suit . the sound be totally muffle . Randy stand forlornly with he arm stick straight out like a abandon semaphor . randy . um! um! um! uhbum ! he mumble . fiercely . mother what do you say ? randy ump ! um um ump ! he be quite desperate by now . ralphie aw , ma , we will be late . ( continued ) il . will . - 17 - continued will . mother just wait , Ralph . randy ummmp ! . ump um_um ! she begin the long , painful task of unwind the scarf . Randy be quite frantic . finally she get the scarf off , and part the hood , expose Randy 's face . we hear what he be say . randy ( continue ; tearfully ) I can not put my arm down . mother stand back and appraise the situation . sure enough , Randy can not put he arm down . mother step forward and force Randy 's asm down to he side . as soon as she step away , however , they spring back . Randy whimper . mother step forward and try again . up they spring again . mother you will put you arm down when you get to school . narrator in Indiana , sometimes solution be very practical . she proceed to rewind Randy against he furious protest . narrator ( continue ) there be no question of stay home . cold be something that be accept , like air , cloud and parent , a fact of nature , and as such could not be use in any fraudulent scheme to stay out of school . my mother would simply throw she shoulder against the front door , push back the advance drift and stone ice . we see just what the narrator be describe . ( continued ) '' 4 n. il . 12 . -18 - continued will . narrator ( continue ) - 's the wind rake the live room rug with angry fury for a instant > and . we would be launch ... one after the other , my brother and I like astronaut into unfriendly space . CUT to : 12 . ext . parker house - day outside the door . we see Randy and ralphie lean into - the fierce wind . the door clang shut . narrator the door clange shut behind we and that be it -- it be make school or die . cur to : long shot of ralphie' block . we.see ralphie ' 's house , black , smoke billow from the draft . the Old man 's tilt with the windmill goes.on . we see ralphie and the hapless stiff - armed Randy come up they walkway to the street . camera take in the whole bleck and we see the other kid on they way . narrator scatter out over the icy waste around we could be see other tiny , befurr jot of wind - drive humanity , all . painfully toil toward the Warren G. harding school mile away over the tundra . all of we be bound for geography lesson involve the export of Peru ; read lesson deal with fat cat and dog name " Spot . ' curt to : ( continued ) 12 . 13 . - 19 - continued 12 . closer shot ralphie see he friend flick and run . toward he . Randy struggle after , the perpetual kid brother . / ralphie hey , flick , wait up ! wait up ! ralphie run up to flick and they begin that inexpliciable ritual common to schoolboy everywhere , trading punch on the arm . first one , then the other , until it obviously hurt like hell . it be all roote , no doubt , in some dim territorial imperative stretch back over the century . ralphie ( continue ) whatcha do ? flick . what do it look like I be do , pickin ' goober ? narrator flick be cool , even then . 13 . ext . schwartz's house - day just at this moment they pass schwartz 's house . schwartz plow down the driveway toward they . the arm ritual be repeat between ralphie and schwartz . the peck order be important in kid ritual and apparentiy there be order and reason behind it , indecipherable to adult , but apparently sufficient to kid . schwartz ( to flick ) hey listen , smart ass , I ask my o1 ' man about stick you tongue to metal light pole in winter , and he say it will freeze right to the pole . just like I tell you . flick ah , baloney ! what would you ol ' man know about anything ? ( continued ) '' o 13 . continued schwartz and ~20 - 13 . schwartz he know because he once see a guy stick he tongue to a yailroad . track .. on.a bet . and the . Fire Department have to come get the guy 's tongue off the track ' cause he could not get it off . it froze right ' there . ralphie I think he 's right , flick . flick aw , jeez , you guy be real sucker for anything . my brother say that 's a old wife 's tale , and so do my . mother . schwartz yeah ; well , she 's a ol ' wife all right . she oughta know ! ralphie laugh . crazy kid laughter . flick hey , watch it , jerk -head . do not talk about my mat narrator any reference to one 's mother be like throw . down the gauntlet , no matter how vague or remote the slight . just the mere mention of one 's mother with any adjective in the dictionary , no matter how innocuous , be grounds for instant and ruinous vendetta . ralphie aw , he do not mean nothin ' , flick flick bristle . the ceremony be play out . schwartz yeah , you know I would not say nothin ' against you mother , flick . I be just kid . . flick yeah , well , just watch it . -21 - C ) 14 . ext . - alleyway — day 14 . they continue turn the corner down a alleyway . narrator that simple phrase , ' yeah , well ' just watch it .'. if only it have be understand and deploy by statesman through the age untold mayhem and carnage could have be avert . imagine Chamberlain stand up at the end of the munich Conference and glaring down at Hitler with steely eye and mutter ' yeah , well , just watch it ! ' do you think there would have . be any invasion of Poland , .or Czechoslovakia or Austria ? or any World War two ? not on ) you blue-stripe garter . somehow all this be resolve in more arm punch . they start off . toward school . flick yeah , well , you Old man be co pull you leg and you be too dumb to know . it . all right , I dare you to try '' schwartz | ie flick yeah . i schwartz yeah flick _ say who ? schwartz say I . flick oh yeah ? ss ( continued ) 14 . -22- continued 14 . narrator the exact exchange and nuance of phrase in this ritual be very important . one misplace ' oh yeah ' or ' say who ' could immediately destroy one 's credibility , demolish one 's argument , and subject the luckless offender to immediate and prolong ostracism . schwartz I double dare ya . flick oh ... ralphie ( jump in ) wait a minute ! camera move in slowly on the group as they acknowledge something 0.s. a slow , ominous chord of music begin to creep up , not unlike the theme music from jaw . it grow during this sequence . camera pan from one face to another as they peer , fear-struck . cuT to : there Pov ~ closeup - a wooden slatted . fence we can . just see enough through the board to vaguely sense a figure move on its other side . the music ooze up ominously . camera pan the fence as the figure glide by . CUT back to : the three hapless one three quick cut . - there face as they watch like mesmerize mouse . CUT back to : ( continued ) 14 . 15 . -23 - continued 14 . the fence the ominous presence glide on . camera tilt down slow - ly to a break in the fence . we see a pair of brogan foot stop . the ominous music swell to a crescendo . the foot stand there plant , menacingly . curt to : our three little mice as they tremble , wide - eye . CUT back to : the fence the foot in the brogan stand for one more moment , then move off arrogantly . camera tilt up . to see the figure disappear behind the fence . we hear a nasty , evil laugh tailing off in the wind . CUT back to : the boy relief flood they face . ralphie whew ! that be close . schwartz let 's get cut of here ! they bolt across the road toward school . T. , grade school . - no shot - warren G. rding . grade be . school -_ da snow cover the ground . Ice sheet cover the. hasket - ball court . we hear a bell ring . kid scurry . a 16 . -24 - int . school - closeup - group of kide ~ day 16 . they huddle together conspiratorially , obviously pass - ing something around . curt to : miss shield a fourth grade teacher in the classic mold . she move to she desk . the kid hurry to they desk . miss shield good morning , class . we hear the class answer in unison , but they sound funny , like a comic take - off on a japanese kamikaze pilot . miss shield look puzzle for a brief moment , then : slowly she hold she hand out , palm up , with ~ study , professional patience . camera pan from miss shield to the class . long shot - the CLASS every kid in the class be wear a set of . wax tooth . we see they all grin and giggle at she . they look like 25 dement beaver . CUT back to : miss shield she wiggle she palm with subtle meaning . cur Te : the kide qne by one they file past , hand in they wax tooth . ( continued ) pe ee eee eee eee 17 . =25 - continued * 16. closeup - miss shield ' hand the wax tooth be hand over one by one . finally camera follows one. hand down as she deposit the tooth in a huge drawer , the Friday drawer , contain a in - credible collection of kid effluvia ; yo - yo 's , rubber nose , pea shooter , slingshot , plastic lensless eye~ glass with false nose . attach , fake mustaches , plastic water pistol shape like luger , jaw - breaker both use and unused , string , a scout knife , a small hard black rubber ball , card with picture of base - ball player , three or four small wax bottle fill with a verminous green liquid , bottle cap , a top , ~ five or six lurid comic book and other treasure of kid-hood . closeup = miss : shield she be calm , impassive . miss shield all right , class , open you reader to page thirty - two . as you remember , silas marner be ... camera pull back to reveal class , head bent with exaggerated studiousness , open they reader . ext . school ground ~ long shot - the kide - day 17 . recess . in the drift dirty snow , kid stand in little clot . Skies be darker than in . the earlier scene . we sense a blizzard.on the way .. the steady banging of a lan - yard on the flagpole in the cold north wind provide a sinister ringing tempo to the scene . camera pan down the pole to pick up the kid . the conversation . from the morning continue . schwartz alright , I dare ya again . flick oh yeah ? ( continued ) -26 - 17 . continued schwartz I double dare ya . flick oh yeah ? schwartz I double dog dare ya . a audible gasp from the other kid . narrator now it be serious . a double dog dare . what else be leave but a triple dare - you and finally the. coup de grace of all dare , the sinister triple dog-dare ? schwartz create a slight breach of etiquette by skip the triple dare and go right for the throat . schwartz I triple dog dare ya ! flick flinch . each of the kide in turn they watch the great showdown . narrator flick 's spine stiffen . his lip curl in a defiant sneer . there be no go back now . closeup - the pole closeup - schwartz triumphant . closeup ~ ralphie wonderment . cur to : ( continued ) — 's -27 - continued : 17. closeup ~- flick he stand a few inch from the pole , stare it down . he turn and give the guy one last bravado look . closeup - schwartz he smirk , but a little less confidently . | closeup ~- flick flick ah , this be dumb ! he laugh a bravado little laugh , turn , and with utter ' disdain thrust he tongue to full . extension and plunge it forward onto the flagpole . it stick , freeze solid as a popsicle . flick mumble in panic and try to pull free . he do not try this for long . it smart . closeup - schwartz his smirk turn to astonishment . schwartz jeez ! it really work ! ralphie stand there open-mouthed . closeup ~ the other kide fhey stare , dumbfounded . flick grunt a inchoate cry for help . schwartz and ralphie , now vaguely aware of impending official doom , back off . suddenly the bell ring . ralphie and schwartz look at the school and then back to flick . the bell ring like a shriek out of hell . that 's it . ralphie and schwartz be off like a shot . ( continued ) CO 17 . 18 . | -28 - continued 17 . narrator in Indiana , when the school bell ring , you go . neither sleet nor snow nor freeze tongue stay you headlong flight to you desk . flick 's predicament be no exception . and as the wind rise and the lanyard bang with a steady drum beat , the playground be emptied except for a tiny huddle figure freeze to the flagpole . int . classroom - closeup - ralphie and schwartz - day 18 . slide into they desk and play dumb . over they shoulder , away across the schoolyard , we see the hapless flick . ralphie and schwartz collectively wince . we now have a empty seat halfway in the back row . miss shield ' radar begin to warm up . she know something be wrong . miss shield where be flick ? conspicuous silence . miss shield ( continue ) do anyone see flick at . recess ? conspiratorial silence . miss shield ( continue ) well ? finally one little girl beckon to miss shield . miss shield ( continue ) yes , esther Jane ? the little girl point hurriedly to the playground . miss shield ( continue ) what be that ? ( continued ) 18. 19 . 20 . - 29 — continued : 18 . the little girl point again . miss shield look out .at the playground . she see the figure . she walk to the window , look closer . miss shield ( continue ) qh _my God ! at this point , twenty - two child stampede toward the window , gawk out . only two innocent remain unin- terested . ralphie and schwartz sit unconcernedly look nonchalantly up at the ceiling . you. could never tell they be involved . miss shield fly from the room . CUT to : int , / ext . schoolroom and yard - long shot - day 19 . looking past the kid out to the playground . ambu - lance and two fire engine be just remove flick from the pole . we hear the steady keen of siren . ralphie and schwartz turn and look at one another with doom in they face . curt to : int . classroom - closeup - flick = day 20 . with bandage tongue be lead back into the classroom . he do not say a word , look straight ahead as he move to he . seat and sit down . but miss shield look directly . at ralphie and schwartz . have flick squeale ? miss shield I know some of you put flick up to this , but flick refuse to say who . but that who do it know they blame , and I know the guilt . you feel at cause this pain will be worse than any punishment you might receive . ( continued ) 20 . -30 - continued ralphie and schwartz give each other a look which say everything . narrator adult love to say thing like that . but kid know better . we know darn well it be always better not to get catch . camera move into a closeup of flick and he wounded tongue . schwartz and ralphie stare stonily at miss shield , betray absolutely no emotion . there be not a hint of they guilt . miss shield not only do you suggest this awful thing , but even worse , you leave he - there all alone in the cold . now do not you feel terrible ? do not you feel remorse for what you have do ? she pause dramatically and subject the entire room to she x- ray eye . miss shield ( continue ) now , that be all I be go to say about poor little flick . open you notebook , boy and girl . I be go to give you a assignment . a low , sullen mumble roll through the classroom . miss shield ( continue ) i. want all of you to write a theme ... narrator a theme ! a rotten theme before Christmas ! there must be kid somewhere who love write theme , but to a normal , air-breath human kid , write theme be a torture that rank only with the dread medieval chin-breaker of inquisitional fame . a theme ! ( continued ) 20 . 21. -31 - continued . * 20 . miss shield -q-entitle ' what I want for. Christmas . ' narrator the cloud lift . I see a faint gleam of light at the other end of the black cave of gloom . here be a theme on a subject that need talk about if ever one do ! already , a masterpiece be unfold in my mind . miss shield I want you to be particularly careful about margin . . you will hand in you theme tomorrow , and I do not want to hear excuse . now open you spelling book to page twenty~one . dissolve to : ext , another alley - day 21 . ralphie , schwartz . and the wounded warrior flick huddle together for warmth amid the gray craggy snowbank . in the howling gale , the telephone wire whistle like banshee . schwartz Boy , do you see how it stick ? ralphie do it hurt , flick ? flick naw ; . I neber fold a think . it jus ' caugh I off guard . schwartz Boy , you sure be bawling . flick ( bristle ) I never bawl ! schwartz aw , baloney . ralphie ( ever alert ) wait ! ( continued ) ep ee ~ , con , ralphie sense something . he stop and look in - * ~32 - : r-21/12/82 continued 21 * the direction of the fence . ralphie run ! it 's dilliit but it be too late . a face appear suddenly in the gap between two board .. it be a malevolent face . it be the face of meanness personify . it be the dread grover dill . the music shudder appropriately . : narrator grover dill ! what a rotten name . we be trap . there . he stand between we and the alley , grover dill stare out at we with he yellow eye . he have yellow eye . so help I God , yellow eye ! his cap slunk lew over he non-existent brow , rest on he ear , which flare out like toadstool . his lip curl over he green tooth in a semblance of speech . dill hey ! fat mess ! narrator I turn in a blind primal panic and start for the fence at the end of the alley . no hope . there , curling up like a venomous cheshire cat , be dili 's fierce little toady scut farkas . we have have it . the line be clearly draw . you be either a bully , a toady , or one of the nameless rabble of victim who hide behind hedge , continually run up alley and . duck under porch . ( more ) ( continued ) ' ( ) a - 33 - | «r+21/12/82 continued narrator ( continue ) for some reason , dill look past I to schwartz . dill hey you , come here . schwartz s+ I ? dill Nah , you aunt tilly ! ya , you . get over here . obediently , hopelessly , much in the manner of a hypnotize bird approach a snake , schwartz go to dill . dill methodically take schwartz 's arm and twist it . schwartz aw , gee , dill , cut it out ! dill say ' uncle ' . schwartz uncle ! uncle ! uncle ! dill ( sing -song ) Cry baby , cry . narrator dill be a run - nose type of bully . his nose be always run , even when it be not . I do not know one kid who be not afraid . of dill , because dill be truly aggressive . this kind of aggression later in life be often call talent or drive , but to the great formless herd of kid , it just mean a lot ef run , get belt , and continually be ashamed . ( continued ) 21 .* crea essere SE CO d -33a - r-21/12/82 continued 21 .* ' dill finally have twisted schwartz down to he knee . he give a shove and schwartz sprawl in the alley . dill alright , who 's next ? he laugh malevolently and then make a mock frankenstein lunge at they .. dill ( continue ) ahhhhhaggghhhhhh ! the boy bolt like jack rabbit . dill let they go . scut farkas ooze . down off the fence and join dill . they laugh after the flee victim . — dill ( continue ) : you better run , you jerk . medium shot Ralph run . dill in b.g. narrator I be a accomplish alley runner who do not wear sneaker to school from choice , but to get off the mark quick . I be : well - qualified to endorse ked Champion sneaker with : tal cy uld make a great ad in boy liza . many of we have grow up wear mental ked and still ducking behind filing cabinet , water cooler , and into convenient man 's room when that cold sweat trickle down between the shoulderblade . my moment of Truth be grover dill ! but for now , I breathe easier . -34 - r-21/12/82 22 . int . ralph's house > day : 22 . ralphie head up the stair . mother would you like a glass of milk ? . ralphie | ( fly up the . ( stair two at a time ) no . I gotta do my homework ! mother ( instantly ) Ralph ! stop right there . she move up the stair and place she hand on Ralph 's brow . no fever ! she look at he in puzzlement . ralphie ma . I gotta do my homework . he dash up the stair . camera hold on mother . mother na go ' 1l come of this . 23 . int .. ralph's room = day 23. Ralph race to he desk , scatter book and papers . he sit down , take out pen and begin write swiftly and frantically in he indian head notebook . we look over he shoulder as he write . : ( continued ) cc '' 23. 24 . -35 - continued 23 . narrator . rarely have the word pour from my penny pencil with such feverish fluidity . ; I remember to . this day its ! glorious winge phrase . and consise imagery . ; ralphie' voice what I want for Christmas be a Red Ryder bb gun with a compass in the stock and this thing that tell time . I think everybody should have a Red Ryder bb gun . they be very good for Christmas . I do not think a football be a ! very good Christmas present . narrator I be very careful about margin . I know that when miss shield | read my magnificent , eloquent theme that she would sympathize ' with my plight and make a '' appeal on my behalf to the power that be and everything would work out . somehow . ! Ralph complete he work , read over he Magnum Opus . as he read , we hear swell in the background , the magnificent melodic line of mozart 's andante ( " elvira madigan " music ) . finally Ralph , with a sign of satis - faction , slap he notebook close . he lean back in he chair . his fantasy sweep over he . camera move in to he face . again we.see Ralph 's thought project . ext . house , ~ day 24 . miss shield be come - up the front walk , but this be a different miss shield than the rather nondescript and mousy teacher . she now stride up the front walk with great presence , dignity and authority . she ring the bell . door be open by mother , who draw back in surprise . ( continued ) 24 . 25 . -36 - continued 24 . miss shield . Mrs. parker , I be not here on a social call . I be here as '' part of my duty as a teacher . int . house - BAY 25 . mother usher miss shield into the house , listen respectfully as miss shield , now seat on sofa , speak . miss shield ( continue ) I understand you have express doubt about Ralph , you extraordinary son , as to whether or not he should be the owner of a Red Ryder bb gun . he have convinced I beyond a doubt through he magnificent and eloquent theme that it be absolutely necessary that Ralph be give a Red Ryder bb gun , for the protection of you family . ordinarily , I would not make such a recommendation , but in the case of Ralph , I feel certain that he will use he Red Ryder bb gun with he customary skill and responsibility . if you have any question about what I have just say , please write they in a theme of one hundred word or less for Ralph to deliver to I at school . I will grade it and return it by next Friday . mother thank you , miss shield , we will follow you instruction to the letter . we be so fortunate in have Ralph as we son ! miss shield I be certainly glad that you realize how lucky you be . ( continued ) meee eenenarneen th rem 25 . 26 . -37 - continued 25 . miss shield ( cont ) Ralph be a magnificent boy , and he need a Red Ryder bb gun , especially now that wild bear have be report in the vicinity of pulaski 's candy store . mother thanks miss shield fervently . Father , in the background , nod in solemn approval and agreement that they be indeed fortunate to be the parent of the truly great human be -- Ralph . dissolve to : ralphie be lose in he reverie . he smile vacantly , ashe get up and wander aimlessly across the room and flop down on he bed amid a pile of comic book . he stare at . the ceiling . narrator Captain ahab and he crazy thing about that white whale have nothing on I . I want that bb gun so bad it be make my stomach hurt . Ralph groan . ralph ohhh ... he flop over on he stomach and fling one of he comic book . at the wall next to he . he stare at it blankly . its lurid cover read : further adventure of flash gordon on the planet mongo . the cover show a scene of flash Gordon , he golden hair gleam , face he evil arch - enemy ming the merciless . Ralph stare at the cover blankly for a few moment . exd . planet mongo : 26 . fhe scene dissolves and we be in what appear to be the futuristic , dank atmosphere of a alien planet . ming the merciless fill the screen . he appear to be - eighteen foot tall , dress in jade~green robe with sinister gold cabalistic symbol flash in the un - natural light , he eye glitter with evil , he fu manchu mustache add to the horror , he yell parchment skin ageless . {continued ) 26 . -38 - continued ming - | at last , flash Gordon , I have you at my mercy . he cackle with fiendish laughter . camera pull . back and we see , flash tie with . huge rope . hand and foot to a strangely sinister tree trunk 's that appear to have snakeskin instead of bark . ming snap he golden bullwhip in the air viciously . behind he we see the woven basket of a curiously futuristic balloon . the balloon have sulphurous lidd cat 's eye paint on it . ming there be no hope for you , flash Gordon . I will now proceed to destroy the planet Earth with my turbo- xenon Space balloon , with its deadly Z - gamma Ray . flash ming , we earthling will live forever . you ... ming snap he whip imperiously . ming in moment , that cobra Tree will ‘awaken and devour you . there be a quick cut and we see , in the dank jungle undergrowth , Ralph 's eye peer out at this awful pageant . his eye be wide with wonder , yet there be a air of grim determination about he . flash if my faithful companion Ralph be ... his voice be cut off by the high , scream laughter of ming . ming enough , stupid earthling ! it be time now to destroy you foolish planet ( continued ) 26 . 26 . -39 - continued 26 . he leap into the balloon , which begin to rise , he laughter echoing maniacally and fill the SOUND track . Ralph leap to he foot and lurch out of the undergrowth . he be carry he Red Ryder range - model bb gun . the balloon have ascend high overhead . flash gordon ( he face register astonished relief ) Ralph ! you be alive ! you escape the Space crocodile ! ralph ( grim and determine ) yes , flash . now it 's time to act ! | Ralph stand heroically and raise he bb gun . it glow magically . he sight along its barrel . in the distance we see ming 's evil balicon high in the yellow sky of the planet mongo . the maniacal cackling | of ming be hear as he shriek . , ming death to Earth ! death to Earth ! Ralph pull the trigger of he Red Ryder bb gun . ralph ( hiss through he tooth ) take that , ming the merciless . a projectile streak upward . we hear ming 's scream shriek . ming oh no , no ! his baloon make a obscene farting noise , careen off crazily , grow smaller and smaller by the instant . flash ( he voice quivering with reverent emotion ) it 's the end of ming the merciless . you have do it , Ralph . ' you have save all earthling . you have save we planet . {continued ) pe 26 . 27 . continued 26 . ralph ( smile modestly ) it be nothing , flash . after all , I have my trusty Red Ryder range - model bb gun , and nothing can stand up to this baby . , flash ( tear of joy stream down he cheek ) ralphie , all earthling will be forever in you debt . ralph ( modestly ) I know . here , I will untie you . flash you know , Ralph , sometimes I would like to meet that Red Ryder . he and I be in the same business , fight evil everywhere and stand for Truth and justice . ralphie in reality . he smile in triumph . suddenly , ralphie hear a veluminous racket . he run to the window and look out . we see : ext . house ~ dusk 27 . the Old man be drive the old up the driveway . he be pursue by at least a dozen flop - ear hound dog , barking , yapping , howling and leaping . narrator the Taylors , a quiet family who have live next door to we for year , have move out and without warning the bumpuse . have flood in . in a instant , the entire neighborhood change . there be thousand of bumpuse , and they all move in . {continued ) -41 - 27 . continued 27 . sa . narrator ( cont ) overnight what have be a nondescript bungalow , become a batter hinge - sprung sagging hillbilly shack . ralphie' Pov - long shot - the bumpus house the house be surround by a thick swamp of junk : old truck tire , rusty pitchfork , bust chicken crate , a old bathtub , at least 57 ancient bedspring , eight er nine horse collar , chicken wire , baling wire , barb wire , corncob , a irone board and a lot of big tall water boiler with pipe stick out . the Old man be try to get out of the car . narrator and then there be the dog , they have at least seven hundred and forty - five dog ! now we neighborhood have always have dog walk around , ordinary dog with name like Zero or Prince , the bumpus hound , on the other hand , be just a great churn mass of tail and tongue and flea-bitten body . you could almost see the smell -- : and they love my father . they ignore every other human be on earth but my qld man . every time he set foot outside the whole tidal wave of heaving flank and i bloodshot eye would descend on he . the trouble be that half of they be try to lick he face and the other half be try to take off he leg . ) the Old man be fight for he life , and scream : at the top of he lung . we can not quite make out what he 's say , but it sound like : father it win ! I wont ! ( continued ) 27 . 28. continued 27 . 's he 's kick at the dog and back up , hold some - thing aloft . int . - house - night ... 28 . ralphie turn and dash downstairs . narrator the depression day be the golden age of the newspaper contest and the Old man be a giant jackpot puzzle contest junkie . there be a endless parade of ' name the president , ' ' mystery Movie star , ' ' famous figure in History , ' and ' how many mistake be in this picture , ' all offer fifty thousand dollar giant jackpot . for the cost of a two=cent newspaper , countless million struggle nightly to hit the jackpot . every evening the Chicago american be spread out on 's the dining room table . paste pot handy , scissors and ruler , pen and ink at the ready , the Old man clipped and glue , struggle and guess -- and now the payoff have come ! ralphie arrive downstairs as the Old man lunge through the front door , close it on the ear of one of the most insistent of the snarling pack . the dog howl in the background as the Old man leap about the live room wave a telegram over he head . father I win ! I win ! I win ! mother what ! what ! what be it ? father a major prize . a major prize . iwon ! TI win ! look ! he hand mother the telegram . the kid crowd around . we see the telegram . it read : ( continued ) cs ee fy 28. -43 - continued 28 . insert - telegram congratulation . you have win a major award in we fifty thousand dollar " great heroes from the World of Sports " contest . it will arrive by special messenger deliver to you address . you be a winner . congratulation ! back to scene the Old man be now dance a jig around the room . the kid be whooping , the dog , whose ear be in the door , be howling . father tonight , it 's come tonight . tonight ! tonight ! tonight ! hot dam , tonight ! . mother what do you mean ? father tonight ! it 's come tonight . I call Ernie mcclosky down at the freight office . it 's there ! he 's gonna send it out tonight . the telegram be late , the prize be already there . the old man continue he jig . father ( continue ) tonight ! tonight ! tonight ! he dance over to the door and release the poor dog 's ear . he stick he leg out the front door and hold it there comically . father ( continue ) tonight ! tonight ! take a bite , boy , take a bite . it 's on I . I do not care . go ahead ! ( continued ) ee eee re lo 28. 29 . -44 - continued 28 . we hear a dog yelp . the Old man pull the leg in quickly . and slam the door . he clap he hand to - gether , suddenly serious . father ( continue ) it will probably be one of they Spanish adobe house in coral gable , Florida . that 's one of they , big item . or it could be a bowl alley . guy down in Terre haute win a bowl alley . mother but how could they deliver a bowl alley tonight . the Old man be stump for a minute . father well , they could deliver the deed , for chrissake . I mean , I do not think they be gonna deliver the damned bowl alley . he laugh . nothing be go to spoil he expansiveness . father ( continue ) well , it will be a while ! let 's eat ! I be starve . gettin ' rich be hard work . camera dwell on ralphie and Randy 's awestruck face . int . kitchen = night 29 . Ralph and Randy sit at table , mother scurries from stove to table , back tc stove . Father read the Chicago tribune sport page . Randy sit with he foot twine around the leg of he chair , poke listlessly at he food . he begin to plow the sur - face of he mashed potato with a fork . the old man glance at he watch impatiently from time to time . mother ( automatically ) Randy , eat you food , do not play with it . ( continued ) -45 - 29 . continued 29 . randy ( whining ) aww ...gee ... awwwww . narrator every family have a kid who wo not eat . in we case , it be my brother . mother starve people would be glad to have that . now , you eat . randy awww ... + 's Randy begin to shape mashed potato into the configuration of a football . father ( absently , through a mouthful of meatloaf ) do what you mother tell you . pass the red cabbage , huh ? randy awwww . eae father I be gonna give you something to cry about in one minute if you do not quit play with you food . now you stop fool around and eat that , or you be gonna be sorry ! mother serve Father red cabbage and remove pan to stove , return to take she seat . ralphie ( just as mother sit ) where 's the red cabbage ? I do not get any . ( continued ) ) bssessosrn 29 . -46 - continued patiently , mother rise and go to stove . narrator you could see that my mother have not have a hot meal in about fifteen year . randy ( in a whining sing - song ) meatloaf , smeetloaf , double beetloaf .... Randy fidget , stir milk with finger , push food from one side of plate to the other , now arrange red cabbage in a artistic circle around he cold , congeal slice of meatloaf . father knock it off . eat . narrator every meal go the same way . once in a while , my father would blow he stack . ' dammit , 's he would yell , ' I will make the damn kid eat ! where 's my screwdriver ? where 's the plumber 's helper ? ' he would just pry he mouth open and stuff it in . mother eat hurriedly , pause to wipe up Randy 's spill milk with she paper napkin . narrator ( continue ) my mother , though , be more subtle . mother look at Randy . her face light up with a idea . mother Randy ? how do the little piggy go ? ( continued ) 29 . '' 29 . -47 - continued : randy ( tentatively ) oink ? narrator my brother be deep in he Three Little Pigs bag .. he have a little Golden Book , and it be he favorite heavy read material . mother that 's right . oink oink . Nice little piggy . how do the piggy eat ? there 's you trough . show I how the piggy eat . Randy wait for more coax . mother ( continue ) be a good boy . show we how the piggy eat . suddenly , Randy bend forward , shove face into plate , begin to gobble food frantically , '' oink " all the while . mother smile as plate be emptied . father ( behind newspaper ) - Jesus . his tone be one of total disgust . mother ( beam ) Nice piggy , good little piggy . scene end with Randy smile and oink over he clean plate , he face look like a half - finish mount rushmore . . suddenly , the doorbell ring . the family freeze . after a long pause the Old man in a hushed whisper : father it 's here . ( continued ) 29 . 30 . -48 - continued 29 . they sit unable to move : the bell ring incessantly . narrator what be here ? fifty thousand : dollar ? Fame ? a trip to the t moon ? the end of the rainbow ? > as one , they all . dash to the front door . int . / ext . the house ~ night | . 30 . the door be flung open , a man stand in the doorway , look down at a bill of . lading . freight man Frank parker ? father yeah . freight man sign here . the Old man grab the pad and scribbles frantically . freight man ( continue ) okay , haul it in ! the family stand open-mouthed as two burly mover carry in a waist high cardboard carton . not a word be say as mother direct they to the kitchen where the box be deposit gently on the kitchen floor . as the man depart a air of forebode surround the mysterious object . then the Old man dive in . narrator the Old man , he face flushed with excitement , fumble in supercharged haste to lay bare he hard win symbol of victory . ( continued ) ee 30 . continued a billow mushroom cloud of excelsior explode into the air . the Old man literally plunge into the. carton disappear for a long moment . hold aloft the prize . narrator ( continue ) before we , in the heavy , fragrant , cabbage - scent kitchen stand a life-size lady 's leg -- in true blush pink flesh tone and wear a modish black patent leather pump with spike heel . when I say life-size I be refer to a rather large lady who obviously have dine well and mature nicely . for a instant we think that we have receive in the mail the work of a artist of the type that be very active at that period -~ the trunk _ murderer . we stand silent and in awe at the sheer shimmer unexpected beauty of the ' Major Award . 's mother be the first to recover . . mother what be it ? father ( incisively ) a -~ leg ! there be a long pause . mother but ... what be it ? father ( a edge to he voice ) well it 's a leg =~ like a statue . ( continued ) he emerge ~ cy 30 . continued - 50 - 30 , mother a statue ? narrator we family have never own a statue . a statue be always . consider to be a lady wear . a wreath and concrete robe , hold a torch in one hand . and a book in the other . father yeah , a statue ! ralphie & randy whoopee a statue ! we win a statue ! narrator my mother be try to insinuate herself between we and ' the statue 's . mother be not it time for bed ? suddenly the Old man stand up like he 's receive a electric shock . they all fall silent . silence . father Holy smoke ! father ( continue ) do you know what that . be ? father ( continue ) Holy smoke would you look at that ! I do not believe it . mother what ? ( continued ) 30 . continued 30 . father it 's a lamp ! narrator it be indeed a lamp . a master stroke of lighttolier art . it be without question , the most magnificent lamp that we '. have ever see . father aha , here 's the shade ! in a instant the Old man have screw it atop the fulsome thigh and there it stand , a full four foot high . father ( continue ) my God be not that great . narrator the Old man 's eye boggle behind he harold Lloyd glass . he be almost overcome by art ! father what a great lamp . mother oh I do not know . father what a great lamp ! wow this be exactly what we need for the front window . he sweep up the plastic trophy and rush into the live room . father ( continue ) get the extension cord from the toaster . ( continued ) a a eer en -52 - - 30 . continued 30 . we-see the Old man plunge into a jungle of extension cord and 4 - way plug , wire head in every direction . ralphie rush in . with. the extension cord . the Old . man disappear behind the couch . much heavy breathe and cursing emerge . _ narrator the snap of a few spark , a quick whiff of ozone and the lamp blaze forth in unparalleled glory . from ankle to thigh the translucent flesh radiate a vibrant , sensual , luminous , orange / pinkish nimbus of pagan fire . all it need be tom - ~ tom and maybe a bone or two . the Old man back away in admiration . the leg lamp be ridiculous . but the Old man be in he glory . father hey wait ! I want to see it from the outside . 31 . int / ext ..._ the house and STREET . ~- night 31 . the’ Old man rush out into the darkness , across the porch . the : bumpus. dog be startle and catch off guard . we look out the window over ralphie 's shoulder . a crowd have gather around the Old man . father move it a little to the leave . mother reluctantly comply . father ( continue ) okay ! 32 . ext . house .~ night 32 . the Old man move . further across the road . he pretend to be a casual observer walk down the street . 33. ext . / int . -53 - house - night . 33 . mother and the kid stare out . father that 's get it . you oughta see it , from out here ! narrator the entire neighborhood be turn on . it cculd be see up and down Cleveland Street , the symbol of the Old man 's victory ! my mother be truly on the horn of a dilemma . mother well uh look at the time . be not it nearly time for somebody 's favorite program . narrator she be right . . only one thing in the world could have . drag we away from the soft glow of electric sex gleam in the window . somebody look . after mother . Ralph and randy race across to the radio and snap it on . it hum to life . in the background we see the Old man re~enter the house . narrator ( continue ) every day at 6:45 , when I be a kid , I would drop anything I be do , no matter what it be , and tear like a blue streak through the alley , over fence , under porch , the get home to we crosley Notre Dame Cathedral model radio . radio who 's that little chatterbox ...? the one with curly auburn lock ... who do I see ....? it 's Little orphan Annie . ( continued ) 33. -54 - continued narrator ah , they do not write tune like that any more . there be one particularly brilliant line that deal with Sandy , Little orphan Annie 's airedale side - - kick . who can forget it ? radio arf go Sandy . . narrator Little orphan Annie live in this great place call tompkin corner . there be people call Joe corntassle and uncle . in the background we see mother casually rise , walk over to the window and draw the blind and snap off the leg lamp . Father pretend not.to notice . closeup - ralph as he sit , enrapture , before the radio . narrator she also have this friend name punjab , who whenever she be really in a tight spot would just show up and cut everybody 's head off . I figure that if there be anything a kid of nine need it be somebody name . punjab . especially in we neighborhood . he wear a towel around he head . closeup . ~ ornate front of radio narrator immediately after the nightly adventure , which usually take place near the headwater of the dread orinoco , on would come a guy name Pierre Andre , the definitive radio announcer . ( continued ) 33. 33. -55 - continued : 33. radio ( v.0o ) fellas and gal .. get set for a meeting of the Little orphan Annie secrét Circle ! in the background we see the Old man , he casualness match mother 's . he draw open the drape and stand pretend to stare out at the street . father look like snow ! umph , kinda dark in here . he snap on the lamp . mother pretend to be uncon - cern . radio ( v.o. ) okay , kid . time to get out you secret decoder pin . time for another secret message direct from Little orphan | Annie to member of the Little orphan Annie secret Circle . Ralph slump . narrator . I get no decoder pin . a member of a out Group at the age of nine . and the worst kind of a out ; Group . I live in a non-ovaltine - ~ drink neighborhood . . radio ( v.o. ) all right . set you pin to b- 7 . Seven ... twenty-two ... nineteen ... eight ... forty - nine ... thirteen ... three !... nine twenty-two ... one ... four ... nineteen . narrator Pierre Andre could get more out of just number than Orson Welles be able to squeeze out of King lear . ( continued ) 33 , -56 - continued 33 . we see mother rise and amble toward the window . she stop to pick a new magazine . mother you be right about that snow , I think . brr , it 's chilly . I feel a draft . she snap the drape close . the Old man feign in - difference . narrator the stage be set . this slowly evolve ballet of the lamp be to continue for day gather momentum night : after night . but for the moment , I be oblivious to all but orphan Annie . radio ( v.0o . ) ! fourteen ... nine ... thirty - two . okay , fella and gal , over and out . Ralph show disinterest . the show be over . Ralph also lock vaguely troubled . narrator then -- silence . the show be over and you | hada sinister feel that out there in the darkness all ever the country there be million of kid --. decode . somewhere kid be get the real truth from orphan Annie . the message . and I have no pin . yet ! Three week ago I have corral the necessary ovaltine tin and mail away for my decoder pin . Day after day , eon . after eon , I wait . wait for three week for something to come in the mail to a kid be ( more ) ( continued ) a 33. 34 . -57 - continued narrator ( continue ) like be ask to build the pyramid singlehand , use the # 3 erector set , the one without the motor . anyway , I be skunke for another day . we fade out on the scene as the Old man make yet another move on the drape . fade in : int . classroom -. day Ralph , schwartz , flick , miss shield , extras . Children file past miss shield ' desk ; each carefully place they theme paper on it . Ralph add he to '' the pile with a little flourish of imply victory . narrator I have do it . there could be no doubt that this theme would absolutely overwhelm miss shield . not only be the Red Ryder 200 ~ shot carbine air rifle irrevocably mine , but I begin to envisage that miss shield , in she ecstasy , would excuse I from theme write for the rest of my school day , or at least until high school ... such be the clarity and power of my prose that it seem ridiculous to ask I to demonstrate it further . camera move slowly in to ralphie 's face as he '' begin to fantasize . 33. 34 . ee no 35 . 36 . -58 - r-21/12/82 int . school - miss shield in ralph's fantasy - day 35 . we see miss shield grade papers grumpily . she throw one one down in disgust and scribbles a large " F " on it . she pick up another and give it the same treatment , and another and yet another . she put she hand to she forehead in despair for 'a moment , then she plunge in again . she begin read ralphie 's theme . her face brighten . her mouth fly open . she read on . she utter a exclamation of joy and clasp the theme to she bosom , silent movie style . she begin read again , barely able to contain herself . with every sentence , she exclaim in ecstasy . finally , she can contain herself no more . she leap to she foot , throw the theme into the air , and race to the blackboard . she write ralphie 's name on the board in huge letter and follow this with : , ralphie defer fapeeeaealeea ee eere pepe eee eee a huge " a " ; then she begin write pluss after the a . she write pluss until she run out of board , then continue write they . off the board and around the wall . camera pan off miss shield to ralphie , where we see he stand modestly , acknowledge the thunderous ovation of he ador classmate . we hold on this for a long moment , then ... dissolve back to : ralphie and . reality miss shield do you want something , Ralph ? ralphie ( come to ) what ? oh , no , not now . uh «.. just turn in my theme . ralphie back out of the room grin sheepishly at miss shield . miss shield look after he quizzically . ext , steel mill - day 36 * we be hold on the steel mill for a long moment then suddenly in the foreground we see some figure blur by . it be ralphie , flick and schwartz . the frame be empty for a moment , until grover dill and scut farkas race past in hot pursuit , another empty moment , then Randy come waddling by , arm still stick out like a scarecrow . omit - page 59 , 60 , 61 & 62 .*** * '' 35 . 36 . =-59 - continued 35 . narrator such be the stuff of Red Ryder mania . I take off to catch up with schwartz and flick . now that my own Christmas booty be assure , I could turn my attention to the family gift , and that mean , of course , the ever ~ beckone treasure of woolworth 's . ext . alleyway - day 36 . Ralph , schwartz , flick , Randy , grover dill . we see the boy head down the street . Randy , whining , trail along about fifty yard behind , he galoshes open , wiping he nose on he sleeve . randy wait up ! come on , you guy . awwww ... I be gonna tell ma. wait up ! Ralph and the other ignore he , move in a sort of purposeless ramble , slowly work they way home , kick at can ; schwartz hurl a rock languidly at a telephone pole insulator , not even bother to turn and see if it hit .. obviously , they do this every day . they be pass before a wooden fence . the old familiar music creep up , very faintly . Ralph drag a stick across the picket , make a rasp sound . camera pan down the fence . we see the familiar brogan match ralphie 's stride - for-stride . the boy be oblivious to the menace . such unwariness do not go unpunish in the jungle of boyhood . . camera cut back and forth from the boy to the presence stalking they on the other side of the fence . ( continued ) 36 . -60 - continued they aimless wanderings take they into a alley , at the end of which be a fence they must scale to continue on they way . as they near the cul - de-sac , the music rise . at the last minute , ralphie sense something . he stop . and look in the direction of the fence . ralphie run ! it 's dillit ! but it be too late . a face appear suddenly in the gap between two board . it be a malevolent face . it be the face of meanness personify . it be the dread grover dill . the music shudder appropriately . narrator grover dill ! what a rotten name . we be trap . there he stand between we and the alley , grover dill stare out at we with he yellow eye . he have yellow eye . so help I God , yellow eye ! his cap slunk low over he non- existent brow , rest on he ear , which flare out like toadstool . his lip curl over he green tooth in a. semblance of speech . dill hey ! fat mess ! narrator I turn in a blind primal panic and start for the fence at the end of the alley . no hope . there , curling up like a venomous cheshire cat , be dill 's fierce Little toady scut farkas . we have have it . the line be clearly draw . you be either a bully , a toady , or one of the nameless rabble of victim who hide behind hedge , continually run up alley and duck under porch . ( more ) ( continued ) on 36 . -61 - continued 366 narrator ( continue ) for some reason , dill look past I to schwartz . dill hey you , come here . : schwartz ++ - m me? dill Nah , you aunt tilly ! ya , you . get over here . obediently , hopelessly , much in the manner of a hypnotize bird approach a snake , schwartz go to dill . dill methodically take schwartz 's arm and twist it . schwartz aw , gee , dill , cut it out ! dill say ' uncle '. schwartz uncle ! uncle ! uncle ! dill ( sing~song ) Cry baby , ery . narrator dill be a run - nose type of bully . his nose be always run , even when it be not . I do not know one kid who be not afraid of dill , because dill be truly aggressive . this kind of aggression later in life be often call talent or drive , but to the great formless herd of kid , it just mean a lot of run , get belt , and continually béing ashamed . ( continued ) wc 36 . -62- continued 36 . dill finally have twisted schwartz down to he knee . he give a shove and schwartz sprawl in the alley . dill alright , who 's next ? he laugh malevolently and then make a mock frankenstein lunge at they . dill ( continue ) ahhhhhaggghhhhhh ! the boy bolt like jack rabbit . dill let they go . scut farkas ooze down off the fence and join dill . they laugh after the flee victim . dill ( continue ) you better run , you jerk . medium shot Ralph run . dill in b.g. narrator I be a accomplish alley runner who do not wear sneaker to school from choice , but to get off the mark quick . I be well~ qualified to endorse ked Champion sneaker with : in '' boy life . many of we nave grow up wear mental ked and still ducking behind filing cabinet , water cooler , and into convenient man 's room when that cold sweat trickle down between the shoulderblade . my moment of Truth be grover dill ! but for now , I breathe easier . 37 . 38 . 39 . i ee en not ee no -63 - r-21/12/82. omit - page 59 , 60 , 61 & 62 . * int . hallway of house - family - night 37 ... ' Ralph , Randy and the 01a man stand wait impatiently in the hallway . father ifiwe do not hurry , all the good treé will be go ? mother come racing down the stair . mother I be come , I be come . goodness gracious ! she move to . the window and snap out the leg lamp . mother ( continue ) do not want to waste electricity . ext . house -. night , 38 . the Old man give she a look but let it pass . they all bundle they way out the door and pile into the old . narrator it be one of that rare night in hohman when the air be crisp and clean and so cold that the bumpus dog . would not even come out from under the bumpus garage to chase my old man . and we be off on one of the great adventure of the year <- select the Christmas tree 7 ~ and then a ride around town to see the yuletide splendor . ext . ris = t_ ~- family , christmas tree man > 39 . night mother , Father , Ralph , and Randy walk around a freeze vacant lot , look at Christmas tree . ( continued ) -64 - continued 39 . . narrator buying the Christmas tree be always only after long and soul-search discussion . mother there 's a bare spot on the back . christmas tree man it will fluff out , lady , when it get hot . mother ( doubtfully ) I I do not know ... father be this the kind the needle fall out ? christmas tree man Nah , that 's they balsam . mother oh . the Christmas tree be finally choose . after a great deal of difficulty , it be securely lash to the back of the car , stick out cf the trunk and tie to the '' bumper with length of grimy , knotted rope . ext . - hohman street ~ family - night 40 . we see the family in the car , look at the decoration . Christmas light festoon house , plastic santas smile from the top of garage , plastic wreath of '' holly hang from the lamp post surround smile Santa face . a choir of Christmas caroller accompany this tableau . we see a nativity group on a front lawn . Joseph and Mary kneel in the straw , ador the infant , watch by three plastic sheep , a plastic cow , and rudolph the red-nose reindeer , he nose a bright red bulb . ( continued ) -65 - of ~ a 40 . continued 40 . eight more plastic reindeer stand on the roof of the cardboard shed . : narrator somehow , religion have a tendency to get mix up with Walt | . Disney . . | 41 . int . car > night 41 . a sound like " g-dunk , g-dunk , g-dunk " be hear . the car lurch . . father 1 dammit ! mother what be it ? father ) we get a damn flat ! | ' Father pull over , leap from the car . the sound of | X _? banging - tool and steady cursing can be hear from the back of the car , narrator actually , my father love it . ! he always see himself in the . pit at the Indianapolis | speedway . 1 pather pass side window , roll spare tire , jack under he arm . mother ( the Ralph ) why do not you go help daddy ? narrator it be - the first time it have be suggest I go help my father with anything . Ralph get out of the car . camera dolly in . the car be up on the shoulder , and every time a tractor - trailer boom past , a spray of icy slush slop over . ( continued ) | 41 . ~66 - continued the Old man as he struggle with the jack . on the other side of the car , away from the road , be a deep weedy ravine , weed top poke out of the drift snow . in the dark and slushy night , the Old man struggle with he wear and patch spare tire . narrator ( continue ) my Old man 's spare tire be actually only tire in the _ academic sense . they be round ; they have once be make of rubber , but by the time they be in the dark bullpen of the car 's trunk to be use as spare . there be so little tread on they that the Old man use to say you could read the want ad of the tribune right through they . the ole man busily fit jack , jack up car , begin to remove wheel bolt with wrench .. Ralph watch . father ( notice Ralph ) what the hell be you do ? ralph Mom say I should help . father oh. yeh . listen , hold this hubcap . I be gonna put the bolt in it . fer chrissake , do not move it ! the Old man struggle with the tire . Ralph stand next to he , hold the hubcap . Cars whiz by , throw slush from under they tire . a giant semi roar past , throw up such a plume of slush and icy , filthy water that Ralph flinch . father ( continue ) stand still , dammit ! okay now , gimme the bolt . 's ( continued ) 41 . 4 for : | ee ete ~67 - 41 . continued the. Old man reach up , and accidentally hit the hub-cap with he hand . the picture slow down into slow motion . narrator for one brief moment , I see all the bolt silhouett against the light of the traffic . and then they be go , into . the snowbank , under the car , down the ravine into the abyss . closeup = ralph ~ in slow motion camera zoom in on ralphie 's face , just as he be about to make a exclamation . camera zoom past he mouth just as he be form the Word . just at that moment , a truck roar by and drown out the sound . we.do not hear the word or see it speak , but it be evident that Ralph have say the Word . . narrator it be the Word . I do not know why I say it . it just come out . ( closeup - father his face be freeze in astonishment . there be a long pause . father ( ominously ) what do you say ? ralph ah ... er ...uh ... father ( grimly ) that 's what I think you say . a long puase , both figure be catch in the glare of the oncoming traffic . ~ ( continued ) 41 . oe ST 41 . 42 . q -68 - continued 4l. father ( continue ) here . hold the flashlight . he crawl around in the snow , look for the lose bolt , mutter constantly . after a enormous struggle , he manage to retrieve three of they , and replace the bolt , put on the hubcap , return the jack to the trunk after a brief tussle with the lash down Christmas tree . Ralph watch dumbly . father ( continue ) okay . get in the car . int . car - night 42 . Father , mother , Ralph , Randy . father do you know what you son just say ? narrator mother look puzzied . Randy , in the back seat , perk up and lean forward attentively . he know I be suddenly in trouble , and he love it . if he have a tail , it would have be wag . father ( lean closer to mother ) you son say ... 22 er son whisper . mother sit bolt upright in shock . mother qhhh ! she turn to glare at Ralph . Randy snicker . they ride home silently , Ralph with the air of someone be take to the gallow . esrd sla sa qd 43. -69 - int . house - bathroom - night 43 . mother and ralpe . Ralph be sit on the close lid of the toilet . mother stand over he menacingly . mother now I want you to tell I where you hear that word . ralph uh ... uh ... mother the truth , now . where do you hear that word ? ralph er ... mother stick bar of soap in Ralph 's mouth . mother now you be not go to take that out until you be ready to tell I where you hear that word . narrator after a while , I get to be quite a connoisseur of soap . my personal preference be for lux , but I find palmolive have a nice , piquant after-dinner flavor , heady , but with just a touch of mellow smocthness . Ralph sit on the toilet , bar of soap in mouth . mother stand over he impassively . narrator lifebuey , on the other hand ... ralph mumphf , ummmffff ..... ( continued ) 43. continued Ralph nod ~70 - . . mother be you ready to tell I ? yes . mother remove soap . mother ( continue ) all right . now , where do you hear that word ? narrator now I have hear that word at least ten time a day from my Old man . my father work in profanity the way another artist might work in oil , or clay , the way Michelangelo work in marble . it be he true medium , and he be a master at it . mother I be wait . narrator but ... I chicken out . I grope desperately and blurt out the first name that come to mind . ralph ( blurt ) schwartz ! =e mother oh. I see . his mother put the bar of soap back in Ralph 's mouth . with a air of grim determination , she turn on she heel and go to the phone . she dial , pause . mother ( continue ) hello , Mrs. schwartz ? yes , fine , how be you ? Mrs. schwartz , do you know what Ralph just say ? pause . we hear gibble - gibble of Mrs. schwartz 's reply but can not hear the word . ( continued ) 43. -71 - 43 . continued 43 . mother ( continue ) well , no . he say ... she put hand over mouthpiece and whisper . mrs . schwartz ( v.o. ) ( very faintly ) eeeeeek ! ° mother yes . that . and do you know where he hear it ? ( long dramatic pause ) ) from you son ! mother stand hold phone . we hear quick tap - tap - tap of Mrs. schwartz 's heel retreate . suddenly , very faintly , there be a scream . narrator : retribution have come to cs schwartz . another shot of mysterious , inexorable y official justice . justice ? injustice ? it be immaterial . we be all guilty , in one way or another , and schwartz be no exception . mother hang up - phone , return to bathroom , remove soap from Ralph 's mouth . mother all right . now go to bed . I be glad you finish you homework this afternoon , because I want you to put the light off and get right into bed . no read comic book , you be be punish . I be go to come up , and I do not want to see that light on . ( continued ) 43. 44 , 45 . 46 . continued | 43 . Ralph go slowly up the stair . int . bedroom ~_ralph - night 44 , Ralph lie forlornly on he bed . in the upper left - hand corner of the screen , above he head , we see a projection of what he be think . ext . front walk - day 45 . scene widen until walk fill whole frame . closeup of white cane tap - tapping up front step . cane tap on door . huge tall door open . extzint .. house . - day : 46. ralphie' Pov mother stand in doorway , look down at the pathetic little figure before she . Father stancs behind she . mother ( appal ) hoh , my God , ralphie ! oh , my . God ! what 's happen to you ? father come on in , Ralph . where have you be ? mother why , he 's carry a cane ! what 's happen to you , Ralph ? ( continued ) pe nen ree i . ) 46 . -73 - continued . 46 . Little Ralph , say nothing , bravely tap he way into the house . closeup - randy look horrify , peer out from under the dining room table . mother lead Ralph to the kitchen table . Ralph sit bravely at table . mother ( brokenly ) Ralph , be it something we do ? Ralph bravely smile ; shake he head no . a tear run down under he dark glass . : father please , Ralph . we know it 's .our fault . what do we do ? what be it ? what have bring you to this lowly state ? Ralph be silent . mother please , Ralph . please tell we , mo matter how it hurt . what be it ? what do we do ? Ralph turn he head , fight back the pain . mother ( continue ) oh , please . please . I must know what we do . what bring this on ? ralphtie : ( against he will ) it be ... mother yes ? ralphie it be ... ( continued ) o q se 46 . 47 . a roe eee oe ee ee =74 - continued 46. mother yes , yes ? ralphie ( break down ) .-- soap poison . mother sink down beside Father . they cling togéther . mother oh , my God ! oh , my God ! I will never forgive myself ! how could I have do it ! Ralph put he hand on he . Father 's sob-wrack shoul - der . Randy cling lovingly to Ralph 's ankle . ralperie I will get along ... somehow . I deserve it . mother you be . so brave , . Ralph . narrator there have never be .a kid who ' do not believe , vaguely but insistently , that he would be stricken blind before he reach twenty~one .. and then they would . be sorry ! Ralph 's face , larger and larger , move into frame . his poor , blank , blind eye stare into the camera . one large tear roll down he cheek . focus on large tear . dissolve to : montage ext . alleyway ~ long shot - looking through some 47 . E. ts - __ day we see ralphie , flick and the other fly past . the shot remain empty for a moment then we see dill and farkas fly past . a ee ne 48. 49 . 50 . ext . school - day 48 . snow and wind howl int . school - day . 49 . it be Friday . the child be filing into class . every third or fourth child pause to give miss shield a little gift as be the custom . we see the booty pile up , mostly apple a few cupcake , some cookie , a solitary flower . suddenly a pineapple , a very large and particularly tropical look pineapple be place upon the desk . a pineapple in hohman during the depression be a sight indeed . : ralphie 's face ease up through the foliage on top of the pineapple . he grin a grin about as subtle as '' oilcan Harry . " miss shield look at he . in amazement . . ralphie I think you might be get tired of they same old stuff . miss shield why -~ thank you , Ralph ! Ralph slide away . ext . alleyway long shot_ ~ same fence we saw earlier 50 . day — silence , then we hear the pounding of feet . ralphie and the other go thunder past . silence , then dill and farkas come racing by . hold on the silence a moment . sl. -76 - ext . ~ ralph's house - long shot - day Ralph come dash up to the mailbox and stop to catch he breath , look behind he . : narrator grover dill be just another of the hostile element of nature like the wind and the snow and the boogie man and as such could be tolerate . but the agony of wait for the day to pass so I could receive my theme in triumph be unbearable . I be near madness . Ralph straighten up and look into the mailbox . narrator ( continue ) but we be give that which we need to survive . everything come to he whe wait . Ralph take a large erivelope out of the box . narrator ( continue ) there be few thing more thrill in life than lumpy letter that rattle . even to this day I feel a wild surge of exultation when I run my hand over a envelope that be thick , fat and pregnant with mystery . I rip it open and there it be -- my simulate - gold plastic decoder pin . with knob . and my membership card . camera cut to the letter : be it known to all and sundry that mr . ralph wesley parker be hereby appointed a member of the little orphan annie secret circle and be entitled to all — the honor and benefits accruing thereto . ( continued ) 51 . cd - 77 - 51 . continued narrator sign : Little orphan Annie . countersign : | Pierre Andre . in ink ! honor and benefit . already , at the age of nine . 52 . int . house ~ ralph -: evening 51 . 52 . Ralph race to the radio and whirl the dial frantically . narrator my excitement mount . running wave of goose pimple ripple up and down my . spine as I hunch next to the radio . a pause , a station break ... radio ( v.0 . ) who 's that little chatterbox ... @- one with curly auburn lock .. oo _ do see ...¢ te™s Little orphan Annie . Ralph hunch closer to radio . narrator let 's get on with it ! I do not need all this jazz about smuggler and pirate . I sit through Sandy 's arfing and Little orphan Annie 's peril hardly hearing a word . on comé , at long last , old Pierre . he 's one of my friend now . I be in . my first secret meeting ! radio ( v.0 . ) okay , fellas and gal . get out you decoder pin . time for the secret message for all the regular pal of little orphan annie , member of the little orphan annie secret circle . all set ? here we go . set you pin at B - 12 . we see Ralph frantically set he pin . ( continued ) soa 52 . 53. continued int . -78 - 52 . narrator my eye narrow to mere slit , my steely claw work with precision , I set my simulate - gold plastic decoder pin to b- 12 . radio ( v.0 . ) all ready ? . pencil set ? Ralph lick point of pencil . narrator Old Pierre be in great voice tonight . I could tell that tonight 's message be really important . radio ( v.0 . ) seven ... twenty -two ... thirteen ... nineteen ... EIGHT ! we see Ralph write like mad , brow furrow in manic concentration . '' narrator I nstruggle furiously to keep up with he booming voice drip with tension and excitement . finally ... radio ( v.0 . ) okay , kide . that's tonight's secret message . listen again tomorrow night , when you hear ... who 's that little chatterbox ... the one with curly auburn lock one ? om = = evenin 53. narrator ninety second later I be in the only room in the house where a boy of nine ’could sit in privacy and decode . my pin be on one knee , my indian Chief tablet on the other . I be start to decode . ( more ) ( continued ) - 79 - 53 ... continued 53,0 narrator ( cont 'd ) 7 ... I spun the dial , poring over ; the plastic scale of letter . aha ! B. I carefully write | down my first decode number . : zawent to the next . again I spun the dial . E. the first word be b-e . 13 ... 8 . it be come easier now . 19 ... U. from somewhere out in the house I could hear my kid brother whimper , he wail gather steam , then the aint shriek of my mother . mother ( 0.s. ) hurry up ! Randy 's gotta go ! ralphie I will be right out , mal gee whizt : narrator s... u... 15 ... br ... EL a be. sure ! a message be come through ! excitement grip my gut . I be get the Word . be sure ... 14 ... 8.7 . T ... 0 ... be sure to what ? what be Little orphan Annie try to say ? Ralph scribbles more frantically , run hand through hair distractedly . mother ( 0.8 . ) ( with annoyance ) ralphie ! come on ! ralphie ( frantic ) . all right , ma ! Z will be right gue ! ~ narrator / 17 ... 9 ... dr ... 16 ... 12 ... ll ( more ) ( continued ) 53 . continued - 80 - 53 . narrator ( cont 'd ) 1 ... 9 ... noo. kee. 32 ... ova ... 19 ... lt ... I sit for a long moment in that steamy room , stare down at my indian Chief notebook . a crumny commercial . we hear another thin wail from Randy , 0.s. ralph I will be right out , ma ! for cry gut loud . narrator I pull up my corduory pants and go out to face the meat loaf and the red cabbage . punjab have decapitate another victim . Randy race past Ralph into the bathroom . Ralph con - tinue on down to the kitchen . narrator ( continue ) the agony creep over I . again I hope dinner would bring relief . maybe there be a surprise . Ralph peer into the pot on the stove . narrator ( continue ) ha , fat chance -- red cabbage . I do not even bother to look in the oven where the perpetual meatloaf sizzle . my mother be hang over she sink , swabbing eternally with she brillo pad . if mother have a coat of arm in the midwest , it would consist of cross plumber 's helper rampant on a field of brillo pad .. mother do you wash up ? ( continued ) 53 . -81 - continued - 53 . ralphie ' yeah ! narrator what happen next be rather unreal , my mother walk out of the kitchen with she water can in tow bound for she nasturtium . there be a brief moment of silence then a loud erash from the live room and a phony stifle gasp . another split second of silence while the fuse sputter and ignite -- and then it begin ~-- the Old man know -- he have be fear it since the very first day . the bathroom door fly open and the Old man stand frame in the doorway , a wild look in he eye . father what break ? what happen ? what break ! narrator ( mimick mother 's voice ) ' the lamp , ' say my mother in a soft phony voice , feign heartbreak . the Old man rush headlong down the stair and into the live room . . father where be it where be it ? narrator there it be . the shattered kneecap under the coffee table , the crack , well - turn Le under the radio -- that voluptuous poem of feminine ulchritude -- split open ike a rotten watermelon , its entrail of insulate wire '' hang out limply over the rug . ( continued ) 53 . -82 - continued the Old man drop to he kneé amid the debris . mother I ... do not know what happen . I be water the flower and ... the Old man look at she for a long moment then speak in measure voice . father you be always jealous of that lamp . mother jealous ? of a plastic leg ? father you be jealous because I win ! mother that 's ridiculous ! jealous ! jealous of what ? that be the ugliest lamp I ever see ! narrator now it be out , irretrievably . the Old man draw himself up to he full height and glare at she with bristle dignity . narrator ( continue ) at least , ten year before the phrase be coin ny mother and father begin the cold war . father ( in a commanding voice ) get the glue . mother we be out of glue . narrator the Old man stand quivering with fury ... ( more ) ( continued ) 53. 53. 54 , 55 . -33 - continued narrator ( cont 'd ) .+-. stammer as he tried.to come up with a crush retort -- manage only -- father dammit ! he turn and race from the house nearly take the door with he . there be silence for a moment , then the door be rip open and the Old man bellow : father ( continue ) do not touch it ! do not touch that lamp ! he wheel and slam the door ! silence . dissolve to : ext . / int . house -~. night it be later . we be look at the house in long shot . we see the Old man silhouett in the window try to repair the lamp . int . narrator of this day , I can still see my father , wear he straw hat , swear under he breath , walk around a. shattered lady 's leg , a freudian image to make Edward albee 's best effort pale into insignificance . house ~ night we see the Old man bend intently over the leg . narrator ( continue ) time and again , - it look almost successful . then he would remove he hand slowly -~ boing the kneecap would spring up and sail across the room and the whole thing would collapse ! 53. 54 . 55 . | 57 . 58. ext . / int . house - night 56 . we see and hear the lamp come crashing to the floor . the Old man disappear out of the window for a long moment . suddenly he appear out the front door , make hs way to the side of the house and dump the whole mess in the garbage . he march resolutely back into the house . after a moment we hear he voice faintly . father I will not forget this -- ever . the house sit there tranquilly in the brilliant winter air . we hear the faint strain of " 0 Little town of bethlehem . " dissolve to : ext . ralph's house - day 57 . it be a raw , wind - whipped day . cheery smoke pour out of every chimney except one , which belch out . black acrid puff . camera zoom into the smoke . we hear the Old man roar ~ ing out he defiance of the villainous furnace . camera pan down the house to the front door . we see ralphie and raridy be hurried out by they anxious mother . mo . shot - ralphie , flick - day we see ralphie pursue by the bowl ball which be he brother , Randy . they run down the walk and join flick . they punch arm and then head out for school . ext . school ground - the boy , dill - day 58 . Ralph and the other move into view . we see grover dill loung about the ice -encrust jungle gym . dill hey , fat mess . come over here . I wanna talk to you . ( continued ) 58 . | : + oe ) 59 . CO continued -85 - narrator ordinarily , if dill so much as say ' hi ' to you , you feel great and warm inside . but mostly he just hit you in the mouth . ralph I can not , grover . I gotta report to miss shield . narrator the audacity of this ploy stunne everyone , myself most of all . there be no retreate , however . I know I would pay later . ralphie run for school . dill be furious . dill hey_ you ! dill ( continue ) you ! get over here . narrator I feel vaguely guilty for leave flick and schwartz to certain annihilation , but bb gun mania know no loyalty . he turn to the luckless flick . int . classroom = closeup ~ miss shield = day miss shield all right , class , I have you Christmas theme for you . I be pleased . they be generally very good . flick file by , he eye be blacken . closeup - ralphie he virtually pants with anticipation , ignore flick . ( continued ) 58. 59 . 59 . -86 - continued 59 . narrator I hold my breath as the papers ' come down the row . I imagine miss shield be restrain she praise in deference to the ordinary intelligence of ny classmate . closeup - the hand of the kide pass the theme back along the row . camera pan with the hand . closeup - ralph he be turn red from hold he breath . closeup camera pan with the papers down the row . closeup - ralph closeup ~ the paper they arrive at Ralph 's desk . he extricate he and pass the other on . camera pan up to he face as he unfold he theme . his face drop . camera pan back down to the paper and we see the grade C - pulsat - ing in and out of focus . narrator my first impulse be that obviously a mistake have be make , but then I see it -- it leap off the page and _ around the room and fastened itself leechlike on the back of my neck . camera cut back up to ralphie 's face , then tilt back to the paper and pan down and zoom to the fateful word . they pulsate in red : - ( continued ) 59 . 60 . 5a. continued p.s. you will shoot you eye out . narrator ( continue ) my mother have get to miss shield . there could be no other explanation . be there no end to this conspiracy of irrational prejudice against Red Ryder and he peace- maker ? I gloomily watch other happier kid who be all go to get what they want for Christmas . despair settle over I like a three - hundred - pound lady sit on my head . dissolve to : ext . alleyway - long shot - h 60 . mother , extra ~ day - the camera catch the forlorn figure of Ralph walk dejectedly to he house . we move in on he as he kick a slab of dirty ice down the sidewalk . Randy tag along behind . narrator wight fall fast in Northern Indiana . snow be drift ' softly through the feeble yellow glow of the distant street lamp while around I unbridle merriment rage . I have all but abandon hope , which may partially explain what happen next . we be close on Ralph 's face when suddenly a brackish snowball about the size of a basketball whistle into frame and smack Ralph right in the kisser . it nearly knock he off he foot . he clear the slush from he eye and choke back the tear that threaten to well up . he look 0.8 . long shot - grover dill be see walk in he cocky manner down the street toward Ralph . ( continued ) 60 . -88 - continued 60. dill hey , fat mess . how would ya like you snowball sandwich ! dill and scut farkas laugh they nasty little laugh as they approach Ralph . mo . shot - ralph camera move slowly into Ralph 's face . narrator somewhere deep in the recess of my brain a tiny red-hot little flame begin to . grow . dill have strutte up and stand , leg spread , in front of Ralph . . dill listen , jerk , when I tell ya to come over , ya better come over . narrator by this time my red demon have grow to man size and come explode out of my eye and ear and mouth . ralphie explode all over the startle dill , knock he flat on he back and begin pound he . narrator ( continue ) bravery do not exist , just a kind of latent nuttiness . if I have think about attack dill for ten second before I have do it , I would have teen four block away in a minute flat . but something have happen . a fuse blow and I have go out of my skull . Ralph and dill begin to fight in earnest . ( continued ) cc 60 . -89 - continued 60. narrator ( continue ) I have since hear of people under extreme duress speak in strange tongue . I become conscious that a steady torrent ' of obscenity and swear be pour out of I as T scream . ( the swear will be indistinguishable , lose under narration . ) narrator ( continue ) I could hear my brother run home , hysterically yell for my mother , but only dimly . dill fight back | like a fiend ! but I guess it be the first time he have ever meet , face to face , with a unleash tasmanian Devil . long shot : we see Ralph 's mother arrive . narrator I continue to swear fantastically , as though I have no control over ir . I be conscious of it and yet it be as though it be come from something or someone outside of I . boy continue to fight insanely . dill by this time be wail hysterically . this have never happen to he before . they drag the two kid apart amid a great ring of surging grownup and exultant , scared kid who know more about what be happen than the mother and father ever could . ralphie ' 's mother look at he for a long moment . mother what do you say ? / ( continued ) I ee 60 . 61 . 62. continued - -90 - 60 . . narrator . that 's all . there be a funny look on she face . at that instant all think of grover dill disa - ppear from what be leave of my mind and all I could think of be the incredible shame of that un - believable tornado of obscenity I have spray over the neighbor - hood . dissolve to : int . house - ralphie - dusk 61 . narrator I get into the house in a daze . my mother put water on I in the bathroom , pour it over my head and dabbing at my eye which be puffed and red from hysteria , mother you would better go in and lie down on the day . take it easy . just go in and lie down . int . _ bedroom ~ dusk 623 she take Ralph by the shoulder and push he down on the day . he have do . he lie there scared , really scared of what narrator the light be get purple and soft outside , almost time for my father to come home from work . I be just lie there . closeup - randy under the sink . narrator my kid brother by now be under the sink in the john , hide among the mop , mew occasionally . ( more ) ( continued ) -91 - 62 . continued 62. . narrator ( cont would ) I hear the car roar up the drive - way and a wave of terror break over I . I hear he in the kitchen now . mother Supper 's ready . come on , kid , wash up . narrator I painfully drag myself off the day and sneak along the woodwork , under the buffet , sneaking , skulking into the bathroom . my kid brother and I wash together over the sink . he say nothing . 63 , int . kitchen - night 63 . Ralph walk into the kitchen and sit down . father well , what happen today ? narrator here it come ! there be a short pause , and then my mother say : mother oh , not much . Ralph have a little fight . father fight ? what kind of fight ? mother oh , you know how kid be . narrator the axe be poise over my naked neck ! there be no way out ! ( continued ) 63. 64 . continued mother oh , it be not much . I give he a talk to . by the way , I see the bear be play Green Bay on Sunday . mother resume she endless table - to-stove - to - refrigerator-to-table-to-stove treadmill . father yeah , Zudock have ticket . Boy , I wish I do . oh well , you would freeze you keister off out there . Father shovel in more meatloaf . narrator I slowly begin to realize that I be not about to be destroy . mother , lean over to serve more red cabbage to Father , casually lean she arm against Ralph 's shoul - der and give he a friendly , un bump . Father do not notice . narrator ( continue ) from then on , thing be different between I and my mother . erstand little Ralph resume eat , this time as though he be actually taste the food . mother go from table to stove . Father eat . Randy whine . life be back to normal . int . bedroom - ralph - night Ralph lie in bed . narrator the cold air blow the curtain back and forth ... ( more ) ( continued ) 63. 64 . 64 . 65 . 9 3 - continued . 64 . narrator ( cont 'd ) ... as we catch the tail of a wind from the great North Woods , the wilderness at the head of the Lake . both of we rest quietly , I and my little red-ey fange , furry tasmanian Devil . we rest . for the time be . dissolve to : ext . hohman STREET - family , crowd - night 65 . we see a extreme closeup of a huge Santa 's head . it appear to be bob along . in the air . camera pull back and we realize that what we have be see - ing be a huge rubber Santa . we now realize we be see the hohman Christmas parade . camera pan and zoom to Ralph and the family watch the parade flow by . jingle bell fill the air . narrator I have awaken that morning with the glow realization that all be not yet lose . there be one last hope , one appeal as yet unfile , one glorious , madden ray of _ Daisy sunshine that have as yet not shine forth . the Big man himself , number one . the head honcho . the connection -- Santa Claus ! now it be well - know that foolish man stuff themselves with pillow and other such device and run around ringing bell in the street in order to siphon off some of the Christmas largess , but it be equally well - know that the real Santa Claus can be find at '' higbee 's Department store in hohman , Indiana , and this be the official Court of last appeal . ( continued ) ~94 - 65 . continued 65 . camera pan off the parade as the last shriner march past and tilt up to see the huge Santa and reindeer above the gold - plate higbee 's Department store. sign . CUT to : 66 . int . higbee be - family , crowd - night 66 . we pull back from the real Santa 's laugh face to take in the full scope of higbee 's Department store . we see milling crowd of blue-jowled , agate - eye , foundry worker , grey - face refinery man , motley horde of open hearth , slag heap , bessemer converter , tin mill , coke plant and welding shop fugitive trudg - ing through the wildly pulsing store , through floor after floor of shiny , beautiful , unattainable treasure , trail by million of leatherette - jackete , high - top , mufflere kid . worried -look , flush - face mother wear fray cloth coat with ratty fox - fur collar , they hand chap and raw from year of dishwater therapy , ride herd on the surging mob , range far and wide into the aisle and under the ' counter ; cuffing , slapping , drag whiner of all size from department to department . Ralph , Randy , mother and Father be carry forward by the wave of madden shopper . they pause by a coun-_ ter , confer briefly , head together . we do not hear what be be say , but then mother and Father go off in the direction of the Men 's Department . camera stays with Ralph and Randy as they get on the end of a long line of nervous , fidget , greedy urchin wait to see Santa Claus . narrator the line wait to see Santa Claus stretch back at least to Terre haute , and I be at the end of it and close time of ten o'clock be racing nearer . long shot - the line it stretch like a human shake reach to infinity . ' ( continued ) - 66 . -95 - continued . 66 . narrator it be not easy to disbelieve fully in Santa Claus , because there be not much else to believe in , and there be many theological argument over the nature of , the existence of , the affirmation and denial of he existence . the shove , restless , sniffle , whining line slowly inch forward . Far ahead we see a gigantic snowy throne , frame with red- and - white candy cane , under a suspend squadron of plastic angel blow silver trumpet . the line slowly move forward . closeup - store clock 9:45 . narrator most of we be scoffer , but moment before Zero hour , with the air pulsing to the strain of we Three king of orient be , the store window garland with red and green wreath and the toy Department bristle with shiny flexible Flyers , there be few who dare to disbelieve . we see ( ralph's Pov ) a glow golden grotto at the top of a high ramp . ramp , see through Ralph 's eye , be exaggeratedly high , like a soar glass mountain stretch up to infinity before the kid . narrator ( continue ) the atheist among we grow moodier and less and less sure of themselves , until finally in each scoffing heart be the float , drift , nag suspicion : well , you never can tell . it do not pay to take chance , and so we wait in line for we turn . ( continued ) 66 . a -96 - continued 66. behind Ralph and Randy a skinny seven - year - old girl wear a brown stock cap and gold - rimmed glass -hit she little brother steadily to keep he in line . he be wear a aviator 's helmet with goggle pull down over he eye . his galoshes be open and he maroon corduroy knicker be damp . behind they , a fat boy in a huge sheepskin coat stand numbly , he eye water in vague fear , he nose red and run . camera take in long line , a uneven procession of stock cap , muffler , mitten and earmuff inch - ing painfully forward , while in the hazy distance , in he magic glow cave , santa claus wait to sit each in turn on he broad red knee . over the ser - pentine line roar a great sea - of sound : tinkling bell , recorded carol , the hum and clatter of elec - tric train , whistle tooting , mechanical cow mooing , cash register dinging , and from far off in the faint distance the " ho-ho-ho-ing " of jolly old Saint Nick . Ralph and Randy wind slowly through the tricycle and bicycle Department , jostle and push by the horde of kid behind they . suddenly they reach the head of the line , the foot of mount Olympus itself . Santa 's enarmous gleam white snowdrift of a throne ' soar ten or fifteen foot above they head on a mountain of red and green tinsel carpete with flash - ing Christmas tree bulb and gleam ornament . each kid in turn be prodd up a tiny staircase at '' the side of the mountain on Santa 's leave as Santa pass he last customer on to he right and down a wind red chute which give the kid a little ride down to floor level and back into oblivion for another year . pretty lady dress in snow White costume , gauzy gowns glitter with sequin and tiaras clipped to they golden , artificial hair , preside at the head of the line , direct traffic and keep order . Randy begin to hang back , whining and whimper steadily . ' Ralph herd he ahead of himself while , behind , the girl in the glass do the same with she kid brother . snow white grab Randy 's shoulder with a iron grip , launch nim up the slope . snow white ( a harsh bark ) get move , kid . quit drag you foot . ( continued ) 66 . -97 - continued deafen music blast from the speaker above : jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way sung by ten thousand echo-chambered reverberate chipmunk . ralph's Pov we see he brother 's tiny yellow and brown stock cap as it bob on Santa 's lap what seem mile above the floor . we hear a thin , high trail wail . suddenly the abyss open before Ralph . back to scene snow White grab he elbow with a iron claw and Ralph begin to struggle upward toward the mountaintop . narrator I have always feel that later generation of tot , product of less romantic upbringing , cynical non - believer in Santa Claus from birth ; can never know the nature of the true dream . I be well into my twenty before I finally give up on the Easter Bunny , and i be not convinced that I be the richer for it . I have long before decide to levei with Santa , to really lay it on the line . no kid stuff . if I be go to ride the range with Red Ryder , Santa Claus be go to have to get the straight poop . this Santa Claus be not the conventional department store Santa , but rather Santa as he be see thuugh a child 's eye . he be enormous , seemingly eight foot tall ; high shiny black patent - leather boot , a nimbus of snow white beard , and a real thrumm , belt -creak stomach . his voice be amplify to a thunder pitch . he seem vast , immense , enormous , world=illing , God like to the eye of Ralph . santa and what 's you name , little oy ? ( continued } 66 . cee ee — — — — — — = — oo 66 . -98 - 66 . Ralph quail as Santa reach down and neatly hook he - sheepskin collar , swoop he upward . Ralph sit on Santa 's huge knee , look down and out over the endless expanse of toyland and down to the tiny figure that wind off into the distance . ralphie ah .....uh..... uhhhhhh . santa that 's a fine name , little boy ! ho-ho-ho ! and what do_ you want for '' stmas , Little boy ? Ralph stare straight ahead in mindless panic . his mouth open , snap shut convulsively , open again with a feeble croak . ralphie ehhhhrrrrr ...... narrator my mind have go blank ! frantically I try to remember what it be I want . I be blow it ! ralphie uhhhh .... santa would not you like a nice football ? " narrator my mind grope . football , football . without conscious will my voice squeake out . ralphie yeah ! santa ho=ho-ho ! narrator my God , a football ! ( continued ) i. 66 . , continued 's 66 . Ralph be be sly off Santa 's knee and deposit in the red chute for he slide to the ground floor . just as he begin to slide he come to and , struggle frantically , claw he way back up to the lip of the chute and thrust he face up over it desperately . ralphie ( all in a rush semi-hysterically ) no ! no ! I want a official Red Ryder , carbine - action ewo-hundred - shot Range model air rifle with a special sight and a compass in 4 stock with a sundial ?! Santa look in surprise at the absurd figure of Ralph cling to the chute . santa ho-horho ! you will shoot you eye out , kid . Ho -ho=ho . merry , Christmas : Santa reach out gently with he boot and give Ralph a little shove . we hear this " noq000000 " echo as he disappear . narrator down the chute I go . I have never be strike by a bolt of lightning , but I know how it must feel . the back of my head be numb . my foot clanke leadenly be - neath I as I return to earth at the bottom of the chute . Ralph meet Randy , who stand snivelling under a counter pile high with raggedy Ann doll . from nowhere , mother and facher reappear . : father do you tell Santa what you want ? ( continued ) oof co 66 continued : | Ralph look - 100 - ralphie -..- yeah . father a good boy ? do he ask you if you have be ralphie no . father ha ! do not worry . he know anyway . he know . narrator maybe that be it ! my mind reele with the realization that maybe Santa do know how rotten I have be and that the football be not only a threat but a punish - ment . I could see that either my father , or Santa , or perhaps both be not content to let bygone be bygone . hangdog . all hope be go . the family , like a salmon swim upstream , begin to struggle through the crowd to the we can still front door of the store . hear Santa Claus . santa ( 0.s. ) merry Christmas . ho-ho-ho ! 67 . ext , parker house - night the house be brilliant . nee '' ‘rom the distance dissolve to : nestle in the snow . the night be crisp and 66 . 67 . oo - 101 - 68 . int . live room - ralph , randy , mother , father - night 68 . it be after dinner . the family be trimming the tree on this most important of all night , Christmas Eve . the tree , complete with a bare spot which do not '' fluff out " be stand in its little red tin holder , fragrantly , toweringly , teeteringly . Father stand on a ladder , also teeter , string light to the top of the tree . father all right . plug ‘em in . mother scramble around , find extension cord under sofa , plug in Christmas tree . light . father Son of a bitch ! mother what 's the matter ? father they green one be not light . dammit ! : mother the green one be light . it 's the blue one ..... father do not tell I , dammit ! . Father scramble down the ladder , get a new bulb , run back up the ladder to the top of the tree , screw in the new bulb . father okay . plug 'er. in again . mother plug the string of light into extension . narrator gur entire world be strung together with ' extension ' . outlet in we house be rare and covete . the Christmas tree light up . ( continued ) a oo 68. '' continued father ah ! the Christmas Tree go out , light blink and dim , the kitchen light burn wildly for one moment , flicker , go out . father dammit ! Father run down the ladder , grab the extension , and unplug the tree light . father get the extension from the toaster ! Ralph and Randy run to the kitchen . narrator occasionally in some house a critical point be reach and one of this electrical bomb go off , sometimes burn down whole block cf home , or more often blow out the main fuse , plunging half the town into darkness . Ralph and Randy return , carry the extension from the toaster . father okay , come on , give it here , let 's go . Father plug the extension into a rat 's nest of electrical junk , ram the plug from the tree into the extension , and hurry up the ladder . father okay . plug it in . mother plug it in . the Christmas tree light up . the house remain light . ( continued ) 68. ' 68 . a ee - 103 - continued 's 68. : mother my , be not that pretty . father ( admiringly ) Son of a bitch . the tree stand in all its splendid fragrant beauty . Father come down the ladder . the family stand in awed silence around the tree , drink in its magnificent beauty . father okay , gimme the star . mother dig in the cardboard box . Father climb the ladder . mother be careful . father oh , fer chrissake , I know what I be do . Father lean over from the ladder , and place the star at the top of the tree . for a moment all hang suspend . the tree glow ; Ralph and Randy admire ; mother nervously wring she hand . then , slowly , majestically , the tree begin to tilt . mother oh ! be careful ! father dammit . Son of a bitch ! Father grab the top of the tree , and shove it back upright . the star be now noticeably cockey . father ah. okay . nobody . mention the crooked star . father perfect ! ( continued } - 104 - 68 . continued '' he run down the ladder , rub he hand , and admire the tree . mother sigh and wipe she hand on she apron . mother glance at the clock . mother oh goodness look at the time . I hope Santa Claus have not have to pass up this house because some boy be not in bed when he come by . father yeah , I hear some sleigh bell a while back headin ' up the other side of the street . randy I wanta see Santa I wanta see Santa . Randy dash to the window . randy I be good all year Santa ! ralphie say bad . word twice and I never say any . ralphie hey ! mother Randy , Santa do not like tattletale . Randy look at they a moment of indecision flicker on he face , he turn back to the window randy but ralphie do not mean nothin' Santa . ralphie squealer ! ( continued ) ne 68. 69 . 70 . ~105 - continued 68. mother alright you two that 's it . up the stair . father on the double . the boy dash up the stair . mother and the Old man look at one another . ext . ralphie' house - night 69 . a light snow fall . camera peer from across the street . we see mother and the @lat man as they play Santa Claus . the Old man open the front door and go to the trunk of the old . it be a calculate risk . several of the bumpuse ' hound stir . a howl set up . the old man dash for the door , slip and slide on the new snow . he make the front door one step ahead of the furry mass . int . ralph's bedroom - night 70 . ralphie stare forelornly from he bed . we see the light snow fall outside he window . camera move in on he face . narrator kid dream die hard . even though the official and final word have come down from Santa Claus himself . I find myself listen to some distant clamor of hope , after all bear have be spot down at pulaski 's candy store . ( continued ) 71 . 72 . ~106 - continued 70 . camera move in on ralphie as he fantasize . ext . rooftop - night 71 . we see Santa Claus and the reindeer on a very fairy tale like snowcover rooftop . he be be menace by the same burglar from ralphies first fantasy . ralphie appear racing over the rooftop . he chase off the bandit with he trusty air rifle and be reward by Santa who pile present after present on top of ralphie . dissolve to : int / ext . bedroom ~ backyard ~- day 72 . ralphie stir from sleep . the bright light from the window make he shield he eye . he lean over the bed and peer out . : camera pan to leok out the window into the backyard . a overnight ice storm have touch the neighborhood with a crystal wand . the morning sun send spray ef color light radiating from the gnarled silver icicle that cover everything ; treas , wire , eave , fence . it be a fairy kingdom ralphie turn from the window . ralphie Randy ! come on ! - 73. int . house ~ day . 73 . we. see ralphie and Randy creep down the stair . they stop and stare into the live room . camera pull back to find great heaps of tissuey , crinkley , sparkly , enigmatic package under the tree , half -hidden amid the fold of a white bedsheet that look , in the soft light , like some magic snowbank . Ralph and Randy stare in awe at the tree and the package beneath it . . narrator Santa Claus have come ! my brother circle around the tree , moan softly , while I -- cooler and more control -- quickly eye the mountain of revealingly wrap largess . and know the worst . mother and the Old man enter behind they . they sit down and watch the kid ' reaction to the present . narrator ( continue ) Christmas have officially begin . we plunge into the cornucopia , quivering with desire and the ecstasy cf unbridle avarice . in the background , on the radio , lionel barrymore 's wheezy , friendly old voice speak kindly of Bob cratchit and tiny Tim and the ghost 6 for Old marley . Ralph grab a package . it be tag to Randy from Santa . Ralph feverishly pass it over to Randy and return to work . he pull out a largish , lumpy , red=wrapped gift . we see the tag read to ralphie from aunt Clara . frantically , Ralph tear the wrapping off . it be a pair of slipper . Bunny slipper . Ralph 's mouth drop open . ( continued ) ~-108 - | 2 | et 73 . continued : 73. | : | narrator : : | ( continue ) oh no . a pair of fuzzy , pink , idiotic , cross -ey , lop -ear | bunny slipper . aunt Clara have | for year labor under the . delusion that I be not only | perpetually four year old , but also a girl . . | mother ( add oil to the | flame ) oh , be not they sweet ! | Ralph look disgust . | mother ( continue ) . aunt Clara always give you ! the nicest present . put ) they on ; see if they fit . Ralph put on slipper . narrator immediately my foot begin to sweat as that two fluffy little bunny with the blue button eye stare sappily up at I ..... and I know that for at least two year I would have to wear they every time - aunt Clara visit we . I just hope that flick would never spot they , as the word of this humiliation could easily make life at Warren G. harding School a veritable hell . next to Ralph , Randy silently , doggedly strip package after package until he hit the zeppelin . randy wow ! a zeppélin ! whee ! whoopee ! wow ! ( continued ) | ) | wy continued | 73 . Randy launch it upward into the middle branch of the tree . two glass angel and a golden bugle crash to the floor and a string of light wink out . ralphie it 's not suppose to fly , you nut . . randy ahhhh . what good be a zeppelin that do not fly ? ralphie it roll . and beep . i Randy , on he knee , begin push zeppelin , beep fiendlishly , propellor clack madly , across the live room rug . narrator it be a sound that be to become sickeningly familiar . Randy continue to play with zeppelin . Ralph open more package : a Sandy Andy , a dump truck , a Monopoly game , etc . narrator ( continue ) my brother 's gift to I be the only bright spot in a otherwise remarkably mediccre haul : a rubber frankenstein face . Ralph immediately put on frankenstein face . mother oh , how terrible . take it off and put it away . father I think it look good on he . Ralph stand up , do he famous frankenstein walk , clumping stiff legge around the live room and back to the tree . ( continued ) 73. - 110 - continued 73. finally it be all over . 's there be no more mysterious package under the tree , only a great pile of crumpled tissue paper , string , and empty box . Randy lie doze amid the rubble , the zeppelin clasped in one hand and he new fire truck in the other . narrator there be no deny that I have score heavily with the simoniz and the fly swatter , as well as the zeppelin . the joy of give can uplift the sadden heart . but then it come . I must admit I have be completely take in . Father lean forward in he easy chair , he eighth glass of wine in he hand . he get up ceremoniously and move over to the tree . father say ! ( he pause dramatieally ) do not I see something over there stick behind the drape ? why , I think there be something over there behind the drape . Ralph look up , afraid to believe . he run to drape and pull they out . sure enough there it be , a long , heavy , red-wrapped package . it be mark to ralphie , from Santa . frantically , Ralph tear the wrapping off . narrator a Red Ryder carbine~action range - model bb gun ! Ralph make inarticulate gasp of surprise and eestasy . narrator ( continue ) Blue steel barrel graceful and taut , its dark , polished stock gleam like ail the treasure of the western World . and there , burn ( more ) ( continued ) '' — ~\ 73. continued Father grin broadly , expansively . doubtful smile . narrator ( cont would ) into the walnut , he level gaze unmistakable , he jaw clean and hard , be Red Ryder himself . his face be even more beautiful and malevolent than the picture in the ad - vertisement show . narrator ( continue ) I could hardly wait to try it out , but the instruction book say , in Red Ryder 's own word : kid , never fire a bb gun in the house . 1 never shoot anybody but bad favs . and I do not want any of my friend hurt . mother ( in background , behind narrator ) all right , you try it out , but outside and you be careful ralphie I still say that thing be dangerous . ralphie gather up he bocty and dash out . man and mother look after he . mother '' and do not shoot at bird 's or any animal . old man except bumpus hound ! 73. mother smile a weak , over the radio thunder a thousand - voice heavenly choir : joy to the world , the lord have come . Ralph dig back into the box , come up with tube of bb's and black and white print target . the Old ( continued ) 73. 74 . continued 73. mother now hush ! ralphie , be care - ful . by this time mother be in the kitchen and pull a golden succulent turkey out of the oven . she place it on the table . the old man pull some skin away . mother for heaven sake it 's not even do yet , now go read the funnyy and let I work . ext . ' backyard = day 74 . narrator I stand in the clean air , ready to consummate my great , long painful , ecstatic love affair . Ralph brushes snow off front step , prop up a gleam Red Ryder target , the black ring and bull 's eye stand out starkly against the snowy whiteness . he back off into ' the snow a good twenty foot , slam the stock down onto he leave kneecap , hook he finger into the icy carbine lever and cock he blue-steel beauty for the first time . Ralph sight over the barrel . slowly , slowly he squeeze the frosty trigger . back ...back .... back . narrator ( continue ) for one instant I think wildly , it do not work . we will have to send it back . tt ... craaaack ! the gun jerk upward . Ralph 's hornnrimmed glass spin from he head into a snowbank . he stand paralyze , not know what have happen . slood trail down he cheek and onto the walnut stock of the Red Ryder bb gun . ( continued ) a rr ree sees es Si -113 - on 74 . continued 74 , the bb have ricochete off the tin target and strike ralphie on the cheek . finally , snap out of he daze , Ralph scramble around in the snow for he glass . he find they at last . narrator ( continue ) I know immediately that I have not shot my eye out , but the glass be another story . they be pulverize ! few thing in that time bring such swift and terrible retri - bution on a kid . as the pair of bust glass . the leave lens be out as clean as a whistle , and for a moment I think I will fake it ! thev will never know the lens be go : but then , gingerly finger my rapidly swell black eye , I realize that here be a shiner on the way that would top even the one I get from grover dill . the back door open just a crack . Ralph can . see the blur of he mother 's chinese - red chenille bathrobe . mother ( call ) be careful . do not shoot you eye out ! narrator she have not see . she do not ow . rapidiy , my mind evolve a@ spectacular plot . it would work . it have to work ! Ralph dash into the house , meet mother right inside the door . mother see he break glass , see the long bloody scrape on he cheek . ( continued ) 74 . continued 74 . ralphie ( brokenly ) there be this icicle , and it fall , and it hit the gun , and then this : icicle ..... the gun fly up .... and it bounce up and .... and it cut .... and - I try to . get out of the way but ..... the icicle fall off the roof and hit the gun and it bounce up and hit I and ... narrator I begin to cry , fake it at first . ralphie ( beginning to cry harder ) - e.seand it fall off the roof and I ...... int , bathroom ~ ralph , mother =~ day 75 . mother lead Ralph into the bathroom , wet washcloth in cold water , put it on Ralph 's cheek . Ralph still clutches bb gun to he chest . mother ( soothingly ) there now , see . it 's just a little bump . you be lucky you do not cut you eye . that icicle sometimes even kill people . you be really lucky . here , hold this rag on it . narrator ( over shot ) i_had pulled it off ! old man ( off ) what 's goin ' on ? ( continued ) — , pee 75 . | for 76 . / oa 77 . -115 - continued 75 . mother nothing , we will be right down and stay away from that turkey . it have to cook for another hour . you will get worm . narrator now it be well know through - out the midwest that the old man be a turkey junkie . a bonafide galli turkecanus freak . a few day before Christmas he eye would begin to gleam with a wild and ravenous light . every few hour he would check he carve set to make sure the knife be hone , the fork tine sharp . int . kitchen > day 76 . we see the Old man lean over the turkey draw a long deep draft of turkey essence into he nostril . he glide back to he chair and sit take up the sport page with great satisfaction . int . bathroom = day 77 . mother be still clean ralphie 's wound . narrator life be like that . sometimes at the height of we revery when we joy be at its zenith . when all be most right with the world , the most unthinkable disaster descend upon we . we hear a huge crash , follow closely by another , then a thunder bellow from the Old man . 78. -116 - int . live room - day 78 . a we see the old man peer in horror over he newspaper . after 's a beat we see what the tragedy be . a blur streak by the foreground of we shot . the old man stare . then another blur whizze by . then another and we realize we be see the bumpuse ' hound . now the whole pack roar past . the old man scramble to he . foot . old man Holy Christ , the turkey ! the turkey . that goddamn dog . the turkey . he race for the kitchen just in time to see the dog leap upon the table , grab the twelve pound turkey and in a-mass of snarling fury , disappear through the kitchen door all but take it off the hinge . ralphie , Randy and mother arrive just in time to see the Old man stare out the door as the sound of the hound recede in the distance . finally the old man turn and walk back into the kitchen . he stand look down_at the big sheet of wax paper drip with warm turkey gravy and big clump of oyster stuff . narrator the heavenly aroma still hang heavy in the house . but it be go -~ all go -- no turkey -~ no turkey sandwich no turkey salad , no turkey gravy , turkey hash , turkey a la king , or gallon of turkey soup , go , all go . the 61d man come as close to ery as I would ever see he come . the Old man stand there quivering with frustration . finally , old man get you coat ! we be go to the chinese joint . we be go to have chop suey ! ( continued ) ae 78. 79 . 80 . 81 . -117 - continued . 78 . the’ Old : man exit with flourish . camera hold on mother , ralphie , and Randy . they stare . narrator we understand . naturally . there be no other restaurant open on Christmas day , but it go deeper than that . but we understand . ext . / tnt . = chinese restaurant - dusk 79 . we hear a faint chinese tune emanate from the restaurant . we be across the. street look in at the family . they be the only customer . the happy chinese family hover around they . ' two waiter , come march out with a wilted pot palm dot . with a sad string of color light . they be follow by a waiter carry a tray bear a large duck . the tray be place before the family . we hear a exchange , then the Old man begin to beam , the family dig in . . narrator that Christmas would live in we memory as the Christmas when we be introduce to chinese turkey . all be right with the world . dissolve to : ext . house - night _ . 80. it nestle sleepily in the snow . int . ralph's bedroom - ralph ~ night 81 . uye awake , a smile on he face . ( continued ) 81 . 82. 83. continued 81. narrator next to I in the blackness lay my oile blue-steel beauty , the great Christmas gift I have ever receive . gradually I drift off to sleep , pranging duck on the wing and get off spectacular hip shot as I dissolve into nothingness . int . live room ~- night , 82. the light be dim ; only the Christmas tree glow , its icicle reflect the multi color bulb . the gentle sound of " Silent night " swell softly from the crosley Cathedral radio . mother have clear away the last of the debris . she eross the room to where the . Old man sit luxuriate in the glow of the wine and the moment . mother stop and look down at the Old man . for this brief moment all be right with the world . they look at one another with a oneness of satisfaction that come rarely to any of we . it be a nice moment , simple , uncontrive and affect . mother sit beside the Old man and they hand entwine and they share ; no word be need . int . ralphie 's bedroom 83. the room be dark . we hear a faint sound like a beeping . camera dolly toward the sound . we can make out a figure under the cover . the beeping SOUND get louder . as we near the bed , Randy suddenly pop out from under the cover and look around furtively and comically for a moment . then he lift he zeppelin from under the cover and whirl it through the air a couple of time , then duck quickly beneath the blanket and continue he joyous journey with he magical zeppelin . ( continued ) 83. continued camera pan slowly over to the sleep Ralph . ol ' Blue lie across he chest . the strain of " Silent night " float gently up to we . camera move slowly from Ralph 's blissful face to take in the crystal starlit night . roll credit . the end . 83.