a clockwork orange screenplay by stanley kubrick base on the novel by Anthony burgess fade in : int . korova milkbar - night tables , chair make of nude fibreglass figure . hypnotic atmosphere . Alex , Pete , georgie and dim , teenager stone on they milk - plus , thier foot rest on face , crotch , lip of the sculpture furniture . alex ( v.0 . ) there be I , that be Alex , and my three droog , that be Pete , georgie and dim and we sit in the korova milkbar try to make up we rassoodock what to do with the evening . the korova milk bar sell milkplus , milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which be what we be drink . this would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra - violence . we pocket be full of money so there be no need on that score , but , as they say , money be not everything . int . pedestrian underpass tunnel - night a tramp lie in tunnel , sing . tramp in Dublin 's fair city where the girl be so pretty I first set my eye on sweet Molly malone as she wheeled she wheelbarrow through street wide and narrow ... shadows of the boy approach fall across tramp . tramp crying cockless and mussel alive , alive 0 ... alive , alive 0 ... alive , alive 0 ... crying cockless and mussel alive , alive 0 ... alex ( v.0 . ) one thing I could never stand be to see a filthy , dirty old drunkie , howling away at the filthy song of he father and go blerp , blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in he stinking rotten gut . I could never stand to see anyone like that , whatever he age might be , but more especially when he be real old like this one be . the boy stop and applaud he . tramp can you ... can you spare some cutter , I brother ? Alex ram he stick into the tramp 's stomach . the boy laugh . tramp oh-hhh !!! go on , do I in you bastard coward . I do not want to live anyway , not in a stinking world like this . alex oh - and what 's so stinking about it ? tramp it 's a stinking world because there 's no law and order any more . it 's a stinking world because it let the young get onto the old like you do . it 's no world for a old man any more . what sort of a world be it at all ? Men on the moon and man spin around the earth and there 's not no attention pay to earthly law and order no more . the tramp start sing again . tramp oh dear land , I fight for thee and bring you peace and victory . Alex and gang move in and start beat up on old tramp . int . derelict casino - night billyboy gang on stage tear clothes off a scream girl . alex ( v.0 . ) it be around by the derelict casino that we come across billyboy and he four droog . they be get ready to perform a little of the old in - out , in - out ona weepy young devotchka they have there . Alex and gang step out of the shadow . alex Ho , Ho , Ho ... well , if it be not stinking billygoat billyboy in poison . how be thou , thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip 0il ? come and get one in the yarble , if you have any yarble , you eunuch jelly thou . billyboy snap open a switchblade knife . billy boy let 's get ‘em boy . the fight begin , chain , knife , kick boot . Police siren . alex the Police ... come on , let 's go ... come on . Alex and the boy rush out of casino . ext . / int . car - night - fast drive shot swerve car , force other car off the road , try to hit pedestrian , etc . alex ( v.0 . ) the durango - 95 purre away real horrorshow - a nice , warm vibraty feel all through you guttiwut . soon it be tree and dark , my brother , with real country dark . we fillied around for a while with other traveler of the night , play hog of the road . then we head west , what we be after now be the old surprise visit , that be a real kick and good for laugh and lash of the ultra-violent . ext . " home " - night a cottage on its own , on outskirt of a village . Bright moonlight . cheery light inside . car pull to stop . Alex shush he giggle boy and get out of the car . int . " home " - night Mr. Alexander type . Bell ring . mr . alexander who on earth could that be ? mrs . alexander I will see . Mrs. Alexander , a good-look red head in a red jumper suit . mrs . alexander yes ? who be it ? alex Excuse I , Mrs ... will you please help , there 's be a terrible accident . she open the door on the chain and peep out . alex my friend 's lie in the middle of the road bleed to death . could I please use you telephone for a ambulance ? mrs . alexander I be sorry , but we do not have a telephone . you will have to go somewhere else . alex but Mrs ... it 's a matter of life and death . from inside the sound of clack clacky clack clack clackity clackclack of Alexander type stop . mr . alexander who be it , dear ? mrs . alexander there 's a young man here . he say there 's be a accident . he want to use the telephone . mr . alexander then you would better let he in . mrs . alexander wait a minute . alex thank you , Mrs. Mrs . Alexander open door , say ... mrs. alexander I be sorry , we do not usually let people in in the middle of the night . Alex and boy have put on they mask and rush into house , carry and drag Mrs. Alexander along with they . int . home - night they go roaring in . Mr. Alexander be kick in the face and go down . georgie leap on he . Pete jump up and down and the settee . dim grab hold of Mrs. Alexander . Alex whistle piercingly . alex right , Pete . check the rest of the house . Alex turn to dim who hold the struggle Mrs. Alexander . alex dim ... dim set she down but hold she firmly . Alex start to sing - " singin ' in the rain " , accompany it with a kind of tap dance . alex ( sing ) I be sing in the rain ... he kick Mr. Alexander accent the lyric . alex ( sing ) just sing in the rain ... he club Mr. Alexander with stick , in the time to the music . alex ( sing ) what a glorious feel , I be happy again . he push a rubber ball into Mrs. Alexander 's mouth and bind it with sellotape . alex ( sing ) I be laugh at cloud so dark up above . the sun 's in my heart and I be ready for love . let the stormy cloud chase ... he kick Mr. Alexander again . alex ( sing ) . everyone from the place . come on with the rain ... he put ball in Mr. Alexander 's mouth and sellotape it . alex ( sing ) ... I have a smile on my face . i'1l walk down the lane ... to a happy refrain . I be sing ... just singin ' in the rain . he knock down the book case and move to Mrs. Alexander be hold by dim . start to repeat on song as he cut slowly up each leg of she cat suit , until she be naked . this coincidence with the song finish . he turn to Mr. Alexander . alex viddy well , my little brother . viddy well . int . korova milkbar - night the boy enter yawn .. alex ( v.0 . ) we be all feel a bit shag and fag and fashed , it have be a evening of some small energy expenditure , o my brother , so we get rid of the auto and stop off at the korova for a nightcap . dim move over to milk machine and speak to the statue of the nude girl . dim hello Lucy , have a busy night ? put money in machine . dim we have be work hard too . take glass . dim pardon I . luce . he raise glass to breast , pull red handle between she leg . milk spurt into glass . dim join the other . Alex look at a party of tourist . alex ( v.0 . ) there be some sophistos from the tv studio around the corner , laugh a govoreete . the devotchka be smeck away , and not caring about the wick world one bit . then the disc on the stereo twange off and out , and in the short silence before the next one come on , she suddenly come with a burst of sing , and it be like for a moment , o my brother , some great bird have fly into the milkbar and I feel all the malenky little hair on my plott stand endwise , and the shiver crawl up like slow malenky lizard and then down again . because I know what she sing . it be a bit from the glorious 9th , by ludwig van . dim make a lip-trump follow by a dog howl , follow by two finger pronging twice in the air , follow by a clowny guffaw . Alex bring he stick down smartly on dim 's leg . dim what do you do that for ? alex for be a bastard with no manners and not a dook of a idea how to comport yourself publicwise , o my brother . dim I do not like you should do what you do . and I be not you brother no more and would not want to be . alex watch that ... do watch that , o dim , if to continue to be on live thou dost wish . dim yarbles , great bolshy yarblockos to you I will meet you with chain , or nozh or britva , any time , not have you aim tolchocks at I reasonless . it stand to reason , I will not have it . alex a nozh scrap any time you say . dim weaken . dim doobidoob ... a bit tired maybe , everybody be . a long night for grow malchick ... best not to say more . bedway be rigthways now , so best we go homeway and get a bit of spatchka . right , right . int . alex' flatblock - MAIN lobby entrance - night Alex pass a mural in the hall . nude man and woman . they massive stylize body embellish and decorate by handy pencil and ballpoint . the elevator door be buckle . int . alex be flat - night Alex pee in toilet . Alex go into he room . toss he loot into a drawer , full of money , wristwatch , camera , etc . fifty small loudspeaker cover one wall . he put he pet boa constrictor on tree branch mount on the wall , above four Christ figure who have they arm intertwined like a chorus line . he put a cassette into the tape player . a heavy shockwave of sound - Beethoven 's 9th . alex ( v.0 . ) it have be a wonderful evening and what I need now to give it the perfect end be a bit of the old ludwig van . Music start . alex ( v.0 . ) then , brother , it come . o bliss , bliss and heaven , oh it be gorgeousness and georgeosity make flesh . the trombone crunch redgold under my bed , and behind my gulliver the trumpet three - wise , silver - flame and there by the door the timp roll through my gut and out again , crunch like candy thunder . it be like a bird of rarest spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flow in a space ship , gravity all nonsense now . as I slooshied , I know such lovely picture . there be veek and ptitsas lay on the ground scream for mercy and I be smeck all over my rot and grind my boot into they torture litso and there be naked devotchka rip and creeching against wall and I plunging like a shlaga into they . int . alex be flat - day he be asleep . the boa curl up at he foot . there be a knock on the door . alex what d' you want ? em it 's past eight , Alex , you do not want to be late for school , son . alex bit of pain in the gulliver , mum . leave we be and I will try to sleep it off ... then I will be as right as dodger for this after . em you have not be to school all week , son . alex I have get to rest , mum ... get to get fit , otherwise I be liable to miss a lot more school . em eeee ... I will put you breakfast in the oven . I have get to be off myself now . alex alright , mum ... have a nice day at the factory . int . kitchen - day pee sit at breakfast table . em enter . em he 's not feel too good again this morning , dad . pee yes , I hear . d' you know what time he get in last night ? em no I do not know , love , I would take my sleeper . pee I wonder where exactly be it he go to work of evening . em well , like he say , it 's mostly odd thing he do , help like ... here and there , as it might be . int . em' bedroom - day Alex come out of he room and find p.r. deltoid sit on bed in parent 's room . alex hi , hi , hi there , Mr. deltoid , funny surprise to see you here . deltoid ah , Alex boy , awake at last , yes ? I meet you mother on the way to work , yes ? she give I the key . she say something about a pain somewhere ... hence not at school , yes ? alex a rather intolerable pain in the head , brother , sir . I think it should be clear by this afterlunch . deltoid oh , or certainly by this evening , yes ? the evening 's a great time , be not it , Alex boy ? alex a cup of the old chai , sir ? deltoid no time , no time , yes . sit , sit , sit . Alex sit next to he . alex to what do I owe this extreme pleasure , sir ? anything wrong , sir ? deltoid " playfully " grab Alex 's hair . deltoid wrong ? why should you think of anything be wrong , have you be do something you should not . yes ? he shake Alex 's hair . alex just a manner of speech , sir . deltoid well , yes , it 's just a manner of speech from you Post corrective advisor to you that you watch out , little Alex . he put he arm round Alex 's shoulder . deltoid because next time it 's go to be the barry place and all my work ruin . if you have no respect for you horrible self , you at least might have some for I who 'se sweat over you . he slap Alex on the knee . deltoid a big black mark I tell you for every one we do not reclaim . a confession of failure for every one of you who end up in the stripy hole . alex I have be do nothing I should not , sir . the millicent have nothing on I , brother , sir , I mean . deltiod pull Alex down on the bed . deltoid cut out all this clever talk about milicent . just because the Police have not pick you up lately do not , as you very well know , mean that you have not be up to some nastiness . there be a bit of a nastiness last night , yes . some very extreme nastiness , yes . a few of a certain billyboy 's friend be ambluence off late last night , yes . you name be mention , the word 's get through to I by the usual channel . certain friend of yours be name also . oh , nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual , but I be warning you , little Alex , be a good friend to you as always , the one man in this sore and sick community who want to save you from yourself . deltoid make a grab for Alex 's joint but find he hand instead . Alex laugh . derisively and rise . deltoid distractedly reach for a glass of water on the night table , and fail to notice a set of false tooth soaking in they . he drink from the glass . the clink of the tooth sounding like ice-cube . deltoid what get into you all ? we study the problem . we have be study it for damn well near a century , yes , but we get no further with we study . you have get a good home here , good loving parent , you have get not too bad of a brain . be it some devil that crawl inside of you ? alex nobody 's get anything on I , brother , sir . I have be out of the rooker of the milicent for a long time now . deltoid that 's just worry I . a bit too long to long to be reasonable . you be about due now by my reckoning , that 's why I be warning you , little Alex , to keep you handsome young proboscis out of the dirt . do I make myself clear ? alex as a unmuddied lake , sir . clear as a azure sky of deep summer . you can rely on I , sir . deltoid drink again but this time see the tooth in the glass . he groan and retch . int . music bootick - day Alex enter . two pretty micro-bopper , marty and sonietta , suck phallic ice stick . clerk exit . he step in through . alex pardon I , brother . I order this two week ago . could you see if it 's arrive . clerk ok . I will see if it 's in . Alex turn to the girl . alex pardon I , lady between they and go through the motion , look alex enjoy it then , my darling ?... a bit cold and pointless be not it , my lovely ... what 's happen to yours , my little sister ? marty giggle . int . alex be marty who you getten bratty , goggly gogol ? johnny Zhivago ? the Heaven seventeen ? alex what you get back home , little sister , to play you fuzzy warble on ? I bet you get little save pitiful portable picnic player . come with uncle and hear all proper . hear angel trumpet and devil trombone . you be invite . bedroom - day the two girl , naked , jump up and down on Alex 's still unmade bed zonk by the booming , all engulf sound of Alex 's incredible hi- fi . int . alex be flatblock - lobby hall - day Alex find the gang wait for he . alex hi , hi , hi , there all three well , hello . dim he be here ! he have arrive ! hooray ! alex welly , welly , welly , welly , welly , welly , well . to what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit ? georgie rise . georgie we get worried . there we be wait and drink away at the old knify moloko and you have not turn up and we think you might have be like offended by something or other , so around we come to you abode . alex appy polly loggy . I have something of a pain in the guliver so have to sleep . I be not awaken when I give order for awaken . dim sorry about the pain . use the guliver to much like , eh ? give order and discipline and that perhaps , eh ? you sure the pain 's go ? you sure you will not be happier back up in bed . alex let get thing nice and sparkling clear . this sarcasm , if I may call it such , do not become you , o my brother . as I be you droog and leader , I be entitle to know what go on , eh ? now then , dim , what do that great big horsy gape of a grin portend ? georgie all right , no more pick on dim , brother . that 's part of the new way . alex New way ? what 's this about a new way ? there 's be some very large talk behind my sleep back , and no error . let I hear more . georgie well , we go round shop crast and the like , come out with a pitiful rookerful of money each . dim pitiful rookerful ... georgie and there 's will the English in the muscleman coffee mesto say he can fence anything that anything that any malchick try to crast . dim yeah ... Pete the English . georgie the shiny stuff . the Ice . the big , big , big money be available 's what will the English say . dim Big , big money . alex and what will you do with the big , big , money ? have you not everything you need ? if you need a motor-car , you pluck it from the tree . if you need pretty polly , you take it . georgie brother , you think and talk sometimes like a little child . tonight we pull a mansize crast . alex good . Real horrorshow . initiative come to they as wait . I have teach you much , my little droogy . now tell I what you have in mind , georgie Boy . georgie oh , the old moloko - plus first , would you not say dim moloko-plus . georgie something to sharpen we up , you especially . we have the start . ext . flatblock marine - day the gang come out of the flatblock and walk along the marina . alex ( v.0 . ) as we walk along the flatblock marina , I be calm on the outside but think all the time , so now it be to be georgie the General , say what we should do and what not to do , and dim as he mindless , grin bulldog . but , suddenly , I viddie that think be for the gloopy one and that the oomny one use like inspiration and what bog send , for now it be lovely music that come to my aid and I viddie at once what to do . there be a window open with the stereo on . in slow motion Alex club georgie into water with he stick . dim swing chain . Alex duck . dim go into water . Alex kneel , hand behind back , take knife from sword stick , offer hand to help dim , and slashes dim when he get it . dim fall back into the water . Alex laugh . int . duke of new york pub the four boy sit round table . alex ( v.0 . ) I have not put into any of dim 's main cable and so , with the help of a clean tashtook , the red , red kroovy stop , and it do not take long to quieten the two wounded soldier , down in the snug in the Duke of New York . now they know who be master and leader . sheep , think I , but a real leader know always when like to give and show generous to he under . alex well , now we be back to where we be . yes ? just like before and all forget ? right , right , right . all boy right . right . right . alex well , georgie Boy . this idea you have get for tonight . well , tell we all about it then . georgie not tonight - not this nochy . alex come , come , come , georgie Boy . you be a big strong chelloveck like we all . we be not little child , be we , georgie Boy ? what , then , didst thou in thy mind have ? confrontation . georgie back down . georgie it 's this Health farm . a bit out of the town . isolate . it 's own by this like very rich ptitsa who life there with she cat . the place be shut down for a week and she 's completely on she own , and it 's full up with like gold and silver and like jewel . alex tell I more , georgie Boy . int . catlady house catlady do yoga exercise . room be full of cat . doorbell ring . catlady ( softly to herself ) oh shit . she go to the door . ext . catlady house catlady who 's there ? alex Excuse I , missus , can you please help ? there 's be a terrible accident . can I please use you telephone for a ambulance ? catlady I be frightfully sorry . there be a telephone in the Public House about a mile down the road . I suggest you use that . alex but , missus , this be a emergency . it 's a matter of life and death . I friend 's lie in the middle of the road bleed to death . catlady I ... I be very sorry , but I never open . I be very sorry but I never open the door to stranger after dark . alex very well , madam . I suppose you can not be blame for be suspicious with so many scoundrel and rouge of the night about . Alex walk away from door , then duck into the bush where the other be hide . they put on they masky and follow Alex round to the rear of the house . alex dim , bend down . ( Alex point to a upstairs window ) I be gonna get in that window and open the front door . he climb up drain - pipe to the bathroom window . int . cadlady house the catlady enter and dial a number . catlady hullo , radlett Police Station . good evening . it 's miss weather at woodmere Health farm . look , I be frightfully sorry to bother you but something rather odd have just happen ... well , it 's probably nothing at all , but you never know ... well , a young man ring the bell ask to use the telephone ... he say there have be some kind of accident . the thing that catch my attention be what he say - the word he use , sound exactly like what be quote in the papers this morning in connection with the writer and he wife who be assault last night ... well , just a few minute ago ... well , if you think that 's necessary , but , well , I be quite sure he 's go away now . oh ... alright . Fine . thank you very much . thank you . she put phone down , turn and nearly jump out of she leotard when she see Alex in the doorway . Alex eye a beside he . alex hi , hi , hi there , at last we meet . catlady what the bloody hell d' you think you be do ? alex we brief govereet through the letter hole be not , shall we say , satisfactory , yes ? catlady now listen here , you little bastard , just you turn around and walk out of here the same way as you come in . giant white , fibreglass phallic sculpture on the table alex naughty , naughty , naughty , you filthy old soomaka . catlady no! no ! do not touch it . that 's a very important work of art . what the bloody hell do you want ? alex you see , madam , I be part of a international student 's contest to see who can get the most point for sell magazine . catlady cut the shit , sonny , and get out of here before you get yourself in some very serious trouble . he rock the giant phallus which have a special weight swinging inside cause it to swing up and down a eccentric motion . catlady I tell you to leave it alone . now get out of here before I throw you out , wretch slummy bedbug . I will teach you break into real people 's house . get out ! she grab up a bust of Beethoven and rush at Alex . he grab the giant phallic sculpture . circle , Alex fend off she mad rush with skilful jab of the giant phallus . she duck under and clobber he with the heavy bust of Beethoven . he go down , pull she off balance and they both wind up the floor . in the struggle , Alex bashes she with the phallus . distant Police siren . he exit . ext . catldday house - night Alex rush out . dim and the other be wait . alex come on . let 's go , the police be come . dim one minoota , droogie . dim smashes Alex in the face with a full milk bottle . he go down . the other run away , laugh . alex ( scream ) you bastard ... bastard . int . police hq - night Inspector take out cigarette and light up . inspector right . right , Tom , we will have to we little friend , Alex , here that we know the law , too , but that know the law be not everything . he nod to fatneck . fatneck that 's a nasty cut you have get there , little Alex . spoil ... all you beauty . who give you that then ... eh ... eh ... he press Alex 's nose , inflict great pain . Alex sink to he knee . alex ow ... what 's that for , you bastard ? fatneck that be for you lady victim . you ghastly wretch scoundrel . Alex grab he ball . Alex be beat by the other cop . Inspector exit to outside office where sergeant sit , sip a cup of tea . deltoid have just enter . inspector sergeant . sergeant Sir . inspector ah , good evening , Mr. deltoid . deltoid even , Inspector . sergeant would you like you tea now , sir ? inspector no , thank you , sergeant . we will have it later . May I have some paper towel , please . sergeant yes , sir . inspector we be interrogate the prisoner now . perhaps you would care to come inside . deltoid thank you very much they move into interrogation room . Alex be on the floor in the corner cover with blood . deltoid even , sergeant . even , all . dear , dear , this boy do look a mess , do not he ? just look at the state of he . fatneck Love 's young nightmare like . inspector violence make violence . he resist he lawful arrestor . deltoid well , it 's happen , Alex boy , yes . just as I think it would , yes . dear , dear , dear . well , this be the end of the line for I ... the end of the line , yes . alex it be not I , brother , sir . speak up for I , sir , for I be not so bad . I be lead on by the treachery of other , sir . inspector sing the roof off lovely , he do that . alex and where be my stinking traitorous droog . get they before the get away . it be all they idea , brother . they force I to do it . I be innocent . deltoid you be now a murderer , little Alex . a murderer , yes . alex not true , sir . it be only a slight tolchock . she be breathe , I swear it . deltoid I have just come back from the hospital . you victim have die . alex you try to frighten I , sir , admit so , sir . this be some new form of torture . say it , brother , sir . deltoid it will be you own torture . I hope to God it will torture you to madness . fatneck if you would care to give he a bash in the chop , sir . do not mind we . we will hold he down . he must be a great disappointment to you , sir . deltoid spit in Alex 's face . helicopter view of prison alex ( v.0 . ) this be the real weepy and like tragic part of the story beginning , o my brother and only friend . after a trial with judge and a jury , and some very hard word speak against you friend and humble narrator , he be sentence to 14 year in staja no. 84f among smelly pervert and harden prestoopnick , the shock send my dadda beat he bruise and kroovy rookas against unfair bog in he Heaven , and my mom , boohoohoo in she mother 's grief as she only child and son of she bosom , like let everybody down real horrorshow . int . prison check -in room - day a bell ring and a warder go and unlock first a wooden door and then a bar door . guard Morning . one up from Thames , mister . warder one in from Thames , sir . chief guard right . open up , mister . warder yes , sir . he open door and step back . Alex and another warden move to reception desk . warder good morning , sir . committal sheet . chief guard ( who shout everything ) thank you , mister . he sign sheet . guard name ? alex Alexander de large . chief guard you be now in h.m. prison parkmoor and from this moment you will address all prison officer as sir ! name ? alex Alexander de large , sir . chief guard crime ? alex murder , sir . chief guard right . take the cuff off he , mister . the cuff be remove . chief guard you be now 655321 and it be you duty to memorise that number . he hand clipboard back to warder . chief guard thank you mister . well do . warder thank you , chief . chief guard let the officer out . Officer exit . chief guard right . empty you pocket ! Alex move to desk and lean forward . chief guard be you able to see that white line paint on the floor directly behind you , 655321 ? alex yes , sir . chief guard then you toe belong on the other side of iti!! alex yes sir . chief guard right carry on . Alex toss a bar of chocolate on the desk . chief guard pick that up and put it down properly . Alex do so , and continue to empty he pocket . Alex sign . chief guard one half bar of chocolate . one bunch of key on white metal ring . one packet of cigarettes . two plastic ball pen - one black , one red . one pocket comb - black plastic . one address book - imitation red leather . one ten penny piece . one white metal wristlet watch , " timawrist " on a white metal expand bracelet . anything else in you pocket ? alex no , sir . chief guard right . sign here for you valuable property . chief guard the chocolate and cigarettes you bring in - you lose that as you be now convict . now go over to the table and get undress . Alex walk to table and undress . Chief Guard move to table with he clipboard . chief guard now then , be you in Police custody this morning ? alex no , sir . check -in one jacket - blue pinstripe . chief guard prison custody ? alex yes , sir on remnd , sir . check -in one neck tie - blue . chief guard religion ? alex cc of E , sir . chief guard do you mean Church of England ? alex yes , sir , Church of England , sir . chief guard Brown hair , be it ? alex Fair hair , sir . chief guard Blue eye ? alex Blue eye , yes , sir . chief guard do you wear eye glass or contact lense ? alex no , sir . check -in one shirt - blue , collar attach . chief guard have you be receive medical treatment for any serious illness ? alex no , sir . check -in one pair of boot - black leather , zippere , wear . chief guard have you ever have any mental illness ? alex no , sir . chief guard do you wear any false tooth or false limb ? alex no , sir . check -in one pair of trousers - blue pinstripe . chief guard have you ever have any attack of fainting or dizziness ? Chief Guard alex no , sir . check -in one pair of sock - black . chief guard be you a epileptic ? alex no , sir . check -in one pair of underpant - white with blue waistband . chief guard be you now , or ever have be , a homosexual ? alex no , sir . chief guard right . the mothball , mister . check -in mothball , sir . chief guard now then . face the wall . Bend over and touch you toe . inspect Alex 's anus with a penlight . chief guard mmmmmmm ... any venereal disease ? alex no , sir . chief guard crab ? alex no , sir . chief guard lice ? alex no , sir . chief guard through there for a bath . alex yes , sir . int . prison chapel - day Priest in pulpit big rough state- proper type . convict audience . Alex sit apart tend a overhead projector . priest I ask you friend . what 's it go to be then ? be it go to be in and out of institution like this ? 0r more in then out for most of you ? or be you go to attend the divine word and realise the punishment that await unrepentant sinner in the next world as well as this . a lot of idiot you be , sell you birthright for a saucer of cold porridge . the urge to live easy . I ask you friend , be it worth it ? when we have undeniable proof - yes , my friend , incontrovertible evidence that Hell exist . I know , I know , my friend . I have be inform in vision that there be a place darker than any prison , hotter than any human flame of fire , where unrepentant criminal , sinner like yourselves ... a convict burp . all laugh . priest do not you laugh , damn you , do not you laugh . I say like yourselves - scream in endless and unendurable agony . they nostril choke with the smell of filth , they mouth cramme with burn ordure . they skin rotting and peel . a fireball spin in they scream gut . I know ... oh yes , I know . a convict let rip some lip music - prrrrrrrp . there be laughter . Chief Guard move forward - point . chief guard I see you , 920537 . I see you . convict up yours , mate . chief guard just you wait , 744678 . one on the turnip come up for you . priest quiet , my friend . quiet . quiet , I say . we will now sing hymn 258 in the prisoner 's hymnal . piano start up and Alex start up overhead projector which display the word of the hymn . chief guard show a little reverence , you bastard . quiet ! convict and all start to sing . singing I be a wander sheep . I do not love ... chief guard sing up damn you . louder , sing up . singing the fold I do not love my shepherd 's voice . I would not be control . chief guard come on , sing up , damn you . singing I be a wayward child I do not love my home I do not love my father 's voice I love afar to roam . alex ( v.0 . ) it have not be edify , indeed not , be in this hell hole and human zoo for two year now , be kick and tolchocked by brutal warder , and meeting leer criminal and pervert ready to dribble all over a lucious young malchick like you story - teller . int . priest library - day Alex read the Bible . alex ( v.0 . ) it be my rabbit to help the prison charlie with the Sunday service . he be a bolshy great burly bastard , but he be very fond of myself , I be very young , and also now very interested in the big book . Priest walk by and nod pleasantly . alex ( v.0 . ) it have be arrange by the prison charlie , as part of my further education to read he the Bible . I do not so much like the latter part of the book which be more like all preachy talk , than fight and the old in - out . I like the part where this old yahoody tolchock each other and then drink they Hebrew vino and , then get on to the bed with they wife ' handmaiden . that keep I go . bible fantasy - fighting - day biblical fight shot . Alex slashing away . blood spurting . handmaiden fantasy in tent - day Alex lie with three semi-nude handmaiden . ext . biblical STREET Christ be whipped on by Alex , dress as a legionary . alex move on there . move on . alex ( v.0 . ) I read all about the scourge and the crown with thorns and all that , and I could viddy myself help in and even take charge of the tolchock and the nail in , be dress in the height of Roman fashion . back to the library Alex sit with he eye close . Priest come over and squeeze he shoulder . Alex look up at he and smile . priest ( read from Alex 's Bible ) seek not to be like evil man , neither desire to be with they , because they mind studieth robbery and they lip speak deceit . alex if thou lose hope be weary in the day of distress , thy strength shall be diminish . priest Fine , my boy , fine , fine . alex Father , I have try , have I not ? priest you have , my son . alex I have do my best , have I not ? priest indeed . alex and , Father , I have never be guilty of any institutional infraction , have I ? priest you certainly have not , 655321 . you have be very helpful , and you have show a genuine desire to reform . alex Father - may I ask you a question in private ? priest certainly , my son , certainly . be there something troubling you , my son ? do not be shy to speak up . remember , I know all the urge that can trouble young man deprive of the society of woman . alex no Father . it 's nothing like that , Father . it 's about this new thing they be all talk about . about this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and make sure you never get back in again . priest where do you hear about this ? whose be talk about this thing ? alex this thing get around , Father . two warder talk as it might be , and somebody can not help overhear what they say . then somebody pick up a scrap of newspaper in the workshop and the newspaper tell all about it . how about put I in for this new treatment , Father ? priest I take it you be refer to the ludovico technique ? alex I do not know what it 's call , Father , all I know be that it get you out quickly and make sure that you never get in again . priest that 's not prove , 655321 . in fact , it be only in the experimental stage at this moment . alex but it be be use , be not it , Father ? priest it have not be use yet in this prison . the Governor have grave doubt about it and I have hear that there be very serious danger involved . alex I do not care about the danger , Father . I just want to be good . I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness . priest the question be weather or not this technique really make a man good . goodness come from within . goodness be choose . when a man cannot choose , he cease to be a man . alex I do not understand about the why and wherefore , Father . I only know I want to be good . priest be patient , my son , and put you trust in the Lord . alex instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul . priest amen . they cross themselves . ext . prison yard - day prisoner walk in circle . int . prison corridor Guards stand either side of cell door . Chief Guard with Governor , Minister and entourage . chief guard mister . guard all present and correct , sir . chief guard right . all present and correct , sir . governor very good , Chief . they inspect cell . ext . prison Chief Guard chief guard leave to carry on , sir , please ? governor carry on , Chief . chief guard Sir . yard come out of door . chief guard right , pay attention . I want you in two line . up against that wall face this way . go on move ! hurry up about it and stop talk . the man line up . Chief Guard move back to door and come to attention . chief guard ready for inspection , sir . he stand back and salute as Governor , Minister and entourage enter and walk along line of man . minister how many to a cell ? governor four in this block , sir . minister cram criminal together and what do you get - concentrate criminality ... crime in the midst of punishment . governor I agree , sir . what we need be larger prison . more money . Alex seize minister not a chance , my dear fellow . the ggovernment can not be concerned any longer with outmode penological theory . soon we may be need all of out prison space for political offender . common criminal like this be best deal with on a purely curative basis . kill the criminal reflex that 's all . full implementation in a year 's time . punishment mean nothing to they , you can see that ... they enjoy they so-called punishment . he chance as they pass by . alex you be absolutely right , sir . chief guard shut you bleedin ' hole !!! minister who say that ? alex I do , sir . minister what crime do you commit . alex the accidental kill of a person , sir . chief guard he brutally murder a woman , sir , in furtherence of theft . 14 year ... sir ! minister excellent . he 's enterprise , aggressive , outgo . young. bold . viscous . he will do . governor well , fine ... we could still look at C - block . minister no , no , no . that 's enough . he 's perfect . I want he record send to I . this vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition . alex thank you very much for this chance , sir . minister let 's hope you make the most of it , my boy . governor shall we go to my office ? minister thank you . int . governor's office - day Governor seat at he desk . there be a knock on the door . governor come in . door open . Chief Guard enter with Alex . chief guard Sir , 655321 , sir . governor very good , Chief . Chief Guard turn to Alex . chief guard forward to the white line , toe behind it . full name and number to the Governor . Chief Guard close door . alex Alexander de large , sir. 655321 , sir . the Governor take off he glass . governor I do not suppose you know who that be this morning , do you ? that be no less a personage than the Minister of the Interior and what they call a very new broom . well , this new ridiculous idea have come at last , and order be order , though I may say to you in confidence that I do not approve . a eye for a eye , I say , if someone hit you , you hit back , do you not ? why then should not the State very severely hit by you brutal offender not hit back also ? but the new view be to say no . the new view be that we turn the bad into good . all of which seem to be grossly unjust . hmmmmmm . alex Sir ... chief guard shut you filthy hole , you scum !!! governor you be to be reform . tomorrow you go to this man , brodsky . you will be leave here . you will be transfer to the ludovico Medical facility . it be believe that you will be able to leave State custody in a little over a fortnight . I suppose that prospect please you ? chief guard answer when the Governor ask you a question you filthy young swine ! alex oh yes , sir . thank you very much , sir . I have do my best here I really have , sir . I be very grateful to all concerned . governor sign this - where it 's mark . Alex turn the paper to read it . chief guard do not read it - sign it ! governor it say that you be willing to have the residue of you sentence commute to the ludovico treatment . Alex sign . Governor gather up papers . Alex dot the last " i " and smile . int . ludovico centre reception desk - day alex ( v.0 . ) the next morning I be take to the ludovico Medical facility , outside the town centre , and I feel a malenky bit sad have to say goodbye to the old staja , as you always will when you leave a place you have like get use to . Chief Guard briskly lead the way for Alex and escort . they move into reception hall where the Doctor stand . chief guard ( shouting like a rsm ) right . halt the prisoner . good morning , sir , I be Chief Officer barne . I have get 655321 on a transfer from parkmoor to the ludovico Centre , sir ! doctor good morning , we have be expect you . I be Dr. alcott . Chief Guard check the name from he clipboard . chief guard yes , Dr. alcott . be you prepare to accept the prisoner , sir ? doctor yes , of course . chief guard well , I wonder if you would mind signing this transfer document , sir . Doctor sign . chief guard thank you , sir . there , sir ... there , and there , sir ... and there . thank you , sir . prison escort move forward . halt . Excuse I , sir . be that the officer that be to take charge of the prisoner , sir ? Doctor nod . Officer step forward . chief guard if I might offer a word of advice , Doc . you will have to watch this one . a right brutal bastard he have be , and will be again . in spite all he suck up to the prison chaplain and read the Bible . doctor oh , I think we can manage thing . Charlie , will you show the young man to he room now . charlie right , sir . come this way , please . Alex exit with Officer . int . alex be room - ludovico centre - day Alex finish breakfast tray in bed . room bright and cheery . Dr. Branom , a tall woman in she fifty , enter with nurse carry a sterile tray . dr . branom ( very briskly ) good morning , Alex , my name be Dr. Branom . I be Doctor brodsky 's assistant . she remove she insert alex good Morning , missus . Lovely day , be not it ? dr . branom indeed it be . May I take this he tray . dr . branom how're you feel this morning ? alex Fine ... fine . dr . branom good . in a few minute , you will meeting Dr. brodsky and we will begin you treatment . you be a very lucky boy to have be choose . alex I realise all that , missus , and I be very grateful to all concerned . dr . branom we be go to friend now , sir . alex I hope so , missus . a needle into the medicine vial . alex ( cont 'd ) what 's the hypo for then ? go to send I to sleep ? dr . branom oh no , nothing of the sort . alex vitamin will it be then ? dr . branom something like that . you be a little undernourished , so after each meal be go to give you a shot . Roll over on you right side please , loosen you pajama pants and pull they half - way down . he do , somewhat reluctanly . she give he a shot in the bum . alex what exactly be the treatment here go to be then ? dr . branom it 's quite simple really . be just go to show you some film . alex you mean like go to the picture ? dr . branom something like that . alex well , that 's good . I like to viddy the old film now and again . int . audio visual ludovico centre - day auditorium set . Alex be bound in a examination chair in front of a large video screen . a white - coat technician be strapping Alex 's head to a medical device . he then carefully attaches the eyelid lock to Alex 's eye . alex ( v.0 . ) and viddy film I would . where I be take to , brother , be like no cine I would be in before . I be bound up in a straight - jacket and my guliver be strapped to a headrest with like wire run away from it . then they clamp like lidlock on my eye so I could not shut they no matter how hard I try . it seem a bit crazy to I , but I let they get on with what they want to get on with . if I be to be a free young malchick in a fortnight 's time , I would put up with much in the meantime , my brother . at the back of the auditorium be ten or fifteen solemn medical professional in white coat watch the proceedings and occasionally take note . a film begin show on the screen . the technician drop eyedrop into Alex 's eye . violence film man be beat by four tough wear white . punch , kick , grunt , blood . alex ( v.0 . ) so far the first film be a very good professional piece of cine , look like it be do in Hollywood . scream , moan , kick , punch . alex ( v.0 . ) the sound be real horroshow . you could slooshy the scream and moan very realistic and you could even get the heavy breathe and panting of the tolchock malchick at the same time . and then , what do you know , soon we dear old friend , the red , red vino on tap . the same in all place like it 's put out by the same big firm , begin to flow . it be beautiful . it 's funny how the color of the real world only seem really real when you viddy they on a screen . more kick , punch , groan , thump . girl be beat , rape by six tough . scream , music , laugh , grunt , heavy breathe . alex ( v.0 . ) now all the time I be watch this , I be beginning to get very aware of like not feel all that well , but I try to forget this , concentrate on the next film , which jump right away on a young devotchka , who be be give the old in - out , in - out , first by one malchick , then another , then another . this seem real , very real , though if you think about it properly you could not imagine lewdie actually agree to have all this do to they in a film , and if this film be make by the good , or the State , you could not imagine they be allow to take this film , without like interfere with what be go on . girl be rape . alex ( v.0 . ) when it come to the sixth or seventh malchick , leer and smeck and then go into it , I begin to feel really sick . but I could not shut my glazzy and even if I try to move my glazball about I still not get out of the line of fire of this picture . Alex squirming and retching . Dr. brodsky clear he throat and quietly address he collegue seat in the back of the room . dr . brodsky very soon now the drug will cause the subject to experience a death -like paralysis together with deep feeling of terror and helplessness . one of we earlier test subject describe it as be like death , a sense of stifling and drown , and it be during this period we have find the subject will make he most reward association between he catastrophic experience and environment and the violence he see . Alex retching violently and struggle against he strait jacket . int . alex be alex let I be sick ... I want to get up . get I something to be sick in ... stop the film ... please stop it ... I can not stand it any more . stop it please ... please . room - ludovico - day dr . branom well , that be a very promise start . by my calculation , you should be start to feel alright again . yes ? Dr. brodsky 's pleased with you . now tomorrow there will be two session , of course , morning and afternoon . alex you mean , I have to viddy two session in one day ? dr . branom I imagine you will be feel a little bit limp by the end of the day . but we have to be hard on you . you have to be cure . alex but it be horrible . dr . branom well , of course , it be horrible . violence be a very horrible thing . that 's what you be learn now . you body be learn it . alex I just do not understand about feel sick the way I do . I never use to feel sick before . I use to feel like the very opposite . I mean , do it or watch it , I use to feel real horrorshow . I just do not understand why , how or what . dr . branom you feel ill this afternoon because you be get better . you see , when we be healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea . you be become healthy that 's all . by this time tomorrow you will be healthier still . int . audio visual ludovico centre - day Alex retching and scream - restrain again by a straight - jacket . alex ( v.0 . ) it be the next day , brother , and I have truly do my best , morning and afternoon , to play it they way and sit like a horrorshow co-operative malchick in the chair of torture , while they flashed nasty bit of ultra-violence on the screen . ; though not on the soundtrack , my brother . the only sound be music . then I notice in all my pain and sickness what music it be that like crack and boom . it be ludwig van - 9th symphony , 4th movement . alex stop it ... stop it , please !!! I beg of you !!! it 's a sin !!! it 's a sin !!! it 's a sin , please !!! brodsky lean forward and turn down the sound . dr . brodsky what 's all this about sin ? alex that !... use ludwig van like that ! he do no harm to anyone . Beethoven just write music . dr . branom be you refer to the background score ? alex yes !!! dr . branom you have hear Beethoven before ? alex yes !!! dr . brodsky you be keen on music ? alex yes !!! dr . branom ( quietly ) what do you think about that , Dr. brodsky ? dr . brodsky ( softly ) it can not be help . here 's you punishment element perhaps . the Governor ought to be pleased ... I be sorry , Alex , this be for you own good , you will have to bear with we for a while . alex you need not take it any further , sir . you have prove to I that all this ultra - violence and kill be wrong and terribly wrong . I have learn my lesson , sir . I see now what I have never see before I be cure , praise bog ! dr . brodsky you be not cure yet , my boy . dr . brodsky you must take you chance boy . the choice have be all yours . alex but , Sir ... missus ... I see that it 's wrong ! it 's wrong because it 's like against like society . it 's wrong because everybody have the right to live and be happy without be tolchocked and knife . dr . brodsky no , no , boy . you really must leave it to we , but be cheerful about it . in less than a fortnight now , you will be a free man . int . auditorium - day VIP audience include Minister , junior Minister , prison Governor , Priest , Dr. Branom , Dr. brodsky . dress in street clothes Alex enter lead by a white - coat technician . he be lead onto stage and leave stand there , blink into light . the Minister rise and walk to the front of the auditorium . minister lady and gentlemen , at this point , we introduce the subject himself . he be , as you will perceive , fit and well nourish . he come straight from as night 's sleep and a good breakfast , undrugge , unhypnotize . tomorrow , we send he with confidence out into the world again , as decent a lad as you would meet on a May morning . what a change be here , lady and gentlemen , from the wretch hoodlum the state commit to unprofitable punishment some two year ago , unchange after two year . unchange , do I say - not quite . prison teach he a false smile , the rubbed hand of hypocrisy , the fawn , grease , obsequious leer . other vice prison teach he as well as confirm he in that he have long practice before . we party promise to restore law and order and to make the street safe for the ordinary peace loving citizen . this pledge be now about to become a reality . lady and gentlemen , this be a historic moment . the problem of criminal violence be soon to be a thing of the past . but enough of word - action speak louder than . action now . observe all . he return to he seat and lean close to he junior Minister . junior minister we neck be out a long way on this , Minister . minister I have complete faith in brodsky . if the poll be right , we have nothing to lose . light be dimme . enter lardface , a elegantly dress fag . lardface hello , heap of dirt . pooh , you do not wash much do you , judge by the horrible smell . alex why do you say that , brother ? I have a shower this morning . lardface oh , he have a shower this morning . you try to call I a liar ? alex no , brother . what d' you want ? lardface what do I want ? alex sorry , brother . I do not mean any offence . lardface oh . oh , you be sorry be you , well you must think I be awfully stupid . he slap Alex in the face . alex why do you do that , brither ? I have never do wrong to you . lardface you want to know why I do that , well you see - I do that ... he stamp on Alex 's foot . lardface and this ... he pull Alex 's nose . lardface and that ... he pull Alex 's ear , push he off balance and plant he foot on he chest . lardface because I do not like you horrible type , do I , and if you want to start something ... if you want to start ... go on ... well , you just start . please do . Alex retching . alex I be gonna be sick . lardface you be gonna be sick be you ? alex I wanna be sick . lardface you wanna be sick ? alex let I get up . lardface you wanna get up ? well , you have gotta you see ... well I want you to lick it . go on ... lick it . Alex , gag and cough , lick the sole of he shoe . lardface ... and again ... go on !!! again ! there 's a good boy . alex ( v.0 . ) and , o my brother , would you believe you faithful friend and long suffer narrator push out he red yahzik a mile and a half to lick the grahzny , vonny boot . the horrible kill sickness have woosh up and turn the like joy of battle into a feel I be go to snuff it . Minister rise . minister enough ! that will do very well . thank you . lardface do lead - man-bows . a smatter of applause . lardface thank you very much , lady and gentlemen ... thank you . Alex on floor - still retching . a beautiful nude girl enter . Alex look up slowly . alex ( v.0 . ) she come towards I with the light like it be the like light of heavenly grace , and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver be that I would like to have she right down there on the floor with the old in - out , real savage . but quick as a shot come the sickness , like a detective that have be watch around the corner and now follow to make he arrest . Alex retching . Minister rise . minister thank you very much . thank you my dear . girl bow and exit to loud applause . minister not feel too bad now be you ? alex ( pullimg himself together ) no , sir , I feel really great . minister good . alex be I alright , sir ? do I do well , sir ? minister Fine . absolutely fine . you see , lady and gentlemen we subject be , you see , impell towards good by paradoxically be impell toward evil . the intention to act violently be accompany by strong feeling of physical distress . to counter this , the subject have to switch to a diametrically oppose attitude . any question ? Priest rise and move to Alex . priest Choice ! the boy have no real choice , have he ? self interest , fear of physical pain drive he to that grotesque act of self abasement . its insincerity be clearly to be see . he cease also to be a creature capable of moral choice . minister padre , this be subtlety . we be not concerned with motive , with the higher ethic ; we be concerned only with cut down crime . and with relieving the ghastly congestion in we prison ... he will be you true Christian , ready to turn the other cheek . ready to be crucify rather than crucify , sick to the very heart at the think even of kill a fly . reclamation , joy before the angel of God . the point be that it work ! applause . ext . flatblock Alex walk carry he prison parcel wrap in brown paper . int . alex' flat ma , pa and Joe the lodger read newspaper . headline - all Alex . Alex enter quietly . loud radio music from sit room prevent anyone from hearing he . he enter he win room which be the first off the hall . alex hi. hi. hi , there my pee and em . all three look up startle . em Alex . alex ( to he mother ) hullo love , how be you ? ( kiss she ) Nice to see you , dad . pee hullo lad . what a surprise , good to see you . alex keeping fit then ? pee ( very ill at ease ) Fine , fine . alex well , how be you then ? pee oh fine , fine . keeping out of trouble , you know . alex well - I be back . pee ( with feign enthusiasm ) aye . glad to see you back , lad . em why do not you let we know what be happen , son ? alex sorry , em , I want it to be like ... a big surprise for you and pee . pee well , it 's a surprise all right , a bit bewilder too . em we have only just read about it in the morning papers . pee aye . you should have let we know , lad , not that we be not very pleased to see you again . all cure too , eh ? alex that 's right , dad they do a great job on my gulliver , I be completely reform . Alex Alex same Alex Alex more pee aye . alex ( look in the kitchen ) well , still the same old place then , eh ? pee oh , aye , aye . alex ( fake whisper ) hey , dad , there 's a strange fella sit on the sofa there munchy - wunch lomtick of toast . pee aye , that 's Joe . he ... ummmm , life here now . the lodger . that 's what he be ... he ... he rent you room . confront joe. alex how do you do , Joe ? find the room comfortable , do you ? no complaint ? joe I have hear about you . I know what you have do . break the heart of you poor grieve parent . so you be back ? you be back to make a life of misery for you lovely parent , be that it ? well , over my dead corpse you will , because you see , they have let I be more like a son to they than like a lodger . cock he fist and start to retch violently , almost at the moment Joe drop back on the couch next to em . em Joe ! Joe ! do not fight here boy ! burp and retch . joe oh , please . do put you hand over you mouth , it 's bloody revolting . violently ill . pee well , what 's the matter lad , be you feel alright ? em dad ... it 's the treatment . retching . joe well , it 's disgusting . it put you off you food . em leave he be , Joe . it 's the treatment . pee d' you think we should do something ? em would you like I to make you a nice cup of tea , son ? alex no thanks , mum . it will pass in a minute ... ( after a pause ) . what have you do with all my own personal thing ? pee well . that be all take away , son , by the Police . New regulation about compensation for the victim . alex what about basil ? where 's my snake ? pee oh well , he meet with like a accident . he pass away . Alex become a bit weepy . alex what 's gonna happen to I then ? I mean that 's my room he 's in - there 's no deny that . this be my home also . what suggestion have you , my pee and em , to make ? pee well , all this need think about , son . I mean we can not very well just kick Joe out ... not just like that , can we ? I mean Joe be here do a job . a contract it be , two year . well , we make like a arrangement , do not we Joe ? you see , son , Joe 's pay next month 's rent already so , well , whatever we do in the future , we cant just say to Joe to get out , now can we ? joe no , there 's much more than that , though . I mean I have get you two to think of . I mean you be more like a mother and father to I . well , it would not be fair now , would it , for I to go off and leave you two to the tender mercy of this young monster who 's be like no real son at all . look , let he go off and find a room somewhere . let he learn the error of he way , and that a bad boy like he 's be do not deserve such a good mum and dad as he 's have . alex alright . I see how thing be now . I have suffer and I have suffer , and I have suffer and everybody want I to go on suffer . joe you have make other suffer . it 's only fair that you should suffer proper . you know I have be tell everything you have do , sit here at night round the family table , pretty shocking it be to listen to . it make I real sick , a lot of it do . now look what you have go and do to you mother . em burst into tear . alex so that 's the way it be then , eh ? that 's the way it be . right , I be leave now , you will not ever viddy I no more . I will make my own way . thank you very much . let it lie heavy on you conscience . Alex exit . pee ( shouting after he ) now do not take it like that son . em boohoohoo , Joe comfort she . ext . ambankment - day Alex walk along the Thames embankment still hold he paper parcel . tramp enter . the same man beat by Alex and he gang earlier in the film . tramp can you spare I some cutter , I brother ? can you spare some cutter , I brother ? Alex , without look at he , reach in he pocket and give he some money . tramp oh , thankyou , you honour . the tramp take a second look at Alex . tramp jamey mack ! be the hokey fly ! Holy mother of God ! all the Holy angel and bless saint in Heaven preserve we . Alex break away but the tramp toddle alongside he . tramp I never forget a face ! I never forget any face , be God ! alex leave I alone , brother . I have never see you before . tramp shout to other meth drinker and tramp . tramp this be the poisonous young swine that near do I in . him and he friend beat I and kick I and thumped I . Alex break away again . tramp stop he ! stop he ! a leg be stick out and Alex go down . the tramp swarm all over he . tramp they laugh at I blood and I moan . this murderous young pig be a prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young . he be in we midst and at we mercy . give it to he . that 's it . Old tramp begin to beat at Alex . alex ( v.0 . ) then there be like a sea of dirty , smelly old man try to get at you humble narrator , with they feeble rooker and horny old claw . it be Old Age have a go at youth and I dare not do a single solitary thing , 0 my brother , it be better to be hit at like that , than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain . the tramp crowd round Alex , shouting . tramp Young hooligan ... vagabound ... kill he ... villain ... toad ... bastard ... kick he tooth in ... near kill poor old Jack , he do . Police move in and push off crowd . first policeman alright , stop it now . second policeman alright , stop it now . alright ! come on . stop break the State peace . you naughty boy . alright , that 's enough . Alex look up . alex oh , no . dim well , well , well , well , well , well , well , if it be not little Alex . Long time no viddy , droog . how go ? surprise be you ? alex impossible ... I do not believe it . georgie evidence of the old glazzy . nothing up we sleeve . no magic , little Alex ? a job for two , who be now of job age . the police . ext . country road - day Police landrover drive up . Alex be pull out by georgie and dim and hustle up a desert lane . dim come on , Alex . come for walky . hahahahaha . alex come , come , my little droogy . I just do not get this at all . the old day be dead and go . for what I do in the past I have be punish . dim be punish , yeah ? alex I have be cure . dim be cure , yeah , that be read out to we . the Inspector read all that out to we . he say it be a very good way . alex I just do not get this all . it be they that go for I , brother . you be not on they side and can not be . you can not be dim . it be someone we fillied with back in the old day ... try to get he own malenky bit of revenge after all this time . you remember , dim ? dim Long time , be right . I do not remember they day too horrorshow . do not call I dim no more , either . Officer , call I . georgie enough be remember though , little Alex . dim and georgie laugh . they drag Alex to a low water through . dim this be to make sure you stay cure . georgie hit Alex in the stomach with he blackjack . then , they push he head under the water and methodically start to beat he with they blackjack . after a full minute of this , they drag he out , halt - drown , dim ( laugh ) be viddying you some more , some time Alex . ext . " home " - night - heavy rain Alex stumble up the road to the entrance gate . alex ( v.0 . ) where be I to go , who have no home and no money . I cry for meself , Home , Home , Home . it be Home I be want and it be Home I come to , brother , not realise in the state I be in , where I be and have be before . Alex stumble and crawl to the door . int . " home " - night Mr. Alexander at he typewriter . Julian a 6 '4 " - heavyweight weight - lifter lie across a exercise bench work with bar-bell . the door bell ring . mr . alexander who on earth could that be ? julian I will see who it be . he go to the door . julian yes , what be it ? no reply . he open the door . Alex fall into the hall . alex ( barely audible ) help . help I ... help I ... Police . Julian pick he up like a child and carry he into the live room . int . " home " - live room - night alex ( v.0 . ) and would you believe it , o my brother and only friend , there be you faithful narrator be hold helpless , like a babe in arm , and suddenly realise where I be and why home on the gate have look so familiar . but I know I be safe . I know he would not rememeber I for , in that carefree day , I and my so-called droog wear we masky which be like real horrorshow disguise . julian Frank , I think this young man need help . mr . alexander dear , dear , dear . whatever happen to you , my boy ? Mr. Alexander , now confine to a wheelchair , push himself away from he desk , and roll up to Julian . the water drip off Alex 's clothes . they look at each other . alex the police ... the horrible ghastly Police . they beat I up , sir . the Police beat I up , sir . Mr. Alexander stare at he . it become aparent he be insane . mr. alexander I know who you be ! be not it you picture in the newspaper ? do not I see you this morning on the video ? be you not the poor victim of this horrible new technique ? alex yes , sir , that 's exactly who I be , sir ... and what I be ... a victim , sir . Mr. Alexander become frenzied as the speech progress . mr . alexander then , by God , you have be send here by providence . torture in prison , then throw out to be torture by the Police . my heart go out to you , poor , poor boy . oh , you be not the first to come here in distress . the Police be fond of bring they victim to the outskirt of this village . but it be providential that you , who be also another kind of victim , should come here . but you be cold and shiver . Julian , draw a bath for this young man . julian certainly , Frank . he carry Alex off . alex thank you very much , sir . God bless you , sir . Alexander bite he hand . int . " home " - bathroom Alex soak , eye close , in a hot tub . after a while he begin softly sing to himself : " singin ' in the rain " . int . " home " - live room - day Mr. Alexander be hunch over the phone , talk in hoarse whipser . the door to the bathroom be right behind he . while he speak Mr. Alexander throw nervous glance over he shoulder . mr. alexander I tell you , sir , they have turn this young man into something other than a human be . he have no power of choice any more . he 's commit to socially acceptable act , a little machine capable only of good ... he can be the most potent weapon imaginable to ensure that the government be not return at the next election . the government 's great boast , as you know sir , be the way they have deal with crime in the last few month . recruiting brutal young rough into the police , propose debilitation and will - sapping technique of conditioning . oh , we have see it all before in other country the thin end of the wedge . before we know where we be we shall have the full apparatus of totalitarianism . this young boy be a live witness to this diabolical proposal . the people - the common people - must know ... must see ! there be rare tradition of liberty to defend . the tradition of liberty mean all . the common people will let it go ! oh , yes - they will sell liberty for a quieter life . that be why they must be lead , sir , drive ... push !!! thank you very much , sir . he will be here . tremble with excitement and madness , Mr. Alexander hang up the phone . his eye , shiny with anticipation . then , suddenly , he become aware of Alex 's voice come from the other side of the - bathroom Alex in bath , sing . alex I be sing in the rain , just sing in the rain ... mr . alexander his face horribly distort in a homeric rage . - night Alex , alone , in complete silence . eat a large plate of spaghetti . the giant , Julian , appear , carry Mr. Alexander in he wheelchair . he deposit he at the table . alex good evening , sir . mr. alexander ( very weird ) good evening . alex it be very kind of you to leave this out for I , sir . there be no - one around when I finish my bath , so I start . I hope that 's alright , sir . mr . alexander ( too loud - voice out of control ) of course . food alright ? alex great , sir . great . mr . alexander try the wine ! alex thank you very much , sir . cheer suddenly the think occur to Alex that the wine may be drugge or poison . alex wo not you join I , sir ? mr . alexander no , my health do not allow it . alex ( to Julian ) and you , sir ? julian no thank you . Alex , stalling for time , reach for bottle and read the label . alex 1960 , chateau , Saint estephe , medoc , very good brand , sir . he do not get a penny 's change for he remark from Alexander and Julian . he hold the glass up to the light . alex very good colour , sir . smell mouse , too . very good number , sir . very good . here 's to it . he downs the glass . alex very refresh , sir , very refresh . mr. alexander ( very arch ) I be so pleased you appreciate good wine . have another glass ! alex thank you , sir . mr . alexander my wife ... Alex freeze . mr . alexander use to do everything for I and leave I to my write . alex you wife , sir ? have she go away ? mr . alexander no . she 's dead ! alex I be sorry to hear about that , sir . his face contort in rage . mr . alexander she be very badly rape , you see . we be assault by a gang of vicious young hooligan in this house , in this very room you be sit in now . I be leave a helpless cripple . the doctor say it be pneumonia , because it happen some month later during the ' flu epidemic . the doctor tell I it be pneumonia , but I know what it be . a victim of the modern age , poor , poor girl . suddenly he mood change . he wheel right up to Alex . mr . alexander and now you , another victim of the modern age . but you can be help . I phone some friend while you be have a bath . alex phone some friend , sir ? mr . alexander yes . they want to help . alex help I , sir ? mr . alexander help you . alex who be they , sir ? mr . alexander they be very , very important people and they be interested in you . Bell ring . Julian rise , mr . alexander Julian . this will be this people now . Alex get up . alex look , sir . I be sorry to have troubled you . I think I ought to be go , sir . Julian bar the way . mr . alexander no , no my boy . no trouble at all . Alex slowly sit . mr . alexander have another glass of wine . he pour . Alex pick up glass and take a drink . int . " home " - night dolin and rubinstein enter with Julian . dolin ( genial ) hullo , Frank . mr . alexander good evening , sir . rubinstein Frank . dolin so this be the young man ? alex how do you do , sir ? dolin hullo . alex missus . very pleased to meet you . rubinstein hullo . dolin I hope you forgive we for come over at this ungodly hour , but we hear from Frank that you be in some trouble so we come over to see if we could be of any help . alex very kind of you , sir . thank you very much . dolin I understand that you have a rather unfortunate encounter with the Police tonight . alex yes , sir . I suppose you might call it that , sir . dolin hahaha , and how be you feel now ? alex much better , thank you , sir . dolin feel like talk to we . answer a few question ? alex Fine , sir , fine . dolin well , as I have say , we have hear about you . we be interested in you case . we want to help you . alex thank you very much , sir . dolin but first we would like to find out a few thing about you . alex what would you like to know , sir ? dolin well , shall we get down to it ? alex yes , sir . rubinstein take out a notebook . rubinstein the newspaper mention that in addition to you be condition against act of sex and violence , you have inadvertently be condition against music . alex well , er , I think that be something that they have not plan for , you see , missus , I be very fond of music and always have be , especially Beethoven , ludwig van ... Beethoven . b... E ... E ... he lean over and look at she write in notebook . rubinstein it 's alright , thank you . alex and it just so happen that while they be show I a particularly bad film , of like a concentration camp , the background music be play Beethoven . rubinstein so now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence ? alex oh well , it 's ... it 's not all music you see , missus . it 's just the 9th . rubinstein you mean Beethoven 's 9th symphony ? alex that 's right . er ... I can not listen to the 9th any more at all . when I hear the 9th , I get like this funny feel . rubinstein when you say this funny feel , you mean the state of mind bring on by the treatment they give you ? alex that be correct , sir . and then all I can think about be like try to snuff it . rubinstein I beg you pardon ? alex snuff it , sir ... um ... death , I mean , missus ... er ... I just want to die peacefully like with no ... pain . rubinstein do you feel that way now ? alex um ... oh no , sir , not exactly , I still feel very miserable , very much down in spirit . rubinstein do you still feel suicidal ? alex um ... well , put it this way ... I feel very low in myself . I can not see much in the future , and I feel that any second something terrible be go to happen to I . he pitch forward , face into the plate of spaghetti . rubinstein well do , Frank . Julian , get the car , will you please ? int . hi - FI room - dawn Alexander sit look up . rubinstein , Julian and dolin also listen to Beethoven play loudly on tape recorder . int . dolin' house - prisoner bedroom - day the 9th symphony booming up through the floor . Alex slowly regains consciousness . alex ( v.0 . ) I wake up . the pain and sickness all over I like a animal . then I realise what it be . the music come up from the floor be we old friend , ludwig van and the dread 9th symphony . he stagger to the door . it be lock . he kick and tug the door . alex open the door ... turn it off ... turn it off . CUT to : the billiard room below hi- fi gear laid out on the table . large speaker face upwards . Mr. Alexander tremble and twitches . he be now completely mad . the other merely wait , coolly . int . dolin' house - prisoner bedroom - day Alex on he knee . his hand cup over he ear , bang he head on the floor . then he stop and slowly straighten up , stare at the window . alex ( v.0 . ) suddenly I viddie what I have to do , and what I have want to do - and that be to do myself in , to snuff it , to blast off forever out of this wick cruel world . one moment of pain perhaps and then sleep - forever and ever and ever . ext . window - dawc Alex leap out of the window . int . hospital ward Alex in bed . camera slowly track along length of he body . everything be bandage and plaster splint , wire cage , blood drip . alex ( v.0 . ) I jump , o my brother , and I fall hard but I do not snuff it , oh no . if I have snuffed it , I would not be here to tell what I have tell . I come back to life , after a long , black , black gap of what might have be a million year . we hear Alex moan , and then another moan . Alex and the other - a few time . suddenly , some curtain which have be draw around another bed in the ward be parte , and a nurse hurry to Alex , hastily buttone up she uniform . she be trail by a young intern fumble with he trousers . nurse oh , he 's recover conscienceness , Doctor . int . hospital - day em and pee sit around the bed . pee hullo , lad . em hullo , son , how be you ? pee be you feel better ? alex what give , o myee p and em , what make you think you be welcome ? em sob . pee comfort she . em sob . pee there , there mother , it 's alright . he do not mean it . you be in the papers again , son . it say they have do great wrong to you . it say how the government drive you to try and do yourself in ... and when you think about it , son ... maybe it be we fault too in a way ... you home 's you home when it 's all say and do , son . int . hospital psychiatrist wheel trolley to Alex 's bed . he be sit up . alex good morning , missus . dr . taylor how be you feel today ? alex Fine . Fine . dr . taylor good . I be doctor Taylor . alex I have not see you before . dr . taylor I be you psychiatrist . alex psychiatrist ? huh , do I need one ? dr . taylor just part of hospital routine . alex what be we go to do ? talk about I sex life ? dr . taylor no ... I be go to show you some slide and you be go to tell I what you think about they alright ? alex ohhh ... jolly good . perhaps you can explain I something to I first . dr . taylor yes ? alex well , when I be all like ashamed up and half awake and unconscious like , I keep have this dream like all this doctor be play around with I gulliver . you know ... like the inside of I brain . I seem to have this dream over and over again . d' you think it mean anything ? dr . taylor patient who have sustained the kind of injury you have often have dream of this sort . it 's all part of the recovery process . alex oh . dr . taylor now then , each of this slide need a reply from one of the people in the picture . you will tell I what you think the person would say . alright ? alex righty , right . the doctor read aloud the dialogue print in the cartoon balloon - a peacock . Alex laugh . dr . taylor be not the plumage beautiful ? alex I just say what the other person would say ? dr . taylor yes . yes , well do not think about it too long , just say the first thing that pop into you mind . alex right ... knicker ... cabbage ... it do not have a beak . slide of woman speak to boy . dr . taylor good . the boy you alway quarrel with be seriously ill . alex that 's right and I will smash you face for you , yarblockos . slide of watch shop . dr . taylor good . it wa you fault ... you sell I a crummy watch . I want my money back . alex bollock . you know what you can do with that watch ? you can stick it up you arse . slide of nude woman in bed , a man at the window . dr . taylor good . what do you want ? alex Excuse I , missus . no time for the old in - out , I have just come to read the meter . slide of bird 's nest with egg . dr . taylor good . you can do whatever you like with this . alex eggiwegs . I would like to smash them . pick up th elot and f... owww ... he slam he hand down and cry out with pain . alex Fucking hell ... dr . taylor Fine . well , that 's all there be to it . be you alright ? alex I hope so . be that the end then ? dr . taylor yes . alex I be quite enjoy that . dr . taylor good . I be glad alex how many do I get right ? dr . taylor it 's not that kind of a test . but you seem well on the way to a complete recovery . alex and when do I get out of here then ? dr . taylor I be sure it will not be long now . int . hospital - day Alex sit up , be feed by nurse . alex ( v.0 . ) so I wait and , o my brother , I get a lot better munch away at eggiweg , and lomtick of toast and lovely steakiweak and then , one day , they say I be go to have a very special visitor . Doctor enter follow by Minister and matron . minister good evening , my boy . alex hi , hi , hi there , my little droogy . doctor well , how be you get on today , young man ? alex great , sir . great . doctor can I do anything more for you , Minister ? minister I do not think so , Sir Leslie . thank you very much . dr . taylor then I will leave you to it . nurse . they exit . Minister move to Alex . minister you seem to have a whole ward to yourself , my boy . alex yes , sir , and a very lovely place it be too , sir , when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain . minister yes ... well good to see you on the mend . I have keep in constant touch with the hospital , of course , and now I have come to see you personally to see how you be get along . alex I have suffer the torture of the damned . the torture of the damned , sir . minister yes I can ... oh look , let I do that for you , shall I ? alex thank you , sir . minister I can tell you that I ... and the government of which I be a member be deeply sorry about this , my boy . deeply sorry . we try to help you . we follow recommendation have be make to we that turn out to be wrong . a enquiry will place the responsibility where it belong . we want you to regard we as friend . we have put you right , you be get the best of treatment . we never wish you harm , but there be some that do and do , and I think you know who that be . there be certain people who want to use you for political end . people who would have be glad to have you dead because then they would have be able to blame it all on the governement . I think you know who that be . there be also a certain man - a writer of subversive literature - who have be howling for you blood . he 's be mad with desire to stick a knife into you , but you be safe from he now , we have put he away . he find out that you have do wrong to he - at least he believe you have do wrong . he have form this idea in he head that you have be responsible for the death of someone near and dear to he . we put he away for he own protection ... I be sorry , I think you be ready . alex where be he now , sir ? minister we put he away where he can do you no harm . you see we be look after you interest . we be interested in you , and when you leave here you will have no further worry . we shall see to everything ... a good job on a good salary . alex what job and how much ? minister you must have a interesting job at a salary which you would regard as adequate . not only for the job which you be go to do and in compensation for what you believe you have suffer , but also because you be help we . alex helping you , sir ? minister we always help we friend , do not we ? ( smile ) it be no secret that the government have lose a lot of popularity because of you , my boy . there be some that think that at the next election we shall be out . the press have choose to take a very unfavorable view of what we try to do . alex well , who can bame they , sir ? minister mmmm , possibly . yes . but public opinion have a way of change and you , Alex , if I may call you , Alex ? alex certainly , sir . what do they call you at home ? minister my name be Frederick . as I be say , Alex , you can be instrumental in change the public verdict . do you understand , Alex ? have I make myself clear ? alex as a unmuddied lake , Fred . as clear as a azurw sky of deep summer . you can rely on I , Fred . minister good ... good boy . oh yes , I understand you be fond of music . I have arrange a little surprise for you . alex surprise ? minister one I think you will like ... as a , how shall I put it , as a symbol of we new understanding . a understanding between two friend . alex thank you , Fred . thank you . Minister turn and signal . door open and a crowd of cameramen and reporter rush in . aide push two 6 - foot loudspeaker and a hi- fi on a trolley . alex ( v.0 . ) and what do you know , my brother and only friend , it be the 9th , the glorious 9th of ludwig van . oh , it be gorgeosity and yummy yum yum . I be cure . close shot alex the end alex ( v.0 . ) as the music come to ist climax , I could viddy myself very clear , run and run on like very light and mysterious foot , carve the whole face of the creeching world with my cut throat britva . I be cure all right .