coriolanus written by William Shakespeare screenplay by John Logan int . darkened room - day the blade of a knife . pull from its sheath , intricate tribal etching on the blade catch the light . the blade be pull across a sharpen stone . swoosh - swoosh -swoosh . rhythmic . a well - practice hand . a muscular , tattooe arm . the blade hold up . razor sharp . the glow of a tv in the darken room be the only illumination . we see image on the tv : global and urban strife slum barricade poverty starvation demonstration repression refugee camp barb wire prison riot police tear gas violence ... then the image settle to now , breaking news : food riot in rome . image of a protest march . a crowd fill the street . Soldiers move into position . we see placard : " dog must eat , " " meat be made for mouth . " the man sharpen the knife watch the image . his eye be cold . almost disinterested . then he stop . frozen in mid-stroke . something on the tv suddenly rivet he . his eye no longer cold . the tv show one of the soldier , a high -ranking officer . imperious . give order . we will come to know this be a man as caius martius -- coriolanus . tullus aufidius , the man sharpen the knife , gaze at the image on the screen . he lean forward . emerging from the darkness . we see he face . he be a handsome and impose figure , magnetic in he personality . charismatic , yes , but also neurotic and edgy . uncomfortable in he own skin . some demon there . he watch the face of caius martius on the tv screen . 2 . then he put the point of he knife against the screen . against caius martius ' heart . hold it there press the point against the screen muscle knotting in he forearm as if he could thrust the knife through the screen and into the heart of caius martius ... his nemesis his dark angel . sharp cut to -- ext . rome - STREET - day we move with a intense woman down the street . she be nervous . check she be not be follow . she be tamora , a extreme figure on the political landscape . to the Roman elite she be a dangerous anarchist -- to she supporter she be a ardent patriot and democrat . as she move , we take in Rome . it might be Mexico City . or chechnia . or El salvador . or Detroit . or Baghdad . or London . this Rome be a modern place . it be we world right now : immediately recognizable to we . element of classical architecture loom over decay . monolithic modernism and brave public monument be lose in a sea of brazen advertising billboard , neon shopping plaza and drab super-highways . splendor and squalor sit side - by-side . it be a volatile , dangerous world . William Shakespeare 's Rome . she come to a graffiti-cover apartment building . look around . enter . int . apartment - day a secret political meeting in a police state . tension . cigarette smoke hang in the air . Men and woman gather , hushed and urgent tone . a cell meeting of the political opposition , the resistance . a tv show the food march elsewhere in the city . the gather storm . cassius be a lead proletariat organizer : 3. cassius before we proceed any further , hear I speak -- you be all resolve rather to die than to famish ? the other agree . they be not wild - eye radical . they be normal people , from all walk of life . you and I . cassius first , you know caius martius be chief enemy to the people . a voice from the back of the room : tamora let we kill he . the other turn . tamora , just enter , pull off she coat , join the other : tamora and we will have corn at we own price . be it a verdict ? some be unsure . she be too extreme for some . cassius ( pressing slightly ) we be account poor citizen , the patrician good the leanness that afflict we , the object of we misery , we sufferance , be a gain to they . let we revenge this with we stick ere we become rake ! I speak this in hunger for bread , not in thirst for revenge . a woman , a young mother , protest : young mother will you proceed especially against caius martius ? cassius against he first . a college professor , speak up : college professor consider you what service he have do for he country ? tamora ( snap ) very well , and could be content to give ( more ) 4. tamora ( cont 'd ) he good report for it -- but that he pay himself with be proud . college professor nay , but speak not maliciously . she have over - play she hand . pretend to back down : tamora I say unto you , what he hath do famously , he do it to that end ... ( a snarky smile ) he do it to please he mother . some laugh at she gossip . then the tv image switch to a breaking news update : from the Roman Senate . a august press room . a Senator be move to a podium to make a statement . he be Senator menenius be a seasoned and wily politician . Silver hair , perfectly tailore suit . he be know as a folksy " man of the people . " it be a role he play to perfection . cassius Soft , who come here ? college professor Worthy Senator menenius , one that hath always love the people . tamora he 's one honest enough ; would all the rest be so . menenius ( on tv ) why , master , my good friend , mine honest neighbor , will you undo yourselves ? ( smile benevolently ) I tell you , friend , most charitable care have the patrician of you , for you want , you suffer in this dearth , you may as well Strike at the heaven with you stave as lift they against the Roman state -- 5 . tamora ( speak to the tv ) suffer we to famish , and they storehouse cramme with grain -- the other shush she . menenius ( on tv ) alack , you be transport by calamity thither where more attend you ; and you slander the helm of the state , who care for you like father , when you curse they as enemy -- cassius mute the tv . we see Senator menenius continue with he speech ; he attempt to calm the dangerous situation . cassius Care for we ? they never care for we yet ! tamora if the war eat we not up , they will : and that 's all the love they bear we . the other be grow increasingly restive -- shifting -- tension build -- cassius why stay we prate here ? tamora no more talk on it ! to the Capitol ! come ! come ! CUT to -- ext . street - day tamora , cassius and the other be now in the midst of the protest march . the crowd have become a mob , with a life and will of its own . the crowd surge forward -- they round a corner and suddenly stop -- for a formidable sight await they - riot police . row of black uniform . full riot gear with plexiglass shield and dangerous truncheon . 6 . a few soldier on horse as well . the crowd start and shift nervously , unsure how to proceed . should they launch themselves against this monolithic military force ? a long , tense beat . then ... one of the horseman trot forward ... he ride a beautiful white horse ... it be caius martius . ( soon to be give the honorary title coriolanus . ) he be intense and patrician . uncompromising . a man of steel . a soldier . he wear a crisp , military uniform . from he position on the horse , martius look over the rioter ... his gaze be ice ... a long beat ... then he dismount ... he slowly walk to the unruly mob ... with no hesitation , unarm ... he stop before they ... and speak with absolute disdain . martius what 's the matter , you dissentious rogue , that , rub the poor itch of you opinion , make yourselves scab ? cassius ( sarcastic ) we have ever you good word . martius ( snap ) he that will give good word to thee will flatter beneath abhorr . the crowd be hushed . take in he every word . 7. we note a tv news crew have move into position and be filming eagerly . some in the crowd film with cell phone camera . stream video . we intercut some of this perspective . martius what would you have , you cur ? he that trust to you , where he should find you lion , find you hare ; where fox , geese . he walk along the front of the crowd . some be frighten by the great martius . some be even awed . other glare at he with loathing . martius who deserve greatness deserve you hate ... hang ye ! trust ye ? with every minute you do change you mind , and call he noble that be now you hate , him vile that be you garland . he continue along the crowd , he cold eye take in face after face : martius what 's the matter , that in this several place of the city you cry against the noble Senate , who , under the god , keep you in awe , which else would feed on one another ? he stop and glare at the mob with seethe anger . he climb back onto he horse . stare down at they . a ultimatum : martius go get you home , you fragment ! a tense beat . the riot police shift nervously . the crowd be unsure . the tv news crew film everything . 8. cassius look around . he see the police ready with tear gas . he see old man , woman and child in he crowd . he do not want this to explode . he exchange a few whisper work with tamora . Word be pass and the crowd begin to disperse . some run off in a panic . other walk away . the danger have pass . Senator menenius , who have be watch from nearby , gesture for martius to join he . he be a old family friend of martius ' as well as he mentor and chief political advisor . menenius be relieved bloodsh have be avoid . menenius this be almost thoroughly persuade ; for though abundantly they lack discretion , yet be they pass cowardly . martius they be dissolve . hang them . Senator menenius watch the crowd . disturb . menenius I would they be abed . martius I would they be in tiber . they move off . int . darkened room - day we see the tv image of martius railing at the people from before : martius ( on tv ) go get you home , you fragment ! tullus aufidius be lean in . watch so closely . from he Pov : the pixilate close - up of martius ' face on the screen . he run he knife blade back and forth . turn it in the light ; the reflection of martius ' face distorting as he rotate the blade . 9 . then aufidius lean back again . back into the shadow . disappear . ext . military command CENTER - day Rome 's military headquarters . a high security building like the Pentagon . int . roman war room - day martius be seat with several military officer and aide . also with he be titus . he young than martius , a old friend and comrade - in -arm . like martius he have see a lot of battle . cominius , a older general , enter . he be a experience commander of man also use to deal with the necessary politics of civilian oversight . West Point bear . all salute . cominius return the salute . cominius the news be the volsc be in arm . a aide press a remote . grainy video image play on a monitor : volscian soldier , jeep , tank . one section show a quick image of the rebel leader , a strike man call tullus aufidius , riding past in a jeep . cominius they have a leader , tullus aufidius , that will put you to it . martius I sin in envy he nobility , and be I any thing but what I be , I would wish I only he . senator you have fight together ? martius he be a lion that I be proud to hunt . martius take the remote control . stop the video . rewind to the unclear image of aufidius . 10 . martius titus lartius , thou shalt see I once more strike at tullus ' face . titus lead you on . martius rewind and play the image of aufidius again , rewind and play it again , almost obsessively . we push in on the video image of aufidius ... aufidius appear to be stare right back at martius ... and this take we to ... int . apartment build - war room - night the same face . aufidius , who be the leader of the rebel volscian force , stand deep in think . the volsc be a insurgent force challenging the monolithic might of Rome : rebel that suggest to we Latin american revolutionary or Hamas fighter or chechnian separatist . they be a dangerous guerilla force . we be in the volsce war room in a old apartment building . a basement . no window . secure . officer and some civilian politician . the room be fill with military map , weapon , surveillance photo . volsce politician so , you opinion be , aufidius , that they of Rome be enter in we counsel and know how we proceed . aufidius ( snap ) be it not yours ? tis not four day go since I hear thence . volsce officer we never yet make doubt but Rome be ready to answer we . 11 . volsce politician and it be rumor martius , you old enemy , lead in they preparation . he toss a glossy magazine on the desk , a picture of martius on the cover . aufidius ' eye spark at the image of martius . he pick up the magazine and carefully tear off the cover picture of martius , look at the picture deeply . he continue with a strange and grim fire : aufidius if we and caius martius chance to meet , ' tis swear between we we shall ever strike till one can do no more . by the element , if ever again I meet he beard to beard , he 's mine or I be he . ext . martius villa - day a beautiful butterfly . catch the light perfectly , almost iridescent . it float before a palatial mansion in the suburb of the great city . manicure lawn . formal garden . classical architectural line . this fine home of aristocratic privilege seem a world away from the urban blight of Rome . in the immaculate front garden young martius , martius ' son , be play . the boy be about ten . there be something grim and lonely about he , without charm . Young martius chase after the butterfly , try to catch it . he fail . the butterfly flit away . Young martius leap after it . again he miss . finally the frustrated boy manage to catch the butterfly . in he rage he tear it to piece , brutally shredd it . we realize he be be observe ... int . martius villa -- live room - day . VIRGILIA , martius ' wife , stand at the window . disturb by the sight of she son rip apart the butterfly . 12 . she see Young martius stop and look at the tiny bit of blood on he finger . Young martius be unmove . he glance up . lock eye with he mother . she turn away . virgilia be well - choose for she role as wife to one of Rome 's most aristocratic man . she be beautiful and graceful but -- like diana throw into lion 's de of the Windsor family -- woefully out of she depth . we feel a inner fragility to she . the room be spacious and elegantly appoint . a lovely Roman statue in one corner . this be a place of wealth , order and control . a fine flat - screen tv flicker with image of war . we see helicopter zoom over desert landscape imbedd war correspondent tank combat Roman . volscian . volumnia , martius ' mother , stand and watch the tv . she be a impose woman , handsome and tall , impeccably dress . adamantine in she strength . virgilia move from the window . sit on a sofa . she watch the tv news footage of the war , upset by the image . a freeze silence . then : volumnia I pray you , daughter , sing , or express yourself in a more comfortable sort . if my son be my husband , I should more freely rejoice in that absence wherein he win honor than in the embracement of he bed where he would show most love . she move across the room to fetch a cigarette . she move , always , with stately grace . she walk past a series of photograph . they tell the story of martius ' life : the happy baby ; the stern dead father ; the rigid young military cadet ; the formal wedding ; the restrain and unsmile adult . in the photo we sense a transformation : innocent boy to experience , severe look soldier . volumnia be present in most of the picture . as : 13 . volumnia when yet he be but tender - body and the only son of my womb , I , consider how honor would become such a person , be pleased to let he seek danger where he be like to find fame . she light she cigarette . volumnia to a cruel war I send he , from whence he return , he brow bound with oak . VIRGILIA but have he die in the business , madam , how then ? volumnia then he good report should have be my son . ( she rivet virgilia ) have I a dozen son I have rather have eleven die nobly for they country than one voluptuously surfeit out of action . a maid enter . she speak to volumnia ( the true mistress of the house ) not to virgilia . maid madam , Senator menenius be come to visit you . volumnia tell menenius we be fit to bid he welcome . the maid go . VIRGILIA beseech you , give I leave to retire myself . volumnia indeed , you shall not ! she turn off the tv and go to a bar to mix drink . she mix the drink aggressively , strangely inspire by the discussion of war : volumnia methink I hear hither you husband 's drum ; methink I see he stamp thus , and call thus : ( more ) 14 . volumnia ( cont 'd ) " come on , you coward ! you be get in fear , though you be bear in Rome . " his bloody brow then wiping , forth he go . VIRGILIA his bloody brow ? 0 Jupiter , no blood ... volumnia away , you fool ! it more become a man than gold he trophy . VIRGILIA heavens bless my lord from fall auf idius ... volumnia he will beat aufidius ' head below he knee and tread upon he neck . Senator menenius enter , he be comfortable in this house and a old ally of volumnia 's . menenius my lady both , good day to you . volumnia hand he one of the drink she have be mixing : a perfect martini . she know how he take he drink . she be not above flirt with he when it suit she end . menenius how do you both ? ( to VIRGILIA ) and how do you little son ? VIRGILIA I thank you , sir ; well , good . volumnia he have rather play with sword and hear a drum than look upon he schoolmaster . menenius on my word , the father 's son ! he and volumnia laugh . menenius have sense virgilia 's tension . tries to cheer she : menenius come , I must have you play the idle housewife with I this afternoon . 15 . VIRGILIA no , good sir , I will not out of door . menenius not out of door ! volumnia she shall , she shall . VIRGILIA indeed , no , by you patience . I will not over the threshold till my lord return from the war . menenius fie , you confine yourself most unreasonably . VIRGILIA I can not go hither . menenius ( playfully ) you would be another penelope ; yet they say all the yarn she spun in Ulysses ' absence do but fill ithaca full of moth . VIRGILIA no , good sir , pardon I ; indeed , I will not forth . menenius go with I and I will tell you excellent news of you husband . VIRGILIA 0 , good sir , there can be none yet . menenius there come news from he last night . volumnia pounce , move in : volumnia indeed ? menenius you lord and titus lartius be set down before the volscian city of coriole . they nothing doubt prevaile and to make it brief war this be true , on mine honor ; and so , I pray , go out with we . 16 . VIRGILIA ( again declining ) give I excuse , good sir . I will obey you in everything hereafter . volumnia ( snap ) let she alone . as she be now , she will but disease we better mirth . she take menenius arm and pull he out , eager for more news of she son . virgilia sit for a beat . then she press a button on the remote control . the tv go on again . more news report of the war . we see image of the volscian town of coriole . a " breaking news " scroll run across the bottom of the screen the Battle for coriole virgilia watch the war footage , she eye haunt . hard cut to -- ext . coriole - day blam ! blam ! blam ! a series of explosion jolt we . coriole be a small urban center . smoke billow up from area of the city . the steady crack and rattle of gunfire . the occasional thud of explosion . we see urban street - to-street fight . the image be startling in they familiarity : this could be basra or belfast . the battle be photograph in a gritty exposure . Color be drain out -- blood be a darker red like oil . Soldiers be dark form move through shadow and smoke . martius and titus , lead a platoon of around twenty Roman soldier , run into view and take cover . bullet zip and snap around they . the Roman soldier wear modern battle fatigue and body armor , trick out with all the latest tech gear . the volscian , be a poor guerilla force , wear throw together uniform that look almost tribal . martius call over the incessant din of battle to titus and the soldier : 17 . martius they fear we not , but issue forth they city . sniper bullet slam into a wall near he . he cough away the smoke and debris . this only make he more angry : martius they do disdain we much beyond we thought , which make I sweat with wrath ! he that retire , I will take he for a volsce , and he shall feel mine edge ! martius leap up and race on . the other follow in military order . the Roman soldier move along the street -- it be chaotic -- explosion , smoke and sniper fire -- they duck into doorway and behind abandon car -- return fire as best they can -- martius lead -- fire stead burst from he machine gun -- it be slow and bloody go -- finally the Roman turn a corner and be stop by a roadblock : a burn bus that fill the entire street -- the volsc use this roadblock to ambush the Roman soldier -- we see glimpsis of volscian soldier darting for position -- fire from rooftop and from inside shop -- blistering crossfire -- int . blasted HOTEL room - day aufidius run into a blast hotel room . some of he soldier with he . he go to the window . scan the street below . see martius and the other trap at the bus . he gesture to a aide for a radio -- ext . coriole - STREET - day in the face of the crossfire , the Roman soldier start falling back -- martius refuse to yield -- push and shove he man toward the burn bus -- scream in fury over the noise : 18 . martius you soul of geese , that bear the shape of man ! pluto and hell ! all hurt behind ! back red , and face pale with flight and ague fear ! mend and charge home , or , by the fire of heaven , I will leave the foe and make my war on you ! a explosion -- dirt and brick shard slash across martius ' face -- blood -- this only push he fury to white rage -- martius look to it . come on ! follow I ! he leave he soldier behind -- move alone to the burn bus and fight he way through the flame -- martius be in he own world now . he do not even realize he be alone . he have become a sort of kill machine . a shark move through the ocean . ruthless and efficient . we become the warrior . from martius ' Pov : we move through disorient curtain of smoke ... continue down the street ... firing a heavy machine gun ... volscian soldier contort and die , tear to piece by the bullet ... the heavy machine gun be empty , we drop it and use a sidearm , fire strategic shot ... volscian soldier dart up -- fire -- and die ... we keep move steadily forward ... shadowy shape move nearby , we fire . killing civilian . the fortune of war ... 19 . strange surreal image . we smash into a house . a old man crouch , terrify , in a corner . he reach forward . he be offer we water . a act of kindness amid the carnage ... we move on ... panicked civilian , scatter in terror ... volscian soldier rush we , attack , we slam they aside ... we duck down , roll under a car , emerge and fire ... more volscian die ... we continue forward ... then the pistol be empty , we drop it and pull a machete - like knife ... still move relentlessly forward ... slash and kill ... hand-to-hand now ... carnage . ext . coriole - alley - day aufidius and he aide be racing down a alley , try to get to martius -- Roman fire stop they -- they return fire as they divert down another alley , try for a better strategic position , run flat out -- ext . coriole - later titus and the soldier be still pin down at the burn bus . two soldier race back to titus to report , they dive for cover . titus what be become of martius ? soldier 1 slain , sir , doubtless . soldier 2 he be himself alone , to answer all the city . 20 . titus thou art lose , martius ... titus have no time to mourn . he look over the hopeless situation . scan the rooftop , window and shop . then he stop he see something past the burn bus through the smoke and flame ... he glimpsis a ghostly figure ... titus who 's yonder , that do appear as he be flay ? 0 god ! he have the stamp of martius . it be indeed martius . a shocking sight . drenched head - to - toe in blood . his face splatter with gore . his eye wild . lose in something like rapture . martius come I too late ?! come I too late ?! titus ay , if you come not in the blood of other , but mantle in you own . martius laugh wildly and embrace titus , who come away splatter with blood : martius 0 , let I clip ye in arm as sound as when I woo , in heart as merry as when we nuptial day be do ! suddenly -- a deafen explosion -- and rpg exploding from nearby . then gunfire . bullet shatter window . the volscian be attack again . the Roman instantly begin diving for cover and take up defensive position -- 21 . martius scan the location . see the attack be come from a old Hilton hotel . now pockmark with bullet and artillery shell . most of the window shattered . this be the volscian stronghold . the last stand . he see flash of volscian soldier move on the roof and balcony , and sniper fire from window . there be a open plaza , litter with body and debris , in front of the hotel . martius stop scan with he binocular -- see aufidius move in the hotel , direct the battle -- martius there be the man of my soul 's hate -- aufidius -- pierce we Roman . titus Worthy sir , thou bleed . thy exercise hath be too violent for a second course of fight . martius Sir , praise I not . my work hath yet not warm I . the blood I drop be more medicinal than dangerous to I . to aufidius thus I will appear and fight . he turn to some soldier , implore they to join he . his bloody visage and intensity be strangely inspiring , he ferocity infectious : martius ( to soldier ) if any such be here - as it be sin to doubt - that love this painting wherein you see I smear ; if any fear lesser he person than a ill report ; if any think brave death outweigh bad life , and that he country 's dearer than himself ; let he alone , or so many so minded , Wave thus , to express he disposition , and follow martius ! the soldier be pump up -- like Marines strain for combat -- 22 . martius 0 , I alone ! make you a sword of I ! they bolt -- Zigzagging across the plaza toward the hotel -- titus and the other provide cover fire -- ext . coriole - plaza - day martius zigzag with he man across the dangerously expose plaza -- they return fire at the hotel as best they can , but the barrage from the volscian be murderous -- Roman soldier contort and fall , blood spraying -- bullet snap and ricochet everywhere around they -- but still they keep up a steady pace , reloading and fire as they go -- then martius be hit -- blood sprays -- but still he keep on -- the front of the hotel be closer now -- martius and he soldier race to the hotel and crash into the lobby -- int . coriole -hotel -lobby - day martius and he soldier battle the volscian defender in the HOTEL lobby -- it be the weird and incongruous nature of modern urban warfare : soldier fight to the death among hotel couch and tatty corporate artwork -- it be brutal -- martius and he soldier cut a bloody swath across the hotel lobby -- another huge explosion rock the hotel -- like a seismic blast -- a ugly 1970 's chandelier fall -- 23 . martius and he man move into a stairwell -- int . coriole -hotel-stairwell - day martius and he man race up the stairway - volscian be fire down at they -- bullet ricochet crazily in the confine stairway , refracting from concrete wall and twist metal railing , send up spark and cloud of dust -- then martius slow to a stop . look up . aufidius be on the stairway above . glaring down at he . a long beat as they lock eye . both panting for breath in the heat of the combat . martius I will fight with none but thee , for I do hate thee . aufidius we hate alike . then martius do something astounding . he hold out he arm to he side and drop he weapon . they clatter down . aufidius do the same . the Roman and volscian soldier watch . none dare to interfere . martius and aufidius continue to glare at each other -- drop weapon -- disarming -- martius climb up the stair , aufidius come down -- move closer and closer -- at a instant - they slam together - Fighting without weapon -- grappling brutally . tearing at each other . twine together . finger grasp . teeth snap . hand pull . it be a bloody , terrible , graceless struggle . 24 . they crash and slam awkwardly in the claustrophobic stairwell . smash into the wall . falling from level to level -- then -- another explosion rock the hotel -- part of the roof collapse -- concrete slam down -- a cloud of smoke , dust and debris obscure everything - martius be toss violently to the ground in the action -- aufidius be pull away by several of he man . they drag he to safety . Roman soldier fire after they . the sound be deafen in the confine garage . but aufidius and he comrade disappear into a cloud of dust . go . martius glare after he . wipe blood from he eye . int . coriole -hotel -lobby - night the hotel lobby have be turn into a hastily assemble emergency triage station . the moan and scream of the injure be constant . Roman medic attend to the wounded : administer ivs ; arrange evacuation ; perform battlefield surgery . martius sit , dry blood cover he face , look over he injure and die soldier as a medic stitches up a wound in he arm . titus be with he . General cominius enter with several attend officer , go to congratulate martius . cominius if I should tell thee over this thy day 's work , thou would not believe thy deed . martius be barely listen . his attention be on a young soldier across the room . the Young soldier be injure , pale and thirsty . dying . cominius but I will report it where Senators shall mingle tear with ( more ) 25 . cominius ( cont 'd ) smile ; where great patrician shall attend and shrug , in the end admire and say : " we thank the god we Rome hath such a soldier . " martius ( shifting painfully ) pray now , no more . my mother , when she do praise I , grieve I . I have do as you have do - that 's what I can ; induced as you have be - that 's for my country . martius continue to look at the poor die soldier . titus Rome must know the value of she own . it be a concealment worse than a theft , to hide you doing . martius I have some wound upon I , and they smart to hear themselves remember . the surgeon finish stitching martius ' arm . start to clean another wound . cominius should they not , well might they fester against ingratitude too modest be you . impatient , martius rise , painfully and slowly . he take he canteen and cross to the Young soldier . give he canteen to the boy . the Young soldier drink . his deep , sad eye gaze up at martius . martius watch as ... the Young soldier die . the light go from he eye . his head hang awkwardly . his boyish face be leaden . martius suddenly find himself exhaust . morally and physically spend . 26 . martius ( to cominius ) I will go wash ; and when my face be fair , you shall perceive whether I blush or no howbeit , thank you . martius stare at the dead soldier . ext . coriole - STREET - night aufidius and some of he volscian soldier , bloody and filthy , be on foot . they be move through the outskirt of coriole , leave the city . exhausted after the long and fail battle . fire burn from blast shop and home . the Roman have clearly laid waste to this part of the city . there be a minivan stop ahead of they . bullet hole everywhere . body inside . they walk to it . aufidius look in . a dead family . Father , mother , kid in the back . bloody toy on the floor of the minivan . Roman atrocity . aufidius gaze at the body . his face harden . he whisper to himself : aufidius five time , martius , I have fight with thee ; so often hast thou beat I , and would do so , I think , should we encounter as often as we eat . he become aware some of he man be look at he , disturb at he fervor . aufidius for where I think to crush he in a equal force , true sword to sword , I will stab he some way , or wrath -- or craft -- may get he . 27 . soldier he 's the devil . aufidius bolder , though not so subtle . a beat . aufidius continue with prayer - like intensity : aufidius my valor , poison with he , shall fly out of itself ... nor sleep , nor sanctuary , be naked , sick , the prayer of priest , nor time of sacrifice , shall lift up they rotten privilege and custom , against my hate to martius . in the shattered glass of the minivan window , aufidius suddenly see himself . he study he own face , nurture he dark thought . aufidius where I find he , be it at home , upon my brother 's guard , even there , will I wash my fierce hand in he heart . int . politico bar - day back in Rome , we be at a comfortable restaurant / bar near the Senate where politician gather to eat , drink , gossip and conspire . the business of state be conduct over steak and martinis . comfortable red leather booth . wooden panell . two tribune -- Senators choose to speak for the people -- be have lunch . brutus be a large man in a rumple grey suit ; a sweat bear with a taste for bare - knuckle politics . sicinius be smaller and vulpine ; crafty and cold . both be ambitious politico use to manipulate the people and the press for they personal end . with they sit cassius , the political agitator we meet before . the tv over the bar show image of martius ' victory : parade Roman troops ; volscian prisoner ; flag ; ador crowd ; triumphant slogan ; " Mission accomplish . " 28 . sicinius be ever man so proud as be this martius ? cassius he have no equal . sicinius when we be choose tribune for the people - brutus marked you he lip and eye ? sicinius nay , but he taunt . they see Senator menenius approach . sicinius nod to cassius , who quickly go . menenius stop by on he way out . he be jolly , know the victory will assure he protege 's political future : menenius the augurer tell I we shall have news tonight . brutus good or bad ? menenius not accord to the prayer of the people , for they love not martius . sicinius nature teach beast to know they friend . menenius you blame martius for be proud ? brutus we do it not alone , sir . subtly , the polite chit-chat be turn more serious and point ; menenius grow sharper . the glove be come off . menenius I know you can do very little alone you talk of pride : 0 that you could turn you eye toward the nape of you neck , and make but a interior survey of you good selve ! 0 that you could ! 29 . brutus what then , sir ? menenius why , then you should discover a brace of unmerite , proud , violent , testy magistrate , alias fool , as any in Rome . the saturnine sicinius ' response seem almost a threat : sicinius menenius , you be know well enough too . menenius I be know to be a humorous patrician , and one that love a cup of hot wine with not a drop of allay water in it ; one that converse more with the buttock of the night than with the forehead of the morning . what I think I utter , and spend my malice in my breath . brutus come , sir , come , we know you well enough . menenius you know neither I , yourselves nor anything you be ambitious . a tense beat . they be formidable adversary . menenius good - e'en to you worship . more of you conversation would infect my brain , be the herdsman of the beastly plebeian I will be bold to take my leave of you . he go . the tribune watch he cut through the lunch crowd and exit . ext . senate - day the Roman Senate be construct with classical symmetry and clean , square line . probably the most strike and beautiful building in Rome . int . senate -corridor - day volumnia , virgilia and menenius be hurry down a corridor , excited . all be well - dress , for a important public event . 30 . volumnia honorable menenius , my boy martius approach ! for the love of juno , let 's go . menenius be he not wounded ? he be wont to come home wounded . VIRGILIA 0 , no , no , no ... volumnia ( victoriously ) 0 , he be wounded ! I thank the god for it . menenius so do I too -- if it be not too much . bring a victory in he pocket , the wound become he . have he discipline aufidius soundly ? volumnia titus lartius say they fight together , but aufidius get off . VIRGILIA in truth , there 's wondrous thing speak of he . god grant they true . volumnia ( a exhalation of scorn ) true ?! menenius I will be swear they be true . where be he wounded ? volumnia and menenius now gleefully add up she son 's wound like accountant -- or campaign manager . volumnia in the shoulder and in the leave arm . there will be large scar to show the people , when he shall stand for he place he receive in the repulse of tarquin seven hurt in the body . menenius one in the neck , and two in the thigh - there 's nine that I know . 31 volumnia he have , before this last expedition , twenty - five wound upon he . menenius now it 's twenty - seven . every gash be a enemy 's grave . we focus on volumnia 's face as she think about she son . volumnia before he he carry noise , and behind he he leave tear . death , that dark spirit , in he nervy arm doth lie ; which , be advanced , decline , and then man die . they hurry to the stop of a grand staircase , where there be people wait ... int . senate -stayr - day they join cominius and other dignitary at the top of a majestic stairway . a honor guard of Roman soldier in dress uniform be wait . Roman flag flutter . all very ceremonial . martius enter below . the honor guard snap to attention . martius -- hereafter call coriolanus -- slowly begin to cross to the step . we see that walk be very difficult for he . his wound be severe and every movement be agony . he have pay a steep price for he victory . photographer flash photo and a tv crew film the ceremony . coriolanus finally reach the step lead up . he take a breath and slowly begin to climb the stair , each step a challenge . volumnia look down on he . unmove by he pain . virgilia be distraught . as coriolanus slowly haul himself up the last few step , General cominius speak into a cluster of microphone and address the press : 32 . cominius be it know , as to we , to all the world , that caius martius wear this war 's garland and from this time , for what he do before coriole , call he , with all the applause and clamor of the host , " caius martius coriolanus ! " ( to martius ) bear the addition nobly ever ! the soldier salute in a grim sort of chant : soldier caius martius coriolanus ! coriolanus have reach the podium . a awkward beat . cominius gesture for he to speak into the microphone . he tersely do so : coriolanus no more of this ; it do offend my heart . pray now , no more . a awkward silence . cominius elegantly try to cover the moment : cominius look , sir , you mother . coriolanus 0 , you have , I know , petition all the god for my prosperity . he kneel to she -- slowly , with great difficulty -- she let he . volumnia nay , my good soldier , up . ( he slowly rise ) my gentle martius , worthy caius , and by deed - achieve honor newly name - what be it ? - coriolanus must I call thee ? she laugh coquettishly , thoroughly upstage she son . then , almost a afterthought : 33. volumnia but , 0 , thy wife ... coriolanus greet virgilia with the clumsy and stiff formality that mark they marriage . coriolanus my gracious silence , hail . a awkwardly tender kiss . he note she tear . react coldly . coriolanus would thou have laugh have I come coffine home , that weep to see I triumph ? ay , my dear , such eye the widow in coriole wear , and mother that lack son . menenius now , the god crown thee ! coriolanus ( greet he warmly ) and live you yet ? volumnia ( laugh ) I know not where to turn . 0 , welcome home ! and welcome , general . and you be welcome all ! menenius a hundred thousand welcome ! coriolanus be surround by well - wisher and political admirer . volumnia and menenius usher he along . we see the image from tv : the noble warrior return home . devote family . flag wave . the future golden . int . villa - bathroom - evening and then the hard reality . coriolanus ' body be a battleground of scar . some be livid and red , fresh and still ooze blood . other be pale and blue , discolor and dead . his body be something monstrous . stitched up . patched together . slashed around . frankenstein 's monster . 34 . he be lean against a sink , stripped naked . his muscular if shattered body expose . volumnia sit and dress she son 's wound . as she always have do . as she always will . it be a disturbing , intimate image . coriolanus the good Senators must be visit ; from whom I have receive not only greeting , but with they change of honors . he shift painfully as she continue to treat one of he wound . volumnia I have live to see inherite my very wish and the building of my fancy . only there 's one thing want , which I doubt not but we Rome will cast upon thee . he catch she eye in the mirror , very firm : coriolanus know , good mother , I have rather be they servant in my way , than sway with they in theirs . they stop when -- virgilia enter . she stop in the doorway . it be embarrassing for she , as if she have interrupt two lover . a long moment . she look to she husband . to volumnia . they stare back . there be no way she can compete with they intimacy . surrender , she silently go . int . villa -- hallway - evening virgilia wander a long hallway , past a fine collection of antique Roman weaponry . she seem lose . 35 . she stop and open a door , glance into she son 's bedroom : Young martius be asleep . her eye move across he room . the military toy . the little cadet uniform carefully hang . the polished boot wait . all stern and joyless . not like a child 's room at all . virgilia close the door and continue down the long hallway , disappear into darkness . int . senate -office - day darken office . brutus and sicinius sit , head together , focus . sicinius he cannot temperately transport he honors , but will lose that he hath win . brutus I hear he swear , be he to stand for consul , never would he appear in the marketplace nor show , as the manner be , he wound to the people , beg " they stinking breath . " sicinius it be he word . int . senate -corridor - day brutus and sicinius continue as they hurry to the Senate chamber : brutus so it must fall out with he , or we authority at a end . sicinius we must suggest to the people in what hatred he still hath hold they . brutus ( shushing he ) peace ... 36 . they enter the Senate chamber ... int . senate chamber - day brutus and sicinius make they way to they seat as we hear : menenius ( v.0 . ) it remain , as the main point of this we after - meeting , to gratify he noble service that hath thus stand for he country ... the interior of the grand Senate be a airy , sweeping chamber that suggest the israeli knesset or U.N. General Assembly . again , classical symmetry be the rule with tier of seat face a central dais . a impose piece of outdated modern art suggest the might of Rome loom over the chamber like a bird of prey . Network tv camera purr quietly from a corner . menenius , cominius , coriolanus and several other politico be seating at a central table on the dais , face the row of senator . menenius be stand at a podium , speak into a microphone : menenius therefore , please you , most reverend and grave elder , to desire the present consul , and last general in we well - find success , to report a little of that worthy work perform by caius martius coriolanus . senator speak , good cominius . General cominius rise and move to the podium . but then coriolanus abruptly stand -- menenius nay , keep you place . senator sit , coriolanus . never shame to hear what you have nobly do . 37 . coriolanus you honors ' pardon . I have rather have my wound to heal again than hear say how I get they . menenius pray now , sit down . coriolanus I have rather have one scratch my head in the SUN when the alarum be strike than idly sit to hear my nothing monster . coriolanus move across the dais and exit into a hallway . the door shut after he . menenius sigh . nod to cominius . cominius move to the podium and begin to read he speech from a teleprompter . this all have the rehearse quality of a campaign nomination speech . cominius the deed of coriolanus should not be uttere feebly . it be hold that valor be the chiefest virtue , and most dignify the haver . alone he entered the mortal gate of the city , and strike coriole like a planet , from face to foot he be a thing of blood ... brutus and sicinius exchange a glance , bored by the political boilerplate . int . senate -service corridor - day meanwhile , coriolanus stand in the service corridor beyond the chamber . Green industrial wall . Ugly fluorescent light above . he lean against a wall , alone with he thought . cominius ' voice can be hear dron inside . then coriolanus glance up . a custodian be push a garbage can down the long corridor . he stop when he see coriolanus . coriolanus ' cool , uncompromising stare make the custodian uneasy . he turn around and go back . 38 . coriolanus wait . his face strangely vacant . he flexe he wounded arm . it hurt . he hear cominius finish . a good round of applause . he hear he name be cheer : " coriolanus ! " coriolanus close he eye , steel himself , and then be - enter the chamber ... int . senate chamber - day menenius greet he and escort he to the podium for he " acceptance speech . " menenius the Senate , coriolanus , be well pleased to make thee consul ! menenius step back . a beat . coriolanus stare at the Senators . at the tv camera . he lean awkwardly into the podium microphone : coriolanus I do owe they still my life and service . a beat . for a acceptance speech , rather terse . menenius jump in to salvage the moment : menenius it then remain that you do speak to the people . coriolanus I do beseech you , let I overleap that custom , for I cannot entreat they for my wound ' sake to give they suffrage . please you that I may pass this do . from the Senate floor , sicinius jump on this : sicinius Sir , the people must have they voice ! 39 . the Senators , lead by brutus , clamor they agreement . tradition must be obey . menenius ( calming , to coriolanus ) pray you , go fit you to the custom . coriolanus it be a part that I shall blush in act , and might well be take from the people . menenius quickly turn off coriolanus ' microphone . brutus ( to sicinius ) Mark you that ? coriolanus to brag unto they " thus I do , and thus ! " show they the unaching scar which I should hide , as if I have receive they for the hire of they breath only ! menenius see coriolanus be get angry , this could be disastrous . he elegantly gesture for cominius to escort coriolanus out immediately -- as he address the Senators and tv camera : menenius to we noble consul wish we all joy and honor ! he applaud . the applause be take up by the Senators . some cheer as well for the hero of Rome the two tribune , however , be already whisper maliciously to other Senators . menenius seem pleased with the general response . so far , so good . int . villa -- live room - day volumnia be pleased as well . she sit , watch the event unfold on tv . the sound of the cheer fade as we go to ... 40 . int . menenius ' limo - day the limousine wind through the pedestrian traffic toward the Roman marketplace . coriolanus sit with menenius . coriolanus be both angry and embarrassed . he be wear a sharp business suit . menenius have you not know the worthiest man have do it ? coriolanus ( agree ) custom call I to it . what custom will , in all thing should we do ... what must I say ? " look , sir , my wound . I get they in my country 's service . " menenius o I , the god ! you must not speak like that . you must desire they to think upon you -- coriolanus " think upon I " ? hang them ! I would they would forget I . menenius you will mar all ! the limo stop . they be at the marketplace . the moment have come . menenius take a breath . urge calm : menenius pray you , speak to they , I pray you , in wholesome manner . coriolanus ( sourly ) bid they wash they face and keep they tooth clean . he leave the car . 41 . ext . marketplace - day the commercial heart of Rome . a large town square , since antiquity use as a marketplace . but now it be fill with tatty stall sell cheap purse and knock - off watch . paltry fruit stand alongside shabby souvenir stall . advertise billboard surround and pollute the square -- sony . coke . nike . mcdonald -- obscure any classical architecture that might have survive . tamora and cassius , the political activist , be in the crowd . they watch closely . coriolanus slowly walk to the center of the marketplace . he stand , feel ridiculous and not at all humble . he look around . wait for something to happen . the customer and shopkeeper just look back at he . some be curious . some be amused . some hostile and most indifferent . but no one approach . then coriolanus understand . he must g to they : beg for vote . he prepare himself and then slowly move through the various stall , weaving in and out . try to maintain he dignity . he see the citizen from before and go to they . we glimpse brutus and sicinius amongst the crowd . coriolanus ( to cassius ) you know the cause , sir , of my stand here . cassius we do , sir . tell we what hath bring you to it . coriolanus mine own desert . tamora you own desert ? coriolanus ay , but not mine own desire . 42 . tamora how not you own desire ? coriolanus no , it be never my desire yet to trouble the poor with begging . cassius you must think , if we give you anything , we hope to gain by you . coriolanus well then , I pray , you price of the consulship ? war vet the price be to ask it kindly . coriolanus kindly , sir , I pray , let I have it . I have wound to show you , which shall be yours in private you good voice , sir . what say you ? war vet ( impressed ) you shall have it , worthy sir . coriolanus a match , sir . there 's in all two worthy voice begge . I have you alm . adieu . Business do , so he think , coriolanus crisply move on . cassius be not convinced . cassius but this be something odd . coriolanus continue on . he see a large jamaican woman with she child , carry plastic grocery bag , talk to a shopkeeper . he go to they : coriolanus pray you now , if it may stand with the tune of you voice that I may be consul . jamaican woman you have deserve nobly of you country , and you have not deserve nobly . coriolanus you enigma ? 43. jamaican woman you have be a scourge to she enemy ; you have be a rod to she friend you have not indeed love the common people . coriolanus you should account I the more virtuous that I have not be common in my love therefore , beseech you , I may be consul . shopkeeper we hope to find you we friend , and therefore give you we voice heartily . jamaican woman you have receive many wound for you country . coriolanus I will not seal you knowledge with show they . I will make much of you voice , and so trouble you no farther . jamaican woman the god give you joy , sir , heartily ! coriolanus be warming to the task , it 's easier than he think . he move to a central , open area and declare publicly : coriolanus you voice ! for you voice I have fought ; watched for you voice ; for you voice bear of wound two dozen odd ; battle thrice six I have see and hear of ! a crowd be gather . we note brutus and sicinius in the crowd . menenius , too , have move in . coriolanus for you voice have do many thing , some less , some more . you voice ! indeed , I would be consul . war vet he have do nobly , and cannot go without any honest man 's voice ! 44 . race track tout therefore let he be consul ! jamaican woman the god give he joy , and make he good friend to the people ! the citizen applaud and give they support : citizen amen , amen . God save thee , noble consul ! coriolanus Worthy voice ! menenius , with brutus and sicinius , go to he : menenius you have stand you limitation , and the tribune endue you with the people 's voice . coriolanus be this do ? sicinius the custom of request you have discharge . the people do admit you , and be summon to meet anon upon you approbation . coriolanus where ? at the Senate ? sicinius there , coriolanus . menenius I will keep you company . ( to brutus ) will you along ? brutus ( decline ) we stay here for the people . coriolanus and menenius go , relieved the trial be over . brutus and sicinius , however , have work to do . this have not go as they want . they be urgent : sicinius how now , my master ! have you choose this man ? 45 . cassius ( ruefully ) he have we voice , sir . brutus we pray the god he may deserve you love . tamora amen , sir . to my poor unworthy notice , he mock we when he begge we voice . cassius certainly he flout we downright . jamaican woman no , it be he kind of speech ; he do not mock we . tamora ( sharply ) he should have show we his mark of merit , wound receive for 's country . sicinius why , so he do , I be sure . tamora no , no ! no one see they ! cassius ( incite the crowd ) be not this mockery ? brutus press hard : brutus when he have no power , but be a petty servant to the state , he be you enemy , ever spake against you liberty . sicinius do you perceive he do solicit you in free contempt when he do need you love , and do you think that he contempt shall not be bruise to you when he hath power to crush ? 46 . cassius and tamora carefully lead the crowd in express grow alarm and resistance to coriolanus : cassius he 's not confirm ; we may deny he yet ! tamora and will deny he ! I will have five hundred voice of that sound . cassius I twice five hundred and they friend ! the crowd roar approval . a frightening , animal sound . sicinius let they assemble , and on a safer judgment all revoke you ignorant election . brutus enforce he pride , and he old hate unto you ! sicinius and presently , when you have draw you number , repair to the Capitol . cassius we will so ! tamora we will so ! all repent in they election ! cassius and tamora lead the crowd . it be a terrifying spectacle of sudden mob rage , only a razor- thin edge to violence . brutus and sicinius watch , satisfied , like robespierre and Saint just look over the bloody guillotine . int . senate -corridor - day coriolanus , dress again in he familiar uniform , emerge from a antechamber with he comrade titus . menenius , General cominius and several pro-coriolanus Senators follow they . they stride down the corridor . 47 . coriolanus ( to titus ) tullus aufidius then have assemble a new army ? titus he have , my lord . coriolanus saw you aufidius ? titus he be retire to antium . coriolanus spoke he of I ? titus he do , my lord . coriolanus how ? what ? titus how often he have meet you , sword to sword ; that of all thing upon the earth he hate you person most . coriolanus at antium life he ? titus at antium . coriolanus I wish I have a cause to seek he there , to oppose he hatred fully . they hear the grow rumble of a crowd . curious . they continue on and turn a corner to ... int . senate -central lobby - day the central lobby of the Senate be a open , airy space . through the glass door at the front of the lobby a unruly crowd can be see gather . Police . barricade . sicinius and brutus be wait to intercept they . 48 . coriolanus ( to titus ) behold , this be the tribune of the people , the tongue of the common mouth . sicinius pass no further . coriolanus ha ! what be that ? brutus it will be dangerous to go on . no further . coriolanus what make this change ? menenius the matter ? cominius hath he not pass the noble and the common ? brutus cominius , no . coriolanus step closer to brutus . the mob see he through the glass door . the tension immediately increase . coriolanus have I have child 's voice ? titus tribune , give way . brutus the people be incense against he . coriolanus ( glance to the grow crowd ) be this you herd ? menenius be calm , be calm . brutus the people cry you mock they , and of late call they time -pleaser , flatterer , foe to nobleness . 49 . coriolanus but this be know before . sicinius you show too much of that for which the people stir . if you will pass to where you be bound , you must inquire you way . the crowd outside be grow restless , sense and respond to the building tension . the police try to hold they back , keep they away from the door . the crowd press in . we see cassius and tamora at the forefront , urging the crowd on . menenius let 's be calm -- cominius the people be abuse , set on -- menenius not now , not now -- titus not in this heat , sir -- coriolanus stride angrily toward the door and exit -- the other follow -- ext . senate -courtyard - day coriolanus launch himself into the crowd with blister anger : coriolanus my nobler friend , I crave they pardon . for the mutable , rank -scent crowd , let they regard I as I do not flatter , and therein behold themselves . I say again , in soothing they , we nourish against we senate the cockle of rebellion , insolence , sedition , which we ourselves have ploughed for , sow , and scattered , by mingling they with we ! 50 . menenius well , no more ! titus no more word , we beseech you -- the mob have surround they all by now . the police be get nervous , eye darting uneasily from the unruly crowd to the volatile man . this all have the potential of sparking to violence . we note a tv news crew move into position , cover the action . other film with cell phone camera . we intercut some of this footage . brutus ( to coriolanus , provoking ) you speak of the people as if you be a god to punish , not a man of they infirmity . sicinius it be well we let the people know it . coriolanus be I as patient as the midnight sleep , by jove , it would be my mind ! sicinius it be a mind that shall remain a poison where it be , not poison any further . coriolanus ( explode ) " shall remain " ! hear you this triton of the minnow ? Mark you his absolute " shall " ? brutus why , should the people give one that speak thus they voice ? coriolanus I will give my reason , more worthier than they voice ! menenius try to pull he away , coriolanus shake free and continue the attack : 51 coriolanus by jove himself , it make the consul base ; and my soul ache to know , when two authority be up , neither supreme , how soon confusion , May enter ' twixt the gap of both and take the one by the other . the crowd roar angrily -- coriolanus spin on they : coriolanus thus we debase the nature of we seat , and make the rabble call we care fear ; which will in time break ope the lock of the Senate , and bring in the crow to peck the eagle ! menenius come , enough ! brutus enough , with over -measure . sicinius ( call to the mob ) he have speak like a traitor , and shall answer as traitor do ! at the word " traitor " coriolanus lose all reason , he be FIRE : coriolanus thou wretch , despite overwhelm thee ! brutus manifest treason ! sicinius this be a consul ? no ! coriolanus hence , old goat ! coriolanus grab sicinius roughly and fling he aside -- at this -- the crowd roar in outrage -- the tv crew hustle for position -- menenius pull coriolanus off : 52 . menenius on both side more respect ! sicinius ( call to the crowd ) here 's he that would take from you all you power ! the crowd react angrily -- surging forward against the restraint of the police . we see grim riot police march into position . the crowd be not intimidate , they be spoil for a fight . the tribune provoke the crowd even more , escalate and building the fever : brutus you be at point to lose you liberty ! martius would have all from you , martius , whom late you have name for consul . sicinius what be the city but the people ?! tamora true ! the people be the city ! sicinius we do here pronounce , upon the part of the people , martius be worthy of present death ! a huge roar from the mob . panic and violence building . fast and overlapping : brutus Guards , seize he ! coriolanus no , I will die here ! brutus Lay hand upon he ! sicinius ( to the crowd ) help , ye citizen ! at he cue -- the civil violence threaten from the open moment of this story finally explode -- 53. with cassius and tamora in the forefront , the crowd attack the police -- riot Police march in , slamm ahead with riot shield and truncheon -- the mob fight back with anything at hand -- some be armed with club and knife , other snatch up garbage can and newspaper vend machine , throw they , smash window , battle the police , kick and punch and scream -- it be civil disobedience . but it be also drunken , thug violence . terrify in its intensity -- menenius get titus and cominius to hustle coriolanus away -- menenius go , get you to you house ! be go , away ! all will be naught else -- cominius come , sir , along with we -- they hurry coriolanus away -- the riot Police , outnumber , start fire tear gas into the crowd -- scream -- tv news crew filming -- chaotic , flurry violence -- shaky tv image , cell phone video -- choke , acrid gas -- it be a terrifying descent into public madness as all order break down . Rome be bloody . int . senate -office - dusk menenius and the tribune be gather in a darken office for some high - stake politick . tamora , she face bloody from the riot , be with they . so too some supporter on either side . 54 . menenius ( urgently ) as I do know the consul 's worthiness , so can I name he fault -- sicinius consul ! what consul ? menenius the consul coriolanus . brutus he consul ?! sicinius it be decreed he die tonight . tamora he 's a disease that must be cut away . menenius 0 , he 's a limb that have but a disease : mortal , to cut it off ; to cure it , easy . what have he do to Rome that 's worth he death ? eh ? killing we enemy ?! he see that he word be have some effect , he press the point : menenius the blood he hath lose -- he drop it for he country . some in the room murmur agreement . brutus we will hear no more -- menenius consider this : he have be breed in the war since he could draw a sword , and be ill schooled in graceful language give I leave , I will go to he , and undertake to bring he where he shall answer by a lawful form , in peace , to he utmost peril . pro-coriolanus senator Noble tribune , it be the humane way . 55 . another senator the other course will prove too bloody , and the end of it unknown to the beginning . sicinius be about to retort when brutus stop he . brutus assent , assume the voice of reason : brutus be you then as the people 's officer . menenius and coriolanus ' supporter be relieved . brutus if you bring not martius , we will proceed in we first way . menenius I will bring he to you . he go quickly . brutus turn to sicinius and tamora and begin to quietly explain he plan . int . martius villa -corridor - day coriolanus stride angrily down a long corridor , in and out of shaft of light , seethe to titus : coriolanus let they pull all about mine ear , present I death on the wheel or at wild horse ' heel , yet will I still be thus to they --! titus martius -- coriolanus ( continuing unabated ) I muse my mother do not approve I further ! he slam through a door to the live room ... int . villa -- live room - day and stomp to confront he mother , who be currently conspire with menenius and a few Senators . 56 . coriolanus ( to volumnia , angrily ) I talk of you ! why do you wish I milder ? would you have I false to my nature ? Rather say I play the man I be ! she be equally tough with he , not give a inch , snap right back : volumnia 0 , sir , sir , sir , I would have have you put you power well on , before you have wear it out . coriolanus let go ! volumnia you might have be enough the man you be , with strive less to be so ! coriolanus let they hang ! volumnia av , and burn too ! her outrage fury match he . overpower he . menenius ( to coriolanus ) come , come , you have be too rough , something too rough . you must return and mend it . coriolanus turn away . volumnia pray , be counsel . I have a heart as little apt as yours , but yet a brain that lead my use of anger to better vantage . menenius well say , noble woman ! coriolanus what must I do ? 57 . menenius return to the tribune . coriolanus well , what then ? what then ? menenius repent what you have speak . coriolanus for they ? I can not do it to the god . must I then do it to they ? volumnia you be too absolute , though therein you can never be too noble . coriolanus ( upset , walk away ) why force you this ? she pursue he : volumnia because that now it lie you on to speak to the people , not by you own instruction , nor by the matter which you heart prompt you , but with such word that be but rehearsed in you tongue , though but bastard and syllable of no allowance to you bosom 's truth ... she move closer to he . her voice lower . a sort of seduction . volumnia I would dissemble with my nature where my fortune and my friend at stake require I should do so in honor ... she be very close now . whisper . she touch he gently , like a lover . volumnia I be in this you wife , you son , this senator , the noble and you . a long beat . all be silent , watch she spin she web . 58 . volumnia I prithee now , my son , go and say to they thou art they soldier , and be breed in broil have not the soft way in ask they good love ; but thou will frame thyself , forsooth , hereafter theirs . menenius this but do , even as she speak , why they heart be yours . volumnia prithee now , go , and be rule ... ( laugh to he ) although I know thou hadst rather follow thine enemy in a fiery gulf than flatter he in a bower . coriolanus smile . a genuinely sweet moment between they . cominius enter with several other political supporter . cominius Sir , it be fit you make strong party , or defend yourself by calmness or by absence . all 's in anger . menenius only fair speech . cominius I think it will serve , if he can thereto frame he spirit . volumnia he must -- and will . ( to coriolanus ) prithee now , say you will , and go about it . coriolanus must I with base tongue give my noble heart a lie that it must bear ? . well , I will do it . but he be still agitate . volumnia share a concerned glance with menenius . 59 . coriolanus ( bitterly ) away , my disposition , and possess I some harlot 's spirit . a beggar 's tongue make motion through my lip , and my armed knee , who bow but in my stirrup , bend like he that hath charity receive ! the think of begging be too much , he reject it , break away : coriolanus I will not do it ! lest I cease to honor mine own truth and by my body 's action teach my mind a most inherent baseness . volumnia snarl at he , exasperate , building to a thunder that dwarf he : volumnia at thy choice , then ! to beg of thee , it be my more dishonor than thou of they . come all to ruin ! let thy mother rather feel thy pride than fear thy dangerous stoutness , for I mock at death with as biq heart as thou ! do as you like ! the word echo . it be as if he have be slap . his resolve vanish . coriolanus pray , be content ... mother , I be go , chide I no more . he await she approval . she will not yet grant it . coriolanus look , I be go ... commend I to my wife . I will return consul , or never trust to what my tongue can do in the way of flattery further . she graciously bow to he . 60 . volumnia do you will . then she kiss he . and she go . like a queen . volumnia triumphant . always . then a shocking hard cut to : int . television studio - day a crowded tv studio . the audience stand be fill up . Television camera . light . heavy security . on the stage : the set for a chat show . translight of a city skyline behind the set . two stand microphone . at the side of the set , sicinius and brutus be conspire with the two citizen activist , cassius and tamora : brutus ( to sicinius ) in this point charge he home : that he affect tyrannical power . if he evade we there , enforce he with he envy to the people . sicinius ( to tamora ) have you a catalogue of all the voice that we have procure set down by the poll ? tamora I have ; it 's ready . sicinius when the people hear I say " it shall be so in the right and strength of the commons , " be it either for death , for fine , or banishment , then let they , if I say " Fine , " cry " Fine ! " - if " death , " cry " death ! " tamora we shall inform they . 61 cassius and tamora hurry off to instruct and manipulate the crowd as best they can . they mix with the audience in the stand . meanwhile -- a gloomy but resolve coriolanus walk with cominius and menenius between the tier of audience , on the way to the set . cominius arm yourself to answer mildly , for they be prepare with accusation , as I hear , more strong than be upon you yet . coriolanus the word be " mildly . " pray you , let we go . let they accuse I by invention , I will answer in mine honor . menenius ay , but mildly . coriolanus well , mildly be it then . mildly ! coriolanus steel himself as they emerge from between the stand and head toward the set . tv news crew be wait . blind light snap on . the crowd , on see coriolanus , let out a roar . deafen and savage . we see cassius and tamora move through the crowd , instigate , convincing , implore . coriolanus ignore it all . imperious to the end . brutus and sicinius wait on the set . brutus ( whisper to sicinius ) put he to choler straight . coriolanus and he supporter move to the stage . coriolanus glare at the tribune . the tv crew take up position . menenius gesture for coriolanus to step to the microphone , whisper to he : 62 . menenius calmly , I do beseech you . coriolanus step to the microphone . brutus gesture for the crowd to quiet down . we see bit of this scene through the monitor on the tv camera . when the crowd be silent , coriolanus begin to make a rehearsed speech : coriolanus the honore god -- but he voice echoe badly with reverb . menenius adjust the microphone . coriolanus begin again , quickly and by rote : coriolanus the honore god keep Rome in safety , and the chair of justice supplied with worthy man . Plant love among we . throng we large temple with the show of peace , and not we street with war . cominius amen , amen . menenius a noble wish . his boilerplate speech over , coriolanus turn to sicinius who be at the other stand microphone : coriolanus shall I be charge no further than this present ? must all determine here ? sicinius I do demand , if you submit you to the people 's voice . coriolanus I be content . 63. int . villa -- live room - day volumnia watch the proceedings closely on tv . she be pleased with she son 's performance so far . int . television studio - day menenius , ever the people 's friend , step to the microphone : menenius lo , citizen , he say he be content . the warlike service he have do , consider ; think upon the wound he body bear , which show like grave in the holy churchyard . coriolanus ( uncomfortable with this ) scratch with brier , scar to move laughter only . int . apartment - day aufidius sit with several of he officer , lean forward , watch the drama unfold on tv . int . television studio - day menenius consider further , that when he speak not like a citizen , you find he like a soldier . do not take his rougher accent for malicious sound , but , as I say , such as become a soldier . coriolanus cut in , he impatience get the better of he : coriolanus what be the matter that be pass for consul with full voice , I be so dishonor that the very hour you take it off again ? sicinius we charge you that you have contrive to take from Rome all seasoned office , and to wind yourself into a power tyrannical ( more ) 64 . sicinius ( cont 'd ) ( the coup de grace ) for which you be a traitor to the people . coriolanus respond , a cobra strike : coriolanus how ? traitor ?! menenius ( alarm ) nay , temperately ! you promise . coriolanus the fire in the lowest hell fold in the people ! call I they traitor , thou injurious tribune ! sicinius ( calling ) Mark you this , people ?! the crowd respond , egge on by cassius and tamora . a murmur of voice , a chant grow , " traitor traitor traitor ... " brutus cleverly play the reasonable voice , know he word will further rile coriolanus : brutus but since he hath served well for Rome -- coriolanus ( snap ) what do you prate of service ? brutus I talk of that , that know it . coriolanus you ?! I will know no further . let they pronounce death , exile , flaying , pent to linger but with a grain a day - I would not buy they mercy at the price of one fair word ! 65 . int . villa -- live room - day volumnia watch , alarmed now . she know this rage will prove to be disastrous for she son . int . television studio - day sicinius seize the moment to destroy coriolanus , bark into the microphone : sicinius in the name of the people and in the power of we the tribune , we , even from this instant , banish he we city ! in the people 's name , I say it shall be so ! well - rehearse by cassius and tamora , many in the crowd respond with a fierce cry : crowd it shall be so ! it shall be so ! let he away ! tamora he 's banish ! it shall be so ! crowd it shall be so ! it shall be so ! it shall be so ...! cassius and tamora keep the crowd at a fever pitch -- they keep chant and railing -- a building seismic rumble -- cominius ( stepping forward ) hear I , my master , and my common friend --! sicinius he 's sentence . no more hearing . cominius let I speak ! the crowd 's fury be building -- it be all about to erupt -- 66 . brutus there 's no more to be say , but he be banished as enemy to the people and he country . it shall be so ! crowd it shall be so ! it shall be so ! it shall be so ...! and then -- coriolanus explode -- his rage be volcanic -- he slam the stand microphone away -- his dragon 's roar silence the entire studio-- coriolanus you common cry of cur ! a collective intake of breath -- the crowd be stunne -- coriolanus whose breath I hate as reek of the rotten fen , whose love I prize as the dead carcass of unbury man that do corrupt my air ... ( each word a attack ) I banish you ! the crowd be silent . no one dare to even breathe . at the villa : volumnia watch , freeze , breathless . in the apartment : aufidius stand , rivete . back in the studio : coriolanus here remain with you uncertainty . let every feeble rumor shake you heart ! you enemy , with nodd of they plume , fan you into despair ! have the power still to banish you defender , till at length you ignorance - which find not till it feel , ( more ) 67 . coriolanus ( cant 'd ) make but reservation of yourselves ; still you own foe - deliver you as most abate captive to some nation that win you without blow ! a beat . the tv camera hum . the crowd be silent . menenius and the other watch in amazement . coriolanus slowly take one last , long look at the people of Rome . then : coriolanus despise , for you , the city , thus I turn my back . he turn and slowly walk toward one of the tunnel lead from the studio . the crowd follow every step with they eye . he stop . turn back . steel . coriolanus there be a world elsewhere . and he go down the tunnel . disappear from view . a silent beat . then , a chill cry of absolutely jacobin bloodlust from the stand : tamora the people 's enemy be go ! the crowd scream they approval . the savage cry echoe around the studio . the echoing roar take we to ... 68 . ext . wasteland checkpoint - dawn the outskirt of Rome be a urban wasteland . abandon factory . rusting car . overgrown vacant lot . collapsing advertising billboard . there be a lonely gas station in the distance , its neon sign glow a lurid green in the gray dawn light . we be at a Roman checkpoint on the highway into the city . a guardhouse and barrier . some barb wire barricade . bore soldier . several car pull up to the checkpoint . two Roman security suv . menenius ' familiar limousine . and volumnia 's enormous bentley . Security Guards climb out of they vehicle , light cigarettes and chat with the soldier man the checkpoint . menenius , titus and cominius climb from menenius ' limousine . int . volumniax bentley - dawn meanwhile , inside the bentley , coriolanus be comforting he wife and mother : coriolanus ( to VIRGILIA ) come , leave you tear . a brief farewell . the beast with many head butt I away . VIRGILIA 0 heavens 0 heavens volumnia have tear in she eye as well . coriolanus be surprisingly unsentimental and tough with she : coriolanus nay , mother , where be you ancient courage ? volumnia now the red pestilence strike all trade in Rome , and occupation perish ! coriolanus nay , mother , I shall be love when I be lack . she nod to he , she have regain she composure . 69 . only then do they climb from the car . ext . wasteland checkpoint - dawn coriolanus take he leave : coriolanus ( embracing titus ) bid I farewell . titus farewell , martius . coriolanus ( embracing cominius ) cominius , droop not , adieu . I will do well yet . he go to menenius , who be genuinely distraught . for all he political machination , he truly care for coriolanus . coriolanus be move to see menenius so emotional . coriolanus thou old and true menenius , thy tear be salter than a young mar n's , and venomous to thine eye . menenius ( deeply ) if I could shake off but seven year I would go with thee every foot . they embrace . then coriolanus know it be time to go . he pick up a travel bag and sling it over he shoulder . look back at he friend and family . a beat . a certain darkness creep into he expression . a ominous resolve . coriolanus you shall hear from I still . he turn and look to the distance . mile and mile of wasteland and desolation . 70 . his future . coriolanus I go alone , like to a lonely dragon . he stride off . the soldier man the checkpoint raise the barrier . coriolanus walk under it . and begin walk down the long highway away from Rome . the only sound be the cold , lonely moan of the wind . we fade to ... ext . / int . exile sequence - day / night coriolanus ' exile . we see he long odyssey . it be a grueling physical journey -- and also something of a spiritual challenge . he be solitary and without comfort : vulnerable to the element and also to the demon of he own psyche . we see he as ... he walk along the barren highway . trash pile along the road . a car zoom past . whoosh . he be lose in dust ... blaze heat , like a furnace , as he trudge over desert terrain . Burning oil well blacken the sky in the distance ... isolate , within himself , as he walk past the detritus of war a burn out tank a mountain of rusted artillery shell skeleton bleach in the sun ... his clothes be dusty and dirty now . a sandstorm . he wrap a scarf around he head , like a burnoose . only he eye visible now ... a gypsy boy in tatter clothing riding a white horse pass he . the boy look at he intently as he pass ... we get a sense of he move into different terrain , up into a mountain range , climb ... then descend . pour rain . lightn sparking . he be almost a romantic figure now . byronic . wrapped in a cloak against the wildness of nature ; the chiaroscuro flash of light illuminate he haunt eye ... 71 . we end at ... ext . outside antium - night coriolanus stand . like a statue . all he life in he blaze eye . he be stare at a small town in the distance . we see a sign : antium . his destination since he begin . the home of he nemesis , the hate aufidius . he begin to walk to the town . int . politico bar - day meanwhile , back in Rome , brutus and sicinius be have lunch at they usual hangout . they see volumnia enter the restaurant , pull virgilia after she . a ambush . she head toward the tribune . volumnia 's eye have the grim intensity of a predator . she look strangely wild . brutus here come he mother . sicinius ( prepare to go ) let 's not meet she . they say she 's mad . volumnia stalk up to they : volumnia 0 , you be well meet . the hoard plague of the god requite you love ! the tribune try to leave , she will not let they : volumnia will you be go ? VIRGILIA you shall stay too . I would I have the power to say so to my husband . sicinius be you mad ? 72 . volumnia ay , fool , be that a shame ? note but this , fool : hadst thou craft to banish he that strike more blow for rome than thou hast speak word ? sicinius ( try to escape ) 0 bless heaven ... volumnia be create a scene . head be turn . she continue she attack on sicinius , but be distract and jumbled : volumnia more noble blow than ever thou wise word , and for Rome 's good . I will tell thee what - yet go -- nay -- but thou shalt stay too -- I would my son be in Arabia , and thy tribe before he , his good sword in he hand . sicinius what then ? VIRGILIA what then ? he would make a end of thy posterity . volumnia bastard and all . menenius have enter the bar , see the trouble he go to they , try to calm volumnia : menenius come , come , peace ... brutus pray , let we go . he try to leave the bar . volumnia stop he for final attack , something like a curse in its power : volumnia now , pray , sir , get you go . you have do a brave deed . ere you go , hear this : ( grab VIRGILIA ) ( more ) 73. volumnia ( cont 'd ) this lady 's husband here , this , do you see ?!-- whom you have banish , do exceed you all . brutus well , well , we will leave you . sicinius why stay we to be bait with one that want she wit ? volumnia I would the god have nothing else to do but to confirm my curse ! menenius gently restrain volumnia and the tribune finally escape the bar . volumnia take a breath , control herself . volumnia could I meet ' they but once a day , it would unclog my heart of what lie heavy to it . menenius you have tell they home ; and , by my troth , you have cause . you will sup with I ? she turn to he . a cold and kill fire in she eye . volumnia anger 's my meat . I sup upon myself , and so shall starve with feed . she take virgilia 's hand and drag she out . menenius watch . sadden . once proud volumnia , reduce to this . ext . antium - night antium be a old volscian city go to seed . it be Latin in flavor , something like Havana . there be life to the place , a certain humid vitality . someone be sing in a bar . Old man be play dominos on a patio . flicker tv and radio babel from terrace apartment building . 74 . coriolanus , he face still shroud in the burnoose , like a Hamas soldier , move through the street . he take in the life of the town as he walk . study the face of the volscian around he . coriolanus see a heavily - guard apartment building at the end of the street . jeeps and soldier . coriolanus approach with stealth , move in and out of shadow along the street , ducking into doorway and alley , take advantage of the darkness . he stop . step into the shadow . for he see ... aufidius . walk with a few of he officer . aufidius be beloved in antium . he have a easy manner with the people . he stop and chat . laugh with they . he dance for a moment with a little girl . coriolanus watch from the shadow , he expression complex . there be real envy . aufidius have such a comfortable way with the common people , he 's natural , unaffected . aufidius joke with the little girl 's parent for a moment and then move on . coriolanus watch aufidius and he man go into a apartment building . he scan the building with the eye of a special force soldier . he see that the soldier guard the building be bored , it be perfunctory work . two young women , perhaps hooker , move past the front of the building , flirt with the soldier . the soldier call and whistle to they , delighted . coriolanus use this distraction to slip into the shadow behind the soldier and sneak into the building ... int . apartment build - corridor - night coriolanus move again with stealth , head toward what be clearly the center of the action : a noisy room on the second floor . the doorway be guard by two serious guard . this be not the bored soldier out front , this be grim and intense warrior . 75 . coriolanus consider he course . decide . take a breath . focus . he be like ice now . he move -- a steady stride -- he walk right up to the Guards -- before they can even respond -- he punch one hard in the throat -- the Guard recoil , gasp for air -- simultaneously , coriolanus slam he other hand violently over the entire face of the second Guard -- grab he face firmly and shove he back into the door -- so hard that the door slam aside -- and coriolanus shove the Guard into -- int . aufidius ' chamber - night aufidius be have dinner with some of he man , they wife and some child -- the soldier bolt up , upsetting the table , smash dish -- pull gun -- alarmed -- as coriolanus power in , still hold the second Guard by the face -- he fling the Guard aside -- aufidius and he man , all point weapon at coriolanus , be stunne . a long beat . coriolanus ' face be still mask by the burnoose . only he cold eye be visible . aufidius whence come thou ? what wouldst thou ? thy name ? coriolanus do not respond . 76 . aufidius be grow uneasy . his man be tense , ready to open fire at any second . aufidius speak , man ! what 's thy name ? coriolanus a name unmusical to the volscian ' ear , and harsh in sound to thine . the other Guard from outside , and several other soldier , rush in . weapon draw , surround coriolanus . he do not move a muscle . aufidius , intrigue by the stranger 's courage , wave he man off . aufidius say , what 's thy name ? thou have a grim appearance . what 's thy name ? coriolanus know'st thou I yet ? aufidius I know thee not thy name ? finally , coriolanus remove he burnoose . his face be expose . the volscian be stunne . coriolanus my name be caius martius , who hath do to thee particularly and to all the volsces great hurt and mischief ; thereto witness may my surname coriolanus . the volscian look to aufidius , very nervous , unsure how to proceed . aufidius just stare back at coriolanus , staggered . coriolanus only that name remain . aufidius do not understand . coriolanus explain : coriolanus the cruelty and envy of the people , who have all forsook I , hath devoure the rest , and suffer I by the voice of slave to be ( more ) 77 . coriolanus ( cant 'd ) whoop out of Rome . now this extremity hath bring I to thy hearth , not out of hope - mistake I not - to save my life ; for if I have fear death , of all the man in the world I would have avoid thee , but in mere spite , to be full quit of that my banisher , stand I before thee here . coriolanus dare to take a step toward aufidius -- the volscian react . gun be raise , finger tight on triggers , a instant from open fire -- coriolanus carefully hold out he arm . he 's unarm . aufidius nod to he man . they hold they fire . coriolanus slowly cross the room toward aufidius . step by step . they eye be lock . nothing else in the world exist . coriolanus I will fight against my canker country with the spleen of all the under fiend . but if thou dare not this , then I present my throat to thee and to thy ancient malice ... coriolanus stop right in front of aufidius and slowly , carefully , undoe he collar . expose he naked throat . bend back he head . ready for execution . coriolanus which not to cut would show thee but a fool , since I have ever follow thee with hate , and can not live but to thy shame unless it be to do thee service . a long beat . aufidius stare at coriolanus . the volscian watch , eye wide , too tense to do anything now . 78 . aufidius just continue to stare at coriolanus . eye lock . coriolanus blink some sweat from he eye . this tiny , human response spark something in aufidius . aufidius o martius martius each word thou hast speak hath weede from my heart a root of ancient envy . he offer he hand . coriolanus take it . aufidius continue to hold he by the hand , rather intensely , speak low : aufidius let I twine mine arm about that body . he embrace coriolanus . aufidius ' man finally relax . weapon be lower . relieved glance exchange . some of the volscian , though , be clearly suspicious of coriolanus . they watch aufidius and coriolanus , concerned . aufidius still can not quite believe he ancient enemy be now he newest ally . aufidius know thou I love the may I marry ; never man sighed truer breath . but that I see thee here , thou noble thing , more dance my rapt heart than when I first my wedd mistress see bestride my threshold . coriolanus glance to he , perhaps a little disturb or embarrassed by the intensity of aufidius ' word . aufidius step away from he , gesture for coriolanus to sit . aufidius why , thou Mars , I tell thee , we have a power on foot , and I have purpose once more to hew thy target from thy brawn , ( more ) 79 . aufidius ( cont 'd ) or lose mine arm for it . thou hast beat I out twelve several time , and I have nightly since dreamt of encounter ' twixt thyself and I . aufidius continue quietly , almost whisper : aufidius Worthy martius , have we no quarrel else to Rome , but that thou art thence banish , we would muster all from twelve to seventy , and , pour war into the bowel of ungrateful Rome , like a bold flood , overbear it . int . shower room - night coriolanus sit , naked . he have finally wash off the layer of dirt from he journey . a old woman be use a electric razor to shave he head . aufidius be stand in the doorway to the room . watch . his eye move over coriolanus ' body , add up the scar and wound . a pause . then aufidius go to the old woman . take the razor from she . she go . aufidius continue to shave coriolanus ' head himself . it be a deeply personal act , even intimate yet aufidius employ the same methodical rhythm as when he be sharpen he knife at the open of the story . int . apartment build - war room - night the volscian military command center . Maps , recon photo and radio equipment . stack of grenade launcher and arm . aufidius ' captain and aide wait alongside some bedraggle volsce politician in ill-fitting suit . aufidius usher coriolanus in : 80 . aufidius 0 , come , go in , and take we friendly senator by the hand . coriolanus shake hand with the politician : coriolanus you bless I , god . then aufidius take he to a huge military map laid out on a pool table . Rome and she territory . Strategic marker denote Roman force and volscian force . aufidius therefore , most absolute sir , if thou wilt have the lead of thine own revenge , take the one half of my commission . the volscian soldier and politico be shocked . aufidius be give coriolanus command of half he force ! aufidius and set down --- as best thou art experience , since thou know thy country 's strength and weakness --- thine own way , whether to knock against the gate of Rome , or rudely visit they in part remote , to fright they ere destroy . aufidius look at coriolanus hard . there it be . the gauntlet be throw down . coriolanus will have to completely betray Rome : expose she military weakness , tell she secret . for all he neurotic intensity , aufidius be a shrewd man . coriolanus nod and turn to the battle map , move various marker around to show Rome 's defensive position . aufidius watch he with machiavellian calm . int . politico bar - day several week later , back in Rome , politics go on as usual . menenius be pass the tribune ' table . they josh with he : brutus be this menenius ? 81 sicinius ' tis he , 'tis he ! 0 , he be grow most kind of late . hail sir ! menenius hail to you both . sicinius you coriolanus be not much miss , but with he friend . menenius all 's well , and might have be much better if he could have temporize . sicinius where be he , hear you ? menenius nay , I hear nothing . his mother and he wife hear nothing from he . brutus caius martius be a worthy officer in the war , but insolent , overcome with pride , ambitious past all think , self -loving -- menenius I think not so . sicinius and Rome sit safe and still without he . they be distract when people begin talk loudly , alarmed , at the bar . they hush each other and watch the tv over the bar . something have happen . on the tv : a special report . break News . a scroll across the bottom of the screen read " the volscian on the March ? " tv anchorman ( on tv ) report the volsc with two several power be enter in the Roman territory , and with the deep malice of the war destroy what lie before they ... 82. the whole bar be grow quiet now . all watch the tv , which show grainy indistinct image -- like cell phone picture -- of troops and tank . menenius ' tis aufidius , who , hearing of we martius ' banishment , thrusts forth he horn again into the world . sicinius ( nervous ) come , what talk you of martius ? brutus it can not be the volsc dare break with we . tv anchorman ( on tv ) the noble in great earnestness be go all to the Senate House . some news be coming that turn they countenance ... ( he listen to he ear piece for a second ) yes , the first report be seconded , and more , more fearful , be deliver . the tv picture switch to a flustered tv reporter outside the Senate . a lot of nervous activity behind he . tv reporter ( on tv ) it be speak freely out of many mouth - how probable I do not know - that martius have ioin with aufidius -- there be a audible gasp in the bar -- quickly silence and hushed so all can hear the tv : tv reporter ( on tv ) -- he lead a power against Rome , and vow revenge as spacious as between the youngest and oldest thing . something close to terror on the face of the politico . menenius , without a word , go . he do not want to believe this be possible . 83. int . villa -- bedroom - night virgilia lie on she bed . on the tv a imbed war correspondent be give a update , intercut with shaky and unclear image of the volscian army on the move : tv war correspondent ( on tv ) a fearful army , lead by caius martius Associated with aufidius , rage upon we territory , and have already overborne they way , consume with fire , and take what lay before they . int . villa -- live room - night volumnia sit , almost freeze , smoking , watch the tv . her emotion be deep and dark . her son , to she the model of all Roman virtue , have betrayed he country . tv war correspondent ( on tv ) martius have join with the volscian - he be they god . he lead they like boy pursue summer butterfly or butcher kill fly . Close up on volumnia 's face . she give away practically nothing . she take a slow drag on she cigarette . ext . volscian camp - day urban industrial wasteland . Old factory and abandon warehouse . Broken asphalt . smashed window . the volscian have set up camp here . on the decaye fringe of the city . we see military hardware . guns. missile launcher . armore vehicle . Soldiers be clean weapon , cooking meal , sleep , play video game . then ... 84 . a incongruous sight ... a old barber chair float past . move across the blue sky . carry overhead by a group of volscian soldier . but there be something different about this volscian soldier . they have alter they uniform into something pagan and primitive . all have shave head . many have face tattoo or wear strike war paint . it be like something from lord of the fly . they set the barber chair down outside a abandon factory . this shattered and abandon factory be coriolanus ' domain . it be decorate with human skull . the camp barber , a fat man in a greasy butcher 's apron , begin to strop he razor . hard core young soldier line up to have they head shave . they be coriolanus ' acolyte . there be no sign of coriolanus himself . aufidius and he lieutenant stand on the fringe , disturb by the strange cult of personality that have grow up around coriolanus . aufidius do they still fly to coriolanus ? lieutenant I do not know what witchcraft 's in he , but you soldier use he as the grace before meat , they talk at table , and they thanks at end . and you be darken in this action , sir . aufidius he bear himself more proud , even to my person , than I think he would when first I do embrace he . they turn and walk to the building where aufidius be quartered : lieutenant Sir , I beseech you , think you he will carry Rome ? 85 . aufidius ( grim ) I think he will be to Rome as be the osprey to the fish , who take it by sovereignty of nature . aufidius nod to the guard outside he quarter and enter with he Lieutenant ... int . volscian camp - aufidius ' quarter - day a shattered building . Old graffiti on the wall . weapon . maps. aufidius ' gear . aufidius sit on he cot , deep in think . he pull a fold bit of paper from he pocket . carefully and lovingly unfold it . he have be carry this paper for month . we realize it be the glossy magazine cover with the picture of coriolanus that aufidius tore out earlier . he gaze at the picture , he finger smoothing the paper , trace the contour of coriolanus ' face ... aufidius whether t'was pride , whether defect of judgement , or whether nature , not to be other than one thing , make he fear , so hate , and so banish . a beat as he study the picture . his lieutenant watch he closely , disturb by aufidius ' obsession with coriolanus . aufidius so we virtue lie in the interpretation of the time . he bring the picture closer , whisper now : aufidius one fire drive out one fire ; one nail , one nail ; rights by rights founder , strength by strength do fail and when , caius , Rome be thine , ( more ) 86 . aufidius ( cont 'd ) thou art poorest of all -- then shortly art thou mine . int . roman war room - day Rome be at war now , so the room be busy and tense . Maps and video footage chart the enemy 's progress . Soldiers confer urgently outside the door . menenius stand with the two tribune , brutus and sicinius . with they be several senator and general . menenius snap angrily : menenius no , I will not go ! sicinius ( imploring ) good menenius -- menenius go , you that banish he ! a mile before he tent fall down , and knee the way into he mercy . they stop when titus enter with General cominius . titus be dusty , have just come from somewhere . he be pale . truly shake . menenius and the other crowd around he , wait for he report . titus sit , take a moment to pull himself together , and then report with the grim severity of a death sentence : titus he would not seem to know I . a beat . titus I urge we old acquaintance , and the drop that we have ble together . " coriolanus " he would not answer to , forbade all name ... a long beat . they wait for he to go on . titus search for the word to continue . 87 . titus he be a kind of nothing . ( a difficult beat ) titleless ... till he have forge himself a name in the FIRE of burn Rome . he have no more to say , he head drop . menenius begin to leave the room . the tribune stop he , lead he to a secluded corner : sicinius if you refuse you aid in this -- brutus if you would be you country 's pleader , you good tongue , more than the instant army we can make , might stop we countryman . menenius no , I will not meddle . sicinius pray you , go to he . menenius what should I do ? brutus stop he , with real emotion : brutus only make trial what you love can do for Rome towards martius . menenius well , and say that martius return I , as titus be return , unheard - what then ? sicinius yet you good will must have that thanks from Rome . menenius think about it . brutus you know the very road into he kindness , and can not lose you way . 88. menenius , despite all still a patriot at heart , decide . menenius I will undertake it I think he will hear I . the tribune be relieved . cominius nod and escort menenius out . brutus and sicinius return to titus . titus he will never hear he . sicinius no ? titus I tell you , he do sit in gold , he eye Red as it would burn Rome . ext . checkpoint -highway - day the Roman checkpoint on the desolate highway . a formidable military presence here now : soldier , heavy weapon , tank . volscian troops and a jeep can be see down the highway . we see menenius ' limousine pull up . he and General cominius climb out . menenius be out of place in he trim business suit : a politician among soldier . menenius steel himself then pass through the Roman checkpoint . he walk down the highway toward the distant volscian troops . ext . volscian camp - day menenius be blindfolded , roughly pull by two volscian soldier . we hear some of the soldier hoot at he . we stay close on menenius ' blindfolded face , share he feel of disorientation and suspense . the volscian drag he into the abandon factory -- 89 . int . abandoned factory - day finally he guard stop he and pull off he blindfold -- revealing - coriolanus . transform . and terrifying . he be no longer Roman . he be not volscian . he be , as titus say , " a kind of nothing . " he sit in the barber chair . his head be completely shave . his face be mark with martial face painting . this strike totemic marking also cover he scar body . he be primitive . inhuman . like a dragon . the angel of death . his young warrior acolyte -- similarly shave and paint -- be gather around he ; he personal bodyguard and cult . a long beat as menenius stare at he friend , stunne at the pagan metamorphosis . coriolanus just gaze back at he . menenius finally pull himself together and approach , with fulsome bravado : menenius the glorious god sit in hourly synod about thy particular prosperity , and love thee no worse than thy old friend menenius do ! 0 martius , martius ! he step forward to hug coriolanus . two of the acolyte stop he . he can approach no further . menenius accept this . no matter . he be completely confident he will be able to manipulate he protege . he always have in the past . menenius thou art prepare fire for we . look thee , here 's water to quench it . I be hardly move to come to thee , but be assure none but myself could move thee , I have be blow out of you gate with sigh , and conjure thee to pardon Rome . 90 . a long beat . menenius wait for a answer . grow uneasy . then ... coriolanus away . menenius how ? . away ? coriolanus ( ice ) wife mother child I know not . my affayr be servant to other . menenius can not believe this cold response -- menenius sir -- coriolanus therefore be go . his frigid eye slice into menenius : coriolanus another word , menenius , I will not hear thee speak . menenius stare at he , shake to the core . the Guards pull menenius away . coriolanus do not even glance at he . ext . checkpoint -highway - day back at the Roman checkpoint , menenius stride toward he limousine . he have be deeply shake by he interaction with the transformed coriolanus . General cominius follow urgently , menenius do not stop : menenius this martius be grow from man to dragon . he have wing ; he 's more than a creep thing . he stop at he limo . 91 . a beat . he turn back to cominius . we see the pain in menenius ' eye . menenius there be no more mercy in he than there be milk in a male tiger . he climb into he limo . shut the door . the limousine drive off , send up a cloud of dust that swirl around cominius . int . menenius ' limo - day menenius sit in the back of he limo as it speed back to Rome . the rejection by coriolanus have wounded he . also he be plague by guilt . he help create this monster . he push coriolanus into politics . and now coriolanus have lose he soul , even he humanity , and Rome be to be put to the sword . all he fault . this prey on he . ext . train track - day menenius ' limousine pull over by a isolate set of railroad track . weed spring up . batter advertising poster . a old chain link fence . menenius climb out of the car and walk along the track . think . he stop . he sit on the railroad track . pull out a little pocket knife and , in the Roman fashion , efficiently slit he wrist . he stare out over the hideous landscape . blood begin to pool around he stylish shoe . from afar we see he , sit on the railroad track , alone and forlorn in this surreal urban wasteland , like a Samuel beckett character . he slump over . 92 . menenius be dead . int . abandoned factory - sunset the red glow of dusk be shine through the crack and dusty window . coriolanus , still in the barber chair , brood silently . aufidius sit nearby , watch he . the visit from menenius be troubling coriolanus . coriolanus my partner in this action , you must report to the volscian lord how plainly I have borne this business . aufidius be curiously formal in he response , the estrangement he feel toward coriolanus grow : aufidius only they end you have respected ; stop you ear against the general suit of Rome ; never admit a private whisper , no , not with such friend that think they sure of you . coriolanus this last old man , whom with a crack heart I have send to Rome , love I above the measure of a father . shout and whistle from outside the factory draw they attention . ext . volscian camp - sunset volumnia , virgilia and Young martius stride past the soldier and mountain of military hardware . volumnia lead , pull the other by the hand . some of the soldier whistle . some spit . other laugh and make lascivious noise . many just watch with grim dislike . volumnia appear to be completely impervious to the whistle and cruel taunt . her head be high , back straight , eagle eye forward . she be never more a Roman patrician . 93. she be magnificent . int . abandoned factory - sunset coriolanus stand as volumnia , virgilia and Young martius be lead into the factory . he try to register nothing , assume a sort of glacial calm . volumnia and the other stop -- take in coriolanus ' savage new demeanor and appearance -- take in the acolyte and pagan totem . volumnia just stand , peer sternly at she son . as if dare he not to crumble before she . he do not . aufidius watch everything closely . it be virgilia , finally , who bravely approach : VIRGILIA my lord and husband -- he stop she , almost a warning , with : coriolanus this eye be not the same I wear in Rome . VIRGILIA the sorrow that deliver we thus change make you think so . coriolanus best of my flesh , forgive my tyranny , but do not say for that " forgive we Roman . " she show great courage . stepping forward and kissing he deeply . a long kiss . coriolanus 0 , a kiss Long as my exile , sweet as my revenge . it be a perverse response . in he monomaniacal imagination , he wife 's kiss be obsessively equate with he revenge on Rome . he finally move to volumnia , simply can not resist she orbital pull . 94 . coriolanus you god I prate , and the most noble mother of the world leave unsalute . sink , my knee , in the earth . he kneel before she . it be do with a sense of duty and protocol , not affection . volumnia 0 , stand up blest . he rise . volumnia then with no softer cushion than the flint I kneel before thee . she quickly and dramatically kneel before he . it be a coup de theatre and a masterpiece of manipulation . coriolanus what be this ? you knee to I ? to you correct son ? volumnia thou art my warrior ; I hope to frame thee . she indicate Young martius : volumnia this be a poor epitome of yours , which by the interpretation of full time May show like all yourself . coriolanus ( to he son ) the god of soldier , inform thy thought with nobleness , that thou may prove to shame invulnerable . volumnia pull Young martius down : volumnia you knee , sir . she pull virgilia down : volumnia even he , you wife , and myself , be suitor to you . 95 . all three kneel before coriolanus . a pitiable sight . but he have no pity . he turn , sit in the barber chair . coriolanus I beseech you , peace ! or , if you would ask , remember this : do not bid I dismiss my soldier , or capitulate again with Rome 's mechanic . tell I not wherein I seem unnatural . desire not to ally my rage and revenge with you colder reason . volumnia stand , assume again a position of strength . volumnia 0 , no more , no more ! you have say you will not grant we anything , for we have nothing else to ask but that which you deny already ; yet we will ask , that , if you fail in we request , the blame May hang upon you hardness . therefore hear we . coriolanus aufidius , and you volsc , mark ; for we'll hear naught from Rome in private . ( coldly , to she ) you request ? volumnia should we be silent and not speak , we raiment and state of body would reveal what life we have lead since thy exile . think with thyself how more unfortunate than all live women be we come hither , since that thy sight , which should make we eye flow with joy , heart dance with comfort , constrain they weep and shake with fear and sorrow , make the mother , wife , and child to see the son , the husband and the father tearing his country 's bowel out . 96 . coriolanus ' face be a study in aloof neutrality . yet he be listen intensely and volumnia 's word be affect . she fight back emotion . it be impossible to tell if this real or feign . volumnia for myself , son , I propose not to wait on fortune till this war determine . if I cannot persuade thee Rather to show a noble grace , thou shalt no sooner March to assault thy country than to tread on thy mother 's womb that bring thee to this world . VIRGILIA ( stand ) ay , and mine , that bring you forth this boy , to keep you name live to time . Young martius stand as well and approach he father , challenging and warlike : young martius you shall not tread on I . I will run away till I be bigger , but then I will fight ! coriolanus stare at he -- the intensity of the boy 's aggression be disturbing . and familiar . coriolanus I have sit too long . he rise and turn as if to go -- volumnia nay , go not from we thus ! her command stop he . she appeal , quickly get to the point of she argument : volumnia if it be so that we request do tend to save the Roman , thereby to destroy the volsc whom you serve , you might condemn US as poisonous of you honor . no , we suit be that you reconcile they -- so the volsces ( more ) 97 . volumnia ( cont 'd ) May say " this mercy we have show , " the Roman , " this we receive , " and each in either side give the all -hail to thee and cry , " be blest for make up this peace ! " coriolanus do not respond . she soften ... volumnia speak to I , son ... still he do not respond . his emotion be roiling . still she be soft and vulnerable ... volumnia why dost not speak ? but softness be not a note she play naturally . she know it . her natural aggressiveness come out , anger and outrage gradually boil to the surface : volumnia thinks thou it honorable for a noble man still to remember wrong ? daughter , speak you . he care not for you weep . speak thou , boy . perhaps thy childishness will move he more than can we reason . there 's no man in the world more bound to he mother , yet here he let I prate like one in the stock ! she be assault he now , on the attack : volumnia thou hast never in thy life show thy dear mother any courtesy , when she , poor hen , have clucked thee to the war and safely home load with honor . say my request 's unjust , and spurn I back ; and the god will ( more ) 98 . volumnia ( cont 'd ) plague thee , that thou restrain from I the duty which to a mother 's part belong ! coriolanus can take no more , turn and begin to walk away -- volumnia react like lightning -- grab virgilia and Young martius and drag they to the dirt with she -- volumnia down ! let we shame he with we knee ! she claw at the dirt -- like hecuba -- keen -- a shocking explosion of raw emotion -- almost a incantation : volumnia down ! a end ! this be the last . so we will home to Rome , and die among we neighbor . nay , behold ! this boy , that can not tell what he would have but kneel and hold up hand for fellowship , do reason we petition with more strength than thou hast to deny it . she remain kneel , panting for air . coriolanus look at she . his noble mother . claw in the dirt like a animal . filthy . despair . her face wet with tear . she look back up at he . she sense she have fail . it 's over . volumnia come , let we go . she rise slowly , she age show . her spirit break . or seem so . she stare at coriolanus as she rip off the Roman Eagle medal she wear and fling it to the ground . the blood red sky of sunset behind she reflect she passion as she summon up all she strength for a lacerate and icy farewell : volumnia this fellow have a volscian to he mother ; his wife be in coriole and he child ( more ) 99 . volumnia ( cont 'd ) like he by chance yet give we we dispatch . I be hushed until we city be afire , and then I will speak a little . she turn and begin to go . but ... we see finally coriolanus crack . like a great building crumble . like fissure cut across marble . emotion flood into he . he lunge forward and grab she hand . volumnia stop . time stand still . he do not speak . then : coriolanus o mother mother ... what have you do ? he fall to he knee , clutching she hand . coriolanus behold , the heaven do ope , the god look down -- and this unnatural scene they laugh at . he bury he head in she , like a lose child : coriolanus o my mother , mother ! 0! you have win a happy victory for Rome ; but for you son - believe it , 0 believe it ! - most dangerously you have with he prevailed ( he look up at she deeply ) if not most mortal to he . she look down at he . his meaning , he foreshadow , be clear : she have save Rome , but he know he be doom . Rome will live . he will die . this be the price for she victory today . 100 . she be willing to pay that price . so be he . a moment between they . he accept he destiny . coriolanus but let it come . he stand , regains he composure . he slowly walk to aufidius . he lean close , speak intimately : coriolanus aufidius , though I can not make true war , I will frame convenient peace . now , good aufidius , be you in my stead , would you have heard a mother less ? or grant less ? aufidius ? aufidius ( carefully ) I be move withal . coriolanus I dare be swear you be . and , sir , it be no little thing to make mine eye to sweat compassion . but , good sir , what peace you will make , advise I . we study aufidius ' face . he give away nothing . coriolanus turn back to volumnia . look at she . she be victorious . the crimson sky loom over she ominously . and we go to ... int . formal ministry hall - day a solemn peace treaty signing ceremony . coriolanus represent the volscian . cominius represent the Roman . they sit side - by-side at desk signing the treaty . volumnia and virgilia , gorgeously dress , be present . so too brutus and sicinius . the press film everything . 101 it have the stiff formality of a White House ceremony . cominius conclude signing : cominius a merrier day do never yet greet Rome , no , not the expulsion of the tarquins . we have all great cause to give great thanks . he look to volumnia . cominius behold we patroness , the life of Rome . she be erect and exalt . " the life of Rome " personify . she ignore she son . coriolanus will not look at she . ext . truck stop - day a rundown truck stop in a industrial wasteland . garish , buzzing neon . filthy 18 - wheeler refueling . Music dron from a radio . aufidius , he Lieutenant and seven of he man be wait outside the dusty diner . the man with aufidius be thug and killer , the most brutal volsc he could find . we note a couple of coriolanus ' acolyte among they . they have turn with great venom on they hero . they be like a mafia hit squad , wait for coriolanus to return with the peace treaty . aufidius be deep in think . his Lieutenant break the silence : lieutenant how be it with we general ? aufidius as with a man by he own charity slain . lieutenant we soldier will remain uncertain whilst ' twixt you there 's difference ; but the ( more ) 102 . lieutenant ( cant 'd ) fall of either make the survivor heir of all . aufidius I know it , and my pretext to strike at he admit a good construction . a beat . he continue more to himself than they , almost convincing himself . aufidius I raise he , and I pawn mine honor for he truth ; who be so heighten , he water he new plant with dews of flattery , seduce so my friend . ( bitterly ) at the last I seem he follower , not partner , and he wage I with he countenance as if I have be mercenary . lieutenant so he do , my lord . the army marvel at it ; and in the last , when he have carry Rome and that we looked for no less spoil than glory -- aufidius work himself into a intense , neurotic rage : aufidius there be it ! for which my sinew shall be stretch upon he . at a few drop of woman 's rheum , which be as cheap as lie , he sell the blood and labor of we great action -- therefore shall he die , and I will renew I in he fall . lieutenant therefore , at you vantage , ere he express himself or move the people with what he would say , let he feel you sword , which we will second . 103 . aufidius ( sees something ) say no more . in the distance they can see a Roman military truck approach . Cloud of dust billow up . they exchange a look . this be what they have be wait for . they stand , stretch and prepare . the truck stop across the highway from they and coriolanus get out . he hold a copy of the peace treaty in a leather portfolio . he be unarm . he stop . he see aufidius and the thug . wait for he . like a death squad . coriolanus look at they . he know exactly what 's go to happen . he be ready . he nod and the truck drive off . coriolanus slowly cross the highway to the truck stop , like a gunslinger walk down Main Street . there be something new to coriolanus here . a sort of acceptance . he know he time be past . aufidius and the thug go to meet he . the thug spread out a bit , strategically , get ready to strike . coriolanus ' experience eye miss none of this . they meet in the parking lot . coriolanus ( to aufidius ) I be return you soldier , no more infect with my country 's love than when I parte hence , but still subsisting under you great command . he hand the treaty portfolio to aufidius : coriolanus we have make peace with no less honor to the volscian than shame to the Roman . 104 . aufidius ( hand the treaty to lieutenant ) read it not , but tell the traitor , in the high degree he hath abuse you power . coriolanus be ready for aufidius ' ploy . he be amused at the obvious attempt to anger he : coriolanus traitor ? how now ? aufidius ay , traitor , martius . coriolanus " martius " ? aufidius ay , martius , caius martius ! dost thou think I will grace thee with that robbery , thy stolen name " coriolanus " ? he spin to the other , make the case against coriolanus with cut bitterness : aufidius perfidiously he have betrayed you business and give up , for certain drop of salt , you city Rome - I say " you city " - to he wife and mother ; break he oath and resolution , like a twist of rotten silk ; never admit counsel of the war , but at he nurse 's tear he whine and roar away you victory ! coriolanus try to contain he anger : coriolanus hear 'st thou , Mars ? aufidius name not the god , thou boy of tear . 105 . coriolanus measureless liar , thou have make my heart too great for what contain it . " Boy " ? 0 slave . coriolanus ' eye miss nothing a volscian thug shifting a bead of sweat on another one secretly reach into he coat for a weapon . some of the volscian thug be clearly nervous . coriolanus be ready . he prepare himself mentally to die . he be acutely control : coriolanus cut I to piece , volsc . Men and lad , stain all you edge on I . it be a dare . a challenge . coriolanus " Boy " ? false hound . if you have writ you annal true , ' tis there that , like a eagle in a dovecote , I flutter you volscian in coriole . his gaze burn into aufidius : coriolanus alone I do it " Boy . " aufidius let he die for it . at this command , he man move -- aufidius step back as -- the volscian thug attack -- with knife , machete and tire iron -- coriolanus fight bravely -- disarming two , grab they weapon , kill they , fight back -- slash and cut he way through the killer - closer and closer to aufidius , who just watch -- blood spattering and spraying - but the thug overpower coriolanus , there be just too many -- 106 . they stab he -- slice with knife -- batter with chain and club -- finally empty pistol he into he -- it be graceless and brutal carnage . slaughter . but still he come on . body riddled with bullet and cut to bit . he refuse to fall . like something immortal . a obscene demon of blood . finally the thug move away . coriolanus still stand . teeter . his face be a swollen mask of blood and gore . blood flow from he body , pool around he foot , spread across the parking lot . aufidius step forward . what be leave of coriolanus glare at he through blood . aufidius slowly pull he knife . the same knife he be sharpen so carefully at the open of the story . it have finally find its purpose . coriolanus look at he . then slowly coriolanus try to raise one bleed arm this require superhuman effort he slashed finger clutch he shirt he rip it open expose he breast . ready . he lock eye with aufidius . aufidius step to he . take he neck . pull he onto the knife . driving it into he . cradle he head like a lover . they stand like this . then coriolanus fall . a pause . aufidius take he up . no one move . aufidius assist . abrupt cut to -- 107 . ext . truck - day coriolanus ' body be awkwardly toss into the back of a open truck . like a sack of potato . ext . truck - sunset a crowd of volscian be gather around the back of the truck . they have come to see coriolanus ' body . we watch they face . normal people . a range of grim emotion . one raise a cell phone . take a photo . more phone camera come out . stream video . record the moment . int . villa -- live room - day on the tv : the footage from the cell phone video . coriolanus ' body in the back of the trunk . volumnia stand . look at she son . his body sprawle ungainly in death . no ritual or ceremony . no honor . her face . snap to black . the end.