a dangerous method screenplay by christopher hampton base on the stage play '' the talk cure '' by christopher hampton base on the book '' a most dangerous method '' by JOHN kerr white revision - 4-22-10 1 . int . carriage - day a violent struggle be in progress : close on a man 's thick , fleshy hand , as it grip the two slender wrist of a young girl , who 's try desperately to free herself , grunt with effort . a wider angle show we that there be three people in the carriage , the third , a man in uniform on he knee in a corner hang on to the girl 's foot and lower leg as she jerk and flail like a land fish . the girl be sabina spielrein , a dark , slight young woman of 19 , olive -skin and beautiful , with waist - length dark hair . the man grip she wrist in she father nikolai spielrein , a large , coarse - look , red - face Russian in he midforty , with a thick moustache . abruptly , sabina stop struggle ; but the relief , palpable on the face of the two man , be short - live : for sabina begin to wail , terrible , break - heart sob to freeze the blood . ext . lakeside road - day a bright summer day pour sunlight on the coachman as he lash the horse on , up a hill lead away from the large expanse of the lake . a caption : zurich , switzerland : 17th august , 1904 . ext . burgholzli - day the burghélzli hospital be a massive , plain building on the crest of a hill . the coachman jump down to open the door and help the orderly and nikolai spielrein as they emerge , see from above , carry the writhe body of sabina . int . reception area - day as the men labour in with the struggle sabina , she suddenly go limp and begin shriek with laughter . two or three nurse close in on she as the orderly drop she leg ; while other nurse arrive down various corridor , attract by the noise . sabina stop laugh and stick she tongue out as far as it will go at the approach nurse , cause spielrein to smack she round the head ; at which , the hysterical laughter begin again . white revision - 4-22-10 2 . continued : close on sabina : scream with laughter , until suddenly , she eye flick upwards and she stop again in the middle of a peal of laughter : she 's see something . descend the main staircase be dr . carl gustav jung , a tall , broad - shoulder , godlike young man of 29 , haloed ina backlit glow and smile faintly as he purposefully approach . sabina be still now , stare up at the apparition . int . consulting room - day sabina sit , bolt upright on a straight - back chair , in the dead centre of a bare white room . she 's wear a simple dress and she hair have be braid into one long plait . there 's another chair place about five or six foot behind she , slightly to one side . jung breeze into the room . jung good morning , I be Dr. jung , I admit you last night . he stretch out a hand , but she will not take it . this do not seem to discourage he in the least . jung ( cont 'd ) how do you sleep ? sabina they would not let I keep the light on . jung you like to sleep with the light on ? sabina I ... her mouth stay open , she seem to be make a enormous , unsuccessful effort to speak . jung I think we can allow that . sabina close she mouth , relief in she eye . sabina I be not mad , you know . white revision - 4-22-10 3 . continued : jung let I explain what I have in mind : I propose that we meet here , most day , to talk for a hour or two . sabina talk ? jung yes . just talk . see if we can identify what 's troubling you . so as to distract you as little as possible , I shall sit there , behind you ; and I be go to ask you to try not to turn round and look at I under any circumstance . he move behind she and sit in the second chair . her face twitches , she expression be apprehensive . jung open a small notebook on he knee , in which he will make regular note . jung ( cont 'd ) now . have you any idea what may have bring on this attack you suffer from ? sabina have to struggle for some time before she can answer . sabina humiliation . silence . jung wait . sabina be head jerk back in a series of involuntary tics . sabina ( cont 'd ) any kind of ... humiliation , I can not bear to see it . make I feel nauseate . I start pour with sweat , cold sweat . jung no one like to see that kind of thing . but this must have be isolate incident ? silence . sabina be in obvious distress . jung ( cont 'd ) be they not ? white revision - 4-22-10 4. continued : ( 2 ) sabina no , often , they be often , happen often . jung at home ? sabina my ... father lose he temper all the time , he be always angry : with my brother . jung with you brother ? sabina mmm. jung not with you ? sabina sometimes ... ah , sometimes . jung what would he do ? sabina shout and ... shout . and hit they . she 's writhe in she chair now , she leg twitching , she face out of control . jung but you do love you father ? sabina ah , yes , but I could not ... I could not ... he be so sad sometimes and I be not able to ... pride ... it be the most painful kind of love ... I could not even ... could not kiss he ... she break off . jung wait a while . jung when you stop talk just now : do a think come into you head ? white revision - 4-22-10 5 . continued : ( 3 ) sabina I do not ... ah ... jung or a image perhaps ? be it a image ? sabina yes . jung what be the image ? sabina a hand . she writhes in she chair ; finally she come to rest and speak , only just audibly . sabina ( cont 'd ) my father 's hand . jung why do you think you see that ? sabina after he ... whenever he hit we ... afterwards ... we have to kiss he hand ... she twist and turn ; jung write in he notebook . int . jung' apartment - day the apartment assign to the hospital 's assistant director be a set of plain room on the second floor of the hospital , comfortably furnish by jung 's wife , emma , a fair , attractive 22 - year-old , now five month pregnant . jung have finish he breakfast and sip he coffee as emma move around , clear the table . jung what 's odd be , that case I be write up last week : I happen to pick the codename sabina S. and here she be : sabina spielrein . white revision - 4-22-10 6 . continued : emma quite a coincidence . jung as you know , I do not believe there be such a thing . emma put he empty cup on the tray . emma spielrein 's not a very Russian name . jung no , jewish . Father 's a very successful import - export man . and she 's exceptionally well educate , speak fluent german . aspire to be a doctor herself , apparently . emma perhaps she 's the one . jung what one ? emma the one you have be look for . for you experimental treatment . the talk cure . jung ( smile ) you be so astute . I have already begin it with she . emma lay a hand on she stomach . emma he 's kick , can you feel ? jung rest a hand on she stomach . jung oh , yes . there he be . he start to put on he jacket and straighten he tie , prepare to leave . white revision - 4-22-10 7 . continued : ( 2 ) jung ( cont 'd ) what I do not understand be why Freud , have propose this radical therapeutic idea , this talk cure , this psychanalysis , then let year go by without give even the barest outline of he clinical procedure ? what 's he play at ? emma presumably he use the method on he patient ? jung I have no idea . emma so might you be the first doctor to try this out ? jung it 's possible . emma why do not you write and ask he ? jung I do not know he . as it happen , miss spielrein 's mother want to take she to see Freud . emma another coincidence . her tone be teasing ; jung shake he head , peck she affectionately on the cheek and head for the door . ext . pinewood - day jung and sabina stroll through the tower pine which cover the slope of a hill near the burghdélzli . they be wear overcoat , sabina 's wear drape across she shoulder . sabina seem more relaxed ; jung carry a stout walk - stick . sabina my father think my mother do not love he ... and he 's right , she do not . white revision - 4-22-10 8. continued : jung how do you know ? sabina my angel tell I . jung what angel ? sabina a inner voice . he use to tell I I be a exceptional person . for some reason he always speak in german . jung angel always speak german : it 's traditional . sabina smile , perhaps for the first time . sabina he give I the power to know what people be go to say before they open they mouth . jung useful ability for a doctor . you hope to be a doctor someday , do not you ? sabina I will never be a doctor . jung why not ? sabina look up at he gratefully : they walk on for a while in silence . jung ( cont 'd ) I have to go away for a while . I be sorry . we have just get start . sabina look up at he , shocked . jung ( cont 'd ) military service . we all have to do it . just for a couple of week . white revision - 4-22-10 continued : ( 2 ) sabina start tremble ; she expression darken . sabina it 's all a waste of time . I can not tell you whatever it be you want to know , you be just make I angry ... and if I do tell you , you would be sorry you ever ... anyway , there 's nothing wrong with I ! I do not even want to get better ! she instinctively pull away from he , she coat catch on a branch and be sweep off onto the dusty ground . jung pick it up , hold it out and start to beat the dust out of it with he stick . suddenly , sabina hurl herself at he and snatch the coat out of he hand . sabina ( cont 'd ) stop it ! jung I be only ... sabina will you stop that ! jung I be sorry . sabina look at he for a moment , she expression fearful ; then she look away and speak abruptly . sabina can we go back now ? jung yes , if you want to . sabina I need to get back . int . jung' apartment - day jung fold he army uniform and close he suitcase . emma hover sympathetically in the background . jung it 's a complete waste of my time . ( more ) white revision - 4-22-10 10 . continued : jung ( cont 'd ) write prescription for athlete 's foot and examine cock from morning to night . emma be that what you do ? jung it 's not good for I and it 's not good for my patient . int . sabina's room —- day sabina 's lunch be untouched and she 's busy herself with hold she napkin over a candle - flame , burn tiny hole in it . a take the tray . the nurse older nurse come in , see what sabina be do , napkin gently from she and turn to look at she nurse you have not eat you lunch . sabina not hungry . lean in to collect the tray , then check herself . nurse where 's the knife ? sabina nobody eat on Mars . nurse be that so ? now where have you put the knife ? sabina I might need it . nurse I shall have to tell Professor bleuler . sabina do what you like . 10 11 12 white revision - 4-22-10 11 . int . hospital corridor - day 10 professor eugen bleuler , the director of the burghélzli , a diminutive , but distinguished - look , white - bearded gentleman , follow the nurse to the door of sabina 's room . int . sabina's room —- day 11 the room be empty . however , a piece of paper be pin to the wall by a knife . the nurse cross to investigate . bleuler what do it say ? nurse " if I be not back tomorrow , it do not necessarily mean I be dead . " bleuler sigh , shaking he head dispiritedly . ext . hospital ground - day 12 it 's raining . bleuler and the nurse come upon a small knot of struggle orderlies , at the centre of which be sabina , she face and arm smear with wet mud . she 's grapple fruitlessly with the large orderly , but stop as soon as bleuler appear . sabina ah. the herr direktor . bleuler 's manner be entirely calm . bleuler miss spielrein , I feel you may have a little too much time on you hand . I be a great believer in get we patient involved in some productive work . what be you particular interest ? sabina suicide . interplanetary travel . bleuler turn , not rise to this . bleuler shall we go in ? ( more ) 12 13 14 white revision - 4-22-10 12 . continued : 12 bleuler ( cont 'd ) when Dr. jung return , I shall ask he to discuss all this with you in more detail . sabina no . keep he away from I . I never want to see he again . by now , she 's allow the orderlies to begin lead she back towards the hospital , laugh loudly . int . hospital bathroom - day 13 there 's a strange- look contraption in the middle of the room : a dark wooden bath with metal attachment , two - third full of water . next to it , sabina be grapple with three nurse , kick and shouting . eventually they manage to get she undress and into the bath , whereupon something rather like a coffin-lid , leave only sabina 's head free , be bang across the top of the bath and secure . sabina begin to wail , as one of the nurse start to wash the mud off she face . int . sabina's room —- day 14 sabina lie on she bed , the picture of apathy . jung step into the room , radiating energy . jung hello . I be back . ( pause ) how have you be ? sabina do not answer : she turn she face to the wall . jung ( cont 'd ) I have be talk to the herr direktor about find some work for you . I tell he you would always be interested in medicine . he suggest you might like to assist I occasionally in my research . sabina 's face light up . 14 15 white revision - 4-22-10 13 . continued : 14 jung ( cont 'd ) we be quite short - staff , so it would certainly be a help to I . int . laboratory . burgholzli - day 15 emma jung , noticeably more pregnant , sit in a straightback chair , hook up to a electro-galvanometer ; jung , hold a clipboard , sit at a angle so that he can monitor the galvanometer ; and sabina , in a white lab coat , sit off to one side , with a stopwatch and a notebook . jung Vienna . emma Woods . jung box . emma bed . jung money . emma Bank . jung child . emma hesitates . jung lean forward , note that the hand on the dial of the galvanometer have jump . emma soon . jung family . pause . sabina activate she stopwatch . emma unit . 15 white revision - 4-22-10 continued : jung sex . emma er , male . jung Wall . emma flower . jung Young . another pause ; and a reaction on the galvanometer . emma baby . jung ask . emma answer . jung cap . emma wear . jung stubborn . emma give way . jung ruefulness . sabina record about ten second on the stopwatch . emma child . jung Fame . 14 , 15 white revision - 4-22-10 15 . 15 continued : ( 2 ) 15 emma doctor. jung divorce . the galvanometer react wildly ; sabina watch the tick hand on the stopwatch . emma no. jung relax with a warm smile and disconnect emma from the machine . jung thank you . emma be that all ? jung that 's all . emma how do I do ? jung beautifully . slightly surprised still , emma heave herself to she foot . she cross to the door , glance at sabina en route . jung ( cont 'd ) Goodbye . emma erm , yes , goodbye . she leave the room . jung turn to sabina . jung any preliminary observation ? sabina obviously what 's uppermost in she mind be she pregnancy . white revision - 4-22-10 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 15 jung good . sabina she 's a little ... what 's the word ? jung why do not we try a useful word invent by we herr direktor : ambivalent . sabina yes ... about the baby . jung anything else ? sabina I would say she be worried she husband might be lose interest in she . jung what make you think that ? sabina Long reaction time to the word ' family ' and ' divorce 's . jung I see . sabina when you say ' cap ' , she say ' wear ' . might that be a reference to contraception ? jung smile , impressed . jung you have quite a flair for this . sabina can I ask you something ? jung of course . 15 16 17 white revision - 4-22-10 17 . continued : ( 4 ) 15 sabina be she you wife ? at first take aback , jung recover quickly and nod , smile . int . jung' apartment - day 16 jung step into the room where emma be nursing she new-born baby . she look up at he , she expression defensive . emma I be sorry . jung sorry ? emma I promise you a son on Christmas Day . and here she be , a day late and the wrong sex . jung do not be absurd . he lean forward , caress the baby 's forehead with he great hand . jung ( cont 'd ) a for agathe . emma next time I will give you a boy . int . consulting room - day 17 jung and sabina in they customary position : judge by the grimace jung make as he uncross he leg , they have be there for some time . eventually , sabina break the silence . sabina can we stop now ? jung I would like to go on a little longer . sabina but it 's be ... I mean , how long have it be ? white revision - 4-22-10 18 . 17 continued : 17 jung we have be talk for about two and a half hour . sabina then why can not we ...? jung it 's my belief that there 's one more step to be take ; and as this be we first session of the New Year , I have a sense that progress be possible . sabina I do not know what to tell you . jung wait for a moment before speak . jung can you explain why you night have be so bad ? sabina I be afraid . jung of what ? sabina there 's something in the room ... something like a cat , only it ... can speak , it get into bed with I . Long silence . jung wait . sabina ( cont 'd ) last , last night , it suddenly whisper something in my ear , I could not hear what ... but then ... I feel it behind I ... it put its hand on my waist and then ... she 's twist furiously in the chair , in a agony of discomfort . white revision - 4-22-10 19 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 sabina ( cont 'd ) .-.- I feel something against my back , something slimy like some kind of a ... mollusc ... move against my back , but when I turn round there be nothing there . jung you feel it against you back ? sabina yes . jung be you naked ? sabina I be . jung be you masturbate ? sabina yes . another long silence . jung seem about to break it , when sabina speak again . sabina ( cont 'd ) I loathe New year ... jung sit up , suddenly alert . jung why ? sabina for example , last New Year 's Day ... he fly into a terrible rage , nobody could understand why , and he take my brother Isaac ... and ... and ... a tremendous barrage of tics overwhelm she for a moment . sabina ( cont 'd ) .-- beat he in front of everyone ... and ... I ... I ... white revision - 4-22-10 20 . 17 continued : ( 3 ) 17 she can not go on . jung we have talk a lot about this outburst of you father 's . there be time , be not there , when he do beat you ? sabina oh , yes , often , he often ... jung tell I about that . sabina 's eye dart from place to place ; she look trap and panicky . sabina can we stop now ? jung I would like to go on just a little longer . sabina so ... ah ... she 's struggle to control herself . sabina ( cont 'd ) what be the question ? jung tell I about the first time you can remember be beat by you father . sabina look as if she 's contemplate run out of the room . finally , she manage to speak . sabina I suppose I be about four ... I break a plate ... or ... yes ... and he tell I to go in the little room and ... take my clothes off ... then he come in and ... spanke I ... I be so frighten , I wet myself , so he ... hit I again and ... white revision - 4-22-10 21 . 17 continued : ( 4 ) 17 jung and after that first time , he beat you a lot ? sabina oh , yes ... yes ... and when he be away , my mother beat I ... but that be not at all ... it be not the same as ... tear be start to roll down she cheek . jung that first time , how do you feel about what be happen ? Long silence ; after which , sabina 's reply be scarcely audible . sabina I like it . jung would you repeat that , please ? I could not quite hear . sabina I like it . it excited I . jung and do you continue to like it ? sabina give a long groan . sabina yes ... yes ... before long he only have to say to I to ... go to the little room and I would ... start to get wet ... jung do you sometimes provoke he deliberately ? sabina no , I ... it happen often enough ... she break off : jung wait . 17 18 white revision - 4-22-10 22 . continued : ( 5 ) 17 sabina ( cont 'd ) whenever he beat one of my brother - or even just threaten ... that be enough ... I would have to go and lie down and touch myself ... later , at school , anything would set it off ... any kind of humiliation ... I look for any humiliation ... even here ... when you hit my coat with you stick , I have to come back right away ... I be so excited ... a torrent of sobbing slowly play itself out : then she 's still at last and she voice be quiet . sabina ( cont 'd ) there 's no hope for I , I be vile and filthy and corrupt , I must never be let out of here ... her head sink . slow fade to black ext . 19 berggasse STREET . vienna - day 18 jung and emma descend from a taxi outside no.19 , berggasse , a quiet street in Vienna 9 . as jung pay the taxi and turn towards the house , the front door open to reveal a slight , bearded man of medium height , conservatively dress in frock coat and stiff collar : this be professor sigmund freud at 50 . a caption : two year later . vienna , austria , 3rd MARCH , freud step forward to shake hand warmly with jung . jung Professor Freud . freud so good to meet you at long last . he shake hand with emma , with a courtly little bow . freud ( cont 'd ) you be most welcome . he turn to lead they into the house . 19 white revision - 4-22-10 23. int . dine room . freud apartment - day 19 there be eleven people at lunch in the slightly cramped condition of the freud family dining - room : in addition to freud , jung and emma be freud 's wife , martha , he sister - in - law , minna bernays , and he six child , range in age from mathilde , 19 , to anna , 11 . freud sit next to jung at one end of the table , while emma sit at the far end with the two adult woman . a maid squeeze around the outside of the table , offer food . jung perhaps the term themselves should be review : if , for instance , we could come up with some milder term than ' libido ' , we might not encounter such emotional resistance , it would make the teach side of thing much easier ... he break off , oblige to move he chair , so that the maid can pass and offer he food . he help himself unselfconsciously to a enormous quantity . freud be euphemism a good idea ? once they work out what we actually mean , they ' 1l be just as appal as ever . he can not help frown as he take note of the vast quantity of food on jung 's plate . jung I take you point , but I still think it 's worth try to sweeten the pill when it come to question of sexuality ... freud and by the way , please do not feel you have to restrain yourself here . my family be all veteran of the most unsuitable topic of mealtime conversation . jung glance around for a second , slightly nonpluss , since it 's never occur to he to take the mix company into consideration . then he plunge on . 19 20 white revision - 4-22-10 24 . continued : 19 jung I have a number of clinical example which I believe support my position with regard to sexuality ... int . freud study - day 20 close on freud 's cigar , as he light and puff at it , release thick smoke into the homely atmosphere of he cluttere study , furnish in late - victorian style , with Turkey rug , a scatter of family photograph , a mass of classical etching and drawing on the wall and innumerable decorative object , mostly small archaeological piece , cover every surface . floor to ceiling bookshelve cover two wall . freud and how be you little Russian patient ? jung as I tell you , after the initial abreaction , there be the most dramatic improvement . we have enrol she in the medical school at the University , where she 's do extremely well . she 's a walk advertisement for the effectiveness of psychanalysis . freud psychoanalysis . jung oh ? freud it 's more logical and it sound better . jung if you say so . freud be you still treat she ? white revision - 4-22-10 25 . 20 continued : 20 jung yes ; and we continue to unearth new material : for example , the extraordinary procedure she devise as a small child , where she would sit on one heel , attempt to defecate and , at the same time , try to prevent herself from defecate . she say this give rise to the most blissful feeling . freud a nice story . that of my patient who remain fixate at the anal stage of they erotic development often come up with the most amusing detail . and of course all of they be finicky , compulsively tidy , stubborn and extremely stingy with money . no doubt you Russian conform to this pattern . jung well , no : she do not . freud frown : he puff at he cigar , evidently somewhat put out . jung ( cont 'd ) the masochistic aspect of she condition be much more deeply roote than any anal fixation we may have uncover . freud but the two be intimately connect ! jung I can only tell you she 's rather disorganise , emotionally generous and exceptionally idealistic . freud well , perhaps it 's a Russian thing . he look across at jung , eye narrow . freud ( cont 'd ) be she a virgin ? 20 21 white revision - 4-22-10 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 jung yes , certainly . almost certainly . no , certainly . his slight confusion be not lose on freud , who suck on he cigar , he good mood quite restore . int . cafe sperl . vienna - day 21 jung , fork in hand , be tucking into a enormous slab of sachertorte , accompany by a large cup of coffee pile high with whipped cream . freud , a chaste cup of black coffee in front of he , watch he benevolently . behind , the coffee house be thronge with man , deep in animated conversation , read newspaper from the rack or play chess . freud I do not think you have any notion of the true strength and depth of the opposition to we work . there 's the whole medical establishment , of course , bay to send Freud to the auto-da - fé ; but that 's as nothing compare to what happen when we idea begin to trickle through in whatever garble form they be relay to the public : the denial , the frenzy , the incoherent rage ... you would not believe it . jung but might that not be cause by you insistence on the exclusively sexual interpretation of the clinical material ? freud all I be do be point out what experience indicate to I must be the truth ... and I can assure you that in a hundred year ' time we work will still be reject . Columbus , you know , have no idea what county he would discover ; like he , I be in the dark : all I know be that I have set foot on the shore and the country exist . white revision - 4-22-10 27 . 21 continued : 21 jung I think of you more as Galileo : and you opponent as that who condemn he , while refuse even to put they eye to he telescope . freud in any event , I have simply open a door : it 's for the young man , like yourself , to walk through it . jung I be sure you have many more door to open for we . freud at you age , I have make no mark at all : whereas you , for example , have invent the indispensable word ' complex ' . jung I hope to be remember for more than just a single word . freud and I have no doubt you will be . he stub out he cigar and drain he coffee , look intently across at jung . freud ( cont 'd ) of course , there 's the add difficulty , more ammunition for we enemy , that all of we here in Vienna , in we psychoanalytical circle , be Jews . jung I do not see what difference that make . freud look at he : he 's stare innocently across , he moustache thick with white cream . freud that , if I may say so , be a exquisitely Protestant remark . 22 white revision - 4-22-10 28. int . freud study - night 22 it 's deep into the night , but freud and jung 's conversation be still in full flow . jung I dream about a horse , be hoist by cable to a considerable height . suddenly , a cable break and the horse be dash to the ground . but it 's not hurt , it leap up and gallop away , impede only by a heavy log , which it 's oblige to drag along the ground . then a rider on a small horse appear in front of it , so that it 's force to slow down ; and a carriage appear in front of the small horse , so that we horse be compel to slow down even more . freud consider for a moment . freud I imagine the horse be yourself . jung yes . freud you ambition have be frustrated in some way ; hence the fall . jung the rider slow I down ... freud yes . jung I think this may refer to my wife 's first pregnancy . I have to give up a opportunity to go to America because of it . freud ah , America . you be right , I be sure that 's a most important territory for we . white revision - 4-22-10 22 continued : jung the carriage in front perhaps refer to a apprehension that we two daughter and other child perhaps still to come , will impede my progress even more . freud as a father of six , I can vouch for that ; not to mention the inevitable financial difficulty . jung no . fortunately my wife be extremely rich . freud take a moment to recover from this . he force freud ah . yes , that be fortunate . himself to return to the matter in hand . freud ( cont 'd ) this log . jung yes ? freud I think perhaps you should entertain the possibility that it represent the penis . jung yes ; in which case what may be at issue be that a certain sexual constraint have be bring about by a fear of a endless succession of pregnancy . as freud answer , jung begin the elaborate process lighting he pipe . freud hm. ( more ) of 29 . 22 22 23 white revision - 4-22-10 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 freud ( cont 'd ) I be bound to say if one of my patient have bring I this dream , I might have say that the number of restrain element surround this unfortunate horse could perhaps point to the determine suppression of some unruly sexual desire . jung yes . he suck he pipe for a while . jung ( cont 'd ) there be that as well . freud permit himself a satisfied smile ; the clock on he desk show it 's come up to 2 a.m . jung nod freud I wonder if you be aware of the fact that we conversation have so far last thirteen hour ? jung I be sorry , I have no idea ... freud my dear young colleague , please do not apologise . it be we first meeting , we have a great deal to say to one another ; and unless I be much mistaken , we always will . solemnly . ext . approach to the ferry station . zurich - day 23 jung and sabina make they way down the hill towards the lake , deep in conversation . jung I have never meet anyone like he . nothing pass he by . he understand everything . I suppose he 's what 's mean by a great man . I shall have to be extremely careful . 23 24 white revision - 4-22-10 31 . continued : 23 sabina what do you mean ? why ? jung he 's so persuasive , he 's so convincing , he make you feel you should abandon you own idea and simply follow in he wake . his follower in Vienna be all deeply unimpressive : a crowd of bohemian and degenerate just pick up the crumb from he table . sabina perhaps he 's reach the stage where obedience be more important to he than originality . jung mm. I try to tackle he about he obsession with sexuality , he insistence on interprete every symptom in sexual term , but he 's completely inflexible . sabina in my case , of course , he would have be right . jung yes , as you would expect he to be in many case . possibly even the majority of case . he shake he head , troubled , as they approach the ferry station . jung ( cont 'd ) but there must be more than one hinge into the universe . ext . ferry . lake zurich - day 24 jung stand , lean over the handrail , look out across the lake . he 's momentarily take aback by a question from sabina . sabina do you like wagner ? 24 white revision - 4-22-10 32 . continued : they both 24 jung the music and the man , yes . sabina I be very interested in the myth of siegfry : the idea that something pure and heroic can come , can perhaps only come , from a sin , even a sin as dark as incest . jung this be very strange . sabina what ? jung I have tell you before I do not believe in coincidence , I believe nothing happen by accident , all this thing have a significance : the fact be , I be in the middle of write something myself about the siegfry myth . look at each other for a moment . sabina be you really ? jung I assure you . sabina which be you favourite of the opera ? jung das rheingold . sabina yes . that 's right . I too . her eye be shine with excitement . jung perhaps we might go to the opera sometimes . my wife have never be interested . 24 25 white revision - 4-22-10 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 sabina I would love to . she look up at he , hesitant : then decide to take the plunge . sabina ( cont 'd ) can I ask you something ? jung of course . sabina do you think there 's any possibility I could ever be a psychiatrist ? jung contemplate she eager expression . jung I know you could . I hear nothing but good report on you work at the University . you be exactly the kind of person we need . sabina insane , you mean . jung frown ; then he realise she 's joke and he expression lighten . jung yes ; we sane doctor have serious limitation . int . freud study - night 25 freud at he desk , pen in hand , poise above a sheet of white notepaper with prof . dr . freud modestly print in the top leave corner . he write the date , 17.02.08 in large , spidery handwrite . freud ( v.o . ) dear friend , I feel I can at last permit myself this informal mode of address as I ask you to grant I a very particular favour ... 26 27 white revision - 4-22-10 34 . ext . burgholzli - day 26 a tall , thin , bearded man with pierce blue eye , wear a fray but elegant suit , pause to look up at the cheerless fagade of the hospital . this be otto gross . he 's thirty . freud ( v.o . ) ...- Dr. otto Gross , a most brilliant but erratic character , be urgently in need of you medical help . I consider he , apart from yourself , the only man capable of make a major contribution to we field . gross reach into he waistcoat pocket and bring out a pinch of white powder , which he carelessly inhale . freud ( cont 'd ) whatever you do , do not let he out before October , when I shall be able to take he over from you . and remember he father 's warning , make when otto be only a very small child : watch out for he , he bite ! gross blink , shake he head to clear it and reluctantly advance through the hospital entrance . int . jung be office - day 27 gross be smoking , he foot stretch out in front of he , slump comfortably in he chair ; jung on the other hand , behind he desk , look somewhat constrain and anxious . jung you still feel threaten by you father ? gross anyone with any sense feel threaten by my father . he 's extremely threaten . to you , of course , he 's a eminent criminologist , the man who virtually invent a whole new science : footprint , fingerprint , bloodstain , semen sample ; but to ( more ) white revision - 4-22-10 35 . 27 continued : 27 gross ( cont 'd ) I he 's a man with a very simple aim : to put every single person he disapprove of in jail . you do not have to be a criminal ; in fact , he write a pamphlet explain that anarchist , tramp , homosexual , gypsy and pervert - people like I - be far more dangerous than honest criminal and should be deport to South - West Africa . so , in my view , if you do not feel threaten by my father , you would need you head examine . jung his wish to have you hospitalise : you do not think that arise from a concern for you welfare ? gross listen : what do any normal old patriach want in the twilight of he life ? grandchild , grandson , be I right ? and yet , last summer , when I present he with not one , but two little gross , one by my wife , one by one of most respectable mistress , and we call they both Peter , so he would not get confuse , be he grateful ? and now there 's another on the way , admittedly by some woman I hardly know , he 's apoplectic ; and all he can think be to get I bang away in some institution . you get any child ? jung two girl . gross same mother ? jung yes . gross ah. white revision - 4-22-10 36 . 27 continued : ( 2 ) 27 pause . jung fiddle with he pipe . jung so you be not a believer in monogamy ? gross for a neurotic like myself , I can not possibly imagine a more stressful concept . jung and you do not find it necessary or desirable to exercise some restraint , as a contribution , say , to the smooth function of civilisation ? gross what , and make myself ill ? jung I should have think that some form of sexual repression would have to be practise in any rational society . gross no wonder the hospital be bulg at the seam . he reach into a waistcoat pocket , fetch something out and pop it in he mouth . gross ( cont 'd ) be you go to help I cut down on this stuff ? jung I will do my best . gross good , because it 's do my head in . he lean forward , he manner suddenly conspiratorial . gross ( cont 'd ) tell I , do you find the best way to enhance you popularity with you patient be to tell they whatever it be they most want to hear ? 27 28 29 and 30 pink revision - 6/6/10 37-38 . continued : ( 3 ) jung do it matter whether we be popular with they or not ? gross well , I do not know : suppose you want to fuck they ? jung look across at gross , not sure if he 's joke . what he say next be deadly serious . gross ( cont 'd ) if there 's one thing I have learn in my short life , it 's this : never repress anything ! int . therapy hall . burgholzli - evening a small hall in the hospital reserve for music and performance therapy . about thirty restless patient sit on steel - frame chair , listen to a opera play on a elegant wax - cylinder phonograph with a large brass trumpet - like speaker . a ornately dramatic theatrical poster on the wall behind the table identify the opera as wagner 's die walkure . a enormous crash of music : it 's the moment close to the end of Act I when siegmund approach the sword , notung , plunge up to the hilt in a tree-trunk . sabina and jung , sit on either side of the table support the gramophone , scan the audience for reaction and scribble note on match notepad . as the love-duet between sieglinde and siegmund reach a ecstatic climax , sabina , rapt by the music despite she desire to remain clinical and objective , cast a ardent glance towards jung , only to find that he be watch she with the same passionate intensity . sabina flush and look away . omitted 27 28 29 * and 30 31 pink revision - 6/6/10 39 . int . jung be office - day otto gross look across the desk at jung , he eye sparkling with mischief and provocation . gross so you have never sleep with any of you patient ? jung of course not : you have to steer through the temptation of transference and countertransference , that 's a essential stage of the process . gross when transference occur , when the patient become fixate on I , I explain to she that this be merely a ( more ) 31 31 white revision - 4-22-10 40 . continued : 31 gross ( cont 'd ) symbol of she wretch monogamous habit : I show she that it 's fine to want to sleep with I , but only if , at the same time , she acknowledge to herself that she want to sleep with a great many other people . jung suppose she do not ? gross then it 's my job to convince she that 's part of the illness . jung shake he head , troubled . gross ( cont 'd ) this be what people be like . if we do not tell they the truth , who will ? jung you think Freud 's right ? you think all neurosis be of exclusively sexual origin ? gross I think Freud 's obsession with sex probably have a great deal to do with the fact that he never get any . jung you could be right . gross it seem to I a measure of the true perversity of the human race that one of its very few reliably pleasurable activity should be the subject of so much hysteria and repression . jung but not to repress yourself be to unleash all kind of dangerous and destructive force . white revision - 4-22-10 41 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 gross we job be to make we patient capable of freedom . jung I have hear it say you help one of you patient to kill herself . gross she be resolutely suicidal . I just explain how she could do it without botching it . then I ask she if she do not prefer the idea of become my lover . she opt for both . jung that can not be what we want for we patient . gross freedom be freedom . he sit up , suddenly serious . gross ( cont 'd ) life be what it be , the more sensitive you be , the sicker you will become . so I say , whenever you see a oasis , you must always remember to drink . quite suddenly , a stream of dark blood begin to flow from one nostril . he dab at himself , then look down at the blood on he fingertip . jung hand he a white handkerchief , which he use to clean up , as the blood continue to flow . gross ( cont 'd ) I give up the opium ; you can not expect I to give up the cocaine as well . jung I think you must : I do not see how you can go on . gross 's expression suddenly turn defiant . gross I will use the other fuck nostril ! 32 32a 32b pink revision - 6/6/10 42 . % omitted 32 * ext . lakeside STREET - day 32a * jung and sabina walk along the border of Lake Ziirich , both * deep in think . at a certain point , she take he arm and steer he towards a small promontory . ext . promontory near schonleinstrasse — day 32b * a small cobble - stone space with a bench and a few plane * tree , the lake spread out before it . sabina steer jung towards the bench . sabina * can we talk for a moment ? * jung * of course . * they sit down . * sabina * I have be think about wagner 's * opera . in it , he say that perfection * can only be arrive at through what be conventionally think of as sin , be that right ? which must surely have to do with the energy create by the friction of opposite : not just that you be the doctor and I be the patient , but that you be swiss and I be Russian ; I be jewish and you be Aryan ; and all kind of other darker difference . jung * darker ? * sabina * if I be right , only the clash of * destructive force can create something new . she reach out to take he hand . * sabina ( cont 'd ) * when my father bring I to you , I * be very ill ; and my illness be sexual . ( more ) 32 B 33 pink revision - 6/6/10 42a . continued : 32b sabina ( cont 'd ) it 's clear that the subject I be study be entirely ground in sexuality . so naturally I be become more and more acutely aware of the fact that I have no sexual experience . jung Law student be not normally expect to rob bank . they smile at each other ; then , impulsively , sabina reach up , put she hand round the back of jung 's neck and kiss he on the lip . the kiss last some while ; eventually , he break away . jung ( cont 'd ) it 's generally think to be the man who should take the initiative . sabina do not you think there 's something male in every woman ? and something female in every man ? or should be ? jung consider this for a moment . jung maybe . I expect you be right . yes . you must be . sabina point across at a tall gray stone apartment building , no. 7 , schdénleinstrasse . sabina if you ever want to take the initiative , I live in that building , there , where the bay window be . ext . burgholzli garden - day 33 it 's a beautiful summer 's day and jung be talk to otto gross in a kind of pergola in the hospital garden . gross sit back , he hand link behind he handsome head ; it 's as if he 's the doctor and jung be the patient . gross I can not understand what you be wait for . ( more ) pink revision - 6/6/10 42b. 33 continued : 33 gross ( cont 'd ) just take she to some secluded spot and thrash she to within a inch of she life : that 's clearly what she want . how can you deny she such a simple pleasure ? jung pleasure be never simple , as you very well know . 33 34 white revision - 4-22-10 43. continued : ( 2 ) 33 gross it be , of course it be , until we decide to complicate it . the tragedy of childhood be the moment we understand we can never have everything we want ; the tragedy of adulthood be the moment we decide not to take everything we can have : what my father call maturity , what I call surrender . jung surrender , for I , would be to give in to this urge . gross then surrender : do not matter what you call it , as long as you do not let the experience escape . that 's my prescription . jung I be suppose to be treat you . gross yes , and it 's be most effective . jung I would say the analysis be not too far from completion . gross mine , yes . not so sure about yours . int . jung be office - day 34 jung and sabina have reach a moment of informality at the end of she consultation . jung I have be spend so much time with he , I be afraid I be neglect some of my other patient . he 's immensely seductive , quite sure he 's right , and obsessionally neurotic . pretty dangerous , in fact . 34 35 36 white revision - 4-22-10 44 . continued : 34 sabina do you mean you doubt you power to convince he ? jung worse than that : what I be afraid of be he power to convince I . on the subject of monogamy , for example . why should we put so much frantic effort into suppress we most basic natural instinct ? sabina look at he for a moment with calculate candour . sabina I do not know ; you tell I . ext . burgholzli garden - day 35 in a secluded corner of the grounds , otto gross stand , buckle he belt , above a young nurse who 's more or less naked . gross thank you , I really need that . and so say , he use a convenient tree to scramble up to the top of the brick wall surround the garden . the nurse , appal , be still grapple with she clothes , as , with a jaunty , mock wave , gross disappear over the wall . int . gross' room - day 36 the room in the hospital be in extraordinary disarray , its most conspicuous feature a series , pin to the wall , of sombre , spidery , somewhat egon schiele - like pen-and - ink sketches , mostly nude . among they be a sheet of paper label dr . jung , which jung now unpin and turn over . the note say : " be so good as to tell my father I be dead . thanks for you help ; and , whatever you do , do not pass by the oasis . otto . " jung look up , pensive . 37 38 39 blue revision - 6/5/10 45 . ext . promontory near schonleinstrasse - magic hour 37 jung stand look at sabina 's bay window , now light from within . after a beat , he stride purposefully across the street . ext . no.7 schonleinstrasse - magic hour 38 jung walk up to the front door and , without hesitation , open it . int . sabina's apartment - night 39 sabina sit at she desk , make note from some weighty library book , isolate in a pool of light from the oillamp . there 's a light tap at the door . she look up in surprise , then , with a wild hope dawn , get up , cross to the door and put she hand to it . sabina who be it ? jung ( v.o. ) a friend . she open the door . immediately , jung take she in he arm and kiss she . eventually she break away . sabina come inside . she lead he into the room , close the door and turn the key in the lock . jung I ... she cross directly to she desk and blow out the lamp . the room be bright with moonlight . she turn to look back at jung . dissolve to : later . close on sabina . she cry out as jung move above she on the bed . dissolve to : 39 40 pink revision - 6/6/10 46 . continued : 39 later . they be on the floor , propped up against the desk , sabina lean back in jung 's arm , wrap in a blanket . there 's blood on the sheet . above sabina 's head , jung 's expression be haunt . ext . kusnacht - day 40 emma and jung stand in front of they new country villa , plain and elegant . emma it 's so beautiful . I feel as though we have always live here . jung they say we will be able to move in by the end of the week . now jung and emma , she pregnancy now considerably advanced , move down the front path towards the lake ; emma be uncomfortably aware of the ungainliness of she movement . emma I be sorry to be like this again . jung what do you mean ? emma so big and ... unattractive . jung do not be absurd . emma I expect you wish you be a polygamist , like otto Gross . they have stop a few step away from the front door ; jung be frown thoughtfully . jung if I be , it would be something quite different from what we have , which be sacred . I would have to be sure you understand that . pink revision - 6/6/10 46a. 40 continued : 40 emma oh , I would not want to know anything about it . jung turn towards the door , troubled ; emma take he hand . emma ( cont 'd ) I have a surprise for you . 4l 42 pink revision - 6/6/10 47 . ext . garden . kusnacht - day 41 emma lead jung beside the house and into the back garden : there , tie up at the private jetty , be a sailboat with dark red sail . emma the boat you always want . with red sail . jung be genuinely delighted : he take emma in he arm and kiss she . jung thank you . thank you for all of this . emma you be a good man . you deserve everything that 's good . int . sabina's apartment -— day 42 sabina open the door to jung and throw herself into he arm . it 's early evening . jung hold she for a moment before he speak . jung if I say something , will you promise not to take it the wrong way ? sabina what ? jung do not you think we ought to stop ? now ? sabina look up at he , appal . jung ( cont 'd ) I be marry : obviously I be be deceitful . be it right for we to perpetuate this deceit ? sabina do you want to stop ? jung of course I do not . * 42 pink revision - 6/6/10 47a . continued : he lean down and kiss she passionately ; then sabina draw back and speak to he very quietly , as she begin to undress . 42 42 43 44 white revision - 4-22-10 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 42 sabina when you make love to you wife , how be it ? describe it to I . jung when you live under the same roof with someone , it become habit , you know : it 's always ... very tender . sabina then this be another thing . another thing in another country . with I I want you to be ferocious . she take hold of he large hand . sabina ( cont 'd ) I want you to punish I . int . jung' apartment - day 43 it 's moment after the birth of jung 's son , franz , and a nurse be hand she baby to emma , who look exhaust but happy . jung beam down at she . emma I know it be a boy this time ; I tell you . jung I believe you . she reach for jung with she free hand . emma will you come back to we now ? jung stoops to move aside a lock of hair stick to emma 's damp brow and kiss she reverently on the forehead . ext . shore . lake zurich - morning 44 sabina stand in the pearly dawn light , look out across the lake . this time the wagner be swoon and lyrical : lohengrin perhaps . loom through the mist , the boat with red sail glide towards she . 45 46 white revision - 4-22-10 49 . ext . lake zurich - day 45 the boat be at anchor in the centre of the lake . by now , the mist have be burn off by the sun . jung and sabina lie enlace in the bottom of the boat . fade ext . upper belvedere . vienna - day 46 the follow year . fade up on the terrace above the belvedere garden , in the shadow of the tower baroque palace , look down across the city of Vienna . the small , dapper figure of freud , with he glove and walk - stick , move alongside the much taller jung , formal in dark suit and hat . freud I should never have send Gross to you . I blame myself . jung no , I be very grateful you do . all that provocative discussion help crystallise a lot of my think . freud and do he really send you he hotel bill ? jung only for a couple of night . freud he 's a addict : I realise that now . he can only end by do great harm to we movement . freud brood for a moment ; then cheer up . freud ( cont 'd ) you realise this make you undisputed Crown Prince , do not you ? my son and heir . jung I be not sure I deserve ... 46 47 white revision - 4-22-10 50 . continued : 46 freud do not say another word . they come to a halt beneath one of the strange , opulently feminine sphinxes which line the fagade of the palace . they look out over the city below . freud ( cont 'd ) I often take my walk up here . he look up at the sphinx for a moment . freud ( cont 'd ) it 's inspire some of my best idea . int . freud study - night 47 the middle of the night . the full ashtray suggest that freud and jung have be deep in discussion for several hour . freud you must not think I have a close mind . I have absolutely no objection to you study telepathy or parapsychology to you heart ' content . but I would make the point that we own field be so embattle , it can only be dangerous to stray into any kind of mysticism . do not you see ? we have to stay within the most rigorously scientific confines ... he break off , frown at jung , who be rest a hand on he stomach , he expression increasingly pain . freud ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? jung yes : but I can not agree with you . why should we draw some arbitrary line and close off whole area of investigation ? freud precisely because the world be full of enemy , look for any way they ( more ) white revision - 4-22-10 51 . 47 continued : 47 freud ( cont 'd ) can to discredit we . and the minute they see we abandon the firm ground of sexual theory to wallow in the black mud of superstition , they will pounce . as far as I be concerned , even to raise this subject be professional suicide . really , you ... again he break off , this time because the wood in he bookshelve have crack , so loudly that it cause freud to duck involuntarily . freud ( cont 'd ) what in God 's name be that ? jung I know that be go to happen . freud what ? jung I feel something like that be go to happen . I have a kind of burn in my stomach . freud what be you talk about ? it 's the heating , the wood in the bookcase just crack , that 's all . jung no , it 's what 's know as a catalytic exteriorisation phenomenon . freud a what ? jung a catalytic exteriorisation phenomenon . freud do not be ridiculous . jung my diaphragm start to glow red hot ... 47 48 white revision - 4-22-10 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 freud I know it 's late , but ... jung and another thing : it 's go to happen again , freud what ? jung in a minute , it 's go to happen again . freud my dear young friend , this be exactly the kind of thing I be talk about : you must promise I to ... but he 's interrupt by another deafen report from the bookcase . he look up at it , for once entirely at a loss for word . jung you see . freud that 's just ... you really can not ... jung there be so many mystery , so much further to go . freud please . we can not be too careful . we can not afford to wander into this speculative area , telepathy , sing bookcase , fairy at the bottom of the garden . it will not do . jung be look back at he , unconvince , he jaw stubbornly set . int . sabina's apartment -— day 48 jung have be make love to sabina from behind ; he 's tuck in between she and the wall on she narrow single bed . 48 49 white revision - 4-22-10 53 . continued : 48 sabina there 's a poem by lermontov keep go round my head , about a prisoner who finally achieve some happiness when he succeed in release a bird from its cage . jung why do you think this be preoccupy you ? sabina I think it mean that when I become a doctor , what I want more than anything be to give people back they freedom , the way you give I mine . dissolve to : later . sabina bend over the corner of the bed ; jung beat she until she reach a climax . int . consulting room . burgholzli - day 49 a anxious - look patient , a woman in she thirty in a dress - gown , be be help out of the room by a nurse and a orderly . freud , sit as a observer in a discreet corner of the room , rise to he foot and approach jung , speak with no concern as to whether or not the patient can hear he . freud fascinating . all the standard symptom of the nymphomaniac . jung wait until the door have close behind the patient . jung yes ; except that whenever anyone respond to she advance , she would run a mile . that 's the puzzle feature of the case . freud hm . he look around the room . 49 50 51 white revision - 4-22-10 54 . continued : 49 freud ( cont 'd ) I must say it 's a great pleasure to see you in you natural habitat . ext . shore . lake zurich - day 50 jung , with some difficulty , assist a dubious , not to say slightly terrify freud aboard the boat with red sail . ext . lake zurich - day 51 the boat glide across the water , take advantage of a stiff breeze . freud sit bolt upright , as close to the dead centre of the boat as he can manage , face jung , who loll back in shirtsleeve , a hand on the tiller . freud there 's a rumour run around Vienna that you have take one of you patient as a mistress . jung sit up : he 's very shocked ; it take he a moment to recover . jung it 's absolutely untrue . freud well , of course it be . so I have be tell everyone . jung what 's be say ? freud oh , I do not know , that the woman 's be brag about it , that somebody 's send out anonymous letter , usual sort of thing . bound to happen , sooner or later , it 's a occupational hazard . he shake he head , amused . freud ( cont 'd ) this woman : the way they try to seduce we , the way they use every conceivable psychic wile . it 's one of nature 's most dramatic spectacle . 51 52 white revision - 4-22-10 55 . continued : 51 jung yes : I hope I would never be stupid enough to get emotionally involved with a patient . he adjust the tiller , he composure beginning to return . int . sabina's apartment - day 52 the curtain be close . sabina lie in bed , watch unhappily as jung finish dress . eventually , he sit on a chair face she , knotting he tie , he expression grave . jung I be confuse . I feel trap , I have trap myself into feel divide and ... guilty . sabina I have never want you to feel guilty . jung I do not see how we can go on . he rise unsteadily to he foot . sabina spring out of bed and fling she arm around he . sabina you must not say that . jung I have some kind of illness . try to remember the love and patience I show towards you when you be ill . that 's what I need from you now . sabina of course . you have it . always . but please do not go . he look down at she tremble body . jung I must . I have to . he detach himself from she , turn and hurry out of the apartment , grab he coat and hat from behind the door . 53 54 white revision - 4-22-10 56 . int . dine room . kusnacht - night 53 jung and emma be eat dinner : he seem distract . emma I can not say I be sorry to say goodbye to he . not the easiest houseguest we have ever have . jung no . I do not think he ever recover from he first view of the house . jung shake he head . jung ( cont 'd ) I suppose , compare to that tiny flat in Vienna ... emma why do he refuse to meet the herr direktor ? jung oh , he 's always be a great one for bear incomprehensible grudge . emma look at he , she expression change . emma do he say anything to you about anonymous letter ? jung look up , shocked . he stop eat in mid-chew . emma watch he for a second , then speak , very quietly . emma ( cont 'd ) surely you do not think I would let you go without put up a fight ? int . jung be office - day 54 jung sit , very tense , behind he desk , wait . he 's start to get up when there 's a knock at the door . he sit down again . jung come in . white revision - 4-22-10 57 . 54 continued : 54 sabina surge into the room , slamm the door behind she . sabina why be you do this ? jung please sit down . sabina how could you treat I this way ? jung sit down ! tense silence : then she sit in the chair furthest away from he desk . jung ( cont 'd ) I try to explain the situation to you mother . sabina I do not know how you dare say that thing to she . jung she come in wave a anonymous letter , demand to know if it be true . I tell she even if it be , the position would not be quite as she imagine , since you be no longer my patient . sabina of course I be you patient ! jung technically not , not since I stop charge you . sabina that 's what she say ; I tell she I do not believe she and she tell I you say you fee be ten francs a consultation . white revision - 4-22-10 58 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 jung I be try to point out that I would take you back as a patient , but that I could only undertake to see you inside this office . sabina how can you be so cold and offhand ? jung I be try to make she understand the distinction between a patient and a friend . he make a huge effort to remain calm . jung ( cont 'd ) listen , I have make a stupid mistake ... sabina be that what it be ? jung I break one of the elementary rule of my profession . I be you doctor : and I believe I do you some good . I can not forgive myself for overstep the mark : I should have know that if I give you what you want , you would not be able to help want more . sabina I do not want more , I never want more , I never ask for more . jung you do not have to ask . sabina even if you be right , which I dispute , you think this be a proper way to behave towards I ? refuse to speak to I except in you office ? jung I be you physician : from now on , that 's all I can be . white revision - 4-22-10 59 . 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 silence . finally , sabina look up at he . sabina do not you love I anymore ? jung only as you physician . sabina you think I be go to stand for this ? jung what choice do you have ? move with tremendous speed , sabina be on she foot and round the desk , where she deal he a staggering openhand blow to the face . jung struggle to he foot under a rain of blow , until he 's able to grip she wrist . jung ( cont 'd ) you have to understand : I be you physician ! she 's glaring fiercely at he ; as soon as he release she wrist , once again move like lightning , she grab the paper - knife from the desk and lunge at he . sabina then heal thyself ! she 's open up a gash on he cheek : and as he put up a astonished hand to feel the blood which be start to well , she go for he again . this time , he 's able to grasp she wrist and disarm she after a short , vicious , struggle . she take a couple of step back , still shaking with fury . then she reach into she bag , pull out a tenfranc note and slap it on to he cheek , where it adhere . sabina ( cont 'd ) and there 's you ten francs ! she rush blindly from the room , leave jung stand amaze , reach up to peel the banknote from he bloody cheek . 55 56 57 58 white revision - 4-22-10 60 . int . sabina's apartment - night 55 sabina be at she desk in a pool of lamplight , dress in she nightgown , pen in hand . she begin to write . sabina ( v.o. ) dear Professor Freud ... she look up , clear away tear with the back of she hand . sabina ( cont 'd ) .-+.- I would be most grateful if you would allow I to come and visit you in Vienna on a matter of great interest to we both ... int . freud study - night 56 freud be at he desk , write . freud ( v.o. ) dear friend , I have just receive this extremely strange letter ... int . jung' study . kusnacht - day 57 jung sit in he beautifully design new study with its view of the garden lead down to the lake , read a letter from freud , while in the other hand he hold sabina 's letter . freud ( v.o. ) do you know this woman ? who be she ? ext . garden . kusnacht - day 58 jung and emma take tea at a table close to the lake . the baby , franz , be in he pram , while the two girl , agathe , 5 , and gret , 3 , play under the watchful eye of they nursemaid . emma be watch jung , who look pale and tense and a thousand mile away . jung ( v.o . ) as you will no doubt recall , spielrein be the case that bring you and I together , for which reason I have always regard she with special gratitude and affection : until I ( more ) 58 59 60 61 white revision - 4-22-10 61 . continued : 58 jung ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) understand that she be systematically plan my seduction . now I have no idea what she intention may be : revenge , I suspect . int . freud study - day 59 freud read jung 's letter . jung ( v.o . ) I have never show such friendship to a patient , nor have I ever be make to suffer so much in return . I be hope you will agree to act as a kind of go - between and avert a disaster . freud frown , scratch he chin and puffing at he cigar . ext . lake zurich - day 60 jung sit alone at the tiller of he boat . the weather be overcast , the lake choppy and desert . jung ( v.o . ) you famous say be carve in block letter on my heart : " whatever you do , give up any idea of try to cure they . " he take a letter out of he pocket to re-read it . freud ( v.o. ) experience like this , however painful , be necessary and inevitable . without they , how can we know life ? int . freud study - night 61 freud be poise to write . beside he , the methodical pile of he daily correspondence . freud ( v.o. ) dear miss spielrein , Dr. jung be a good friend and colleague of mine , whom I believe to be incapable of frivolous or shabby behaviour . ( more ) 61 62 63 white revision - 4-22-10 62 . continued : 61 freud ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what I infer from you letter be that you use to be close friend , but be no longer so . int . sabina's apartment - night 62 sabina lie on she narrow bed , sobbing , the page of freud 's letter spread out across she stomach . freud ( v.o . ) if this be the case , I would urge you to consider whether the feeling that have survive this close friendship be not best suppress and forget ; and without the intervention and involvement of third person , such as myself . int . jung be office - day 63 jung be in the process of clear out he office , load book and papers into cardboard box . the scar on he cheek have almost disappear . he look up and be shocked to see sabina stand in the doorway . when he speak , he tone be harsh . jung what be it ? sabina I hear you be leave the hospital . jung as you see . sabina people be say it 's because of the scandal I cause . jung I would be plan to leave anyway . sabina well , I be sorry if I ... precipitate it . 63 white revision - 4-22-10 63 . continued : 63 jung you have always be something of a catalyst . sabina advance a little further into the room , she tone less defensive . sabina I have have a letter from Professor Freud . jung oh , yes . sabina the thing that shine through be how much he love you . jung nod abruptly , he reaction to this evidently ambivalent . sabina ( cont 'd ) but what be also clear be that you deny everything . you let he think I be a fantasist or a liar . jung I do not see that it 's any of he business . sabina I have come to ask you to tell he the truth . jung what ? sabina I want you to write and tell he everything . jung be obviously horrify by this suggestion . sabina ( cont 'd ) and I want he to write to I again to confirm you have tell he everything . jung be you blackmail I ? 63 white revision - 4-22-10 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 63 sabina I be ask you to tell the truth . jung why be this so important to you ? sabina I want he to take I as he patient . jung be appal . jung do it have to be he ? sabina it have to be he . she look at he for a moment , consider he torment expression . sabina ( cont 'd ) you do not feel the same way about he , do you ? jung I be disappointed by he rigid pragmatism , he insistence that nothing can possibly exist , unless some puny and transitory intelligence have first become aware of it . sabina all the same , will you write to he ? jung look away , not answer . sabina ( cont 'd ) I could have damage you , you know , far worse than I do . I choose not to . jung all right , I will do it . sabina thank you . it mean everything to I . 63 64 65 white revision - 4-22-10 65 . continued : ( 3 ) 63 jung move to look out of the window . jung be you go somewhere for the summer ? sabina Berlin , with my parent . jung but you be go to come back to the University ? to qualify ? sabina of course . jung I be go to America . with Freud , although he do not yet know it . sabina that 's nice . Goodbye . jung turn back from the window , surprised : but she 's already go . int . freud study - day 64 freud have a letter in he hand : he 's look into the middle distance with a expression of considerable satisfaction . jung ( v.o. ) ...- in view of my friendship for the patient and she complete trust in I , what I do be indefensible ; I confess this , very unhappily , to you , my father - figure ... freud permit himself a very faint smile . ext . no.7 schonleinstrasse - day 65 sabina stand surround by suitcase in front of she apartment building . a taxi pull up at the curb . freud ( v.o. ) dear miss spielrein , I owe you a apology . ( more ) 65 66 67 white revision - 4-22-10 66 . continued : 65 freud ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but the fact that I be wrong and that the man be to be blame rather than the woman , satisfy my own need to revere woman . please accept my admiration for the very dignify way you have resolve this conflict . int . taxi - day 66 as , from she p.o.v. , the apartment building recede and vanish , sabina turn back , a prey to conflict emotion . ext . dockside - day 67 a small knot of psychoanalyst have gather at the foot of the gangplank lead up to the impose height of the s.s George Washington to see off jung , freud and they travel - companion , sandor ferenczi , 36 , a mild - look hungarian analyst and fervent disciple of freud . setting off up the gangplank freud pause to wave regally to he follower ; then he turn somewhat irritably to ferenczi . freud do we have all the necessary paperwork , ferenczi ? ferenczi I have everything . Professor . freud I have always be in two mind about America . be we make a foolish error ? do they really want we there ? ferenczi they postpone the Congress two month so that you could attend , Professor . surely that give you some indication . freud yes . by contrast to freud , jung look genuinely exhilated . jung I think it 's go to be a great adventure . 67 67a 68 blue revision - 6/5/10 67 . continued : 67 freud I hope you be right . but he continue to look sceptical . int . deck . s.s. GEORGE WASHINGTON - day 67a by now they have reach the head of the gangplank and a officer be inspect the papers proffer by jung and ferenczi . jung 's papers be return first , with a deferential bow . jung I go this way . freud what do you mean ? jung I leave my wife to make the arrangement : I be afraid she 's book I a first - class stateroom . freud I see . he 's extremely displease . he glare after jung as the latter set off , escort by a steward . ext . deck . s.s. GEORGE WASHINGTON - day 68 the ship glide slowly through Atlantic fog across a glassy sea . freud , wrap in heavy overcoat and plaid blanket , shuffles around the deck , accompany by jung , who have to keep slow down so as not to leave he behind . jung I be on the swiss -austrian border , somewhere in the mountain , at dusk . there be a long wait , because everybody 's baggage be be searched . I notice a decrepit custom official wear the old royal and imperial uniform and I be watch he walk up and down , with he melancholy and disgruntled expression , when someone say to I : " he be not really there , he 's a ghost , who still have not find out how to die properly . " 68 blue revision - 6/5/10 continued : freud be that the whole dream ? 67a . 68 white revision - 4-22-10 68. 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 jung all I can remember . freud do you say the swiss -austrian border ? jung yes . freud must have something to do with we . jung you think so ? freud everybody 's be searched . perhaps that 's a indication that the idea which use to flow so freely between we be now subject to the most suspicious examination . jung you mean the idea flow in you direction . freud and I be afraid the old relic shuffle about in this entirely useless fashion must almost certainly be I . jung wait a minute ... freud whom you very mercifully wish could be put out of he misery . a humane death wish . jung perhaps the fact he be unable to die simply indicate the immortality of he idea . freud so you agree it must have be I ? white revision - 4-22-10 69 . 68 continued : ( 3 ) 68 jung I do not say that . freud never mind , it 's a most entertaining example . he stop for a moment , to look out to sea . jung what about you , do you have a dream to report ? freud I have a most elaborate dream last night . particularly rich . jung let 's hear it . silence . jung be leave stare at freud 's back for some time . freud I would love to tell you , but I do not think I should . jung why ever not ? freud turn to look at he , smile mirthlessly . freud I would not want to risk my authority . jung 's mouth open and shut ; he 's nonpluss . 69 ext . new york harbour - day 69 the George Washington steam past the statue of Liberty towards the dazzle New York skyline . freud contemplate it , frown ; he 's flanke by jung . jung be absolutely entrance . jung take it from I , what you be look at be the future . 69 70 71 white revision - 4-22-10 70 . continued : 69 freud but do you think they have any idea we be on we way , bring they the plague ? jung look at freud with incomprehension . they be stand shoulder to shoulder , but there seem a thousand mile between they . slow fade to black ext . tower . kusnacht - day 70 sabina be 25 now , she hair fashionably restyle and she dress new . she walk firmly down the long , tree -line stone pathway lead to the intimidating tower of the jung ' villa , but hesitates at the front door , a little overcome : then she summon up she courage and tug at the bell - pull . a caption : kusnacht , 25th september , 1910 . int . jung be study - day 71 sabina stand in the window , look out at the garden and the lake beyond ; she 's considerably startle by the voice of agathe jung , now 6 , who have come into the room without she notice . agathe what 's you name ? sabina sabina . agathe sabina . hello , sabina . my name 's agathe . sabina hello , agathe . agathe be you stay to lunch ? jung I do not think she can today . so say goodbye . 71 white revision - 4-22-10 71 . continued : 71 again , sabina be startle , this time by jung , who 's speak on he way into the room . agathe Goodbye , sabina . sabina Goodbye , agathe . the little girl run out of the room , leave the two adult look intensely constrain . sabina be make a not entirely successful effort not to tremble . he motion for she to sit down and reach for a bulky document on he desk . jung whose idea be it that you should send I you dissertation ? sabina the herr direktor . jung ah , yes , of course . sabina he keep insist this be the kind of material you be look for for you yearbook . jung it certainly be a very fascinating case you have choose to investigate . but if we be to consider it for the yearbook there be one or two mistake which will have to be deal with . sabina of course . jung might you have a little time to discuss all this ? sabina well , yes . 71 white revision - 4-22-10 72. continued : ( 2 ) 71 jung when I leave the hospital and move out here , I be afraid it would take year to build up a roster of patient , but I be afraid we be already under siege . he reach for he diary , start to consult it . sabina how 's ... Mrs. jung ? jung very well : I do not suppose you will be amaze to hear she 's expect another addition to the family any day now . sabina congratulation . jung thank you . sabina you house be beautiful . jung thanks . anyway , I do not see why a little more work should not make you dissertation eminently publishable . sabina do you think we would be able to work on it together without ...? she break off . they look at one another for a moment . jung it 's always go to be something of a risk , see one another . sabina yes . jung but I believe we have the character to be able to deal with the situation , do not you ? 71 71a 72 blue revision - 6/5/10 73 . continued : ( 3 ) 71 sabina I hope so . dangerous silence . sabina ( cont 'd ) I somehow imagine you would have find another admirer by now . jung look away ; then back to she . jung no . you be the jewel of great price . he make a effort and resume a businesslike tone . jung ( cont 'd ) shall we say this time next Tuesday ? and I will start gently rip you to shred . ext . promontory near schonleinstrasse - day 71a jung contemplate sabina 's apartment . he light he pipe , then cross the street . int . sabina's apartment -— day 72 back in sabina 's old apartment , now somewhat spruce up , jung and sabina discuss the dissertation which lie spread out on the coffee table in front of they . jung explain this analogy you make between the sex instinct and the death instinct . sabina Professor Freud claim the sexual drive arise from a simple urge towards pleasure . if he 's right , the question be why be this urge so often successfully repress ? jung you use to have a theory involve the impulse towards destruction and self - destruction : lose oneself . blue revision - 6/5/10 73a. 72 continued : 72 sabina well , suppose we think of sexuality as fusion , lose oneself , as you say , but lose oneself in the other , ( more ) 72 73 74 white revision - 4-22-10 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 sabina ( cont 'd ) in other word , destroy one 's own individuality . would not the ego , in self - defence , automatically resist that impulse ? jung you mean for selfish not for social reason ? sabina yes , I be say perhaps true sexuality demand the destruction of the ego . jung ( with quiet satisfaction ) in other word , the opposite of what Freud propose . int . sabina's apartment - later 73 sabina cry out in pain . she 's bent along the top of the sofa . her hand be tie together with a leather belt and she 's watch herself in the mirror on the opposite wall as jung move behind she , cause she to cry out again . int . sabina's apartment - later 74 jung , sit at a small table , clothes in disarray , scribbles a note on sabina 's dissertation . sabina , on the other side of the room , look at he , she face tense as she wind up the courage to say what she feel she have to . sabina when I graduate , I have decide to leave Ziirich . jung look up , completely take by surprise . sabina ( cont 'd ) I have to . jung why ? sabina you know why . 74 75 white revision - 4-22-10 75 . continued : 74 silence , break by a deep sigh from jung . jung it 's true : I be nothing but a philistine swiss bourgeois . a complacent coward . I want to break away and leave everything and disappear with you and then ... come the voice of the philistine . ( pause ) where will you go ? sabina Vienna , maybe . jung please do not go there . sabina I must go wherever I need to feel free . abruptly , jung burst into tear ; he get up from he desk , move round it and crash to he knee in front of sabina , bury he face in she lap . jung do not . she look down at he large head and heaving shoulder with infinite sadness , but , as she reach down to stroke he hair , she 's dry - eye and determine - look . fade int . freud study - night 75 fade up on freud , as he light he cigar and contemplate sabina benevolently across he desk . a caption : two year later . vienna , 17th april , 1912 . freud you know , you paper lead to one of the most stimulate discussion we have ever have at the psychoanalytic Society . do you really think the sexual drive ... white revision - 4-22-10 76 . 75 continued : 75 he break off briefly to consult he note . freud ( cont 'd ) -.. be a ' demonic and destructive force ' ? sabina yes , at the same time as be a creative force , in the sense that it can produce , out of the destruction of two individuality , a new be . but the individual always have to overcome a resistance because of the self - annihilate nature of the sexual act . freud I have fight against the idea for some time , but I suppose there must be some kind of indissoluble link between sex and death . I do not feel the relationship between the two be quite as you have portray it , but I be most grateful to you for animate the subject in such a stimulate way . the only slight shock be you introduction , at the very end of you paper , of the name of Christ . sabina be you completely oppose to any kind of religious dimension in we field ? freud in general , I do not care if a man believe in rama , marx or Aphrodite , as long as he keep it out of the consulting room . sabina be that what 's at the bottom of you dispute with Dr. jung ? freud I have no dispute with Dr. jung . I be simply mistaken about he . ( more ) white revision - 4-22-10 77 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) freud ( cont 'd ) I think he be go to be able to carry we work forward , after I be go ; I do not bargain for all that second - rate mysticism and self - aggrandise shamanism . I do not realise he could be so brutal and sanctimonious . sabina he 's try to find some way forward , so that we do not just have to tell we patient , this be why you be the way you be ; he want to be able to say , we can show you what you might want to become . freud play God , in other word . we have no right to do that . the world be as it be : understanding and accept that be the way to psychic health . what good can we do if we aim be simply to replace one delusion with another ? sabina well , I agree with you . freud I have notice that in the crucial area of dispute between Dr. jung and myself , you tend to favour I . sabina I think you have no dispute with he . freud smile , acknowledge he 's be catch out . then , he brow furrow . freud you still love he , do not you ? sabina that 's not why I be plead he cause . ( more ) white revision - 4-22-10 78 . 75 continued : ( 3 ) 75 sabina ( cont 'd ) I just feel that if you two do not find a way to co-exist , it will hold back the progress of psychoanalysis , perhaps indefinitely . freud if you still love he , it 's because you have not yet understand the hatred he deserve . I believe he 's quite capable of destroy all the good work of the last twenty year and put nothing of value in its place . however , since you do love he , I will restrain myself . sabina be there no way to avert a rupture ? freud correct scientific relation will be maintain , of course . i'1l be see he at the editorial meeting in munich in November and I shall be perfectly civil . to tell you the truth , what finish he for I be all that business about you , the lie , the ruthless behaviour . I be very shocked . on you behalf . sabina I think he love I . freud all the more reason to behave better , would not you say ? I be afraid you idea of a mystical union with a blond siegfry be inevitably doom . put not you trust in aryan . we be Jews , my dear miss spielrein ; and Jews we will always be . sabina look back at he , surprised by the sudden intensity in he voice . aware of this , he take a puff of he cigar and speak in a quite different tone . 75 76 white revision - 4-22-10 79 . continued : ( 4 ) 75 freud ( cont 'd ) now : the real reason I invite you here this evening be to ask if you would be prepare to take on one or two of my patient . sabina 's face light up in genuine delight . int . conference room . park HOTEL . munich - day 76 present be the president of the local society : Freud , jung , abraham , seif , Ernest Jones , riklin , and johan van ophuijsen , secretary of the Ziirich society . jung be on he foot , gather up he papers , as the rest of the delegete , who have be sit round a long table cover in green baize , now litter with half - empty carafe and glass of water , head for the door . freud , at the head of the table , some way away , be also marshall he document . they be obviously go to be the last two man leave in the room ; and , as if bow to the inevitable , reluctantly , freud eventually speak . freud I think that be a fairly satisfactory session , do not you ? jung I be interested in what you say about monotheism : that it arise historically out of some kind of patricidal impulse . freud yes , akhnaton , who as far as we know be the first to put forward the bizarre notion that there be only one God , also have he father 's name erase and chisell out of all public monument . jung that 's not strictly true . freud pause in the act of tidy he papers . he look up at jung , a ferocious glint in he eye . 76 white revision - 4-22-10 80 . continued : 76 freud not true ? jung no. freud you mean it 's most probably a myth ? jung no . I mean there be two perfectly straightforward reason for akhnaton , or amenhopis iv , as I prefer to call he , to excise he father 's name from the cartouch . first , this be something traditionally do by all new king , who do not wish they father 's name to continue to be public currency . freud in much the same way as you article in the yearbook fail to mention my name ? the atmosphere be become electric . jung you name be so well - know , it hardly seem necessary to mention it . freud do go on . jung secondly , amenhopis only strike out the first half of he father 's name , amenhotep , because , like the first half of he own name , it be share by amon , one of the god he be determine to eliminate . freud as simple as that ? jung the explanation do not seem to I unduly simple . 76 77 78 white revision - 4-22-10 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 76 freud and you think you man , whatever you call he , feel no hostility whatsoever towards he father ? jung I have no mean of proof , of course . for all I know , amenhopis may have think he father 's name be quite familiar enough and that now it might be time to make a name for himself . at which point , freud faint , pitching forward , ricochete off the table and end in a heap on the floor . jung bound forward , gather he up in he arm , carry he across the room and lower he gently on to one of the old brown sofa which line the wall . freud come to ; and look up at jung , fear and vulnerability openly express on he face . freud how sweet it must be to die . int . jung be study - day 77 jung sit at he desk , write a letter . jung ( v.o. ) if I may say so , dear Professor , you make the mistake of treat you friend like patient . this enable you to reduce they to the level of child , so that they only choice be to become obsequious nonentity or bully enforcer of the party line ... int . freud study - night 78 freud sit , frown , in a haze of cigar smoke , read a letter . jung ( v.o. ) .+- while you sit on the mountaintop , the infallible father - figure ; and nobody dare to pluck you by the beard and say : think about you behaviour and then decide which one of we be the neurotic . I speak as a friend . 78 79 80 81 82 white revision - 4-22-10 82 . continued : 78 freud utter a bark of incredulous laughter and reach for he pen . int . dine room . kusnacht - day 79 jung look up from he substantial breakfast as the maid arrive with he correspondence on a silver tray . he reach for the letter , see immediately the familiar handwrite on one of they and impatiently break open the letter . freud ( v.o. ) you letter can not be answer . you claim that I treat my friend like patient be self - evidently untrue . as to which of we be the neurotic , I think we analyst be agree a little neurosis be nothing whatever to be ashamed of ... ext . upper belvedere . vienna - day 80 freud walk past the statue of the sphinxes , deep in think . it 's a foggy morning , the city below shroud in mist . freud ( v.o. ) but a man like you , who behave quite abnormally and then stand there shouting at the top of he voice how normal he be , do give considerable cause for concern . int . dine room . kusnacht - day 81 jung read on , he face flush with anger . freud ( v.o. ) for a long time now , we relationship have be hang by a thread ; and a thread , moreover , mostly consist of past disappointment . we have nothing to lose by cut it . jung crumple the letter ; he look at the same time furious and bereft . int . freud study - night 82 freud pace up and down , plainly very agitate . 82 83 84 white revision - 4-22-10 83 . continued : 82 jung ( v.o. ) you will be the best judge of what this moment mean to you . the rest be silence . finally , freud move to the bookshelf , where he pick up a frame photograph of jung , consider it with a pain expression , and then lay it back , face down , on the shelf . ext . lake zurich - day 83 jung sit alone , out on the lake , in the boat with red sail . his face sink into he hand and he give a anguish groan . ext . garden . kusnacht - day 84 it 's a beautiful sunny day , the follow summer , 1913 . jung sit in a large wicker chair , look out across the lake . he look pale and unwell ; and despite the sunlight , there 's a blanket over he knee . not far off , tea be be clear away ; and the four jung child play under the supervision of they nursemaid . still at the table be emma jung and sabina , who wear a wedding ring and be quite unmistakably pregnant . emma so good to have meet you at last , Dr. spielrein . sabina we do meet once before . when I be you husband 's patient . emma I think you be right . sabina you child be glorious . emma thank you . you must let we know when yours arrive . I expect you want a boy . sabina no , no : my husband and I both think we would prefer a girl . 84 white revision - 4-22-10 84 . continued : 84 emma really . the child be be take away : but agathe , 8 now , break away from they . agathe can not I stay ? emma no , run along with the other . agathe oh , look ... she 's see a butterfly and run off in pursuit of it . emma turn back to sabina . emma I wish you could help he . sabina why , what 's the matter ? emma he 's not himself . he 's very confuse and bog down with he book . he 's not sleep . he 's not take on any new patient . he still have not recover from the violence of he break with Professor Freud . I have be around this kind of thing enough to feel almost sure he 's head for a nervous breakdown . sabina what you be describe be very unlike my memory of he . emma if you be stay in town , I would try to persuade he to let you analyse he . I know he ... always set great store by you opinion . you be take patient now ? white revision - 4-22-10 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 sabina I have pretty much decide to specialise in child psychology . I be not sure it 's a field he approve of , I have not discuss it with he . but I think if the problem can be catch early enough ... emma when the child be of age , I be intend to become a therapist . although I have not discuss it with Carl either . sabina you must be under a great strain . jung raise he head and look across at they . emma you would better go and talk to he . she 's about to move off : sabina stop she . sabina no one can help he more than you . emma I hope you be right . sabina lean forward and kiss she on both cheek ; then move over to join jung . sabina you have beautiful child . jung look up at she : he ignore she remark completely . jung so , you be marry . sabina yes . jung and he 's a doctor ? white revision - 4-22-10 86 . 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 sabina yes . his name be pavel scheftel . jung Russian ? sabina yes , a Russian Jew . jung what 's he like ? sabina kind . jung good , good . he look away , a spasm of pain crossing he face . sabina be you all right ? jung yes . I have not be sleep very well . I keep have this apocalyptic dream . a terrible flood from the North Sea to the alp : house wash away , thousand of float corpse . eventually it come crash down into the lake in a great tidal wave ; and by this time , the water , roaring down like some vast avalanche , have turn into blood . the blood of Europe . sabina what do you think it mean ? jung I have no idea : unless it 's about to happen . he turn back to sabina . jung ( cont 'd ) what be you plan ? white revision - 4-22-10 87 . 84 continued : ( 4 ) 84 sabina we have be think of go back to Russia . jung as long as you leave Vienna . sabina I speak to he last week . I can not believe there 's nothing to be do to ... jung there 's nothing to be do ! the day he refuse to discuss a dream with I on the grounds that it might risk he authority I should have know . after that , for I , he have no authority . it be a blow when I discover you would choose he side . sabina it 's not a question of side . I have to work in the direction my instinct tell my intelligence be the right one . do not forget , you cure I with he method . and you difference be not as great as you both think . if you could only find a way to advance together . jung be that what you come here to say ? sabina no . I be pass through from geneva . naturally , I think I would stop and visit . I have to go for my train very soon . jung yes , of course , I be sorry , I be not ... he break off , look out across the lake again . jung ( cont 'd ) it can not be do . ( more ) 84 white revision - 4-22-10 continued : ( 5 ) jung ( cont 'd ) what he will never accept be that what we understand have get we nowhere . we have to go into unchart territory . we have to go back , to the source of everything we believe . I do not just want to open a door and show the patient he illness , squatting there like a toad . I want to find a way to help the patient reinvent himself , to send he off on a journey , at the end of which be wait the person he be always intend to be . sabina but it 's no good make yourself ill in the process . jung only the wounded physician can hope to heal . silence . sabina break it , she tone calm . sabina I be tell you have a new mistress . jung be that right ? sabina what 's she name ? jung toni. sabina be she like I ? jung no . sabina she 's a ex-patient . jung yes . 88. 84 84 white revision - 4-22-10 89 . continued : ( 6 ) 84 sabina jewish . jung half jewish . sabina train to be a analyst . jung yes . sabina but she 's not like I ? jung naturally , she make I think of you . sabina how do you make it work ? jung I do not know . Emma , as you have see , be the foundation of my house ; Toni be the perfume in the air . he turn to she . jung ( cont 'd ) my love for you be the most important thing in my life . for better or worse , it make I understand who I be . sabina 's eye fill with tear . jung reach out and rest a hand on she stomach . jung ( cont 'd ) this should be mine . sabina yes . jung but sometimes you have to do something unforgivable , just to be able to go on live . 84 85 86 87 white revision - 4-22-10 90 . continued : ( 7 ) he lean forward and kiss she gently on the forehead . ext . lakeside road - day at sunset , a taxi putter along the lakeside road lead away from kiisnacht . int . taxi - day sabina turn back from the window . her expression , though full of emotion , be calm and not unhappy . she rest a hand lightly on she belly . ext . garden . kusnacht - day the sun shimmer red-gold on the ethereally tranquil lake . jung sit , look out across the water , lose in painful reflection . and the SOUND gradually swell , grow loud and louder , of some vast avalanche , crash down the mountain . as this SOUND and image gradually fade , a final roller begins : otto gross starve to death in Berlin in 1919 . sigmund freud be drive out of Vienna by the Nazis and die of cancer in London in 1939 . sabina spielrein return to Russia , train a number of the most distinguished analyst of the new Soviet Union and finally return to practise medicine in she native town , rostov-on - Don . in 1941 , by now a widow , she and she two daughter be take by Nazi occupy force to a local synagogue and shot . carl gustav jung suffer a prolong nervous breakdown during the first World War , from which he emerge to become , eventually , the world 's lead psychologist . he outlive he wife , emma , and he mistress , toni wolff , and die peacefully in 1961 . 84 85 86 87