a death in the gunj written by konkona sensharma additional screenplay disha rindani base on a short story by mukul sharma . draft 7.1 date : 21/01/2016 registration number : l-58669/2014 a 1203 / 4 Poseidon Apartments off yari Road , panch marg versova , andheri West Mumbai 400061 022-26303212 on black Super : mccluskiegunj , 1979 . fade in : ext . undisclosed location . dusk 1 a old , blue ambassador be park in the middle of a stark and barren landscape . a shabby building stand at a distance . the camera be in the boot of the car and as the boot be lift , we see nandu ( 35 ) and Brian ( 34 ) silhouett against a bright afternoon sky . nandu have he hand on he hip and Brian be peer into the boot . they be both dress in unkempt winter clothes and look dishevel . the camera be behind they now as nandu and Brian awkwardly struggle to hoist a dead body wrap in a sheet into the trunk . it do not fit . nandu hold on to the foot that stick out in a awkward position . brian ( holding onto the head ) why do not you bend the knee , like in a foetal position ? they exchange a look . they put the body in a foetal position ; it fit . they slam the boot shut . on black we hear , brian ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) you be okay to drive ? nandu ( 0.c . ) ya . you get the papers right ? brian ( 0.c . ) yup . the door close and the ignition start . as the blue ambassador drive away we see reveal the dilapidate sign : ranchi morgue , against a stark landscape . CUT to : ext . ranchi highway . dusk . 2 in a series of long shot we see the same ambassador on a lonely stretch of a highway . CUT to : int / ext . ranchi highway . dusk . 3 through the window of the driver 's seat we see nandu drive . Brian be sit in the passenger 's seat . he light two cigarettes and give nandu one . CUT to : int / ext . ranchi highway . dusk . 4 through the windscreen we see a third passenger in the backseat : shutu ( 23 ) , wear a green woollen sweater , sit at the edge of he seat . he look worried and scared . we move to a extreme close up . CUT to : ext . ranchi highway . dusk . 5 we be on a wide lens on the side of the road . highway in the foreground and landscape at the back . the ambassador enter frame right and exit leave . the title fade in as though float on the landscape at the back : a death in the gunj . the frame bleach to day as the title fade out and the dare car , now quite dusty , pass leave to right . CUT to : int / ext . ranchi highway . day . 6 Inside the car bonnie , nandu 's wife , sleep with she head loll back . Super : one week earlier . Day one/ Monday ( 27th december ) bonnie ( barnali bakshi ) be about 34 , have a quirky , pretty face and be wear over - size sunglass with a scarf tie under she chin . nandu and bonnie 's daughter , tania bakshi ( 7 ) be asleep on she mother 's lap , clutching a old rag doll . they friend , mimi ( mitali basu ) ( 34 ) be also in the back seat . mimi be a abundantly sexy , well turn out woman . she have a book open on she lap , though they be all sleep . they be wear winter , travel clothes . nandu sit in front , drive . his shirt sleeve roll up and a light cigarette in one hand . there be empty beer bottle clinking on the floor of the car . shutu sit in the front passenger seat . he have a rubik 's cube in he hand though he be surreptitiously look at mimi 's reflection in the rear view mirror . 3 . nandu look in the rear view mirror notice the girl huddle up in the cold , sleep at the back . nandu all out . shutu look behind and turn back at nandu , smile and go back to he rubik 's cube . CUT to : ext . highway . day . 7 the ambassador drive past a rusty signboard that read : ' mccluskiegunj : you visit will surprise you 's , with a map underneath . we stay on the board as the car drive by . shutu lean out of he window to get a better look . CUT to : ext . highway . dusk . 8 in a long shot we see the car turn off the highway . as the car approach the little town , the shop be close . bonnie wake up with a start , smoothen out she clothes and tie she hair . bonnie we have almost reach to ... remember to stop at curney 's . nandu if it 's still open . a shutter come down on a shop as nandu slow the car down . bonnie no , no . it 's up ahead . tani ( 0.c. ) ( whisper ) mama , susu . nandu pull up to a small house . they all come out of the car , shaking off the stupor of the long ride and stretch they leg . CUT to : int . curney house . dusk 9 they enter a dilapidate house . 10 bonnie Mrs. curney ! be you still open ? there be a old man , Mr. curney , huddle up in the corner , who do not respond . hear a sound , Mrs. curney pop she head out from behind a tatty lace curtain . mrs curney nandu ! you 'il be finally here ! I be wait for you folk . Mrs curney give tani a hug . mrs curney ( cont ’d ) hello deary ! tani be stiff and look away . bonnie smile apologetically . bonnie she 's be sleep . be there a bathroom we can use ? mrs curney of course ! come , come . ( turn to the other ) go ahead and have a look . Mrs curney trail off as she take bonnie and tani to the bathroom . mrs curney ( cont ’d ) it 's a bit of a mess , do not mind . mimi remain outside look at a old picture of Mr. and Mrs. curney with a little girl from a happier , more prosperous time . Mr. curney watch she blankly . CUT to : int / ext . curney house - bakery . dusk 10 shutu be look at patty and cake under the old fashioned glass counter . Mrs curney burst back in startling shutu in the process . mrs curney you mother mention you 'il be come today so I keep a loaf aside for you . nandu curney 's special loaf ! Mrs curney laugh , pleased . 11 mrs curney it get sell out so soon . you know the holiday season ? nandu of course . you remember my cousin , shutu ? shutu shyamal . hello . Mrs curney smile vaguely at nandu . nandu he 's not be in a while actually ... ( to shutu ) when 's the last time you be here ? shutu err ... just last year I think . bonnie and tani come back out . nandu take out he wallet . nandu we would better hurry before it get dark ! Mrs. curney take out a small Christmas cake and place it on the counter . mrs curney why do not you take this also ? you old man will love it . it 's get rum in it . nandu agree reluctantly . mrs curney ( cont ’d ) that will be 9 rupee and 4 annas only . CUT to : int . mrs . curney 's bakery . dusk 11 Mrs. curney hum a tune as she make she way to the back of the shop . she reach the kitchen and put she apron on . she pick up a tie up , half - dead chicken and place it ona cut block . with she back to camera , she raise she hand and bring it down on the block . CUT to : 12 13 ext . near the house . dusk 12 the car be go down a dirt road at the end of which be nandu 's parent 's house . it be a lonely , isolate property with few neighbour . there be dense forest behind the house . the car reach the wear wooden gate and honk loudly . there be a nameplate which read ' col . ( retd ) o.p bakshi . 's ext . mccluskiegunj house . dusk 13 maniya ( 45 ) , the adivasi caretaker , come out onto the driveway with a torch to open the gate with a shy smile . he be wear a monkey cap and muffler . nandu slow the car down and maniya lean in . nandu kaisa hain maniya ? mahua ka intezaam ho gaya ? maniya haan haan ... sabh taiyyaar hain ! as the car pull into the red gravel driveway of the house , maniya shut the gate behind they . a couple of dog run behind the car and bark , add to the commotion . we see the house light up by the headlight of the car , there 's no power . nandu 's parent , in they late sixty come out to the verandah to greet they , hold hurricane . they be blind by the beam of light from the car . uncle be portly , bald with a slight paunch . aunty look frail but sturdy . she be wear a sari with a sweater and a shawl . aunty manjari , a jao . woh log a gaye hain . tani run to she grandparent with she rag doll in hand , follow by bonnie . mimi step out with she vanity case in hand . nandu throw the car key to shutu as he walk to the verandah with a bag in hand . nandu open the dicky for maniya . shutu catch the key . as he open the boot , he stand alone and watch the family greet each other . from he Pov , we see the house for the first time . it be a modest bungalow with a circuit house feel . uncle ( 0.c. ) arrey , bada time lag gaya tum logon ko . 14 aunty ( 0.c. ) do you manage to leave at 5 ? nandu ( 0.c . ) by the time we leave , it be almost 6 . and then we have to pick up this mimi also . mimi arrey I be ready and wait for you guy for age ! maniya 's wife , manjari , ( 45 ) also they cook , come to help shutu with the luggage . shutu pick up he backpack and proceed to the verandah . aunty ki be shutu ? exam over ? shutu ( bend down to touch she foot ) yes , mashi . thanks . aunty ma bhalo ? ( how be you mother , all well ? ) shutu shob bhalo . ( all well , thanks ! ) they proceed into the house . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house . dusk 14 shutu put a few bag down near the round dining table on which lie aunty 's knitting kit . it be a combine live and dining room with a fireplace and a bar cabinet in a corner . a string of season 's greeting card hang over the mantelpiece . above the fireplace be mount a rifle , a .30 semi-automatic carbine . shutu pause to look at a few family photograph mount on the wall . nandu why have not the fire be light yet ? uncle look at this city people ! arrey , yeh thand toh kuch bhi nahi hain . abhi January aane do . aunty do not worry , we will put hot water bottle and extra blanket in you room . maniya , lakdi leke aao . nandu you lock it ? shutu uh.. no . nandu go and lock it shutu . this be bihar ! mimi and nobody ever steal anything in Cal to ? mimi walk across with she bag . aunty yes , please lock it . you remember when we find that man sleep in the car ? my God . mimi what ? really ? shutu look surprised . aunty why do you think we be raise the boundary wall ? uncle 10,000 rupee we be spend on it ! aunty it 's be very cold off late . uncle I do not care how cold , how drunk . thand ho toh mere gaadi mein soyega kya ? kal bolenge mere verandah mein sona hain . nandu notice that shutu be still stand there and listen . nandu just go and lock it up shutu ! shutu abruptly turn around to go outside . CUT to : 9. 15 int . bonnie 's room . night 15 bonnie be unpack in the guest bedroom which be simple yet pretty with lace curtain and some basic furniture . tani be jump on the bed where some toiletry have be laid out . bonnie tani , get out of that filthy clothes first ! aunty enter with blanket and place it down on the bed . bonnie take out few tin of condense milk , some lace serviette , a bottle of cream and 2 tin of yardley 's talcum powder give it to aunty . Inside the suitcase we can see bottle of alcohol and cigarette supplies . aunty shonamuni , khe cho ? bonnie maa , tomar jeenish gulo . aunty peyechish . can not get anything in this godforsake place . cha khabi toh ? bonnie no , we will have dinner soon to . aunty make a move to go . bonnie ( cont 'd ) oh and we have get some Christmas cake also . curney manage to palm it off to nandu . aunty uff curney ... aunty look at tani and smile . aunty ( cont 'd ) ek anna ka fika chai , ek anna ka fulauri . tani join in , jump with glee . bonnie maa , you do not teach she this thing . aunty walk away laugh . CUT to : 16 17 10 . int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night . 16 shutu be huddle at the fire that have just be light . nandu be pour the drink and look anxiously at he father . aunty walk in with serviette . nandu how be you knee Baba ? better ? uncle ( grunt ) at my age nothing get better . nandu face it ma , you guy will have to move back to Cal sooner or later . aunty oof ! you have start already ! uncle arrey tumhe kis baat ki chinta hain ? Doctor goswami aata rehta hain to yaha . aunty ha , ha aata rehta hain ... roj aata hain aur roj hamara ek bottle daru pee jata hain . nandu ( laugh ) Baba , agar aapko peena hain toh Dr. uncle ke saath piyo . ( to aunty ) but if something happen , you be go to call vikram only to to drive he to maandar . aunty not that vikram be go to be any less drunk . ( turn to shutu ) shutu go and put on a sweater . the approach headlight of a jeep shine into the live room from outside . aunty ( cont ’d ) whose car be that ? CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house . night 17 nandu open the front door . the jeep halt at the verandah . they local friend Brian and vikram step out of the jeep . 11 . vikramjit choudhary ( 38 ) , a moustach man wear a rugge leather jacket , fade jeans and boot . Brian McKenzie ( 34 ) , a pleasant face , burly anglo-indian man wear a hand knitted sweater and have a distinct small - town demeanor in comparison to vikram 's confident swagger . nandu arrey jamai babu ! where 's you ghodi ? vikram laugh sheepishly and hug nandu . vikram hold nandu 's face in both he hand and kiss he cheek loudly . brian ghodi ya gaadi ? dekho jamai babu ko dowry mein kya mila . Brian gesture to vikram 's new jeep . vikram kya mila ? yaha toh dena pada . nandu make a kill ha ? what happen to stella ? nandu hug Brian slapping he on he back . the three of they greet each other boisterously . nandu ( cont ’d ) Brian ! good to see you man ! nandu notice vikram take out a big box from the back seat of he jeep . nandu ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be that ? vikram he he ! wait till aunty see this ! nandu so much maska you maaro to ... they laugh as they walk towards the main door from where shutu watch they exchange shyly . vikram you could use stella while you be here . vikram notice shutu . he point to something on shutu 's shirt . shutu look down and vikram flick he on he chin . vikram ( cont 'd ) how be you pehelwan ? dekh isko itna daadi a gaya ? 18 12 . shutu , somewhat irk , give he a tight smile while Brian muss he hair . he watch as the three of they go inside to greet aunty and uncle . uncle ( 0.c. ) arrey vikram beta a gaye ? bahu ko ghar lekar a gaye ? CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night . 18 uncle aur sabh kaisa raha ? sabh theek se ho gaya to shaadi mein ? vikram and Brian hug uncle and aunty . vikram ( give aunty a kiss ) good good . very hectic . aunty what 's this vikram ? vikram start to open the box . vikram tan-ta-da ! vikram unwrap a shiny new cassette player . he place it on the coffee table . aunty ( delighted but a little embarrassed ) beta , we should be give you present ... you should not have ! vikram arrey aunty , I get two of this for the wedding . besides , this be my second home be not it ! aunty ( while kissing he ) what second home ? we only see you when nandu be in town . uncle he 's a busy man now anu , very busy . huh ? aunty not too busy to see we . and when do we get to meet the missus ? why do not you bring she ? 13 . vikram no , no , I just drop in on my way back from work . besides she 's still recover from the wedding ! brian so be I ! we really miss you guy . vikram ( look around for the other ) ya , ya . we really do . aunty what to do beta , uncle 's knee you know to ... nandu tch , bonnie really want to make it ... just could not get leave ya . aunty anyway , this week we be do dinner at home . nandu you say when you be free ? tomorrow ? Day after ? oh 31st ! uncle yes , do do . New Year party ghar pe hoga . vikram arrey I be free only , ask this Brian fucker . he 's a chupa rustom . tell they you big news . ( distract ) where be the girl ? vikram walk away inside . everyone turn to Brian curiously . Brian look sheepish . nandu what plan ? you be also get marry ? brian vikram man ! nothing yaa ... I may finally have a job . uncle ( 0.c. ) arrey well do beta ! challo let 's have some daaru shaaru ! CUT to : 14 . 19 int . bonnie 's bedroom . night . 19 tani have change and unenthusiastically eat a omelette . bonnie you better finish that whole thing tani . tani I can not have anymore . I be go to do ulti . bonnie ok , ok leave it . go and brush you tooth . bonnie hand she a toothbrush and start to comb she own hair when she hear something from the corridor . vikram walk in with a lantern . vikram fee fi fo fum . I smell the blood of a English meem . vikram put the lantern down and go to tickle tani . tani squeal and hide behind a pillow as he attack she . bonnie ( laugh ) where 's you wife ? she 's outside ? bonnie peek behind he expectantly . vikram ( take out a chocolate from he pocket ) no , no . I could not get she today . they be plan some dinner shinner outide . you will see she soon . where be mimi ? bonnie give he a funny look and point to another room . bonnie she 's inside , in uncle 's study . CUT to : 20 int . shutux room . night . 20 shutu be alone in he poky little ante room rummage through he backpack . he take out a sweater and put it on . he keep a few book on the desk . he take out he toothbrush , a few clothes and open the cupboard . Inside he find a pile of warm clothes and some miscellaneous item . 21 22 23 15 . he put he clothes on a shelf and run he hand through the woollen . he notice one he recognize and pull it out . he look at it for a moment and then smell it . he quickly take off the sweater he be wear and put on the other one . it be a hand knit , moth eat , olive green sweater . he hug himself and be still for a moment , lean into the open cupboard . CUT to : int . mimi 's room . night 21 mimi have emptied she duffel bag . she be stand on a stool and attempt to store it away above the cupboard . as she raise she arm , she waist be expose . vikram see this as he come and lean at the door . vikram need any help ? mimi turn around and smile . mimi Mr. vikramjit choudhury ! she jump off the stool and come across to hug he . mimi ( cont 'd ) congratulation ! how be the honeymoon ? she lean in to kiss he on the cheek . vikram kiss mimi on the lip , surprising she but she let he . CUT to : int . corridor - outside mimi 's room . night 22 shutu who be pass through the corridor happen to see the couple . he look on intensely . CUT to : int . corridor - outside mimi 's room . night . 23 shutu 's Pov : as the couple kiss , the light flicker a few time and the power come back dimly . shutu step back into the shadow . there be cheer from outside . aunty ( 0.c. ) batti a gayi manjari . khana laga do . 24 25 26 16 . from outside the door we see vikram and mimi kiss until vikram reach back to shut the door , without a sound . CUT to : int . dine table . night 24 as shutu walk in , other have gather around the dining table , sit down for dinner . bonnie so Australia . so far ? you will be take aunty with you ? brian let 's see once I get there . nandu I be glad you be get out of here . when 's you join date ? brian Feb onwards , I think . shutu ( sit down next to Brian ) congratulation Brian ! aunty arrey , eta Baba 'ri sweater to ? ( this be you father 's sweater , be not it ? ) shutu smile at aunty as she start to serve he . vikram walk in . mimi follow . shutu look at they curiously . vikram pick up some salad from bonnie 's plate . we pull back to a wider frame as all of they have dinner . CUT to : ext . gate . night . 25 exterior shot of the house at night take from the gate . there be warm , yellow light inside the house . we can hear cicadas . even though it be a symmetrical frame , we get the feel that something be amiss . fade out . ext . mccluskiegunj house - orchard - day . 26 fade in . 27 28 17 . shutu and tani walk down a path off the backyard , line by a series of tree . he have a rope strung around he shoulder while he try to roll a tire ahead of he . tani help he . shutu set the tire down , jump and try to touch the branch of a tree . he can not reach it . the super read Day 2 / Tuesday ( 28th december ) tani where 's the family tree ? shutu it 's ahead . she look around and run towards a tree with a large trunk . some name have be scratch onto the bark . she run around the trunk , read the name aloud . tani anupama , o.p , nandu , bonnie , tani . shutu go towards a low lie branch . he jump and hang from it . bonnie ( 0.c. ) tani ! come for a bath . tani no mamma , not now . CUT to : ext . backyard . day 27 in the backyard , bonnie pick up a tin bucket warming in the sun and go inside through the back door of the kitchen . bonnie I be go in . you come in 5 minute . CUT to : ext . orchard . day . 28 tani where 's you name ? shutu uh ... it 's not there ? shutu be tie a knot around the tyre . tani no. 29 18. suddenly , there be a shriek from inside the house . they turn around to look . CUT to : int . bonnie 's room . day 29 bonnie be terrify and be look at something inside the bathroom from the door . nandu rush into the room . he have half he face cover in shave foam and a brush in he hand . nandu what ? what happen ? bonnie frog ! frog ! there 's a frog inside ! aunty rush into the room . aunty what happen ? what happen ! nandu ( dismissively walk away ) nothing ! it 's just a damn frog . can not expect to come to mccluskiegunj and not find a frog . aunty ( alarm ) manjari ! jaldi aao ! yeh andar kaise aayaa ? manjari walk in and stand there impassively . tani and shutu run in . tani what happen mama ? aunty arrey manjari , khade khade kya dekh rahe ho ? jhadu toh leke aao ! ye andar kaise aaya ? manjari exit to get the broom . shutu take off he slipper and tread carefully into the bathroom in a attempt to chase it away . bonnie oh no ! it 's go behind the commode now . ( yelp ) it 's look straight at I ! tani start jump add to the chaos . 30 19 . tani I see it ! there it be ! I see it ! manjari come back with a broom and go into the bathroom . she make a gesture for shutu to leave . shutu meekly step outside . aunty ( 0.c. ) hum bole the to bada naali ko bandh rakhne ke liye , sabh bathroom mein . kisne khola isko ? voh lakdi ka tukda kaha gaya ? tani oh now it 's go behind the bucket ! Close shot of a large , ugly toad look balefully into camera . CUT to : int . shutux room . afternoon . 30 shutu be sit at a desk by the window of he tiny room . he be wear he moth eat sweater . there be a couple of book in front of he , include a thick mathematics textbook , a collection of essay , a slim volume of poetry . he be draw a frog over and over again in he journal when he take out a fold sheet of paper from it . he stare at it first , then absentmindedly start to doodle on it . we see that it be he mark sheet of he M.Sc. final year that he have fail . his elaborate doodle have engulf he name , shyamal chatterjee , to a point that it be barely legible . suddenly the door open and tani peep in . shutu look at the door while fold the mark sheet away . tani ( make a sad face ) I be bored . tani come in and lie down on he bed . shutu close he journal and look at she seriously . shutu what happen ? tani I do not like it over here . shutu why ? tani there be insect everywhere . there 's no cement . no t.v 20 . shutu no cement ? where 's bonnie di ? tani sleep . shutu Baba ? tani sleep . shutu hmm . tani what be you do ? shutu I be er ... shutu flip he journal open . it be full of random scribbling and drawing . it open on a page where shutu have sketch many frog . shutu ( cont ’d ) I be try to draw the frog , see ? tani get up and come over to the desk , delighted . tani I like this one . she look at a few other drawing . tani ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? she point to a list of word , all start with the letter ' E '. shutu that be my e word . word I like that start with ' E '. tani start read the word aloud as we pull back to see the two of they poring over the notebook together in a quiet corner of the room . tani start read the word aloud , stumbling over the pronunciation . we can hear gentle snore come from one of the bedroom . tani entropy , ersatz , ennui ... CUT to : 21. int . live room . night . 31 uncle , aunty , Brian and bonnie be play bluff at the table . tani have fall asleep on the sofa . vikram , mimi and nandu be drink and chat . uncle dramatically put down he last four card . uncle 4 king ! aunty arrey ! what do you mean 4 king ? bonnie you just put down 4 king ! ma , he 's lie ! he 's lie . aunty I know he 's lie . check that card . bonnie go to check the card . uncle you can not touch that card . that be pass card . challenge karo ! utha ke dekh lo . aunty I challenge you . challenge ! brian aunty do not do it . I be tell you ! aunty turn over the card which turn out to be 4 king . aunty well , at least I do not cheat ! uncle who 's cheating ? I never cheat . aunty chalo you guy carry on . I be go to go to bed now . good night ! bonnie good night ma. aunty get up to go . uncle follow . brian see you at lunch tomorrow , uncle ! uncle yes , yes . good night Dylan ! 32 22. Brian react , mildly amused at uncle . bonnie get up to pick up the sleep tani . see they vikram take he cue to leave . vikram we should also be head out now . mimi arrey it 's only 10:30 ! bonnie do not you guy dare go anywhere , I be just put tani to bed and come back . bonnie exit carry the sleep child . vikram Fine ! give I another drink in that case . mimi gladly get up to make vikram another drink . CUT to : int . bonnie 's bedroom . night 32 as bonnie put tani down on she bed , she wake up . bonnie shh ... go back to sleep . tani mama , do not go . do not leave I . bonnie sit down next to she and stroke she hair . bonnie come on , you be almost 7 year old . Big girl ! tani ( cling to bonnie 's neck ) no , no , I be not big . bonnie but you be so brave at home ! what be you so scared of ? tani ( look at the window ) that window . CUT to : 33 34 23. ext . outside the window . night 33 shutu be out for a cigarette . from he Pov we see bonnie as she walk over to the window to close the curtain . bonnie ( muffle ) see , I be draw the curtain . better ? CUT to : int . live room . night . 34 vikram be in the midst of a anecdote with the other cosily sit around the coffee table , the fire light behind they . mimi have a shawl wrap around and she hair fall loosely over she shoulder . she sit cross-legged on the carpete floor . shutu , also sit on the floor and stare at vikram with wide - eye concentration . vikram I swear , it be a table like this one . it just go off the ground . like so much . ( demonstrate with he hand ) nandu ball ! how do you know someone be not lift it with they knee ? brian even I be there ! no one be lift it for Christ 's sake ! bonnie ( walk into the room , interrupt ) who ? who ? what happen ? mimi so you be say that you neighbor , uncle Harris , be - establish contact with the live world as a wooden table ? vikram well , Mrs. Harris continue to believe that . the other day she ask if I would like to join '' they '' for tea . bonnie be you serious ? she and she dead husband ! everyone laugh . 24 . brian but it 's true . this thing happen ... sometimes spirit inhabit people or object and just never ever leave . shutu why would they come back at all ? vikram ( look at shutu teasingly ) unfinish business , I guess . mimi okay okay ! let 's just start now . nandu , come sit down here . mimi pat the carpet next to she . nandu look at she from he arm chair but do not budge . brian oh no let 's not ! I have to go back and sleep alone . vikram you sleep with you mother tonight . bonnie do we have to make a chart with ABC and all ? brian you can do it through a medium also to ? like in exorcist ? bonnie fuck ... that movie ... vikram ( interrupt ) okay okay ... but who be we call tonight ? nandu ya , because I be not do a planchet for just anyone . bonnie should we call elvis ? nandu be we even sure he 's really dead ? vikram arrey let 's call someone closer home man . 25 . nandu okay , Nehru then ? mimi ya . Nehru really need to have a chat with he daughter ! everyone break into laughter except shutu . shutu look uneasy . vikram okay , so who will be the medium ? everyone look expectantly at each other . vikram look around but he gaze stop at shutu . with he , everyone look at shutu . shutu feel everyone 's gaze upon he . look uncomfortable and laugh nervously . shutu no , no I do not want to take part in all this . brian chal , ok you do not have to be a medium ... bonnie shutuuu ... why ? shutu ( hesitant ) no no it ... I believe it cause they a lot of pain or something . the other laugh . vikram and nandu exchange a look . brian but they be dead ya . how can they feel pain ? shutu ( while get up ) you all carry on I be go , I be quite sleepy . vikram sleepy ... or scared ? shutu no , no . nothing like that ... mimi come on shutu . grow up ! shutu smile and sit back down reluctantly . 26 . brian but wait , do we have to make a chart and all now ? vikram ( clear the table ) no , we will do it like this . let 's all hold hand . everyone sit around the coffee table and hold hand . bonnie okay ! eye close , eye close ! there be some muffle giggle and whisper . vikram shhh ! ( clear he throat , after a few moment ) panditiji , be you here ? everyone break into giggle which be interrupt by a sudden sound . everybody startles and look at the door . the main door be open from outside . maniya walk in with some firewood . he be surprised to find everyone 's gaze on he . nandu oh maniya ... maniya sahab , gate bandh kardein ? nandu chaabi rakh do , hum kar lenge . vikram aur maniya , mombatti leke aao . maniya exit from the back corridor . bonnie mombatti ? vikram if we be do this , let 's do this right . put off the big light and let 's sit around the dining table . nandu hang on ! let 's get we refill before start . nandu , mimi and vikram go to the bar . bonnie and Brian move to the dining table . shutu do not move from the sofa . bonnie ( 0.c ) shutu , come to . pull up that stool . 27 . brian come on guy ! hurry up ! maniya light the candle at the table . vikram be do something at the bar . vikram ( whisper to nandu and mimi ) you guy sit . I be come . nandu and mimi walk towards the dining table , drink in hand . maniya walk in with the candle . vikram come and sit at the table as maniya light the last candle and leave . vikram ( cont 'd ) maniya , woh light off kardo . maniya raise he hand to switch off the light and look over he shoulder . from maniya 's Pov : everyone be settling down , hold hand around the table . they face only visible in the dim candle light as maniya switch off the light . CUT to : 35 ext . backyard . night 35 maniya make he way though a dirt track lead to he hut . the torchlight illuminate the path in flash ; glimpsis of the backyard , a mound of cement and a few brick in a corner , dense forest cover beyond . the sound of cicadas grow gradually as he reach he hut . CUT to : 36 int . maniya 's hut . night . 36 manjari have wear a bright sari and be put flower in she hair . maniya switch off the torch in the hut that be dimly light by a kerosene lamp . manjari sab sueet gele hai ? maniya ( while lock he door ) kaha sutle ... daaru piyat hain . bhoot bulawat hain . CUT to : 37 int . bungalow - dine room . night 37 everyone be seat around the dining table , they grim and serious face illuminate only by candle light . 28 . everyone 's eye be close , hold hand . vikram and nandu be sit beside each other . vikram be anybody here ? silence . a beat later ... vikram ( cont 'd ) any spirit pass by ? brian ( whisper ) ask if any good spirit be pass by ? nandu good spirit do not come so easily . it 's the evil one who be restless , want to communicate . nandu look at shutu , who look spook . a prolong silence . vikram be any spirit , good or evil , pass by ? a longer interval and then a sudden knock sound . everyone open they eye in a start . shutu look alarmed . Brian look accusingly at vikram first and then nandu . brian aye bugger , you make that noise ! nandu raise he hand to show Brian . Brian look around and check under the table . nandu I be not do anything ! vikram give Brian a look . Brian catch on and play along . shutu somebody make that sound right ? vikram the sound do not even come from here . bonnie ya , the sound come from that side . mimi wait , wait . let 's try again . nandu shh ... concentrate now . 29 . vikram do not break the circle , otherwise the spirit can get trap here . ( pause ) everyone close you eye . everyone close they eye again . after a few moment , vikram ( cont 'd ) any spirit pass by ? please communicate with we . a beat . a continuous knock sound . everyone open they eye and look at each other alarmed . nandu ( urgently ) someone 's come . bonnie they be try to communicate ! the knock sound stop . vikram be a spirit present ? there be a single , definite sharp knock . vikram ( cont 'd ) be that a ' yes 's ? another sharp knock . vikram ( cont 'd ) be you a man ? nandu ( look at vikram ) be you a man . vikram okay ya ... be you a man ? a beat and two knock indicate a no . vikram ( cont 'd ) be that a ' no 's ? one sharp knock indicate yes . vikram ( cont 'd ) be you a woman ? a definite knock indicate a yes . 30 . under the table , the camera follow the string from vikram 's little finger till across the hallway , down on the floor , wedge behind a door we see the cigarette tin . on this visual we hear the ongoing conversation with the spirit . vikram ( cont 'd ) do you die of natural cause ? a beat and two knock indicate no . bonnie that 's a no right ? vikram how do you die ? a prolong silence . mimi that 's not a yes or no question ! nandu shhhhh ! vikram okay , okay . be you kill ? the tin be tug twice indicate no . vikram ( cont 'd ) do you kill yourself ? the tin be tug once indicate yes . gasp from the table . there be a uncomfortable silence as bonnie exchange a suspicious look with Brian . vikram ( cont 'd ) have you be watch we ? silence . a definite knock indicate a yes . vikram ( cont 'd ) who in this room will die first ? ( pause ) will it be I ? two knock indicate a no . vikram ( cont 'd ) nandu ? two knock . nandu and vikram exchange a look . vikram ( cont 'd ) Brian ? two knock . 38 38 . 39 40 31 . vikram ( cont 'd ) mimi ? two knock . vikram ( cont 'd ) bonnie ? shutu , who be sit next to bonnie break into a sweat as he realize he be the last one leave . his face be tense . two knock indicate a no . vikram ( cont 'd ) shutu ? a prolong silence . a single knock indicate yes . shutu get up immediately , push he chair back with a loud sound . shutu ( in a strangle voice ) I be go to bed . as shutu exit , bonnie realize it 's a prank as they all start laugh . CUT to : int . bungalow - corridor . night . 38 a visibly disturb shutu leave the room with a urgency and go into he room . he get under the mosquito net and hide under the blanket . int . bonnie 's room . night 38 . a tani be asleep . we track back from she to include the window . there be muffle laughter from out side . CUT to : omitted 39 ext . mccluskiegunj house . night . 40 Brian have pick a couple of stone and be aim at a window . bonnie ( in a panic ) what be you do ?! tani will wake up ! 4l 42 32 . vikram snigger and go ahead . Brian guffaw at he mistake . vikram ( point to another window ) guy , it 's this one here . bonnie shh ... guy stop it now ! Brian listen to bonnie and throw he stone away but vikram throw a stone at shutu 's window and miss . nandu and mimi be a few step ahead . they hear faint sing from afar accompany by a maadol ( native drum ) . mimi wow ! it 's a full moon night . ( pause ) hey , what 's that sound ? nandu arrey maniya and all be awake ! come guy , let 's crash maniya 's party ! nandu and mimi walk ahead with Brian and bonnie follow . vikram take aim at shutu 's window once again . CUT to : int . shutux room . night . 4l shutu watch the strange pattern of shadow on the ceiling . his eye widen with alarm as he hear a sharp sound from he window . he stare ahead , rigid with fear . CUT to : ext . maniya 's hut . night . 42 maniya , manjari and some of they friend be drink mahua . they be dance around a bonfire , with they arm link . nandu and mimi , they cheek flushed from the cold and the alcohol , grin widely and clap along . vikram , Brian and bonnie catch up with nandu and mimi . bonnie ( go up to the circle of dancer ) oh wow ! manjari offer she arm to include bonnie . she join they enthusiastically . they all join the circle , try to learn the song : '' toot gachhe bhoot nache '' and match step . 43 44 45 46 33. some of they be smoking ganja . unnotice by other , mimi and vikram have a intimate moment . maniya pass they mahua with some coarse salt and chilli on a saal leaf . nandu take out he own bottle from deep within he jacket and offer it to they . the dance and chant reach a frenzied pitch . in a wide shot , we see the dark house , the drunken whirling and the quiet forest beyond . CUT to : int . bungalow - live room . night . 43 the fire be out . the sound of a heartbeat gradually increase in intensity . on the mantle piece we see dusty memorabilia like army medal , photograph and a plaque . above that be mount the rifle . a hand enter frame and pluck the rifle off the wall . we follow the hand through the corridor into shutu 's room . one hand hold the rifle , the other lift the mosquito net . the hand pull down the blanket from shutu 's face . it turn shutu 's face towards camera with the barrel of the rifle . shutu 's face loll back in such a way , we realize he be already dead . CUT to : int . bungalow - shutux room . night 44 from outside the mosquito net , we see shutu enter frame as he sit up sweat and panting . the sound of the heartbeat be mix with the chant outside . CUT to : ext . gate . night . 45 shot of the bungalow from the gate . full moon. fade out . int . bungalow - live room . day 46 fade in . nandu dismount the rifle from the wall . he blow away the dust from it . the super read Day 3 / Wednesday ( 29th december ) nandu ( 0.c . ) look at the state of this rifle , Baba . kaise pada hua hain ? 34 . uncle ( 0.c. ) ( interjecting , take the rifle back from nandu ) kahe ka work rifle ? poora jung lag chuka hain . ammunition bhi pata nahi kaha hain . shutu follow the action closely . nandu ( 0.c. ) Main saaf kar deta hoon to ? uncle ( 0.c. ) nahi , nahi . leave it . this thing let I only do . ( keeping the rifle away ) aur kis ke liye use karenge isko ? murgi maarne ke liye ? shutu look up as mimi walk in , wear a tight turtle neck and a pair of fitte bell bottom jeans . mimi pick up a cigarette and look for a lighter . shutu eagerly remove a matchbox from he pocket and light mimi 's cigarette . mimi why ? vikram and he gang go for shikaar quite often . they hunt for wild boar and all . aunty come out of she bedroom , hurriedly put on she watch . aunty everyone ready ? manjari ! E ki shutu , shave korbi to ? ( be not you go to shave ? ) shutu who be still wear he green sweater , smile sheepishly . nandu ( yelling out ) bonnie ! how much longer ? tani run out and bonnie follow , flustered . bonnie some of we believe in have a bath , you know ? nandu even in winter ? CUT to : 47 47 . 48 35 . ext . verandah . day 47 aunty and manjari be in the verandah . bonnie and mimi have walk ahead on the driveway . aunty dekho yeh majdoor log aaj bhi late aaye hain . manjari , kaam late tak chalega toh , tala laga dena kidhar bhi jaao . hum shaam tak a jayenge . manjari be silent . aunty ( cont 'd ) kya hua ? Sir abhi bhi dukh raha hain ? Dawa de du ? manjari shake she head and leave . aunty look exasperatedly at tani who hold she hand and walk down the step . aunty ( cont ’d ) you just never know what this people be think . aunty go up to the car in which nandu and uncle be already seat . nandu come on ma! aunty I be come ! I be go to drive . you sit at the back . nandu but you have not drive in so long , ma. aunty so what ? you never forget how to drive . nandu and uncle exchange a look . ext . mccluskiegunj house . day . 47 . a the car drive off as shutu close the gate behind it . ext . brian 's house - stream . day 48 Brian , vikram , nandu and mimi be horsing around at the stream . vikram and nandu be try to get Brian wet and take off he shirt which happen to rip apart . 36 . mrs . mckenzie ( 0.c ) Kitty ! CUT to : 49 ext . brian 's house . day 49 Mrs. McKenzie , Brian 's widow mother be a lady in she late sixty . she be a bit of a memsahib , who be fussily arrange napkin at the makeshift dining table set up in they front lawn . mrs . mckenzie we will serve the mulligatawny first . I need one more soup spoon please . Kitty be the capable , catholic house help who be hover around Mrs. McKenzie , await instruction . kitty what you want to put the chicken in ? mrs . mckenzie I have put out the doulton casserole . bring it in that . 49 . a ext . lawn . day . 49 . a bonnie walk up to shutu and watch the other over at the stream . bonnie ( shout out ) be not the water too cold ? mimi it 's fun ! come to bonnie ! bonnie ( to shutu ) aashbi ? shutu smile and shake he head . bonnie ( cont 'd ) tani ke dekhish toh . bonnie join the other in the stream . shutu look over at tani , absorb with the puppy . 49 . 50 37 . ext . lawn . day . 49 . B Brian be in the lawn where tani be play with a few puppy in a basket . Mrs. McKenzie , uncle and aunty be sit on white cane chair and chat . there be a bowl of chip , a peel , half eat orange and a few glass of juice in front of they . tani Brian uncle , what be they name ? brian they do not have name . we be give they away . tani you will not keep even one of they ? brian this one have not find a home yet , so I guess he can stay here with we . Brian notice tani 's sympathetic face . brian ( cont 'd ) unless ... you want to keep he ? tani ( break into a shy grin ) can I ? shutu ? shutu ! shutu do not hear she and be still look at the other . CUT to : ext . stream - day 50 bonnie be ankle deep in the water near mimi , contemplate whether she should go in further . vikram arrey come on in bonnie ! bonnie no baba . it 's too cold . earlier we have go in even till here also . ( indicating she hip ) ask he . nandu ya and she swim to chatti nadi . 51 52 38 . mimi ( teeth chatter ) I can not feel my foot anymore ! I be go back now . vikram oh yeah ?! vikram turn to mimi and scoops she up in he arm swiftly . mimi burst into giggle and squeal while she cling to vikram 's neck . they all laugh and nandu and bonnie exchange a look . CUT to : omitted 51 ext . stream - day . 52 nandu and vikram wear they shoe , drying themselves in the sun . they be watch bonnie and mimi walk in the distance . vikram 's gaze be fix on mimi . nandu notice he . nandu Nice view huh ? vikram ya , it 's nice . nandu ( look pointedly at vikram ) so ... when do we get to meet ... the mrs? vikram ( look at nandu sharply ) purnima ? ( look back at the girl ) I will get she along one of this day . nandu question be why do not you get she along today ? mrs mckenzie ( 0.c. ) lunch be ready ! vikram lunch be ready ! I be hungry . 53 39 . vikram smile at nandu . CUT to : ext . lawn - day 53 the food have be laid out on the dining table . bonnie , tani , uncle and aunty be already seat . mrs mckenzie hurry up ! hurry up ! before the soup get cold ! Brian pull up a chair . aunty Brian , you be really go to miss you mom 's cooking over there . think about it . tani please mama ! all my friend have pet . bonnie first you tell I what you want to eat . i’1l give you chicken and rice ? nandu , mimi and shutu be join the other as vikram talk to uncle . mimi umm . pepper chicken , coconut rice ... nandu cutlet ! nandu reach out to pick up a cutlet and sit down next to mimi . shutu be about to sit on the other side of mimi . bonnie shutu just get my shawl to . it 's on that chair . shutu who be about to sit down , go to get the shawl . vikram casually sit down next to mimi . Mrs McKenzie continue to serve other with the help of Kitty . tani ( turn bonnie 's face ) please mama ! i’1l take he to do susu , potty everything . shutu will help I . na shutu ? shutu hand bonnie the shawl and get pull into this conversation . 54 55 40 . shutu ya . I will help you . come on bonnie di . bonnie roll she eye at shutu . bonnie now you do not start . tani but you only keep say I be a only child . bonnie oof ! this girl will not leave I in peace . okay . maybe . we will see . tani consider this a approval and get up . shutu smile look at tani . bonnie ( cont 'd ) arrey I do not say yes ! first come back here and finish you food . CUT to : ext . lawn - day 54 in the foreground , we see a glass of juice knock over on the rug , fly hover around a half eat orange , the page of shutu 's novel flutter in the breeze . in the background , we see the dining table in a blur , tani and the dog run around it with abandon . CUT to : ext . lawn . day . 55 Post lunch , uncle have nodd off in he arm chair . the other be sit around and have desert on the chair . shutu be lie on the rug , read 20,000 leagues under the Sea by Jules verne . mimi notice he book as she take out cream from she handbag . mimi what be you read ? shutu show she the book . shutu I be just read it again . 56 41 . mimi you should have really study literature . you be what , third year now ? shutu ( laugh ) no , no . I just finish my m.sc . I will be apply for a Ph.D. soon . mimi you be toh always first class first to ? be not you plan to go abroad or something ? shutu ya . I will be apply for a scholarship . mimi and if you do not get that ? shutu smile and shrug . mimi ( cont 'd ) ( teasingly ) do that leave you much time for a girlfriend ? shutu laugh sheepishly . mimi ( cont 'd ) come on , a handsome boy like you ! at this point aunty call out to shutu , hold out she desert dish . aunty shutu , get I a second help please . shutu ( to mimi ) I will be right back . CUT to : int . brian 's house . day 56 shutu enter a long , gloomy corridor . the wall have old family photograph hang . as he turn into the kitchen , vikram come out from a inner bathroom into the corridor . a mute flush be hear . vikram hear a sound from the kitchen and go in that direction . he stand at the door of the kitchen and watch shutu take out some desert . with a mischievous glint in he eye , vikram pick up a empty glass from the side board and roll it across the kitchen floor . 57 58 42 . shutu react to the eerie sound with fear . as the glass touch shutu 's foot , he almost trip and drop the desert bowl . vikram laugh loudly as he slap shutu on the back and walk down the corridor into the burnt out exterior . shutu bend down to pick up the break bowl . the camera linger on the glass ; still roll gently on the sloping kitchen floor . CUT to : omitted 57 ext . brian 's house . day 58 tani be sit behind the wheel of nandu 's car , park near the gate . shutu get in the passenger seat . shutu let go home tani . shutu slide down on the seat , almost lie down . tani come on , let 's go Baba ! she blare the horn loudly as she call out to she father from the window . nandu come up to the car with a drink in he hand , amused at tani behind the wheel . he lean in at she window . nandu they be still say bye . ( he open the door ) move in . unless you want to drive we home ? tani giggle at the suggestion as she sidle up to shutu to make space for she father . nandu ( cont ’d ) no ? what about you shutu ? hmm ? its a short distance . shutu brushes off the suggestion with a smile . shutu oh no , I have not have any practice since ... nandu well it 's about time you do ! shutu look unsure . tani climb over to the backseat , very excited . 43 . tani come on shutu ! nandu and shutu get out and cross over to exchange place . nandu hand he the key as they cross . shutu get in the driver 's seat . nandu let 's back it out of the gate . we will take a quick chakker . shutu fiddle with the gear , try all the other gear position before get into reverse . as soon as he start the car and begin to reverse , the engine go off . he nervously start the car again . nandu and tani both look at he apprehensively . nandu look behind to try to direct he . nandu ( cont ’d ) ok , easy now . watch out for that rock . the car move back jerkily with a loud noise of the accelerator be push too hard . nandu ( cont ’d ) stop. stop. relax . start again . adjust the rear view mirror . side view mirror ? Hand brake ? shutu be beginning to sweat . he adjust the mirror . he start the car again but the engine go off . nandu ( cont ’d ) put the gear in neutral shutu ! shutu fumble with the gear . he be about to start again . nandu ( cont 'd ) 10 and 2 . shutu look at he blankly . nandu get more exasperate . nandu ( cont ’d ) Hand position shutu ! 10 and 2 . nandu place shutu 's hand in the correct position . nandu ( cont ’d ) come on come on ! be grateful my dad be not teach you . you know what he do when I make a mistake ? nandu rap shutu on the back of he head , lightly . tani Baba ! 58 . a 59 44 , shutu summon up he last shred of confidence and jerkily reverse the car . nandu quickly take the glass back from the dash board . nandu relax tani , this be how you learn . hey ! nandu look alarmed as the car move unsteadily towards the gate . nandu ( cont ’d ) slow down , slow down ! stay leave , leave ! brake ! brake ! everyone at the lawn react to the crash sound . in a wide shot we see shutu have lose control of the car . the leave tail light break and the car come to a abrupt halt . nandu get out and slam the door in irritation . nandu ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) Jesus shutu ! get out of the car . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj street . day 58 . a nandu drive disdainfully with uncle , aunty and tani in the back seat . tani be hold a basket with the puppy in it . at one point they over take bonnie , mimi and shutu who be walk back home . int . mccluskiegunj house - bonnie 's room . night . 59 tani be sit on the bed like a proud mother with the puppy asleep on she lap . aunty sit behind she , comb she long hair . tani be try hard to stay still so that the puppy do not wake up . mimi be lie on the bed as bonnie tidy up the room . mimi I hope this one have better luck than you previous pet . bonnie ( frown at mimi ) chico be very happy in doggy heaven , thank you ! mimi of course ! along with wolfie , sheeba and what be the name of that tortoise ? bonnie they be keep each other company ! 45 . aunty kalidas ! poor fellow , he must still be wander around this part ! tani follow the conversation suspiciously . tani why ? what happen to kalidas ? bonnie nothing . he just go for a walk and never come back ! mimi ya because we all forget to bring he back ! tani ( deeply disapprove ) you forget to bring he back ? aunty do not worry , he 's alive . tortoise live to be more than a hundred year . maybe he ’1ll come back one day ! mimi come back ? I be sure the adivasis have eat he by now ! tani look horrify . bonnie never mind ! so what be we name this one ?! tani fluffy ! bonnie ( make a face ) fluffy ? mimi and who 's go to look after he once we go back ? bonnie ( shrug with a grin ) shutu . they break into laughter . tani oh mama he 's do susu on I ! 60 61 46 . bonnie this be why I have say not on the bed ! bonnie give the puppy to mimi . bonnie ( cont 'd ) get up . let 's get you change . aunty wait , I 'il organize some bedding . mimi ( french ) who 's go to stay with you now ? I have to go work now . aunty get up . bonnie and tani go into the bathroom . mimi lie down on the bed with the puppy curl up on she chest . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - bonnie 's room - night 60 tani be fast asleep as bonnie toss and turn beside she . the puppy 's whimper be relentless and grow in desperation . at one point , bonnie sit up and look at the pup with exasperation . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night ( boad — shedd } in the dimly light room , shutu sit on a stool and nandu on he arm chair . they be absorb in a game of chess with just a few chessmen remain . nandu sip he drink and observe shutu 's move . nandu hmm ... at least you chess be better than you drive . they hear footstep from the corridor . uncle walk into the live room wear he flannel dress gown and a miner 's helmet with a torch . he go up to a cabinet , open a drawer and look for something . nandu ( cont ’d ) kya hua Baba ? can not sleep ? uncle no , no nothing . I just come to get my ... uncle look vaguely at the shelf as if he can not quite remember . 62 62. 62. 62. 47 . nandu what ? what do you need ? nandu ( cont ’d ) go to sleep Baba . we ’1ll look for it in the morning . uncle shuffles off towards he own room . nandu look back at the board and be just about to make he next move when he hear footstep again . his concentration be break . nandu ( cont 'd ) tch ...! bonnie walk in hold the bedding with the puppy in it . bonnie ( handing over the bedding to shutu ) here . I have have enough ! now you deal with this . bonnie walk away . nandu be clearly annoyed . he go back and complete he move . shutu , stroking the puppy gently , concentrate on the board . the loud sound of a sputtering bike ring through the night . nandu sit up erect on he arm chair and look in that direction . nandu stella ! CUT to : int . mimi 's bedroom . night . 62 mimi be in she room alone , work . she be write something at she desk when she suddenly hear the motorcycle and turn to the window . she see vikram zipping across on the bike . ext . front verandah . night 62 . a the bike pass across the front verandah . ext . side corridor . night 62 . B vikram zip across on he bike . ext . back corridor . night 62 . C the bike pass across the back corridor . 63 48. ext . mccluskiegunj house - gate . night . 63 vikram be circle the garden area , on he motorcycle . he be clearly inebriated . nandu come down the verandah step follow by shutu . nandu ( delighted ) fucker , everyone will wake up . vikram stop the bike at the verandah . vikram ( to nandu ) come on ! let 's take she for a spin ! nandu it 's freezing ! vikram do not be a pussy . stella be nice and warm for you . shutu look at the bike curiously . vikram pull out a hip flask and give it to nandu . nandu fuck off man . vikram take a sip , you will not feel so cold . nandu take a sip and grimace . nandu ahh ! let I get my jacket . nandu go in , pass mimi who have come out wear a jacket . vikram start the engine . vikram ah , see how she purr for I . have you ever ride one ? shutu smile shyly , he reach out to touch the handlebar . vikram flick he hand away . vikram ( cont 'd ) aye , do not touch she . mimi come and sit on the bike and hold vikram . mimi you never minded I touch she . vikram laugh and revs the engine . nandu come back out and raise he eyebrow at the sight of mimi on the bike hold vikram . vikram look a little uncomfortable . 64 64 . 49 , vikram ( in a low voice ) come on mimi , get off . mimi look at vikram but he do not meet she eye . mimi get off . nandu move back . vikram move back as nandu sit in front . nandu ( cont ’d ) shutu lock the door . I have the key . shutu oh. okay dada . as nandu ride the bike out of the driveway . mimi go into the house past shutu as he watch the gate . CUT to : int . live room . night . 64 mimi pour herself a drink at the bar . shutu be clear up the chess piece near a die fire . mimi sit down in a armchair . mimi so who be win ? shutu I ! shutu smile at she and go back to put the piece away . mimi look at shutu moodily for a few moment . mimi you be so pretty , you could be a girl . shutu look at she with a unsure smile . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - shutux room . night 64 . a shutu be unable to sleep while a train rush by in the distance . 65 65 . 65 . 66 50 . ext . mccluskiegunj house . night . 65 exterior shot of the house at night from the gate . a dog howl in the distance . fade out : ext . mccluskiegunj house - gate . day 65 . a in a long shot , maniya enter the gate on he cycle . int . mccluskiegunj house - dine room . day 65 . B maniya keep a few letter on the dining table . ext . mccluskiegunj house - backyard . day 66 fade in . shutu and tani sit inside a old bathtub , read a book . the super read Day 4 / Thursday ( 30th december ) in a corner be maniya 's hut , in front of it , a vegetable patch and some chicken . manjari be fill out the bucket . the clothes on the line , gently flutter in the breeze . the two dog be sleep curl up in the sun . maniya enter the backyard and resume he work . suddenly , the mesh door open and Brian come out from the kitchen explain something with a lot of enthusiasm . he be follow by mimi , vikram , nandu and bonnie who come out with a great deal of energy and bustle . brian but there be so much space ! we 'il just draw two line here .. there be 1 , 2 , 3 ... mimi I be tell you there 's not enough people for kabaddi . brian why ? shutu will also play with we . vikram challo , then we might as well take tani also to play . tani and shutu exchange a look . nandu arrey maniya can also play . maniya , kabhi khela hain kabbadi ? maniya haa khela hain . 51 . nandu challo good . aa jao . manjari tum bhi . maniya lekin ee lakdi ... nandu arrey chodo lakdi yaar . mimi bonnie , you and I can not be in the same team . bonnie ya all bad player can not be on one side . vikram , you and Brian be captain . vikram okay . I choose nandu . brian hang on ! let 's flip a coin . vikram head . nandu flip the coin and its land on head . vikram ( cont 'd ) I choose nandu . brian maniya , mere team mein . vikram mimi , come over here . brian bonnie , you come over here ! vikram look between shutu and manjari , the two player leave , plan he strategy . shutu make a move to get up . tani give he a apprehensive look . shutu wink at she . vikram I choose manjari . the other laugh at vikram 's choice . shutu , realize that he have not be choose by vikram , walk towards Brian . Brian put he arm around shutu . brian come on shutu ... you can play to ? a line be draw and game begin in a fun and playful mood . tani get into the bathtub and pretend to be the referee . 67 67 . 68 69 52 . Brian be the first player to raid vikram 's court . Brian begin chant '' kabaddi-kabaddi '' and move rapidly towards they baulk line . at one point Brian swiftly touch mimi and run toward the mid line . mimi manage to grab he by he shirt , cling on to he neck and hang off he back . Brian walk back into he court seemingly oblivious . brian ( cont 'd ) what ? what ! something on I ? everyone laugh . shutu start play really well . he be cheer on by everyone , particularly by mimi and bonnie . brian ( cont 'd ) well do shut ! bonnie ( rubbing vikram 's slight belly ) ooh vikram , lose you touch huh ! this make shutu a little cocky and he provoke vikram with he tactic . vikram notice this and try to ignore it but when it be he turn to raid Brian 's team he become fiercely competitive . vikram commit a minor foul against shutu but aggressively convince other through sheer volume that he be not in the wrong . the mood of the game become very tense . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - corridor . day 67 aunty come out from she bath and find mail keep on the dining table . she pick up the mail and go through they , walk back . int . mccluskiegunj house - aunty 's room . day 67 . a she sit at she desk and pick up the letter opener to open a letter . she settles down to read . ext . backyard . day 68 it be shutu 's turn to tackle vikram 's team . shutu touch vikram and leap ahead toward the mid line . vikram tackle he with all he force . CUT to : int . aunty 's room . day . 69 aunty be disturb by what she be read . the noise from outside gradually increase , distracting she . CUT to : 70 71 72 53. ext . backyard . day 70 vikram have shutu pin down . in a effort to get away shutu hit vikram 's face . this set vikram off and the tackle get out of hand . the scuffle cause the dog to start bark . tani start cry . shutu split he lip in the midst of this . nandu what be go on ! break it up now ! mimi vikram , stop it ! CUT to : int . aunty 's room . day . 71 aunty walk out with a urgency because of the loud commotion from outside . CUT to : ext . backyard . day 72 Brian try to break up the fight but shutu somehow manage to wriggle out of vikram 's vice like grip , try to kick he in the groin but miss . furious with shutu 's audacity , vikram come back after he in a fit of rage . aunty walk out into the backyard from the mesh door . shutu 's lip bleed profusely and everyone go over to he . mimi be the only one who rush to vikram . aunty what be go on over here ? maniya ! kya ho raha hain yaha ? maniya go back to he work . manjari follow suit give vikram a dirty look . bonnie go to comfort tani and take she inside . aunty ( cont ’d ) ( look accusingly at nandu ) oh God look at how much he 's bleed ! come , come inside . let I have a look . she usher shutu in , glance back at vikram and shake she head disapprovingly . we stay with the group outside . nandu take in the scene and walk back inside , spitting . 73 74 54 . vikram notice this as he breathes heavily , try to get a grip on himself . he dismissively brushes mimi 's hand off . CUT to : int . aunty 's bathroom . day 73 shutu be sit on the commode with the lid on , next to the sink . he be frown and panting with a fix , faraway look . aunty open a cabinet place over the white enamel sink . she take out a bottle of dettol and some cotton as she observe shutu . aunty aaj ke mar 'ri kaaj teke chiti peyechi . I get you mother 's letter today . shutu breathes heavy and do not react . aunty ( cont ’d ) kal ke post office giye , maa ke ekta phone korish . go to the post office and call she tomorrow . shutu ( distractedly ) keno ? why ? aunty bend down to dress the wound , take she time to answer . shutu wince in pain as the dettol sting he . aunty dara , ek minute ... hold still ... CUT to : int . dine table . day 74 nandu , bonnie , mimi , shutu and tani sit at the dining table silently eat they lunch . manjari bring in more rotis and aunty serve it to they . uncle saunter in wear a hat and join they at the table . uncle arrey . Brian aur vikram kaha gaye ? aunty they have to leave . uncle oh. 75 55 . uncle stretch across to take some salad and notice shutu . uncle ( cont 'd ) shutu ! yeh kya hua ? everyone remain silent . shutu look up for a moment but do not respond . tani they be play kabbadi ... aunty you know how it be . boy will be boy ! tani look at she grandmother curiously . everyone eat in uncomfortable silence . CUT to : ext . verandah step . night ( load shedd ) 75 nandu sit on the verandah step , smoking a cigarette . bonnie walk out with a lantern . she sit beside nandu and hold out she hand for the cigarette . nandu ( pass the cigarette ) she 's asleep ? bonnie hmm . ( take a drag ) vikram 's one hot head guy . nandu he 's always be like that . bonnie ya but he need to pick on people he own size you know . not a kid like shutu . nandu please , 23 be hardly a kid ! we get marry at that age . bonnie but the problem be that vikram behave like he 's 23 ! and always get away with it . they smoke in silence as bonnie swat bug away . the light go off inside the house . nandu he do tend to get carry away . 76 56 . bonnie even that day during the planchet , you guy take it too far . it be quite cruel . nandu ( look back at she sharply ) you be also a part of it . bonnie ya , but it be you plan ... you know , he 's such a sensitive boy . nandu roll he eye . bonnie ( cont 'd ) how he 's be wear mesho 's sweater everyday . nandu kid lose they parent when they be 7 ,8,9 ... he 's a full grow man now . bonnie but give he some time ... nandu he need to toughen up now and take care of he mother . nandu get up , stub out the cigarette . nandu ( cont 'd ) trust I . nandu walk off leave bonnie outside , he bang the door as he go in . CUT to : int . bonnie 's room . night 76 bonnie , nandu and tani be asleep . there be a sudden sound . nandu wake up with a frown . he look over at bonnie who be fast asleep . hear the sound again he go towards the bathroom . he find shutu inside , wedge in a corner , stick between a cupboard , a door and the wall . shutu look ahead , scared and disorient . nandu ( whisper ) shutu , what happen ? shutu stare at he blankly . 77 78 78. 57 . nandu ( cont ’d ) it 's okay , come . nandu put he arm around shutu 's shoulder and lead he back to he bed . he tuck the mosquito net back in . nandu go through the bathroom towards he own room when he spot the frog under the sink . he register this with a frown and walk away , carefully shutting the door behind he . a close shot of the frog stare balefully into the camera . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj house . night . 77 exterior shot of the house take from the gate . Firefly hover in the distance . fade out : ext . mccluskiegunj railway station market . day 78 fade in . on music we see the follow visual . shutu ride through the quiet , early morning road of mccluskiegunj on a cycle . tani sit in front of he . the landscape progress from stark to the busier market area near the railway Station . they pass by the market and stop at the Post office around the bend . the super read Day 5 / Friday ( 31st december ) int . mccluskiegunj post office . day 78 . a tani sit on a bench and watch shutu as he talk to the post man at a counter . shutu remove a small phone book and show a number to the post man . shutu yeh number pe phone lagana hain . postman theek hain . baitho . he come to tani and wait with she until the postman call he back . postman ( cont ’d ) bardhaman ka number . aaj jao ! 79 79 . 58. the post man hand shutu the phone . on he face , the phone ring twice and he keep the receiver back down . the post man give he a puzzle look . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - corridor . day . 79 shutu walk through the corridor lead to the kitchen , carry the shopping bag . tani run ahead of he . tani mama , we have come back ! where be you ? bonnie hi baby ! have fun in the market ? tani go to she mother while shutu go on into the kitchen . int . mccluskiegunj house - kitchen . day . 79 . a shutu place the shopping bag down on the counter . aunty ma 'ke phone korli ? call you mother ? shutu connect holo to . phoneta monehoy kharaap . it do not . the phone must be dead . aunty give shutu a suspicious look . aunty kaal ke aar ek baar cheshta korish . try once again tomorrow . bonnie enter . she look into the bag to take the mutton out . bonnie maa , should we start with the mutton ? aunty yes . you know where everything be to ? otherwise ask manjari . I be go in for a bath . ( open the mesh door to the backyard ) manjari paani de do andar . CUT to : 80 81 82 83 59 . ext . backyard . day 80 manjari hang the clothes on the line when she hear aunty call out to she . maniya go to pick up a bucket of water from the under the sun . manjari E sab ja payega kha ? CUT to : omitted 81 ext . front lawns . day 82 shutu and tani be lie on they stomach , on the grass outside . shutu be focus a point of light through a magnify glass on a piece of paper . a couple of ant crawl across it . shutu chase a big ant with the magnify glass , try to focus the point of light on it . tani watch , fascinate . the puppy be play near they . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - kitchen . day . 83 bonnie be fry the spice and onion in a large wok on the stove . mimi be chopping potato at the counter . mimi so who 's this slut vikram have marry ? bonnie roll she eye . mimi ( cont 'd ) be not she much young than he ? bonnie ma be say that she be from some small town . and you know the small town mentality to ... they get they girl marry off really young . mimi what 's she name ? bonnie pratima ? no purnima . mimi khasi ? bonnie I do not know . from that side only . 84 60 . mimi you see the new jeep ? bonnie for they vikram be royalty ! mimi royalty my ass . ( pause ) what time be they come tonight ? bonnie uh. 7 , 7:30 I think . pass the tomato . mimi I have not cut it yet . I be still on the aloo . bonnie why have you cut they so small ? they 's 11l melt in the gravy . mimi but you do not say ! we can always fry it separately and add it in the end . bonnie but then it do not absorb any flavor ! anyway , leave it now . chop the tomato for I fast . mimi ( irately ) Fine . how do you want it ? bonnie well ideally I have like it pureed . mimi well obviously I can not puree it for you now . bonnie just chop it finely . hurry up . CUT to : ext . front lawn . day 84 the paper catch fire and with it so do the grass and the ant on it . shutu and tani watch the ant burn to a crisp curiously . tani and shutu exchange a look . tani it 's dead to ? 85 61 . shutu I guess . tani what do we do ? shutu collect the ant and the burnt debris and pretend to bury it . tani do the sign of a cross . shutu also do it , to humour she . tani arrange a few wild flower on the pile . tani ( cont 'd ) should I say a poem ? shutu sure . tani fold she hand together in a elocution pose and recite a unrelated , pithy poem . tani when I be one , I have just begin . when I be two , I be nearly new . when I be three , I be hardly I . when I be four , I be not much more . when I be five , I be just alive . but now I be six , I be as clever as clever . so I think I will be six now and forever . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night 85 purnima ( 25 ) , vikram 's assamese wife , confidently sing a beautiful bihu song oblivious to she surroundings . she look like a new bride ; wear a mekhla chador , wedding bangle and a thick line of sindoor . she 's unsophisticate , yet sexy . tani sit next to she , watch she adoringly and occasionally touch she chador . bonnie motion tani not to disturb purnima . tani flatly refuse . over purnima 's shoulder , we see nandu , shutu , Mrs McKenzie and uncle who be smoking a cigar . everyone be sit around she , immerse in the song . aunty be pleasantly surprised , she exchange a approve look with bonnie . vikram accompany purnima on a guitar . mimi be size she up , while sip she third drink . purnima finish the song , everyone start to clap . 85 . 86 62. bonnie wow ! we have no idea you sing so well ? mrs mckenzie have you be learn for long love ? aunty ( to vikram ) why have you be hide she all this time ? uncle challo ek aur gaana ho jaye . purnima , come on ! vikram sing that one to ... purnima no thank you ! abh koi aur gao . mimi ya , let 's have a faster song ! a fun one we can dance to ! bonnie sing ' dhite dhite bole 's with other join in . Brian join along on he harmonica . vikram play the drum on a table . nandu pick up tani and dance with she . uncle and aunty try a jive ; vikram and purnima do a twist . shutu sit alone on the sofa , try to look busy with a magazine . mimi pull he up . she dance provocatively and be a little high , trip on she sari twist she ankle . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night . 85 . a vikram put a cassette in the player and press play . int . dine table . moment later . 86 aunty and bonnie arrange the mat and cutlery on the table . manjari bring in a casserole and place it down . in the background , the music continue . aunty manjari , mutton ke liye bada chamach leke aao . bonnie ma should we serve tani here ... bonnie look at aunty who be look at mimi across the room . she look in that direction as well . 87 63. mimi be lean over and talk to vikram , while casually touch he thigh . purnima be next to vikram , but be talk to uncle . mimi giggle , unaware that she pallu have slip off . aunty just look at how she carry on . bonnie ma , she 's just talk ... vikram look uncomfortable and get up . mimi continue to sip she drink alone . aunty yes . with she sari hang off ? no wonder that boy do not marry she . bonnie well , she can not help it if man be attract to she . aunty but you can not deny that she enjoy the attention . mrs mckenzie ( walk up to they ) everything smell so lovely anu . bonnie ( handing she a plate ) please start aunty gwen . guy , dinner be ready ! CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night . 87 the older people and tani be seat at the dining table while nandu , shutu , mimi , vikram and purnima sit on the sofa with they plate . bonnie be serve herself at the table . mrs mckenzie I just love this typical bengali mutton curry ! aunty it 's the potato , they soak up the flavour . bonnie make it , you know ! bonnie thank you ! actually , mimi and I make it together . 64 . mimi ( give a drunken salute ) oh please ! I be just follow order . bonnie give mimi a look . tani leave she half eat food and go and sit on purnima 's lap . purnima be talk to shutu . vikram be sit opposite they . purnima yahan pe kya hua ? vikram look up sharply from he plate . tani you know they be fight ? tani look at vikram . shutu ( laugh awkwardly ) oh yeh ? kuch nahi , kuch nahi . purnima turn he face with she hand to get a better look at the wound . mimi get up to put she plate away . purnima dikhao toh ? tch tch . yeh toh ghaav ho gaya hain . shutu nahi ... woh khelte khelte lag gaya . purnima cold compress lagana chahiye . pata hain , usse bahut help hota hain . vikram cough , uneasy at this exchange . bonnie ( interrupt they ) so pretty you payal be purnima ! sone ke payal bahut kum dekhe hain humne . vikram notice as mimi return and perches herself on the arm of the sofa next to shutu . purnima speak a mix of Hindi and break English . purnima hain to ? vikram ke naani ke the . aaj kal yeh design nahi milte hain . bonnie really ! wow. 65 . purnima ( hindi ) hajoor ke yaha , sone ke payal ka rivaaj hain . tani what be rivaaj ? bonnie oh I do not know that . how interesting . tani mama , what be rivaaj ?? bonnie shh ... grow up be talk . shutu tani , it 's a practice . nandu obviously , gold be so expensive that once only royalty could afford it . shutu even the man use to wear jewelry , earring for example . mimi ( touch shutu 's shoulder ) I think earring will really suit you vikram . nandu yeah . he look like a bandit already . vikram ma get so excited that I be finally get she a bahuri that she 's give away whatever little family jewel be leave also ! mimi well , it seem you be not take very good care of you family jewel , vikram . brian ya ! be not it just yesterday that you be close to lose you manhood , bugger ? ( turn to purnima ) I be sorry ha .. I know we have just meet , but I be say for you sake only . 88 66 . nandu we be just concerned about the royal heir . we do not want the family to go into further decline . mimi what vikram really need be a chastity belt . at least purnima can breathe easy when she 's away . bonnie mimi ! everyone laugh . purnima have not follow the conversation completely but laugh sportingly . brian ya ! plus it ’1ll protect the family jewel ! nandu perfect ! a golden chastity belt for vikram ! mimi hear ! hear ! everyone raise they glass , laugh . bonnie notice as mimi , laugh helplessly , slip off the arm of the sofa and collapse on shutu 's shoulder . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night . 88 bonnie place a beautiful caramel custard on the table and clear away other dish . tani , by now cranky and sleepy , hang on to she mother 's palloo . tani no , you come . you come with I . bonnie uff tani . I be do some work . tani continue whining and be clingy as shutu and purnima come with they empty plate . purnima kaha pe rakhein ? bonnie arrey , ho gaya ? tum not toh kuch khaya hi nahi . yaha par rakh do . 67 . shutu tani , come with I . I will show you something . bonnie go to ! go with shutu . shutu take tani out of the room . vikram , meanwhile , come up to purnima and wipe he wet hand on she chador . purnima arrey , towel nahi mila bathroom mein ? vikram walk away , laugh . mimi notice this resentfully . purnima ( cont 'd ) sure kuch help nahi chahiye ? bonnie no , no do not worry . it 's nothing . sit to . mimi will help I . mimi ? mimi walk over to bonnie . they step outside the room . CUT to : 89 int . mccluskiegunj house - corridor . night . 89 in the corridor , bonnie pull mimi aside and whisper . bonnie just what do you think you be do ? mimi why ? what 's wrong ? bonnie can you be a little more dignify ? mimi Excuse I ? bonnie he 's a marry man now . mimi so tell he . I be not the one who 's marry . bonnie how many drink have you have ? mimi give she look . 90 91 68. bonnie ( cont 'd ) have you have dinner ? mimi I be fine . do not worry about I . mimi make a move to go . they hear nandu . nandu ( 0.c. ) bonnie ! where be you ? mimi use this moment to get away . bonnie follow she . CUT to : int . bonnie 's room . night 90 tani have fall asleep with she doll clutch in one hand . shutu , too , have nodd off beside she but be suddenly wake up by loud cheer and a countdown to midnight . he walk to the door and find everyone hugging and wishing each other happy New Year . aunty see shutu at the corridor . aunty where be you ? happy New Year beta ! int . live room . night . 91 everyone be wishing each other . Mrs. McKenzie hug Brian . mrs mckenzie ( wiping away a tear ) happy New Year dear . God know where you will be next year ... aunty everyone be go away gwen ... only we oldy be leave . ( hugging gwen ) purnima happy New Year uncle ! uncle ( to purnima ) happy New Year bahuri ! yeh badmash pareshan kare toh batana , tight kar denge usko . they all break into auld lang syne . vikram laugh , turn away and have a awkward exchange with mimi . make sure vikram be watch , mimi give shutu a overly intimate embrace . dissolve to : 92 93 94 95 96 69 . int . bonnie 's room . night 92 auld lang syne continue - shot of tani sleep . dissolve to : int . kitchen . night 93 auld lang syne continue - maniya and manjari eat , sit on the floor . manjari share she food with the puppy . dissolve to : int . live room . night . 94 auld lang syne continue - a shot of leave over caramel custard , empty glass . dissolve to : omitted 95 int . live room . night . 96 shutu be alone in the darken room , lock the door . he turn around at a sudden movement . mimi have come and stand behind the sofa . mimi arrey ! Party 's over ? she make she way to the armchair and sit down with a groan and open she hair . shutu can I get you some water ? mimi can you get I another drink instead ? shutu ( laugh ) of course ! you be have rum ? as shutu walk over to the bar , mimi massage she ankle . shutu watch she as he make she drink . mimi do not take the glass , so shutu put it down on the table next to she . mimi I think I may have twisted my ankle . see ? 97 70 . shutu try to hold she ankle gently but hurt she inadvertently . mimi ( cont 'd ) ow ! shutu oh ! sorry , sorry . mimi ( laugh ) it 's okay , shutu ! a awkward silence . shutu you have beautiful foot ! mimi ( make a sad face ) but I do not have any golden payal ! mimi look at he contemplatively as he attempt to rotate she ankle . she take a moment before she make a move to get up . mimi ( cont 'd ) I better go to bed . shutu oh okay . shutu make a move to help she get up . CUT to : int . corridor . night 97 mimi and shutu walk down the corridor . she be a little unsteady on she foot and have she arm around shutu 's shoulder . shutu 's arm be around she waist . he be hold she shoe in he other hand . mimi ( squeal ) you have such cold hand shutu ! shutu I know . I be sorry . they proceed awkwardly , shuffle and giggle as they head to mimi 's room . CUT to : 98 98. 98. 98. 99 100 a 71 . int . mimi 's bedroom . night . 98 shutu look at the bed but choose to sit she down on uncle 's chair instead . as he reach the chair , she deliberately stop and turn to look at he . mimi lock eye with shutu for a moment before push he down on to the chair . shutu sit down , stunne . she lift she sari a little and sit astride he . lower she face to shutu 's , she kiss he and then start open he belt . shutu 's hand grip the arm of the chair tightly , he knuckle whiten . he start breathe heavily as he close he eye and kiss she back . we move behind the chair and see the back of shutu 's head and mimi 's hair cascade down . she grip the back of the chair firmly with one hand . the camera pan down the length of the chair as it start to rock gently . there be a bit of fold newspaper wedge under one of the leg . as the chair start to move faster , the paper slip out . the sound of the wooden leg against the floor become faster and louder . CUT to : omitted 98 . a omitted 98 . B int . corridor . night 98 . C shutu walk across the corridor to he room . there be gentle snore from the other room . int . shutux room . night . 99 shutu reach he room , shut the door behind he and get into bed . the puppy try to jump on to the bed . shutu scoops he up under the blanket . his eye shine brightly as he cuddle the puppy . CUT to : ext . gate . night . 100 exterior shot of the house at night . fade out : 101 102 103 104 72 . int . mimi 's bedroom . day . 101 fade in . there be bright sunlight on mimi 's face as she open she heavily kohl smudge eye . she see the time on the wall clock : 11:45 . the super read Day 6 / Saturday ( 1st JANUARY ) mimi 's hair be dishevel and she be still wear last night 's clothes . she be severely hang over as she sit up disorient , hold she head . she see she sari on the study chair and cringe , suddenly remember everything with a groan . CUT to : int . corridor . day . 102 mimi open she door a crack and peep out apprehensively . she be wear fresh clothes and she face be scrubbed clean of last night 's makeup . her hair be pull back into a sober ponytail . she walk gingerly down the corridor and go to the kitchen . CUT to : int . kitchen . day . 103 mimi pour and drink a whole glass of water . she notice empty breakfast plate in the sink . she walk over to the gas stove , lift the lid off the wok and pick up remnant of egg bhurji to eat . bonnie walk in , notice mimi . bonnie there 's more keep on the counter . mimi oh , okay . bonnie happy New Year ! mimi happy New Year ! CUT to : ext . verandah . day 104 uncle sit on a rock chair , hold a transistor to he ear as he follow a cricket match . tani be sit and coloring on the floor . fluffy be attack the crayon . 73 . nandu ( 0.c . ) okay , 20 across , actress in a best - sell swimsuit poster . 7 letter . shutu ? shutu , with a prominent black eye , be rapidly solving the rubik 's cube with click sound . he stop and look up as mimi walk out with a cup of tea and she book . he have finally change out of the green sweater he have be wear everyday . nandu ( cont ’d ) well . good afternoon mimi! mimi give he a wither look and plant a kiss on uncle 's forehead . mimi happy New Year uncle ! mimi happen to sit down next to shutu on the cane two seater . uncle good morning . happy New Year ! nandu slept well ? mimi not really . nandu really ? it 's only 12 . you want to go sleep some more ? mimi ignore nandu 's remark . mimi meanwhile take out a cigarette from the box lie on the table . the matchbox be a little further away , towards shutu . mimi look at shutu expectantly . shutu look back at mimi ; nervous and uncomprehend . over this visual nandu and uncle 's conversation continue . uncle ( 0.c. ) Sophia loren ! nandu ( 0.c. ) noooo ... that 's too long . 7 letter . aah ! bo derek. mimi ( raising she eyebrow to signal ) Match ? shutu stare at she blankly . mimi be amused . in the background , tani 's eye dart between the two . mimi lean across shutu to pick up the matchbox herself . 105 106 74 . nandu oh shutu you 's 11 know this one ! the high pitch of a loud siren drop as it move past it 's observer . this be the dash effect . shutu who be stare at mimi , turn almost by reflex . shutu doppler . nandu yes ! mimi raise she eyebrow at shutu and smile , impressed . uncle ( 0.c. ) ( cheer loudly ) yes ! out ! CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - back corridor . day 105 shutu anxiously fidget with the rubik 's cube . he notice mimi who walk out to the verandah with she write material and sit . shutu 's gaze follow she . CUT to : ext . backyard . day 106 shutu walk purposefully across the backyard and go towards the motorcycle . he walk the bike across towards the front lawn . tani run towards he . tani shutu ! shutu ! shutu pretend not to hear she . she come up to he . tani ( cont 'd ) ( out of the breath ) shutu ! shutu tani ! tani what be you do ? shutu be silent . tani ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? 107 75 . shutu be still walk quietly as tani prattles on . tani ( cont 'd ) you know how to drive a motor cycle ? shutu ya . I know how to ride a motor cycle . tani but you can not drive a car ! shutu laugh . tani walk along . tani ( cont 'd ) I will sit in the front . you sit behind I because baba say that if I sit behind , I will fall off . shutu I can not ride as well as you baba . I be only practice . when I learn properly then you come with I . tani Baba allow you ? shutu ( stop and turn to she ) tani where 's fluffy go ? tani I do not know . he must be inside . shutu go look for he . bonnie di will get angry if he run off again . tani okay , I 'il go and get he . you wait for I haan ? do not go without I , okay ? shutu ya . tani run off inside while shutu make off hurriedly in the other direction . CUT to : ext . orchard . day 107 mimi use she book to shade she eye from the sun . she be almost asleep . a sudden movement make mimi open she eye . she lift the book a little and squint into the distance . 108 109 76 . with mimi 's brightly paint toenail in the foreground , we see shutu approach , awkwardly walk the bike . mimi look amused . as he come closer , shutu give she a shy smile and look away as he keep walk determinedly . his hair fall over he black eye that have now turn a ugly purple . he try to move it with a jerk of he head . he come up to she and stand there , slightly out of breath . shutu hi. mimi smile at he . shutu ( cont ’d ) want to go for a ride ? mimi only if you let I ride it . CUT to : int . shutux room . day . 108 tani walk into shutu 's room . it be a small room with he thing strewn around . the room be dark , the curtain be draw . shutu 's book , he clothes , a pack of cigarettes , he shave kit be lie messily on the bed . tani rifle through he thing , pick up he shave brush and stroke it thoughtfully on she chin . the puppy squiggle out from the basket and come near tani 's foot . she scoops up the puppy , place the brush back exactly as it be and run back out . CUT to : ext . verandah . day 109 tani come out of the front door and walk into the verandah talk all the while . tani shutu see I find he ! he be under you bed . should we take he also ? tani do not see shutu . she walk down the verandah step , look around for he . she find shutu and mimi walk the motorcycle out of the driveway and look on disbelievingly . tani ( cont 'd ) shutu ! shutu ! wait ... tani run down the driveway , with the puppy in she arm . 110 111 77 . tani ( cont 'd ) ( on the verge of tear ) shutu ! tani set the puppy down . on she face , we hear the motorcycle speed away . a labourer , work on the boundary wall , turn around in the direction of the sound . CUT to : ext . road . day 110 shutu look a little distract as mimi ride the bike . shutu awkwardly hold the seat for support . mimi be enjoy the wind in she hair . they ride through the lonely lane of the gunj . she stop the bike , get off and enter the gate of the mccluskiegunj cemetery . shutu wait , where be you go ? mimi turn around shading she eye from the sun with she hand . mimi ( with a smile ) come ? without wait for a response , mimi go inside . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj cemetery . day . 111 shutu catch up with mimi who have stop at a gravestone . mimi Mrs. gladys McGowan . arrive on 18th July 1897 . depart on 12th August 1958 . she leave even as she have try to live in grace and beauty . shutu ( slightly out of breath ) why be we here ? mimi look at he and smile . shutu ( cont ’d ) I think we could go to the stream up ahead . 78 . mimi we could ... ( distract by something ) be not that curney ? shutu squint into the distance . in a long shot , Mrs. curney be kneel at a grave further away . mimi ( cont 'd ) Mrs. curney ! the woman turn she face to they partially , then get up and walk away . mimi ( cont 'd ) Mrs. curney ? ( turn back ) be she ignore we ? shutu mimi , mimi ... let she be ... ( follow mimi ) be that even she ? mimi approach the grave Mrs. curney be at . she find a light candle , flower arrange in the shape of a heart and something wrap in a paper napkin . mimi Elizabeth curney . bear 1959 - die 1965 . ( gasp ) only 6 year old ! mimi 's eye travel down to the candle . she run she hand over the flower arrangement . lift the napkin , she find a slice of cake and look delighted . mimi ( cont 'd ) want ? shutu ( horrify ) no ! mimi why ? shutu how can you eat it ? it be lie ... there ! mimi she just leave it ! you be always so proper shutu . it 's very boring . 112 79 . shutu but it 's not mean for we ! mimi who be it mean for ? Elizabeth curney ? mimi break off a bit of the cake and force a little into shutu 's mouth . he try to resist but end up eat a bit of it . mimi laugh mischievously . mimi ( cont 'd ) ( walk away ) delicious , be not it ? shutu spit and wipe he mouth . he look further ahead to check if Mrs. curney be still there . shutu what if she come back ? shutu do not get a response . he turn around but can not see mimi . from between a tree and the back of some gravestone , we see shutu as he look around apprehensively . shutu ( cont ’d ) mimi ? ( look around ) mimi ? shutu walk away from the gravestone and look further in the distance . he stand alone for a few chill moment . shutu ( cont ’d ) mimi , we have to return vikram 's bike also . mimi suddenly jump out from behind the tree and pounce on he . mimi ( cover he eye , exorcist voice ) I be the ghost of Elizabeth curney . I suck cock in hell ! shutu jump out of he skin . mimi collapse into giggle . suddenly , shutu pin she against the tree and aggressively start to kiss she . CUT to : omitted 112 113 114 115 116 80 . ext . verandah step . day 113 tani have curl up in the cane chair . she be sulk . manjari pass by with a pile of clothes in she hand - a blur in the background . tani notice the crayon roll around . she frown and sit up . tani fluffy ? CUT to : int . kitchen . day . 114 a long shot of manjari fold clothes in a quiet corner of the kitchen . we follow she as she take the pile of fold laundry from room to room . manjari go to mimi 's room first . the door be ajar , the room be empty . she enter and keep the pile down on the bed . next she come to aunty 's room and find the door leave open . she walk in and find aunty sleep alone , in the same position as we see she last . she leave a few clothes on the dresser and exit . finally , manjari come to bonnie 's room and knock on the door . there 's no response . CUT to : int . bonnie 's room . day 115 nandu be sit on the bed with he eye close . he hear the knock and open he eye in alarm . he hear the knock again and there 's a sound as a hand try to open the door . he freeze . manjari ( 0.c. ) didi kapde ! bonnie who be go down on nandu under a sheet , pop she head out for a moment . bonnie bahar rakhdo . she go back under the sheet . CUT to : int . verandah . day . 116 uncle open the tool box and systematically lay out all its component . 117 118 119 81 . he set down the bottle of linseed oil and on a leather cloth begin to dismantle the rifle . maniya walk up to uncle , hold a rusty , batter drum cover with a few old bullet hole and a thick layer of dust on it . maniya yeh wala ? uncle ( inspecting it ) kya haal bana ke rakha hain iska . saaf karo ! vikram pull up on the jeep . CUT to : int . inside bonnie 's room . day 117 hear vikram 's jeep , nandu get up and buckle he belt . bonnie snuggle under the sheet and curl up for a snooze . nandu burp loudly and go into the bathroom . ext . cemetery . day 118 shutu be blissfully lie on the grass , half asleep . mimi hook she bra strap shut from under she sweater . she frown into the distance to check if anyone have see they . mimi ( brusquely ) hurry up ! let 's get back before it get dark . as they walk away , we tilt down to see that he have write : ' shutu + mimi 's CUT to : ext . road . day 119 in a series of a fast pace shot we see shutu riding the motorcycle , mimi sit behind he . shutu wobble a little on the bike while mimi laugh at he struggle . they look relaxed and happy . this be intercut with tani 's run foot . we hear she call out to fluffy . CUT to : 82. 120 int . bonnie 's room . day 120 bonnie open she eye with a start . she sit up and feel a chill in the air . CUT to : 121 omitted 121 122 int . kitchen . day . 122 manjari be put away dish in the cabinet . bonnie walk in and fill a kettle with water at the sink . bonnie manjari , tani kahan hain ? manjari bahar pilla ke saath khel raha tha . bonnie put the kettle on the stove . bonnie chai bahar bhej dena . vikram bhi aaye huye hai . aur tani ke liye bournvita . CUT to : 123 ext . verandah . day 123 nandu and vikram be with uncle at the verandah . vikram stand next to uncle and observe uncle 's elaborate ritual . vikram smithandweson ka 32 . it 's a snubnose uncle . kal leke aaye ? target practice ke liye . uncle good idea . leke aao . waise uska range 10 meter se zyaada nahi hoga . nandu uska 10 meter range hain aur aapka pata nahi chalege ke bhi nahi . Kar lo target practice . 124 omitted123 continue into 125 . 124 83. 125 ext . verandah . day 125 aunty come up to the verandah after talk to the labourer . aunty vikram beta ! good you be here . yeh majdoor log mujhe pagal kar rahe hain . everyday they come late , if they come at all . vikram they be all like this aunty . i’1l have a word with the thekedar . bonnie come out to the verandah and hold the mesh door open for manjari . bonnie baaki sab ko bulaado . chai thanda ho jayega . manjari set the tea tray down on the table and go inside . everyone pick up a cup of tea . bonnie ( cont 'd ) this be the tea that purnima get last night . such a lovely aroma ... aunty ( notice Brian walk in through the gate ) be not that Brian ? manjari ek aur chai ! bonnie what 's that in he hand ? be not that fluffy ? Brian come up to the verandah step with fluffy in he arm . his own dog , fluffy 's mother , follow at he heel . brian hey ! you guy want to keep this bugger or not ? this fellow keep come back to he mom all the time ... bonnie but I think tani be play with fluffy . she 's not with you ? brian no . I find he in the garden with he mother . manjari come and stand at the door . 84 . manjari ghar pe aur koi nahi hain . bonnie ( get up ) koi nahi hain matlab ? mimi room mein nahi hain ? tani ? bonnie go inside to check . maniya cycle in from the gate . nandu arrey she must be with shutu . uncle abh thand bhi lag rahi hain . aunty maniya ! shutu aur tani ko dekha hain ? maniya nahi . aunty usko jaake puchon kuch dekha hain ki nahi . ( indicating a pass labourer ) CUT to : 125 . pt jext . driveway . day 125 . pt 1 maniya go up to the labourer . maniya yaha se koi gaya tha ? the labourer give a vague look . maniya ( cont 'd ) kisi ko dekha gate se nikalte hue ? labourer ek motorcycle gaya tha . CUT to : 125 . pt 2xt . verandah . day 125 . pt 2 bonnie have come back out . aunty motorcycle pe ? 85 . bonnie motorcycle pe kaun gaya ? tani saath mein thi ? nandu look at he surprised , get up and go to check . vikram mimi have also go with they ? bonnie she 's nowhere to be see either . 125 . a ext . mccluskiegunj house - side . dusk 125 . a we follow nandu to the side of the house . he find the motorcycle be miss . aunty ( 0.c . ) they be here ! 125 . B ext . mccluskiegunj house - driveway . dusk 125 . B nandu run back to see the motorcycle enter the driveway with shutu riding and mimi 's arm around he . they look dishevel and relaxed , till they realize that everyone 's attention be on they . shutu halt the motorcycle a little away from they and mimi get off . nandu where be you guy ? bonnie tani be not with you ? shutu look around and take it all in . shutu ( in a small voice ) no. bonnie you do not take tani with you ? shutu ( scare ) no. mimi what happen ? bonnie ignore mimi. bonnie then where be she ? 86 . nandu do you see she before leave ? where be she ? mimi walk towards the verandah . 125 '' ext . mccluskiegunj house - verandah . dusk 125 '' Brian come out from inside the house . brian listen vikram , she 's not in the house . mimi ( to vikram ) what happen ? where 's tani ? vikram ignore she . mimi ( cont 'd ) you guy check the whole house ? vikram obviously , we have check the whole fuck house . I can not believe shutu and you just go off with my bike . mimi I want to ride the bike , vikram . aunty you could have just inform we if you two want to go out . 125 . dext . mccluskiegunj house - driveway . dusk 125 .d bonnie ( hysterical ) why do not you take she with you ? shutu no ... we , I mean ... I do not want to take she without ask you so ... nandu shutu . where do you see she last ? shutu she ... she be at home . play with fluffy . nandu okay but where ? 125 126 127 E 87 . shutu towards the back . shutu put the bike stand , struggle with it a little . ext . mccluskiegunj house - verandah . dusk 125 .£e aunty ( to uncle ) aap toh yahi the to ? aapne dekha nahi ? uncle give aunty a vague look . nandu maniya , pichein theek se jaakar dekho . Tub ke pass . maniya go off to check the backyard . aunty ( to uncle ) come let 's go inside , it 's get dark now . you can do this tomorrow . uncle start to pack he tool kit and aunty go to help he . as they proceed , the verandah be get dark . the light have be switch on inside . we can hear voice call out for tani . two cup of tea and a glass of bournvita remain untouched . the coloring paper fly away from the edge of the verandah in the background . CUT to : int / ext . mccluskiegunj house . night . 126 shutu look under the bed in he own room . mimi open a cupboard and look inside . Brian search the front lawn with a torch . manjari shine the lantern on the abandon bathtub . maniya look inside the store room . CUT to : int . live room . night 127 bonnie enter from the corridor and frantically search the room before go outside again . uncle sit at the dining table , put he tool kit away while observe the frenzy around he . 128 129 88. uncle iss ghar mein itne logon ke beech mein , ek bachchi gayab ho jaati hain , aur kisi ko pata bhi nahi chalta ! nandu enter the room to change the battery of the torch . bonnie come back in and look behind the cabinet , under the table and in the process almost knock off a vase . CUT to : int . shutux room . night . 128 shutu go to check the bathroom and see the frog . the frog be now closer to the door . on shutu 's face , we hear a sudden loud crash . nandu ( 0.c ) what the hell be you do bonnie ? CUT to : int . live room . night . 129 nandu you be just add to the chaos . sit still in one place . bonnie shit , shit ... I just do not see it ... I ... I do not know how .. bonnie bend down to pick up the break piece of a vase . aunty get up to help . nandu get increasingly frustrated as the torch do not work even with the new battery . aunty it 's okay . let it be . do not worry . just sit down . ( pick up the piece ) if only you have tell I once , I would have keep a eye on she . bonnie but ma , you be sleep yourself ! aunty yes ! because no body tell I the poor girl be go to be leave alone . bonnie I do not understand . after lunch , we come in to lie down ... she go off look for shutu ... ( more ) 130 131 132 89 . bonnie ( cont 'd ) I think he will be with she . he do not even tell I before go ! nandu shutu be a kid , okay ? you can not be count on he to do you job . bonnie my job ? he 's be with she every day and nobody 's ever have a problem with it before ! nandu bonnie , just shut up and let I think ! Brian and vikram come inside and try to break up the fight . brian guy , guy . aunty nandu ! calm down . ( turn to bonnie ) bonnie , nandu 's right you know . shutu 's not be himself lately . he never use to get into fight ... you know he 's fail he final exam ? bonnie look up aghast . bonnie ( whisper ) fail ? aunty he 's be throw out of the hostel , he 's lie to he mother ... bonnie and nandu exchange a look . CUT to : omitted 130 omitted 131 int . corridor . night 132 shutu stand alone in the corridor outside , with he head hang low , listen . 90 . aunty ( 0.c. ) Left she alone in bardhaman and he 's come on this holiday . and now this . tell I , be this responsible behavior ? vikram ( 0.c. ) guy , guy . let 's think clearly . CUT to : 133 int . live room . night . 133 vikram she 's obviously not in the house . let 's not waste anymore time . bonnie we have to tell the police . nandu you can not file a police complaint so soon ? can you Baba ? uncle minimum 24 hour , I think . vikram do not worry ! i’1l talk to shrivastav . he may be able to help we . who see she last ? bonnie ( turn to manjari ) manjari . manjari , kitne baje dekha last ? manjari pata nahi ... ( turn to bonnie ) o , kapde dene ke liye aaya tha to ? uss se pehle . bonnie and nandu exchange a look . nandu ( to vikram ) must be around 4 . just before you come . brian I only come at 4:30 and now it 's almost 6 ! vikram listen she 's a little girl . it 's be under two hour . ( more ) 134 91 . vikram ( cont 'd ) she could not have go beyond a two kilometer radius . you guy search the grounds , I 'il go get ganghju and khushia to ? brian ya . and I nil go check at my place first . Brian put on he jacket and leave . mimi I ' 11l come with you vikram . vikram ignore she and exit from the front door . mimi follow he . nandu pick up he car key . bonnie come up to nandu at the front door . bonnie I be come with you . nandu no . you stay here . bonnie ( crying ) I will just go mad sit here and wait nandu , please ! nandu ( turn around and hold she shoulder ) baby , please stay here with ma Baba . she might come back on she own and she ’1ll want you here . we will find she , okay ? bonnie nod dumbly . she stand at the doorway as everyone leave . nandu ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) shutu , come on . get into the car . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj street . night 134 outside the gate , vikram 's car speed off into the distance . as the tail light disappear , darkness close in once again . CUT to : 135 136 137 92 . ext . ground . night 135 the headlight of nandu 's car light up the misty orchard . the tree get more dense . as the car slow down , nandu and shutu roll down they window and call out for tani . they get out of the car . nandu leave the headlight on , jump on to the hood of the car to get to a better vantage point . he shine the torch on the thick foliage . nandu ( jumping off the car ) you go in that direction , I will take this side . they set off in different direction . the headlight remain on , lighting up the misty landscape . CUT to : ext . ground . night 136 manjari and a couple of other adivasi woman search the grounds , call out to each other in they own language . holding a lantern , manjari stomp she stick on the ground as she search for tani . manjari Main bole khojat rahi , lekin nahi bol rahi . manjari 's friend ka ? manjari raat ke lombad nikle lani . manjari 's friend ek baar fash gelak rahi jaal main se la dubara nahi aawi . they exchange a look . CUT to : ext . brian 's house . night . 137 Brian be at the stream run by he house . he shine the torch onto the rock and run water . his voice echoe eerily over the water as he shout out tani 's name . dog howl as Mrs. McKenzie and Kitty stand at the verandah , bundle up in they night clothes . CUT to : 138 139 93. ext . ground . night 138 shutu follow a dirt track in the wilderness . he 's panting and he nose start to run in the cold . there be a rustling of dry leave and break twig as he make he way through the forest . eerie bird call pierce the night . nandu 's voice waft through the distance : ' taaa - no ! 's there be a sudden movement . shutu go in that direction . he come across a little clear and decide to explore further . he start walk faster but stop as the torch light illuminate tani 's discard belt lie on the forest floor . shutu stare at it in horror and quickly pick it up . he think tani must be nearby . he call out she name repeatedly . in he excitement he trip over a rock and fall into a underground animal trap , let out a shout . in a wide shot , we see the still forest , nobody be around . we hear shutu 's muffle , underground struggle . shutu dada !... dada ! CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house - live room . night . 139 uncle pour brandy into three glass . bonnie pace around the room , she open the front door and hunch up she shoulder to the chilly air . bonnie ( shut the door ) I do not even know if she be wear a sweater . uncle give bonnie a glass . she gulp down in one sip and look at he gratefully . aunty be knitting and mutter a prayer under she breath . uncle sit down on the arm chair and sip he brandy look relatively relaxed . uncle arrey kitna tension lete ho tum log ! relax karo . kalidas wapa nahi aane wala hain . ( mutter , o.c ) ek kachua ke piche itna hangama . bonnie stop pace , look at he incredulously and then at aunty . aunty be acutely embarrassed . aunty o.p ! you have have too much to drink . CUT to : 140 141 142 143 144 145 94 , ext . ground . night 140 shutu be sit still inside the trap . in one hand he have the torch and in the other , tani 's belt . there be a sudden rustling sound . shutu look up and flash the torch . the light catch the eye of a a wild cat , stare down at shutu . shutu look back alert . the cat twitches and walk away . shutu slowly let out he breath . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj house - ground . night 141 dog bark as the moon rise in the forest . suddenly we hear a jeep 's horn blaring jubilantly '' pa-pa-pa- pa ! '' CUT to : ext . ground . night 142 nandu stop in he track as the horn ring through the silence . he look back in the direction of the house where the sound seem to be come from . nandu shutu ! shutu ! CUT to : ext . ground . night 143 maniya react to the blaring horn and head back . CUT to : ext . ground . night 144 nandu get no response from shutu . he jump into the car , lower he window and yell out . nandu maniya ! challo vapas ! CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj ground . night . 145 Inside the trap , shutu 's crouch in a corner . he hear the blaring horn and nandu 's call . shutu dada ! I be here . dada ! 146 147 95 . his voice get drown out by the sound of the horn . helplessly , he realize that he can not be hear as the car drive away . above the ground , we track away from the spot as shutu 's voice become faint . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj house . night . 146 nandu 's car screech to a halt as he park it haphazardly near verandah . he run in , leave the car door open . CUT to : int . mccluskiegunj house . night . 147 nandu find bonnie carry tani in she arm and kissing she repeatedly . tani be wear vikram 's jacket . her dress be tear , she hair be a unruly mess , she have scrape she knee and be bare foot . mimi ( 0.c . ) we be come back from shrivastav 's house and thank god vikram decide to check the back road ... nandu grab tani in he arm and kiss she . nandu thank God you be safe ! you be not to leave the house again ! bonnie let it be now . nandu where do you find she ? vikram I do not know why but I just think we should check the area near siyartoli . it be pretty desert back there . and guess what ? we find bahadur carry tani in he arm . nandu who 's bahadur ? vikram he work for goswami . he be go home after work and find she . 96 . mimi he say he be take she to the doctor 's house . aunty but goswami and all be in Cal . vikram she have wander onto they grounds apparently . Main thing be that we find she . uncle we will talk to goswami . aunty just do that ... tch. bechara , khide peyeche nishchoi ? manjari ! ( turn to manjari ) khana laga do sabh ke liye . Ho jayega to ? aunty be about to turn away . manjari par shutu bhaiya toh nahi aaya . aunty ( irritate ) nahi aaya matlab ? maniya ko bhejo bulaane . CUT to : 147 . aext . mccluskiegunj ground - underground . night . 147 . a shutu , still trap in the pit , hear maniya call out to he . maniya ( 0.c. ) shutu ! shutu bhaiya ! 148 ext . mccluskiegunj ground . night . 148 maniya , flash he torch and make he way through with a stick . shutu ( 0.c. ) ( muffled ) maniya ! maniya ! idhar . maniya look around but can not see anyone . he go in the direction of the sound . maniya kahaan ? 149 150 151 97 . shutu maniya , neeche ! maniya point the torch down , walk slowly until he come upon the hole . he kneel down and see shutu . maniya giggle with surprise . maniya arrey ! aap ko sabh dhoondh rahe hain aur aap yaha gir gaye . vikram bhaiya ko mile gaya baby . shutu stare back at maniya as maniya extend he hand to shutu . maniya ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) challo ! CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj house . night . 149 shutu stand at the verandah , watch the family inside . his clothes be soile , he face muddy and bruise . a few wild burr stick to he jeans and shoe . from shutu 's Pov , we see tani be sit on vikram 's lap with bonnie feed she some hot soup . the rest be around they . int . mccluskiegunj house - bonnie 's room . night 150 shutu stand at the doorway of bonnie 's room . tani be lie in bed with bonnie . there be a thermometer in tani 's mouth and bonnie be put a cold wash cloth on she forehead . they notice he . shutu limp over to the bed and kneel next to tani . he reach out to she but she give he a scornful look . tani no ! you leave I and go . she turn around and bury she face in bonnie 's shoulder . shutu look devastate . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj gate . night 151 exterior shot of the house from the gate . some leave rustle and smoke blow into the air . shutu stub he cigarette and walk away . fade out . 152 153 154 155 155 . a 156 157 98. ext . verandah . day 152 fade in . manjari sweep the verandah . the super read Day 7 / Sunday ( 2nd JANUARY ) CUT to : ext . bonnie 's room . day 153 bonnie wake up , hug tani and go back to sleep . CUT to : ext . mimi 's bedroom . day 154 mimi be fast asleep in she room . CUT to : omitted 155 int . shutux room . day 155 . a shutu 's room be empty . CUT to : int . corridor . day 156 maniya wash the lid of the drum with a spray of water from a hose . shutu watch he from the corridor . shutu be unslept , have big dark circle and he black eye be deeper than before . CUT to : int . aunty 's room . day 157 uncle be search for something among aunty 's thing at the dress table . one drawer be lock . aunty enter with clothes under she arm and be head to the bathroom . aunty abh kya hua ? ( irritate ) uncle kuch time pe nahi milta hain . hamesha mera samaan idhar udhar karti rehti ho . 158 159 99 . aunty ( muttering while walk to the bathroom ) you leave my thing alone . uncle turn to see aunty go into the bathroom . he pick up she key from the bedside table and go to open the lock drawer . among a bunch of roller and other thing , he find a small box of ammunition . CUT to : omitted 158 int . back corridor . day . 159 a close shot of shutu 's morose face . aunty be sit opposite he at the table with she tea in front of she . aunty tui ekhunu ma 'ke phone korli to , to ? tin din hoye gelo kintu chiti peye . mimi walk in , freshly bath , with a damp towel in she hand . she look over at the kitchen table . shutu , who all this while be fidget with crumb , notice mimi from the corner of he eye . mimi awkwardly look away while make she coffee . aunty ( cont ’d ) you should go back home shutu . and better buy you ticket today . first go to the post office and give she a call , then go the station and buy you ticket . dekh kothaye confirm seat paash . shutu look up at aunty slowly , glance at mimi . shutu ( low voice ) kintu taka poysha toh neyi ... but I do not have any money . aunty 's face soften . aunty aami diye debo . Tor chokh to toh roj roj bediye jaache ! ma 'ri heart fail hoye jaabe . bhebhe dekhechish ? shekh to kothai gelo ? 160 161 161a 162 163 100 . aunty pick up the hot compress , touch she tea cup with it and put it to he eye . as aunty tend to he black eye , with he other eye shutu watch mimi silently leave the kitchen . CUT to : ext . mccluskiegunj street . day . 160 shutu wander the road of mccluskiegunj , alone on a cycle . he reach the post office , lose in he own world . CUT to : int . post office . day . 161 shutu be at the counter , listen to he mother as she weep on the phone . his eye be vacant and fix far away . shutus mother ( 0.c. ) ( bengali ) we can easily get you a teach position here in bardhaman . what to do shutu , we really can not afford anything else . we track away from the door . omitted 161a ext . mccluskiegunj railway station . day 162 shutu come up to a small ticket window . shutu Howrah ka next train ? shutu take out he wallet . there be a fade black and white picture of a man with a child smile , tuck inside . ticket vendor ( 0.c. ) Howrah ? chopan se gomoh lijiye . barkhakana mein Howrah ka bogie lagega . CUT to : int . shutux room . day 163 shutu be pack away he meagre belonging into he back pack . he pick up he book strewn over the bed and put they in . from under he book , he find the magnify glass . he look at it for a moment and put it inside he bag . CUT to : 164 165 101 . int . aunty 's room . day 164 aunty sit at a write desk near the window in she room . she have fill thin sheet of air mail paper with delicate , neat handwrite . she fold the letter carefully , blow open the envelope and put the letter in . she put a couple of hundred rupee in as well . as she lick the envelope shut , she hear a sound at the door . aunty ( without look ) manjari ... she turn around and she expression change as she find shutu stand at the door way . aunty ( cont ’d ) ticket peli ? shutu walk up to she , hand she the change . shutu yes . here . aunty ( handing the envelope to shutu ) eta maa ke diye dish . CUT to : int . corridor . day 165 shutu come out of aunty 's room . he walk down the corridor and come across mimi who be come out of the kitchen with a orange . they pass each other awkwardly search for something to say . mimi you be leave ? shutu nod . mimi ( cont 'd ) bardhaman ? shutu but I 'il be come to Cal soon . so i’1ll see you ? mimi look at he for a moment . mimi shutu I ... I think you should be concentrate on you study a little more . 166 167 102 . she turn and head out of the door . shutu take a moment to collect himself as he watch she leave through the mesh door . CUT to : ext . verandah . day 166 uncle spill a little linseed oil as he reach for the cloth . uncle bhenchod ! he notice shutu 's shadowy figure stand behind the mesh door . uncle ( cont 'd ) shutu beta , idhar aao . shutu join uncle outside . uncle ( cont 'd ) Zara isko ponch do . shutu wipe as he watch mimi ahead . uncle ( cont 'd ) abh dikhaenge nandu ko . box leke aana . maniya ! CUT to : ext . front lawns . day / dusk . 167 shutu and uncle be in the front lawn . maniya be hold the drum lid against the tree . uncle aur upar . arrey itna nahi . neechein ! sunai nahi deta kya ? shutu be uninterested . uncle ( cont 'd ) aim kabhi aise havein mein nahi karna chahiye , kya pata civillian ko lag jaaye . box do . shutu look around to notice vikram and Brian enter on the bike from the side of the house . nandu come out of the house and tani run to he . bonnie and mimi join they near the verandah . 103 . uncle ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) pehle isme mag chadhate hain . phir safety catch ko ready position mein laate hain . phir cock karke ... the loud cock sound bring shutu back to the moment . uncle be ready to aim . uncle ( cont 'd ) foresight ko aperture ke beech mein rakh ke , shifth ko target pe milate hain . shutu ( pleadingly ) uncle , ek baar please ... mujhe . let I hold it to . ( pause ) aap fire karein usse pehle . uncle give he a look and go back to the rifle . uncle no , no shutu . not now . shutu I just want to hold it once , just to see how it feel . uncle ( without look at shutu ) you want to hold it haan ? shutu you show I how to hold it uncle . aap nahi dikhayenge toh ... uncle okay . just to hold it . wait . uncle carefully put the safety catch back on . with one arm still hold the rifle , uncle let shutu hold it ; shutu close in . he tighten he grip on the rifle and in one swift movement scamper off to a distance . uncle ( cont 'd ) wapas karo shutu . kya kar rahe ho ? shutu back away unsteadily . uncle ( cont 'd ) nandu ! nandu and the other turn around to see shutu point the rifle at uncle . vikram hurriedly take a few step towards shutu. 104 . nandu shutu ! shutu react to nandu 's voice . his hand shake as he move the rifle ever so slightly . vikram be now in the direct line of fire . nandu ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) bonnie take tani inside ! uncle turn back from vikram to see that the rifle be no longer aim at he . he take a step forward . uncle shutu , do not do this . shutu continue back away until he hit a tree . he panic as vikram be fast approach he . shutu feel cornere , remove the safety lock with tremble finger . uncle freeze . shutu put he finger on the trigger . uncle ( cont 'd ) beta kya kar rahe ho ? bonnie hug tani to shield she from the scene . bonnie ( desperately ) shutu please ! with one arm outstretch to reason with shutu , vikram walk slowly and deliberately towards he . with he other hand vikram reach for he own gun . vikram ( in a steady voice ) shutu put that gun down now . there 's a moment of fevere panic in shutu 's eye as vikram come even closer to he . shutu grip the rifle tighter , aim straight at vikram . vikram , unafraid , continue to approach shutu . vikram ( cont 'd ) you do not need to do this , shutu . shutu 's eye well up . he lower he rifle . the other start to come closer . shutu ( under he breath ) sorry . 168 105 . there be a certain calm in he eye now . suddenly , with lighten speed , he turn the barrel to the base of he chin and fire . vikram freeze in shock as a few drop of blood splatter on he face . we hear bonnie 's anguish cry . uncle rush towards the house . uncle shutu goli kha gaya ! shutu goli kha gaya ! High speed : in the foreground , a eucalyptus tree stand with a fresh stain of blood as the smoke curl into the frame . bonnie collapse with tani on the grass . mimi cover she face with both hand in shock . nandu hold he head in he hand and fall to he knee . Brian 's face be white as a sheet . in a low angle from shutu 's Pov , vikram rush to the tree . Brian help nandu as he stumble and fall . mimi stand roote to the spot in horror . we dissolve to the same shot at dusk as bonnie , nandu , Brian , mimi and vikram slowly disappear from the frame . a police siren be hear in the distance . CUT to : int / ext . mccluskiegunj house . indeterminate hour 168 it be the same frame as in the previous shot , only a little darker . a steady cam rise and languidly weave it 's way into the house , start from the verandah step . the house be dimly light . we catch a glimpse of uncle , vikram and nandu at the dinning table with a police officer who be take note . the rifle lie on the table . we pan from they to the mantle piece where the miss rifle be mark by a dusty outline . as we move to the next room , the light die down . it be night , in they bedroom , uncle sit still while aunty lie awake next to he . as we move further through the door into mimi 's room which be empty , the bed be unmade and she article remain incomplete . move further into the kitchen through the corridor , light change to day . we see manjari work absentmindedly . as we move away , early morning light fill the corridor . aunty stare at she cup of tea , sit still . Day turn to night as we weave through the live room in darkness and see nandu sit at a distance in the verandah , smoking a cigarette . at a crack of dawn , we move into bonnie 's room and see she sit in front of a open suitcase , look blankly ahead . 169 170 170 . a 106 . we leave she as the camera travel through the bathroom as daylight flood in , a close door open into shutu 's room . his backpack have be emptied of he clothes , book and toiletry as they lie strewn on the bed . we stop at he desk where he journal lie open . a few page flutter in the breeze and peek out from one of the page be the envelope address to he mother . mimi be stand at a window of shutu 's room , smoking a cigarette , look out . as the light bleach to white at the window . outside the window , we see tani on the tyre swing . as she move eerily in slow motion , we pan to see scratch into the tree trunk be shutu 's name in childish write . beneath it , in a more adult hand be he date : [ 1956 - 1979 ] . the camera move through the tree till it come to the road adjoin the orchard . nandu 's ambassador whizze past . CUT to : ext . ranchi highway . dusk . 169 we be back to the present , the open sequence . in a series of long shot we see the same ambassador on a lonely stretch of highway . CUT to : ext . ranchi highway . dusk . 170 through the window of the driver 's seat we see nandu in the foreground in profile , drive and smoking . in the background we see a grim Brian sit in the front passenger seat with a hanky to he mouth . through the front windscreen we see shutu wear the same clothes as the last time we see he . he sit in the middle in the backseat , look worried , scared and sad . we move to a extreme close up . int . ranchi highway . night . 170 . a they leave behind mccluskeigunj as we see dense forest close in behind the speed car . CUT to black . the end .