a dry white season rewrite by euzhan palcy May 1987 revise first draft for educational purpose only " in the whole world there be not a single poor devil who be lynched , not one miserable man who be torture in whom I too , I am not murdered and degrade . " aime cesaire pre -title : fade in : ext . dan pienaar secondary school for boy - day Dan pienaar school be a typical johannesburg afrikaan school . the student be mainly from middle - class family . School athletics be in progress . the stu - dent , in they smart school uniform , be cheer enthusiastically a relay race on the immaculately - keep sport ground . gordon ngubene , a 47 - year - old African laborer be work - ing in the school garden . a few foot away be he 15 - year - old son jonathan lean against a wall watch the game . BEN du toit , a 50 - year- old afrikaaner history teacher , be enthusiastically cheer he son johan , a 15 - year - old , who be lead neck - and - neck with another boy in the last leg of the race . the excitement increase as they approach the tape . Ben be beside himself , egging he son with shout . the young teacher , vivier , stand next to Ben , be shouting " come on johan , " and slapping the father on the back . johan breast the tape just ahead of the other boy . the ground be invade by boy run to congratulate johan . Ben hurry towards he happy but exhaust son ; the proud father push he way through the animated boy . as he reach johan he pat he on the back . BEN this be you best race . johan ( excited ) I beat he , papa . BEN ( proudly ) you do son . come on , shower . they walk happily towards the school building in conver - sation , johan be slap on the back by friend . Ben stop to talk to Gordon who jump to he foot . BEN I will be expect you . there be not much to do , only weed the marigold and water the lawn and flower . ( continued ) 2 . continued : gordon we will be there , Mr. ben'sir , Jonathan come to help I . Ben have not see Jonathan . he turn to he . BEN and how 's the algebra ? still give you trouble ? jonathan ( with respect ) just a little , Mr. ben'sir . johan I too . gordon ( straighten himself ) he 's work hard , Mr. ben'sir , and you money will not be waste . Emily and I will always thank you . BEN ( as he leave ) see you both later . Gordon return to he work a little distance further . a group of student be laugh and push each other boisterously . as they near Jonathan , two nudge each other and giggle . then , one of they trip Jonathan . he fall to the ground and jump up aggressively , about to attack the boy . Gordon shout " Jonathan . " the headmaster , mrs . cloete , age 65 year , have observe the incident , but take no action . Jonathan stand panting with rage . he suddenly stride away towards the gate in a rage . gordon ( shouting angrily ) U ya phi ? ( where be you go ? ) Jonathan turn to look at he father and continue to walk off . title . ext . soweto Beer hall - afternoon the beer hall be a large complex with a drink area with long row of low bench . ( continued ) 3. continued : Men sit drink African beer in one-half and one gallon plastic container . the place buzze with noise . several people be tout ware for sale . suddenly a group of about twenty youth walk into the drink area , obviously to cause trouble . the leader start to address the client . leader you child be starve and you be drink . we demand freedom and we father be drunk . we ask you to boycott this beer hall . Revolution and drink do not work together ! a large man with sideburn , obviously drunk , stand up , a stick in he hand . man with sideburn since when do child talk like this to they father ? they need thrashing . the man and several other advance on the boy . the boy run into the serve area , close the door and start break up the place . two police land rover screech to a halt outside . the boy run out through a side en- trance . they be chase by the police who be black . Jonathan and he best friend Wellington , also 15 year , be walk towards the beer hall when the boy come run out chase by the police . it be prudent for they to run down the street . the boy and police be bear down on they . they escape be cut off by the apperance of another police land Rover . two policeman , two black and two white join in the capture . Jonathan , Wellington and about ten of the boy be arrest . as they be hundle into the vehicle , they protest they innocence without success and be drive away . int . soweto police station - charge office - afternoon the charge office be sparcely furnish with a long bench along a wall . there be a reception counter with sgt : Van Zyl in charge . the boy be line up against a wall . the sergeant stand with a tall blond man with a scar on he chin , captain stolz . ( continued ) 4. continued : the sergeant read out a name and look at stolz ; if he nod the boy stand aside . after this ritual , the one that stolz have choose be march to a wait police van and drive away . the other be take to the cell at the police station , this include Jonathan and Wellington . ext . dutch reform church - day the music stop . the door open . the 40 year - old - minister bester come to the door , then stand and greet he parishioner as they file out of the church . amongst they , Ben du toit -- he wife , susan , a clean - cut , immaculate , " toe-the-line " beauty and he son , johan -- the blond , blue -ey , tan and torso fourteen - year - old every father dream of . Susan greet friend and acquaintance , pause to chat ... mostly formality . johan , he eye on a girl he age . she be with she father , Mr. cloete , the headmaster -- she smile at johan from a distance ; he wave awkwardly as she drive off with she parent . suzette he daughter , sophisticated -- groom . she take she baby from the black nanny wait in the car , carry the child to the group chat with CHRIS , she husband . she show it off proudly . Ben be chat , concerned , to a woman . she look draw and worried . mrs . coetzee ( woman ) he will not come to church . he lie in bed all day , listen to he headphone . BEN I wonder why he be not at school . would it help if I come to see he ? he 's always seem a good kid to I . mrs . coetzee oh , would you ? BEN of course . I will phone and we can fix a time . Mrs. coetzee smile she gratitude . susan Ben ! Ben ! she 's wave impatiently at he . he cross back to she . suzette 's baby be howling . ( continued ) 5 . continued : she rock it back and forth , hold it at arm 's length . the baby scream . the nanny come forward -- suzette hand it over . susan Mrs. coetzee . she look worried . BEN she 's have trouble with she boy . he will not come to school . susan so you say you would have a word with he ? BEN yes ! she smile and walk he to the car affectionately . ext . ben' house - barbecue - day the du toit family . Susan be bring out the salad . Chris , she son- in - law , be at the barbecue , sting he eye . Ben be bounce he grandson , little hennie , in a small , portable pool . the black nanny sit in attendance in the shade , a towel at the ready . the good life ... ... suddenly disturb by ... Gordon and Jonathan stand uncertain at the far side of the garden ; Gordon 's hat press flat against he chest , Jonathan defiant . Susan look up -- as do each in turn -- curious at the intrusion ... then the black nanny -- and finally Ben . after a moment , Ben walk up to Gordon . BEN Gordon ! what be you do here ? int . ben' kitchen - day six cut , like six knife gashes , reveal on the blood - stain buttock of Gordon 's son , who stand in painful , truculent embarrassment . Ben be shocked by the severity of the can . gordon that 's not why I be complain , mister Ben , sir . if he do wrong , I would beat he myself . but he do not . ( continued ) 6 . continued : gordon he do nothing and they would not listen . they would not believe he . BEN I be sorry , Gordon . but there must be a reason . gordon he say he be not do anything wrong , mister Ben , sir . and I believe he , I know my son ! it 's a injustice ! BEN what about the court ? do not he state he case ? gordon what do he know about court ? before he know , it be all over . BEN I do not think there be anything we can do about it now . outside , peer through the half - open door , be johan , shocked at what he see . Ben tape Jonathan on the head , he pull up he short painfully , yet fiercely , anxious to cover himself up again . gordon we can get a lawyer to appeal . BEN a lawyer ? that will not heal Jonathan 's buttock . Susan appear at the door . susan Ben ! BEN I will be out in a minute . she nod , ushere johan away from the door back outside . gordon you do not understand , mister Ben , sir . I do not want he to have a police record . ( more ) ( continued ) 7. continued : gordon ( cont 'd ) it will be there for the rest of he life and make it difficult for he to get a job in the future . BEN do not worry , Gordon . I be sure there will be no record , it 's such a minor case . please do not worry . Ben call johan from the outside . BEN johan , get some iodine from the cupboard . johan rush in the house . gordon I be not worried about the wound . they will heal in time , mister Ben , sir . it 's the wound here . ( slap he chest ) I worry about . injustice ... it fester . johan come back with a small bottle of medicine . BEN ( to Gordon ) rub it on the wound and it will help . ext . ben' gate - day Ben watch the black man and he son trudge down the long drive , the father 's arm on the son 's shouldre . at the foot of the drive the nose of a exotic soweto cab can be see wait ... a large butterfly paint on the hood . ext . ben' garden - day Ben take he place at the table . Susan bring a piece of boerwor and a mug of beer . susan trouble ? BEN Jonathan have be cane , by the police . she place the boerwor and the beer before he . ( continued ) 8. continued : susan he probably deserve it . ext . soweto school - soweto uprising - morning School grounds of the Orlando secondary School . student be milling around in high spirit . one group be put finish touch to a banner read : " no to aparhteid education . " there be two other banner be carry around the school yard , follow by the young child . they read : " no to the oppressor 's language " " Bantu education be slave education . " a boy , one of the eldest , age about 18 year call for silence . the student immediately obey . student leader ( boy ) you all know why we be go to march . the crowd shout : student ' no to Bantu education ' ' no to apartheid ' ' freedom now ' ... student leader there must be discipline . we start march from here and we will join up with the other at the main road . please take care of the young one . let 's go . the student start march lead by one of the banner , sing a freedom song . amongst they be Jonathan and Wellington . they be sing - ing . the march turn round one of the street . crossroad several group of student marcher converge to join the march that have already start , include Jonathan 's group . there be several banner condem Bantu education , apartheid , etc . ( continued ) 9 . continued : example : " equal education now " " one man one vote " " free out leader " " no to the afrikaan language " there be chant of slogan as they march : student ' if we learn afrikaan vorster must learn Zulu . ' ' Bantu education ! stink ! stink ! stink ! ' ' equal education ! now ! now ! now ! ' they also start sing a freedom song . further up STREET Three police jeeps block the route of the march . a little distance behind be police troops carrier ( ' hippos ' ) . about six police- dog-handler in camouflage uniform stand across the road wait for the march to approach . as the march get closer the student ' sing increase in volume . the soweto police commandant step forward with a loud - speaker in hand . he confront the lead of the march . he signal for they to stop . the dog be strain at they leash and they handler taunt the lead group . commandant now listen to I , this be a illegal demonstration . I order you to disperse immediately . the student start sing the African national anthem ' nkosi sikelele . ' Children of 8 , 9 , 10 year sing lustily with they fist clench as everyone else . Jonathan and Wellington sing . camouflauged police scramble out of jeeps with gun and tear gas grenade . they stand with the rifle point at the marcher . the sing continue . the commandant confer with a junior officer who hurry to the group of policeman and give they instruction . the one carry tear gas move towards front . the police start don gas mask . ( continued ) 10 . continued : commandant this be the last warning . disperse immediately or I will take action . a voice in the crowd shout " banutu education ... " the crowd shout back " stink , stink , stink . " the commandant give a hand signal . tear gas canister be throw into the crowd , the dog - handler attack . there be panic with student run in all direction , several choke . some of the student start throw stone at the police , hit one in the face ; he be help away by a black policeman . without warning , shoot start . Children drop , wounded ; friend try to help the die and seriously wounded , other help away . some boy appear with dustbin lid as protection and they pelt the police with stone . the police in the ' hippos ' be jump off and pursue student , some shoot . woman grab two of the run child age about 9/10 and hustle they into house . Jonathan and Wellington be run with a group . in the distance the sound of a ambulance siren . a Jeep cut off they escape , they turn back run as shot be fire towards they , a little girl drop , shot in the back . Jonathan shout to Wellington who be ahead of he . jonathan Wellington ! Wellington ! Wellington look back , see Jonathan try to help the little girl . he run back to help . another girl , age about 17 year , be also try to help . two policeman suddenly appear from behind a house , they be about 18 year old . the girl straighten up and confront the two policeman shouting hysterically . girl shoot I ! come on , shoot I ! shoot I ! ( continued ) 11 . continued : she slump to the ground cry . Jonathan , Wellington and the girl be hustle into a crowded van amid punch and kick from the police . the van drive off leave the injure girl on the road , neighbor run to assist the girl . as the van be pass , see a burn car , in the distance a building on fire ; another ambulance siren . CUT to : montage a ) ext . afrikaaner school B ) the scream , the laughter of white kid play at they school , mass in conviviality , johan one . C ) behind , aboard a mower , motor Gordon , in the blue overall of a groundsman , intent in he task . over this white pacifist content , hear ... ... gunshot , scream , terror . D ) ext . soweto - afternoon the carnage , the dead , the wounded . the stunne bewilderment of black and police alike ... even the latter unnerve by they own brutality . end montage . ext . johannesburg suburb - late afternoon soweto train rush through suburb of johannesburg . reverse shot from train . int . soweto train carriage - late afternoon the third - class carriage be crowded with African commuter return to soweto . the passenger represent all the social and economic strata of soweto : laborer , factory worker , domestic servant , clerk secretary , the unemployed , etc . in the carriage , Gordon , return from work , stand . a large middle - age woman be stand in the crowded aisle at one end of the carriage . she suddenly shout : ( continued ) 12 . continued : large woman ( to man in front of she ) careful with you bag . can not you see where it 's touch ? man # 1 ( stand half - way down carriage ) can I see where it 's touch ? large woman Men of today only like look . laughter in the carriage . Gordon be also enjoy the joke . man # 2 ( stand by a door ) it 's the electricity . man in khaki uniform what have electricity to do with it ? a few voice also ask same question . man # 2 today with the electricity they say : ( in a affect voice ) ' darling let 's not switch off the light . ' laughter and voice say " that 's true . " woman # 1 ( stand very near Gordon ) I hope you have electricity with that thick glass of yours . with you eye you could not find anything . more laughter . man # 3 tell we , do you wife also wear thick glass ? man # 2 ( quickly ) you should know , she 's you sister . ( continued ) 13 . continued : there be more laughter . suddenly a man jump on he seat wave he arm -- he 's about 40 year old -- in blue overall . he can not take it any more . man in blue overall quiet ! thulani ! thulani ! the noise go down . man in blue overall they be kill we child and you be make joke ... voice ( o.s. ) they say hundred of child have die and soweto be burn . closeup - gordon and woman talk about the information . smartly -dress man the white people , they will pay , and soon . young woman ' they will pay , they will pay . ' since when have they be kill we , put we in jail , starve we child to death , take we land ? hundred of year . and what have you man do ? only talk , talk , talk . you be not man . sis. ( shit . ) the conversation in the carriage become mute and serious . the train enter soweto , there be smoke hang over sev - eral part of the township , and official building be on fire . suddenly , the passenger be grip by the seriousness of the situation . there be snatch of conversation such as : " that 's the superintendent 's office on fire . " " I hope the child be home . " " we have to dodge bullet tonight . " " vorster must hang for this . " " I hope the world hear about this . " 14 . int . gordon be house - evening silence . a small three - room soweto brick house -- the live room be modestly furnish . emily , Gordon 's 40 - year-old wife , be sit on a narrow iron bedstead against the wall , clutching she youngest 2 - year - old son -- her mind be preoccupy . sitting next to she be a ten-year - old daughter . Gordon be sit on a chair at the table with he second eldest son , Robert -- age 14 year -- stand by the side of the table -- sit on a old easy chair be a soweto resident with he 15 - year - old daughter stand beside he . gordon ( to girl ) be you sure it be Jonathan they take away ? the girl glance at she father . he coax she to talk . girl ( daughter ) yes , baba , with Wellington . int . soweto police station - day Black parent , wait . at the counter with Gordon , a large black man , stanley , a friend -- he big easy smile be work hard on a white policeman , the station sergeant van zyl , about to run out of patience . stanley no , no , I understand , baa , but be that all the name ? there 's no other list somewhere ? sergeant van zyl I be tell you . he 's not in custody . have you try the hospital ? have you try the mortuary ? Gordon suck in he breath audibly . sergeant van zyl I be only suggest the possibility . stanley but , what about John voster Square ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : sergeant van zyl look , I have try to help you . stanley thank you . stanley walk up to a woman . stanley you be here too , sis paulina , who be you look for ? woman they pick up my girl -- 13 - year - old girl ! stanley ( comforting she ) we be all search . the policeman call she -- she hurry to the counter . CUT to : int . baragwanath mortuary - day a white - uniform assistant lead a line of African parent , reek of sadness , into a cool room where metal drawer open from the wall . stanley and julius they black lawyer -- the two man seem to be very well - know , people shake hand with they , salute they -- Gordon and Emily 's sadness be tinged with anger -- they have dignity , defiance , bow with grief as they be . stanley 's large hand be place gently on Emily 's shoulder as they examine the dead face before they . they belong to child , some in tear , dirty clothes , other naked , some mutilate , other whole and seemingly unharme , as if asleep , until the small , neat hole in temple or chest and the small crust of blood be bring to we attention . a woman behind they start to scream . they look around to see she hold onto a drawer , she leg buckle . another woman pull she close to grieve with she . the assistant approach they and after a soft exchange he write a name on a tag and tie it onto the body . the woman can not , will not leave she dead child . her friend have to pull she away . ( continued ) 16 . continued : the crowd part to let they through . other woman reach out to touch she . Gordon look into the last drawer , Jonathan be not there . they make they way out past the other parent and a group of mourn woman sit . ext . mortuary - day Gordon , Emily and they friend cross to stanley 's great white elderly dodge , this " etembalami " with the big butter - fly . for , amongst other thing , he be the owner and driver of a pirate taxi . they get in . stanley pause -- look across at a small red vw beetle park nearby , wait . he shake he head -- the vw flash its light and drive off . int . stanley' taxi - day Inside they sit in silence ... recover from the ordeal . only Emily silently whisper " thank God , thank God . " after a while ... stanley what now ? gordon he be we son ... we must find he . julius I will make more inquiry -- John vorster Square -- the special branch -- but I do not hold out much hope . gordon you be a lawyer , julius ! stanley ( laugh ) a black lawyer ! that boer ... the bastard will kick he around till they lose he . emily what about the baa ? if he ask , they will give he a answer . gordon ( bitterly ) when the boy be flogge he do not help . why should he help he now ? 17 . ext . ben' garden - morning Gordon be at work already -- 8 am -- mow the lawn . he 's intense , unsmile , burden as he go about he task , expertly . sound of BEN and johan laughing come from inside . int . ben' den - morning Ben and johan , in robe , they hair still wet from they shower , have a imaginary box match . johan have Ben on the rope , back he out of the house . ext . ben' garden Ben adjust the sash of he robe and take the offensive towards johan , as he see Gordon . johan hi , Gordon . no response . Ben do a double - take and stop play . BEN ( to johan ) hold it , champ . he cross the yard to Gordon , fluffing he hair dry , johan follow behind . BEN Gordon , you okay ? no response again . Gordon continue to work . Ben and johan exchange puzzle look . johan be not this Jonathan 's day to help you ? BEN how be he , recover ? Gordon stop , switch off the machine , stand not look at Ben . gordon I do not know , mister Ben , sir -- the police take he . BEN again ? johan what for ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : gordon they arrest many . they even deny they have get he . he 's disappear ... BEN disappear ? he 's a child -- why do not you tell I ? Gordon just look at he , sadly , patiently . BEN okay ! I will see what I can find out . Ben walk off with johan as Gordon start the mower . int . ben' study - morning Ben be talk on the phone . BEN we gardener , yes . probably nothing , but he 's worried . int . lawyer' office - day sumptuous lawyer 's office , johannesburg . they be lush - carpete . a black woman cleaner be finish off she early - morning chore , pack up as white staff be be - gin to arrive . they be fresh , shine , attractive -- whipping the cover off typewriter . a young black girl , smart , well - groom , be carry a tray of coffee , desk to desk . follow she as she approach she employer 's open office door . we hear he voice -- see he on the phone in the b.g. lewinson ... and when be this ? he nod , make note . he 's in shirtsleeve . at he post early , ready for action . lewinson ngubene -- Jonathan ngubene . int . lewinson's office - day the coffee girl enter , place a cup on lewinson 's desk , and retreat . ( continued ) 19 . continued : lewinson I will get on to they straight away ... not at all -- I think better this time of morning -- after lunch , man , I be a zombie . ( laugh ) sure -- let you know straight away -- love to , Susan ... cheer ! ( put down phone ; press he intercom ) freda ! open a account ... du toit. Benjamin du toit ... subject ... Jonathan ngubene . montage - search for jonathan a ) typewriter -- chatter out -- on lewinson 's head note paper : to the commissioner of Police Police headquarters John vorster Square dear Sir , on behalf of we client , Gordon ngubene , we be anxious to discover the whereabouts of he son ... B ) int . police hq . ( JOHN vorster square ) - interrogation room Wellington , Jonathan 's friend , be sit alone in fear . through the wall he can hear moaning -- scream . he close he eye tight as if to shut out what he be hearing . C ) police typewriter -- chatter out -- on police headquarters note paper : to lewinson &amp ; partner solicitor dear sir , with reference to you enquiry concern Jonathan ngubene , we suggest you take the matter up directly with the particular officer in charge ... 20 . D ) hospital ( johannesburg ) Young black nurse carry bedding -- corridor -- startle by moan , scream figure of black boy , be hustle on trolley into private ward . Boy be deposit on bed as policeman be post outside . E ) typewriter -- lewinson 's head paper : ... the whereabouts of Jonathan ngubene , age 15 , who be apparently detain by you ... F ) 2 nd police typewriter -- second head : the type key hesitate , tremble , for a considerable number of second , on and on , as if deliberately de - lay or uncertain how to answer . G ) matron confront by Gordon and Emily . she shake she head vigorously , deny all knowledge , show they the door . F ) finally : dear sir , with reference to you enquiry seek the whereabouts of Jonathan ngubene , we be sorry to inform you we have no record of anyone of that name ... I ) hospital - white superintendent facing julius superintendent it 's preposterous . I would have know -- of such a case ... I mean ... in my hospital . you people ! you be always rake up trouble ! j) stanley at the back of police headquarters , John vorster Square . a elderly black cleaner , empty garbage , be be show Jonathan 's photograph . he look -- and nod -- point down as meaning the basement . k ) close on stanley' face end montage . 21 . int . lewinson's office - day he be with a client . he push a button on the intercom . lewinson ... freda -- I say no call ... oh ... right ... put they through . hallo ! yes ! how be you ?... that be correct . he listen -- he face slowly become solemn -- lewinson very well . thank you for finally let we know . he replace the receiver ... look at it for a long second ... before lift he eye to the client . lewinson ( to client ) sorry . he dial a number . int . dan pienaar school - staff room - day tea break for the teacher , Ben among they . he be enjoy - ing a laugh with he colleague -- maybe in afrikaan -- we should hear the language here where we need not com - prehend . a African serve the tea . there 's a knock -- a monitor come in and talk to Ben who follow he outside . int . school - day Ben at the phone . BEN hello , Dan ... no ... it 's all right ... int . lewinson's office - day lewinson I be sorry . they have just officially inform I . the boy be never in detention . he die ... the day of the riot and as nobody come to claim the corpse he be bury a month ago . int . school - day Ben at the phone . ( continued ) 22 . continued : BEN thanks a lot , Dan ... I will tell Gordon . ' bye . Ben hang up and stay there ... think ... until the bell snap he out of he thought . ext . dan pienaar school - playing field - day the play field , not of eton but as good as ... ... cries and whistle rise through the still , warm air from a game of schoolboy rugby be play below we by immaculately - fitte team . on another part of the field Gordon 's lawnmower off to the side -- two figure pace -- slowly -- one white , one black -- a voice overlay all this ... strange ... ironically African . gordon mister Ben , sir . if it be I , all right . and if it be Emily , all right . we be not young . but he 's out child . my time and you time , it 's pass . but the time of we child be come . and now if they kill we child -- if we let they -- what be it that we live for ? BEN ( place a hand on Gordon 's shoulder -- comforting ) what can we do , Gordon ? you or I ... we can not change it . gordon that day , Mr. Ben , sir , when they whipped Jonathan , you also say we can do nothing . but if we have ... if someone hear what we have to say this would not have happen . BEN it 's a terrible thing , Gordon -- God know I be sorry . but you have other child to live for ... I will help they too with they schooling . ( continued ) 23 . continued : gordon ( interrupt ) how do he die , mister Ben , sir ? BEN I tell you , Gordon ... he die on the day of the riot . gordon that 's what they say . but I get to know for certain . how can I have peace ? I must know how my son die and where they bury he . the game on the next pitch finish with a pierce of the whistle . the kid run off past Ben and Gordon . Gordon climb onto the small lawn mower and start the engine . BEN Gordon . the police -- if they have say ... gordon I do not care what they say . he be my child . God be my witness today : I can not stop before I know what happen and where he lie . his body belong to Emily and I . and drive away -- chugge across the field ... leave Ben -- helpless -- behind he -- watch . from he : office window in the school behind -- a worried headmaster watch . we hear he voice over . cloete ( v.o. ) ... this business of Gordon 's son . be careful , Ben . this be not normal time -- one have to make allowance . CUT to : ext . car park the car park . he and Ben be get into they car at the end of the day . ( continued ) 24 . continued : BEN do not worry ! I be no crusader . I have know Gordon a long time , that 's all . cloete I understand -- it 's you Christian duty to you neighbor . BEN something like that -- yes . cloete just do not get too close . teacher must stay out of politics . Love to Susan ! and drive off , leave Ben watch he , shaking he head at the man 's obtuseness . ext . ngubene house - late afternoon Emily be water a tiny vegetable plot in the yard , with a bucket and a pierce tin . Robert be play nearby with the youngest child . Robert see Gordon walk slowly to they house and say playfully to the baby : ROBERT look who 's come ? it 's baba ! Emily turn to look . she immediately realize that some - thing be wrong . she drop the tin and walk a few step toward the gate . Gordon see she and stop . Emily start to break down . emily oh , no ... oh no , Lord . Gordon hurry to embrace she . emily ( sobbing and repeat ) please do not tell I ... Gordon start to lead she to the house . Margaret , Emily 's neighbor , come , hurry , help she , comfort she , escort they to the house . 25 . ext . soweto MAIN road - day stanley and Gordon be drive along soweto main road . a 10 - year - old boy stop the car . int . stanley' car - day boy ( to stanley ) Baba , I hear you be look for Wellington . he 's out , Baba . stanley where be he ? where be he ? boy he 's with some boy at dube 's shop . stanley thank you very much . you have work like a man . ( turn to Gordon ) let 's go . stanley turn the car round and drive off at speed . ext . dube's shop - day Wellington and a few pal be stand outside the shop -- they greet stanley as they see the car -- stanley shout back greeting . stanley take it easy , boy . hey Wellington ! Wellington come to the car . he 's limping , wear sunglass . as he 's approach the car , stanley open the back door for he . he enter and remove the glass . stanley notice a deep scar from the forehead to the cheek . stanley what happen ... do not tell I ... gordon do they do that to you ? ( continued ) 26 . continued : Wellington have a nervous arm-twitch ... and nod to the question . gordon ( anxiously ) I want to know what happen to Jonathan . wellington be not he out yet ? ( pause ) I last see he week ago . stanley Jonathan be dead . gordon I have to know how he die . int . ben' dine room sizette and Chris with the family at dinner . suzette be pass the rand Daily mail newspaper by Chris , fold at a article headline : " what really happened to jonathan ngubene ? " by Melanie bruwer . susan be not that tragic ? Jonathan be such a nice boy . even play with my johan when they be small , God . BEN and he be such a nice boy , well - mannered . susan you say he be very bright at school . Chris help himself to more . suzette look at the paper . suzette well , this kind of journalism do not help the situation . look at she face ? what do she look like ? CHRIS the rand Daily mail always exaggerate . ( continued ) 27 . continued : she pass the paper to Ben . he look at Melanie 's pic - ture : she look 30 year old , long black hair , large dark eye with a fierce , unsettle , uncompromising stare , a small nose and a generous and sensual mouth . BEN look quite attractive to I . Chris and johan laugh . BEN ( he survey the article ; then with a serious tone ) '... be only the latest in score of black youth who have disappear whilst in police custody . ' CHRIS what do she expect ? they be out of control . give then a inch and they take a hundred mile . it 's in they nature . the only language they understand be force . johan Chris , Jonathan be fifteen , like I . would you use force on I ? CHRIS you be not a terrorist . if you be -- like a increase number of they , you would deserve it . look , every time you pick up the newspaper ... BEN ( interrupt ; focus on the paper ) my God , one hundred shot ! they do not have to kill they . susan this bloody bruwer woman report one hundred shot , but the radio say only twenty and the police be attack first . suzette I think the idea be to give they they own area , banstustan . let they live with they own kind . no chance of conflict then . everybody 's happy . ( continued ) 28 . continued : johan and who would do the work ? suzette pardon ? johan the work , who would do it ? susan you for a start . come on ! help I clear this dish . as johan stand , to clear the table . he turn to he father with a smile , and shrug -- a irritate suzette join they . int . gordon' house ( soweto ) - night the small dark room be crowded . the one oil lamp -- on the table -- at the table sit Gordon ... he glass on the end of he nose . Emily be sit by the stove . Robert stand beside she chair , watch , listen . the youngster be sleep in opposite direction on the iron bed . Wellington be sit beside Gordon at the table . there be something wild in he manner . he look everywhere as if he be scared of be attack unawares . the black cleaner from John vorster sq. stand near the table . Gordon be read aloud from a handwritten document . gordon ' on the second day of we detention at John vorster Square we be take to one of the top floor . we be order to undress and they start to beat we with fist and sjambok . this for a long time . ' Wellington nod and get more paranoid . the black cleaner put a understanding hand on he shoulder . gordon ' on one day I and Jonathan ... ' Gordon pause ... steady himself ... push he glass up he nose ... clear he throat ... ( continued ) 29 . continued : gordon '... we be ask question for the whole day and night by capt . stolz and different policeman -- they never stop . they try to force we to say we be the leader at we school , that we be work for the a.n.c. and get money from overseas . capt. stolz want to know the name of the student committee and where he can find Toni mtimkulu -- everytime they ask question , they beat we . it be bad beat . ' Wellington nod again . Emily close she eye to shut out the image . gordon ' we tell they we have do nothing and do not know about all the thing they be ask we ; on two occasion they put a wet bag over my head and I -- could not breathe -- I think I be go to die . one day I hear Jonathan be beat . he be scream and cry , and then a noise like table and chair be knock down , and capt . stolz shouting " you bastard , get up , do you hear I ? " ngubene , do not pretend here , get up . " then the next day I hear he have go to hospital and I never see he again . ' there 's a long silence . Gordon close he eye and struggle with he grief . Emily sob , Robert look on in anger . then , finally , Gordon offer a pen to Wellington , who be about to sign the foot of the state - ment , when ... ... suddenly there be the sound of a truck approaching . Wellington rush to the front window and peer outside ; then panic , fear in he eye , he run into a bedroom and jump through the window . everyone in the room be bewilder . the front door burst open . Emily sit impassively look - ing at the five policeman ( two white and three african ) . the youngest child startle from he sleep start to cry . Emily go to the bed and pick the child up and return to she chair . ( continued ) 30 . continued : lieutenant venter stay right where you be . he notice the papers on the table and pick they up . he look at they and realize they importance . capt . stolz walk into the room and survey the room and its occupant . Lieutenant venter hand he the papers . he go through they , nodd to himself as he read silently . he fold they neatly and put they into he inside jacket pocket . he walk up to Gordon . stolz ( to Gordon ) on you foot ! so , you must be Gordon ngubene ? Gordon do not answer . he turn to the cleaner who automatically stand . stolz we know each other , do not we ? calmly , he pace round the room look around , then when he reach the bed where the 10 - year - old girl be watch - ing terrify , he pull off the blanket , yank the girl off the bed by she arm and frantically search the bed . the child cry . Robert the brother go to he sister and hug she as he glare at stolz with anger and hatred . stolz ( turn to venter ) gert , in daardie kammer . ( gert , that room ) ( turn to the other one ) jaimie , in die ander . ( Jamie , the other room ) lieutenant venter nik , kaptein . ( nothing , Captain ) stolz take the bastard away . the other policeman appear from the other bedroom empty - hand . Gordon and the cleaner be roughly handle as they be handcuff by the African Security Police . over he shoulder Gordon manage to give Emily one last look , as he 's hustle out of the house . ( continued ) 31 . continued : Emily sit motionless , anger in she face . she can hear the sound of the car drive away . Margaret ( she neighbor ) appear at the door . int . ben' study - night behind Ben 's house , be the servant ' quarter attach to the garage . Ben have adapt what would have be a may 's room into he study and the adjoin room into a do - it - yourself workshop . the study have photograph of Ben 's past as a provincial rugby player , of he family , school staff and trechikoff reproduction . on a cupboard be trophy of individual sport at university . he work off a plain desk on which be a handsome pipe - rack with several pipe . his indulgence be a comfortable easy chair . Ben 's study , contain only the figure of Ben . he 's hunch over he desk , look blankly at the newspaper . his shirt be unbuttone , he jacket sling across he chair . he draw heavily on he pipe , wreathing he head with smoke in the beam of the single desk light . he sit in he chair : Gordon 's voice rise in he thought . gordon ( v.o. ) that day , mister Ben , sir , when they whipped Jonathan , you also say we can do nothing . God as my witness today : I must know what happen and where he lie . his body belong to Emily and I . he mutter -- more a prayer than a curse . BEN jeezus -- jeezus -- jeezus Christ . johan good night , papa ! ( continued ) 32 . continued : johan be enter , knock on the half - open door . he 's in he pajamas and dress gown , ready for bed . Ben look up at he . johan kiss he father who suddenly clasp he son hard , cling to he for dear life . the boy throw he arm around he dad 's neck . johan oh , papa ! Susan appear at the door with a cup of coffee . she 's have a bath -- she hair be wet -- and she 's in she housecoat . Ben and johan do not notice she approach . she watch sympathetically for a moment , then ... susan coffee ! come on , johan . time for bed . johan pull back from he father 's arm . BEN yes , son . go and get some sleep . the boy nod and leave . as Susan rest the cup of coffee on the desk before Ben . she notice the rand Daily mail . susan I be proud of you , Ben ... what you have do for that family . but darling , you should not take this thing to heart so much . what more can you do about it ? BEN I do not know . I be just tired , I suppose . susan ( stroking he hair gently ) come , come to bed . her housecoat have fall open . he lift he face to hers and kiss she . BEN I will , in a minute . I will just put the thought of standar six away . they must not be lose to posterity . ( continued ) 33. continued : she chuckle , satisfied , leave he . he pick up he cup and drink . he think again for a moment . then he remove a photocopy letter from a envelope and read : office voice ( v.o. ) '... seek the whereabouts of a certain Jonathan ngubene , regret to inform you we have no record of anyone of that name ... ' int . classroom - day afrikaan boy in uniform hunching over they desk write ... on the blackboard : the date and history test : what year do the first white man arrive in South Africa ? when be the Battle of blood River ? who be the Zulu chief who be defeat at the battle of isanadlawana ? who be the president of the first afrikander Republic ? give the route of the voortrekker from the cape ? Ben walk through the aisle and from time to time oppor - tunity to glance at the window at Gordon 's motionless tractor sit in the field . he turn back and notice a boy focus on the ceiling . his pen in he mouth , try desperately to find the answer . Ben have a smile , then cross to he , bend down and strike a similar pose . the class break up into laughter . BEN ( slapping the student 's back ) all right , time up ! Hand in you test . moan from the student . ext . dan pienaar school - veranda - day Ben appear on the other side of the veranda . he be in cloete 's company -- the little big man ... grey hair ... 65 year old . the headmaster . they stop in before Ben 's colleague , vivier , pass , shake hand with he . a woman arrive and wait . cloete say something to Ben , then laugh . ( continued ) 34 . continued : Ben smile and cloete go into the office . the woman approach Ben ... talk to he ... they both turn back to see ... ... Emily stand there , a soaking headscarf tie native - style around she head . Ben thanks the woman and cross the yard . BEN what 's happen , Emily ? emily ( calmly ) I be sorry , baa ... but it 's Gordon . ext . dan pienaar school - day ... stanley be wait in he car . his sunglass on he nose ... ... the school bell ring to give the end of the tea inter - val . Ben walk out with Emily to stanley 's car . stanley get out , they stare at each other . finally stanley break the silence . stanley ( put out he hand ) how 's it ? I be stanley ! I hear about you ! Ben feel a little uncomfortable . emily this be stanley makhaya ... he help we all the time . stanley open the door to Emily . BEN do not worry too much , Emily , I be sure Gordon will be home in a few day . stanley slap the door with a big laugh . he get into the car and drive away . close on BEN perplex . 35 . int . interrogation room - JOHN vorster square - day Gordon stand face the wall , he arm raise . he have wetted he trousers . Captain stolz be pace behind he . Lieutenant venter , sit on the edge of the desk , be smoking . stolz come on , kaffir , talk ! gordon please , I have do nothing . all I try to do be to find ... stolz interrupt he with a blow to he face . as Gordon drop he hand , the officer shout to he . lieutenant venter up with that bloody arm ! stolz we do not like gramophone record here ! now who have be give you information ? Gordon do not answer . the Lieutenant walk slowly to he , calmly remove he fag -end of cigarette from he lip and stub it on Gordon 's neck . lieutenant venter ( very calmly ) why do not you answer the Captain , han ? he walk back to he place . Captain stolz open the door and shout : stolz johanne ! the bag ! Gordon have a look of terror . immediately a black security policeman walk in with a bag . stolz all right . johanne go to wet the bag in a bucket in a corner . Lieutenant venter grab Gordon , throw he onto a chair and handcuffs he hand behind the chair . ( continued ) 36 . continued : stolz be supervise . the Lieutenant place the wet bag over Gordon 's head and tie it . Gordon start groan and wriggle . CUT to : int . police headquarters ( JOHN vorster square ) - day under the gaze of a uniform policeman in a bulletproof glass cage , Ben fill in a slip , then hand it to the policeman , who then make a phone call . whilst wait , Ben notice a video surveillance camera . just then , a 20 - year - old African girl , afro-style hair , be bring in hold on both side by two white policeman . she be take into a lift . Ben watch they enter the lift and follow the progress of lift to the 10th floor . the policeman stamp the slip and give it to Ben . policeman somebody will meet you on second floor . Ben enter a lift . int . interrogation room ( JOHN vorster square ) - day Gordon 's still sit on the chair , slump -- johanne remove the handcuffs as the Lieutenant remove the wet bag . Gordon be breathe heavily and semi-conscious . suddenly Captain stolz punch he heavily on the face . Gordon drop on the floor with blood gush from he nose and mouth . Captain stolz grab he by he collar . stolz ( hysterically ) come on you bloody black bastard . who have be tell you lie ? the phone ring . stolz drop Gordon and walk to answer . stolz ( calmly ) I will be down immediately , Colonel . CUT to : 37 . int . viljoen' office - day behind the large desk , Colonel viljeon replace the tele - phone receiver ; there be a knock on the door -- and a young policeman usher in ben. Colonel viljoen stand and ex - tend a hand . viljoen come in , Mr. du toit , come in . how do you do ? they shake . he 's a large , friendly man , ruddy face , gray crew cut . BEN Nice to meet you , Colonel viljoen . viljoen I use to watch you play for the transvaal . you be one of the great wing forward . BEN ( grin ) Long time ago . there 's a knock on the door . viljoen come in . the door open revealing Captain stolz . viljoen Captain stolz , Mr. du toit . Captain stolz nod correctly , unsmile , comfortably dress , English -style . he shake hand with Ben . then walk toward the window and stand there . as he 's watch Ben , he begin to clean out he pipe with a silver penknife ; viljoen ( to Ben ) do sit down . Ben sink into a low leather chair before the desk . be - hind he he can feel stolz 's eye . viljoen peer through he half - moon at the letter in front of he . the pipe scraping continue behind Ben 's ear . viljoen all right now , Gordon ngubene . ( continued ) 38 . continued : BEN well ... to put it simply , Colonel ... viljoen ( smile ) I be always grateful for that . BEN I think there might have be some kind of misunderstanding I could help straighten out . viljoen like what ? BEN I know he , Colonel . he work at my school . he 's do work for I too . viljoen and you feel you know he enough to vouch for he . BEN yes , after so many year ... 10 year . Gordon 's not the type to get himself in trouble . he 's a honest , hard - work , church - go man . viljoen ha ! you would be surprised how many honest , decent , church - go man we come across during a work day . he lean back comfortably in he chair . viljoen it 's routine , Mr. du toit -- a routine enquiry . Cleaning up this township we must leave no stone unturned . BEN I appreciate that -- but Gordon would never ... viljoen ( interrupt ) not a easy task either -- the press scream blue murder -- especially the English . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . continued : viljoen ( cont 'd ) and they will be the first to squeal if the reds take over , make no mistake . rushing back overseas clutching they bloody british passport . have you any idea what will happen here if we do not follow every lead ? we have a duty -- obligation . you have you job -- we have ours . Ben hasten to reassure he . he look directly at Ben , frank , open , trustworthy . BEN Colonel -- believe I , I be with you all the way . but in this case -- I be sure that in you worthy pursuit of the guilty you have , unwittingly , involved the innocent . after all , we be all human . we all make mistake sometimes . viljoen laugh again . viljoen we be indeed , Mr. du toit -- we be indeed . though there 's many who might need persuade as to that fact . then ... authority . viljoen Mr. du toit . while you be here , would you mind if I ask you a few question about ngubene ? BEN ( genuinely ) Colonel , I would welcome it . viljoen good ! there 's another pause . the Colonel take out a fountain pen -- unscrew it -- and arrange a sheet before he before speak . viljoen shall we start with he son ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : BEN Jonathan . viljoen the eldest . BEN yes . he die some time ago . viljoen do not react . viljoen what do you know about Gordon 's activity since Jonathan 's death ? the noise stop behind . BEN nothing , Colonel . viljoen do Gordon ever discuss the death with you ? BEN of course he do -- he be upset . the Colonel pause . viljoen but he accept the truth ? BEN he be a religious man ... in the end he would have resign himself to it . viljoen would have ? you mean he do not ? be he angry ? rebellious ? BEN come on , Colonel ! if one of you kid die ... ( nod to family picture on desk ) ... and nobody would tell you how it happen or where he body be bury , would not you be upset ? stolz we tell he how he son die , Mr. du toit. ( continued ) 41 . continued : Ben turn back , surprised . viljoen you have a son , Mr. du toit ? the Colonel look up at he ... the first sign of steel in he eye ... then back to the papers . the noise start again behind Ben . viljoen do he burn and destroy -- everything he can lay he hand on ?... no -- and neither do mine . that 's what I can not understand ... after everything the government do for they . ( look straight at Ben ) think about it , Mr. du toit . we be for you , not against you . BEN ( irritably ) I have never doubted it , Colonel . it 's you who appear to be doubting I . this question . you be make I feel like a criminal . there 's a moment 's pause -- then a burst of laughter . viljoen I be sorry , Mr. du toit ... I be sorry . it 's force of habit . once a policeman , always a policeman , eh ? more laughter -- Ben join in . viljoen stand , signal a end to the meeting . ext . ben' car - day johan be sit , wait , in the park car ... the radio on . he 's bored . int . colonel' office viljoen ... as soon as we be satisfied he 's innocent , he will be release . we know what we be do , Mr. du toit . you want you wife and that boy of yours to sleep safe tonight , do not you ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : Ben nod , smile , make for the door , turn . BEN one last favor , Colonel ? viljoen Fire away ! BEN Gordon 's wife -- she 's very worried . May she bring he some food and a change of clothes while he 's still here ? viljoen no problem ! thank you for you help ... BEN thank you . I will rely on you , then . viljoen will you find you way out ? BEN I think so . and thanks . I feel much happier now . viljoen good ! and give my regards to you father - in- law -- tell he we will have a drink sometime -- maybe go to a game . BEN I will . Goodbye . and the door shut behind he . there 's silence for a moment ... viljoen stare at the close door -- stolz look expectantly at he . viljoen ( point up ) be the little bird sing yet ? stolz I be work on it . viljoen good . stolz leave , shutting the door behind he . CUT to : 43. ext . jon vorster square Ben open he car . johan be sit in the front seat . as Ben get into the car , he glance at the John vorster Square building . int . ben' car - day Ben be motor through and out of johannesburg . johan be silent beside he , impatient . BEN I talk to they . Gordon will be release soon . the colonel be very understanding . johan do you see Gordon ? Ben suddenly realize that he do not ask to see Gordon . BEN ( embarrassed ) no. johan do they say anything about Jonathan ? BEN no , but ... johan , he be dead . we can not do anything for he . do not mention this visit to you mother . okay ? int . du toit kitchen - night suzette and Susan in the kitchen arrange the dessert tray . the kitchen be surprisingly neat . laughter be come from the dining room . suzette what extra-mural interest ? susan Champion of political detainee ! Ben come in to open extra bottle of wine , hear Susan 's line . suzette ( laugh , turn to Ben ) be that right , papa ? ( continued ) 44 . continued : BEN that 's right , suzette . but , only one detainee : ' Gordon ! ' suzette we Gordon ? BEN that 's right . suzette ( disbely ) my God . what on earth for ? Susan leave the kitchen without a word , with the dessert plate on the tray to the dining room . int . du toit house - dine room - night Susan reach vivier and the minister dominee bester , with they dessert plate . the candle have burn down amid the detritus of dinner : glass disarranged and dirty , the cloth spot with food and wine and ash . in addition to vivier , dateless , and bester and he wife , the school 's headmaster , cloete and he wife . int . du toit house - kitchen - night Ben hastily uncork a bottle of wine while talk to suzette . suzette it must be a mistake , papa . BEN of course it be . I go down there , tell they . they be look into it . suzette go down where ? BEN John vorster Square . suzette giggle , amaze . suzette you old devil you . do ma know ? BEN no . and you be not go to tell she . ( continued ) 45 . continued : a pause . she look at he . suzette be careful . I do not want my favorite papa in trouble , Gordon or no Gordon . she ruffle he hair , smile , kiss he . they go back into the dining room . int . dine room - night BEN more wine ? vivier ? vivier not for I , oom Ben . I be drunk enough . BEN Mrs. cloete ? mrs. cloete please ! Ben serve she . Susan pass to fetch milk jug and sugar basin from the chine cupboard . mrs. cloete ( to Mrs. bester ) oh , I see that sheet you like , Sally , on sale at Bloom 's . mrs . bester will you be free on Wednesday afternoon ? I have one or two other thing to buy . int . kitchen - night Susan enter the kitchen . as she be about to place the jug and basin on the table next to the tray with cup of the same set , there be a knock at the door . susan ( turn to the door ) come in . the door open and stanley step in . ( continued ) 46 . continued : susan ( surprised ) who be you ? what do you want ? CUT to : int . dine room - night Ben and guest hear Susan . Ben jump up , hurry to the door . vivier start to follow . int . kitchen - night Ben stop at the door , see stanley , turn to vivier . BEN it 's all right . vivier return to he seat as Ben shut the door behind he . BEN oh , it 's you ... hum ... stanley , be not it ? ( to Susan ) that 's all right , darling . Ben lead stanley out of the kitchen , close the door behind he . close on susan intrigue . int . lewinson be home - night lewinson be at the phone , behind he he wife , too , be entertaining guest for dinner . lewinson a Friday night , man ! I be no doctor , I be not on standby all the bloody time . can not they wait ' till Monday ? int . ben' study - night BEN Dan ! I be stand here with Gordon 's clothing in my hand . it 's bloodstain ... ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : BEN ( cont 'd ) there be break tooth in the pocket . Monday may be too late ! ( pause ) the lawyer have be ban . stanley be wait , he great hand on he hip , the other one on Emily 's shoulder . she be sit on a chair . obviously , stanley do not expect a positive response . int . lewinson home - night lewinson ( interested ) do you mean julius nqakula ? ( pause ) too bad , he 's a good lawyer . why be you get so involved , Ben ? int . ben' study - night BEN I be just try to help Gordon . ... you represent many case , tell I , do this happen often ? ( pause ) but Gordon 's not political . ( pause ) okay , Dan , I be sorry for disturbing you weekend . Ben replace the phone . turn to Emily and stanley . BEN he agree to see you tomorrow and will apply to the supreme court for a interdict to stop any assault on Gordon . and , we will find out what 's go on . stanley you be all right , lanie . Ben can just hear Emily 's soft voice . emily thank you , baa . stanley come on , sisi . tomorrow it will all be first - class again . 48 . int . du toit lounge - night laughter again . Ben have rejoin the party in the lounge . the woman be together talk , laugh and the man on they own . susan more coffee , anyone ? General assent . cloete the security police do not arrest people for nothing , Ben . leave it alone . BEN they could make a mistake . cloete black lead double life . one you see and one you do not . this people surprise you all the time . vivier ( joke ) that 's what I like about they . BEN we be not concerned with ' black . ' we be talk about gordon . a good man and very loyal . susan ( serve coffee to cloete ) and a hard worker too . cloete a hard worker ? I have to get rid of he . Susan do not react . she leave to join the women ' group . BEN what ? cloete I fire he a few day before he be arrest for stay away from work for day . and for the sake of the school I say good riddance . BEN what do you mean ' good riddance ' ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : cloete I have a responsibility for the child . this be troubled time , Ben , we can not trust the native any more . bester you have to be extra careful about any influence , oom Ben . even they church be breeding grounds for all sort of evil idea . BEN Gordon 's not subversive and definitely not a Communist . cloete then he 's get nothing to worry about ! vivier except he three tooth . we government must not allow such thing to happen . after all , it 's a Christian government . ( turn to bester ) what do you say , dominee ? bester do not answer . BEN ( irritably ) I be not talk about the government ! I believe in we government , damn it ... his sharp tone surprise everybody . he quiet . BEN ... look , I know the police often know more than we do . I be not question that . I be as loyal as the next man . but I do know Gordon ngubene ... there be something wrong . there 's a moment 's embarrassed silence , break by suzette 's entrance with a tray of glass and a bottle of brandy . suzette ( put the tray in front of Ben ) anything else , papa ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : Ben start pour , and offer the first glass to bester . BEN dominee ? bester shake he hand . bester nee dankie . Ben hand the glass to vivier . immediately vivier raise he glass and laughingly say : vivier oom , Ben , may you problem be small one ! int . interrogation room ( JOHN vorster square ) - day Gordon be undoing he trousers . venter roughly drop the trousers and push he to the floor . he handcuffs he while johanne pull off the trousers and underpant , and manacle he ankle . johanne fetch a rod . venter go to a cupboard , pull out two electric wire with electrode attachment and place they on the desk . all the preparation be do with practice efficiency . from the adjoin room there be angry shout of a woman . venter and johanne place the rod between Gordon 's elbow - joint and the back of he knee . the door open . Gordon have a look of terror on he face . captain stolz ( o.s. ) sorry I be late . Captain stolz enter carry a thickish file under he arm , go straight to the desk and sit down . captain stolz johnanne , the table . johanne move the table in line with the desk . Lieutenant venter and johanne lift the truss Gordon and the end of the rod between the desk and table . ( continued ) 51 . continued : lieutenant venter you be a heavy shitface . too much mealie porridge ! Captain stolz hold Gordon by the head and swing he like a pendulum . stolz how do you feel today ? ready to fly ? very calmly Captain stolz pull out some papers from the file . stolz ( point one sheet of paper ) yes , mister ngubene , we know about this Wellington ... and ... ( point another affidavit ) ... we know about he ... and he ... now , we want the name of the other . and today you be go to tell we . the woman in the next room shout louder than before -- that one be a real and tough activist -- stolz ( to himself ) bloody woman . ( to johanne ) Water ! as johanne be fetching the bucket of water . venter go to the cupboard and stay there . lieutenant venter ' samson ' be ready , Captain , shall I switch he on ? johanne empty the bucket over Gordon . stolz attaches the terminal to Gordon 's earlobe . stolz ( to venter ) okay . gert ! Gordon be give a short burst of electric shock . gordon ( react ) Hai ! ( continued ) 52 . continued : stolz that be a small taste of ' samson . ' we have a whole day ... a knock at the door . stolz ... kom ! a black policeman in uniform . johnson seroke , enter with a letter in he hand . stolz what do you want ? seroke a letter for you , Captain . stolz go to take the letter and turn to place it on he desk . he notice seroke still stand . stolz what be you bloody - well wait for ? seroke no reply , Captain ? stolz get out of here . seroke leave . stolz ( to Gordon ) now about this affidavit who tell you to collect they ? the a.n.c .? who recruit you ? Gordon mumble something . stolz what ? he bend forward to hear , and Gordon 's swollen , puffy eye hold he gaze . gordon I do not know anything about the a.n.c . stolz you have have you chance . now you be go to shit . ( more ) ( continued ) 53. continued : stolz ( cont 'd ) ( to lieutenant in afrikaan ) reg gert . ( okay , gert ) Gordon suddenly shake violently and shout repeatedly . gordon Hai ! Hai ! Hai ! int . dutch reform church - morning dominee bester be preaching from the pulpit . bester God create the whole human race so that they could occupy the entire earth . he decreed how long each nation should flourish , and what the boundary of each territory should be . we task be to preserve that creative diversity . behind he , in he deacon 's black tail , Ben listen with clasped hand . on the opposite side , another man be lis - tening , stand in the love of he family , cloete . bester Brothers and sister , like we forebear , the voortrekker , who trekked into the wilderness preserve the afrikanere way of life give to they by God . today , we also live in time of great danger . let not fear overcome you ! cling to the way of justice and truth preserve by we leader . so shall God be honore ... ben' Pov the face of he friend scattered among the pews , suzette and Susan listen intently , johan beside she visibly bored , he eye wander to the cloete 's daughter at the end of the pew . bester ... so shall the afrikaner people flourish . the organ play the open note to a hymn , the congre - gation rise and sing . 54 . int . ben' garage - day Ben 's garage / workshop -- the door be open . Ben and johan be together building a strong desk for johan . the radio offer music to keep they company . Susan be confront Ben . susan why do not you tell I you would be down to John vorster Square ? BEN what difference would it have make ? susan I be you wife , damn it ! she turn the radio down , irritably . BEN I do not want to upset you . susan upset I ? it upset I when you share you bloody secret with a child ! johan be embarrassed . Ben glance at he . johan shrug and shake he head " not I . " Ben plane on . susan Ben ! Ben ! look at I for God sake ! ( turn to johan ) johan uit meet jou ! johan leave . BEN ( pose down the plane ) now what ? susan we have a good life . we may not have everything we might have have if ... BEN ( interrupt ) ... if I would be more ambitious . ( continued ) 55 . continued : susan ( look at he ) Ben , what 's happen ? ( pause ) sometimes it seem to I I do not know you . Ben look at she . her tone be panic , urgent . she look afraid . he cross over to she , take she in he arm . BEN what 's happen -- it 's something I have never have to face -- deal with -- before . susan he 's the gardener for God 's sake , not one of the family . BEN be patient with I ... when Gordon be free you will have I all to yourself again ... promise . susan ( nuzzling into he chest ) Ben . we be grow old . BEN nonsense . one 's as old as he feel . I feel young and very attractive . I can still do my duty . she smile up at he , chuckle , and then they kiss . johan interrupt . johan papa . susan ( smile indulgently at johan 's interruption ) _______________________________ johan stanley 's here , papa . johan leave . susan oh , bloody hell ! ( continued ) 56 . continued : Susan exclaim in angry frustration and flee . stanley appear at the garage door . he stand . stanley Gordon 's dead . BEN what ? the news leave Ben speechless . stanley continue in flat , emotionless tone . stanley the bastard say he commit suicide ... hang himself . Ben , recover from the shock . BEN suicide ... be that what they tell Emily -- poor woman ... stanley they do not tell she . she hear it on the radio like the rest of we . I contact lewinson immediately . he then rung the police to ask why Emily be not inform . would you believe it , they say they be sorry , and they do not know where to contact she . Ben walk slowly out of the garage in deep thought -- stanley follow he . ext . garage - day BEN ( almost to himself ) God ! I never think Gordon could commit suicide . stanley do you understand I ? I say , they say he commit suicide . BEN how do we know ? stanley Gordon be not a coward . ( continued ) 57 . continued : BEN yes , but ... stanley ( interrupt aggressively ) what do you mean ' but ' ? what about timol who they say have jump from a top-floor window ? what about ngudle ? what about mosala ? joyi ? malele ? they all die in that John vorster Square . all suicide , eh ? Ben stare at he . there be something like a strange silence between they . Ben be confuse and stanley be stare at he . Ben break this embarrassing mood . BEN anything I can do to help ? stanley he 's get brother . BEN ( surprised ) Brothers ? stanley I be he brother , man , we all be ! we will take care of everything . ( with pride ) that 's the African way . BEN stanley , I would like to see Gordon . stanley do not look for trouble , man . you know there be riot all over soweto . you be out of it . why do not you stay out ? BEN do not you understand ? I have get to go . stanley ( with a mischievous smile ) you get to go ? of course , lanie ... the last farewell . but we have to be careful . int . stanley' car - day stanley drive sportingly as he talk to Ben , seat in the back . ( continued ) 58 . continued : stanley we expect it . BEN how can you talk like that !? stanley a guy get pick up by the s.b... he 's part of history , man . BEN you mean you have no hope , you do not believe he would be release ? stanley hope 's a white word , lanie ... it 's not hope we need . there 's silence for a moment . BEN well , thank God Emily have you to lean on , stanley . stanley Emily be like my sister ... we go back many year . BEN do you belong to the xhosa tribe too ? stanley I be a African . that 's all ! ( look through the rear mirror ) comprende ? BEN I be a African too ! stanley turn abruptly . stanley what ? BEN I be fourteen before I wear shoe -- except for church ... I grow up on a plaas mile from any town ... watch sheep and ... stanley ( interrupt ) bullshit ! next you will have I believe we grow up in the same country , same law , same freedom , same everything ! ( continued ) 59 . continued : he laugh . ext . soweto border - day stanley ( like a tour guide ) we be now about to leave the white jungle and enter the land of love and glory . the car approach a huge perimeter notice : " you be now entering soweto TOWNSHIP . no person without the necessary permit be allowed ... " Ben be drive into a different world ; child play in dirty street , in wreck of car , open space devoid of vegetable , smoke from large rubbish dump , burnt - out skeleton of bus , beer hall and building . cluster of policeman in battle dress patrol in the distance . BEN so this be soweto . stanley ( like a actor , with big expansive gesture ) land of love and glory , lanie ! ( turn suddenly to Ben ) but watch out for the police and army . they be patrol all the time . the car follow a isolate break stretch of tar road hill cluttere with rusty tin , cardboard container , bottle . ext . funeral parlor - day a group of young child play under the blind sun in a muddy ditch , notice the big paint butterfly on the hood of stanley 's car . they wave and scream at stanley in they language and he scream back at they . two little girl start run , head toward the car . stanley notice the red vw park in a corner . he man - euver and park he car nearby . stanley ( open door ) hurry up , lanie . 60 . ben' Pov a modern funeral parlor with its name paint on the side : " moroka funeral director ( pty ) lot . " back to scene stanley notice the two little girl with dusty smile face , stand there wait for he . stanley ( check he pants ' pocket ) no sweet today . I be sorry , baby . the child give stanley a coy disbely look as they watch he go with the " white man . " children' Pov on the doorstep of the funeral parlor : stanley and Ben run into a young woman come out with a shoulder bag and a camera . the young woman and stanley exchange a quick , friendly greeting -- it 's melanie bruwer , the rand Daily reporter -- and keep move . back to scene Ben turn back for a moment . her face seem familiar to he . he would like to talk to she , but there be no time . stanley be already inside . int . funeral parlor - day Ben and stanley follow the proprietor who be expensively - dress in a dark suit . Gordon 's coffin stand as one of many in the room . Inside the casket , brass fitting , white satin , lie Gordon , incongruous , ludicrous in a black Sunday suit . his hand be cross on he chest like the claw of a bird and he face , barely recognizable , be gray , the leave side distort , blackish purple . there be rough stitches of the postmortem across he skull and a scar on he lip . stanley speak in a African language to the undertaker . the man open Gordon 's shirt and reveal the bruise and batter chest . ( continued ) 61 . continued : stanley observe Ben who look at the wound with horror . then another command from stanley and the undertaker open the shirt to the waist . Ben 's ashen . stanley thanks the man and turn to leave . Ben remain a minute . he shut he eye tightly . now he see it . now he must believe it . he must accept that this batter corpse be Gordon . as he follow stanley , he thanks the undertaker . ext . funeral parlor - day outside the " sunlight , " the child 's laughter and stanley , hand in pocket , wait for Ben by the car . the same two little girl approach stanley who give they some coin -- they run off happily . Ben be come outside blink in the glaring sunlight . stanley glare at Ben , who be pale , shake and silent . they get into the car in silence . stanley ( turn to Ben ) ' the live close the eye of the dead . the dead open the eye of the live . ' stanley start the car . BEN please , take I to Emily . stanley look at he . stanley look , we would take one hell of a chance to get here , let 's not push it . BEN I really have to see she , stanley . stanley drive off . stanley ( determine ; look through rearview mirror ) I say do not push it . I have to keep you alive . what 's more the house be full of mourner . ( continued ) 62 . continued : they drive in silence ... then : stanley what be you thought now ? BEN what do you mean ? stanley ( aggressively ) come on . I know you come to see the body . what do you think now ? BEN ( expose ) I ... I can not think . I be confuse . stanley you either believe what you see or maybe you still prefer the government version . BEN for Christ sake , just get off my back , stanley . stanley okay . it be a simple question . stanley turn he radio on and bantu music invade the car as it speed away in a cloud of dust . ext . white suburb STREET - late afternoon the big brassy dodge be thread its way through the leafy calm of the white suburb . the " Bantu " music be still playing on the radio under stanley 's animated conversation with Ben . stanley you know , lanie , when you run a taxi , especially a pirate taxi like I , you have eye and ear everywhere . even when a policeman fart in he bed you know . people want a reference book , a permit to stay in soweto , a house , anything , we taxi driver know the route . I will tell you something ... a news bulletin in African language interrupt the music . stanley listen . ( continued ) 63. continued : stanley shit ! BEN what ? stanley Dr. hassiem have be pick up . BEN who 's he ? stanley silently pull up along the curb and come to rest at Ben 's gate . ext . ben' house - entrance - late evening stanley Dr. hassiem be the doctor we get to represent Emily at Gordon 's autopsy . we want the truth . Ben suddenly realize the significance . BEN he would have testify . bloody hell ! stanley a smart move by you boer brother . they have silence hassiem . BEN his report have to be important . we can only use what we have . therefore , lewinson must get a very good advocate . ( pause ) if only we could get hold of this hassiem 's report . stanley what 's the use ? it 's one big game and we black be merely spectator . hey lanie , can one be a spectator as he 's be kick around ? he laugh . ( continued ) 64 . continued : BEN it 's not a question of be spectator . the court be impartial , the law be what matter . stanley ( quite seriously ) that 's what you all say . I have to move man . you neighbor ! now , be careful . they will put they mark on you ! BEN who ? stanley take a empty cigarette packet from he pocket , he write on it . stanley you will find out ! ( hand the packet to Ben ) in case you need I . do not give you name -- just say ' lanie ' phone -- right ? Ben get out of the car . BEN now tomorrow at ten ... stanley ( interrupt ) sharp ! at we smart liberal friend 's office , yeh ! BEN good night . stanley drive vigorously away . Ben walk slowly and thoughtfully towards he house . he notice Susan watch he through the window . he slump on a chair on the veranda as Susan come out of the house follow by johan -- they both stand slightly worried at he moroseness . BEN I go to soweto and see Gordon 's body . they have lie to I , my own people -- they kill he ! I see the body . ( continued ) 65 . continued : johan look horrify . susan Ben , you be not a doctor . his death be announce officially . they would not say anything unless they be certain of they fact . BEN ( more animated ) fact ? there 's a doctor who participate at the autopsy . a Doctor hassiem and he ... susan ( interrupt ) you mean the indian doctor who 's be arrest ? johan it be in the five o'clock news , papa . BEN that 's he , he represent Emily at the autopsy . susan ( suddenly desperate ) Ben , I be sorry about Gordon 's death , but please for all we sake , forget about this whole thing . let 's get back to a normal life . BEN can I have a drink ? johan a brandy ? BEN you always know what I need . johan hurry into the house . susan ( plead ) please , Ben , I be frighten . she turn and walk into the house , leave Ben . 66 . ext . soweto cemetery - morning the large soweto cemetery have score of grave ready for burial . the chief mourner , Emily , Robert , he sister , Margaret , four relative and stanley be stand on either side of the priest . Gordon 's coffin be in the grave ; several wreath be on the side of the grave . there be about fifteen hundred mourner , and half be youth . there be several local reporter and overseas television reporter . the police be in attendance in large number at the edge of the crowd , some in battle dress and some with dog . priest before I conclude , I have to say we be tired of make this journey every day , sometimes twice in one day , bury we child , and that , like we depart brother , ngubene who be merely seek the truth ; and that who have be denounce by traitor amongst we ; and that who have be brutally kill for no reason , yes I shall say it , by the police . let that who rule this land of ours listen to the word of God ; let they listen to we peaceful and just demand ; let they be humble and go down on they knee and seek forgiveness , then listen to God . the crowd roar : " amanda ! amanda ! " the Priest start a short hymn and the crowd join in . at the end of the hymn . priest we will have a few word from Mr. pilani we father and leader . the crowd start sing a freedom song with arm raise . the funeral have now become a political demonstration . Mr. pilani , who be a dignify , educate 70 - year - old , walk slowly and wait beside the chief mourner . he be hand a loudspeaker . ( continued ) 67 . continued : a senior police officer thread he way through the crowd , a loud hailer in he hand . as he reach the grave he turn . the crowd be quiet . he say something to the Priest then address the crowd . senior officer the funeral be over . I order everyone to go home . this be not a political rally . I repeat , disperse . as though by signal the police start attack the mourner with truncheon and dog . there be pandemon - ium , woman scream , people fall into grave or cover in they . the Priest and stanley lead Emily and the family away in the opposite direction . the press and television be recording the scene . the police start throw tear gas canister . there be no confrontation , the crowd be flee in all direction . one television cameraman be purposely push into a grave by a very young policeman , he round recordist be pull up into the adjourn grave by the connect cord . Melanie stand on a tombstone watch and make note . int . ben' lounge - night Ben , Susan watch the main evening news bulletin on tv . on the screen a sequence of rioting . commentary ( v.o. ) despite repeat warning young black attack the police with rock and petrol bomb . five policeman be injure . Susan briefly glance at Ben . commentary ( v.o. ) several arrest be make . one youth be kill and five wounded . follow the newscaster and then report : newscaster ( v.o. ) this morning there be a serious disturbance at the funeral of Gordon ngubene . Susan leave the room . ( continued ) 68 . continued : newscaster the detainee who commit suicide by hang himself at John vorster Square . a overseas television cameraman break a arm during the disturbance . it 's be report that several people have be kill by a car-bomb in belfast Northern Island ... Ben turn off the tv and stay in he thought . ext . johannesburg - STREET - afternoon stanley and Ben be drive in the outskirt of johannesburg . ext . approach of soweto - afternoon stanley drive seemingly alone at very high speed , which he maintain through the street of soweto ... use he horn to scatter people out of he way , to the anger and indulgence of other . the car screech to a halt outside Emily 's house . stanley get out of the car and greet the startle neighbor ... and acknowledge the friendly shout of child . stanley look around , then go back to the car , open the back door , lean and say something . suddenly , to everyone 's astonishment , Ben crawl out of the car ; stanley hustle he into Emily 's house . stanley wave at the people , a sign of assurance , then close the door behind he . int . emily's house - afternoon Ben stand awkwardly for a moment , take in the room and the people in it . he then walk over to Emily who be stand at the table . he go to shake she hand . BEN how be you , Emily ? emily well , thank you , Mr. Ben , sir . eh , that 's father masonwane , we priest , and that 's Margaret from next door . Ben nod at they . stanley sit himself down . ( continued ) 69 . continued : stanley ( raise he hand in greeting ) mfundisi ... ( priest ) ... sisi ! ( sister ) emily ( to Ben ) please sit down . take this chair , the other one be break . BEN ( apologetically ) I do not mean to disturb you . I have come to talk to you . emily ( as she sit on the break chair ) yes , it 's good . what I want to know be why do they kill he . he do not do they nothing . you know , Mr. Ben , sir , I wash he whole body for he be my husband . and I know a man who kill himself , he do not look like that . margaret master , you must understand she 's still raw inside . BEN I be sure . Robert walk in , look at Ben and walk into he bedroom to fetch something , then as he 's about to go out : emily Robert , where be you manners today ? do not you greet visitor ? Robert stop momentarily and look at Ben with hostility and hurry out of the room bang the door . emily I be sorry for he rudeness . priest ( to Ben ) you have to understand what 's happen to we child today , they be like wasp when you burn they nest . ( continued ) 70 . continued : margaret that 's right . we child be say ' that 's enough ! ' thing have to change in this country . they accuse we of be coward . BEN Emily , I have really come to assure you that I will do all I can to help you find out what really happen to Jonathan and you husband -- we cannot bring they back to life , but we can make sure that this sort of thing will not ever happen again . priest you mean well , sir , but it 's better to forgive . if we keep the pain alive then hate and bitterness will remain with we . BEN the air must be clear . so we can breathe again . priest the air can only be clear if we forget about yesterday 's thunder . emily Mr. Ben be right . it 's not that I want to go on with this thing because it 's a bad thing that Jonathan die , that Gordon die that 's hard enough to bear , but I can forgive it . but they cover Gordon 's name with dirt and we must clean it up , else he will never have peace in he grave . stanley ( to Ben ) you must understand for we , suicide be a coward 's way out , how do they say , it 's a ' cop out . ' BEN Gordon be not a coward and we will prove that . we have a very good advocate for the inquest . his name be De villier . I have confidence in he and the truth will come out . ( continued ) 71 . continued : emily the truth must be know . they kill my husband who would not hurt a fly and they kill Jonathan who be only a child ... priest that people who do it be sinful people who do not know what they be do . stanley he! mfundisi , what be you say now ? you mean ... priest we must help they . that 's the only way . they need we help , not hate , but love . priest I pity they and I ask the Lord to help I so I can learn to love they . stanley if that 's what you preach in you church you will soon be starve . emily they cover he name with dirt . priest be not you afraid sis Emily ? emily no . in the end one grow tired of be afraid . stanley amen ! Ben have be listen to the discussion with interest , this be the first time he have hear african talk seriously about they problem . BEN Emily , stanley and I will do all we can . as I say we have a good advocate . everyone involved with Gordon 's death will be question and all that 's know regard what happen in John vorster Square will come out . ( continued ) 72 . continued : margaret how can anything come out of that John vorster Square ? who there will say : ' yes , we kill the boy and Gordon ? ' BEN lawyer ask question . margaret and do not policeman lie ? emily thank you , Mr. Ben , sir for what you be do . BEN ( stand ) I be pleased I come . stanley ( to Ben as he go to the door ) wait , let I check the situation . he open the door and walk out . ext . emily's house - afternoon a small group of youngster be there , hand thrust into they pocket , hang around in a stony silence . Robert be stand by the door . stanley call one of they and talk to he -- the boy look around and say something . as stanley go back to the door , pass Robert , he ruffle he hair . stanley ( to Robert ) take it easy . ( then to Ben ) it 's okey , dokey , but hurry . Ben hurry out of the room . the child stare at he . BEN ( as they go to the car ) do I ... ( continued ) 73. continued : stanley ( interrupt ) yes , on the floor man . stanley open the back door for Ben . who crouch on the floor . some of the boy snicker and one burst out laugh . as stanley get into the car he shout at they : stanley okay . kid , time to go home . be careful . boy ( shouting back ) sure ' bra ' stanley . take it easy . stanley drive off at speed . ext . outskirt of soweto - late afternoon stanley be drive , they have leave soweto . Ben still on the floor . BEN be we still in soweto ? stanley why do not you look for yourself ? Ben rise and see that they be at least a mile out . he be not amused . BEN ( sit up ) what the hell be you play at ? stanley ( as he burst into loud laugh ) precaution , lanie . BEN ( expose ) do not call I lanie ! what do that mean anyway ? stanley ( still laugh ) you will not understand , lanie . they drive off . 74 . int . ben' bedroom - night Susan and Ben be in bed . Susan be in Ben 's arm , she be relaxed and loving . Ben talk quietly and calmly . BEN I think I be without awareness . I have always care about people , call it a social conscience . but my visit to Gordon 's house make I experience another dimension of human condition . susan the poverty , ja ... BEN no , I expect that . but listen to they talk make I realize that I do not know the black . now I question my attitude , my concern as Ben , and complacence as a white person . susan Ben , I know you anxiety about the inquest . all will be clear up , in a legal way , and you will be back to you normal self . now let 's turn off the light . Susan kiss Ben tenderly . int . court room - first day of inquest - day the inquest of Gordon ngubene ... conduct by magistrate klopper . in the witness box be dr . jansen , the state pathologist , give evidence . advocate do villier be cross examine . do villier Dr. jansen , you be a state pathologist of many year stand and I have no doubt a well - qualified pathologist . could you now please tell we what cause the death of the decease ? dr . jansen I find that death have be cause by the application of force to the neck , consistent with hang . ( continued ) 75 . continued : there 's a vigorous reaction to this around the court , which give we a chance to discover the crowd : in the white section of the public gallery be Ben and about eight other white . the black section be fill to capacity with a few stand - ing . in the front row be sit stanley next to Margaret . at the entrance , a white policeman . in the press section be several reporter ; amongst they Melanie bruwer the rand Daily mail reporter . Colonel viljoen and several policeman be sit around the court . do villier you be sure about the hang ? this pressure on the neck , could it also have be exerted in other way ? dr . jansen it could , but it be not for I to speculate . do villier of course not , Doctor . the list of injury find on the body be horrifyingly long ; bruise , swelling , abrasion , break rib , laceration , etc . how long before death do you estimate he receive this injury ? dr . jansen I could not say exactly . do villier roughly . dr . jansen some be fourteen to twenty day old , other three to four day and other even more recent . do villier even more recent . I see . I understand you have a Dr. hassiem present at the autopsy . dr . jansen that 's correct . ( continued ) 76 . continued : do villier there be two report , ours and he . do they tally ? dr . jansen yes , it be . in most respects . on stanley listen . do villier be not it normal practice to have one report ? why do Dr. hassiem decide to draw up a separate report ? if he really co-sign yours . dr . jansen that 's for he to answer ! do villier I would very much like to , Dr. jansen , but he 's be detain -- you know of course that he represent the ngubene family . thank you . there 's a murmur around the court ... Ben look across at viljoen who return he gaze -- smile . CUT to : dr . herzog the police physician , give evidence . do villier Dr. herzog , do you examine the decease ? dr . herzog yes , one day Captain stolz call I in . the man have toothache . do villier ( aggressive ) that 's all ? dr . herzog ( uncomfortable ) as far as I could tell -- yes . ( continued ) 77 . continued : do vilier you do not examine he thoroughly ? dr . herzog why should I ? the man be perfectly healthy , just complain of toothache . I extract three decaye tooth , and give he aspirin for the pain ... that 's all . do villier do the captain or anyone else assist you during the examination ? dr . herzog ( hesitates ) I ... I can not remember . do villier ( more aggressive and accuse ) Dr. herzog , tell we . have you be intimidate by the Security Police or do you deliberately cooperate with they in play they disgusting little game of hide - and -seek ? louw ( jump up from he seat ) I protest , you worship . magistrate advocate De villier , will you refrain from insinuation ? do villier thank you , Doctor herzog ... I be sure Gordon ngubene be extremely grateful ! herzog 's face be impassive . on crowd reacting . magistrate advocate louw ? during the hubbub De villier and the state advocate trade place . the courtroom be quiet . ( continued ) 78 . continued : louw thank you , you worship . I would like to call Captain stolz . there 's a buzz from the spectator as Captain stolz walk up to the witness stand . he 's give a Bible . on Ben -- watch he . closeup - stolz in witness box , swear in afrikaan . louw you be a police officer station at John vorster Square ? stolz that 's right , you worship . louw you arrest Gordon ngubene . could you describe what happen ? stolz acting on information we have receive , I go to the house of the decease , accompany by Lieutenant venter , Lieutenant botha , and three native member of the security force . this be about 10 p.m. I inform ngubene that he be under arrest under article 6 of the terrorism Act . he then become violent and resist arrest . a certain force have to be apply to restrain he . on stanley listen . on Ben listen . stolz we find several incriminate document . this point to he involvement with the a.n.c. and activity endangering the security of the state . 79 . on Ben look at stolz , and shaking he head , bewilder . louw be the decease ever assault to you knowledge ? stolz never . he be always treat with courtesy and correctness . but , one time we have cause to use force against he . it be the day before he death . the decease suddenly show sign of aggression . he try to jump through the open window of my office . he be act like a mad man . it take six of my man to restrain he , and he have to be manacle hand and foot , for he own safety . but once he calm down , he be ready to make a statement about he activity . the next morning we find he dead in he cell . magistrate be the statement in evidence ? louw no , you worship . it can not be disclose in court without damaging we investigation , but I would like to offer into evidence a suicide note write by the decease . louw , take it from he file on the table . stanley and Margaret listen . louw ' dear Captain . I prefer to die rather than betray any more of my friend . amandla ! Gordon ngubene . ' he hand it to the court clerk . there 's uproar at this . louw thank you , you worship . magistrate advocate De villier ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : Ben be disgust . he look about the court , as if seek ally . his eye meet Melanie 's -- just for a second there 's recognition -- then he return to De villier . advocate De villier cross-examing Captain stolz . do villier thank you , you worship . Captain stolz , you say you treat the decease always with courtesy and correctness , then how do you account for the injury find on the body ? stolz sometimes detainee deliberately injure themselves for propaganda purpose . the gallery scream its objection . stanley lean forward and grin across the partition at Ben . the magistrate warn the crowd . finally the gallery quiet down . do villier you say he try to jump out of the open window ... be there no bar to prevent such a act ? stolz they have be remove for repair . do villier and why do he wish to jump out ? because you be torture he ? stolz he be not torture . do villier perhaps it be the toothache then . no reaction from stolz . do villier you say you seize incriminate document at the decease 's home ; can you produce they to see how subversive he be ? louw ( to magistrate ) that document cannot be introduce as evidence , you worship , in view of the fact that state security be involved . ( continued ) 81 . continued : the magistrate make a note . do villier I put it to you , Captain -- that the only subversive activity the decease have be involved in be he effort to establish what happen to he son , Jonathan , allegedly shot during a riot , although several witness be prepare to testify that he die in detention one month later . louw ( jump up ) I protest ... do villier this would support my case that a innocent man have die in you hand under highly questionable circumstance . louw if it please you worship ... this unwarranted slur on the integrity of the special branch be unacceptable ... and base , I may say , on allegation which be in any case irrelevant to the present inquest . magistrate I agree . do villier ( turn on louw ) if the police be really interested in retain a unsully reputation , they should not object to the real fact be present . thank you , Captain . louw the real fact be be present -- as the follow affadivit prove . they be all by detainee -- who testify that they have all see the decease intermittently from the time of he detention -- to the time of he death -- and on all occasion he be in good health . ( continued ) 82. continued : as the document be pass to the magistrate , they be scorn by De villier . imperviously he request : do villier I trust the signatory of this ... document ... be available to corroborate they evidence in person . straight on ARCHIBALD chigorimbo detainee in the witness box . he swear in Zulu . De villier hold he sign affidavit . do villier Mr. Archibald , when do you first meet Gordon ngubene ? ARCHIBALD ( look at black crowd , then to De villier ) I never see Gordon ngubene . a sudden stillness in the court . on Ben . on stanley . on Melanie . on louw . do villier be you say that you do not sign this statement ? ARCHIBALD ... I never meet Mr. ngubene ... they force I to sign . Captain stolz , he hit I many time with a rubber hose ... he say he would kill I ' less I sign ... this ... this be what he do to I . he pull up he shirt -- he back be cover in bruise . the crowd can not restrain itself any longer . Ben be aghast by what he see . do villier thank you , Mr. Archibald . ( continued ) 83. continued : magistrate advocate louw ? louw ( uncomfortable ) no thank you , you worship . as Archibald leave the witness stand , hold by a special branch officer , he raise he fist in salute and shout to the crowd : " amandla . " the crowd respond : " ngawethu . " Ben look at Archibald . he be very impressed by this strength in the prisoner 's eye . a officer of the court shout at the crowd : " silte in die koort " ( silence in court ) -- bailiff collar a few of the loudest protester and pull they with brutality out of the courtroom . do villier ( to town , wearily ) May we put up the second signatory ? louw confer hurriedly with the prosecution officer , then turn back to the court . louw you worship -- the other three signatory cannot appear for reason of state security . he sit down , bland , examine he papers . do villier you worship , I would like to recall Captain stolz . as Captain stolz return to the stand he cross Archibald be handcuff by the s.b. officer . Ben watch he pass by the detainee , straight , im - passive without a look to he . do villier Captain , you be still under oath -- you take Archibald 's statement . be it voluntary ? I be sure you will say it be , then how do he come by the injury on he back ? stolz he fall down the stair a few day ago . ( continued ) 84 . continued : do villier fell down the stair . you should do something about that stair , Captain , so many people fall on they . thank you . the crowd laugh . stolz ( to the magistrate ) you worship , may I be excuse ? I have to escort detainee archibal back to John vorster Square . magistrate you may , Captain , and thank you . ( to the crowd ) I think this 's a good moment to adjourn -- we will reconvene at two thirty . ext . courtroom - day Emily , Margaret , stanley and a man , be sit outside the court eat fish and chip . there be various african sit around for they lunch break . CUT to : int . cafe near court - day Ben and Dan lewinson have a light lunch in a nearby cafe . BEN ( buoyant ) De villier be make mincemeat of they . lewinson he 's very good . his cross - examination have get they rattle . BEN it 's obvious to anybody ! the evidence be clear ! ( pause ) do you see archibal 's back ? he do not have to tell the truth . Dan lewinson 's dry laugh catch in he throat . ( continued ) 85 . continued : lewinson that 's what stolz be say to he right now in he torture room . CUT to : int . courtroom - afternoon advocate De villier and a dignify Emily in the witness stand . emily Captain stolz lie . my husband never fight the police when he be arrest . they be rough with he , push he and threaten . do villier when you husband 's clothes be give to you , in what condition be they ? emily there be blood on they and in the back pocket I find three break tooth . do villier now Mrs. ngubene , you have see the note that 's say to have be write by you husband . do you recognize the write ? emily ( firmly ) that 's not how my husband write . ( strongly ) he never write that letter , they lie . do villier thank you , Mrs. ngubene . magistrate advocte louw ? he shake he head . emily ( face the magistrate and in firm voice ) they kill my husband and son . ( continued ) 86 . continued : on Ben , satisfied . magistrate ( to a policeman next to viljoen ) will you take the woman out ? do villier I would like to call my last witness . Grace nkosi . Grace 's name be call . she be a attractive 20 - year - old girl . as she pass by Ben , he watch she with concern ; she face look familiar . of course he remember have see she at John vorster Square the first time he go there to meet the colonel . grace nkosi be the African girl the two security officer be lift to the ten flour . he recognize she . Grace nkosi in the witness stand . she swear in xhosa . do villier be you ever detain ? grace yes sir , at John vorster Square . do villier for how long ? grace six month . do villier can you tell we what happen to you during that time ? grace I be interrogate by many special policeman , but mainly Captain stolz and the one they call venter . as they be search somebody I know , they want I to tell they where that person be hide . as I refuse to cooperate they beat I with a sjambok . after some time I fall and they kick I in the face and stomach . on Ben obviously shocked . ( continued ) 87 . continued : grace I spot blood and they try to make I lick it . then Captain stolz throw a wet towel and start twist it around my neck ... ( she illustrate ) ... until I lose consciousness . they do this several time and the last one Captain stolz say ' come on meid , speak up , or do you want to die like Gordon ngubene ? ' a few day later I be release . on Melanie take note . do villier thank you , miss Grace . that 's all , you worship . louw ( rise and look at Grace for some second ) you make that up . say you make it up . grace it 's the truth . I have nothing more to say . louw sit down . magistrate we shall adjourn until tomorrow morning . I will hear the argument and give the verdict . the crowd stand and start to leave the courtroom . dissolve to : int . courtroom - morning ( second day ) a silent black crowd ; Emily , Margaret , stanley anxiously await the verdict . today the public gallery be more crowded than before . magistrate I wish to thank both advocate for conduct this case without rancour and in the best tradition of the South African legal profession . ( continued ) 88. continued : on Ben 's face . on Dan lewinson 's face . on viljoen and stolz 's face . magistrate I have listen to all the evidence and the argument . to begin with I have to say that there be no conclusive evidence offer to prove beyond doubt that member of the Security Police have be guilty of assault or any irregular conduct on the decease . there be indication that ngubene be aggressive and on more than one occasion have to be restrain with force . there be sufficient evidence to conclude that death have be cause by a trauma follow pressure apply to the neck , consistent with hang . consequently , I find that Gordon ngubene commit suicide by hang himself and that on available evidence he death cannot be attribute to any act or omission or amount to a criminal offense on the part of any person . CUT to : viljoen and stolz smile , shaking hand with advocate louw in congratulation . CUT to : int . foyer of courtroom - day the predominantly black crowd obviously dissatisfied with the verdict , discuss it as it move slowly towards the main entrance . in the crowd stanley , Margaret and Emily control , dignify but obviously pain . CUT to : BEN totally depressed , walk up to Emily . ( continued ) 89 . continued : stanley ( to Ben over noise of the discussion ) do not worry , man . there 's another day ! Ben lean towards Emily . BEN I be sorry , Emily . several press photographer be take picture osten - sibly of Emily the widow . stanley gently guide Emily out of the building . Ben , who be follow , be besiege by the insistent reporter , shouting : reporter ' mister du toit , how do you know Mrs. ngubene ? ' ' mister du toit , can you answer , be it true , he be a terrorist ? ' Ben try to get through . reporter mister du toit , what do you think of the verdict ? do you believe the police ? Melanie appear , grab Ben and push he away through they . reporter hang on , Melanie , I be come with you . melanie ( shout back ) fuck off . the press be still pursue they . as Ben and Melanie reach Melanie 's car : BEN my car be over there . melanie ( open the car ) never mind you car . let 's get away from this vulture . ( continued ) 90 . continued : they get into the car and as they drive away , Melanie introduce herself . melanie by the way , I be Melanie bruwer . BEN obviously of the rand Daily mail . I read you article about Jonathan . melanie ten out of ten , Mr. du toit . I know about you too . BEN ( uncomfortable ) you do ? Melanie smile . melanie we have a mutual friend . one stanley . BEN I remember . the mortuary in soweto ... ( pause ) ... the ambiguous stanley . melanie stanley ? no. just careful . a big black rough uncut diamond . do not be fool by he happy - go - lucky attitude . there 's much more to he . BEN he could not have give you a glow report of I . ( suddenly aggressive ) I be sorry , but where be we go ? melanie I think a cool drink at my house . BEN ( on the defensive ) Mrs. bruwer , I be not ... ( continued ) 91 . continued : melanie ( interrupt ) I promise you . I be not after a interview or anything like that . she smile . BEN I really must go home . melanie please , Mr. du toit , and you will meet my darling father . she smile again . a disarming smile . ext . melanie' home - day Melanie drive into the yard . the house be a old Colonial style house amidst flower , bush and tree , a control wild garden . a figure be bent over a beehive . a large brimm old hat with a net hide he head and feature . Melanie stop the car in the driveway . melanie ( point from the car ) there he be by the eucalyptus tree , on the leave . that 's old bruwer . they get out of the car and walk towards he . BEN how long have you live here ? melanie oh , about twenty - one year . I love this house . bruwer ( without look up ) be that you , Melanie ? melanie of course , dad . I want you to meet a friend . bruwer do anyone have a friend nowadays ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : he straighten up and throw the net over he head and study ben. mr. bruwer be seventy year old ; a interesting face with a goatee beard . melanie Mr. du toit , dad . bruwer do you like bee ? BEN ( smile ) I have nothing against they . melanie ( to Ben ) be careful , I can see philosophy come . bruwer you shut up . ( to Ben ) let I tell you about bee , and for that matter ant : a bee have a completely altruistic sense of purpose -- base on the common good . a course from which he can not be deflect . greed , ambition , they mean nothing to he . he life solely to serve he fellow bee . melanie what about individuality , dad ? bruwer there 's the rub , my girl . there 's the rub . one of this day I will ask the bee . I be sure they have the answer . now , you two run along ! he replace he net and continue with the hive . melanie a drink , dad ? bruwer I have be pee too much this morning . ( continued ) 93. continued : melanie ( as they walk toward the house ) that 's my daddy . Melanie and Ben enter the house . int . melanie' live room - day the bruwer live room be a profusion of pile of papers , of book on shelf , on table , on the floor , painting -- record , African sculpture . on the floor tangle length of flex lead from a record player to two voluminous speaker . a settee , a chess set . the furniture be old and well - use , dominate by a large leather club chair -- two big cat sleep on it . it 's civilized pandemonium . melanie ( gesture to the room ) now you see in what environment I be spawn . Ben look at the shelf and smile . melanie please sit down , on that chair . ( point to club chair ) that 's dad 's . drink ? BEN please . a ... melanie ( interrupt , mischievous ) a brandy ? BEN ( look at she surprised , then smile ) no thanks , a beer will be fine . Melanie go into the kitchen leave Ben . he can not forget what he hear and what he see in the court ! she return barefoot , with two beer mug , and hand one to ben. ( continued ) 94 . continued : melanie the mug be the few thing that dad bring from Germany . he study philosophy in tubingen and Berlin before the last war . BEN I think they be german ? Melanie sit , she leg propped up on the settee , hugging she knee . melanie Mr. du toit , tell ... BEN ( interrupt ) please , call I ben. melanie all right , Ben , tell I , why be you so depressed ? you really expect a different verdict ? BEN ( disgruntled ) why do you ask ? can you understand it ? melanie of course I understand it . what could they have . I be not cynical . I be only try to be realistic . BEN tell I , miss bruwer ... melanie Ben and Melanie , that 's fair . BEN tell I , do you believe in the notion of justice ? melanie ( lighting a cigarette ) I will never stop believe . but in this country I have learn it 's pointless to look for it in certain situation . BEN what use be a system if justice do not apply to all situation ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : melanie exactly . and you can not fight for justice unless you know injustice very well . you have get to know you enemy first . BEN that 's a tall order : ' know injustice ... know the enemy . ' it seem I have a long haul ahead of I . melanie not at all , Ben . you have already take the first step . ( pause ) welcome to South Africa ! she smile . int . ben' bedroom - night Susan be sit at the dress table . she be apply cleanse cream to she face . she be relaxed . Ben be get ready for bed . susan do you enjoy the ' bobotie ? ' when I hear the verdict on the news I know you would be upset . ( softer ) I want to make you something special . BEN ( thoughtful ) thank you , darling . a pause . Susan start to remove the cream . susan I be glad it 's all over . you take thing to heart too much . Ben come and stand behind Susan -- look at she through the mirror . BEN ( try to keep control of himself ) they kill Gordon -- first they kill Jonathan , and then he . how can they get away with it ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : susan ( soothingly ) now come on , Ben . Gordon 's death upset I , too . but the magistrate have all the fact . he must know what he 's do , he 's have year of experience . the case have run its course , and nobody can do anything more about it ! it 's all over and do with . BEN ( look at she ) I be not so sure about that , Susan ! Susan swivel around and face Ben . susan I be damned well sure ! it 's over , Ben ! you better get that into you head . Ben just stare at she with seethe anger . she stand up and start be hysterical . susan a teacher , always a bloody teacher . you never move yourself for we . but for the black , oh yes . whose side be you on , Ben ? and I be sick and tired of that native come here . why do not you bloody well go and live in soweto ? Ben stride out of the room . susan ( follow and shouting ) now where be you go ? BEN ( without look ) soweto ! then shut the door behind he . Susan stand stupefy . there 's the sound of the spare room door . int . spare room - night Ben be stand in the middle of the room , in the dark . on the wall behind he be a young suzette 's picture . ( continued ) 97 . continued : after a few second , Ben move slowly to the bed and sit on it still in deep think . slow move to a : closeup on BEN and : fade out . fade in : int . newspaper and confectionary shop - morning it 's a Saturday morning . a shopping center in a white suburb . Ben go into a newspaper shop . there be two child buy sweet and a woman leave . the proprietor be a afrikaner in he middle age . BEN more meneer Van de merwe . ( Morning mister Van de merwe . ) proprietor ( in offhand manner ) more meneer du toit . BEN we boy give the Eastern province a thrashing . proprietor yes . Ben realize that the man be not he usual conversational self . BEN be anything wrong ? proprietor no . Ben go to pick up a afrikaan newspaper and the rand Daily mail . BEN ( walk up to counter ) and a packet of tobacco and pipe cleaner . the man get they and take a note from Ben and give he he change . by then a man be wait . ( continued ) 98 . continued : BEN see you tomorrow . as he walk out the other man turn around to watch he . ext . STREET - morning Ben walk out of the shop . the newspaper under he arm . a group of three middle - age woman turn to look at he . Ben do not see they . a little further on , he meet Mrs. coetzee . he try to greet she but she walk straight by . further on , he notice two man obviously talk about he . then a couple of boy on bike snigger as they pass he . he begin to wonder what 's it all about , and spontaneously check he clothes . ext . ben' house - veranda - morning Susan and suzette sit there . suzette 's hold a news - paper -- the ossewa -- Susan 's thoughtful , she face be red and discompose -- obviously she have cry . the phone ring but they deliberately ignore it . Ben appear with the newspaper under he arm , see suzette 's sport car and hurry to join they . suzette do not even give he a chance to kiss she . suzette ( jump up and show the cover of ossewa ) now , papa , this be go too far ! how could you ? BEN ( surprised ) how 's that , suzette ? Ben take the newspaper and look at the cover . a picture of himself and Emily outside the courtroom . the two face be close together with the note : " emily ngubene , wife of native who die in detention , comfort by a friend of family , Mr. BEN du toit . " and in parenthesis " see page two . " he throw the ossewa on a chair and check into the rand Daily mail . Inside there be a long article with Emily 's picture , title " the face of grief . " Ben fold up the newspaper , and shake he head . he suddenly realize why the people react like that outside . ( continued ) 99 . continued : suzette you do not stop to think of the family . poor mother , how can she face anyone ? and tomorrow be Sunday ! BEN now listen ... johan step into the veranda . johan what 's everybody yell about ? suzette you listen , papa , just tell I , why ? recognize he father in the photo , johan have pick up the newspaper from the chair . BEN do you really think I specially arrange for the photographer to take that picture ? and what 's more it 's distort . suzette what 's distort about it ? you face be practically touch that meid 's face , like you be about to kiss she . BEN ( disgruntled ) suzette , pull yourself together ! suzette today the whole country have see that photograph . we , you child , be go to suffer . at this very moment Chris be negotiate with the provincial Council . would you like to see they cancel it ? you have no feel , papa ! BEN ( shocked ) suzette ! she leave in rage . johan ( conciliate ) what 's papa do , anyway ? if something happen to he , would not you be upset ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : susan ( stand up ) not enough , johan , to throw myself into the garden boy 's arm . BEN that go without say . johan ( try to joke ) there must be easier way of get you name in the paper . before she can stop herself , Susan slap he across the face , although not hard . johan leave without a word . she clutches she hand , shocked at have it against he . the phone start to ring . Susan run out sobbing . Ben look at she then walk into the live room to pick up the phone . int . ben' live room - morning BEN ( into phone ) who ?... I do not know you and have nothing to say to you ... no thank you for you advice ! he put the phone down . the phone ring again . Ben pick it up and wait . BEN it 's you , vivier ... I appreciate it ... of course ... not yet ... any thank you . tot sien . he replace the receiver and be about to light he pipe when the phone ring again . BEN Morning , Mr. cloete ... I would like to say ... ( impatiently ) ... Mr. cloete , may I ask what on earth have the picture to do with politics ?... I be sorry Mr. cloete , I have to go . he replace the telephone and walk out of the house . the phone keep ringing . 101 . ext . bester' farm - country - day the farm be a typical transvaal farm cover thousand of acre . in the distance there 's a range of mountain . several cattle be graze , herde by a poorly - clad African and he son , age 8 year . bester and Ben be lean on the wooden fence of the cattle kraal with calve pen in . bester everything be examine in depth in court . BEN do you read the papers , dominee ? be you happy with what come to light ? and be it the magistrate 's work to pretend that the fact which come to light do not exist ? bester be it really fact , Ben ? just then the African " herdboy " walk up to they take off he lattered greasy hat . bester ja ? what be it Tom ? tom ( herdboy ) do the baa want I to bring the bull now ? bester later , tom. tom ( herdboy ) dankie , baa . Tom hurry away . bester I buy a bull last week . BEN I know , Gordon . what they say about he , that he be plotting against the government -- be a downright lie . he be only do what I would have do as a father ; search for he son . bester no one but God can see what 's in we heart . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . continued : bester ( cont 'd ) be not it presumptuous to pretend we can speak for someone else ? BEN have you no faith in you fellow man , dominee ? do not you love you neighbor ? bester ( confront Ben ) wait a minute , instead of criticize blindly , do not you think we have reason to be proud of the judiciary we have ? suppose this have be Russia ; what do you think would have happen then ? BEN what 's the use of reach a court when a handful of people have all the power to decide what be go to be say in that court and by whom ? the one man they allow to speak for himself , that young Archibald chigorimbo , do not he immediately deny everything they force he to say in he statement ? and the girl who speak of she own torture ? customer page 99 missing BEN that do not refer to we situation in this South Africa . do you know what I believe in , dominee , that once in one 's life , just once , one should have enough faith in something to risk everything for it . bester one can gain the world and still lose one 's soul . tea must be ready . bester and Ben walk towards the house still in conversation . 103 . int . dan pienaar school - morning the staff be have coffee during morning break in the staff room . the room have several easy chair , a table with the morning newspaper on it . the wall have picture of South African scene . there be several conversation in afrikaan . this be the first morning since the photograph . Ben walk into the staff room . the conversation stop . everyone look at he with hostility . the teacher all place they cup on the table and quietly file out of the room . Ben pour himself a cup of coffee ; as he take he first sip , cloete look in , see he . he walk in . cloete I hope you do not mind we talk here . BEN I do not mind , Mr. cloete . cloete I will come to the point . you can not imagine how shocked I be by that scandalous photograph in the ossewa . BEN the woman lose she husband , she be shattered with grief . cloete a kaffir woman , du toit. BEN ( angrily ) I can not see that it make any difference . cloete have you go color blind then ? and what about the apartheid law ? we first responsibility as teacher be the reputation of the school , the pupil entrust to we . we have to be a example to they in and out of this school yard . Ben look at he calmly . ( continued ) 104 . continued : cloete I think I have warn you about involve yourself with kaffir . obviously you do not heed my advice . that 's all I have to say for now . cloete walk out of the room . vivier hurry into the room , he be late for he coffee . vivier ' Morning , oom Ben . BEN ( acknowledge greeting ) vivier . vivier ( pour coffee ) private coffee with cloete ? Ben pick up the copy of the ossewa with the photograph and show it to vivier . ext . melanie' home - day Ben stop the car in the bruwer driveway . from the drive seat he search the garden for bruwer . he walk up to the front door and knock , but there 's no reply . he go 'round to the back and find the old man on he knee weed he vegetable garden . BEN good afternoon , Professor . bruwer ( look up ) Melanie be not home . you be ... BEN Ben du toit . you have a nice vegetable garden . bruwer you mean the area or the produce ? BEN both . what plant be this ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : bruwer what 's the world come to ? it 's herb , can not you see ? thyme there , oregano over there , feunel next to the tomato , sage here and rosemary somewhere . poor plant , they be not in they ideal soil or climate . next time , I will bring some soil from the mountain of Zeus . perhaps the old man 's holiness will do the trick . he throw down the small weed - fork . bruwer come , you be just the person to sample my greengage wine . I do not suppose you have ever taste it ? I be sure I be the only person in the country make greengage wine . he lead Ben to the two old chair by the back wall . he enter the kitchen and return with a bottle of greengage wine and two glass . bruwer ( as he pour ) the first bottle this year , and you do not have to tell I if you like it or not . tell I , do you ever study philosophy ? BEN not really . I have read a few book . bruwer ( take a sip ) not bad , in fact quite good . now where be I ... oh , I be go to say after decade of philosophy , I find myself be force back to the earth . do you know , Ben , we be all live in the spell of abstraction . Hitler , apartheid , the great american dream , the lot ? BEN what about Jesus ? bruwer misunderstood . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . continued : bruwer ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the wine ) you do not have to finish it . BEN ( lie ) it 's quite nice . bruwer Melanie have tell I a little about you . it 's not a easy road you have choose . BEN I feel I have no choice . bruwer fart loudly , Ben be take aback , but the Professor continue . bruwer of course you have a choice . damn it . one always have a choice . only thank God you make the choice you do . but all I want to say be , keep you eye open , young man . BEN that 's encourage . bruwer we be both boer , Ben . we know how hard we people work to get a toehold on this land ; it be a good life . now look at the mess . it 's all system and no God ! sooner or later people start believe in they way of life as a absolute : unmutable , fundamental , a precondition . saw it , with my own eye in Germany , a nation run after a idea . sieg heil , sieg heil . I leave there thirty year ago because I could not take it any longer . and now I see it happen in my own country , step by step . terrifyingly predictable . this sickness of the great abstraction . he fart and sip he greengage wine . ( continued ) 107 . continued : Ben be so fascinate by the old man 's conversation he do not react . he be learn form he old afrikaner . BEN what you say be very interesting and important . bruwer take for example the way the government be handle the electorate ; like a bloody donkey . carrot in front and kick at the backside . the carrot be apartheid , dogma . the kick be quite simply , fear . Black peril , red peril , whatever name you want to give it . ( pause ) fear can be a wonderful ally , Ben . I talk too much , I always do with young people , they do not fall asleep to I . BEN ( laugh ) we afrikaner have to stop to turn a blind eye and look around we and at ourselves . bruwer you be right . we still have time . History should teach we about that who regard themselves as the choose people . BEN ( stand up comfort ) Professor bruwer , may I say I have need to hear somebody say some of the thing you say . I still have hope for we country . bruwer if you lose that you have lose everything . I will get back to the earth . BEN ( shaking hand ) thank you . ( continued ) 108 . continued : bruwer I will tell that hot-head daughter of mine that you come to see she . Ben take he leave . int . lewinson's office - day Ben and Dan lewinson be sit opposite , cup of coffee in front of they . BEN there be absolutely no doubt that they be kill in custody . that responsible must be punish , whoever they be , or whatever they rank . lewinson the problem be lay we hand on they . BEN tell I , Dan , we lose at the inquest , what next ? lewinson the family can file a civil claim . BEN what do that entail ? lewinson to put it briefly , it mean we have to have witness , affidavit and any information relate to the arrest and death of Gordon . we also need similar information on Jonathan . you see Ben , for example , stolz figure in both case . that 's one link at least . BEN I know what I have to do . ext . roadside cafe - afternoon it 's lunch time and the work population of jo'burg have pause for lunch . Ben and Melanie be sit at a table outside . the cafe be on the outskirt of a very affluent part of johannesburg . ( continued ) 109 . continued : melanie I do not think you would want to have anything to do with I after that crap in the ossewa . BEN why ? you do not write it . melanie I be a journalist , perhaps tar with the same brush . BEN no . melanie so what happen ? I can imagine . the family , the dominee , colleague , neighbor ... BEN a distort photograph and a few poison word and meneer du toit be a leper . that 's why I call on you the other day , I need to talk to somebody rational . melanie thanks for the compliment . but remember , you be a afrikaner , you be one of they . in they eye they regard you as the worst kind of traitor . BEN you be a afrikaner too , and you article , in a liberal English paper ? melanie my mother be a foreigner , I be not pure , wragte afrikaner . they do not expect the same loyalty from I that they demand from you . BEN what kind of loyalty ? blind loyalty . until the death of Jonathan and Gordon , I give all the loyalty I could give , laager loyalty . you know , Melanie , we afrikaner have always live in we laager , we have not see what 's beyond the mountain . ( continued ) 110 . continued : melanie have it ever occur to you that the volk may be scared to leave the laager ? that 's the downfall of this country . so , where do you go from here ? BEN we carry on . there have to be justice . melanie justice . BEN we lose at the inquest , so we pursue they in a civil action . I consult the attorney Dan lewinson . melanie we know each other well . customer page # be 107 - 110 missing stolz Mr. du toit , if you know what we be work with every day of we life , and what we be up against , you would understand why we have to be so thorough . BEN however you go about it . stolz I can understand you be upset about have you house searched ... but ... BEN I be not think about myself . stolz what be you talk about then , Mr. du toit ? BEN my thought , Captain , I be sure , be a open book to you . ( continued ) 111 . continued : stolz pick up a book of Picasso 's peace painting , start leaf through it carefully , scrutinize each page . he put the Picasso book carefully back in the place he take it from . stolz a interesting book -- Picasso -- not one I be familiar with . BEN not on you list of ban book , Captain ? stolz do not react ... CUT to : int . ben' live room - day the search continue in the live room . Susan be stand pale , rigid , shocked . stolz Mr. du toit . if you be keep anything from we , we can turn this whole house upside down if we want to . we have all the time in the world . susan ( throw Ben a warning dagger look ) I be afraid I do not understand . nothing from stolz . one of the man start to roll up the carpet to look under it . Susan have to move out of he way . BEN ( gently to Susan ) why do not you go upstairs ? stolz I be afraid she have to stay where we can see she -- in case she want to warn someone . susan my father 's a m.p .! warn who ? 112 . continued : ext . dan pienaar school - day all four tire of Ben 's car have be slashed to ribbon . int . ben' garage - day Ben and johan be there . Ben take a file from under a toolbox and measure it carefully against the drawer base . then , he select a piece of wood approximately the size of the drawer and try it for size . we should be in no doubt that 's he 's construct a hide place . int . ben' kitchen - afternoon Susan be prepare a roast . there 's music from a tran - istor radio . Susan be startle by a voice , she father 's ( Ben 's father -in - law ) . she turn off , the radio . father-in -law roast beef , I hope it 's like you mother 's . susan ( happy ) papa ! he be age about 70 year , thick set . she rush to he and he hug she tightly and practically lift she off the floor . she kiss he . susan where 's mama ? she disentangle herself and go to the live room as excited as a child , the mother be stand by two case , smile . Susan hug she . susan mama ! she hold she mother at arm 's length inspect she . susan the perfume and a new hairstyle . mother you father insisted that I do not disgrace you . ( continued ) 113 . continued : susan ( hugging she again ) I expect you a little later . father-in -law she insisted we start early . where be Ben ? johan ( walk in with golf club bag ) in the study . I will get he . father-in -law have you put on weight , Susan ? susan please do not say that , papa . Ben walk in . BEN sorry . do not hear you arrive . he shake hand with Father - in- Law . father-in-law how be you , Ben ? BEN Fine . he go to mother-in - law . he kiss she on the cheek . BEN and how be you , ma ? mother-in-law ( mother ) well , Ben , still have trouble with my foot . BEN why do not everyone sit down ? susan I will prepare some tea . I baked a cake . she go to the kitchen . ext . local golf course - sunset Ben and Father - in - Law be have a drink after a round of golf , outside the club house . ( continued ) 114 . continued : father-in-law I be get tired of the trek to cape town and then back to pretoria . if I have my way , parliament and government would be in the same city . there 's nothing wrong with pretoria . BEN I think you would prefer cape town ; the sea and table Mountain . father-in-law that 's for holiday . anyway , Ben , one of the reason for this visit be that I want to have a discussion with you . BEN what about ? father-in -law it 's that photograph in the papers . Ben , a thing like that could be a embarrassment for someone who be a member of parliament . it 's a grievous day when one 's family 's behavior come between he and he duty to the fatherland . BEN be you blame I for try to help that people ? father-in -law I have be do that all my life , be they black or white . but no member of we family have be see with a kaffir woman before , Ben . Father signal the African waiter for more drink . BEN I be glad you mention it , Father . because I would like to discuss the whole thing with you . first , there 's the matter of Gordon ngubene himself . father-in-law what about he ? I think the case be close . ( continued ) 115 . continued : BEN the inquest do not clear up half of what happen . father-in -law oh , really ? BEN we have no irrefutable evidence yet , but we have enough to indicate that something serious be be cover up . father-in -law you be jump to conclusion , Ben . BEN I know what I be talk about . the black waiter place the drink on the table . father-in -law all right , Ben , I be listen . perhaps I can use my influence . but you will have to convince I first . BEN if they have really nothing to hide , why be the special branch go out of its way to intimidate I . father-in -law ( practically choke ) what 's this about special branch ? BEN they raid the house ; they be tapping my phone , and I have be threaten by one of the officer . father-in -law I be sorry , Ben , I would rather not have anything to do with this sort of thing . BEN why ? father-in-law if the special branch be involved they must have good reason . ( continued ) 116 . continued : BEN it 's exactly what I say , Father , when Jonathan first get into trouble . of course , they have good reason : hush up how Gordon die and how he son die ! father-in -law ( angry ) Ben , how could you side with the enemy of you people ? BEN you mean you be prepare to sit back and allow a injustice to be do . father-in -law ( he face grow purple ) it 's you , Ben , who talk about injustice ? a man who teach history at school ? do you forget what we people have suffer under the English oppressor ? now that we have at along last come to power in we own land . BEN now we be free to do to other what they use to do to we . what will you do if you be a black man in this country today , Father ? father-in-law do not you realize what the government be do for the black ? it 's a slow process , Ben . one of this day the whole bloody lot of they will be free and independent in they own part of the land , the bantoustan -- what can be more just than that ? but they be not ready yet . the waiter return -- Father - in - law pay the bill , and as he rise to leave , he put a paternal arm on Ben 's shoulder . father-in -law we have nothing to be ashamed of before the eye of the world , my boy . ( continued ) 117 . continued : BEN ( stand , he golf bag in he hand ) we do not ? I be not sure we be go to survive . they walk away . father-in-law do not underestimate we , Ben . we power of survival . we be afrikaner ! ext . STREET corner - evening stanley be park in a street corner in the last white suburb on the way to soweto . Ben pull up in he car behind stanley 's . he walk over to stanley 's car and enter the back . stanley smile as he point at he watch . stanley African time . BEN I be sorry . they drive off towards soweto . stanley do not matter , lanie -- as long we be on time for the revolution . BEN the special branch searched my house four day ago . stanley the s.b. search you house ? ( chuckle ) do they take anything ? BEN a few journal , letter -- nothing much . just want to scare I , that 's all . stanley do not be so sure . they may think you be onto something big . BEN they be not that stupid . ( continued ) 118 . continued : stanley laugh . stanley ' lanie ' -- do not you believe it -- nothing 's as stupid as the old s.b . if they decide it 's a bomb they be look for , you can shove a turd in they face and they will swear to God it 's a bomb . he laugh ... make Ben smile . a pause . stanley and do they ? BEN what ? stanley scare you ? BEN no . they try too hard . stanley laugh again . stanley hallelujah ! ( offer he huge hand ) shake , man . join the club . Ben accept the handshake . CUT to : int . ben' live room - night Susan sit on a armchair , sewing . she be aware of a car stop opposite the house . then several young voice shout : " kaffir lover " " kaffer boetie " " Red Communist " the car drive off at speed . Susan sit petrify . CUT to : 119 . int . stanley' car - night Ben and stanley drive in soweto . it 's a different city by night . the dark seem to soften the violence of the confrontation , hide the detail which , by day , assault and insult the eye . there be several gunshot in the distance . the only light come from the small , square window of the innumerable house . stanley do you hear that , lanie ? more kid die ? Ben say nothing . further on there 's a group of people outside a house . as they pass they hear hymn singing from the house . BEN what 's happen ? what 's the sing ? stanley a wake for a child ; eight month old . she be sleep and they throw tear gas into it . they drive on . CUT to : int . emily's house - night Ben , stanley and Emily be sit ' round the table . Ben have pull the lamp closer to read one of two note from Gordon -- one be write on rule paper , the other a square of toilet paper . the note have be smuggle out of John vorster Square . gordon ( v.o. ) ( shakily ) ' my dear wife , you must not worry about I . I miss you and the child . you must look after they in the fear of the Lord . I be hungry , and I do not know what they want from I . but I think I will be home some day . I think about ... ' they be interrupt by a knock at the door . Emily snatch the note and stuff they into she bosom . everyone be tense as Emily slowly walk up to the door . ( continued ) 120 . continued : she open it and a man with a hat and dress as a minute - ister walk in . before anyone can say anything , stanley burst out in a loud laugh . the man be slightly build , age 40 year . he be julius nqakula . stanley on you knee , everyone , prayer time . Ben be perplex . Emily close the door and lock it . stanley hey man , you should have be a mfundisi holiness oozer ... julius ( remove this hat ) okay , stanley . it 's stupid , but one be force to do this thing . he walk up to Ben and offer he he hand . julius I be julius nqakula ... I be ban and also under house arrest . that 's why I have this ridiculous garb on . BEN I understand . stanley he 's one of the most solid lawyer we have ; they have immobilize he , that 's the right word be not it ? he laugh . BEN stanley have tell I about you . I appreciate the risk you be take by come here to meet I . I be read the note Gordon smuggle out of John vorster Square ... julius May I have a glance at they ? Emily produce the note . julius take they . he start read the toilet paper , which be harder to read . ( continued ) 121 . continued : gordon ( v.o. ) ( speak with great difficulty ) ' my dear wife . I be still in this condition ... worse ... and too much pain . they do not want to believe I . you must try to help I . they will not stop . you must care for the child . I do not know anymore if I will come home alive . they be very -- ( a word mumble ) -- but God will provide . I love you and I miss you very much . try to help I because ... ' the voice break off . julius ( to Emily ) when do you get the letter ? emily ( uncomfortable ) the first one two day after they take he away . and the other one come later . BEN but , Emily , why do not you tell I long ago ? emily I have give my word to the man -- who bring they to I -- BEN Emily , I have to meet the man . emily he say he do not want anybody to know who he be . I can not make trouble for he in he work . BEN he have to be persuade . he be very important to we . emily ( to julius ) you as a lawyer will understand . ( more ) ( continued ) 122 . continued : emily ( cont 'd ) we intend start a civil suit against the police , to do that it be necessary to have as many affidavit as we can from people who have any information about Gordon since he be arrest . and this man be vital and so be the indian doctor . julius you mean Dr. hassiem . how be you go to do that ? you know of course that he be detain . BEN I know , with luck they may release he . julius with luck . BEN but , Emily , this man be important , please try to tell he we will protect he identity . no one will know . nothing will be do without he approval . I only want to talk to he . julius why do not you leave it to stanley and I ? what do you say , stanley ? stanley sure . BEN May I call you julius , I be not very good with some African name . stanley ( laugh ) nqakula , that 's a hell of a name . julius please call I julius . BEN this case must be reopen and we must win . we have to dig up everything . we need you cooperation , julius . ( continued ) 123 . continued : julius where do I start ? do not forget my restriction . stanley they do not ban you so you could sit on you backside and have a soweto holiday . BEN you could help with the affidavit . lewinson the lawyer have stress they importance . julius we know each other . he 's a good lawyer for this kind of case . of course I will do what I can . my commitment force I . BEN I be glad . julius how be you plan to safeguard the document ? stanley tell I you have already have a say by the s.b . BEN I would not worry . I have a secure place . stanley let 's hope so . emily I will make some tea . stanley not for I , sis -- too strong for I . no whisky ? emily in my house ? you know better than that , stanley . stanley tea then ... ( turn to julius ) ... and God forgive I -- CUT to : 124 . int . ben' garage - evening Ben be stand by the workbench , the new drawer he and johan build for the toolbox , open before he . he 's reread Gordon 's letter to Emily . sound of approach footstep . Ben quickly put the letter into the drawer and shut it . Susan appear at the door -- she look ten year older . susan Ben , it 's johan . you would better come . int . ben' kitchen - evening johan sit , Ben crouch before he . the boy 's shirt be tear , he eye swollen , he lip cut . he look at the floor . Susan hover . susan he will not tell I why it happen Ben hold he son 's arm , gently . BEN johan . be it because of I ? he do not answer for a moment . then he nod . susan you see ! it 's go too far , Ben . you have get to stop it ... johan ( shouting at he mother ) I do not care ! it do not hurt I ! Susan stare at he , at Ben , turn abruptly , walk out of the room . johan look at he father . johan it be my friend , dad . they be so stupid ... they will not listen . they do not even want to know what you be try to do . he 's cry . BEN be you sure you know ? ( continued ) 125 . continued : johan yes . I know . BEN do it worry you ? johan look at he father through he tear . johan do not stop , dad . you must not give up now ! Ben hug he son . montage the Gordon ngubene name - clean team on the move . a ) BEN in a phone box dial a number . B ) phone ringing , ringing , on a desk full of scattered file and papers . by the phone a photograph of a six - year - old indian girl . C ) close on nurse sound of the phone , a young nurse 's frighten face as she remember peer in at a young boy , struggle and moan ... policeman close the door ... D ) close on she hand signing the affidavit and hand it to a man 's hand . E ) close on Ben in the phone box hang up the phone with rage . F ) close on a young black man 's face listen to julius 's voice : julius ( v.o. ) ... and on the morning of the autopsy , as I be clean the mortuary , Captain stolz give I a bundle of ngubene 's and order I to burn they . ( continued ) 126 . continued : the young man nod . G ) BEN have a look on the two affidavit before hide they into the drawer of the stool box . shot . Three ! loud , sharp , terrifying . int . ben' live room - late evening the window , a lamp and a mirror shatter -- Susan scream , stand , she hand -- clamp over she ear -- eye tight shut -- hysterical -- the television chatter on a afrikaan ' play . Ben burst in , hold she tight , as she scream into he chest . susan ( hysterical ) call the police , Ben , call the police ! johan 's voice come from he room . johan ( o.s. ) papa ! papa ! BEN ( call ) it 's okay , son ... we be all right . everything 's okay ! johan ( o.s. ) what 's happen ? BEN ( shouting ) it 's okay , stay there , please !! gently , he lead Susan who be sobbing now , out of the room . int . kitchen - late evening susan ( in disbelief ) my God . they be try to kill we . she 's seat at the kitchen table . Ben have pour she a brandy which she cup in she hand . BEN they be try to scare we , that 's all . ( continued ) 127 . continued : her fear turn into anger . susan ( scream ) oh , be that all ... what the hell more do you want to happen ... we be ordinary people for God 's sake -- and you have pitch we into this -- this nightmare . I can not take any more , Ben ... I can not take any more !! she drop she head and sob . Ben sit beside she , and take she hand to comfort she . Susan put she head on he shoulder . susan ( in a quiet plead voice ) please , Ben , stop . just stop ... please . Ben be obviously move . he squeeze she hand , then take she in he arm . int . viljoen' office - day the colonel , amiable , cool , behind he desk . a dishev - ell Ben , pitch angrily forward in he chair . viljoen now you must be exaggerate , Mr. du toit . BEN my house have be searched . my phone be tapped . my mail be open . and last night three shot be fire through my window -- close to kill my wife . viljoen react . viljoen Mr. du toit , if shot be fire into you premise , we will investigate . BEN all I want to know , Colonel , be why do not you leave I in peace ? ( continued ) 128 . continued : viljoen now wait , wait a minute , Mr. du toit , you be not try to blame I ? BEN tell I , Colonel , why be it so important to you people to stop my enquiry about Gordon ngubene ? viljoen be that what you be do ? ( he pause ) well , now . if you possess any information that may be of use to we , I trust you will not hesitate to discuss it with I . he lean forward towards Ben , he tone darken . viljoen because if there be fact you be deliberately hide from we , Mr. du toit -- if you give we reason to believe that you may be involved in activity that may be dangerous to both yourself and we -- then I can foresee some problem . BEN be that a threat , Colonel ? viljoen ( smile and sit back ) let 's call it a warning . a friendly warning . for God 's sake , open you eye , Mr. du toit ! do not you see you be be use ! BEN ( sarcastically ) by the Communists , I suppose . Ben get up to go . the colonel do not rise to see he out . BEN Goodbye , Colonel . ( at the door , turn back ) I be sure . he leave . the colonel immediately pick up the phone . 129 . ext . ben' kitchen - early morning a 40 - year-old African woman walk up to Ben 's kitchen door . she knock . Ben open the door in pyjamas and dress - gown . she hand he a note and leave . Ben read the note and go back into the house . ext . STREET in vrededorp - morning vrededorp be a color section of johannesburg . it 's rundown area vacate by white . there be child play - ing in the street . some unemployed man be sit on old chair outside a doorway ; a vendor be serve two woman from he milk churn . Ben drive into the street search for a address . he stop outside a house . as he get out of the car the child and everyone stop to look at he with interest . he walk up to a door and knock . a colored woman appear as the door open . she be young and obviously educate . colored woman Mr. du toit ? Ben nod , hesitatingly . colored woman please , come in . Ben walk into the live / dining room . it 's a very tidy room with a three piece sit room suite , a sideboard with a clock on it . at one end of the room be the dining area . the floor be linoleum and cover with a rug in the middle . stanley be loung on a settee , beer in hand . on the chair next to he a black man in a brown stripe suit , drink orange squash . thirtyish , pleasant face but very tense . he rise as Ben walk in . stanley ( rise and shaking hand with Ben ) how 's it ? no trouble find this place ? you meet sadie . she 's one of we . Ben nod to she . ( continued ) 130 . continued : stanley and this be Johnson seroke . the man of the letter . BEN ( nodd in greeting ) Johnson . sadie ( colored woman ) please sit down , Mr. du toit . a beer , tea or orange squash ? BEN a beer would be nice . sadie go to a cupboard and bring out a bottle of beer and a glass . she open the beer and hand it to Ben . she disappear into the bedroom with a curtain at the door . stanley you know they call this place vrededorp , but we baptize it malay Camp . you first time in malay Camp , lanie ? BEN I have drive through here many time . stanley the main road , eh? BEN ( smile ) ja . the woman re-enter . sadie you will excuse I . stanley , you know what to do with the key . stanley sure , sadie . and thank you . can I help myself to another beer ? sadie you know it be . Goodbye , Mr. du toit , and you , be careful . to the seroke . ( continued ) 131 . continued : seroke ( try to smile ) okay , sadie . sadie leave . stanley that woman can die for you . we must not be long , Johnson have to be back on duty . BEN alright , let 's get on with it . stanley tell I , you work at John vorster Square . seroke I have no choice , they transfer I there . BEN yet you smuggle out letter to Emily ? seroke ( pull the finger of he leave hand one by one crack the joint over and over ) what do you do if a man ask you , and he 's in trouble ? stanley if they find out he would be in very big trouble . BEN I know that . tell I , what do you know about Gordon ? seroke very little . BEN you do talk to he from time to time ? seroke he give I the letter . BEN when be the last time you see he ? ( continued ) 132 . continued : seroke just before he die . BEN do you attend any of the interrogation ? seroke no. I be not a member of the special branch . but once I have to deliver a letter to capt . stolz , Gordon be there . BEN ( concerned ) how be they interrogate he ? seroke hesitates and look at stanley . stanley it 's okay . tell he what you tell I . BEN ( anxious ) what ? seroke they be use the pole . BEN the pole , what 's that ? stanley ( demonstrate ) they handcuff you and manacle you foot then they put a pole between you arm and the back of you knee . then you be like a chicken ready for the oven . they hang you between two table . then they do what they like with you . the s.b. call it the aeroplane . Ben be horrify . BEN I see . who be in that room ? stolz ... seroke Lieutenant venter and a black s.b. ( continued ) 133. continued : BEN you be sure ? stanley he 's sure . BEN ( to himself ) it 's very interesting . when be the last time you see he ? seroke ( nervous ) I see they take the body away to the cell . he be limp . BEN you do ! Johnson , why do you stay with the police ? you do not really belong there . seroke it 's a job . and how can I go away ? I love my family . he jump up and face Ben with a look of anger and panic . seroke they must never know I tell you anything . right ? BEN I understand . I promise . stanley this be strictly between the three of we . do not worry , man . seroke shake hand with they as he 's leave . stanley ( slapping he back ) take it easy . stanley go to the cupboard for another beer . stanley ( o.s. ) a beer , lanie ? BEN ( shouting ) no , thank you . you know , stanley , after what happen the other night I be about to give this whole thing up . ( continued ) 134 . continued : stanley ( intrigue ) what happen , man ? BEN my wife nearly get kill . Three shot be fire into the house . what right have I to expose my family to harassment and actual physical danger ? that 's what I ask myself . stanley Three bloody shot and you crawl on you hand and knee to people like stolz , and say ' I give up . ' what be the beginning for you be a version of what we suffer all we bloody life . shit , I think you have more gut than this , man ! BEN I do not say I be give up . stanley but you think about it . BEN Johnson have revive my determination . stanley it 's a hell of a time , lanie , but we will survive . you and I . I tell you ! BEN you think we may still win in the end , stanley ? stanley of course not , lanie -- but we need not lose either -- what matter be to stick around . Ben nod . stanley by the way , man , I be off on a trip -- botswana -- think I would tell you in case you get worried . BEN why be you go there ? ( continued ) 135 . continued : stanley Business . tell you next week . now for the bad news I have be save to the last . BEN what ? stanley julius have be arrest . he break he ban order and visit he sister . you know what that mean ? at least a year 's imprisonment . BEN a year in jail just for visit he sister ? stanley that 's the chance he take . and he will be the last to complain . BEN do not you think the real reason for this arrest be that they find out he be help we ? stanley so what ? lanie , you be not get guilt complex now , be you ? that 's a luxury only liberal can afford . julius will be back , man . all refresh by a spell in the deep - freeze . BEN how can we shrug off a man we have be work with ? stanley who say we be shrugging he off ? best way of remember a man , lanie , be to carry on fight . int . ben' study - day Ben 's study be in chaos . the book have be pluck from the shelf and the content of he drawer emptied on the floor . Ben stand in the middle of the room surveying the vandalism . 136 . int . bruwer kitchen - afternoon this be a medium -size kitchen with two door lead from it , one to the dining room and the other to the live room . it have not change since it be furnish twenty year ago , the only modern appliance be the electric stove and a modern mixer on the work table . Ben be lean against the wall next to the door lead to the live room , drink coffee . Melanie , bare - foot , she long black hair tie up in a ribbon , be wash up . she look young and fragile with this hair-style . BEN ( smile ) what about you ? melanie what ? BEN I mean not marry ... melanie and live in this chaos with my eccentric father ? I love he and we get on perfectly . we have be together since I be a year old . my mother could not adapt to South Africa . she go back to London and we have never hear from she since . BEN be a professor and bring up a child , how do he manage that ? melanie dorothy , dear dorothy , she be a fantastic mother . in fact she have two family , I and she three child in alexandra township . BEN and this little girl grow up to be a tough journalist . why a journalist ? melanie ( laugh ) sometimes I ask myself the same question . she lean against the sink and pick up she mug of coffee . ( continued ) 137 . continued : melanie alright . I will tell you . I be bring up in a shelter way , not that dad be possessive , not openly anyway . I think he would just see enough of the mess the world be in , to want to protect I as much as he could . then , I go to university . I do not know what you will think ... be a teacher . pause . BEN about what ? melanie then I marry my ex-teacher . BEN oh . he must have be young . melanie Fifteen year difference . he too protect I like dad . then one day I visit dorothy in alexandra and see she home and the appall condition in that township . I be shocked , Ben , and ashamed . BEN go on . Melanie pour he another mug of coffee and start to wipe up . melanie that make I think that I be a parasite , something white and maggot-like ... just a thing ... a sweet and ineffectual thing . I feel more and more claustrophobic . poor Brian , who love and pampere I . have no idea what be happen . I leave he for a whole year and we divorced . BEN and then you become a journalist ? Melanie go to the live room , as she pass Ben she touch he arm and continue talk . ( continued ) 138. continued : melanie ( o.s. ) I think it would force I , or help I , to expose myself . to force I to see and to take notice of what be happen around I . BEN do it work ? she return to the kitchen with a cigarette . melanie I wish I could give you a straight answer . what do help I be my wanderings in Africa . BEN how do you manage that on a South African passport ? we South african be white devil in Africa . melanie my mother be English , remember ? so I get a british passport . it come in handy even for the paper . BEN you really be you father 's daughter ! melanie I wonder what he 's do right now . most likely stand on a rock , look through he old binocular at springbok or a lion or whatever . one of the two large cat approach they , tail in the air , and go to Melanie , drub against she leg , purring luxuriously . she pick it up into she arm . BEN how often do he go on this trip to the veldt ? melanie it depend -- ( approach Ben with cat ) -- bonjour , ben. I be porto and my friend be bello ! Ben smile and start to caress porto in Melanie 's arm . 139 . ext . soweto - emily's house - mid - morning park outside the house be a municipality truck already half - laden with Emily 's furniture and possession . four african in khaki overall be load the truck -- super - vise the eviction of Emily be a white soweto official , Captain stolz and Lt. venter . in the b.g. , a hundred yard away be a " hippo " with black and white armed policeman . behind the truck be two police land rover . Emily be sit outside on one of she chair as neighbor walk up to she to comfort she and say they goodby . her daughter be carry the youngest child and stand next to Emily -- several child be watch . a woman in the crowd start sing a freedom song : " umzima lomthwalo " ( " this burden be heavy " ) . the song be take up by the other woman . venter try to stop they and disperse they . stolz signal to he to leave they alone . one of the african then walk up to she for the chair . she refuse to get off the chair . the man look at the white official as though to ask " what do I do . " the official look at stolz . venter walk up to Emily and , about to pull she off the chair . emily do not you touch I ! venter pull back . the woman start to ululate . Emily rise majestically , take the youngest in she arm and walk slowly to the truck follow by she daughter . people cluster around she , sing with rage and shaking she hand . stolz observe the scene , impassive . woman ( v.o. ) come back ! buya ! crowd ( shout ) buya ! buya ! Emily and the child be help onto the back of the truck which drive away precede by the police " hippo " and escort from the rear by the land rover . the crowd continue sing . ext . STREET - morning Ben be leave he home . this be a Saturday morning . two man be sit in a car a few yard from the entrance to the house . Ben do not pay attention to they . when he be about twenty yard past , one of the man , jaimie -- who be present when Gordon be arrest -- get out of the car and follow Ben . Ben stop at a corner for a car and again the footstep stop . ( continued ) 140 . continued : he turn furtively and see the man , stop , turn he head . Ben decide to turn the corner , and listen to the footstep . the man be still follow . Ben then decide to turn right back to have a good look at the man . they pass each other and Ben take a good look at he and turn back onto the street to the local shop . the man decide not to follow . int . ben' study - night Ben and stanley sit . Ben on he desk . stanley in a armchair with a drink . they look perplex . stanley ( irritate ) she 's a widow , man . that 's what happen in soweto when a woman lose she man . they throw she out of the house and out of the city . BEN ( disgust ) Zululand ! the whole thing smell of be a excuse to send she hundred of mile from the case . and how will they live there ?... stanley shit ! I be about to find she a place , but I have to go to look for Robert . BEN so , that 's why you go to botswana for . stanley sis Emily ask I but it be no use . his mind be make up . he be go to join Wellington in Zambia . BEN could not you stop he ? he 's a little boy , stanley ! stanley gulp down he whisky and stand up . stanley ( focus Ben in the eye ) he will be back in a few year . and he will not be throw stone ! then , put the empty glass on the desk . 141 . int . / ext . stanley' house - evening stanley peer through the curtain : he see a car park outside the house . in it jaimie and another s.b . they be watch the house . stanley quietly open the door and walk outside . ext . stanley' house - evening stanley walk past he car and approach the policeman . stanley ( use he usual humor ) good evening . I would like to invite you into my humble home , but it 's full of terrorist . the two policeman get out of they car , obviously angry . jaimie ( point at stanley 's car ) open the boot ! you cheeky bastard ! stanley okay , with pleasure . they search and find nothing . jaimie open the door and remove the seat . stanley execute the order . jaimie and the other police - man peer in , they eye sweeping the car . other policeman now , you pass , bliksem . stanley produce he passbook and hand it to the Police - man who inspect the page laboriously , then throw the book to the ground . stanley do not pick it up and just watch the man . jaimie you watch you bloody step ! right ? they return to they car and drive off . stanley look at they thoughtfully , then pick up he book . ext . dan pienaar school - morning all the student be in class . cloete walk out of a classroom and see capt . stolz walk towards the build - ing . cloete stop to wait for he . they shake hand and walk to cloete 's office talk affably . they enter office . 142. int . ben' bedroom - night Ben and Susan in bed , asleep . the phone ring ... waking they both . Ben answer . there 's no one there . he put it down . the ringing start again . Ben put the be - ceiver down . susan ( calmly ) Ben , please stop whilst there 's time . please , ben. BEN ( focus on ceiling ) it 's impossible to stop now , Susan . I believe I be right in what I be do . if I stop now I will go mad . susan ( despair ) whatever the price you pay for it ? BEN ( painfully ) I have get to . Susan shut she eye tight and turn she back on he to hide she tear . dissolve to : int . cloete' office - late afternoon it 's a functional office . picture of the South African president ( 1976 ) John vorster , on the wall . various staff picture ... Ben , summon by cloete , sit . cloete think of you heritage , man . my God -- think of you wife , you family , friend , neighbor . what 's go to happen to they -- all of we -- if we can not depend on we own kind ? we be educationalist -- teacher . we be building for the future . BEN without simple justice we do not deserve a future . cloete we be boer , man -- afrikaner . we be you nation . what 's justice for we be justice -- period ! ( more ) ( continued ) 143. continued : cloete ( cont 'd ) traitors like you be threaten century of afrikaner sacrifice . BEN that last remark be slanderous -- I be simply be faithful to the truth . cloete slanderous ? my God , man , you slander a whole people . he walk silently through the office then continue . cloete you have give I no alternative . I have to abide by the regulation of the Department of Education -- so I have make my report . and there will have to be a formal inquiry . but until such time ... BEN ( rise ) it will not be necessary , Mr. cloete . I will send you my resignation . cloete thank you for make thing much easier . Ben stare at he for a moment , then turn to leave . as he reach the door , cloete say : cloete and it would be better if johan leave too . Ben turn to stare at he , amaze . BEN be you serious ? cloete he 's a kaffir-lover too , be not he ? the color drain from Ben 's face . then he step forward , slap cloete thunderously across the face , hurl he back into he chair , and stride out , leave the door ajar . 144 . ext . school yard - late afternoon it 's the end of the school day . the yard be practically desert . only vivier wait for Ben under the veranda . Ben appear . vivier oom Ben , I be wait for you . I have something interesting to tell you . BEN ( stride on towards he car ) later , vivier . vivier ( keep up ) but , oom Ben , it 's about the s.b. they come to question I . before they start question I I tell they they be waste they time . Ben do not react . vivier they ask if I be cooperate with you . what I know about the a.n.c . can you imagine that ! they then say : ' Mr. vivier you come from a good afrikaan family and it 's important that you realize that communist be look for people like you and before you know where you be they be use you ! and , oom Ben ... BEN ( reach the car ; interrupt he ) I be sorry , vivier . I never want you to get involved . ( get into he car ) I have just resign . vivier ( amaze ) what ...? Ben drive away . 145 . int . ben' dine room - afternoon Christmas day lunch . assemble around the table be Ben 's Father - in -law , he wife helen , suzette and Chris , she husband , johan , Ben and Susan . they be all wear paper hat from Christmas cracker . on the table be a large piece of roast lamb , ox tongue , a large turkey and assort vegetable . Ben be at the head of the table adjacent to the door lead - ing to the kitchen , the Father - in - law be sit by he side face the door . Ben be in the middle of carve the turkey , plate be be pass to he . johan be last year 's turkey as big as this , papa ? BEN about the same size . suzette do you remember the turkey I have for Easter ? you say it be as big as a baby ostrich , papa . BEN I do not remember that , suzette . father-in -law you know , johan , when I be a boy in the karoo , we use to fry ostrich egg . you know how big they be ? johan ( laugh ) as big as this table . BEN ( to Father - in - law ) I think he deserve the parson 's nose for that remark . they laugh . Susan laugh . she do she best to compose . suddenly ... a knock at the outside kitchen door . as Ben turn towards the door it open and ... int . ben' kitchen - afternoon ... stanley erupt into the kitchen like a great black bull in white suit and white shoe . a scarlet tie be match by a huge handkerchief hang from he pocket . he be a little drunk . ( continued ) 146 . continued : stanley ( obviously surprised by this family scene ) oh ! ( then grin and laugh thunderously ) merry Christmas , everyone ! there 's deadly quiet -- not even the clink of a spoon -- as the du toit look on aghast . slowly , as if in a dream , Ben rise and go to stanley who spot he . stanley ' lanie ' ... compliment of the season , old mate . BEN stanley . what be you do here ? before stanley answer , the Father - in - law get up from he chair and go to the kitchen . father-in -law who 's this kaffir , Ben ? stanley ( shocked ) why do not you tell the boer who this kaffir be ? BEN shut up , stanley . ( to Father -in - law ) that 's all right . I will ... father-in -law ( quivering with rage ) a kaffir call I a boer ? Chris hurry into the kitchen ready for a fight . CHRIS Ben , do you hear that ? call the police , Ben ! BEN ( to Father - in - law ) please , go to the table . ( to stanley ) stanley , wait outside . ( continued ) 147 . continued : stanley ( fume ) who be this people , anyway ? BEN stanley , this be still my house . CHRIS let I throw he out . Ben step between they and push Chris back into the dining room . stanley ( laugh ) let he try , leave he , lanie . BEN ( to Father - in - law ) please leave I with he . I will explain everything later . father-in -law nothing have change in this house . mother , let 's go ! he stride into the dining room . int . dine room - afternoon Susan sit with she eye tight shut -- try to shut out the horror of it all . as the Father - in - law go into the live room , he pull back he wife 's chair and help she to she foot . father-in -law ( to he wife ) let 's leave this house . I have be swear at by a kaffir and Ben protect he . suzette ( follow ) Chris ! Chris follow . Susan also . from the live room , she call johan who be leave alone at the table , perplex . johan go to he mother . there 's a general rush for the door and , without warning , the room be empty . only the tin angel tinkle merrily around they candle . ( continued ) 148. int . kitchen - afternoon stanley ( with cascade laughter ) lanie ! ever in you fuck life see such a stampede , hah ? BEN ( furious ) maybe you think it 's funny , stanley , but I do not . do you realize what you have do ? ( he sigh deeply ) come into the dining room . stanley follow Ben slowly , sway . stanley ( chuckle ) jeez , who be that old cunt with the potbelly and black suit , look like a undertaker ? int . dine - room - afternoon Ben sit on he chair . BEN my father - in-law. ( deliberately ) m.p. stanley ( sit beside Ben ) you joke ! ( he laugh ) shit ! I fuck it all up for you . sorry , man . he laugh again . Ben can not take it anymore . BEN now pull yourself together , stanley . it 's not funny at all ! what 's the matter with you today ? you be drunk and make a idiot of yourself . say what you have come to say . otherwise , go to hell ! stanley 's laughter change into a broad grin . he sur - vey the table and take a bit of turkey from a plate and start to eat it quietly . ( continued ) 149 . continued : stanley ( after a pause ) right . Dead right . put the kaffir in he place . Ben grab he by the shoulder and start to shake he . BEN bloody hell ! stanley , what 's wrong with you ? stanley shove Ben off , and glare at he , bloodshot eye breathe heavily . stanley Emily be dead . Ben stare at he in stunne disbelief . BEN Emily dead ? how ? when ? stanley do not answer - he cry . Ben grab he by the shoulder and shake he . BEN what happen , stanley ? oh , my God . please tell I . stanley ( between two sob ) a break heart . all they say . Ben 's hand still on stanley 's shoulder , he sit slowly beside he , shake , he face ravage by the news . BEN God . through the window , he see suzette and Chris carry suitcase , back down the path to he in - law ' car ; Father - in - Law shepherd he wife and a ashen , daze Susan , help they into the car . as they leave see johan lean against the dining room door , watch he father and stanley . int . bruwer house - live room - late evening a very tense Ben be sit on Professor bruwer 's chair . Melanie be curl up on the old settee . ( continued ) 150 . continued : melanie they do not know what you have get and you be a danger to they . I know there 's a point of no return , but with we system , one have to plot the route with care . BEN that 's the main reason for come here tonight . Melanie , I need you help . without Emily , we can not pursue we civil suit . the only thing leave open to we be to expose they through the press , and the media here and abroad . melanie and you safety also , Ben , lie in the press . ( pause ) that way the world will know the brutality and power of we security service ; here question can be ask in parliament . and the white public can appreciate the implication of the fascist law of this country . BEN you know , Melanie , I be discover that the enemy be not in soweto . the enemy be ourselves . we bigotry , we law , we system . we have we own fight and it 's just beginning . melanie we better win before the black have win . Ben and Melanie laugh . BEN now , before go to the press , I have to have all the document . I must have two vital affidavit ; Dr. hassiem 's , he 's detain and Jonathan 's friend , Wellington have fle to Zambia . melanie Zambia ? I be go to rhodesia ... I can go to Zambia . ( continued ) 151 . continued : BEN ( surprised ) could you ? melanie and I can use my british passport . I know my way around lusaka . BEN that would be very useful . Melanie jump off the settee . melanie this call for a drink . gin and tonic ? BEN please . as Melanie walk away , Ben look at she with admiration and tenderness ... she dress swinging around she leg ... she bare foot soundless on the floor ... the quiet grace of she movement . on the way to the kitchen to get the drink , Melanie go to the record player . there 's a record already on the turntable . suddenly as if rise from a dream , Ben murmur : BEN Melanie . be careful . melanie ( as she play the record and flippantly ) of course , Ben . she go into the kitchen . as Melanie hum to herself to the blue music , in the kitchen , Ben walk over to the window and furtively glance out , to assure himself that nobody be watch . he take then a book on a pile next to the settee and page slowly through it . Melanie return with two glass , still in she happy mood . she place Ben 's glass on the side table next to the settee , take the book from he and make he sit down . ( continued ) 152 . continued : melanie cheer ! Ben raise he glass and touch it with hers . BEN do be careful . I would not want you hurt . she reach for he hand . melanie ( with gentleness ) do not worry . BEN and hurry back . a new track start on the record . melanie ( excited ) that 's my favorite , Ben . jumping up and take Ben 's glass and place it on the side table , she pull he to he foot . BEN I can not dance . melanie rugger player ? they laugh as they start to dance to the slow blue music . the laugh subside as they hold each other closer . the dance start to lose the beat of the music . they look into each other 's eye and Ben envel - op she tenderly in he arm hugging she as close as possible against he . they stop dance . Ben kiss she . a long , warm and tender kiss . int . melanie' bedroom Ben and Melanie in bed . he be kissing she and fondle she passionately . during the love play , Ben reach for the lightswitch of the bedside lamp , and knock it over . they make love . 153 . int . local supermarket - morning Ben be shopping at the local supermarket . he be push a trolley . as he place some grocery into he trolley , he notice a man stand near the check - out counter . the man be similar build as Jamie and similar hairstyle . he 's read a newspaper , he face conceal . Ben drop the package he be inspect , back on the shelf and push he trolley towards the man to try and see he face . the man move away . Ben follow he and have decide to confront he . man pick up a pack of ham . Ben be about to remonstrate with he . BEN listen , you ... just then a lady and she daughter hurry to the man , push - ing a trolley . man turn to look at Ben . woman darling , put that down , it 's not good for you cholesterol . BEN ( to the man ) I be sorry , my mistake . he push he trolley away embarrassed . ext . suzette' house - swimming pool - day the immaculate blue of the pool . johan hurl himself out of the water , flop down at the side . suzette and Ben nearby , sit in the sun . pieter at the barbecue , sizzling thick steak . a servant in white uniform soundlessly lay the table on the patio behind he . the nanny with the baby in the shade . BEN -- how 's she do ? suzette better ... she 's wait for you to ask she to come home . BEN I doubt it . ( continued ) 154 . continued : she turn to Ben , squinting in the sun . suzette papa , I do not want to interfere ... BEN then do not . a pause . suzette I know this be go to sound strange come from I ... I mean I have not exactly be supportive for the past month ... I can not say I agree with what you have do but I respect you for what you be ... on johan listen . suzette I be just ... destroy by what 's happen to we as a family . BEN suzette ... suzette ( interrupt , squeezing he arm . ) please , papa , for Mom 's sake ... for all of we sake ... let 's try and patch it up . Ben smile sadly at she ... suzette understand . johan look at they . mix to : ext . suzette' house - later Ben and johan in the car . suzette lean in through the driver 's window . suzette let I know if there 's anything I can do to help . BEN thanks . I be glad you understand . ( continued ) 155 . continued : suzette I do not want to worry about you . that search , this vandalism , that shot ... they be really after the evidence you have be accumulate ... can I look after they for you , papa ? Ben smile . BEN you do not have to worry . they will never find they . suzette ( smile ) where on earth do you keep they ? on johan look at suzette then at Ben with concern . ext . indian TOWNSHIP - day Ben have park he car in a street corner of the upmarket section of the asian township . he peer around he , then walk away . Ben knock at a door . the door be open cautiously by dr . hassiem , a tall , handsome indian , age 35 year . his clothes be casual but expensive . his six - year- old daughter , large dark eye , be cling to he leg . we recognize the little girl of the photograph near the telephone , from earlier . BEN Dr. hassiem ? I be Ben du toit . I be a friend of Gordon ngubene 's ... dr . hassiem ( raise he hand ) the inquest be over , Mr. du toit . BEN not for I , Doctor . I have get to know what happen to Gordon . Dr. hassiem look shaky , nervous . dr . hassiem I only come home yesterday . after three month in detention and now I be ban and confine to the house . there 's nothing I can do for you . ( continued ) 156 . continued : the little girl still cling to he leg , watch ben. BEN I know it may be painful to you , Doctor , but I need to talk to you . dr . hassiem how can I be sure you be not actually send by they ? BEN ask Emily . Doctor , we be in the process of filing a civil claim . and you help be vital . hassiem give Ben a long look . he pick up he daughter and open the door fully . dr . hassiem come in . Ben walk into the large live room , tastefully furnish . dr . hassiem sit down . Ben be still look ' round at the opulence . he sit in a chair . BEN thank you for invite I in . dr . hassiem ( the little girl on he knee ) what do you want to know ? BEN just one thing , Doctor . why do you sign the State pathologist 's report on the autopsy if you draw up you own report as well ? dr . hassiem ( disconcert ) what make you think I sign Dr. jansen 's report . BEN the report produce in court have both you signature on it . ( continued ) 157 . continued : dr . hassiem impossible . BEN what do you write in you report ? dr . hassiem Dr. jansen and I do not disagree on the fact . after all we examine the same body in the same time . but just on the interpretation . for example , if Gordon , have really be hang , the mark on he throat would have be concentrate on the front . ( he touch he larynx ) but in this case , the bruise be more obvious on the side . pause . Ben nod , silent . dr . hassiem something else really upset I , perhaps it be not important . BEN what be it ? Dr. hassiem put down he daughter . dr . hassiem ( lean forward ) you see , through a misunderstanding I arrive at the morgue too early for the autopsy . there be not a soul around except a young African attendant . when I tell he I would come for the autopsy , he let I in . the body be on the table dress . I notice blood on the clothes . BEN and then ? dr . hassiem as I examine the clothes more closely , a police - officer come in and say I be not allow in the morgue before Dr. jansen arrive . when I return with Dr. jansen , half a hour later , the body be naked . ( continued ) 158 . continued : BEN ( excited ) Doctor , we have already get the African attendant 's affidavit . he testify that capt . stolz order he to burn the clothes . ( pause ) do you mention what you say in you report ? dr . hassiem of course . I find it most odd . BEN Doctor hassiem would you be prepare to put that in write ? Dr. hassiem think it over for a while then : dr . hassiem please excuse I for a minute . Ben watch he leave the room , the little girl follow he . he get up from the chair , walk to the window , glance through it , then step to look at some family photograph on the mantlepiece . amongst they a photograph of Dr. hassiem before " Big Ben . " Dr. hassiem return with a file , the daughter still follow . dr . hassiem ( open the file ) this be my report . I only have one copy . BEN ( astound ) you have a copy of the report ? hassiem grin . dr . hassiem I know how to hide thing from the s.b. , Mr. du toit . Ben congratulate he by a deep laughter . CUT to : int . hassiem office - day Ben and Dr. hassiem work as a team , tape the type - write sheet of the report among a rand Daily mail newspaper page at the back . ( continued ) 159 . continued : on Dr. hassiem 's desk we recognize next to the phone , the little girl 's photograph . dr . hassiem I hope you have as secure a place as I have . BEN ( with a accomplice smile ) I think so . int . build in construction - late afternoon a multi-story building half -built . stanley stand on the fourth floor watch Ben 's arrival . Ben search for stanley who draw Ben 's attention ; beckon he up . Ben indicate they meet halfway . he join stanley who 's sit on a pile of brick . stanley ( with expansive gesture ) take a pew , man . BEN ( sit and excited ) we have it , stanley ! stanley have what ? BEN hassiem 's report . you know what that mean , stanley ? Melanie arrive in two day . we will have all the evidence . everything be in place . we will get they yet , especially stolz . stanley that 's fantastic , man . stanley produce from he jacket pocket a newspaper -- rand Daily mail . he open it on a certain page with the picture of a African in police uniform , and hand it to Ben . BEN ( shocked ) God ! it 's Johnson seroke . ( continued ) 160 . continued : stanley late at night . a knock on the door . he open and five shot , point-blank range . face , chest , stomach . BEN ( read ) 'a police spokesman when question say : " it 's not the first time that a black member of the police have lose he life in the service of he country , fight terrorism . " ( fold paper in disgust ) bloody bastard ! they kill he . stolz must have think he know too much . stanley what 's the score ? the nurse be detain ; the mortuary attendant have disappear ; the police van driver who bring Jonathan to hospital be detain . julius be in jail , and now Johnson dead . BEN who 's next on they secret list , I wonder ? how much longer must the list grow of that who pay the price of we effort to clear Gordon 's name . stanley hey ! be you go soft , lanie ? we must keep go even more so now . and for every bloke who 's go to die of bloody natural cause in they hand . and for we child 's future . BEN I know . if I can no longer believe that right be on my side , if I can no longer believe in imperative to go on , what will become of I , stanley ? Ben look at Johnson 's picture again and shake he head . int . ben' study - day a 8x10 black and white photograph on Ben 's desk . ( continued ) 161 . continued : on the photograph a naked man and a girl on a bed and a bedside lamp on its side . the man be Ben and the girl be Melanie . stolz in sport jacket , stand next to the desk be speak ... patronize . stolz we be all make of flesh and blood , Mr. du toit -- we have all get we flaw . and if a man like to sample the grass on the other side of the fence , well , that 's he own business . but it would be unpleasant if people find out about it , especially if he 's a teacher . BEN you mean , if I cooperate , if I stop digging , embarrassing you , threaten you ... this photograph will disappear . stolz let 's just say I may be able to use my influence to make sure that a private indiscretion be not use against you . BEN suppose I refuse ? stolz look past ben. stolz be this you son ? Ben whirl around to see johan at the door . he shoot , put himself between the photograph and he son obviously surprised to find capt . stolz there . BEN johan , leave we alone , please . johan walk away . stolz do not you think this business have go long enough ? Ben , struggle to maintain he composure . ( continued ) 162. continued : BEN that 's for you people to decide . be not it ? I will not be blackmail , Captain -- not even by you . stolz mind if I smoke ? Ben answer by a gesture . stolz ( after lighting he cigarette ) now be honest . have all the evidence you have be collect in connection with Gordon ngubene bring you closer to the truth you be look for ? BEN yes , I think so and there 's more to come . a pause . stolz I really hope we could talk man-to-man . BEN it 's not possible , Captain . not between you and I . stolz it 's high time , Mr. du toit , we allow the dead to rest in peace . I be offer you a chance . BEN you mean my very last chance ? stolz one never know . it may not be important to you , but we have to survive . BEN if we can only survive through murder and torture , then we have forfeit we right to exist . slowly and deliberately stolz stub out he cigarette in the ashtray . ( continued ) 163. continued : stolz be that you final answer ? BEN before you go . I will tell this , Captain . I have a pretty good idea of what I will eventually uncover . I mean the truth . and I will not allow anyone or anything to come between I and that truth . Ben walk up to the door to see he out . there 's no response from stolz . he calmly take a small card out of he pocket and rest it on Ben 's desk . stolz here 's my card -- my private line . if you should change you mind ... let 's say before the end of the week ? BEN Goodbye , Captain , and do not forgt the photograph . stolz pick up the photograph and put it into he briefcase . stolz ( leave ) be careful , Mr. du toit . there be people who can make thing very difficult for you . BEN they be waste they time . they just can not hurt I anymore . I trust you will give they the message , Captain . he walk out . Ben follow he 'round the garage and watch he get into he car and drive away . johan join he father . johan ( mischievous ) a brandy , papa ? BEN ( smile back , ruffling he hair ) a gin and tonic would be fine . 164 . int . jan smut airport - day Ben and johan be stand in the public enclosure on the top floor of the airport building . Ben be unshave , he look tired , but happy . there be the usual bustle of airport staff for the step and luggage , two - third of the staff be black . passenger emerge from the plane Melanie amongst they . some wave to friend and relative on the public en- closure . Melanie stop momentarily and look up at the enclosure . she see Ben and johan and wave at they . they wave back and Ben indicate they will be wait for she below . she walk off as they happily await she after the ususal formality . int . jan smut airport - day Ben and johan be wait outside the arrival exit . several passenger stream out , some be meet . eventually there be a trickle of passenger . a indian woman be one of the last to come out . Ben approach she . BEN Excuse I , I be wait for a lady with a red dress . be there still , many people to come ? indian woman I do see she . she be ahead of I . maybe she 's still in there . BEN thank you . just then a official walk out of the door . Ben hurry to he . BEN Excuse I . official can I help you ? BEN I be wait for a passenger , miss bruwer . she 's take a rather long time to be clear . official what do you say she name be ? BEN Melanie bruwer . official I will go and check . ( continued ) 165 . continued : the official hurry back . johan be there any other exit , papa ? BEN no . they have to collect they luggage and pass through custom . johan ( joke ) maybe she can not find she bag . BEN ( smilng back ) that 's possble . just then stolz appear through the door . he slowly walk up to Ben and johan . Ben become apprehensive . stolz afternoon , meneer du toit . johan , be not it ? ruffling he hair ; johan pull away and glaring at he . BEN what now , Captain ? stolz Word come to I that you be ask after you very good friend , miss bruwer . you know , subersive come in all guise and can be very resourceful . now let 's take you friend , she have be use she privilege as a journalist to endanger the security of this country . but you know something else ? she have be secretly hold a british passport . a South African passport and a british pasport . now you tell I , where be she patriotism ? her allegiance ? the minister telex to the immigration officer here declare she a undesirable immigrant . so she be be put on the first available plane to London . this must be heart - break for you . good afternoon , meneer du toit , johan . stolz walk back . ( continued ) 166 . continued : BEN ( quietly ) let 's go home , johan . johan I do not understand , papa ... BEN ( stride ) I will explain later . they hurry out of the building in silence . ext . ben' house - day Ben and johan arrive at the house . a unsympathetic small crowd be there wait ... they react , murmure in afrikaan , watch they with hostility as Ben and johan get out of the car and discover the chaos . the wreckage . the garage and Ben 's study have be bomb . johan leave Ben and rush to the house . the crowd start to disperse . the entire tool cupboard have be methodically rip apart and the content strewn on the garage floor . everything be half -burnt ... char ... Ben have sink onto the stool in total defeat . there 's silence . then johan appear at the door . he hand Ben a large envelope -- in it , the file with all the papers . Ben look up at johan . johan ( very proud ) I take it out . hide it in my secret place . Ben grab he son , hug he and hold on for dear life . BEN thank you , son . you do a man 's job . CUT to : int . ben' study - day Ben be sit at the kitchen table . ( continued ) 167 . continued : before he , scattered on the table : the affidavit he collect , the hassiem report , cutting of article by Melanie in the rand Daily mail about Jonathan , newspaper picture of Gordon , of seroke , of himself with Emily , the half - burnt " peace painting " of Picasso , half - burnt photo of Ben with suzette , a staff photograph , Ben amongst it , and a char trophy . Ben start put material relevent to he inquiry into a large brown envelope . johan enter kitchen with a large envelope and hand it to he father . johan somebody have drop it through the door . BEN thank you . johan ( leave ) I be nearly ready , papa . Ben examine the unstamp envelope with he address , with curiosity then open it . the content be Wellington 's affidavit . BEN ( happy ) Wellington 's affidavit ! he look inside the envelope , expect a personal note . there 's none . BEN ( to himself ) good old Melanie ! CUT to : int . johan' bedroom - day johan be pack he sport kit and few clothes into a bag . CUT to : ext . ben' house - driveway - day Ben and johan be walk towards the entrance , johan wheeling he bike . Ben hug he son . ( continued ) 168. continued : johan get on the bike and ride out . CUT to : int . ben' kitchen - day Ben be pour coffee . he look tired and tense . the phone ring in the live room . he hurry to answer it . who know , could be Melanie from the airport ! int . live room - day Ben pick up the phone . a menace male voice say : male ( v.o. ) meneer du toit , tonight we be come to kill you . Ben replace the receiver obviously shake . he become aware of footstep approach the kitchen . Ben be terrify . a knock at the door and the door swing open : it 's stanley . stanley ( anxious ) what 's happen , man ? BEN ( obviously still scared ) it 's you . it be a bomb . stanley and the papers ? BEN do not worry . safe . thanks to johan . incidentally , I have Wellington 's affidavit . Melanie find he . she 's be deport . the official reason be that she possess a british passport . I do not know how she manage to smuggle the envelope to I . stanley man , it 's all happen ! stanley walk out , glance at the devastate study . he reenter the kitchen and slam on a chair . he take a packet of " lucky Strike " from he pocket and offer it to Ben ( continued ) 169 . continued : stanley like a joint ? BEN no , thanks . stanley light a cigarette and survey the table . he pick up the half - burnt Picasso book , give it a brief glance , and toss it back on the table and start to chuckle . BEN ( surprised ) what 's so funny ? stanley ( still chuckle ) they drop the bomb on you ! Ben walk up to he put he hand on he shoulder . there 's a understanding trace of a smile on he face . int . cafe - day Ben sit in a cafe smoking he pipe . a waiter serve he a glass of beer , for which he pay . CUT to : ext . johannesburg STREET - day it 's raining . stanley drive in the rain on the same road as johan . CUT to : ext . cafe - passengers ' Pov from parked car - day suzette 's sport car pull up outside the cafe where Ben be wait . CUT to : int . cafe - day Ben rise as suzette join he at he table . they kiss and she sit opposite he . BEN ( look at she straight in the eye ) how be you , suzette ? ( continued ) 170 . continued : suzette ( in a soft voice ) okay , papa . BEN would you like a drink ? suzette no , thanks . without take he eye off she , he take a brown envelope from a chair and push it slowly towards the uncomfor - table suzette . she pick up the envelope . suzette ( rise ) I have to go , papa . BEN ( look out ) I know . suzette awkwardly kiss he on the cheek . BEN look after they . suzette look at he for a moment and hurry to she car . as suzette leave , Ben turn back into the room , he eye glassy with tear . CUT to : ext . STREET cafe - day suzette get into she car and drive off . the park car follow . the two car turn at the next corner . ext . quiet STREET the two car approach follow each other . as the second car overtake , he draw suzette 's attention with he horn and signal she to pull up . as she get out of she car hold the brown envelope , capt . stolz get out of the other side . suzette walk over to the passenger : Colonel viljoen . viljoen ( smile ) I see you get the goody . ( continued ) 171 . continued : suzette ( happily ) I be on my way to you office , Colonel . stolz we think we would save you the trouble , Mrs. klopper . she hand viljoen the envelope . suzette here it be , Colonel . viljoen thank you . this country need more people like you . suzette I must hurry , Colonel . Goodbye . she drive off . CUT to : int . captain stolz car - day stolz get into the car as Colonel viljoen start open - ing the brown envelope . viljoen now let 's see what we have get . CUT to : ext . rand DAILY mail build - day stanley be park near the building . he 's drum on the steering wheel to the rhythm of african music from he car radio . CUT to : int . stolz car - day viljoen have just finish open the brown envelope . he pull out the half - burnt Picasso book and Captain stolz 's card which he give to Ben . on the card be write : " apartheid must go " tot siens ( goodbye ) ( continued ) 172 . continued : Ben du toit viljoen the bastard ! CUT to : ext . rand DAILY mail build - day johan hurry out of the building and be about to get on he bike . his attention be draw by stanley 's familiar hooter . johan turn , see stanley , and with a grin make thumb - up sign which happy stanley return with he large thumb . johan cycle away follow by stanley . CUT to : int . cafe - day Ben look at he watch . he go to the cash desk and pay . he walk slowly out of the cafe . stands at the door to find he car key ; the rain have emptied the street . Ben turn up he collar and wait for a break in the traffic . CUT to : ext . STREET - day Captain stolz alone in the car . he drive around the corner into the cafe street . just then , Ben be hurry across the road to he car . Captain stolz see he , accelerate and hit Ben , hurl he high into the air . and speed away . people rush to Ben 's side ... crowd quietly gather . freeze frame and ... slow dissolve to black :