a fantastic woman screenplay by sebastian lelio gonzalo maza open title - iguazu waterfalls int . sauna - downtown santiago -- day 1 orlando ( 57 ) , in a steamy room lie on a bed bare - chest , in a old - fashioned sauna . int . sauna - downtown santiago -- day 2 Orlando lie face down on a massage bed . a masseur begin to massage he back . int . sauna - stair -- day 3 Orlando already dress , go up the stair and leave the sauna . on the glass window of it , we can see a neon sign that read its name : '' finlandia '' . he walk the street of santiago . int . print shop - orlando' office -- day 4 Orlando sit on he desk call she secretary , they talk on speaker phone . orlando monica ... have you see a big white envelope that be sit here on my desk ? monica no , sr. I have n~t see it . orlando thank you . he hang up the phone . ext . parking lot - orlando 's car -- day 5 Orlando look for the envelope on the car 's glove box , no luck . he go to the trunk of the car , go through magazine and box , the envelope be not there . int . HOTEL —- hallway -- night 6 Orlando cross the lobby of a middle - range hotel and head to the front desk . orlando hello . receptionist good afternoon . orlando could I bother you for a piece of paper and a envelope ? receptionist yes of course . let I see ... the receptionist give Orlando a piece of paper and envelope . he write something on it . orlando great int . HOTEL . elevator -- night 7 Orlando on the elevator , he put the envelope on the pocket of he jacket . int . HOTEL - bar -- night 8 the place be pack with people . on a small stage , a band be play Caribbean music . Orlando walk in as a attractive and electric young woman , marina ( 27 ) , sing a salsa song with grace and talent . there 's something strong and magnetic about she , a slightly rough femininity ... be she a transsexual woman ? no one at the bar be pay much attention to marina 's performance , except for Orlando , who stare at she , fascinate and sing along softly . int . chinese restaurant -- night 9 Orlando and marina walk into a chinese restaurant 's hyper - decorate wait lounge . a chinese receptionist greet they at they arrival . orlando good night . 10 chinese receptionist good night . orlando I make a reservation for Orlando onetto . chinese receptionist one second . yes , that os right . table 41 . orlando thank you . boy receptionist come with I . orlando yes. int . chinese restaurant - dine room -- night 10 sitting at a table , Orlando and marina be with two chinese waiter stand besides they with a cake and sparkling candle , they sing happy birthday in chinese . marina laugh and blow the candle . the waiter and Orlando clap they hand . marina thank you Orlando . marina ( cont 'd ) thank you ! ( to the waiter ) chinese waiter I will bring out some slice . the waiter leave . orlando thank you . marina thank you my love . marina ( cont 'd ) with a musical cake and everything ! Orlando pull the envelope out of the pocket jacket . orlando here . marina receive the envelope and open it . marina how formal . '' valid for two airline ticket to the Iguazu Falls . '' Orlando ! orlando it 's no small thing . it 's one of the seven natural wonder of the world . marina oh wow ! and when be we go ? orlando in ten day . marina in ten day ... marina stand up and walk to Orlando . she hugh he from behind and kiss he in the mouth . marina ( cont 'd ) hey , and why be it '' valid for '' ? orlando it 's a long story ... marina you have n~t buy they yet ? 11 12 13 orlando yes ... I buy they and print they out , and I put they in a envelope . marina okay , and ? orlando and I have they with I at the sauna . marina and ? orlando and I can not remember where the fuck I put they . marina poor old man with senile dementia . they laugh and kiss again . int . chinese restaurant - dance floor -- night 11 later they dance to a slow song and kiss . int . orlando 's apartment -- night 12 Orlando have a hard time get he key in the lock . orlando we be go to have to ask the doorman for some help . they be both a little drunk and tired , they laugh and Orlando finally manage to open the door . we hear the bark of a dog . int . orlando 's apartment - bedroom -- night 13 it 's a large and elegant apartment , with view of the city . Orlando and marina make love in the dim light . they be pure connection . 14 15 6 . int . orlando' apartment —- bedroom -- night 14 the silence in the room be suddenly interrupt by Orlando 's gasp sound . marina turn the light on . Orlando be sit up at he side of the bed with he back turn towards she , have difficulty breathe . marina Orlando ? Orlando try to say something to she , but no word come out . marina ( cont 'd ) Orlando , what 's wrong ?! orlando I do not know . marina you do not know ? orlando I do not know what 's wrong with I . Orlando stand up from the bed , try to walk but fall down . marina run to grab he . marina Orlando ! what the fuck be go on ? come here . marina manage to sit Orlando on the bed . marina ( cont 'd ) honey ... what be it ? int . orlando' apartment -- night 15 marina carry Orlando outside the apartment . he put he against the wall . marina lean against the wall . look at I . here . marina put Orlando 's glass to he . she search for something in she bag . 16 marina ( cont 'd ) the key , do you have they ? orlando no ... marina search for the key on Orlando 's shirt . no luck . marina Orlando ... she run back to the apartment . marina ( cont 'd ) wait here . no , diabla , stop ! come here ! Orlando star walk with diffulty to the stair case . the light go out and he fell through the stair . marina ( cont 'd ) Orlando ? marina see he and run through the staircase . diabla , the dog come along and bark . marina ( cont 'd ) Orlando ! Orlando , honey ! marina try to put Orlando on he foot . orlando I be fine . marina let 's go ! int . orlando 's car -- night 16 marina drive nervously ; the street be empty . she notice that Orlando be in a lot of pain , unable to speak , in the passenger seat next to she . she look forward again . marina honey , talk to I , ok ? he do not respond . marina ( cont 'd ) talk to I ! Orlando ! please ... 17 he barely react . orlando ( mumble ) where be we go ? marina to the hospital , Orlando , where else ? focus , okay ? Orlando slip into unconsciousness once more , without enough energy to decide . orlando hurry up . marina what ? orlando hurry up . marina ok , ok . he barely respond , and drive off at full speed . i/e. orlando' car / hospital / emergency room / reanimatign cubicle -- night marina bring the car to a screeching halt at a hospital entrance , honk she horn . she get out of the car . marina help , please ! one paramedic run to the car . paramedic easy , mar ’am . let we take care of he ... ( to orlando ) be you ok ? what 's you name ? can you hear I ? ( to paramedic 2 ) Juan Pablo , hurry up ! hurry ! two more paramedics arrive with a stretcher and try to pull Orlando out of the car ; it 's a difficult task because he arm and leg be rigid and stick in he seat . Orlando 's body be hit several time in the process . marina be careful ... careful ! despite he limp state , they manage to pull he out of the car . marina ( cont 'd ) be careful . they drag he towards the hospital . paramedic what os you name ? what os you name ? can you hear I ? marina his name be Orlando . paramedic ( as they advance ) what happen ? marina I do not know what happen ! paramedic what medication be he take ? marina none paramedic how old be he ? marina fifty-seven . paramedic hurry up , he 's not respond ! do he feel sick at some point ? marina when he wake up ... he have a headache , and he be act strange . paramedic when be that ? 18 10 . marina like fifteen or twenty minute ago . marina anxiously watch how the nurse push Orlando into the reanimation cubicle . impulsively , she follow they inside . paramedic male patient , 57 year old , loss of consciousness , he head be bleed . let 's go. 1,2,3 ... marina , stand motionless in one corner of the cubicle , observe how the paraemdics and nurse work . due to the emergency , no one realize that she have enter the reanimation cubicle and be still there , watch everything , look disorient . a female nurse see she and draw closer . female nurse ma ’am , you have to wait outside . marina I bring he here as fast as I could . female nurse please , you have to wait outside . we will take care of he , okay ? stay calm . go , go ... the nurse pull she out of the cubicle . marina stare through the glass door how the paramedics treat Orlando . she walk back and lean on the wall . int . hospital emergency room -- night 18 marina be leave alone , stand in front of the cubicle 's door by herself . she wait for several second ... until the nurse appear with some of Orlando 's belonging . female nurse be you a family member ? marina no . I just bring he here . female nurse you do not know he ? 11 . marina yes , we be friend . female nurse ( suspiciously ) oh. ( rush ) this be he thing . they can not stay in there . marina how be he do ? ( to the nurse ) female nurse they 's 11 let you know . just wait a little longer . the female nurse leave , marina wait for several tense second . until a doctor ( 60 ) , project status and authority , emerge and face she . doctor good night . marina good night . doctor ( tactfully ) be you a member of Mr. onetto 's family ? marina draw closer to he . marina yes the Doctor look at she for a moment , scrutinize she . doctor be you he partner ? marina yes , we be partner . the Doctor raise the volume of he voice in order to draw she out of she state of shock . doctor Excuse I , you name be ...? marina marina vidal 19 20 12 . doctor but ... that 's a nickname ? marina Excuse I ? doctor could you come with I ? so that we can speak in private ... marina be something wrong ? they begin walk through the hallway , they talk but we can not hear what the doctor be say . int . bathroom - hospital emergency room -- night 19 marina enter the bathroom , she be alone . she breathes heavily and enter a bathroom cubicle . she fall off she knee , she head lean on the floor . the breathe get loud and powerful . she wash she face and look in the mirror . she can not believe what happen . ext . hospital -- night 20 marina be call gabo , the phone ring for several second . gabo ( 0.s. ) ( into the phone , sounding sleepy ) Orlando marina I be Orlando 's friend . gabo Excuse I , who be this ? marina this be marina . I be gabo yes , I know who you be . marina the thing be , Orlando be feel sick . 13. gabo when ? marina about a and a half hour ago . and I bring he to the hospital , but ... uh ... gabo which hospital ? marina Saint Thomas . he have a crisis in the car . gabo ok . marina and he die . gabo he die ?! marina stutter . pause . marina yes. just now ... I be so sorry . marina ( cont 'd ) hello ? ( long pause ) gabo yes , I be here . have you call anyone else ? marina no , no one . gabo ok . marina but I need someone to come here . I can not handle all of this . gabo okay , do not worry , I will let the family know . 21 22 14 . marina okay . gabo do not call anyone . ok ? marina ok gabo hand up . marina look around nervously ; no one seem to be watch she . she evaluate the situation . slyly begin to walk away , towards the street . ext . hospital - street -- dawn 21 marina begin to walk away from the hospital at a firm pace . she would rather avoid the conflict , and gabo have already be give notice ... she begin to jog quickly . she advance a few block , but ... a patrol car pull over and a police officer ( 30 ) come down . a light flash over both of they . low -ranking police officer miss marina vidal ? marina yes , what be it ? int . hospital emergency room -- night 22 the low-rank police officer walk with marina through the hospital hallway . a chief police officer and the doctor be wait for she . low -ranking police officer sargent chief police officer thank you low -ranking police officer Excuse I the low rank police officer leave . marina ( to the doctor ) you do not have to treat I like a criminal . 15 . doctor ( to the chief police officer ) I will leave you to you work , excuse I . the doctor leave . chief police officer ( to marina , firmly ) miss , I need you information . marina here ? the Chief Police Officer have little patience . chief police officer here . full name marina marina -- chief police officer ( exasperate ) do you have a id card with you ? marina return he stare , then give up and pull she id out of she handbag . after look at it , the Chief Police Officer gaze at she severely . marina my new id card be still pend , sir . chief police officer until you receive it , this be still you legal name . marina my name be marina vidal . be there a problem with that ? chief police officer why do you run off ? gabo arrive from behind . marina do not see he . marina why be I be detain ? 16 . chief police officer you be not be detain , sir . marina look at he with a serious expression on she face . marina then why do you have my id card ? gabo good night . marina turn and see a scruffy , bald man with a potbelly wait attentively a few meter away . it 's gabo ( 55 ) , who 's wear a orthopedic boot . gabo ( cont 'd ) marina ? thank you for everything . I be sorry you have to go through all of this . I be gabo . marina ( nervous , remorseful ) hello gabo . gabo how be you ? gabo come closer to greet she with a kiss on the cheek , then hesitates , and finally greet she with a handshake . gabo ( cont 'd ) hi. how be you ? he then greet the Chief Police Officer , who be try to figure they out . gabo ( cont 'd ) Gabriel onetto , I be the brother of the decease . be something the matter ? chief police officer ( gesture towards marina ) no , everything be fine . he come bring he to the hospital and then want to leave in a hurry , but we need to speak to he . gabo well , you can speak to I . I be he family , and I be go to handle everything . ( more ) 23 24 25 26 17 . gabo ( cont 'd ) you must understand that the lady here be with my brother when he die , so it 's a sensitive situation . the Chief police handle back marina 's id . marina thanks . chief police officer ( to marina ) you phone number , please . humiliate , marina dictate she phone number to he . marina yes ... 98149575 . int . orlando 's car -- day 23 nervous , marina drive Orlando 's car at considerable speed . ext . amusement park - modern restaurant - hallway -- day 24 marina make she way down a narrow hallway , between amusement park game . int . modern restaurant - amusement room -- day 25 marina already with she apron on . she be hit on a punch game . woman ( off ) marina , we need you out here ! marina I be go . she make a final strong punch . int . modern restaurant - dine room -- day 26 marina try to function normally while she attend a couple of costumer . she carry a tray with use dish . 18 . marina be everything all right ? client yes , thank you . marina okay . client Excuse I , could I have a glass of water ? marina yes , right away . alessandra ( 45 ) , marina 's strong and stylish boss , it 's in the bar write something down . marina approach . alessandra you do not want to come , and I be just call you to ask if you could take the night shift . crap . marina I do not get to check my phone , alessandra . the celebration be pretty intense . alessandra but you come . I appreciate that . do you need anything ? marina no ... everything be fine . alessandra be you sure ? marina yes , I be sure . alessandra always so mysterious . 27 19 . waitress it 's be ringing for a while . marina thank you . marina take the phone , she leave the tray on a table and excuse herself from she colleague . marina ( cont 'd ) ( pretend everything be fine ) hello she make she way to the second floor . int . modern restaurant - second floor -- day 27 while she walk through the second floor and hallway try to look for a quite place to talk . sonia hello ? I be Sonia . Orlando 's wife . I mean , he ex-wife . marina I know . how be you ? sonia there 's no need for the formality . ( silence ) look , I talk to gabo , and he tell I that you be live in Orlando 's apartment . be that true ? marina yes , it 's true . sonia well , I 'il be need he car . marina of course . sonia you could have leave the car with gabo . marina he do not want it . look mar 'am ... look . ( more ) 20 . marina ( cont 'd ) tell I when you need it and I can drop it off . sonia let 's see ... tomorrow . could you drop it off at my office tomorrow ? i’1ll text you the address , and ... you can leave it in the parking lot . you can ask there ... and they 's 11 tell you where to park . marina ok . sonia at 10:30 ? be that time ok ? marina I 'il work it out . sonia anything else of he that you might have ? marina no . just the intimate thing . sonia ( hurt , delirious ) well , we will have to work out what to do about the apartment . a long silence . marina of course . sonia I would like for you to handle all practical affair with I , okay ? marina all right . could we talk about that when we meet ? I be work right now . 21 . 28 int . modern restaurant - dine room -- night 28 the restaurant be pack and marina can barely keep it together . young man ( from another table ) be you go to bring we we check , or not ? marina right away . alessandra marina , someone 's look for you outside . marina who ? alessandra I do not know . marina where ? alessandra at the entrance . marina look concern . ext . restaurant entrance -- day marina walk towards the entrance . a attractive woman , adriana ( 45 ) , be stand wait for she . adriana ( hold a file in she hand ) good afternoon , marina . thank you for come out , this be just go to take two minute . marina hello adriana hello . I be detective Adriana cortes , from the investigation Police 's sexual offense unit . good afternoon . 22 . they shake hand . marina good afternoon . adriana well first of all , I want to offer you my condolence . they tell I what happen , and I be really sorry . the fact that you run away from the hospital , give I some reason for concern . marina feel uncomfortable . marina could we talk over there ? adriana of course ... they walk towards a more private place . they star walk . marina I do not run away . adriana oh . there must have be some confusion , then . marina could I see you identification , please ? adriana sure Adriana show it to she . she really be a police detective . adriana ( cont 'd ) one question . Mr. Orlando ... marina onetto . adriana yes . be he pay you ? marina ( offended ) we be a couple . 23. adriana so you care for each other . it be not just sexual . marina begin to feel irritate . marina it be a consensual relationship between two adult . why do you want to know that ? adriana because he be old enough to be you father . ( marina hold back ) do you use drug before he attack ? marina no. adriana alcohol ? marina yes . adriana do you have sex ? marina I do not remember . Long silence . adriana I need to know if he suffer any kind of physical stress . marina nothing unusual . adriana the thing be , Mr. onetto 's body arrive to the hospital with injury , with bruise . he have injury on he arm , on he side , on he neck . and a contusion to he head . marina grow frighten . Adriana open the file she have bring along with she and show it to marina . 24 . there be picture inside . marina look at they , then snap it shut , affect . marina I talk to the doctor about all of this . do you talk to he family ? marina be confuse . alessandra appear at the door . alessandra marina ! Excuse I ... we be have problem with the check for table 15 . marina I be come . adriana five minute , please . ( to alessandra ) alessandra go back inside . Adriana fix she gaze on marina . can not anyone fill in for you ? ( to marina ) marina no . and I really need to get back to work ... or they 's 1l fire I . adriana look , I have be work on the street for 23 year . 14 year on the sexual offense unit . I have a master 's degree on the subject . I know very well what happen with people ... sorry , with woman like you . because I have see it all . all . Adriana carry on in she sensitive , condescending tone . adriana ( cont 'd ) I want you to know that I understand and support you . do you have to defend yourself from he ? marina be I be arrest ? 25 . adriana no marina then I be leave , because I really ... Adriana try to grab marina 's hand . adriana wait , let 's do something . ( hand she a card ) call I when you be do here so we can talk properly . so that I can sleep tonight , okay ? marina head back , Adriana follow she . marina talk about what ? adriana I nil be wait for you call . marina be force to nod she head . she put the card away . adriana ( cont 'd ) and it 's best if you do not leave santiago . ( walk towards the restaurant ) marina okay , goodbye . 29 int . modern restaurant - dine room -- day 29 marina return to the dining room as Adriana leave , try to look normal . adriana Goodbye , marina . ( to alessandra ) thank you , the place look great ! alessandra thank you . marina and alessandra watch she leave . 30 31 32 26 . alessandra ( cont 'd ) be everything all right ? marina yes , everything okay . alessandra I try to rescue you , do you notice ? marina yes , I notice , thank you . alessandra be you tell I what the fuck be go on ? marina can it be some another time ? I have have a terrible day . alessandra sure . alessandra nod , and marina return to she hectic job . int . orlando 's car -- afternoon 30 marina , tired and humiliate , be drive Orlando 's car . she arrive to the apartment and park the car . everything be silence , she see the ghost of Orlando . her breathe become heavy . she grab from the floor a key with the number 181 write on it , she hand tremble . she get down from the car and whisper a song while he walk through the parking lot . int . orlando 's apartment - live room -- afternoon 31 marina continue whisper '' spossa '' while she walk through the apartment and collapse on the couch . diabla approach and seat with she . marina diabla ! hi to you . int . orlando 's apartment - live room -- night 32 marina look very tired , she be on she pyjamas . she listen to a voicemail Adriana leave on she cell phone . 33 34 27 . adriana ( on the phone , in a serene tone ) marina , this be detective cortes speak . I imagine you must have a good reason for stand up a investigation officer . now , I be not go to ask , I be go to demand that you come in and talk to I tomorrow . I will be at the Forensic Medical service , look for I when you get there , I will see you at 12:30 . do not call I . no excuse . I be not interested . oh , and please do not make I send someone to pick you up . int . orlando' apartment —- bedroom -- night 33 marina pretend to be box as she do earlier that day . she open Orlando 's closet and immerse she head between he cloth . she lay face up on the bed , light a joint and smoke . she try to relax she self through she breathe . int . orlando' apartment - bedroom / hallway -- morning 34 Day have break , and marina open she eye . diabla bark wake she up . she hear a masculine voice inside the apartment . bruno ( 29 ) its in the hallway play with diabla . marina seem really surprise and upset . bruno be you marisa ? marina marina bruno I be bruno . awkward silence . bruno ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I think there be no one here . bruno walk toward the live room and marina put a sweater on . she go to the leave room to meet with bruno . 28 . bruno ( cont 'd ) what happen , marisa ? marina you dad suddenly start feel sick . everything happen really fast . bruno what be you do ? marina sleep . bruno ( affect ) and that 's all ? you be with he and , he die ? just like that ? marina we run to the hospital . bruno his body be bruise . why the fuck be he body bruise ? a injury to he head . marina ( affect ) he feel down the stair when we be go down . that 's why . bruno notice the unopen box and suitcase . bruno what about that suitcase ? marina I be move in . bruno shit . bruno get down to pat diabla . bruno ( cont 'd ) what be we go to do with you , diabla ? marina Orlando give she to I . I be sorry . 29 . bruno he give you diabla ? that really suck . bruno stand up and walk through the apartment , he sit on the leave room . marina stay stand . bruno ( cont 'd ) look ... I sleep with this dog for year . but I have to stop do it . I do not like the smell . do you know that there be two kind of people with pet ? that who have mammal , and that who prefer bird or reptile . mammal , we have a neocortex . the most develop layer of neural tissue , where emotion be generate . that 's where empathy , tenderness ... ... and love be generate . marina ( upset ) I do not see anyone with a lizard around here . I do not get you analysis . or be you try to say something else ? bruno I '' not try to say anything . marina aha . bruno have you get the operation ? marina you can not ask I that . bruno and why not ? I dont understand what be you ! marina I be the same as you . bruno yeah , sure ... ( laugh ) 30 . marina ( begging to leave the leave room ) look , can we talk some other time ? I really ... bruno ( he stand up ) wait , wait ... I just need to know when you be move out of this apartment . marina I nil let you know as soon as I find something . bruno how much time be we talk about ? marina a few week . bruno ( he turn violent ) no , not a few week . give I a exact date or I will kick you out . marina face he defiantly . marina you know what ? go away from my house . bruno this be not you house . marina walk to the entrance and bruno chase she . he grab she against the wall , marina breathes heavily and bruno stare really close to she face . bruno ( cont 'd ) incredible . my dad be crazy . he let go of marina and leave . bruno ( cont 'd ) if you steal anything , I ’11l know . marina hey bruno ! my name be marina . bye . marina slam the door behind bruno . 35 36 37 31 . int . orlando' apartment —- bedroom -- day 35 marina wear a blue jeans dress , she stare at the mirror . she grab she purse that be on top of the bed , she see again the key with the 181 number write on it . int . orlando 's car - carwash -- day 36 marina 's car enter the carwash tunnel . the run water , the dryer ... it 's the close thing she 's have to a peaceful moment . protected in this solitary space , marina let she head fall back and close she eye . she sing quietly . as the soap fall over the windshield , marina look back through the rearview mirror : orlando be sitting in the backseat . the spin brushes run over the window , make the car dark . marina can not tear she eye away from Orlando through the rearview mirror ; he face be hide in the move shadow and light . Orlando now turn around and look directly at she . be she lose she mind ? int . gas station store -- day 37 overwhelm , marina cover she face with she hand as she wait in line for the cash register . she fail to realize that it 's she turn . cashier miss ...? miss ? marina snap back . she advance . marina I have get to pay for the wash . the cashier ( 30 ) take a look at she exhaust , upset demeanor . cashier you need a cup of coffee . marina ( stare back at she ) ok , one expresso . cashier how would you like it ? 38 39 32 . marina double . i/e . orlando' car / urban highway -- day 38 marina drive the now spotless car down a highway . another cathartic song be play on the radio , at full volume . '' Natural woman '' perform by aretha Franklin . marina turn onto a busy street . it 's a office building area . a doorman receive she , she pull down the window . marina hi , good morning . doorman hi , good morning . marina I be bring this car to Sonia ... I do n*t know she last name . doorman yes , Sonia bunster . yes , she tell I to inform she about you arrive . please park in the - 4th floor , parking space number 5 . she will come and pick up the car . marina she want I to wait down there ? doorman yes , that 's what she tell I . marina ok , thank you . doorman you be welcome , go ahead . marina continue drive . int . parking lot -- day 39 the car be park . marina wait besides it for sonia ( 48 ) to come down . see a woman make gesture at she from the sidewalk . it 's sonia ( 48 ) , attractive , with panache , dress formally . they size each other up in a glance . 33 . sonia hello marina hello , Sonia . Sonia stare back at she , unable to react . sonia I be sorry . they shake hand . but Sonia be still stupefy . marina respond with a gesture : this be I . sonia ( cont ’d ) I have be wonder how be you face for about a year , it 's different like this , face to face . marina of course . Sonia still can not believe she eye . marina ( cont 'd ) as you can see ... bone and flesh . sonia yes , it 's just that ... I can not imagine Orlando be with you . that 's all . marina oh. ok . sonia do not treat I so formal . marina eh ... here be the car key . Sonia receive they . sonia thank you . marina the document be in the glove compartment . 34 . sonia ok . Excuse I . ( lament herself , whisper ) pure quantum physics . Sonia check inside the car , then emerge and open the trunk : it 's fill with color sample , book , and other product from Orlando 's printing press . Sonia slam the trunk shut , place both hand on the car , and lower she head . it truly be a difficult moment for she . sonia ( cont 'd ) ( without look at she ) I do not want to talk about the apartment right now . just move out as quickly as possible . marina okay . thank you . ( sincerely ) Sonia , I be so sorry about how thing turn out . sonia ( look up at she now , hurt ) be you sorry for the whole soap opera , or for this episode in particular ? marina for the way in which thing happen . a look of frustration grow over Sonia 's face . she need to express what she 's feel . sonia look , I be 38 year old when I marry Orlando . we be together for 9 . we be a completely normal couple . we have a normal life ... ( recalling , painfully ) so when he come and explain to I ... I ... so then I think that ... I be sorry if it sound crude and direct of I to say this , but I really think that this be ... just perversion . 35 . marina feel loathing and compassion towards she at the same time . sonia ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , but ... it 's that when I look you , I do not know what I be look at . pause . Sonia know that she 's crossing a line . sonia ( cont ’d ) a chimera , that 's what I see . marina a chimera ... ok . marina be take aback by the sentence . sonia I be sorry . both be completely engross by each other . marina there 's no need to be sorry . you be normal . you be fine . marina begin to walk away . Sonia follow here to the elevator . a man in a grey suite be stand there wait for the elevator to arrive . man in a grey suit hi marina hi man in a grey suit hi Sonia sonia hi Pablo . how be you ? man in a grey suit Im fine and you ? sonia Fine . thank you man in a grey suit good . the elevator arrive and the three of they jump in . 40 4l 36 . int . elevator . day . 40 marina , man in a grey suit and Sonia be experience a awkward moment on the elevator . nobody speak . int . lobby . day 41 marina exit the elevator and Sonia follow here behind . sonia ( severely ) be it clear to you that my 7 year old daughter will be at the wake this afternoon ? marina yes . and I would love to know where it 's be hold . I know how to be discreet . Sonia be shocked by the fact that marina be even consider the idea of attend . sonia but do not even think about go . marina I have the right to say goodbye to he , too . Sonia try not to lose control . sonia look , it 's my problem now . you already go through a hard time . now all the paperwork be up to I . and in fact , I have like to compensate you for everything that you have do . really , so that you can be at ease . you do not need to go anywhere , or do anything else . and we be go to handle this ina civilized way , so we can both be satisfied . marina I do not need you money , mar ’am . do you call investigation Police ? 42 43 37 . marina be unable to read she . sonia no . well , in any case , I apologize . I be just look out for my love one . that 's all . marina Orlando be a love one to I . sonia yes , but you be not come to the funeral . or the wake . do you understand ? I do not know how to explain it to you . what you want I to say ? Daniel . you be not go to the funeral ... or any place . marina can not believe it . marina look at she fearlessly . Sonia need to be sure . she gather strength in order to make herself clear . sonia ( cont ’d ) please ... let we live this mourn as a family . as it 's suppose to be . do not show up . I be ask you as a mother . just think that there 's a entire family , devastate . in shock . Sonia walk always and get in the elevator . sonia ( cont ’d ) I would give a lung for my daughter . int . bus -- day 42 marina be on the bus . a brief pause in this battle . ext . forensic medicine institute / hallway and staircase - das marina and Adriana be stand at the entrance of the Institute . adriana Adriana , I want to apologize for not call ... Adriana be carry she file with she . 38 . adriana detective cortes . marina detective . I want to apologize for not call you last night , but I be overwhelm . I take some sleep pill . adriana ( interrupt ) it 's all right . she walk inside the building . marina follow she . adriana ( cont 'd ) this way , please . marina be we go to see Orlando 's body ? sonia no . I ask for a room and if I be late , I will be in trouble . marina what do you need ? sonia the thing be , since you do not call I yesterday ... well , I go over we conversation . the toxicology exam come back with positive result for alcohol ... and marihuana . marina start to worry . marina where be we go ? sonia we be give you a physical inspection . marina stop in she track . marina no . no way . adriana do not worry . it 's superficial . 39 . marina but you never tell I -- adriana look . I go to check on you yesterday , I be worried . I give you a opportunity to tell the truth and you lie to I . then , you fail to keep you promise and leave I wait . marina again , I apologize for not call you yesterday . that sleep pill ... I be sorry . about that other thing ... adriana look , what I need be to confirm that you do not have any injure . marina but I do not have any injure . adriana then there should not be a problem . Adriana walk the stair . marina stop walk . Adriana turn around . marina what ? why be you do this to I ? adriana because it 's what correspond . it 's call a possible injury observation . marina well , I refuse . Adriana stop . adriana ( firmly ) Fine , i’1l file for a formal request from the district attorney , and that imply open a file on Orlando onetto 's death . marina look at she , enraged . 44 40 . adriana ( cont 'd ) look , if you do not have anything , this end here . you go on with you life . you decide . marina know that she 's catch . she do not respond . int . forensic medicine institute - doctor 's office -- day 44 the doctor respectfully close the door for marina to take she cloth of . doctor I be go to close this ... so you will be comfortable . while marina undress behind a screen , the Doctor and Adriana make small talk in a low tone of voice . marina listen to the conversation . doctor ( cont 'd ) thank you for you help . you save I . adriana we be even now . doctor you tell I that she name be Daniel ? what should I call she ? adriana do not call she Daniel . treat she like a woman . ask she what she name be ... but call she by she woman 's name . doctor what do she do ? adriana I do not know , that 's why we be here . doctor but be she involved in something complicated ? Adriana and the doctor realize marina be hearing the conversation . marina slip into the gown and emerge . the doctor approach marina and guide she through the room . 41 . doctor ( cont 'd ) ok . this way , please . what 's you name ? marina marina doctor that 's a pretty name , marina . could you stand there , please ? thank you . the doctor guide marina and put she in front of the wall . he open a drawer and pull out a camera . doctor ( cont 'd ) marina , right ? marina . please , could you ... could you uncover you chest ? marina comply . her wide shoulder , she long hair , and she flat , hairless chest be all expose . the paramedic take a picture of she . doctor ( cont 'd ) this will be really quick , okay ? here I go . that 's it . now please raise you right arm . a little higher . yes . there . the same with the other arm , please . ( he take another picture ) have you receive any kind of aggression ... blow , have you fall , anything like that ? marina no. doctor be you sure ? marina yes . doctor ok . ( he do not show so convinced ) well , now I be go to ask you to uncover you lower part . ( to Adriana ) ( more ) 45 46 47 42 . doctor ( cont 'd ) could you please leave we so that ...? adriana no doctor I be sorry . could you uncover you lower half ? we be almost do , marina . marina notice that Adriana do not take she eye off of she . resigned , she remove the hospital gown completely and stand there , naked . the doctor take another picture . doctor ( cont 'd ) could you please raise you right leg , marina ? to the side ? there , there . she comply , shocked by what she 's be require to do . one last flash . int . forensic medical service office - hallway -- day 45 a humiliate marina walk through the hallway of the Forensic Medical service . she head out of the building . int . bus -- day 46 marina be riding a bus . it be pack with people , most of they stand and hold onto a rail . she process she thought . it 's be too much ... ext . park -- day 47 marina walk through the park while he talk with gabo on the cell phone . gabo ( v.o. ) hello , marina . this be gabo . I be sorry to bother you . look ... we be go to incinerate Orlando . it 's what he want . and although Sonia do not know yet ... ... to be clear , this be my own initiative . I want to offer you ... 48 43 . marina gabo ( v.o. ) some of he ash . marina can not believe what she 's hearing . marina thank you , but no . gabo ( v.o. ) it 's just that I feel that you deserve they . really . marina in exchange for not show up , gabo ? gabo ( v.o. ) I have love for you to come . but ... marina I be eat right now . gabo ( v.o. ) oh , I be sorry , I do not want to interrupt you . marina gabo , I be hang up . gabo ( v.o. ) hold on a second , we have not agree on ... marina leave gabo talk and hang up the phone . int . elegant build -- day 48 marina walk down the long hallway of a elegant building , gather she strength . she arrive at a door and knock . someone open . 49 50 44 , marina thank you for have I . I need it . she enter . the door close behind she . int . elevator - hallway - singing coach apartment -- day 49 marina get off the elevator , take a deep breath and knock the door . the door open . marina thank you for see I . singing coach ( v.o. ) come in . int . singing coach 's apartment -- day 50 marina drink coffee , as she singing coach ( 65 ) , grumpy and walk with some difficulty , take he seat at a piano . singing coach Fucking gout . marina I can not believe that even you illness be corny . singing coach you look awful . marina you be not wear you glass . you can not see I from there . he put on he glass . singing coach you look ... awful . they closeness can be feel . he sense that she be unstable . singing coach ( cont ’d ) do you come here to improve you technique , or to hide from the world for a while ? marina ( know what 's come next ) um ... both ... and vice-versa . 45 . singing coach I have no problem with you come here too little or too late ... or whenever you need a little moral support . but I be you coach ... lyrical sing . not salsa , or merengue . lyrical sing . marina interrupt he . she know that he 's right . and she repeat something that we can sense they have talk over several time . marina and you be not my psychologist , and you be not my father . singing coach no . marina what do I come for , then ? singing coach to sing I hope . marina to look for some love , maybe . have deliver he message , the coach change he tone , and laugh at he own paternalistic attitude . singing coach ( he nod he head ) you can n~t look for love . marina no. not Saint Francis again , please . singing coach ( lauhg ) Saint Francis do not say . '' give I love , give I peace , give I light , give I this , give I that . '' Saint Francis say , '' make I a instrument of you love , make I a channel of you peace . '' marina draw closer to he . she plant a quick kiss on he forehead . a sign of a old friendship . singing coach ( cont ’d ) sing a little bit for I . 51 52 53 54 46 . he play spossa son dispraseta on the piano , and marina start off with she vocal exercise . once more , she voice be move . ext . STREET . day 51 we hear marina sing spossa son dispraseta . she walk the street alone , its really windy . as the second pass , the wind grow stronger and carry all kind of dust . at some point this natural force become so strong marina can not continue walk , the wind stop she . ext . orlando 's build - elevator -- day 52 marina alone on the elevator , she mind be elsewhere . she look exhaust . int . orlando' apartment - live room / bedroom -- day 53 marina step into the apartment . her close suitcase ... she stop when she notice a anomaly : cigarettes , pizza and beer on the table of the live room . marina diabla ! she look for diabla but do not find it . marina pack she suitcase and leave the apartment . while she head out , she make a final call . secretary ( v.o. ) onetto textiles . good afternoon . marina I have a wreath for Orlando onetto . could you tell I where be the wake be be hold ? ext . orlando 's build -- day 54 marina wait on the sidewalk , next to she suitcase . gaston ( 39 ) and wanda pull up in front of she in he car , gast6n hug marina . gaston take it easy , pretty . marina okay . 47 . wanda be this all you be steal ? marina if you have a bigger car , I could steal more . gaston what ? you two sister be start already ? gaston begin to load she thing into the trunk . wanda hug marina . wanda you will scare I to death . marina no. I 'il survive . 55 int . gaston and wanda 's car -- day 55 marina ride in the backseat . gaston ( break the ice ) I think we should call the police . wanda what for ? gaston because it 's a crime . strictly speak , it 's trespasp . marina no , I do not want any more police ... no more doctor , no more hospital gowns , no more uniform ... I do not want anything . it be Orlando 's son . he want I out of there , fast . that 's all . gaston that 's not the point . it 's no way to communicate . wanda oh please , Mr. contradiction . '' that 's not the point '' . stay out of it ! 48 . gaston what do you mean , stay out of it ? for over 9 year , I have be hearing the same thing . marina hey , I be get out of you house as soon as I can , okay ? wanda no , it 's not that . we house be you house , always . ( to gastén ) always , right ? gaston yes , always . marina can I ask you for one last favor ? gaston another one ? wanda ( to gastén ) cut it out . marina could you drop I off here , please ? the couple exchange a worried glance . gaston drive on . wanda what do you want to do ? marina I want my dog . wanda what for ? gaston I do not think it 's a good idea for you to do anything by yourself . wanda no. let 's wait until we get home . there , we can smoke something . we can relax , and then you can make a more mature decision . 56 57 49 , marina ok . a red light . the car come to a stop . marina climb out and run away from the car . wanda and gaston call she out . wanda marina ! gaston marina ! climb out ! wanda why do not you climb out ?! gaston because I be drive . wanda okay ... but ... int . bus -- afternoon 56 marina be riding the bus , indignantly . she look angry and decide . int . chapel -- afternoon 57 marina open the door and enter the chapel where Orlando 's funeral be be hold . she see Sonia , gabo and bruno sit up front , close to the casket . two twenty-year-olds be sing a song , accompany by a guitar . they discover she presence . the people inside the chapel , begin to mutter amongst themselves and turn around to look at marina . outrage , Sonia stand up noisily , attract everyone 's attention . sonia ( shouting , very impose ) no one here say anything ! orlandoas daughter Mom ! everyone in the chapel freeze . the twenty - year- old stop sing . everyone 's eye be on marina , who wish she could run out of there . a small girl -- Orlando 's daughter ? -- break into hopeless sob . 58 59 50 . marina , affect by the girl 's sobbing , choose not to insist and begin to make she way towards the exit . the sound of she click heel echo loudly throughout the chapel . a woman encounter she at the door and throw she out of the chapell . woman do not you have any respect for other people pain ? get out of here ! ext . chapel - front yard -- afternoon 58 marina walk towards the street , crossing the chapel 's front yard without look back . gabo appear , try to catch up with she , but with little success due to he orthopedic boot . gabo ( honestly ) marina ... marina , I apologize . she do not respond or stop walk . gabo ( cont 'd ) everyone be a little upset . it 's nothing personal . marina stop and confront he . marina say goodbye to a love one when he die be a basic human right . gabo I think you be completely right . marina it 's do , gabo . go back inside . make sure you do not fall . she kiss he and leave he behind . ext . uptown STREET -- afternoon 59 marina be already a couple of block away from the chapel , continue to walk away . a pickup truck begin to follow she , advance at she same speed . 51 . marina grow unsettle , and she look at it : bruno be drive , a man ( 40 ) be riding beside he , and a young man ( 24 ) be in the backseat . marina look away and keep on walk . it 's better to avoid conflict ... she look again . man why do you come to disturb the family ?! marina hold back . marina exchange a short glance with bruno , who be just as scared as she be . man ( cont 'd ) you be tell over and over again to leave we alone . marina what do you want ? marina quicken she pace , accumulate rage . she tell herself over and over again that it 's best to avoid conflict . she look at the man . man we want you to get out of here , you fuck faggot . what be you look at ? marina you be look at I . marina hold back ... man be you threaten I faggot ? marina no. man go destroy family somewhere else . you fuck monster ! hey ! you Fucking faggot . stop the car ! stop ! you mother fucker ! marina keep on walk , blind with rage . the truck stop . the man , the Young man and bruno climb out and violently grab she . marina try to skirt they . 60 52 . marina let go of I , you coward ! let go of I ! what do you want ? man you drive . ( to bruno ) marina you Fucking coward ! what do you want ?! they struggle clumsily for a few second , and the two man end up drag marina to the truck and pull she into the backseat . the door slam shut ... the truck take off . int . pickup truck -- afternoon 60 marina be sit in the backseat , between the man and the Young man . marina where be my dog ? what do you do to my dog , you coward ? bruno that os not you house . they pin she arm down , hard . marina fight back . marina if you like my dress so much , you could have take it , asshole . young man the mother fucker use dress ! marina let go of I ! young man do you cut you dick off ? do you put it away ? man Close you snout , it smell like shit ! 53 . young man you think you be Julia Roberts , you piece of shit ? man you wear a dress with that football player leg ? bruno look uncomfortable with the situation . marina you have no right to touch I ! do you think you dad would be proud of what you be do to I ?! he would slap you if he see you ! the Young man pull a roll of tape out from he backpack , and together with the man 's help wrap some tape around marina 's head , cover she mouth . young man here 's you slap . marina you should not have send the police ! man what police ? marina let go of I ! more tape be wrap around she head , close one of she eye . marina ( cont 'd ) let go of I ! man I can not hear you ! young man now talk , you motherfucker ! 61 62 63 64 65 54 . man talk ! you piece of shit ! bruno turn around , he do not like where the situation have come to . marina 's face be now deform . bruno keep on drive . ext . STREET , downtown -- afternoon 61 the pickup truck pull over at a street downtown . the backseat door open and the man climb out . he pull marina out of the vehicle and give she a push . man I hope it os clear now ! the man climb back into the truck and it take off at full speed . marina sit , she be in pain . she get up and start walk . she draw closer to a park car and see she deform face reflect in a window . she cut through the tape , ashamed , crush . she keep on walk . ext . STREET , downtown -- evening 62 marina walk aimlessly through downtown santiago . ext . nightclub -- night 63 marina arrive at the door of a nightclub . she enter . int . nightclub - dance floor -- night 64 marina dance , exorcize with a stranger , they kiss on the mouth . they cross the dance floor , waling drunkenly amongst the crowd . the music explode , the people begin to move with frenzy . marina and he Stranger be kissing on a corner of the nightclub . she go down on he . int . nightclub - hallway -- night 65 marina , now without the Stranger , walk to the dance floor . she be completely lose and see Orlando stare at she from the bar . 66 67 68 69 55 . int . nightclub - dance floor -- night 66 she discover that orlando be still watching her , stand on the dance floor , camouflage in the crowd . marina begin to dance with even great impetus , as anonymous hand rise and surround she , cheer she on , which then turn into ... a long and coordinated group choreography , vehement and openly sexual . int . wanda 's apartment - hallway -- night 67 marina knock on wanda 's entrance door , she look tired and she be completely wet . gaston open it . gaston ( patiently ) hello , marina . marina hello , gaston . he let she in . int . wanda 's apartment - sofa / live room -- dawn 68 marina be lay back on a sofa . she 's already awake , not feel good . int . wanda 's apartment - kitchen -- morning 69 marina and the family drink coffee together in the kitchen . wanda look for something in the newspaper . wanda read Orlando 's funeral information in the newspaper . wanda here it be . Orlando onetto pertier . marina what do it say ? wanda we announce the pass of we husband , father , partner and friend . Orlando onetto pertier . ( more ) 56 . wanda ( cont 'd ) funeral service shall be hold today at 16:30 at parque de la paz cemetery . ejército Avenue # 315 , santiago . his wife , brother , and child ... '' gaston ( try to change the subjet ) could you pass the avocado ? the sister seem not to listen . wanda wait , listen ... '' we be deeply sadden to announce the pass of Orlando onetto pertier ... " blah blah blah ... onetto textiles employee . gaston what 's the point ? I do not get it . wanda I be read . gaston what for ? ( to marina ) do n*t go . that would be masochism . wanda define to I what masochism be . gaston people who like to suffer . do you like to suffer ? wanda what do that have to do with this ? gaston I do n*t like to suffer ... 70 71 72 57 . wanda I be just read to my sister ... marina ok , stop it ! really , stop ! I be not go anywhere . okay ? I have turn the page . okay ? life go on . they seem not yo pay attention on what marina just say . wanda why be you tell I what to do ? gaston no , no ... marina ( talk to herself ) what do not kill you , make you stronger . stronger . marina 's mind be a million mile away , as she play with the '' 181 '' key on the table . int . hair salon -- day 70 marina be sit while she hair be be wash . int . hair salon -- day 71 marina it 's get she nail do . marina I have the hand of a orangutan . manicurist no , you do not . ext . STREET , downtown -- day 72 marina , completely renovate , walk and run head on into two worker carry a large mirror . she 's strike by she own image in the reflection : be that I ? 73 74 75 58 . the worker continue on they way , unblock a flash neon sign with a arrow in front of she : bar . int . bar , downtown -- day 73 the place be almost desert , and it have a unreal air to it . marina take a large sip of she drink . ext . STREET , downtown -- day 74 marina look calmer , she walk the street . int . modern restaurant - dine room -- day 75 marina hand a older man ( 60 ) he check . older man ( charming ) how much be it , darling ? marina ( hand he the check ) here you go . the older man search for he money , but he can not find any in he wallet or in he pocket . older man I be lose everything lately . do you think it 's because of my age ? marina smile at he . the older man begin to pull everything out of he pocket : he cellphone , some cigarettes , key . he finally find some cash . older man ( cont 'd ) here we be . marina take the cash , but she can not take she eye off of one of the object that the older man have set upon the table . older man ( cont 'd ) what be it ? marina I be sorry . what 's that ? marina point to a set of key , one of which be a small key that look exactly like the '' 181 '' key . 76 77 78 79 59 . older man it 's the key to my sauna . marina hide she amazement . the waitress friend observe this , intrigue . marina to you sauna ? older man ( smile ) it 's the key to my locker at the sauna just around the corner , the '' finlandia '' . why ? marina it just catch my attention . I be sorry . ext . modern restaurant -- day 76 marina walk out the restaurant , decide . ext . STREET , downtown -- day 77 she walk one block , two block . ext . STREET , downtown - outside the sauna -- day 78 marina stop on the sidewalk across the street from a old sauna . the building 's facade have a neon sign that read : '' finlandia '' . she cross the street and enter . int . sauna - reception hall -- day 79 marina draw closer to the receptionist ( 45 ) , who be concentrate on she papers . marina be it co-e ? the receptionist nod , barely look up at she . marina ( cont 'd ) but be the saunas separate downstairs ? receptionist ( sanctimoniously ) of course . 80 81 82 60 . marina see another set of key that look just like '' 181 '' on she desk . marina how much be it ? the receptionist hand she a price list . marina pay and head downstairs quickly . int . sauna - changing room / hallway -- day 80 in the lady 's change room , marina take she dress off . we see she chest . she put a towel on and look for the key inside she purse . she emerge out into the hallway , try to understand the place 's logic . she advance ... and instead of enter the woman 's steam bath , she enter the man 's area , carry the key in she hand . int . sauna - hallway / men 's area -- day 81 marina make she way across the man 's dark and steamy sauna . she search with she eye , hide in the darkness : she see a thin , naked man rinsing himself off with a hose , and a sauna employee . marina where can I find the locker ? employee over there . int . sauna changing room / locker hallway -- day 82 marina enter the locker hallway and search for the number . she finally find and stand before locker 181 . marina make a decision and slide the key in the lock . it 's the right key . she open the locker and discover what 's inside ... nothing . she observe the empty content for a few second , defeat . 61 . 83 ext . STREET , downtown -- day 83 marina run through the street . she pull a taxi over and jump in . a man be in there . marina get out , Sir , I have a emergency . man on taxi I have a emergency too . marina ( scream ) get out ! the man get out . marina ( cont 'd ) ( nicer again ) take alameda St. please sir . marina ride on the taxi . 84 ext . cemetery parking lot -- day 84 marina walk through the cemetery parking lot , amongst car that be already on they way out . a car approach she from behind , honk : bruno be drive , Sonia be sit beside he , and gabo be in the backseat . bruno stop the car suddenly when he see she . she turn around and stand stiff . bruno marina . what the fuck be you do here ! sonia the ceremony be over , go home ! bruno could you please leave we in peace ! sonia move , move ! crazy man ! move ! gabo Sonia , she be a woman . 85 86 62 . bruno she be not a woman . marina continue stand , she do not pretend to move . bruno ( cont 'd ) move ! move ! make - up faggot ! marina impulsively put one foot on the rear bumper and jump onto the car 's trunk , then walk onto the roof and violently jump up and down on it . gabo no , marina , please do not do that ! marina I want ! my! Dog ! she then spring forward , let herself fall onto the windshield , beat on it with the palm of she hand . marina slide off of the car deftly . Sonia scream while bruno and gabo observe this , freeze . marina walk to bruno 's window . marina ( cont 'd ) here you have Orlando 's key ... she throw they inside . the car leave . marina be leave on she own in the parking lot . ext . cemetery cinerary -- day 85 marina walk and arrive at the cinerary building , which look like a small chapel . int . cemetery cinerary -- day 86 marina enter the cinerary . it 's completely empty , except for a cleaning lady who be put out a bunch of candle . marina be this where Orlando onetto 's ceremony be hold ? cleaning lady I do not know . I just clean here . marina might you know where be he ? 87 88 89 90 63 . cleaning lady no idea , m'am marina leave this impersonal place , look frustrated . ext . cemetery cinerary -- day 87 marina observe the empty garden ... she look defeat . marina be take aback when she feel someone pass close by ... it 's orlando , who be already walk towards the back of the cinerary building . she follow he . ext . cinerary patio - car ramp -- day 88 marina follow Orlando down a car ramp that lead to a underground level . int . cinerary underground level -- day 89 Orlando enter a underground hallway . marina follow he . she take a look around : pile up casket , candle stump , a heap of wilting flower , break statue ... orlando push she up against the wall behind she . marina try to push he away in terrify silence , but Orlando corner and kiss she . but after a while , she give in to a long and heartfelt kiss . Orlando take a few step back . marina , panting , bring one hand up to she mouth . Orlando enter through a metallic gate . she follow he and tire to open the door , its close . marina dispair . marina ( shouting ) open up !! the door open . int . incineration room -- day 90 marina enter the incineration room , artless and technologic . two employees be with Orlando 's body on top of a metallic sheet . 91 92 93 94 95 96 64 . employee come in . marina thank you . the employees leave and marina walk to Orlando . he be with a black suite . marina hold he hand , she cry . one of the employees come back again . he enter the metallic sheet on the dark cavity . the window close and marina , undaunted , watch as Orlando 's body be disintegrated in the fire . ext . hill . day / night 91 marina dress sport . she run together with diabla . int . marina 's new apartment - bedroom -- night 92 marina be naked on top of she bed . diabla lie with she . she have a little circular mirror on top of she leg that cover she sex area . the mirror reflect she face . int . marina 's new apartment - kitchen -- night 93 marina , all fix up to go out , leave diabla with some food on it 's plate . marina bye , diabla . she leave the apartment and give a box hit to a puching ball . int . taxi -- night 94 marina be riding in the taxi , look fantastic . ext . theater entrance -- night 95 she enter in a elegant theater . she walk downstairs . int . theater backstage -- night 96 marina be backstage in this sophisticated theater , wait for she turn , she look at the mirror . 97 65 . int . theater stage -- night 97 it 's now marina 's turn . she begin to sing with intensity and conviction . her move voice fill the space ... the end