a few good men screenplay by Aaron sorkin revise third draft ( c ) July 15 , 1991 fade in : ext . a sentry tower -- -- in the middle of the night , in the middle of nowhere . small beam of light come from lamp attach to the tower cut through the ground mist . we hear all the unidentifiable sound of night in the wood . we also hear , very , very faintly , a slow , deliberate drum cadence . and as this start , we begin to move slowly up the tower , more become visible now : ... the sandbag on the ground pile ten-high ... the steel , fire escape- type stairway wrapping around the structure and lead to the lookout post , and finally ... the lookout post , maybe forty foot off the ground . stand the post be the silhouette of a marine . he 's hold a rifle and stare straight out . the drum cadence have be building slightly . CUT to : a wider shot of the fenceline . and we see by the moonlight that the tall wire - mesh fence wind its way far , far into the distance . subtitle : united state naval bas guantanamo bay - cuba . the drum cadence continue , and we CUT to : int . a marine barracks we hear two pair of footstep and then CUT to : the barracks corridor where we see that the footstep belong to dawson and downey , two young marine who we will get to know later . they stop when they get to a certain door . the drum cadence be still grow . dawson put he hand on the doorknob and turn it slowly . he open 's the door and they walk into int . santiago's room - night willy santiago , a young , very slight marine , lie asleep in he bunk . dawson kneel down by the bed , put he hand on santiago be shoulder and shake he gently . santiago open he yes , look at dawson , and for a moment there 's nothing wrong -- -- and then santiago 's eye fill with terror . he lunge out of the bed ---- but forget about it . in one flash dawson and downey grab he out of bed , and before the scream can come out , downey 's shove a piece of cloth into santiago 's mouth . everything that happen next occur with speed , precision and professionalism . -- a strip of duct tape be pull , rip , and slap onto he mouth and eye -- -- a length of rope be wrap around he hand and foot . downey ( quietly ) you be lucky it 's we , willy . -- a arm grab he tightly around the neck , not choke he , just hold he head still -- -- the drum cadence have build to a crescendo . we hear four sharp blast from a whistle and we smash CUT to : ext . the WASHINGTON navy yard - day and the drum cadence we have be hearing have turn into semper fidelis and it 's come from the U.S. marine corp band , a sight to behold in they red and gold uniform and polished silver and brass . the band be perform on the huge and lush parade grounds before a crowd make up mostly of tourist and day - camper . as the title roll , we watch the band do they thing from various angle . incredible precision be the name of the game . each polished black shoe hit the ground as if they be all attach by a rod . each drumstick raise to though same fraction of a centimeter before strike . a rifle drill team that can not possibly be human . flag , banner , the work . subtitle : the WASHINGTON navy yard , WASHINGTON , d.c . CUT to : high angle of the entire band a we end credit . CUT to : ext . a red brick build - day it 's a important building , a main building . a few sailer enter and exit and CUT to : a woman as she walk across the courtyard toward the brick building . the woman be joanne galloway , a navy lawyer in she early 30' . she 's bright , attractive , impulsive , and have a tendency to speak quickly . if she have any friend , they would call she jo . as she walk , she mutter to herself ... jo I be request ... I be ... Captain , I would like to request that I be the attorney assign to rep -- I would like to request that it be myself who be assign to represent -- ( she stop ) " that it be myself who be assign to represent " ? ... good , jo , that 's confidence inspiring . we follow jo , still mutter , as she walk into the brick building which bear the seal of the UNITED states navy - judge advocate general' corp CUT to : int . west's office - day as jo enter . captain west and two other officer , gibb and lawrence , sit around a conference table . gibb jo , come on in . jo thank you , sir . gibb Captain West , this be Lt. Commander galloway . jo , you know Mike lawrence . jo yes sir. ( to west ) Captain , I appreciate you see I on such short notice . west I understand there be some trouble over the weekend down in Cuba . jo yes sir .. this past Friday evening . two marine , corporal harold Dawson and private louden downey , enter the barrack room of a pfc William santiago and assault he . santiago die at the base hospital approximately a hour later . the nis agent who take they statement maintain they be try to prevent santiago from name they in a fenceline shoot incident . they be schedule to have a hearing down in Cuba at 4:00 this afternoon . lawrence what 's the problem ? jo Dawson and downey be both recruiting poster marine and santiago be know to be a screw - up . I be think that it sound a awful lot like a code red . jo let this sink in a moment . west ( under he breath ) Christ . jo I would like they move up to Washington and assign counsel . someone who can really look into this . someone who possess not only the legal skill , but a familiarity with the inner working of the military . in short , Captain , I would like to suggest that ... I be the one who , that it be I who be assign to represent they . ( beat ) myself . jo look around the room for a response . west joanne , why do not you get yourself a cup of coffee . jo thank you , sir , I be fine . west joanne , I would like you to leave the room so we can talk about you behind you back . jo certainly , sir . jo get up and walk out . west I think this code Red shit be not go on any - more . lawrence with the marine at gitmo ? who the hell know what go on down there . west well let find out before the rest of the world do , this thing could get messy . what about this woman ? lawrence jo 's be work a desk at internal affair for what , almost a year now . west and before that ? gibb she dispose of three case in two year . west Three case in two year ? who be she handle , the rosenbergs ? gibb she 's not cut out for litigation . lawrence she 's a hall of a investigator , Jerry -- gibb in internal affair , sure . she can crawl up a lawyer 's ass with the best of them , but when it come to trial work -- west I know . all passion , no street smart . bring she back in . lawrence go to the door and motion for jo to come back in . west ( continue ) Commander , we be gonna move the defendant up here in the morning . jo thank you , sir . west and I will have division assign they counsel .. jo ( beat ) but ... not I . west from what I understand from you colleague , you be much too valuable in you present assignment to be waste on what I be sure will boil down to a five minute plea bargain and a week 's worth of paper work . jo Sir -- west do not worry about it . I promise you , division will assign the right man for the job . CUT to : ext . softball field - day the right man for the job his name be lieutenant junior grade daniel allistair kaffee , and it 's almost impossible not to like he . at the moment he 's hit fungoe to about a dozen lawyer who be spread out on the softball field on a corner of the bass . the ' 27 yankee they be not , but they could probably hold they own against a group of , say , airforce dentist . kaffee 's in he late 20' , 15 month out of Harvard Law School , and a brilliant legal mind wait for a courageous spirit to drive it . he be , at this point in he life , passionate about nothing ... except maybe softball . kaffee ( call out to the team ) alright , let 's get two ! he smack one to the second base . the ball bounce right between he leg . second base sorry ! kaffee nothing to be sorry about , sherby . just look the ball into you glove . he smack one out to the same place . it bounce off the heel of sherby 's glove and into center field . second base ( sherby ) sorry ! kaffee you gotta trust I , sherby . you keep you eye open , you chance of catch the ball increase by a factor of ten . spradling , a young naval officer , sweaty and out of breath , walk up behind the backstop . spradling kaffee ! kaffee let 's try it again . spradling kaffee !! kaffee ( turn ) Dave . you seem upset and distraught . spradling we be suppose to meet in you office 15 minute ago to talk about the McDermott case . you be stalling on this thing . now we get this do and I mean now , or no kid , kaffee , I will hang you boy from a fuckin ' yardarm . kaffee a yardarm ? ( call out ) sherby , do the navy still hang people from yardarm ? sherby ( call back ) I do not think so , Danny . kaffee ( back to spradling ) Dave , sherby do not think the navy hang people from yardarm anymore . ( back to the field ) let 's go , let 's get two ! he go back to hit fungoe . spradling I be gonna charge he with possession and be under the influence while on duty . plead guilty and I will recommend 30 day in the brig with loss of rank and pay . kaffee it be oregano , Dave , it be ten dollar worth of oregano . spradling yeah , well you client think it be marijuana . kaffee my client 's a moron , that 's not against the law . swapp ! the third baseman take one in the face . kaffee ( continue ) ow . that have to hurt . ( call out ) Way to keep you head in the play , lester . walk it off ! spradling I have get people to answer to just like you , I be gonna charge he . kaffee with what , possession of a condiment ? spradling kaffee -- kaffee Dave , I have try to help you out of this , but if you ask for tall time , I be gonna file a motion to dismiss . spradling you will not get it . kaffee I will get it . kaffee ( continue ) and if the mt be deny , I will file a motion in liminee seek to obtain evidentiary ruling in advance , and after that I be gonna file against pre-trial confinement , and you be gonna spend a entire summer go blind on paperwork because a signalman second class buy and smoke a dime bag of oregano . spradling B misdemeanor , 20 day in the brig . kaffee C misdemeanor , 15 day restrict duty . spradling I do not know why I be agree to this . kaffee ' Cause you have wisdom beyond you year . Dave , can you play third base ? int . conference room - day about 16 navy and marine lawyer ( several of whom be woman ) be take they seat around a large conference table . a paralegal be hand out folder and some photocopy papers to the lawyer . we might notice that one of the lawyer be Lieutenant junior grade SAM weinberg . Sam 's serious and studious look . if he be not in uniform , you would not guess that he be a naval officer . captain whitaker walk in . whitaker ' Morning . lawyer ( school class ) ' Morning Captain whitaker . whitaker Sam , how 's the baby ? SAM I think she 's ready to say she first word any day now . whitaker how can you tell ? SAM she just look like she have something to say . kaffee walk in . kaffee Excuse I , sorry I be late . whitaker I be sure you do not have a good excuse , so I will not force you to come up with a bad one . kaffee thank you , Isaac , that 's nice of you . whitaker sit-down , this first one 's for you . he hand kaffee some file . whitaker ( continue ) you be move up in the world , Danny , you have be request by division . " oooh " 's and " ahhh " be from the other lawyer . ( subtle note : kaffee do not want to move up in the world . ) kaffee requested to do what ? whitaker hand he a file . whitaker Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . a marine corporal name Dawson illegally fire a round from he weapon over the fenceline and into Cuban territory . kaffee what 's a fenceline ? whitaker Sam ? SAM a big wall separate the good guy from the bad guy . kaffee teacher pet . whitaker pfc William santiago threaten to rat on Dawson to the Naval investigative service . Dawson and another member of he squad , pfc louden downey , they go into santiago 's room , tie he up , and stuff a rag down he throat . a hour later , santiago 's dead . attend physician say the rag be treat with some kind of toxin . kaffee they poison the rag ? whitaker not accord to they . kaffee what do they say ? whitaker not much . they be be fly up here tomorrow and on Thursday at 0600 you will catch a transport down to Cuba for the day to find out what you can . meantime , go across the yard and see Lt. Commander joanne galloway . she 's the one who have them bring up here . she will fill you in on whatever she have . any question ? kaffee the flight to Cuba , be that 0600 in the morning , sir ? whitaker it seem important to division that this one be handle by the book , so I be assign co-counsel . any volunteer ? SAM no. whitaker Sam . SAM I have a stack of paper on my desk -- whitaker work with kaffee on this . SAM do what ? kaffee will finish this up in four day . whitaker do various ... administrative ... you know ... thing . back -up . whatever . SAM in other word I have no responsibility whatsoever . whitaker right . SAM my kinda case . CUT to : int . jox office - day jo sit behind she desk . kaffee and SAM stand in the doorway .. kaffee knock politely . jo look up . kaffee hi. ( beat ) I be Daniel kaffee . I be tell to meet with -- ( check note ) -- Commander galloway . jo be stare at he . kaffee do not know why . kaffee ( continue ) about a briefing . jo be find this hard to believe . jo you be the attorney that division assign ? kaffee I be lead counsel . this be Sam weinberg . SAM I have no responsibility here whatsoever . jo 's deeply puzzle . jo ( beat ) come in , please , have a seat .. kaffee and SAM come into the office and sit . jo ( continue ) Lieutenant , how long have you be in the navy ? kaffee go on nine month now . jo and how long have you be out of law school ? kaffee a little over a year . jo ( beat ) I see . kaffee have I do something wrong ? jo no . it 's just that when I petition division to have counsel assign , I be hope I would be take seriously . kaffee and SAM exchange a look . kaffee ( to jo ) no offense take , if you be wonder . SAM Commander , Lt. kaffee 's generally consider the best litigator in we office . he 's successfully plea bargain 44 case in nine month . kaffee one more , and I get a set of steak knife . jo have you ever be in a courtroom ? kaffee I once have my driver license suspend . SAM Danny -- kaffee Commander , from what I understand , if this thing go to court , they will not need a lawyer , they will need a priest . jo no . they will need a lawyer . during this , she will hand kaffee a series of file , which kaffee will pass to SAM without even glance at they . jo ( continue ) Dawson 's family have be contact . downey 's close live relative be Ginny Miller , he aunt on he mother 's side , she have not be contact yet . none of this really mean anything to kaffee . jo ( continue ) would you like I to take care of that ? kaffee sure , if you feel like it . jo take another beat to size this guy up . jo one of the people you will be speak to down there be the barrack c.o. , Colonel Nathan jessep , I assume you have hear of he . kaffee ( beat ) who have not ? SAM ( to kaffee ) he 's be in the papers lately . he 's expect to be appoint director of Operations for the National Security counsel . pass kaffee another file -- jo this be letter that santiago write in he 8 month at gitmo -- SAM ( whisper to kaffee ) Guantanamo Bay . kaffee I know that one . jo he write to he recruiter , the fleet commander , hq , Atlantic , even he senator . he want a transfer . nobody be listen . you with I ? kaffee yes . jo this last letter to the Naval investigative service -- she hand it to kaffee who hand it to Sam -- jo ( continue ) -- where he offer information about corporal Dawson 's fenceline shoot in exchange for a transfer , be just a last ditch effort . kaffee right . be that all ? jo ( beat ) Lieutenant , this letter make it look like you client have a motive to kill santiago . kaffee gotcha. ( beat ) and santiago be .... who ? jo ( beat ) the victim . kaffee ( to SAM ) write that down . ( to jo ) be I correct in assume that this letter do not paint a flatter picture of marine corps life in Guantanamo Bay ? jo yes , among other -- kaffee and be I further right in assume that a protract investigation of this incident might cause some embarrassment for the security counsel guy . jo Colonel jessep , yes , but -- kaffee twelve year . jo I be sorry ? kaffee twelve year . I can get it knock down to involuntary manslaughter . twelve year . jo you have not talk to a witness , you have not look at a piece of paper . kaffee pretty impressive , huh ? jo you be gonna have to go deeper than just -- kaffee Commander , do you have some sort of jurisdiction here that I should know about ? jo my job be to make sure you do you job . I be special counsel for Internal affair , so my jurisdiction 's pretty much in you face . read the letter . you be not under any obligation , but I would appreciate a report when you get back from Cuba . kaffee sure . kaffee get up without wait for jo to say -- jo you be dismiss . kaffee sorry , I always forget that . kaffee 's go . SAM 's stand in the doorway . SAM he 's a little preoccupy . ( beat ) the team 's play Bethesda Medical next week . jo tell you friend not to get cute down there . the marine in guantanimo be fanatical . SAM about what ? and in voice over we hear -- santiago ( v.0 . ) dear Sir , jo about be marine . CUT to : ext . cuban field - day a series of shot - day and while we hear the letter read in v.0. , what we be see be this : santiago 's life in guantanimo Bay over the last 8 month . he have a rough time of it . the shot should include : -- santiago run along at the rear of a group of marine . it 's be over seven mile and he 's matte with sweat . a sergeant run up along side , grab he back , and push he to keep up with the group . santiago fall , struggle to get back up and keep run , and CUT to : ext . marine barracks - day -- santiago do push -up alone in the rain . he 's be supervise by a sergeant who see to it that he face hit the mud every time down and CUT to : int . mess hall - day -- santiago sit alone in the mess hall , not a friend within four seat of he and CUT to : ext . marine barracks - day -- santiago be chew out by a Lieutenant in front of he squad and CUT to : ext . rocky hill - day -- santiago run with the squad of marine again , this time down a rocky hill . it 's hot as hell and it look like he 's gonna pass out . he stumble , and the sergeant pick he up and push he down the hill . he roll about 30 foot before he stop . over this , we hear santiago ( v.0 . ) " ... my name be pfc William T. santiago . I be a marine station at Marine barrack , rifle Security company windward , second platoon Delta . I be write to inform you of my problem with my unit here in Cuba and to ask for you help . I have fall out on run before for several reason such as feel dizzy or nauseate , but on May 18th , I would fall back about 20 or 30 yard go down a rocky , unstable hill . my sergeant grab I and push I down the hill . then I see all black and the last thing I remember be hit the deck . I be bring to the hospital where I be tell I just have heat exhaustion and be explain to by the doctor that my body have trouble with the hot sun and I hyperventilate . I ask you to help I . please sir . I just need to be transfer out of rsc . sincerely . pfc William T. santiago . U.S. Marine Corps . " at this point , with santiago 's letter still in v.0. , we CUT to : int . jessep' office - day the letter - day it 's the last paragraph of the letter we have be hearing , and at the moment , we can not see the hand that be hold it . santiago ( v.0 . ) " p.s . in exchange for my transfer off the base , I be willing to provide you with information about a illegal fenceline shoot that occur the night of August 2nd . " and as this last word be speak , we pull back to reveal colonel nathan R. jessep , who drop the letter he 's be read on he desk , where it join a stack of other letter just like it . jessep 's a bear leader , consider in many circle to be one of the real fair- haire boy of the Corps . he 's smart as a whip with a sense of humor to match . as soon as he drop the letter , he say jessep who the fuck be pfc William T. santiago . he 's talk to he two senior officer . captain markinson be in he late 40' . he 's a career marine and a nice guy in a world where nice guy may not finish last , but they sure as shit do not finish first . Lt. jonathan jame kendrick be 26 , from Georgia , and a Academy graduate . if you ask he he would tell you that the gate to heaven be guard by the U.S. Marine Corps . kendrick Sir , santiago be a member of second platoon , Delta . jessep yeah , well , apparently he 's not very happy down here at shangri- La , cause he 's write letter to everyone but Santa Claus ask for a transfer . and now he 's tell tale about a fenceline shoot . he toss the letter over to markinson . markinson be look it over . jessep be wait for a response . jessep ( continue ) Matthew ? markinson I be appal , sir . jessep you be appal ? this kid break the chain of Command and he ratted on a man of he unit , to say nothing of the fact that he 's a U.S. Marine and it would appear that he can not run from here to there without collapse from heat exhaustion . what the fuck 's go on over at windward , Matthew ? markinson Colonel , I think perhaps it would be better to hold this discussion in private . kendrick that will not be necessary , Colonel , I will handle the situation . markinson the same way you handle the curtis barne incident ? you be do something wrong , Lieutenant this -- kendrick my method of leadership be -- markinson do not interrupt I , I be still you superior officer . jessep and I be yours , Matthew . the room calm down for a moment . jessep ( continue ) I want to know what we be gonna do about this . markinson I think santiago should be transfer off the base . right away . jessep he 's that bad , huh ? markinson not only that , but word of this letter 's bound to get out . the kid 's gonna get he ass kick . jessep transfer santiago . yes I suppose you be right . I suppose that 's the thing to do . wait . wait . I have get a better idea . let 's transfer the whole squad off the base . let 's -- on second think - windward . the whole windward division , let 's transfer them off the base . jon , go on out there and get that boy down off the fence , they be pack they bag . ( call out ) Tom ! the orderly cone in from the outer office . orderly Sir ! jessep get I the President on the phone , we be surrender we position in Cuba . orderly yes sir ! jessep wait a minute , Tom . the orderly stop . jessep ( continue ) do not call the President just yet . maybe we should consider this for a second . maybe -- and I be just spit balling here - but maybe we as officer have a responsibility to train santiago . maybe we as officer have a responsibility to this country to see that the man and woman charge with its security be train professional . yes . I be certain I once read that somewhere . and now I be think that you suggestion of transfer santiago , while expeditious , and certainly painless , might not be in a manner of speak , the american way . santiago stay where he be . we be gonna train the lad . you be in charge , jon . santiago do not make 4.1 on he next fitness report , I be gonna blame you . then I be gonna kill you . kendrick yes sir . markinson I think that 's a mistake , Colonel . jessep Matthew , I believe I will have that word in private with you now . jon , that 's all . why do not you and I have lunch at the " o " club , we will talk about the training of young William . kendrick yes sir , I would be delighted to hear any suggestion you have . jessep dismiss . kendrick be go . jessep ( continue ) Matthew , sit , please . markinson sit . jessep ( continue ) what do you think of kendrick ? markinson ( beat ) I do not know that -- jessep I think he 's kind of a weasel , myself . but he 's a awfully good officer , and in the end we see eye to eye on the best way to run a marine corps unit . we be in the business of save life , Matthew . that 's a responsibility we have to take pretty seriously . and I believe that take a marine who 's not yet up to the job and pack he off to another assignment , put life in danger . markinson start to stand -- jessep ( continue ) Matthew , siddown . ( beat ) we go back a while . we go to the Academy together , we be commission together , we do we tour in Vietnam together . but I have be promote up through the chain with great speed and success than you have . now if that 's a source of tension or embarrassment for you , well , I do not give a shit . we be in the business of save life , Captain markinson . do not ever question my order in front of another officer . jessep grab he hat and walk out , leave markinson sit all alone , and we CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON navy yard - MAIN gate - day it 's maybe a little hazier today than it be yesterday . a m.p. be wave a procession of three military Police sedan and a fourth unmark car through the gate . the car drive through and we CUT to : ext . the brig - day another red-brick building . a few m.p. be stand out front as the car pull up . as soon as they come to a stop , all the door swing open and various uniform and non-uniformod officer hop out and move to the unmark sedan where they escort dawson and downey , in handcuffs , out of the car . harold dawson 's a handsome , young , black corporal . intense , control , and utterly professional . louden downey 's a 19 - year - old kid off a Iowa farm . he 's happiest when someone be tell he exactly what to do . dawson 's he hero . the two prisoner stand still for a moment . they might as we will be in Oz . downey hal ? dawson do not say anything . downey ( continue ) be this Washington , d.c .? m.p. alright , let 's move . CUT to : ext . softball field - day and kaffee 's at it again . kaffee alright , let 's get tough out there ! jo walk up from behind the backstop . jo Excuse I . kaffee you want to suit up ? we need all the help we can get . jo no , thank you , I can not throw and catch thing . kaffee that 's okay , neither can they . jo I want to talk to you about corporal Dawson and private downey . kaffee say again ? jo Dawson and downey . kaffee ( beat ) that name sound like they should mean something to I , but I be just not -- jo Dawson ! downey ! you client ! kaffee the Cuba thing ! yes ! Dawson and downey . ( beat ) right. ( pause ) I have do something wrong again , have not I ? jo I be wonder why two guy have be in a jail cell since this morning while they lawyer be outside hit a ball . kaffee we need the practice . jo that be not funny . kaffee it be a little funny . jo Lieutenant , would you feel very insulted if I recommend to you supervisor that he assign different counsel ? kaffee why ? jo I do not think you be fit to handle this defense . kaffee you do not even know I . ordinarily it take someone hour to discover I be not fit to handle a defense . jo just stare . kaffee ( continue ) oh come on , that be damn funny . jo move close to kaffee to say this with a degree of confidentiality . jo I do know you . Daniel allistair kaffee , bear June 8th , 1964 at Boston mercy Hospital . you father 's lionel kaffee , former navy judge advocate and Attorney General , of the United States , die 1985 . you go to Harvard Law on a navy scholarship , probably because that 's what you father want you to do , and now you be just tread water for the three year you have gotta serve in the jag Corps , just kinda layin ' low till you can get out and get a real job . and if that 's the situation , that 's fine ' I will not tell anyone . but my feel be that if this case be handle in the same fast - food , slick - ass ' Persian bazaar manner with which you seem to handle everything else , something 's gonna get miss . and I would not be do my job if I allow Dawson and downey to spend any more time in prison than absolutely necessary , because they attorney have pre-determine the path of least resistance . kaffee can not help but be impressed by that speech . kaffee wow. ( beat ) I be sexually arouse , Commander . jo I do not think you client murder anybody . kaffee what be you base this on ? jo there be no intent . kaffee the doctor 's report say that santiago die of asphyxiation bring on by acute lactic acidosis , and that the nature of the acidosis strongly suggest poisoning . ( beat ) now , I do not know what any of that mean , but it sound pretty bad . jo santiago die at one a.m . at three the doctor be unable to determine the cause of death , but two hour later he say it be poison . kaffee oh , now I see what you be say . it have to be Professor plum in the library with the candlestick . jo I be gonna speak to you supervisor . kaffee okay . you go straight up Pennsylvania Avenue . it 's a big white house with pillar in front . jo thank you . kaffee I do not think you will have much luck , though . I be assign by division , remember ? somebody over there think I be a good lawyer . so while I appreciate you interest and admire you enthusiasm , I think I can pretty much handle thing myself . jo do you know what a code red be ? kaffee do not , but he do not say anything . jo ( continue ) what a pity . CUT to : int . the brig - day and a m.p. be leadinq kaffee and SAM down to dawson and downey 's cell . m.p. Officer on deck , ten-hut . dawson and downey come to attention . through the follow , the m.p. will unlock the call door and let the lawyer in . dawson Sir , lance corporal harold W. Dawson , sir . rifle Security company windward , second platoon , Delta . kaffee someone have not be work and play well with other , harold . dawson Sir , yes sir ! downey Sir , pfc louden downey . kaffee I be Daniel kaffee , this be Sam weinerg , you can sitdown . dawson and downey be not too comfortable sit in the presence of officer , but they do as they be tell . kaffee 's pull out some document , SAM 's sit on one of the cot take note . kaffee ( continue ; to dawson ) be this you signature ? dawson yes sir . kaffee you do not have to call I sir . ( to downey ) be this you signature ? downey Sir , yes sir . kaffee and you certainly do not have to do it twice in one sentence . harold , what 's a code Red ? dawson Sir , a code Red be a disciplinary engagement . kaffee what do that mean , exactly ? dawson Sir , a marine fall out of line , it 's up to the man in he unit to get he back on track . kaffee what 's a garden variety code Red ? dawson Sir ? kaffee harold , you say sir and I turn around and look for my father . Danny , Daniel , kaffee . Garden variety ; typical . what 's a basic code Red ? dawson Sir , a marine have refuse to bathe on a regular basis . the man in he squad would give he a g.i. shower . kaffee what 's that ? dawson scrub brushes , brillo pad , steel wool ... SAM beautiful . kaffee be the attack on santiago a code Red ? dawson yes sir . kaffee ( to downey ) do you ever talk ? dawson Sir , private downey will answer any direct question you ask he . kaffee swell . private downey , the rag you stuff in santiago 's mouth , be there poison on it ? downey no sir . kaffee Silver polish , turpentine , anti-freeze .. downey no sir . we be gonna shave he head , sir . kaffee when all of a sudden ... ? downey we see blood drippinq out of he mouth . then we pull the tape off , and there be blood all down he face , sir . that 's when corporal Dawson call the ambulance . kaffee try not to make too big a deal out of this last piece of news . kaffee ( to dawson ) do anyone see you call the ambulance ? dawson no sir . kaffee be you there when the ambulance get there ? dawson yes sir , that 's when we be take under arrest . kaffee kinda stroll to the corner of the cell to think for a moment . SAM ( to dawson ) on the night of August 2nd , do you fire a shot across the fenceline into Cuba ? dawson yes sir . SAM why ? dawson my mirror engage , sir . kaffee ( to SAM ) his mirror engage ? SAM for each american sentry post there 's a Cuban counterpart . they be call mirror . the corporal 's claim that he mirror be about to fire at he . kaffee santiago 's letter to the nis say you fire illegally . he 's say that the guy , the mirror , he never make a move . dawson say nothing . kaffee ( continue ) oh , harold ? SAM be stare at dawson . kaffee ( continue ) you see what I be get at ? if santiago do not have anything on you , then why do you give he a code Red ? dawson because he break the chain of command , sir . kaffee he what ? dawson he go outside he unit , sir . if he have a problem , he should have speak to I , sir . then he sergeant , then company Commander , then -- kaffee yeah , yeah , alright . harold , do you assault santiago with the intent of kill he ? dawson no sir . kaffee what be you intent ? dawson to train he , sir . kaffee train he to do what ? dawson train he to think of he unit before himself . to respect the code . SAM what 's the code ? dawson unit Corps God country . SAM I beg you pardon ? dawson unit Corps God country , sir . kaffee the goverrment of the United States want to charge you two with murder . you want I to go to the prosecutor with unit , corps , god , country ? dawson stare at kaffee . dawson that 's we code , sir . kaffee take a long moment . he pick up he briefcase and he and SAM move to the door . kaffee we will be back . you guy need anything ? book paper , cigarettes , a ham sandwich ? dawson Sir . no thank you . sir. kaffee smile at dawson kaffee harold , I think there 's a concept you better start warming up to . dawson Sir ? kaffee I be the only friend you have get . and as kaffee and SAM walk out the open cell door , dawson and downey come to attention and snap a salute . they hold the salute until kaffee and SAM be well out of sight , and we CUT to : int . kaffee' office - day he 's pack up stuff into he briefcase at the end of the work day . Lt. jack ross , a marine lawyer maybe two year older than kaffee , open the door and walk in .. ross Dan kaffee . kaffee sailin ' Jack Ross . ross welcome to the big time . kaffee you think so ? ross I hope for Dawson and downey 's sake you practice law better than you play softball . kaffee unfortunately for Dawson and downey , I do not do anything better than I play softball . what be we lookin ' at ? ross they plead guilty to manslaughter , I will drop the conspiracy and the conduct unbecome . 20 year , they will be home in half that time . kaffee I want twelve . ross can not do it . kaffee they call the ambulance , Jack . ross I do not care if they call the avon Lady , they kill a marine . kaffee the rag be test for poison . the autopsy , lab report , even the initial e.r. and C.O.D. report . they all say the same thing : maybe , maybe not . ross the Chief of Internal Medicine at the Guantanamo Bay Naval hospital say he 's sure . kaffee what do you know about code reds ? ross smile and shake he head . ross oh man . he close the office door . ross ( continue ) be we off the record ? kaffee you tell I . ross ( pause ) I be gonna give you the twelve year , but before you go get yourself into trouble tomorrow , you should know this : the platoon commander Lt. Jonathan kendrick , have a meeting with the man . and he specifically tell they not to touch santiago . kaffee hold for a moment . Dawson and downey neglect to mention this ... he pack up he briefcase and cleat . kaffee I will talk to you when I get back . ross hey , we get a little four-on - four go tomorrow night . when do you plane get in ? CUT to : ext . the parking lot - dusk it 's dusk and people on the base be go home from work . we can see the flag be lower in the background . kaffee 's walk toward he car . jo intercept he and start walk along with he . jo hi there . kaffee any luck get I replace ? jo be there anyone in this command that you do not either drink or play softball with ? kaffee Commander -- jo listen , I come to make peace . we start off on though wrong foot . what do you say ? Friends ? kaffee look , I do not -- jo by the way , I bring downey some comic book he be ask for . the kid , kaffee , I swear , he do not know where he be , he do not even know why he 's be arrest . kaffee Commander -- jo you can call I joanne . kaffee joanne -- jo or jo. kaffee jo ? jo yes . kaffee jo , if you ever speak to a client of mine again without my permission , I will have you disbarre . Friends ? jo I have authorization . kaffee from where ? jo downey 's close live relative , Ginny Miller , he aunt on he mother 's side . kaffee you get authorization from aunt Ginny ? jo I give she a call like you ask . very nice woman , we talk for about a hour . kaffee you get authorization from aunt Ginny . jo perfectly within my province . kaffee do aunt Ginny have a barn ? we can hold the trial there . I can sew the costume , and maybe he uncle goober can be the judge . jo step aside and let kaffee get into he car . jo I be go to Cuba with you tomorrow . kaffee and the hit just keep on comin' . hold on kaffee and jo. jo smile . CUT to : ext . sidewalk newsstand - dusk kaffee in he car he 's drive down a Washington street and pull over at a sidewalk newsstand . he get out of he car , leave the light flash , and run up to the newsstand . as he plunk he 35 cent down and pick up a newspaper , he engage in he daily ritual with luther , the newsstand operator . kaffee how 's it goin ' , luther ? luther another day , another dollar , captain . kaffee you gotta play them as they lay , luther . luther what come around , go around , you know what I be sayin' . kaffee if you can not beat them , join them . luther hey , if you have get you health , you get everything . kaffee Love make the world go round . I will see you tomorrow , luther . and we CUT to : int . sam' live room - night a baby sleep in a crib pull rack to reveal SAM be stand over the crib . kaffee 's sit on a beer . SAM when Nancy get back , you be my witness . the baby speak . my daughter say a word . kaffee you daughter make a sound , Sam , I be not sure it be a word . SAM oh come on , it be a word . kaffee okay . SAM you hear she . the girl sit here , point , and say " pa " . she do . she say " pa " . kaffee she be point at a doorknob . SAM that 's right . point , as if to say , " pa , look , a doorknob " . SAM join kaffee in the live room . kaffee Jack Ross come to see I today . he offer I twelve year . SAM that 's what you want . kaffee I know , and I will ... I guess , I mean - - ( beat ) I will take it . SAM so ? kaffee it take albout 45 second . he barely put up a fight . SAM ( beat ) Danny , take the twelve year , it 's a gift . kaffee finish off he beer , and stand . kaffee you do not believe they story , do you ? you think they ought to go to jail for the rest of they life . SAM I believe every word they say . and I think they ought to go to jail for the rest of they life . kaffee nod and put down the empty beer bottle . kaffee I will see you tomorrow . Sam open the front door for he and they stand out on the stoop for a moment . SAM remember to wear you white , it 's hot down there . kaffee I do not like the white . SAM nobody like the white , but we be go to Cuba in August . you get dramamine ? kaffee dramamine keep you cool ? SAM dramamine keep you from throw up , you get sick when you fly . kaffee I get sick when I fly because I be afraid of crash into a large mountain , I do not think dramamine will help . SAM I have get some oregano , I hear that work pretty good . kaffee yeah , right . kaffee start toward he car , then turn around . kaffee ( continue ) you know , Ross say the strangest thing to I right before I leave . he say the platoon commander Lieutenant Jonathan kendrick have a meeting with the man and specifically tell they not to touch santiago . SAM so ? kaffee I never mention kendrick . I do not even know who he be . ( beat ) what the hell . ( beat ) I will see you tomorrow . we hold for a moment on kaffee as he walk to he car , then CUT to : ext . the airstrip at guantanamo BAY - day the whole place , in stark contrast to the Washington navy yard , be ready to go to war . fighter jet line the tarmac . Ground crew re-fuel plane . hurried activity . a 36 seat airforce jet roll to a stop on the tarmac and a stair unit be bring up . howard , a marine corporal , be wait by the stairway as the passenger begin to get off . mostly marine , a few sailer , a couple of civilian , and kaffee , jo and SAM . kaffee and SAM be wear they summer white , jo be in khakis . kaffee and SAM stare out at what they see : they be not in Kansas anymore . howard shout over the noise from the plane . howard lieutenant kaffee and weinberg ? kaffee ( shouting ) yeah . jo Commander galloway . howard I be corporal Howard , mar 'am , I be to escort you to the windward side of the base . jo thank you . howard I have get some camouflage jacket in the back of the jeep , sir , I will have to ask you both to put they on . kaffee camouflage jacket ? howard regulation , sir . we will be riding pretty close to the fenceline . the cuban see a officer wear white , they think it 's someone they might wanna take a shot at . kaffee turn and glare at SAM . kaffee good call , Sam . CUT to : ext . cuban road - the jeep - day tearing along down the road , and now we see a beautiful expanse of water , maybe 1000 yard across . it 's a section of Guantanamo Bay . howard ( shouting ) we will just hop on the ferry and be over there in no time . kaffee ( shouting ) whoa ! hold it ! we gotta take a boat ?! howard yes sir , to get to the other side of the bay . kaffee nobody say anything about a boat . howard ( shouting ) be there a problem , sir ? kaffee ( shouting ) no . no problem . I be just not that crazy about boat , that 's all . jo ( shouting ) Jesus Christ , kaffee , you be in the navy for cryin ' out loud ! kaffee ( shouting ) nobody like she very much . howard ( shouting ) yes sir . the jeep drive on and we CUT to : jessep , markinson and kendrick be stand as the lawyer be lead in . jessep Nathan jessep , come on in and siddown . kaffee thank you . I be Daniel kaffee , I be the attorney for Dawson and downey . this be joanne galloway , she 's observe and evaluate -- jo ( shaking hand ) Colonel . jessep please to meet you , Commander . kaffee Sam weinberg . he have no responsibility here whatsoever . jessep I have ask Captain markinson and Lt. kendrick to join we . markinson Lt. kaffee , I have the pleasure of see you father once . I be a teenager and he speak at my high school . kaffee smile and nod . jessep lionel kaffee ? kaffee yes sir . jessep well what do you know . Son , this man 's dad once make a lot of enemy down in you neck of the wood . jefferson vs. madison County School District . the folk down there say a little black girl could not go to a all white school , lionel kaffee say we will just see about that . how the hell be you dad ? kaffee he pass away seven year ago , colonel . jessep ( pause ) well ... do not I feel like the fuckin , asshole . kaffee not at all , sir . jessep well , what can we do for you , Danny . kaffee not much at all , sir , I be afraid . this be really a formality more than anything else . the jag Corps insist that I interview all the relevant witness . jo the jag Corps can be demand that way . jessep smile . jessep jonanthan will take you out and show you what you wanna see , then we can all hook up for lunch , how do that sound ? kaffee Fine , sir . CUT to : ext . the fenceline - day a squad of marine jog by as a jeep carry kendrick and the three lawyer cruise down the road . we follow the jeep . kaffee I understand you have a meeting with you man that afternoon . kendrick yes . kaffee what would you guy talk about ? kendrick I tell the man that there be a informer among we . and that despite any desire they might have to seek retribution , private santiago be not to be harme in any way . kaffee what time be that meeting ? kendrick sixteen-hundr . kaffee turn around and look at SAM . SAM ( lean forward ) four o'clock . CUT to : int . the barracks corridor - day kendrick lead the lawyer down the corridor to santiago 's room . two strip of tape which warn do not enter - at order of the military police be crisscross over the close door . they open the door and step under the tape and walk into int . santiago's room - day the room be exactly a it be leave that night . the un - make bed , the chair knock over ... the lawyer look around for a moment . the room be sparse . kaffee go to the closet and open it : a row of uniform hang neatly . he thumb through then for a second , but there 's nothing there . he open the footlocker : sock , underwear ... all fold to marine corp precision ... a shave kit , a couple of photograph , a pad of write paper and some envelope ... kaffee close the footlocker . kaffee Sam , somebody should see about get this stuff to he parent . we do not need it anymore . kendrick actually , the uniform belong to the marine corps . the lawyer take a moment . kaffee Lt. kendrick -- can I call you jon ? kendrick no , you may not . kaffee ( beat ) have I do something to offend you ? kendrick no , I like all you navy boy . every time we have gotta go someplace and fight , you fella always give we a ride . jo Lt. kendrick , do you think santiago be murder ? kendrick Commander , I believe in God , and in he son Jesus Christ , and because I do , I can say this : private santiago be dead and that 's a tragedy . but he 's dead because he have no code . he 's dead because he have no honor . and God be watch . SAM turn to kaffee . SAM how do you feel about that theory ? kaffee ( beat ) sound good . let 's move on . SAM and kendrick walk out the door . jo stop kaffee . jo you plan on do any investigate or be you just gonna take the guide tour ? kaffee ( beat ) I be pace myself . CUT to : int . the officer club - day jessep , markinson , kendrick and the lawyer be seat at a table in the corner . steward clear the lunch dish and pour coffee . jessep be finish a story . jessep ... and they spend the next three hour run around , look for Americans to surrender to . jessep laugh . kendrick join he . SAM and kaffee force a laugh . markinson force a smile . jo remain silent . jessep ( continue ; to the steward ) that be delicious , man , thank you . steward we pleasure , sir . kaffee Colonel just need to ask you a couple of question about August 6th . jessep shoot . kaffee on the morning of the sixth , you be contact by a nis angent who say that santiago have tip he off to a illegal fenceline shoot . jessep yes . kaffee santiago be gonna reveal the person 's name in exchange for a transfer . a I get this right ? jessep yes . kaffee if you feel there be any detail that I be miss , you should feel free to speak up . jessep 's not quite sure what to say to this navy lawyer Lieutenant - smartass guy who just give he permission to speak freely on he own base . jessep thank you . kaffee now it be at this point that you call Captain markinson and Lt. kendrick into you office ? jessep yes . kaffee and what happen then ? jessep we agree that for he own safety , santiago should be transfer off the base . here 's something else kaffee do not know . neither do jo. SAM jot something down on a small notepad . markinson do not flinch . kaffee santiago be set to be transfer ? jessep on the first available flight to the state . six the next morning . Three hour too late as it turn out . kaffee nod . kaffee yeah . there 's silence for a moment . kaffee take a sip of he coffee . then drain the cup and put it down . kaffee ( continue ) alright , that 's all I have . thanks very much for you time . kendrick the corporal 's get the jeep outside , he will take you back to the airstrip . kaffee ( stand ) thank you . jo wait a minute , I have get some question . kaffee no you do not . jo yes I do . kaffee no you do not . jo Colonel , on the morning that santiago die , do you meet with Doctor Stone between three and five ? kaffee jo -- jessep of course I meet with the doctor . one of my man be dead . kaffee ( to jo ) see ? the man be dead . let 's go . jo ( to jessep ) I be wonder if you have ever hear the term code Red . kaffee jo -- jessep I have hear the term , yes . jo Colonel , this past February , you receive a cautionary memo from the Naval investigative service , warning that the practice of enlist man discipline they own be not to be condon by officer . jessep I submit to you that whoever write that memo have never serve on the work end of a Soviet - make Cuban ml- al6 assault rifle . however , the directive have come from the nis , I give it its due attention . what 's you point , jo ? kaffee she have no point . she often have no point . it 's part of she charm . we be outta here . thank you . jo my point be that I think code red still go on down here . do code reds still happen on this base , colonel ? kaffee jo , the colonel do not need to answer that . jo yes he do . kaffee no , he really do not . jo yeah , he really do . Colonel ? jessep you know it just hit I . she outrank you , Danny . kaffee yes sir . jessep I want to tell you something Danny and listen up ' cause I mean this : you be the luckiest man in the world . there be , believe I gentleman , nothing sexier on earth than a woman you have to salute in the morning . promote them all I say . jo 's not upset . jo 's not mad . but she 's gonna ask she question ' till she get a answer . jo Colonel , the practice of code reds be still condon by officer on this base , be not it ? jessep you see my problem be , of course , that I be a Colonel . I will just have to keep take cold shower ' till they elect some gal President . jo I need a answer to my question , sir . jessep take caution in you tone , Commander . I be a fair guy , but this fuckin ' heat 's make I absolutely crazy . you want to know about code red ? on the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the nis directive . off the record I tell you that it 's a invaluable part of close infantry training , and if it happen to go on without my knowledge , so be it . I run my base how I run my base . you want to investigate I , roll the dice and take you chance . I eat breakfast 80 yard away from 4000 cuban who be train to kill I . so do not for one second think you be gonna come down here , flash a badge , and make I nervous . a moment of tense silence before -- kaffee let 's go . Colonel , I will just need a copy of santiago 's transfer order . jessep what 's that ? kaffee santiago 's transfer order . you guy have paper work on that kind of thing , I just need it for the file . jessep for the file . kaffee yeah . jessep ( pause ) of course you can have a copy of the transfer order . for the file . I be here to help anyway I can . kaffee thank you . jessep you believe that , do not you ? Danny ? that I be here to help anyway I can ? kaffee of course . jessep the corporal will run you by ordinance on you way out to the airstrip . you can have all the transfer order you want . kaffee ( to jo and SAM ) let 's go . the lawyer start to leave . jessep but you have to ask I nicely . kaffee stop . turn around . Sam and jo stop and turn . kaffee I beg you pardon ? jessep you have to ask I nicely . you see , Danny , I can deal with the bullet and the bomb and the blood . I can deal with the heat and the stress and the fear . I do not want money and I do not want medal . what I want be for you to stand there in that faggoty white uniform , and with you Harvard mouth , extend I some fuckin ' courtesy . you gotta ask I nicely . kaffee and jessep be freeze . everyone 'stare at kaffee ; the officer at they table ... kendrick ... SAM ... markinson ... jo ... kaffee make he decision . kaffee Colonel jessep ... if it 's not too much trouble , I would like a copy of the transfer order . Sir . jessep smile . jessep no problem . hold for a moment . jo 's very disappointed . jessep stand there and watch the lawyer as they turn and leave the Officer 's Club . jessep ( continue ) I hate casualty , Matthew . there be casualty even in victory . a marine smother a grenade and save he platoon , that marine 's a hero . the foundation of the unit , the fabric of this base , the spirit of the Corps , they be thing worth fight for . markinson look at the ground . jessep ( continue ) Dawson and downey , they do not know it , but they be smother a grenade . markinson look up as we CUT to : ext . andrews airforce base - dusk as a plane touch down on the runway . it 's dusk in Washington and CUT to : ext . kaffee' apartment - day a little one- bedroom . just the essential furniture , barely even that . kaffee 's sit and watch a baseball come on t.v. he 's hold a copy of the Baseball encyclopedia , normally he favorite read material , but right now he 's have trouble keep he mind in it . he 's hold a baseball bat and fiddling with it . the remnant of a pizza and yoo- hoo dinner sit next to he . his white uniform in a pile in the corner . there 's a buzz at the door . kaffee 's not expect anyone . he go to the door . kaffee who be it ? jo ( o.s. ) it 's I . kaffee open the door and jo walk in . kaffee I have really miss you , jo . I be just say to myself , " it 's be almost three hour since I last see - - " jo markinson resign he commission . kaffee ( pause ) when ? jo this afternoon . sometime after we leave . kaffee I will talk to he in the morning . jo I already try , I can not find he . kaffee you try ? joanne , you be come dan - gerously close to the textbook definition of interfere with a government investigation . jo hand kaffee the file she 's be hold . jo I be louden downey 's attorney . kaffee 's stunne . he open the file and begin to read . jo ( continue ) aunt Ginny . she say she feel like she 's know I for year . I suggest that she might feel more comfortable if I be directly involved with the case . she have louden sign the papers about a hour ago . kaffee look up . still too stunne to say anything . then finally ... kaffee I suppose it 's way too much to hope that you be just make this up to bother I . jo do not worry , I be not gonna make a motion for separation , you be still lead counsel . kaffee hand she back the file . kaffee splendid . jo I think kendrick order the code red. ( beat ) so do you . CUT to : int . a holding room in the brig - night dawson and downey come to attention as kaffee and jo be lead in . dawson Officer on deck , ten hut . kaffee start in immediately . kaffee do kendrick order the code red ? dawson Sir ? kaffee do not say sir like I just ask you if you clean the latrine . you hear what I say . do Lt. kendrick order you guy to give santiago a code red ? dawson yes sir . kaffee ( to downey ) do he ? downey yes sir . kaffee you mind tell I why the hell you never mention this before ? dawson you do not ask we , sir . kaffee cutie-pie shit 's not gonna win you a place in my heart , corporal , I get pay no matter how much time you spend in jail . dawson yes sir . I know you do , sir . kaffee fuck you , harold . there 's some understandable tension in the room , break by -- jo alright . let 's sort this out . there be a platoon meeting on August 6th at four in the afternoon . and Lt. kendrick , he give strict instruction that nothing be to happen to santiago . now be that true ? I want you to speak freely . dawson ma'am , that 's correct . but then he dismiss the platoon and we all go to we room . jo and what happen then ? dawson Lt. kendrick come to we room , mar 'am . kaffee when ? dawson about five minute after the meeting break , sir . about 16:20 . kaffee ( continue ) and what happen then ? dawson Lt. kendrick order we to give santiago a code Red . CUT to : int . the gymnasium - night ross be play a game of full - court basketball with some other officer . a door at the far end of the court open and kaffee and jo walk in . they head down the sideline toward Ross . kaffee shout -- kaffee Jack ! but ross be into the game ... kaffee ( continue ) Jack !! ross ( wave he off ) hang on ... kaffee they be give a order . ross stop cold and look over at kaffee . the game fly by he . he motion to the locker room door in the corner of the gym and the three of they make they way to privacy . jo how long have you know about the order ? ross I do not -- ( to kaffee ) who be this ? kaffee this be jo galloway she 's downey 's lawyer . she 's very pleased to meet you . ross what exactly be you accuse I of , commander ? jo I be accuse you of -- they be in the locker room - night and kaffee slam the door shut behind they . kaffee Jack do not know about the order . because if he do and he have not tell we , Jack know he would be violate about 14 article of the code of ethic . as it be , he 's get enough to worry about . God forbid we client decide to plead not guilty and testify for the record that they be give a order . ross kendrick specifically tell the man not to touch santiago . kaffee that 's right . and then he go into Dawson and downey 's room and specifically tell they to give he a code red . ross that 's not what kendrick say . kaffee kendrick 's lie . ross you have proof ? kaffee I have the defendant . ross and I have 23 marine who be not accuse of murder and a lieutenant with four letter of commendation . kaffee why do markinson resign he commission ? ross we will never know . kaffee you do not think I can subpoena markinson . ross you can try , but you will not find he . you know what markinson do for the first 17 of he 21 year in the corps ? counter Intelligence . markinson 's go . there be no markinson . some of the wind have be take out of kaffee 's sail . ross ( continue ) jessep 's star be on the rise . division will give I a lot of room to spare jessep and the corps any embarrassment . kaffee how much room ? ross I will knock it all down to assault . two year . they be home in six month . jo no deal , we be go to a jury . kaffee jo -- ross no you be not . jo why not ? ross ' Cause you will lose , and Danny know it . and he know that if we go to court , I will have to go all the way , they will be charge with the whole truckload . murder , conspiracy , conduct unbecome , and even though he 's get I by the ball out here , Dan know that in a courtroom , he lose this case . Danny 's a awfully talented lawyer , and he 's not about to send he client go to jail for life when he know they could be home in six month . this be now clear : Ross be as good as kaffee . ross ( continue ) that 's the end of this negotiation . from this moment , we be on the record . I will see tomorrow morning at the arraignment . ross turn and head back to the gym as we CUT to : int . - a holding room - night kaffee and jo be sit at a table . Dawson and downey be at parade rest . kaffee light a cigarette . kaffee here 's the story : the goverment 's offer assault and conduct unbecome . two year . you will be home in six month . dawson and downey say nothing . kaffee ( continue ) " wow , kaffee , you be the great lawyer in the world . how can we ever thank you ? " fellas , you hear what I just say , you be go home in six month . dawson I be afraid we can not do that , sir . kaffee do what ? dawson make a deal , sir . kaffee what be you talk about ? dawson we do nothing wrong , sir . we do we job . if that have consequence , then I accept they . but ' I will not say I be guilty , sir . kaffee can not believe this . he look over at jo . kaffee do you -- ( to dawson and downey ) do she put you up to this ? jo no. dawson we have a code , sir . kaffee well zippity - doo-dah . you and you code plead not guilty and you will be in jail for the rest of you life . do what I be tell you and you will be home in six month . dawson just stare at he . kaffee ( continue ) do it , harold . six month . it 's nothing . it 's a hockey season . dawson permission to - kaffee speak ! dawson what do we do then , sir ? kaffee when ? dawson after six month . we would be dishonorably discharge , right sir ? kaffee yes . dawson what do we do then , sir ? we join the corps ' cause we want to live we life by a certain code . and we find it in the corps . and now you be ask we to sign a piece of paper that say we have no honor . you be ask we to say we be not marine . if a judge and jury decide that what we do be wrong , I will accept whatever punishment they give . but I believe I be riqht , sir . I believe I do my job . and I will not dishonor myself , my unit , or the Corps , so that I can qo home in six month . ( beat ) Sir . hold on the four of they for a moment , then kaffee Commander , I want to talk to corporal Dawson alone for a minute . jo wait just a moment before she call out -- jo ( to downey ) let 's go in another room . louden , everything 's gonna be alright . the m.p. have show up and unlock the cell door . jo ( continue ; to m.p. ) we be gonna go into a hold room . m.p. aye , aye , mar 'am . jo , downey , and the m.p. be go . kaffee pace a moment before he say -- kaffee you do not like I that much , do you ? ( beat ) forget it , do not answer that , it do not matter . kaffee pace another moment , then sit on the cot . he 's try to choose he tack carefully . kaffee ( continue ) you know , downey worship you . he 's gonna do whatever you do . be you really gonna let this happen to he because of a code ? harold ? dawson do you think we be right ? kaffee it do not matter what I -- dawson do you think we be right ? kaffee get up . kaffee ( beat ) I think you would lose . dawson ( beat ) you be such a coward , I can not believe they let you wear a uniform . kaffee stare at dawson . kaffee I be not gonna feel responsible for this , harold . I do everything I could . you be go to levenworth for the better part of you life , and you know what ? I do not give a shit . kaffee call out -- kaffee ( continue ) m.p.! kaffee and dawson be stare each other down . the m.p. show up and unlock the cell door . kaffee step out to leave . kaffee ( continue ) what happen to salute a officer when he leave the room ? dawson hold on kaffee . then dawson , a man who would rather die than breach military protocol , take he hand and put they in he pocket . the cell door close and we CUT to : int . the office corridor - night one light be on at the end of the hall . CUT to : SAM have join kaffee and jo . the mood be somber . kaffee Dawson 's gonna go to jail just to spite I . Fine . if he want to jump off a cliff , that 's he business . I be not gonna hold he hand on the way down . ( to SAM ) I want to get he a new lawyer . how do I do it ? SAM you just make a motion tomorrow morning at the arraignment . the judge will ask you if you want to enter a plea . you tell he you want new counsel assign . kaffee ( beat ) then that 's that . jo ( beat ) yeah . one thing , though . when you ask the judge for new counsel , Danny , be sure and ask nicely . kaffee what do you want from I ? jo I want you to let them be judge ! I want you to stand up and make a argument ! SAM a argument that do not work for calley at my lai , a argument that do not work for the Nazis at Nuremberg . kaffee for Christ sake , Sam , do you really think that 's the same as two teenage marine execute a routine order that they never believe would result in harm ? this guy be not the Nazis . there 's a pause in the room . jo do not look now , Danny , but you be make a argument . kaffee ( pause ) yeah . ( beat ) tomorrow morning I will get they a new attorney . jo why be you so afraid to be a lawyer ? be daddy 's expectation really that high ? kaffee please , spare I the psycho-babble father bullshit . Dawson and downey will have they day in court , but they will have it with another lawyer . jo another lawyer will not be good enough . they need you . you know how to win . ( beat ) you know they have a case . and you know how to win . you walk away from this now , and you have seal they fate . kaffee they fate be seal the moment santiago die . jo do you believe they have a defense ? kaffee you and Dawson both live in the same dreamland . it do not matter what I believe , it only matter what I can prove . so please do not tell I what I know and do not know . I know the law . jo look at he , shake she head , and turn to walk away . she turn back . jo you know nothing about the law . you be a use car salesman , Daniel . you be a ambulance chaser with a rank . you be nothing . ( beat ) live with that . jo walk off leave kaffee alone . we hold on kaffee . he 's not have a good night . CUT to : int . a georgetown bar - night kaffee sit at the bar . the place be crowded with yuppies and student . kaffee 's be drink there a while now . next to he be a yuppie lawyer , regaling he friend with the story of he latest brilliant maneuver in the world of high stake corporate law . we hold on a kaffee a moment longer , then yuppie lawyer ... so I tell duncan if we leverage the acquisition of biotech , the interrogatory would be there on demand . all I have to do be not pick up the phone and it will run flaherty ten thousand a day in court cost . CUT to : ext . a georgetown STREET - night kaffee sit on a bench in the night . he take a sip from a bottle he 's hold in a brown paper bag . CUT to : ext . the parade ground - day a bright , sunny morning . the band be perform for a group of day camper . CUT to : int . the courtroom - day dawson and downey be at the defense table , ross be he place . kaffee walk in and join jo and SAM at they table . paper be be pass back and forth between ross and the sergeant at ams . quiet activity . the door in the back of the courtroom open and randolph , a marine colonel , enter and take he place at the bench . we can hear the band in the background . sergeant at arm all rise . everyone present in the courtroom stand . randolph where be we ? sergeant at arm docket number 411275 . vr - 5 . United States versus lance corporal harold W. Dawson and private first class loudon downey . defendant be charge with conspiracy to commit murder , murder in the first Degree , and conduct unbecome a United States Marine . randolph do defense wish to enter a plea ? kaffee stand . kaffee yeah . ( pause ) they be not guilty . jo , SAM , ross , randolph ... it 's hard to say who 's the most surprised . it take everything jo 's get to suppress a smile . the silence be break by ross , who take the two file , drop they into he briefcase , close the lid , and snap it shut . randolph look at kaffee and ross , then turn to the sergeant at arm . randolph enter a plea of not guilty for the defendant . we will adjourn until ten - hundred , three week from today , at which time this Court will reconvene as a General Court -martial . he rap the gavel . randolph walk out . ross walk up the aisle without a word to anyone . the m.p. 's come to escort dawson and downey back to they cell . kaffee and jo and SAM be the only one remain . SAM be look at kaffee with question mark in he eye . kaffee why do a junior grade with six month experience and a track record for plea bargain get assign a murder case ? ( beat ) would it be so that it never see the inside of a courtroom ? kaffee pick up he briefcase and begin head toward the door . kaffee ( continue ) we will work out of my apartment . every night , seven o'clock . jo , before you come over tonight , pick up a carton of legal pad , a half - dozen box of red pen , a half - dozen box of black pen . Sam get a couple of desk lamp . I need you to start on a preliminary medical profile and jo , we need all the fitness report on Dawson , downey and santiago . the only thing I have to eat be yoo-hoo and sugarsnack , so if you want anything else , bring it with you . okay ? jo 's still stunne . jo yeah . kaffee 's at the door , stop , turn around , and take it all in for a moment . kaffee so this be what a courtroom look like . he walk out the door , and we CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment - night among the stuff , be a blackboard that 's be hang on the wall . written across the top be three heading : intent code red the order Sam be on the floor , sorting papers into pile . kaffee come in from the kitchen with a fresh bottle of yoo- hoo and join Sam on the floor . kaffee be you able to speak to you friend at nis ? SAM she say if markinson do not want to be find , we be not gonna find he . she say I could be markinson and you would not know it . kaffee be you markinson ? SAM no. kaffee well , I be not markinson , that 's two down . SAM do not laugh . kaffee ( continue ) what . SAM ( pause ) I be wonder , now that joanne 's work on this ... I be wonder if you still need I . kaffee ( pause ) they be follow a order , Sam . SAM a illegal order . kaffee you think Dawson and downey know it be a illegal order ? SAM it do not matter if they know , any decent human be would have refuse to -- kaffee they be not permit to question order . SAM then what 's the secret ? what be the magic word ? I give order every day , and nobody follow they . kaffee we have softball game and march band . they work at a place where you have to wear camouflage or you might get shot . Sam look away . he do not buy it . kaffee ( continue ; pause ) I need you . you be better at research than I be and you know how to prepare a witness . jo let herself in . she 's carry a huge stack of papers under one arm , and a large brown paper bag under the other . but we stay with kaffee and Sam a moment longer . jo I have get medical report and chinese food . I say we eat first . kaffee 's still look at SAM . SAM nod he head . SAM do you get any dumpling ? CUT to : int . kaffee' apt . - later - night the remnant of the chinese food be spread around . SAM and jo be sit and take note from kaffee . as he speak , he will pace slowly around , carry he baseball bat . he refer to the blackboard . kaffee this be we defense . intent : no one can prove there be poison on the raq . code Red : they be common and accept in Guantanamo Bay . the order : ( he write ) a ) kendrick give it . B ) they have no choice but to follow it . ( beat ) that 's it . SAM what about motive ? kaffee we be a little weak on motive . they have one . jo just because a person have a motive do not mean -- kaffee relax . we will deal with the fenceline shoot when it come up . for now we start here -- ( point to intent ) I do not know what make santiago die , I do not want to know . I just want to be able to show it could have be something other than poison . jo , talk to doctor . find out everything there be to know about lactic acidosis . let 's start prepping for Stone . jo as long as we be on the subject of the doctor -- kaffee here we go . jo listen to I , three o'clock he do not know what kill santiago , then he meet with jessep , and at five o'clock he say it be poison ? the doctor 's cover up the truth . kaffee oh , that 's a relief . I be afraid I would not be able to use the " liar , liar , pant on Fire " defense . we can not prove coercion !! alright , fitness report and biographical information . SAM carton 3 and 4. kaffee look at the carton and the mind -numbing amount of paper . kaffee no cliff - Notes on this thing ? dissolve to : int . kaffee' apartment - a series of scene the scene cover the three week of preparation lead up to the trial , and be intersperse with shot of kaffee 's apartment get messier , kaffee , jo and SAM flipping through document and reference book , write on the blackboard , doze off ... ... we start with int . kaffee' apartment - night jo 's on the phone , kaffee and SAM be go over testimony , with SAM sit in a mock witness chair . during this , kaffee will go to the door , pay the pizza man for the pizza , and return without miss a single beat . jo ( into phone ) Captain Hill , this be Lt. Commander galloway , I be a internal affair officer with the jag Corps in Washington , d.c . I be try to track down a Captain Matthew Andrew markinson , usmc ... kaffee Doctor , other than the rope mark , be there any other sign of external damage ? SAM no. kaffee no scrape ? SAM no. kaffee no cut ? jo ( into phone ) he resign he commission a week ago Thursday . kaffee bruise ? Broken bone ? SAM no. jo ( into phone ) no , please do not put I on hold -- kaffee Doctor , be there any sign of violence ? SAM ( beat ) you mean other than the dead body ? kaffee fuck !! I walk into that every goddam time ! SAM do not ask the last question . CUT to : int . a law library - night mos -- jo pull two thick volume off a shelf and take they to the table where SAM and kaffee be work . she plop the book down where they join a pile of about two - dozen just like they and we CUT to : int . a coffee shop - day the lawyer have they book and papers spread out in front of they . kaffee Lt. kendrick , the type of disciplinary action , or " training ' ' as you say -- jo object . kaffee please the Court , I maintain that nothing could be more relevant than what the defendant learn by the example of , among other , the witness . jo Nice . CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment - night mos --kaffee 's pay the pizza boy again . he go into the live room where SAM be on the " stand " . it 's get hard to see the floor from all the papers , carton , book , pizza box , etc. , and CUT to : int . the brig - day a holding room where dawson and downey be be put through they pace . jo and what happen after kendrick come into you room ? downey ( beat ) he order I and corporal Dawson to give willy a code Red . SAM ( to jo ) his answer still have to come faster , jo . the Iowa farmboy thing will play for a while , but in the end it look like he 's search for the truth . kaffee ( to Dawson & downey ) he 's right , and from now on , " willy " be private santiago . you start call he willy and all of a sudden he 's a person who 's get a mother who 's gonna miss he . CUT to : int . the apartment - night mos -- the clock read 3:37 , and kaffee , in sweatpant and a bathrobe , be pace around slowly with he baseball bat and CUT to : SAM and jo art listen to a lecture for the 14th time . kaffee poker face . do not flinch in front of the jury . something do not go we way , do not hang you head , do not shift in you seat , do not scribble furiously . whatever happen , you have to look like it 's exactly what you know be gonna happen . when you pass I document -- jo / SAM do it swiftly , but do not look overanxious . kaffee ( beat ) and do not wear that perfume in Court , it wreck my concentration . jo really ! kaffee I be talk to Sam . SAM what time be it ? kaffee time to go home . try to get some sleep tonight . jo ( to SAM ) I will give you a ride . SAM begin to gather up he thing . he stand in front of kaffee . kaffee ( to SAM ) you be a good man , Charlie Brown . SAM see you in court . Sam step out the door . jo look at the ground , then up at kaffee . jo Danny -- kaffee I know what you be gonna say . you do not have to . we have have we difference . I have say some thing I do not mean , you have say some thing you do not mean but you be happy that I stick with the case . and if you have gain a certain respect for I over the last three week that you do not have before , well , of course I be happy about that , but we do not have to make a whole big deal out of it . you like I . I will not make you say it . jo I be just gonna tell you to wear match sock tomorrow . kaffee ( beat ) oh. ( beat ) okay . good tip . jo we be ready . kaffee Bet you ass . jo walk out the door and kaffee close it and lock it behind she . then he say , very softly ... kaffee ( continue ) we be gonna get cream . CUT to : int . the courthouse corridor - day a few m.p. be be stand by the entrance . kaffee come around the corner and head toward the courtroom . we be immediately stricken by something : in he dress blue uniform he could easily be mistaken for a real live naval officer . he open the courtroom door and walk into int . the courtroom - day a few more m.p. 's be stand around . the juror , nine enlist navy and marine man and woman , be in they place , Ross be at he table look through some papers , and dawson and downey , in handcuffs , be seat at the defense table . the trial in a few moment from be underway and a few people be milling about . kaffee walk down the aisle but be stop by a voice behind he . man ( o.s. ) Lieutenant kaffee ? kaffee turn around to see a man and woman who be clearly Dawson 's parent . man you be gonna save we son , be not you ? kaffee ( pause ) I will do my best . kaffee continue on and stop next to jo , who 's talk with a woman in she mid-30's . jo Danny , I want you to meet Ginny Miller , louden 's aunt . kaffee you be aunt Ginny ? ginny uh-huh . kaffee I be sorry , I be expect someone older . ginny so be I . not quite the word of inspiration kaffee be hope to hear before he do the hardest thing he 's ever have to do . he walk over to ross . kaffee last chance . I will flip you for it . randolph enter . sergeant at arm all rise . ross too late . kaffee walk back to he table as sergeant at arm all that have business with this general court - martial , stand forward and you shall be hear . Captain julius Alexander randolph be preside . God save the United States of America . randolph rap the gavel . randolph without objection , the swear confession of the two defendant have be read to the jury and enter into the court record . ross no objection , you honor . kaffee no objection . randolph be the government prepare to make a open statement ? ross ( stand ) yes sir . ross walk to the jury box . ross ( continue ) the fact of the case be this : at midnight on August 6th , the defendant go into the barrack room of they platoon - mate , pfc William santiago . they wake he up , tie he arm and leg with rope , and force a rag into he throat . a few minute later , a chemical reaction in santiago 's body call lactic acidosis cause he lung to begin bleed . he drown in he own blood and be pronounce dead at 32 minute past midnight . this be the fact of the case . and they be undisputed . that 's right . the story I just tell you be the exact same story you be go to hear from corporal Dawson , and it 's the exact same story you be go to hear from private downey . furthermore , the government will also demonstrate that the defendant soak the rag with poison , and enter santiago 's room with motive and intent to kill . ( beat ) now , Lt. kaffee , be gonna try to pull off a little magic act , he 's gonna try a little misdirection . he 's go to astonish you with storey of ritual and dazzle you with official sounding term like code Red . he might even cut into a few officer for you . he will have no evidence , mind you , none . but it 's gonna be entertaining . when we get to the end , all the magic in the world will not have be able to divert you attention from the fact that willy santiago be dead , and Dawson and downey kill he . this be the fact of the case . ( beat ) and they be undisputed . ross walk back to he seat . randolph Lt. kaffee ? before kaffee 's even stand up , this word be come out of he mouth . kaffee there be no poison on the rag and there be no intent to kill and any attempt to prove otherwise be futile because it just be not true . ( beat ) when Dawson and downey go into santiago 's room that night , it be not because of vengeance or hatred , it be not to kill or harm , and it be not because they be look for kick on a Friday night . it 's because it be what they be order to do . ( beat ) let I say that again : it 's because it be what they be order to do . now , out in the real world , that mean nothing . and here at the Washington navy yard , it do not mean a whole lot more . but if you be a marine assign to rifle Security company windward , Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and you be give a order , you follow it or you pack you bag . ( beat ) make no mistake about it , harold Dawson and louden downey be sit before you in judgement today because they do they job . kaffee walk back to the table and take he seat . randolph be the government ready to call its first witness ? ross please the Court , the government call Mr. r.c mcguire . while mccguire , a civilian in he late 30' , be be swear in , kaffee have sit back down . he lean over to dawson and whisper . kaffee how you doin ' ? dawson do not change he expression . kaffee ( continue ) good . ross Mr. mcguire , would you state you full name and occupation for the record , please ? mcguire Robert c. mcguire , special agent , Naval investigative service . ross Mr. mcguire , do you office receive a letter from pfc William santiago on 3 August of this year ? mcguire we do . ross what do the letter say ? mcguire that a member of private santiago 's unit have illegally fire he weapon over the fenceline . ross be that marine identify in the letter ? mcguire no sir . I notify the barrack c.o. , Colonel jessep , that I would be come down to investigate . ross and what do you find ? mcguire for the shift report , only one sentry return he weapon to the switch with a round of ammunition miss . ross and who be that ? lance corporal harold Dawson . ross ( continue ; to kaffee ) you witness . ross go back to he table . kaffee stand . kaffee Mr. mcguire , have you question corporal Dawson about the fenceline shoot ? mcguire yes . he claim to have be engage in some manner by the enemy . kaffee but you do not believe he . mcguire it 's not my place -- kaffee corporal Dawson 's be charge with a number of crime , why be not he charge with fire at the enemy without cause ? mcguire there be not enough evidence to support such a charge . kaffee thank you . kaffee sit . ross Mr. mcguire , I do not understand what you mean when you say there be not enough evidence to support such a charge . you have willy santiago 's letter . mcguire santiago be the only witness , but I never have a chance to interview he . so I do not know what he see . ross and now we will not ever know , will we , Mr. mcguire ? mcguire no . ross no more question . CUT to : hammaker , a young marine corporal , be be swear in . hammaker corporal Carl Edward hammaker , Marine barrack , rifle Security company windward , second platoon Charlie . ross corporal , be you present at a meeting that Lt. kendrick hold on the afternoon of August 6th with the member of second platoon . hammaker yes sir . ross would you tell the Court the substance of that meeting ? hammaker Lt. kendrick tell we that we have a informer in we group . that private santiago have go outside the chain of command and report to the nis on a member of we platoon . ross do that make you mad ? ( pause ) you can tell the truth , corporal , it 's alright . do it make you mad ? hammaker yes sir . ross how mad ? hammaker private santiago betrayed a code that we believe in very deeply , sir . ross be the other member of the squad angry ? kaffee object -- ross be Dawson and downey ? kaffee please the Court , be the judge advocate honestly ask this witness to testify as to how the defendant feel on August 6th ? randolph sustain . ross corporal , do Lt. kendrick leave a stand order at that meeting ? randolph yes sir . ross what be it ? hammaker well it be clear that he do not want we to take matter into we own hand , sir . ross what be the order ? hammaker Sir , he say that santiago be not to be touch . ross ( to kaffee ) you witness . kaffee corporal hammaker , be you in Dawson and downey 's barrack room ten minute after this meeting ? hammaker no sir . kaffee thanks , I have no more question . hammaker get off the stand , and kaffee watch while walk past dawson and downey . a barely perceptible exchange occur between the eye of dawson and hammaker . kaffee make a decision . ross the government call corporal Raymond Thomas -- kaffee please the Court , I understand Lt. Ross be plan on call all the other member of rifle Security company windward to testify . ross in light of the defense that Lt. kaffee be plan to mount , the explicit instruction of the platoon leader seem particularly relevant testimony . kaffee the defense be willing to concede that all 23 witness will testify substantially as corporal hammaker do , if the government be willing to concede that none of they be in Dawson and downey 's room at 16:20 on August 6th . randolph ( to ross ) Lieutenant ? ross the government will agree to the stipulation , sir . randolph then we will adjourn for the day . you can call you next witness in the morning . CUT to : shot of WASHINGTON at night dissolve to : the parade ground - early morning , two sailor be raise the flag . CUT to : int . the courtroom - day commander stone , a navy doctor in he mid - 40' , be on the stand . stone ... and he be pronounce dead at zero - zero-thirty - seven . ross Dr. Stone , what 's lactic acidosis ? stone if the muscle and other cell of the body burn sugar instead of oxygen , lactic acid be produce . that lactic acid be what cause santiago 's lung to bleed . ross how long do it take for the muscle and other cell to begin burn oxygen instead of sugar ? stone twenty to thirty minute . ross and what cause santiago 's muscle and other cell to start burn sugar ? stone a ingest poison of some kind . kaffee you honor , we object at this point . the witness be speculate . ross Commander Stone be a expert medical witness , in this courtroom he opinion be not consider speculation . kaffee Commander Stone be a internist , not a criminologist , and the medical fact here be ultimately inconclusive . randolph a point which I be confident you will illustrate to the jury under cross - examination , so I be sure you will not mind if he opinion be admit now . kaffee not at all , sir . objection withdraw . kaffee sit . ross Doctor Stone , do willy santiago die of poisoning ? stone absolutely . ross be you aware that the lab report and the coroner report show no trace of poison ? stone yes I be . ross then how do you justify -- stone there be literally dozen of toxin which be virtually undetectable , both in the human body and on a fabric . the nature of the acidosis be the compelling factor in this issue . ross thank you , sir . kaffee get up . kaffee Commander , you testify that it take lactic acidosis 20 to 30 minute before it become lethal . stone yes . kaffee let I ask you , be it possible for a person to have a affliction , some sort of condition , which might , in the case of this person , actually speed up the process of acidosis dramatically ? stone say nothing for a moment . kaffee ( continue ) Commander , be it possible ? stone certainly . kaffee what might some of that condition be ? stone ( beat ) if a person have a coronary disorder ... or a cerebral disorder , the process would be more rapid . kaffee Commander , if I have a coronary condition , and a perfectly clean rag be place in my mouth , and the rag be accidentally push too far down , be it possible that my cell would continue burn sugar after the rag be take out ? stone it would have to be a very serious condition . kaffee be it possible to have a serious coronary condition , where the initial warning signal be so mild as to escape a physician during a routine medical exam ? stone possibly . there would still be symptom though . kaffee what kind of symptom ? stone there be hundred of symptom of a -- kaffee chest pain ? stone ( beat ) yes . kaffee shortness of breath ? stone yes . kaffee fatigue ? stone of course . kaffee have go back to he table where jo have hand he some document . hft show then to stone . kaffee Doctor , be this you signature ? stone yes it be . kaffee this in a order for private santiago to be put on restrict duty . would you read you hand write remark at the bottom of the page , please , sir . stone ( read ) " initial testing negative . patient complain of chest pain , shortness of breath , and fatigue . restricted from run distance over five mile for one week . " kaffee Commander , be not it possible that santiago have a serious coronary condition , and it be that condition , and not some mysterious poison , that cause the accelerate chemical reaction ? stone no . I personally give the man a physical examination every three month . and every three month private santiago get a clean bill of health . kaffee and that 's why it have to be , poison , right , Commander ? ' Cause Lord know , if you put a man with a serious coronary condition back on duty with a clean bill of health , and that man die from a heart related incident , you would have a lot to answer for , would not you , doctor ? ross object . move to strike . randolph sustain . Strike it . kaffee no more question , judge . ross stand immediately . ross Dr. Stone , you have hold a license to practice medicine for 21 year , you be board certify in Internal Medicine , you be the Chief of Internal Medicine at a hospital which serve over 8000 man . in you professional opinion , be willy santiago poison ? jo stand . jo you honor , we re-new we objection to Commander Stone 's testimony , and ask that it be stricken from the record . and we further ask that the Court instruct the jury to lend no weight to this witness 's testimony . kaffee and SAM be die , but they be try to keep they poker - face . randolph be gonna try to be polite about this , but he think he make himself clear . randolph the objection 's overrule , counsel . jo Sir , the defense strenuously object and request a meeting in chamber so that he honor might have a opportunity to hear discussion before ruling on the objection . randolph the objection of the defense have be hear and overrule . jo exception . randolph noted . the witness be a expert and the court will hear he opinion . ross Doctor , in you expert , professional opinion , be willy santiago poison ? stone yes . ross thank you , sir , I have no more question . randolph Commander , you may step down . ross please the Court , while we reserve the right to call rebuttal witness if the need arise , the government rest . randolph we will stand in recess until ten-hundred hour this Monday , the l9th at which time the defense will call it 's first witness . randolph rap he gavel . sergeant at arm ten hut . and the courtroom begin clear out . kaffee , jo and SAM be pack up they various papers . SAM I strenuously object ? be that how it work ? objection . overrule . no , no , no , no , I strenuously object . oh , well if you strenuously object , let I take a moment to reconsider . jo I get it on the record . SAM you also get it in the jury 's head that we be afraid of the doctor . you object once so they can hear you say he 's not a criminologist . you keep after it and it look like this great cross we do be just a bunch of fancy lawyer trick . it 's the difference between paper law and trial -- kaffee Sam -- SAM Christ , you even have the judge say Stone be a expert ! kaffee Sam , she make a mistake . let 's not relive it . there 's a uncomfortable silence . SAM I be gonna go call my wife . I will meet you tonight . Sam start to leave . jo turn and say jo why do you hate they so much ? Sam stop and turn around . SAM they beat up on a weakling , and that 's all they do . the rest be just smokefilled coffee-house crap . they torture and torment a weaker kid . they do not like he . and they kill he . and why ? because he could not run very fast . a long silence . kaffee make a decision alright . everybody take the night off . SAM ( continue ) I apologize , I , -- kaffee it 's alright . we have be work 20 hour day for three and a half week straight . take the night off . go see you wife , see you daughter . jo , do whatever it be you do when you be not here . what day be tomorrow ? SAM Saturday . kaffee we will start at ten . kaffee pick up he stuff and walk out . SAM and jo stand there uncomfortably for a moment . jo begin pack up she thing . SAM why do you like they so much ? jo ( pause ) ' Cause they stand on a wall . ( beat ) and they say " nothing 's gonna hurt you tonight . not on my watch . " despite they difference , SAM like this woman . SAM do not worry about the doctor . this trial start Monday . CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment - night a baseball game be on . kaffee 's pace slowly around , carry he baseball bat . he 's look at the blackboard as he walk around the room . he 's study it . study it hard . there 's a knock on the door . kaffee answer it . jo be stand in the doorway . I be sorry to bother you , I should have call first . kaffee no , I be just watch a baseball game . jo I be wonder if -- how you would feel about my take you to dinner tonight . kaffee jo , be you ask I out on a date ? jo no. kaffee it sound like you be ask I out on a date . jo I be not . kaffee I have be ask out on date before , and that 's what it sound like . jo do you like seafood ? I know a good seafood place . CUT to : int . a seafood restaurant - night on the Virginia side of the potomac . kaffee and jo be sit at a table , finish up dinner . jo my third case be a drunk and disorderly . the trial last nine week . I round up 31 people who be in the bar that night . kaffee nine week on a D and D ? what be the prosecutor offer ? jo 15 day . kaffee ( pause ) well , you sure hustle the shit outta he . jo after that , they move I to internal affair . kaffee tough to blame they . jo where I have earn two distinguished service medal and two letter of commendation . kaffee why be you always give I you resume ? jo because I want you to think I be good lawyer . kaffee I do . jo no you do not . ( beat ) I think you be a exceptional lawyer . I watch the juror , they respond to you , they like you . I see you convincing they . I think Dawson and downey be gonna end up owe they life to you . kaffee ( pause ) jo ... I think you have to prepare yourself for the fact that we be gonna lose . ( beat ) Ross 's open speech , it be all true . ( beat ) I mean , let 's pretend for a minute that it would actually matter to this jury that the guy be give a order . we can not prove it ever happen . ( beat ) we will keep do what we be do , and we will put on a show , but at the end of the day , all we have be the testimony of two people accuse of murder . jo we will find markinson . kaffee jo , we be gonna lose . and we be gonna lose huge . we hold on then for a moment , and in voice over hear howard ( v.o. ) corporal Jeffrey Owen Howard , Marine barrack windward , Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . CUT to : corporal howard , the young marine who drive the lawyer around Cuba , be on the stand . kaffee corporal Howard , name some reason why a marine would get a code red ? howard be late for platoon or company meeting , keep he barrack in disorder , fall back on a run ... kaffee have you ever receive a code red ? howard yes sir . we be do seven man assault drill , and my weapon slip . it 's just cause it be over a hundred degree and my palm be sweaty and I would forget to use the resin like we be teach . kaffee and what happen ? howard that night the guy in my squad throw a blanket over I and take turn punch I in the arm for five minute . then they pour glue on my hand . and it work , too , ' cause I be not never drop my weapon since . kaffee be private santiago ever late for platoon meeting ? howard yes sir . kaffee be he barrack ever in disorder ? howard yes sir . kaffee do he ever fall back on a run ? howard all the time , sir . kaffee do he ever , prior to the night of August 6th , receive a code red ? howard no sir . kaffee ( beat ) never ? howard no , sir . kaffee you get a code red ' cause you palm be sweaty . why do not santiago , this burden to he unit , ever get one ? howard Dawson would not allow it , sir . kaffee Dawson would not allow it . howard the guy talk tough about santiago , but they would not go near he . they be too afraid of Dawson , sir . ross object . the witness be characterize . kaffee I will rephrase . Jeffrey , do you ever want to give santiago a code red ? howard yes sir . kaffee why do not you ? howard ' Cause Dawson would kick my butt , sir . kaffee good enough . Lt. Ross be gonna ask you some question now . ross take three book out of he briefcase and put they on the table . he bring one to howard . ross corporal Howard , I hold here the Marine guide and General information handbook for New recruit . be you familiar with this book ? howard yes sir . ross have you read it ? howard yes sir . ross good. ( hand he the book ) would you turn to the chapter that deal with code red , please . howard Sir ? ross just flip to the page in that book that discuss code red . howard Sir , you see , code Red be a term we use -- it 's just use down at gitmo , sir . I do not know if it actually -- ross have produce another book . ross we be in luck , then . the Marine Corps guide for sentry duty , navy base Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . I assume we will find the term code red and its definition in this book , be I correct ? howard no sir . ross no? corporal Howard , I be a marine . be they no book , no manual or pamphlet , no set of order or regulation that let I know that , as a marine , one of my duty be to perform code red ? howard ( pause ) no sir . no book , sir . ross no further question . ross sit . kaffee walk over to ross 's table and pick up one of the book . he bring it to howard . kaffee corporal , would you turn to the page in this book that say where the enlist men' mess hall be ? howard Lt. kaffee , that 's not in the book , sir . kaffee I do not understand , how do you know where the enlist men' mess hall be if it 's not in this book ? howard I guess I just follow the crowd at chow time , sir . kaffee no more question . kaffee chuck the book back on ross 's desk . randolph corporal Howard , you can step down . howard ( greatly relieved ) thank you , sir . kaffee give howard a subtle " you do good , kid " look , and we CUT to : int . the courthouse corridor - dusk it 's the end of the day 's session . kaffee walk down the hall with SAM and jo . kaffee Seven tonight , we will do a final kendrick review . I want to slam - dunk this guy . CUT to : ext . sidewalk stand - night kaffee' car as it drive along a street in the D.C. business district . it 's evening now and the windshield wiper be fight against a rain kaffee pull over at he usual newsstand . he hop out , leave the light flash and the door open , and run to the stand . kaffee hey , luther . luther Admiral , how 's the big case goin ' ? kaffee nose to the grindstone . luther no fly on you . kaffee a roll stone gather no moss . luther yeah , well it be not over till the fat lady sing . kaffee ai not that the truth . catch you tomorrow . he get back in he car , toss the newspaper on the passenger seat , and turn on the ignition . and as soon as he do -- a hand be slap over he mouth -- voice ( o.s. ) it 's Matthew markinson . -- and kaffee jump out of he skin . because sit in the back seat , in civilian clothes , be markinson . kaffee Jesus fuck Christ !!-- markinson you leave the door unlock . kaffee scare the shit outta I . markinson drive . kaffee be you aware you be under subpoena ? markinson yes . I be also aware that the life of two marine be in you hand . if there be something I could do about that , I would , but since I can not , all I can do be help you . why do not you drive , Lieutenant . kaffee begin drive down the street . kaffee what do you know ? markinson I know everything . kaffee be it a code red ? markinson yes . kaffee do kendrick give the order ? markinson yes . kaffee do you witness it ? markinson I do not need to -- kaffee do you witness it ?! markinson no . kaffee then how do you know ? markinson I know . kaffee you know shit . markinson he be never gonna be transfer off the base . and with this , kaffee screech the car over to the side of the road . he grab the parking brake and pull it up . he turn to markinson . markinson ( continue ) jessep be go to keep he on the base . he say he want he train . kaffee we have get the transfer order . it 's get you signature . markinson I know . I sign it the morning you arrive in Cuba . six day after santiago die . kaffee 's wheel be spin . he 's pump . kaffee I be gonna get you a deal . some kind of immunity with the prosecutor . in about four day , you be gonna appear as a witness for the defense , and you be gonna tell the court exactly what you tell I . right now I be gonna check you into a motel , and we be gonna start from the beginning . markinson I do not want a deal . and I do not want immunity . kaffee shake he head and laugh . markinson ( continue ) I want you to know , I be proud neither of what I have do nor what I be do . kaffee put the car in gear and we CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment - night where kaffee have just finish tell he story to a amaze SAM and jo . there 's silence . then jo have a total adrenaline rush . jo where be he ? kaffee the Route 23 best western . jo pick up the phone . jo I want he guard . kaffee that 's probably a good idea . jo ( into phone ) this be Lt. Commander joanne galloway . my clearance code be 411273 . kaffee be impressed . he turn to SAM -- kaffee clearance code ? jo thank you . kaffee ( to SAM ) I do not have a clearance code . do you have a -- jo ( into phone ) it 's jo galloway . I need to secure a witness . jo continue give information to the person on the phone , while kaffee keep talk to the both of they . Sam be write down note as fast as he can . kaffee he also say that jessep 's lie about the transportation off the base . jessep say six the next morning be the first flight santiago could have leave on , markinson say there be a plane that leave seven hour earlier . jo hang up the phone . jo damn . kaffee that be impressive . do you hear what I just say about the flight ? jo yes . kaffee Sam , when a plane take off from a base , there 's gotta be some kind of record keep , right ? SAM we need the Tower Chief 's log for gitmo . kaffee ( to SAM ) get it . jo we be gonna win . kaffee jo , do not get crazy about this . we do not know who markinson be . we do not know what the log book 's gonna say . you just concentrate on downey . I be gonna talk to Ross and tell he where we be . jo ( sing -song ) " kaffee 's get he case now , kaffee 's get he case now . " kaffee you be like seven of the strangest woman I have ever meet . CUT to : int . a WASHINGTON SALOON - night a waitress set two drink down in front of kaffee and ross , who be sit across from each other in a booth in the back . ross that be nice work today . the redirect on Howard . kaffee I have markinson . ross only take a moment digest this . ross where be he ? kaffee a motel room in Arlington with 14 Federal marshal outside he door . take a sip of you drink . ross damn . kaffee the transfer order that parkinson sign be phoney . and jessep 's statement that the six a.m. flight be the first available be a lie , we be check the tower chief 's log . but in the meantime I be gonna put the Apostle jon kendrick on the stand and see if we can not have a little fun . ross take another sip of he drink , then lay it on the line for kaffee .. ross I have a obligation to tell you that if you accuse kendrick or jessep of any crime without proper evidence , you will be subject to Court - martial for professional misconduct . and that 's something that will be staple to every job application you ever fill out . markinson 's not gonna hold up , he 's a crazy man . I be not say this to intimidate you . I be be you lawyer . kaffee thanks , Jack . and I wanna tell you that I think the whole fuckin ' bunch of you be certifiably insane . and this code of honor of yours make I wanna beat the shit outta something . ross do not you dare lump I in with jessep and markinson and kendrick because we wear the same uniform . I be you friend , Danny , and I be tell you , I do not think you client belong in jail . but I do not get to make that decision . I represent the government of the United States . without passion or prejudice . and my client have a case . ( pause ) I want you to acknowledge that the judge advocate have make you aware of the possible consequence involved in accuse a marine officer of a felony without proper evidence . kaffee I have be so advise . ross stand up and heave a few dollar on the table . ross you get bully into that courtroom , Danny . by everyone . by Dawson , by galloway , shit , I practically dare you . not for a second have you believe you could win . you get bully into that room by the memory of a dead lawyer . kaffee ( pause ) you be a lousy softball player , Jack . ross you boy be go down . I can not stop it anymore . CUT to : int . courthouse corridor - day people be filing in . kendrick be stand at the entrance to the courtroom . kaffee glide past he ... kaffee batter up , j.j. kendrick watch this impudent thing walk into the courtroom as we CUT to : int . the courtroom - day kendrick 's on the stand . what drive kaffee 's entire examination of kendrick be this : kaffee 's get he . he 's gonna win . at least this round . all he have to do be not let he emotion take control of he professional skill . SAM will have file and document ready to hand kaffee as he need they . kaffee Lt. kendrick , in you opinion , be private santiago a good marine ? kendrick I would say he be about average . kaffee Lieutenant , you sign three fitness report on santiago . on all three report you indicate a rating of below average . kendrick yes. private santiago be below average I do not see the need in trample on a man 's grave . kaffee we appreciate that , but you be under oath now , and I think unpleasant as it may be , we would all just as soon hear the truth . kendrick I be aware of my oath . kaffee 's hand some more file . kaffee Lieutenant , this be the last three fitness report you sign for lance corporal Dawson and pfc downey . downey receive three straight mark of exceptional . Dawson receive two mark of exceptional , but on this most recent report , date June 9th of this year , he receive a rating of below average . it 's this last report that I would like to discuss for a moment . kendrick that 's fine . kaffee lance corporal Dawson 's rank after infantry train School be perfect . record indicate that over half that class have since be promote to full corporal , while Dawson have remain a lance corporal . be Dawson 's promotion hold up because of this last fitness report . kendrick I be sure it be . kaffee do you recall why Dawson be give such a poor grade on this report ? kendrick I be sure I do not . I have many man in my charge , Lieutenant , I write many fitness report . kaffee do you recall a incident involve a pfc curtis barne who would be find steal liquor from the Officer 's Club ? kendrick yes . kaffee do you report private barne to the proper authority ? kendrick I have two book at my bedside , Lieutenant , the Marine code of conduct and the King James Bible . the only proper authority I be aware of be my command Officer , Colonel Nathan R. jessep and the Lord we God . kaffee Lt. kendrick , at you request , I can have the record reflect you lack of acknowledgment of this court as a proper authority . ross objection . argumentative . randolph sustain . ( to kaffee ) watch yourself , counselor . kaffee do you report private barne to you superior ? kendrick I remember think very highly of private barne , and not want to see he record tarnish by a formal charge . kaffee you prefer it to be handle within the unit . kendrick I most certainly do . kaffee Lieutenant , do you know what a code Red be ? kendrick yes I do . kaffee have you ever order a code red ? kendrick no , I have not . kaffee Lieutenant , do you order Dawson and two other man to make sure that private barne receive no food or drink except water for a period of seven day ? kendrick that 's a distortion of the truth . private barne be place on barrack restriction . he be give water and vitamin supplement , and I assure you that at no time be he health in danger . kaffee I be sure it be lovely for private barne , but you do order the barrack restriction , do not you ? and you do order the denial of food . kendrick yes . kaffee would not this form of discipline be consider a code red ? kendrick ( beat ) not necessarily . kaffee if I call the other 8000 man at Guantanamo Bay to testify , would they consider it a code Red ? ross please the court , the witness can not possibly testify as to what 8000 other man would say . we object to this entire line of question as argumentative and irrelevant badger of the witness . randolph the goverrment 's objection be sustained , Lt. kaffee , and I would remind you that you be now question a marine officer with a impeccable service record . ross thank you judge . kaffee look over at dawson . they share a brief moment before kaffee turn back to kendrick . kaffee Lieutenant , be Dawson give a rating of below average on this last fitness report because you learn hold be sneaking food to private barne ? ( to ross ) not so fast . ( to kendrick ) Lieutenant ? kendrick corporal Dawson be find to be below average because he commit a crime . kaffee what crime do he commit ? ( beat ) Lieutenant kendrick ? ( beat ) Dawson bring a hungry guy some food . what crime do he commit ? kendrick he disobey a order . kaffee and because he do , because he exercise he own set of value , because he make a decision about the welfare of a marine that be in conflict with a order of yours , he be punish , be that right ? kendrick corporal Dawson disobey a order . kaffee yeah , but it be not a order , be it ? after all , it 's peacetime . he be not be ask to secure a hill ... or advance on a beachhead . I mean , surely a marine of Dawson 's intelligence can be trust to determine on he own , which be the really important order , and which order might , say , be morally questionable . ( beat ) Lt. kendrick ? ( beat ) can he ? can corporal Dawson determine on he own which order he 's gonna follow ? ( pause ) kendrick no , he can not . kaffee a lesson he learn after the curtis barne incident , be I right ? kendrick I would think so . kaffee you know so , do not you , Lieutenant . ross object ! randolph sustain . kaffee Lieutenant kendrick , one final question : if you order Dawson to give santiago a code red ... ross -- please the court -- kendrick I tell that man not to touch santiago . kaffee -- be it reasonable to think that he would have disobey you again ? ross Lieutenant , do not answer that . kaffee you do not have to , I be through . ross do not even wait before he say -- ross Lieutenant kendrick , do you order corporal Dawson and private downey to give willy santiaga code red ? but kendrick be not listen - - he 's glaring at kaffee . ross ( continue ) Lt. kendrick , do you -- kendrick no I do not . ross thank you . CUT to : fwap ! - a nerf ball slam into a hoop . pull back to reveal int . kaffee' apartment - night jo and kaffee . kaffee 's pump and shoot basket as Sam walk in with some bound papers under he arm . kaffee what 's the word ? SAM this be the tower chief 's log for that night . jessep be tell the truth . tne six a.m. Flight be the first plane out . kaffee let the ball drop out of he hand . kaffee let I see that . CUT to : ext . a motel - night a sedan , with U.S. marshall stencile on the door , sit in front of one of the room , and the two federal agent inside the car be read the newspaper as kaffee' car pull next to they and kaffee jump out . agent # 1 stick he head out the window and call to kaffee -- agent # 1 workin ' late , lieutenant ? kaffee pay no attention and bang on markinson 's door . the door open and kaffee walk into int . motel room he toss the log book on the table . kaffee there be no flight out at eleven o'clock . what the fuck be you try to pull ? markinson the first flight stateside leave Guantanamo Bay at eleven and arrive at andrew airforce base , maryland , at a few minute past two . kaffee then why the hell be not it list in the Tower Chief 's log ?! markinson why the hell do you think it would by ?!! kaffee be silent . and now it begin to sink in . kaffee what be you tell I ? ( beat ) he fix the log book ? setback . Big setback . kaffee ( continue ) well , maybe he can make it so a plane do not take off , but I can sure as hall prove that one land . I will get the log book from andrew . markinson say nothing . but he face say that kaffee be bear yesterday . kaffee ( continue ; beat ) he make a entire flight disappear ? markinson Nathan jessep be about to be name director of Operations for the National Security Council . you do not get to that position without know how to side - step a few land mine . ( beat ) and put I on the stand be not gonna make he step on one . kaffee stare at he . then shake he head , sigh , and pick the log book up off the table , and head for the door . kaffee you be take the stand . Thursday . kaffee leave . hold on markinson . CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment kaffee' apartment later that night and SAM and j0 have just hear the report he . kaffee there 's gotta be someone who can testify to the flight . a ground crew member . someone . SAM do you have any idea how many plane take off and land every day ? a kid from the ground crew be not gonna remember a flight that land four week ago . kaffee forget the flight . we will put markinson on the stand and we will deal with jessep 's refusal to transfer santiago and he will testify to the forge transfer order . that will be enough . that and downey 's testimony really oughta be enough . CUT to : int . the holding room - day jo be work with downey . he sit on a mock witness stand . jo private downey , why do you go into santiago 's room on the night of the 6th ? downey to give private santiago a code Red , mar 'am . jo and why do you give he a code Red ? downey I be order to give he a code Red by the executive officer for rifle Security company windward , lieutenent Jonathan James kendrick . jo smile . jo you be gonna do fine . downey smile . downey you think they will let we go back to we platoon soon , mar 'am ? jo ( pause ) absolutely . CUT to : int . the courthouse corridor - day jo be go over last- minute detail with kaffee . jo you remember the order of the question ? kaffee yes . jo be you sure ? kaffee yes . jo and you will use small word ? kaffee yes . jo he get rattle when he do not understand something . kaffee jo -- jo I be just say go slow . kaffee I be gonna go slow . jo okay . kaffee alright . jo and get he off as fast as you can . kaffee joanne ! jo what ? kaffee he 's gonna be fine . they turn and head into the courtroom as we hear markinson in voice over ... markinson ( v.o. ) " dear Mr. and Mrs. santiago ... " CUT to : int . markinson be room - day markinson be write a letter and we hear it in v.0. markinson ( v.o. ) I be William 's company commander . I know you son vaguely , which be to say I know he name ... and while we continue to hear markinson 's voice write the letter , we begin a series of shot : markinson be get into he class a dress uniform , complete with medal , side arm , and military dress sabre . markinson ( v.0 . ) in a matter of time , the trial of the two man charge with you son 's death will be conclude , and seven man and two woman whom you have never meet will try to offer you a explanation as to why William be dead . for my part , I have do as much as I can to bring the truth to light . markinson be finish dress . he stand in the middle of the motel room . markinson ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) and the truth be this : you son be dead for only one reason . I be not strong enough to stop it . markinson take a pistol out of he holster and cock the trigger . markinson ( v.o. ) always , Captain Matthew Andrew markinson . markinson put the pistol in he mouth -- markinson ( v.0 . ) United state marine corps . we hear the blast of the gunshot as we CUT to : ext . - the courtroom - day kaffee be at the end of he examination of downey . kaffee private , I want you to tell we one last time : why do you go into private santiago 's room on the night of August 6th ? downey a code red be order by my platoon commander , Lt. Jonathan James kendrick . kaffee thank you . ( to ross ) you witness . ross private , for the week of 2 August , the switch log have you down at Post 39 , be that correct ? downey I be sure it be , sir , they keep that log pretty good . ross how far be it from Post 39 to the windward barrack ? downey it 's a way , sir , it 's a hike . ross about how far by jeep ? downey about ten , fifteen minute , sir . ross have you ever have to walk it ? downey yes sir . that day , sir . Friday . the pick -up private --sir , that 's what we call the fella who drop we at we post and pick we up ... also , ' cause he can get girl in New York City -- the pick - up private get a flat ... at the defense table , kaffee , poker - face , scribbles something down on a piece of paper and slide it to jo . jo look at it : " where 's he go with this ? " jo scribbles I ? " and hand it back to kaffee . downey ( continue ) ... right at 39 . he pull up and blam ! ... a blowout - with no spare . the two of we have to double - time it back to the barrack . ross and if it 's ten or fifteen minute by jeep , I be guess it must be a good hour by foot , be I right ? downey pick - up and I do it in 45 flat , sir . ross not bad . now you say you assault on private santiago be the result of a order that Lt. kendrick give in you barrack room at 16:20 . kaffee know what 's come . there 's nothing he can do about it . and he can not lose he cool in front of the jury . downey yes sir . jo. helpless . panicked . ross but you just say that you do not make it back to windward barrack until 16:45 . downey 's confuse . this be question he have not be ask before . downey Sir ? ross if you do not make it back to you barrack until 16:45 , then how could you be in you room at 16:20 ? downey ( pause ) you see sir , there be a flat tire . ross private , do you ever actually hear Lt. kendrick order a code Red ? kaffee 's world be fall down around he , and there 's nothing he can do about it . and he know it . downey ( pause ) no , sir . jo leap to she foot . jo please the court , I would like to request a recess in order to confer with my client . ross why do you go into santiago 's room ? jo the witness have rights . ross the witness have be read he rights , commander . downey ( confuse ) hal ? randolph the question will be repeat . ross why do you go into santiago 's room ? jo you honor -- downey hal ? ross do corporal Dawson tell you to do it ? everyone be freeze . ross ( continue ) he do , do not he ? Dawson tell you to give santiago a code red . downey look at dawson . downey hal ? ross do not look at he . downey hal ? dawson private . answer the Lieutenant 's question . the room be still silent . downey do something we have never see he do before . he straighten himself up and say this with the pride of a man who believe he 's do the right thing . downey yes , Lieutenant . I be give a order by my squad leader , lance corporal harold W. Dawson of the U.S. Marine Corps . and I follow it . ross let 's it hang . he look over at kaffee . kaffee will not meet he eye . int . kaffee' apartment - night jo and SAM be sit in silence . it 's dark outside . jo where do you think he be ? SAM do not know . jo be beside herself , and try to keep it together . jo ( continue ) as far as downey be concerned , it be a order from kendrick . it do not matter that he do not hear it first hand . he do not distinguish between the two . SAM understand , but he do not say anything . the door open and kaffee walk in . jo ( continue ) Danny . I be sorry . kafffee seem to be in a incredibly normal mood . kaffee do not worry about it . jo Sam and I be just talk about how all we really have to do be call some witness who will talk about imply order . , .or maybe we put downey back on the stand before we get to Dawson . kaffee maybe if we work at it we can get Dawson charge with the Kennedy assassination . jo study kaffee for a moment . jo be you drunk ? kaffee ( a simple answer ) pretty much . yeah . jo ( pause ) I will make a pot of coffee . we have a long night 's work ahead . kaffee she 's gonna make coffee . that 's nice . ( beat ) he be not in he room . ( kaffee 's amaze ) he be not even there . ( beat ) that be a important piece of information , do not you think ? jo ( pause ) Danny , it be just a setback . I be sorry . but we will fix it and then move on to markinson . kaffee markinson 's dead . jo and SAM be freeze . kaffee say this with no particular feel one way or the other . kaffee ( continue ) you really gotta hand it to that Federal marshal , boy . ( he almost have to laugh ) it 's not like he hang himself by he shoelace or slashed he wrist with a conceal butter knife . this guy get , into full dress uniform , stand in the middle of that room , draw a nickle plate pistol from he holster , and fire a bullet into he mouth . jo and SAM do not say anything . kaffee ( continue ) anyway , since we seem to be out of witness , I think I would drink a little . jo I still think we can win . kaffee then maybe you should drink a little . jo look , we will go to randolph in the morning and make a motion for a continuance . 24 hour . kaffee ( beat ) why would we want to do that ? jo to subpoena Colonel jessep . kaffee what ? jo listen for a second -- kaffee no . jo just hear I out -- kaffee no . I will not listen to you and I will not hear you out . you passion be comforting , jo . it 's also useless . private downey need a trial lawyer today . jo ( pause ) you chicken -shit . you be gonna use what happen today as a excuse to give up . kaffee it 's over ! jo why do you ask jessep for the transfer order ? kaffee what be you -- jo in Cuba . why do you ask jessep for the transfer order ? kaffee what do it matter -- jo why ?! kaffee I want the damn transfer order ! jo bullshit ! you could have get it by pick up the phone and call any one of a dozen department at the Pentagon . you do not want the transfer order . you want to see jessep 's reaction when you ask for the transfer order . you have a instinct . and it be confirm by markinson . now damnit , let 's put jessep on the stand and end this thing ! kaffee what possible good could come from put jessep on the stand ? jo he tell kendrick to order the code Red . kaffee he do ?! why do not you say so !? that 's qreat ! and of course you have proof of that . jo I -- kaffee ah , I keep forget : you be sick the day they teach law at law school . jo you put he on the stand and you get it from he ! kaffee yes . no problem . we get it from he . ( to SAM ) Colonel , be not it true that you order the code Red on santiago ? SAM look , we be all a little -- kaffee I be sorry , you time 's run out . what do we have for the loser , judge ? well , for we defendant it 's a lifetime at exotic Fort levenworth . and for defense counsel kaffee ? that 's right -- it 's -- a Court - martial . yes , johnny , after falsely accuse a marine officer of conspiracy , Lt. kaffee will have a long and prosperous career teach typewriter maintenance at the rocco columbo School for woman . thank you for play " should we or should - we- not follow the advice of the galacticly stupid " . and with one motion , he knock everything from he desk . a ton of papers , book , file , etc. , fall to the floor . there 's dead silence . maybe just the sound of kaffee breathe after this exhaust outburst . finally ... jo I be sorry I lose you you set of steak knife . jo pick up she purse and coat and walk out . the door slam behind she . kaffee walk into the kitchen without a word . SAM get down on the floor and begin pick up all the stuff that kaffee knock off the desk . kaffee come back in with a bottle of Jack Daniels . kaffee stop clean up . but Sam continue . kaffee ( continue ) Sam . stop clean up . SAM stop and sit in a chair . kaffee sit on the couch . kaffee ( continue ) you want a drink ? SAM yeah . SAM take a swig from the bottle . kaffee be you father proud of you ? SAM do not do this to yourself . kaffee I will bet he be . I will bet he bore the shit outta the neighbor and the relative . " Sam , make Law Review . he 's get a big case he 's make -- he 's argue make a argument . " ( pause ) I think my father would have enjoy see I graduate from law school . ( beat ) I think he would have like that ... a awful lot . SAM do I ever tell you that I write a paper on you father in college ? kaffee yeah ? SAM he be one of the best trial lawyer ever . kaffee yes he be . SAM and if I be Dawson and downey and I have a choice between you or you father to represent I in this case , I would take you any day of the week and twice on Sunday . you should have see yourself thunder away at kendrick . kaffee would you put jessep on the stand ? SAM no. kaffee you think my father would have ? SAM with the evidence we have get ? not in a million year . but here 's the thing - and there 's really no way of get around this -- neither lionel kaffee nor Sam weinberg be lead counsel for the defense in the matter of U.S. versus Dawson and downey . so there 's only one question what would you do ? we hold on the two of they for a moment , then CUT to : ext . a suburban STREET - night jo be walk through the night at a brisk pace . she 's do she best not to fall apart . two headlight appear come down the street , and kaffee 's car , with SAM drive and kaffee riding shotgun , slow down alongside jo . kaffee roll down he window . kaffee joanne . jo ignore they and keep walk . the car crawl along with she . jo start walk faster . kaffee ( continue ) jo , we look ridiculous . ( to SAM ) stop the car . kaffee hop out and call -- kaffee ( continue ) joanne . jo keep walk . kaffee ( continue ) I apologize . I be angry and ... I be sorry about what I say . but jox still walk . kaffee ( continue ; call ) I be gonna put jessep on the stand . she stop . she turn around . CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment - later - afternoon a nerf ball bounce off the wall . kaffee , jo and SAM be sprawle out in the live room . for hour now they have be try to come up with a idea . kaffee 's mind seem to be on he basketball game . jo I say we hit he with the phoney transfer order . SAM what 's the transfer order without a witness ? kaffee we have a witness . SAM a dead witness . kaffee and in the hand of a lesser attorney , that would be a problem . SAM look at this . last night he be swim in he Jack Daniels , now he can leap tall building in a single bound . kaffee I be get my second wind . siddown . both of you . he see that SAM and jo be already sit down . kaffee ( continue ) good. ( beat ) jessep tell kendrick to order a code red . kendrick do , and we client follow the order . the cover - up be not we case . to win , jessep have to tell the jury that he order the code red . SAM and you think you can get he to just say it ? kaffee I think he want to say it . I think he 's piss off that he 's gotta hide from we . I think he want to say that he make a command decision and that 's the end of it . he eat breakfast 80 yard away from 4000 cuban who be train to kill he , and no one 's gonna tell he how to run he base . least of all the pushy broad , the smart Jew , and the Harvard clown . I need to shake he and put he on the defensive . SAM and jo be silent for a moment . SAM that 's it ? that 's the plan ? kaffee that 's the plan . SAM you be gonna trip jessep and he 's gonna confess . kaffee I be not gonna trip he . I be gonna lead he right where he 's die to go . SAM and how be you gonna do that ? kaffee I have no idea . I need my bat . jo what ? kaffee ( look around ) I need my bat . I think better with my bat . where 's my bat ? jo I put it in the closet . kaffee you put it in the closet . kaffee head to the closet . jo I be trip over it . kaffee ( o.s. ) do not ever put a bat in a closet . jo he think better with he bat ? and we go to kaffee at the closet . offscreen we hear SAM ( o.s. ) I can understand that . I use to have stuff panda name Mr. bobo . I could never do my home work without he . during this , kaffee 's open the closet door . he reach in to grab he bat when all of a sudden he notice something : his clothes . his uniform and he civilian clothes . hanging neatly along the bar . he stare at this a moment , then suddenly head back through the live room towards the front door . kaffee stay here , I be go to the office for a while . kaffee storm out . SAM Boy , he do think better with that bat . CUT to : int . the computer room - dusk a small room at the end of a corridor at the office . kaffee stand over a printer and watch it spit out something he 's be wait for . he tear the printout off and we CUT to : int . kaffee' office - early evening kaffee , ls look over the computer printout . from what we can tell , it resemble a large , military code phone bill . kaffee pick up the phone and dial . kaffee ( into phone ) sam. ( beat ) I need you to do something . CUT to : int . kaffee' apartment SAM hang up the phone slowly . jo what 's goin ' on ? SAM I have gotta go out to andrew . CUT to : int . courthouse corridor - day the day 's session be go to begin in a few minute . kaffee come around the corner and run into jo. kaffee be Sam here ? jo not yet . kaffee where be he ? jo he 's on he way . kaffee do he get the guy ? jo yes . listen , can I talk to you for a second ? CUT to : int . a ante - room off the corridor - day jo close the door behind they . jo how're you feel ? kaffee I think he 's gonna have he hand full today . jo listen. ( beat ) Danny . ( beat ) when you be out there . if it 's not gonna happen he 's not gonna say it ( beat ) ... do not go for it . kaffee look at she . jo ( continue ) if you feel like ... if you feel like ... you could get in trouble . ( beat ) I be special counsel for internal affair , and I be tell you , you could get in a lot of trouble . kaffee why Lt. Commander galloway ... be you suggest I back off a material witness ? jo if you think you can not get he . ( beat ) yeah . kaffee do you think I can get he ? jo ( beat ) I think it do not matter what I think . I be a administrator . ( beat ) I can not seem to defend people . kaffee take that in . he pick up he briefcase and grab he jacket . then he turn to jo . kaffee you be my hero , joanne . ( beat ) from the first day , you be a lawyer . ( beat ) live with that . and in voice over we hear the sergeant at arm . sergeant at arm ( v.0 . ) all rise . CUT to : int . the courtroom - day everyone stand at attention as randolph enter . SAM be miss . randolph ( to kaffee ) call you witness . kaffee where 's Sam ? jo he will be here . randolph Lieutenant , call you witness . kaffee Defense call Colonel Nathan jessep . jessep be escort in through a side door . he 's wear he dress uniform , adorn with the appropriate medal . ross Colonel , do you solemnly swear that the testimony you will give in this General Court - martial will be the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth so help you God ? jessep yes I do . ross would you state you name , rank , and current billet for the record please , air ? jessep Colonel Nathan R. jessep , command officer , Marine Ground force , Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . ross thank you , sir , would you have a seat , please . jessep sit . kaffee Colonel , when you learn of santiago 's letter to the nis , you have a meeting witht you two senior officer , be that right ? jessep yes . kaffee the executive Officer , Lt. Jonathan kendrick , and the company Commander , Captain Matthew markinson . jessep yes . kaffee and at present , Captain markinson be dead , be that right ? ross objection . I would like to know just what defense counsel be imply ? kaffee I be imply simply that , at present , Captain markinson be not alive . ross surely Colonel jessep do not need to appear in this courtroom to confirm that information . kaffee I just be not sure if the witness be aware that two day ago , Captain markinson take he own life with a .45 caliber pistol . and from the back of the room , SAM enter . he 's escort two young airmen in airforce dress uniform . SAM show the airmen to a seat near the front , and take he place at the defense table . over this we hear -- randolph ( o.s. ) the witness be aware , the Court be aware , and now the jury be aware . we thank you for bring this to we attention . move on Lieutenant . SAM scribbles something on a piece of paper , kaffee walk over , look at the paper on which be wrttten two name : cecil o' malley and Anthony Perez , then turn back to randolph . kaffee yes sir . Colonel , at the time of this meeting , you give Lt. kendrick a order , be that right ? jessep I tell kendrick to tell he man that santiago be not to be touch . kaffee and do you give a order to Captain markinson as well ? jessep I order markinscn to have santiago transfer off the base immediately . kaffee why ? jessep I feel that he life might be in danger once word of the letter get out . kaffee grave danger ? jessep be there another kind ? kaffee hold up a document from he table . kaffee we have the transfer order that you and markinson co-sign , order that santiago be lift on a flight leave Guantanamo at six the next morning . be that the first flight off the bass ? jessep the six a.m. flight be the first flight off the base . kaffee nod and decide to move on . jessep steal a quick glance at the two airmen sit out in the courtroom . kaffee Colonel , you fly up to Washington early this morning , be that right ? jessep yes . I notice you be wear you class a appearance in dress uniform for court today . jessep ( continue ) as be you , Lieutenant . kaffee do you wear that uniform on the plane ? ross please the Court , be this dialogue relevant to anything in particular ? kaffee the defense do not have a opportunity to depose this witness , you honor . I would ask the Court for a little latitude . randolph a very little latitude . kaffee Colonel ? jessep I wear fatigue on the plane . kaffee and you bring you dress uniform with you . jessep yes . kaffee and a toothbrush ? a shave kit ? Change of underwear ? ross you honor . kaffee ( to ross ) be the Colonel 's underwear a matter of national security ? randolph gentlemen . ( to kaffee ) you better get somewhere fast with this , Lieutenant . kaffee yes sir . Colonel ? jessep I bring a change of clothes and some personal item . kaffee thank you . kaffee get a document from he table . kaffee ( continue ) after Dawson and downey 's arrest on the night of the sixth , santiago 's barrack room be seal off and its content inventory . ( read ) pair of camouflage pants , 6 camouflage shirt , 2 pair of boot , 1 pair of brown shoe , 1 pair of tennis shoe , 8 khaki tee - shirt , 2 belt , 1 sweater -- ross please the Court , be there a question anywhere in we future ? randolph Lt. kaffee , I have to -- kaffee I be wonder why santiago be not pack . that land . on the jury , randolph , ross ... kaffee ( continue ) I will tell you what , we will get back to that one in a minute . jo hand kaffee the computer printout . kaffee ( continue ) this be a record of all telephone call make from you base in the past 24 hour . after be subpoena to Washington , you make three call . handinq jessep the printout -- kaffee ( continue ) I have highlight that call in yellow . do you recognize that number ? jessep I call Colonel fitzhuqhes in quantico , va . I want to let he know I would be in town . the second call be to set up a meeting with Congressman ramond of the House armed service comittee , and the third call be to my sister Elizabeth . kaffee why do you make that call , sir ? jessep I think she might like to have dinner tonight . ross judge -- randolph I be gonna put a stop to this now . jo 's hand kaffee another printout and a stack of letter . kaffee you honor , this be the telephone record from gitmo for August 6th . and this be 14 letter that santiago write in nine month request , in fact begging , for a transfer . ( to jessep ) upon hearing the news that he be finally get he transfer , santiago be so excited , that do you know how many people he call ? Zero. nobody . not one call to he parent say he be come home . not one call to a friend say can you pick I up at the airport . he be asleep in he bed at midnight , and accord to you he be get on a plane in six hour , yet everything he own be hang neatly in he closet and fold neatly in he footlocker . you be leave for one day and you pack a bag and make three phone call . santiago be leave for the rest of he life , and he have not call a soul and he have not pack a thing . can you explain that ? the fact be there be no transfer order . santiago be not go anywhere , be not that right , Colonel . ross object . you honor , it 's obvious that Lt. kaffee 's intention this morning be to smear a high rank marine officer in the desperate hope that the mere appearance of impropriety will win he point with the jury . ross ( continue ) it 's my recommendation , sir , that Lt. kaffee receive a official reprimand from the bench , and that the witness be excuse with the Court 's deep apology . randolph ponder this a moment . randolph ( pause ) overrule . ross you honor -- randolph the objection 's note . kaffee ( beat ) Colonel ? jessep 's smile ... ... and now he can not help but let out a short laugh . kaffee ( continue ) be this funny , sir ? jessep no . it 's not . it 's tragic . kaffee do you have a answer ? jessep absolutely . my answer be I do not have the first damn clue . maybe he be a early morning riser and he like to pack in the not . and maybe he do not have any friend . I be a educate man , but I be afraid I can not speak intelligently about the travel habit of William santiago . what I do know be that he be set to leave the base at 0600 . now be this really the question I be call here to answer ? phone call and footlocker ? please tell I you have get something more , Lieutenant . please tell I there 's a ace up you sleeve . this two marine be on trial for they life . please tell I they lawyer have not pin they hope to a phone bill . ( beat ) do you have any other question for I , counselor ? the courtroom be silence . jessep 's slam the door . kaffee look around the room , see that the world be wait for he to do something ... randolph Lt. kaffee ? kaffee say nothing . he glance over to airmen o'malley and PEREZ . randolph ( continue ) Lieutenant , do you have anything further for this witness ? kaffee do not respond . jessep get up to leave . jessep ( stand ) thanks , Danny . I love Washington . and jessep start to leave , but he 's stop by -- kaffee Excuse I , I do not dismiss you . jessep turn around . jessep I beg you pardon . kaffee I be not through with my examination . sit down . jessep Colonel . kaffee what 's that ? jessep ( to randolph ) I would appreciate it if he address I as colonal or Sir . I believe I have earn it . randolph Defense counsel will address the witness as Colonel or Sir . jessep ( to randolph ) I do not know what the hell kind of a outfit you be run here . and the witness will address this Court as judge or you honor . I be quite certain I have earn it . take you seat , Colonel . jessep go back to the stand . jessep ( continue ) what would you like to discuss now ! my favorite color ? kaffee Colonel , the six a.m. flight , be the first one off the base ? jessep yes . kaffee there be not a flight that leave seven hour earlier and land at andrew airforce base at 2 a.m .? randolph Lieutenant , I think we have cover this , have not we ? kaffee get the two log book from he table as well as the piece of paper that SAM scribble on . kaffee you honor , this be the Tower Chief 's log for both Guantanamo Bay and andrew airforce base . the Guantanamo log list no flight that leave at eleven p.m. , and the andrew log list no flight that land at 2 a.m . I would like to admit they as Defense exhibit " a " and " B " . randolph I do not understand . you be admit evidence of a flight that never exist ? kaffee we believe it do , sir . ( glance at the paper , then motion to the airmen ) Defense will be call airman cecil o'malley and airman Anthony Perez . they be work the ground crew at andrew at two a.m. on the seventh . ross you honor , this man be not on the list . rebuttal witness , you honor , call specifically to reflite testimony offer under direct examination . if you look closely at jessep , you could see a drop of sweat . randolph I will allow the witness . jessep this be ridiculous . kaffee Colonel , a moment ago -- jessep check the Tower log for christ 's sake . kaffee we will get to the airmen in just a minute , sir . a moment ago say that you order kendrick to order he man not to touch santiago . jessep that 's right . kaffee and kendrick be clear on what you want ? jessep Crystal . kaffee any chance kendrick ignore the order ? jessep ignore the order ? kaffee any chance he just forget about it ? jessep no . kaffee any chance kendrick leave you office and say , " the ' old man 's wrong " ? jessep no . kaffee when kendrick speak to the platoon and order they not to touch santiago , any chance they ignore he ? jessep have you ever spend time in a infantry unit , son ? kaffee no sir . jessep ever serve in a forward area ? kaffee no sir . jessep ever put you life in another man 's hand , ask he to put he life in yours ? kaffee no sir . jessep we follow order , son . we follow order or people die . it 's that simple . be we clear ? kaffee yes sir . jessep be we clear ? kaffee Crystal . kaffee speak with the quiet confidence that come from know you be about to drop you opponent kaffee ( continue ; beat ) Colonel , I have just one more question before I call airman o'malley and airman Perez : if you give a order that santiago be not to be touch , and you order be always follow , then why would he be in danger , why would it be necessary to transfer he off the base ? and jessep have no answer . nothing . he sit there , and for the first time , seem to be lose . jessep private santiago be a sub-standard marine . he be be transfer off the base because -- kaffee but that 's not what you say . you say he be be transfer because he be in grave danger . jessep ( pause ) yes . that 's correct , but -- kaffee you say , " he be in danger " . I say , " grave danger " . you say -- jessep yes , I recall what -- kaffee I can have the Court reporter read back you -- jessep I know what I say . I do not need it read back to I like I be a damn -- kaffee then why the two order ? ( beat ) Colonel ? ( beat ) why do you -- jessep sometimes man take matter into they own hand . kaffee no sir . you make it clear just a moment ago that you man never take matter into they own hand . you man follow order or people die . so santiago should not have be in any dangor at all , should he have , Colonel ? everyone 's sweat now . everyone but kaffee . jessep you little bastard . ross you honor , I have to ask for a recess to -- kaffee I would like a answer to the question , judge . randolph the Court will wait for answer . kaffee if kendrick tell he man that santiago be not to be touch , then why do he have to be transfer ? jessep be look at o'kalley and PEREZ . kaffee ( continue ) Colonel ? jessep say nothing . kaffee ( continue ) kendrick order the code red , do not he ? because that 's what you tell kendrick to do . ross object ! randolph counsel . kaffee will plow through the objection of ross and the admonishment of randolph . kaffee and when it go bad , you cut this guy loose . ross you honor -- randolph that will be all , counsel . kaffee you have markinson sign a phony transfer order -- ross judge -- kaffee you doctore the log book . ross damnit kaffee !! kaffee I will ask for the forth time . you order -- jessep you want answer ? kaffee I think I be entitle to they . jessep you want answer ?! kaffee I want the truth . jessep you can not handle the truth ! and nobody move . jessep ( continue ) Son , we live in a world that have wall . and that wall have to be guard by man with gun . who 's gonna do it ? you ? you , Lt. weinberg ? I have a great responsibility than you can possibly fathom . you weep for santiago and you curse the marine . you have that luxury . you have the luxury of not know what I know : that santiago 's death , while tragic , probably save life . and my existence , while grotesque and incomprehensible to you , save life . ( beat ) you do not want the truth . because deep down , in place you do not talk about at party , you want I on that wall . you want I there ( boast ) we use word like honor , code , loyalty ... we use this word as the backbone to a life spend defend something . you use them as a punchline . ( beat ) I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rise and sleep under the blanket of the very freedom I provide , then question the manner in which I provide it . I would prefer you just say thank you and go on you way . otherwise , I suggest you pick up a weapon and stand a post . either way , I do not give a damn what you think you be entitle to . kaffee ( quietly ) do you order the code red ? jessep ( beat ) I do the job you send I to do . kaffee do you order the code red ? jessep ( pause ) you be goddamn right I do . silence . from everyone . randolph , ross , the m.p. 's , they be all freeze . jo and SAM be likewise . jessep seem strangely , quietly relieved . kaffee simply take control of the room now . kaffee please the court , I suggest the jury be dismiss so that we can move to a immediate article 39a session . the witness have rights . silence . randolph look to ross . randolph Lt. Ross ? ross be freeze . he do not know what to do . kaffee ( as a friend ) Jack . ross look at kaffee , then jessep , then nod he head " yes " to randolph . randolph the sergeant at arm will take the jury to a ante-room where you will wait until further instruction . the sergeant at arm begin lead the juror out of the room . jessep what the hell 's go on ? no one will say anything until the juror be out of the room . jessep ( continue ; to captain ) Captain , what the hell 's go on ? I do my job . I would do it again . now I be get on a plane and go back to my base . randolph m.p. 's , guard the prisoner . the m.p. be be tentative . they have never hear a marine colonel refer to as " the prisoner " before . they sure as hell have never be ask to guard one . ross Guard the prisoner . jessep what the hell - ross Colonel jessep , you have the right to remain silent . any statement you do make can be use against you in a trial by court - martial or other judicial or administrative proceeding . you have the right ... ross continue read jessep he rights , over -- jessep I be be charge with a crime ? I be -- that 's what this be -- ( to Ross ) Marine ! ( Ross keep go ) Marine !! ( Ross be do he job . ) I be be charge with a crime ? I be - that 's what 's happen ? this -- I be - this be funny , you know that , this be -- and jessep lunge at kaffee , and kaffee would be dead but for the three m.p. 's who have leapt in to restrain jessep . SAM and jo have come to they foot and stand behind kaffee . jessep ( continue ; to kaffee ) I be gonna tear you eye right outta you head and piss in you dead skull . you fuck with the wrong marine . ross be do read jessep he rights . ross Colonel jessep , do you understand that rights as I have just read then to you ? jessep I save life . that boy be -- there be a weak link . I save life , you hear I ? the courtroom be silent from jessep 's outburst . jessep shake he head . jessep ( continue ) you fuckin ' people . ( beat ) you have no idea how to defend a nation . jessep ( continue ; to kaffee ) all you do be weaken a country today , kaffee . that 's all you do . you put people in danger . sweet dream , son . kaffee do not call I son . ( beat ) I be a lawyer , and a officer of the United States navy . and you be under arrest you sonofabitch . kaffee stay on jessep a moment longer , then remember -- kaffee ( continue ) the witness be excuse . the m.p. 's start lead jessep out , and kaffee notice dawson . and downey . and ross . who be watch a man in a marine colonel uniform be lead away in handcuffs ... kaffee take a handkerchief from he pocket and wipe some sweat from he hand . he take a deep breath as we slow dissolve to int . the courtroom - late afternoon there 's low murmor in the room as the juror be be lead back into they box . everyone 's in place . randolph enter . sergeant at arm ten-hut . all rise . and sit when randolph sit . randolph have the juror reach a verdict ? jury foreman we have , sir . the sergeant at arm take all the slip of paper from the foreman and bring they to randolph . kaffee stand , and nod to dawson and downey that they should do the same . SAM and jo stand as well . randolph ( read ) on the charge of murder , the member find the defendant not guilty . it 's hard to resist the temptation to scream and shout , but they do . randolph ( continue ; read ) on the charge of conspiracy to commit murder , the member find the defendant not guilty . randolph look up . then read from the last slip of paper . randolph ( continue ) on the charge of conduct unbecome a United States Marine , the member find the defendant guilty as charge . a little of the energy drain out of the room . randolph continue read . randolph ( continue ; read ) the defendant be hereby sentence by this court to time already serve , and be order ... randolph clear he throat . randolph ( continue ) ... and be order to be dishonorably discharge from the marine corps . ( pause ) this Court - martial be adjourned . randolph rap he gavel . sergeant at arm ten hut . all rise . randolph 's go . sergeant at arm ( continue ) dismiss . the m.p. 's move to dawson and downey to unlock they handcuffs . kaffee be pack up he thing , just another day at the office . dawson why ? kaffee harold , I be sorry . dawson why ?! downey I do not understand . Colonel jessep say he order the code Red . jo I know , but -- downey Colonel jessep say he order the code Red , what do we do wrong ? jo it 's not as simple as -- downey what do we do wrong ? dawson we do nothing wrong . SAM slap he hand down on the table -- SAM yes you do ! a jury just say you conduct be unbecome a marine . what do that mean ?! dawson you be the lawyer . SAM you be the marine . dawson not anymore . SAM let it hang . dawson be stare at SAM . his stare move slowly to the floor . dawson ( continue ) I never mean to hurt willy . dawson look up at he parent . the moment hang there ... before sergeant at arm kaffee , I have gotta take this guy over to personnel for some paper work . kaffee nod . sergeant at arm ( continue ; to Dawson & downey ) gentleman ? dawson look to kaffee . there 's gotta be more . this can not be it . but kaffee have nothing to say . dawson and downey walk to the sergeant at arm and begin to follow he up the aisle and out of the courtroom . but before they get to the door , kaffee turn around and call kaffee harold ! they stop and turn around . dawson Sir ! kaffee ( pause ) you do not need to wear a patch on you arm to have honor . dawson stare at kaffee for a long moment . dawson ten-hut . dawson and downey come to attention . dawson ( continue ) there 's a officer on deck . dawson snap a salute and hold it . kaffee stare back . then stand up straight and return they salute . with one last glance back at kaffee , dawson turn and walk out the door , follow by downey . ross walk over to the defense table . ross airmen cecil o'malley and Anthony Perez ? what exactly be this guy gonna testify to ? kaffee unless I be mistaken they be gonna testify , under oath , that they have absolutely no recollection of anything . ross smile . ross strong witness . kaffee and very handsome , too , do not you think ? ross I will see you around the campus . I have gotta go arrest kendrick . kaffee tell he I say " hi " . ross will do . CUT to : ext . outside the courthouse - dusk kaffee , jo and SAM be walk down the step . the band be practice on the parade grounds . jo what do you say we take the rest of the day off . go out someplace . Sam ? champage ? yoo-hoo ? SAM thanks , I can not . I be gonna go home and talk to my daughter . I think she 's gotta be bilingual by now . and SAM head off toward he car . jo so what 's next for you ? kaffee staff sargeant Henry williamson . he go to the movie on company time . what about you ? jo me? oh ... you know ... the usual . kaffee just pretty much generally annoying people ? jo yeah . ( pause ) so what do you say ? how ' bout a celebration ? kaffee no . how ' bout a date . a real date . dinner . attractive clothes . the work . jo sound good . who do you think I should call ? kaffee I will pick you up at seven . jo what be you gonna do now ? kaffee I be gonna get start on Henry williamson . ( beat ) stand my post for a while . jo hold out she hand . kaffee shake it . jo kiss he . jo wear match sock . jo split off toward she building and kaffee keep walk toward the bleacher as we pull back to include the almost empty parade grounds and pull back as to show the Washington navy yard and pull back and back and back and fade out . JUNE 1991 new york CITY