a goofy Movie screenplay by jymn magon screenplay present by '' scriproupe tt '' http : //www.scriptdude.com title screen " a Movie " appear in a formal typeface while a bold fanfare pl ay in the background , suddenly the characteristic red pol ygon | ogo appear and the letter goofy fly on the screen , knocki no the formal title askew and acconpany by the tradenark " goofy " scream the orchestra respond wth a soft , condescendi no chord . ext . wheat FI eld the movie logo scroll upward off the blue background , and soft cloud follow - smoothing the transition . the canera continue to pan downward until it come to rest on a vast , gol de wheat field . the wheat be bl owng gently in a wnd . the orchestra continue wth soft , majestic music that fit the wheat field scenery . roxanne ( V. 0 . ) I - ax ... max pop into view very close to the camera , | ook di sori ent ed . max huh ? roxanne I - ax ... the call continue and Max | ook into the screen , squinting . roxanne appear in the distance , sit on a pillar . Max begin push he way through the wheat , make he way to roxanne . finally , he emerge in a clear beneath the pedestal roxanne be sit on . max roxanne ? she turn to himand bl ow on the dandelion she be hol ding , and they brush against Max 's face . Max chuckle . she j unp off the pedestal and float gracefully down toward Max . he reach out to catch she , but lose he balance , and both tunble lightly to the ground . they lie on the ground briefly , watch the cloud and laugh . then , turn to each other , they exchange neaningful glance . slowy , as the music build to a climax , they drawcloser to kiss , but just as they be about to , roxanne recoil in fear . the background change froma pristine wheat field to a nightmarish tangle of thorns , and the nusic change accor di nal y. max ( sur pri sed ) what ? Max | ook down to find that he two front tooth have becone huge . Max stiffen and watch in horror as he foot grow equally huge , burst through he shoe . roxanne back away , terrify . stand , Max 's hand burst through he gl ove , finger by finger , grow large and exaggerated . Max 's entire body grow , dwarf roxanne and the surround | andscape . his face change , stretch and flatten , sinilar to goof y's . finally the nusic build and the camera pull back to reveal Max , now | ook exactly like goofy , stand in the remain of he tear clothing . Max grab he throat , but be unable to stifle a harsh , terrible goofy-laugh as the music peak . int . max ' S bedroom the music end abruptly as Max wake up , screaning , and sit up straight in bed . he gasp repeatedly , but slowy cal ns down . he feel he tooth wth he finger , then sigh in relief . just as he start to relax , the phone ring loudly - startling he he grab the phone and funble it , drop the receiver to the floor . he dive after it , and answer it at floor level . max hel | 0 ? ( clear throat and repeati no ) hello pj Max ? where the heck be you , man ? max pj ? pj you should have be here a hour ago ! max what ? hold on ... ( whacks clock , which reveal actual time ) qh no ! nex leap frombed , leave the receiver on the no ght st and . he grab he pants fromthe back of a chair and attenpt to put themon quickly . pj ( from receiver on no ght st and ) look , maybe we should just call the whole thing off ... Max struggle wth he pants , and grab the receiver . nax no way , man . it 's now or never ... whoa ! pj wii you would better get a move on ... I 'i1 meet you at ny i|ocker . Max hang up the phone , and he pants fall to the floor . suddenly , goofy burst in the door wap in atovel , wth another on he head . goofy mornin’ , son ! max ( embarrassed ) dad ! Max reach dow , and pull he pants up in a huff . goofy oops ! sorry ...1 forget ... goofy back out of the roomand close the door behind he I meki ately he knock on the door and wthout wait for a answer , open it again and repeat : goofy mornin’ , son !... come to see if you have any ... dirty ... clothes ... Max be run around the room try to gather he thing as quickly as possible . the roomis cluttere , wth clothes and various iten scattered everywhere . max qh ... there they be , help yourself . goofy ( look di sdai nf ull y at the mess ) nex , | think we talk about this ... max look , I 'msorry , dad . I will take care of it later . goofy what 's the big rush ? max I 'mrun late . goofy wii , | can drop you off on the way to work . max that 's okay dad , |...1 need the exer ci se . Max pull he shirt over he head , and continue grab he thing . goofy begin vacuune the floor of Max 's room suck up clothes and everything else in he path . Max be about to leave when goofy accidentally suck up the head of Max 's life - size cardboard powerline cutout . Max scream , grab the figure by its foot , and attenpt to pull it out . finally , after westling wth it for a monent , Max stonp the power swtch wth he foot and the vacuum shut off - release the figure . he stand it up and see that its head be bent and its nose be twsted into a curl . ( sadl y) dad ! you ruin it ... goofy sorry about that .... who be he , anyway ? max ( sarcastically ) it 's only powerline , dad ... the bi ggest rock star on the planet . goofy qh ... not bigger than xavier cougat , the manbo ki no ! goofy grab Max and start dance around the room wth Max flail to escape . goofy everybody manbo ! manbo , manbo , manbo . .. max dad !... come on , there 's no tine for thi st ... what if the neighbor see we ? ext . goofy's front yard Max escape and head out the door , leave goofy to he big finish . qnce outside , goofy , clad in he towel , catch Max and hand hima brown paper bag . goofy maxie , wait up ! you forget you lunch ... have a good day . to Max 's chagrin , goofy kiss himon the cheek - just as a group of he classmate skateboard by . they laugh at he nex wave back , enbarrass and stonp toward the gate to leave . as he leave , a electric guitar riff begin the " after today " song . max they ' have be | aughing since | can remenber , but they be not gonna | augh anynore . no nore " maxie the geek " no more " goof of the week " like before . Max get to the gate at the end of he yard and push it , but it will not open . after another unsuccessful attenpt , he back up to get a run start and junp over the gate . once on the si dewal k , he slip on marble which sone child be play wth . grl : no nore algebra test till September . nex , slip on the marble , bunp into the girl and she boyf rie end . boyfri end : no nore I ookin ' at loser like he her boyfriend grab Max and toss hi m asi de . KI d1 no nore havin ' to cheat . KI D2 no nore nystery neat . ki d2 grab Max 's lunch as he walk by . ext . suburban STREET several other student on they way to school fling j ockstrap at each other and passersby , one of themhit Max in the face . KI d3 no nore gym KI d4 no nore gym KI DS no nore gym KI d6 ( yell ing ) no nore gym chad 's S G rlfri end gonna nove to the mall . chad gonna live in the pool . max gonna talk to roxanne and not feel like a fool , ' cause ... Chad 's girlfriend punch Max in the arm a group of student on skateboard follow themup the street as they walk away . all after today i| 'mgonna be cruisin 's . nax after today she will be nine . all after today ny brain wll be snoozin’ . Max pop up behind several l|ady on bus stop bench , startling they nax if | do not faint , I will be fine . twn grl I have get forty more ninute of hone econoni cs . twn guy then dow wth the textbooks . nerdy KI DS and up wth the conic . Max run through a flock of pigeon , scare they away . nax just think of all the time I have be losin’ , find the right thing to max say . but thing wii be go ny way , after today ... nex , in front of the nusic store , stop and wave at roxanne pass by . she do not see himand continue on . Max | ook turn away sadly , and | ook into the music store and see Stacey and another girl look starstruck at the powerline i spl ay . max she | ook right through not , and who could blane she . | need a new not , plus some positive proof that I be not just a goof , and ... a school bus pass by , wth fill wth student incl udi no Bobby and sone cheer ! eader . chorus after today i| 'mgonna be cruisin 's . grunge gi rls no nore pep rally to cut - bl eah ! chorus after today ny brain wll be snoozin’ . bus dri ver I " ’mgonna sit on ny butt . everyone pile out of the bus , the cheerleader bounce all the way , and the grunge girl | ook equally disgust wth the proceeding . Max , run to class , slide dow a bani ster and bunp into principal mazur , knock he toupee askew max I have get less than a hour , and when this be end , I will either be famous ... nazur qo you will be suspend ! ext . stadi um Max run into the stadiumand onto the track , flip over a hurdle and continue past a group of heavy girl do exercise and | ook exhaust ed . all just think of all the time I have be lose , wait until | could say ... the graduate , in cap and gowns , toss they cap in the air . several kid junp out of car , one of themslann the door on the pucker lip of they nother . the band and cheerleader be practice formation in the field . the drum raj or toss she baton in the air and catch it in she tooth . all gonna be on ny ow , kiss the parent good - bye , gonna party from now to the end of July , thing wll be go ny wy after today ... Max run up to the top of the bleacher and enjoy feel the wnd bl owng in he face . the school bell ring , attract everyone 's attention - the band and cheer ! eader , the j ockstrap fling kid , Chad and he girlfriend , who be kissing , and Max . max | wsh that this be the day ... after today . just after finish the line , Max start down the bleacher and trip . he fall , flail and screaning , to the bottom of the bleacher and land on he face . a group of student include Chad and he girlfriend gather around he | aughing as he reach to pick up he book . the crowd disperse , and roxanne approach to help himpick up he book . when Max see who she be , he stand up , f| ! abbergast . roxanne be you all right ? max yeah ... yeah , i| 'mokay , | just - Max babbl es incoherently and roxanne give himan under stand snile . then both start to giggle . nax ( babbl i no ) uh...um..well , |...ah ... ( chuckl es ) .um..h - yuk ! ( goof y | augh ) Max , absolutely nortify wth the silly laugh , cover he nouth , gasp , and start to back away . roxanne give hima curious glance , and he turn and run away . part of the way to the stadi umexit , he run into some garbage can and trip . recovering , he run out the exit , screaning - | eave roxanne stand by herself . int . school hallway now inside the school , Max berate himself while wal king down the hall . max | can not believe | do that ! arrgh ! she finally say " hi " to I , and what do | do ? | joke ! " hyuk " ... she probably think I 'ma big spazz . Max approach pj , who be digging through he | ocker . pj where have you be , buddy ? max hi peej ... do you get the canera ? pj , look very nervous , pull a cancorder out of he | ocker . pj ( ner vous ! y) look , Max ... if my dad catch not wth this , he will kill I ! be you sure you gotta do this ? max roxanne do not even notice not ... but after today ... a bright light suddenly envelop they squint , they | ook toward the source and see a cart full of audio / video equi prent . a 1950s style guitar riff play . Bobby , stand beside it , be drink froma fountain through a straw max Bobby ! Max and pj approach the cart and join Bobby in the room max wow this be all for we ? bobby ( finish he drink ) nnmmm .. sl you page . . . max qh , this be gonna be great , man ! mex start to pull the cart out of the room but Bobby stop he 10 . bobby dude ... need fundage , bro ... max qh , you fee ... yeah , yeah ... rie ght here . Max hand Bobby a brown paper bag , which Bobby open anxi ousl y . bobby cheddar ! oww ( how like a wolf ) cheddar whi zzi e! Bobby shake the can up and hold it in the air , squirt a bunch of it into he mouth . Max and pj react wth nauseous look . Bobby stop spraying and start lick it off of he lip . he cough and thunps he chest , cough sone of the cheese onto Max and pu . bobby mim .. spre 'y scunshus . [ it 's pretty scr unpt i ous ] Bobby , suddenly appear behind Max and pj who be try to wpe the cheese off of they clothes , grab they both around the shoulder , force Max and pj to snile . bobby let 's do it , lady ! int . school audi tori um Stacey stand behind the podi umin a auditorium pack wth rowly student , give themthe standard end - of - school retrospective speech . stacey as student body president , | just want to say , like " yay " to all of we for a really neat year . nerdy KI D ( mocki no chant ) yo Stacey ! talk to I , talk to not , talk to not , baby ! Stacey shoot the kid a disdainful | ook . stacey and finally , | hope you can all attend ny totally amazing end - of - school party next Saturday to watch the 11 . stacey powerline concert live on pay-per - vi ew . everyone cheer | oudl y . stacey thank you , thank you very nuch ... and now , wthout further adieu , principal mazur . the cheer continue as principal mazur , offstage , be fix he tie and put on he biggest snile . he walk into the spotlight , which follow himtoward the podium inmedi ately , all the cheer cease , leave only the sound of cricket chirp . he reach the podium and begin he speech . nazur thank you , Stacey ... and G norni no , boy and girl . you know , every year on the last day of school , | have several youngster approach I and say , " principal mazur , what can have do to not waste we summer vacation ? W do not want to waste we free tine sleep , or visit friend " ... everyone look at each other and yawn . Chad | ean forward in he seat to talk to roxanne . chad say , uh , roxanne ... about Stacey 's party ... the canera zi p- zoom to Max , who be backstage and dress in a powerline costume . he be poke he head out from behi no the curtain , and he see Chad talk to roxanne . close the curtal n , he zip up he costune and turn toward Bobby a . max be you ...uh... how be you doin 's dow there , Bobby ? Bobby , wear a welder 's helmet , be use a acetylene torch to connect pile of cable and equipment . a video nonitor beside himis flash a variety of image . he lift the hel meet and shoot Max and pj a half sarcastic , half joke gl ance . bobby do not give not that attitude , guy ... I 'mdoing it all for you . 12 . he put the helmet back on and continue . the scene shift to pj , who be walk while | ook into the canvorder 's vi ew i nder . pj ( ner vous ! y) this be nut . | do not know why I let you guy talk not into this . if my dad find out , he 's gonna nuke ny entire existence ... aahh ! pj be not watch where he be go , and he trip on sone cable that be lie on the stage . he fall , allude to thing to cone , and briefly appear behind mazur before the cur tai n settles back into position . Max grab he and hel ps i m up . max | hope this work ... qn stage , mazur continue he speech . the spotlight suddenly go out , leave himsurprise and in the dark . nazur ... how about " science sl umber party " ! -- huh ? backstage , Max don he powerline visor and give the other a " thunbs up '' . Bobby , at the control panel , give a thunbs up . pj , turn on the cancorder , give a nervous thunbs up . Bobby press a button and a fast pop-rock beat begin play . the curtain begin to rise , revealing a large video projection screen . mazur start to speak , but Bobby press a button backstage - drop himthrough a trapdoor . nazur what ?... hey !... 1'm not gonna just - aaaaaaahhhhhhh ! Max , in a powerline pose , appear on the screen wth a ani mate atom behind himand scan line zipping up and down the screen . the audience gasp and | ook pleasantly surprised ; Bobby | augh heartily . the video display change color and image dynanically as " stand qut " begin . the action be still occur on the video nonitor as special effect footage of Max , wth pj run the canera . max ( li p- synching powerline ) sone people settle for the typical thing , live all they life wait in the wng . it be not a question of 13 . max if , just a matter of time , before | move to the front of the line . once you be watch every nove that | make , you be gonna believe that | get what it take to stand out , above the crowd even if | gotta shout out loud . ' til mine be the only face you will see , gonna stand out till you notice I . the scene change to reveal the audience 's positive reaction , incl uding roxanne 's . the canera angle rotate around pj and through he leg , as he continue to film Max . Max get catch in the cable iying on the floor and trip . he fall , screaning , and rip through the screen , roll out onto the stage and leave the monitor display static . he stand up and be notionless for a monent , as he look at the crow in the auditorium the image of the crow be reflect off of he visor as he | ook nervously around the room he | ook at pj and Bobby , who be stand offstage ; they | augh and give himthe " thunbs - up " . Max look back toward the crowd , and the reflection on he visor pan fromthe image of Bobby and pj to roxanne - who be shyly snile at the unknow performer . reassured , Max head straight for she . Bobby , offstage , decide to provide sone visual flair by spraying a foggy mist onto the stage . bobby a little smok -age ! oww ( how like a wolf Max stride across the stage , moonwal ki no . max ( li p-synchi no power ! i not ) powerli ne ( speak ) if | could make you stop and take a look at I instead of just ... pomerli ne W th chorus wi kin 's by . he lip -synch the followng line directly to roxanne . her face reflect off Max 's visor . max ( li p-synchi no power ! i not ) 14 . pomerli ne ( speak ) there 's nothing that | would not do , if it be get you to notice ... powerli ne W th chorus I 'malive . pj craw onstage , hide by the smoke , and hook Max onto a cable . max ( li p- synching powerline ) all I need be every chance , a second think , a second glance to prove | get whatever it take ... ( speak ) it 's a piece of cake . Bobby and pj lift Max off the stage and he fly around the audi tori um during the follow no chorus , nuch to everyone 's exci tenent . chad ' S G rlfri end who 's that guy ?! he grab a basketball froma tall kid and dunk it in the basket as he fly by . max ( li p-synchi no powerline ) to stand out , above the crowd ) even if | gotta shout out loud . ' til nine be the only face you will see gonna stand out ... nex fly toward roxanne , who be wait wth a outstretch hand . they almost touch , but the cable he 's on stop short , pull he backwards into spin as the nusic sl ow dow and stop . he swng toward a disgruntled principal mazur , who stop himand take off he visor . offscreen KI D it 's the goof boy ! all ( gasp ) . everyone | ook in shock at Max , except roxanne who snile appreci ati vel y . Bobby ( wth pj in sort of a headlock ) , still offstage , realize they fate . bobby W ' be bust - ed ! 15 . int . photo CENTER in departnent store the scene change wth a canera flash to a close up of goofy make a funny face and squeezing a rubber ducky . the angle change and we see a small , bald baby on the verge of tear . phe be bei no phot ographed by goofy , who be attenpt to get er to smile . goofy coochy - coochy - goo - goo ! Cone on ... smile ! sniley-wley !... B b- b - b- b- b- b- b- b... oh cone on , kinmie ... give I a big - goof y squeeze a rubber ducky , make the typical squeaky noise in a attenpt to get she to smile . as he squeeze it , the squeaker pop out of the toy and into he mouth - get catch in he throat . gasp , goofy make the squeaky noise repeatedly . this anuse the little girl , and she begin | augh - ing . see he chance , goofy step behind the canera and take the picture of the little girl - wth the red- eye glow intact . as he continue , Pete enter the scene . goofy make the squeaky sound , which annoys Pete . goofy | ook at he and make a i nqui siti have - soundi no squeak . pete stop goofin ' around ! Pete slap goofy on the back of the head , dislodge the squeaker . finish , goofy pick up the little girl and return she to she mother - continually make baby noise to anuse the child . goofy qkay kinnie , back to nonmny , now B - b - b- b- b-b... ( baby tal k) you be such a cute little girlie ... you come back and see not ... ki mv e's nom qh , you have such a way wth child . goofy blushes as the nother | eave . pete ( nocki no ) '' you have such a wy wth chil dren " ... pah ! Pete approach goofy , who be attend to the next custoner . goofy qkay now ... who 's next over he - 16 . Pete knock goofy out of the way . pete step aside , goof . let a pro show you how it 's do ... Pete bend down and talk to the little girl . she kick he in the shin , run around himseveral time , up he back , and junp on he head . pete qh hello , precious ...ow...oof !... ( to the nother ) you |ucky wonan ... Pete follow the little girl , who be hide behind the photo stand , and duck back and forth several tine attenpt to catch she . finally , he reach over the stand and grab she roughl y . pete Cone on here , honey ... it 's picture time ... she 's so cute ... little G rl peek - a- boo !. . . oof ! the girl continue to struggle as goofy and Pete talk . goofy gawsh , Pete ... you sure be good wth kid ... pete qh yeah ... they love I . why , pj ...he 's be begging not to take himon vacation this summer . goofy really ? where be you go ? pete canpi no ! nothing like the great out door to strengthen the bond bet ween a father and a son . Pete attaches velcro pad to the table and the girl 's diaper , then velcro she to the table . she attenpt , unsuccessfully , to get up . goofy qh , Max would never go for anything like that . goofy placate the little girl wth a stuff animal . 17 . pete | do not know , goof . sonethin 's wo when a kid will not spend time wth he parent . for all you know he 's run around wth sone gang , and stealin ' stuff , and causin’ riot ... goofy qh , Max be a good kid ... he would never get mis xed up into sonethe like that . int . princi pal mazur S offi ce wth a loud crash reniniscent of a jail door slan , the scene shift to a overhead view of Max and Bobby wait in the principal 's office . mss maple , the secretary , sit across the roomfromthem type and hum the hungarian death march . Max be | ook terrify , and Bobby be sl ouchi no across the chair - face the wall . max I 'ma failure , a conplete loser ... ny one chance to impress roxanne and | blewit ... after a few monent , Bobby nunble and turn to Max , hol ding a small sculpture make of squeeze cheese . bobby Hom ... Max , look ... it 's the | ean tower of cheese - a . he squish the entire creation into he mouth nessily and eat it . after a monent pj emerge , | ook shell - shocked . pj qh , man ... my dad be gonna smash not like a bug ! bobby ( cheer for ul | y / j oki nal y) hey , pj ! deten-tion ! ha ha ha ! mazur ( V. .. ) Robert Zi mrerooski ... bobby ( concer ned ) unm .. okay ...1 ' mcone ... ( qui etl y) mex ... here ... guard this wth you life , dude ... 18 . Bobby hand Max the can of squeeze cheese and push a cartload of audio / video equi pment into mazur 's office , while he signature guitar music play in the backgr ound . bobby ( confi dent ! y) hey ! me-za-ur ! what 's up , bro ? Bobby begin talk to mazur , and shut the door . Max put he head in he hand and sit notionlessl y. roxanne and Stacey enter the room wth Stacey chatter at a fast pace . they approach the desk to get sone papers . stacey ... and then the air conditioning go on the fritz , so ! figure wth all that kid in the house the place would be like a sauna ; so I ' mall freak out , but then | think , like , " use it " , so my theme 's gonna be ' powerline go rainforest ' . too nuch ?... roxanne , be you |i st ening ? roxanne notice Max sit on the chair , and she gaze at he Stacey notice that she 's lose she attention and see why . stacey ( know nal y) qohhhh .... tsk , tsk , tsk . she push roxanne toward Max . roxanne Stacey , no ... i! do not wanna - stacey talk to he roxanne walk over toward Max , but wth he head dom , he do not notice she . she clear she throat several time , but to no avail . roxanne ahem . . ahem she turn back to Stacey and give she a ' now what ? 's gl ance . Stacey notion she to conti nue . stacey tap he roxanne approach Max and tap himon the shoul der . 19 . startle , Max quickly sit upright and knock roxanne 's book to the floor . realizing what he 's do , he begin apol ogi zi no as she begin to gather they max gosh , I 'msorry ... roxanne it 's okay . he bend down to help she and they si nul taneously reach for the same book and touch each other ' hand accidentally . Max pull he away , embarrassed . roxanne um ..| like you dance . max yeah . ... yeah ?! uh , yeah , it 's from powerline 's new vi deo . both stand up si nul taneous ! y. roxanne | know , he ... he 's totally a genius . max yeah , he 's do a concert next week in LA roxanne qh yeah ! Stacey be show it at she party . max yeah ... roxanne yeah ... max uh , roxanne ...1 ! be , uh , sorta kinda think that maybe I would , um ask you to go wth not , that be , to the ... party ... of course , if you do not want to , I would conpletel y under st and ! roxanne wii , | be sorta , kinda think that ... 1'd love to ! Max and roxanne both start to fluster . max yeah ? 20 . roxanne yeah ! max good ! roxanne geat ! max terrific ! roxanne wonder for ul ! max all right ... roxanne okay ... Stacey approach to extract roxanne . stacey Cone on roxanne , we do not want to bel abor the moment , now do we ? roxanne wii , I would better be go ... max ( confi dent ! y) I " 11 , uh , call you later . roxanne okay . . . bye . roxanne back away slowy , shyly and back into the wall beside the office door . after leave , she walk down the hall wth Stacey . stacey see ? that be not so bad .... I tell you man be easy to deal wth ... back in the principal 's office , Max wave shyly at roxanne as she leave then junp up in the air and begin yell . max ( gl eef ul I y) yes !! she say yes !!! hoo hoo hoo ! everybody manbo ! Max begin dance around the room out of sheer joy , wth manbo nusic play in the background . 21 . after several noment , he grab mss maple and involve she in he dance ... while she be still sit in she chair . shortly , mazur and Bobby appear at the office door . Bobby smile and encourage Max . bobby yeah ! dance wth she ... groove wth she ... nazur ( angrily ) mss meple ! nezur order mss maple to call goofy , even while she be still careen back and forth in Max 's manbo . m ss naple ( cheer full y) yes sirrrrr ! nazur ( angrily ) get that boy 's father on the phone ! m ss naple ( cheer full y) right away sirrrr ! int . pri NC pal mazur 's S | nner offi ce mazur stand in he office , wth he paddle collection behind he look through the slit of light penetrate he mini blind at Max . goofy hel | 0 ? nazur uh yes , M. goof ... this be principal nezur . I 'mcall in regard to you son , maxi nillian . goofy nax ? oh ny gawsh , be he hurt ? nazur no , M. goof ...he 's in trouble ! goofy trouble ? what kind of trouble ? nazur ( angrily ) dress like a gang rnenber ... 22 . goofy gasp in shock and stagger backward . goofy gang nenber ?? nazur ... you son cause the entire student body to break into a riotous frenzy ! goofy ri to ?? oh , could not be ny - nazur if | be you , M. goof , I would seriously re-eval uate the way you be raise you child , before he end up in the electric chai r! goofy the electric chair ! ? nezur hang up and goofy drop he phone . he slunp into a nearby chair . goofy what be ! gonna do ? int . photo CENTER in departnent store goofy sit shell shocked in the chair for a moment . suddenly , a bright blue light illuninate himand pan across the room - acconpany by a announcenent on the PA system announcer ( V. q ) Blue light special on aisle three ... blue light special on aisle three . goofy rise slowy , and walk toward the rotate blue beam of light . it cross he face repeatedly and scan across the room goofy approach the sale table . q the table be a assortment of small child 's toy that look like a boy fishing . he bounce the toy 's spring - !oad head . suddenl y goof y's face brighten as he get a idea . goofy Lake destiny ... now excited , goofy run back toward the photo Department and tell Pete he plan . pete qkay , kiddo ... now , snile ! goofy stick he head in front of the camera Pete be use . 23 . goofy Lake destiny | daho ! pete Lake who - de wha ! ? goofy you be right , Pete ... nothing like the great outdoors to strengthen the bond bet ween father and son . you say so yourself ... pete wii , yeah ... but .... goofy I 'mgoin ' fishing ! i'mgoin ' fishing wth ny boy ! wthout wait for Pete 's response , goofy run off , carry the toy . Pete shake he head in confusion and | ook back through the lens . pete yeah ... okay , preci ous ... give not a big sni - the little girl he be photograph be go , only she diaper remain . she run dom the aisle in pursuit of goofy . little g@ rl ha haha ha ! fishie ! fishie ! fi shie ! ext . front of school everything be absolutely still in a wde shot of the school 's front door . suddenly , the school bell ring and the door expl ode open and crowd of student pile out at high speed . anong themis Bobby and a nunber of recur character ; the focus be on Max as he walk away fromthe school . a nunber of people approach he include some who have ridicule he earlier . kid 1 cool concert , | ad ! max ( i ncredul ous ) what ? kid 2 you wail , bud ! 24 . Max , incredulous , continue to take it all in . Chad 's girlfriend approach he but Stacey quickly shove she away . chad 's S G rlfri end hey , Max ... wick dance ... stacey forget it , girl ... he 's roxanne 's s. suddenl y pj run up behind Max and junp on he shoul der . Max strain against the load as pj conplinent himon the day 's event . pj Way to go , Max ! | just hear about you and roxanne ... max oof ! peej ! Max dunp himon to the ground . pj begin a chant for he pj ( i ncreasi nal y | oud ) see ...1 | tell you we plan would work ... Max !... Max !... Max !... Max !... Max !... Bobby , hang froma statue , continue the cheer . bobby Max - i - num ... Max - i - mu - unl cheerleader Max !... Max !... Max !... all Max !... Max !... Max !... at this point , music build in volume and segues into the middle of " stand out " as Max leave the school yard . pomerli ne all | need be every chance , a second think , a second glance to prove | get whatever it take . Max run past a school bus , slapping hand wth people on the sidewalk and in the window . he then don he ball cap and powerline visor . max ( li p- synchi no ) 25 . max ( speak ) it 's a piece of cake ... pomerli ne to stand out , yeah yeah ... ( repeat and di gress ) ... till mine be the only face you will see , gonna stand out so you will notice not ... nex nmoonwal ks past the bus stop lady see in " after today " , spin around the bus stop sign and junp - slapping the | eave in a nearby tree . en route home , he run through a nunber of yard . Max run under kid on a swngset , then swng from they tire . he fly over a sunbather and bounce off she di ving board , landing on a slip and ' slide and grab a skateboard . he skateboard over over a fence , then through a construction site , do | oop inside a large pipe . he exit the pipe and land on a truck label " starve House pet mbvi no and storage " . he skate off the truck , under the sofa be nove , and directly into the house 's kitchen . he zip by a baby , and grab its fork . he dismount the skateboard and sonersault across the street to he house as the nusic fade and finish . he enter the gate to he yard , and pass goofy - who be pack the car for a trip . ext . goofy's front yard max goi no somewhere , pop ? goofy sure be , pal - erooni e ! max cool ! wii , have a good time , dad . if you be gonna be go nore than a nonth , drop not a line . goofy but Max , this be not just mw vacation ... it 's a vacation wth not and ny best buddy ! max qh , Donald duck ? goofy no , silly ! wth you ! the canera do a zip - zoomtoward Max , center on he shocked face . he collapse , fall backwards . fading from black , we see a upward -! ook view of goofy cone into focus . he slap Max 's face lightly to rouse he 26 . goofy be you okay , maxie ? max wha - what do you say ? goofy that 's right ! a vacation , son ! W will spend sone real quality time together ! goofy pick himup and hug he max | think i’ mgonna be sick . goofy hey , get a present for ya ! max no !... dad !... stop !... what be you - goofy grab Max . after a flurry of hand , fly cl othes , and protest from Max , goofy step back to reveal Max dress in a fishing hat , hip wader and a inflatable vest . after a beat , goofy 's hand appear and pull the string on the vest . as the canera pull back quickly , the vest inflate rapidly - puffing up to full size - leave Max | ook like a large balloon . goofy look at he pleased wth the gift . goofy you look just like | do at you age . max ( exasper at ed ) please do not say that , dad . goofy wait , | save the best for last . goof y produce a dusty old rectangular box . he bl ow cl oud of dust off the surface . goofy it 's be hand dow from goof to goof to goof , and now .. it 's yours , son . goofy open the box to reveal a old fishing rod inside . max a stick ? goofy no , silly , a fishin’ pole ! 27 . goofy twrl the line in the air . max fi shing ? we be go FI shi no ! ? goofy yep , just like ny dad and not do ... two best buddy fishing on Lake destiny ... away fromit all ... goofy walk toward the car . max | do not wanna be " away fromit all " , dad ...1 like ... " it all " . goofy hey , look , maxie ... we be usin’ the same map not and ny dad use . w'l ! take the sane route , make the sane stop , see the sane sight ... enchant , maj esti c- sounding nusic begin play as goofy open a old , dusty map and spread it across the hood of the car . Max , still puffed up , waddle over . the map have a tangle of criss -crossing , looping , will line draw on it ... eventually lead to Lake destiny , Idaho . at the bottom be a list of name end wth walter goofy and benj anin goofy , which be both cross out , and beneath themis scraw " all goof " . Max be shocked . max agh ! but that trip would take week , dad ! goofy exactly ! gettin 's there 's half the fun ! Max push the nap asi de . max put the map away , dad ... it 's not gonna happen ... goofy careful , son ! you will winkle ny past ... and we future ... ( myst eri ousl y) what the map say , Max , have wll follow .. max that 's very ... " nystical " and everything , dad ... but , uh , 28 . max seriously .... there 's this party | have to go to and , it 's really inportant - goofy aw ... there wll be plenty of tine for party when you be older , | maxie ... why , when | be you age , I would never even be invite to a party , and look at I now goofy strike a proud pose . max ( sarcastically ) geat , dad ... goof y open the car door in hope of persuade Max to get in . goofy hop in , maxie . Max shut the door . max no. goofy be uncertain howto proceed . he think a nonent , and he face brighten wth a idea . he then frown sadly and proceed to try to make mx feel guilty . goofy qh , all right , then ... guess I will just have to go - all alone , that 's all ... just sit in the boat - all alone ... and talk to nyself - all al one ... nax ( unmove ) I guess so ... goofy qh , come on ! hop in ! goofy open the car door again hope to persuade he Max refuse repeatedly and shut the door each time goofy open it . max no , dad ... 29 . goofy just hop right in there ! max no. goofy Cone on , maxie ... go for it ! at this point , goofy be out of idea , conpletely frustrated . he grab Max , who be still immobile in the inflatable vest , and shove theminto the car . he tie himdow wth the seatbelt , acconpany by a barrage of protest from Max . goofy w're ready for takeoff ! goof y shut Max in as he struggle wth the restraint , run around the car and get in the driver 's side . he get ready to start the car . goofy set for adventure , maxie ? max ( exasper at ed ) why be you dong this to I , dad ! ? goofy ( fri ght ened ) " Cause | do not want you to end upin the electric chair ! max electric chair ? what be you - goofy I be not givin 's up on ya , son ... together we be gonna work this out . max wrk this out ! ? but dad ! goofy no but about it , maxie boy ... you old pop know best . max but ... Max be speechless . as goofy start the car to leave , he resign himself to the situation . he look gloonily at the fishing pole . 30 . ext . suburban STREET goof y back out of the driveway and run over part of he fence , crush it . goofy G bye house !...g' bye mai ! box !...g' bye pile of break wood ! they head down the road , and be only several block from they house when Max renenber he date wth roxanne . max good - bye hope , good - bye drean , good - bye roxanne . . . roxanne ! ( agi t at ed ) dad , I have get to stop sonewere first , | have to talk to someone ... goofy wil ... Max grab the wheel of the car , turn it to the right . the car careen around the turn , lean sideways . bounce off of other vehicle and sever a fire hydrant , the car finally pull to the side of the road . Max get out and head up the wal kway in roxanne 's front yard . ext . roxanne ' S porch goofy now make it quick , maxie boy ... we have get to put sone road behind we . Max mutter to hinself , frustrated . max you get to cancel you first date in less than a hour ... nmust be sone kind of lame - of record . Max arrive at the front door and ring the bell . after a short pause , a large , hulk man appear in the door in a undershirt and boxer short . he grunt . frightened , Max take a step backwards . max ( ner vousl y) hhic...l roxanne home ? m nane be nex ... the large man grunt angrily at Max . 31 . max do roxanne live here ?... do she even live on this bl ock ?... Max start to leave when roxanne appear in the door besi de the man . roxanne wait ! it 's okay daddy , maxis a friend fromschool . go on , go on ... good daddy ... ( embarrassed ) hey , Max ... roxanne | ook enbarrass and usher she father back into the house . max ( i ncoher ent ) he - uh ... huh ... roxanne ( ner vousl y) do you , uh , want to have a seat ? Max and roxanne walk to the other side of the porch to talk . once there , Max lift roxanne onto the banister by she hip . her father , watch through the mail slot , grunt angrily at they this startles Max , and he quickly put he hand behind he back and grin innocently . roxanne chide she father . roxanne ( angrily ) daddy ! once he leave , Max hop onto the banister beside roxanne and they continue they conver sati on . roxanne | promise he will be better behave when you pick I up for the party . max yeah , that 's , uh , sorta why | cane by ... roxanne I 'mreally look forward to it , mex . max ( dej ect edl y) yeah ...1...was ...too ... 32 . roxanne be ? max you see , ny dad 's on this stupid " father - son " kick ... ( sadl y) qh ... do not worry about it Max , it 's just a dunb party ... nax no , it 's not ! roxanne , | really want to go wth you ! roxanne no , |... Max , | understand ... max but ny dad surprised I ...! do not even want to go , but | have no choice . roxanne ( di sappoi not ed ) I 'msure | can find soneone else ... nax ( shocked ) s- soreone el se ? roxanne i'll ...just ... talk to you later ... roxanne begin wal king toward she front door , to go inside . she be almost to the door , and Max panic . he do not want roxanne to go to the party wth someone else , so he blurt out a lie . max um..uh ... roxanne ... my dad i .uh ...my dad be take I to the powerline concert in LA !...ugh ... ( incr edul ous ) you dad 's take you clear across the country just to see a concert ? max ( realize what he 's sai d ) um.. you see , uh ...my dad know , uh - know - know powerline ! they use to play together ... l- in a band ! yeah ! 33 . goofy beep the car horn and yell to Max . goofy Cone on , son ! let 's get this show on the road ! max ( del i ber atel y) just a ninute ... you party ... animal ... you . goofy grin sheepi shl y . roxanne you be really serious ... max absol utel y...so , uh ... you be not still think of go wth soneone else , be you ? roxanne wil , | guess - max ( interrupt ) because | be hope | could , uh , wave to you onstage , when have join powerline for the final number . this be incredible ! max wii , | would not miss we date for anything that be not incredible , roxanne . roxanne kiss Max on the cheek . he stunbles backward , then start to walk toward the car . roxanne have a great time at the concert , nex ... Max nunble sonethe , still daze , and stunbles sl owy toward the car . he be almost there when roxanne shout from here por ch . I will see you on tv ! the gravity of he situation hit himand he quickly sober up . 34 . max ( to hi msel f) I " minute deep sl udge . Max get in the car and hang he head out the wndow goofy start the car and drive away . ext . hi ghvway the heavy nusic of the previous scene segues to a cheerful , bouncy tune and we see goofy 's car zipping along a hi ghway anong other car . then the view change to that of a cancorder viewinder jerkily pan around the interior of the car and toward Max as goofy begin he vacation vi deo . goofy Day one ! wii , here we be , out on the open road ; retrace the step of ny boyhood ... and heeeeere 's maxie !... a hyuk !... say hi , Max ! goof y pan the canera toward Max , who be | ook sadly out the wndow when pronpt , Max look briefly at the canera , then quickly turn away . goofy wii , how about a wave ? Max put he hand over the lens , but goofy remain undaunted . max ( irritate ) not now , dad . goofy what a kidder !.... hnmm .. goof y |ook at Max thoughtfully and begin to get frustrated when he cone up wth a idea . he check he pocket and find a hastily scraw list of game that he have play wth he father as a child . some of the item include story tell , road bingo , twenty question and simon say . he begin to read the list , and excitedly ask Max to play when he pick one . goofy fun gane | use to play wth ny dad ... road bingo ... twenty que - oh !... hey maxie , uh , let 's play a gine ? you think of a nane , and I will try to guess who it be ! uh , man or woman ? max ( unent husi asti cal I y) man ... 35 . goofy man ? hnnm ..that 's a toughie ... wilt Di sney ! max ri ght ... goofy ooh , I ' mgood at this ... now uh , I will think of one ... hnmm .. goof y's think be interrupt but | oud and raucous rock guitar music . surprise , he look at Max , who be busy play " air guitar '' wth he hand and listen to the nusic . goofy ( shouting over the nusi c) qh ! you want to sing a song , huh ? ne and ny dad use to sing this one all the tine ! goofy grab a ei ght - track cassette fromhis rack , put it in the car 's tape deck , start it play , and sing ( poorly ) along wth it . Max look at goofy in disbelief . recorded nusi C and goofy ( song : " hi gh hope " ) hi gh hope , he 's get high hope , he 's get high apple pie in the sky hope - Max , have hear enough , turn back to the radio and continue he air guitar play - interrupt goofy 's song . after several monent , goofy turn the tape back on and continue sing ... anger Max . recorded music and goofy oop there go another rubber tree - Max turn he music back on , follow by goofy play he . they conflict escalate , and they swtch song faster and faster , both get continually angrier . recorded nusi C and goofy ... 0op there go ano -... oop there go - ... oops ... oop . . . finally , they both jamtheir button simultaneously and the stereo mangle the tape , then bl ow up in a puff of smoke . 36 . max ( angrily ) qh great , dad ... now we do not have any nusi c! goofy oh , maxie ... it 's not so bad ! W will just have to entertain oursel ves . Max sigh and resune | ook out the wndow goofy begin to get frustrated as they sit in silence , wth car pass quietly . he look around for something to do , then notice the car key rattling against he Disney | ogo keychain in a interesting rhythm he I ook in the side- view nirror and see that the tailpipe have join in - puffing and backfire in time . sone rattling pot and pan in they | uggage contribute , and goofy begin whi stl ing . nex |ook at he bored , as they nerge onto the hi ghwey - pass a sign | abele " qpen Road " - and goofy begin the " qpen Road " song . try to live himup , goofy playfully poke at Max , nuss up he hair , and grab himin a hug-like hold - but he do not pay attention to where he 's go , and the car swerve wildly . goofy do you need a break from nodern livin ' ? do you long to shed you weary load ? if you nerve be raw , and you brain be fry , just grab a friend and take a ride together upon the open road . Max pries goofy 's arm off he neck , and return to he original position , exasperate . nax all in all , I would rather have detention . all in all , I would rather eat a toad . goofy yuck ! goofy nearly hit a tractor- trailer , then zip across | ane of traffic . he hit the guard rail , send out a shower of spark and set the car on two wheel . while partially airborne , Max 's side of the car pass over a notorcycle wth sidecar . they then get back on course as they pass row of snoke factory . max and the old man drive like such a klutz , that i| 'mabout to hurl ny gut directly upon the open road . 37 . goofy there 's nothin’ can upset I , cause now we be on we way . we trusty map will guide we straight and true . now pass oi ! rig , goofy begin read the map and steering wth he foot . Max look into the cloud and i magi ne one be roxanne . his vision be interrupt as goofy begin run over construction cone and head straight for a construction scaffold . Max screan and cover he eye as they pl ow into the lower rung of the scaffold and knock it over . goofy do not notice anything . he put the map away and continue dri ving . max roxanne please do not forget not ; | will return someday , though | may be in traction when | do . goofy ne and mex relax like the old day . max this be worse than dragon breath and acne . goofy in a buddy - buddy kind of mode . nax I 'mso nad 1 think | may expl ode . goofy when | see that highway , | could cry . max y ' know , that 's funny - so could |. goofy and max just be out on the open road . as they pass a pickup truck , goofy notice that it be carry a man play a piano . Three country singer pop out of the pi ano and sing . country SI ngers howly boy , be this the way to nashvi | 1 e ? goofy wave to the singer , but nearly hit a towtruck . the driver blow the horn at he 38 . tow truck dri ver watch it mack , or you will be gettin’ t owed . a prison transport , carry a prisoner in stripe and chain . goof y | ook worried and imagine Max in the same outfit . he qui ckl y accelerate to pass the transport . pri soner I amin no hurry to arrive , cause I will be turn sixty - five the next time | see the open road . goof y and Max approach a small convertible wth a small driver and he huge wife . nan just a week of rest and rel axati on . W fe yeah ! nan and the odd romantic epi sode . very odd ! off to the side of the road , we see mckey mnbuse and Donald duck wth backpack and | uggage . Donald | ook angry . m ckey mouse and it 's californ - i - a or bust . a old lady drive in a brightly paint sport car full of cat begin drive wldly past goofy and Max , swerving through lane of traffic . QLD woman look out you dirt bag , eat ny dust ... from now on , I ' mon the open road . goofy it 's I and little maxie , ny pi psqueak pi oneer . a " woody " station wagon full of nun pass . nun they be partner forever westward ho - yee haw on the other side , a limousine pass wth a glitter - gl oved hand poke out the novonr oof . 39 . max could someone call a taxi and get not out of here ...to beverly Hills 90210 ? a variety of vehicle surround they sone include a fire truck cover wth firemen , a convertible drive by a bride while the groom parachute in , a zoo transport wagon , a fl ower truck , a balloon truck , a gangster car wth a person tie up in the trunk , a hearse wth a sing corpse cone out of the coffin in the back . all everyday , another new adventure , every mle , another new zip code ... and the care we have ... corpse be go for good . max and I would go wth themif | could . the other car be join by a notorcycle , a tractor trailer and other . many of the rider be now dance on the roof of they vehicle , include the corpse , the nun , the firemen , and several wngwalker on a biplane that fly by . all I have get no string on not , I 'mfeel fancy free , how wonderful to be ... on the open road . goof y's car , now alone , zip under a bridge and knock off sone of its luggage as they disappear into the sunset . the scene change to the next day . they be still drive ona rural interstate . goofy be again read the map while drive , and he slowy edge into the oncone lane . Max , not pay attention , suddenly realize what be happen when he hear a horn blaring . at first he be too petrify to speak or nove , but at the last minute he scream and grab the wheel , swerving the car into its own lane - and barely avoid a collision wtha tractor-trailer . goofy ...a break fromnodern livin ' ... doo doo dum dum ... grab a friend ... max aahh !!... dad ! you be gonna get we kill !! ( gasp ) ( pant ) ... why do not you just give I the map ? 40 . goofy qh , no thanks , son ... navigatin 's a big responsi bility ! Max give hima dirty | ook . goofy besides , you would not want to spoil the big surprise ! i'mtake you somepl ace pretty special ! ext . lester S possum park parki no lot twangy country nusic play as goofy pull into the parking lot of lester 's possum Park , a run-down tourist trap . the entrance be shape like a huge possum head wwth a open nouth and big tooth . a nother be drag a terrify little girl into it . Max be nortify at the sight of it . goofy gaw'sh , it 's even better than | remenber ed ... little G rl no , mommy ! | do not wanna go ! wahhhhhh ! max yeah , fun ... tell you what , I ' mj ust gonna wait right here in the car . goofy a-hyuk ! ya party pooper ! Cone on ! this be gonna be fun ! goofy grab Max and drag he out of the car . int . lester S possum park theater a old man in front of the wear stage curtain introduce the show to the audience - who be sit on a variety of break bench and other obj ect . encee ( in a old voice ) wii howdy - there , folk ... lester 's be proud to present the possum posse janboree ... here it be . the audience appl aud enthusiastically . goofy dash in wth Max nope behind he goofy just in tine ... 41 . the curtain open to reveal a cheaply desi gn and pai not ed set and a extraordinarily unimpressive nechanical " lester " , which perform the nusical nunber . lester howly , folk ! who 's you favorite possun ? audi ence lester ! lester ! lester ! coot y run back to Max , who be lag behind , and grab i m goofy get we a seat right up front ! the lester character introduce the other , each of which pop out of they own hole . the mbrdicai character fizzle and spark before work correctly . lester let I introduce you to the posse : here 's beauford , beulah and mprdi cai ! mordi cal hey , lester ... ready for yodelin ' ? lester sure be beauford ! country nusic begin play and the nechanical " posse " begi ns bounci no up and dow and " play " they instrument . lester now gather '' round , my possum pal ... join the jamboree . Cone hoot '' and how and ' holler fromthe hearth ... max this be pathetic ! lester ... and every chicken , pig and goat ' !! help by yelpin ' out a yodel here at lester 's possum Park . all ( yodel i no ) Max | ook down the bench he 's on and see the little girl that be drag in earlier . she snile a big , toothless smile at himand he grin sheepishly back . 42 . goofy yodel ay - hee . . . yodel - odel - ode - I ay . . . lester lester 's possum Park . the yodel continue , and the little girl laugh nore and give Max still bigger toothless snile . Max find all this very unnerve . he roll he eye at goofy and resign hi mee for to pouti no . lester do not you wanna be , a hangin’ froma tree , we be mighty glad to see you and the parkin' al way free - here at lester 's po- po - po ... the machine get stick and the encee whacks it with he fist , make it finish the show Max put he head in he hand in resi gnati on . ext . outsi do possum theater as soon as the show end , the whole crowd expl ode out of the theater . trail themis goofy , funbling wth he cancorder . he get it work and point it at the door , ready to film Max . he turn around and see the souvenir st and . he decide to get something for he Max approach sl ow y . goofy hey ! that 's the ticket !... i' Il be right back , ny little possum pal ... goofy walk away , toward the stand . Max be leave alone to nope when a big costune - character approach . max ( si gh ) W life 's a live - lester hello , little buddy !... who 's you favorite possun ? Max do not want to be bother , and be not happy to see he he begin to walk away when the character become nore insistent . max ( angrily ) do not touch ne. 43 . lester awww . ... why such a | ong face ?... you be so sad ... boo-hoo ...1 know you need a big hug from lester ! nex know what he 's go to do , and start to warn he - but it 's too late . lester grab he pick himoff the ground , and squeeze he tightly . this infuriate Max . nax do not even think about - ( grunt ) ...unh ... ugh ... lester see ?... now you feel all good inside ! Max slap the character in the face , and its head spin around and face the wo way . disorient , he stunbles off into the background , where a group of little kid tackle himto the ground and drag himaway in a swarm max beat it , doofus ! Max watch contentedly , snile to hinself , as the kid drag lester off . he turn around to see goofy cone toward himwth a hat shape like a road-killed possum Max protest , but goofy put the hat on himanyway . after this , goofy spy the photograph stand - which be offer guest picture pose beside live possum . the little girl see earlier be have hers take , and cry | oudl y . max oh no , no dad , not that ! please ! goofy here you go , sport !... what say we get we picture take ? max you have got to be ki ddi no ... goofy oh , all right ... but you be miss out ! goofy walk toward the stand to have he picture take . Max begin to turn away when he hear | oud | aughter . he | ook back in shock . max ugh. 44 . max ( si gh ) . huh ? goof y be hang upsi de - down wth the possum to have he picture take , nuch to the anusenent of the crow . much to Max 's chagrin , goofy yell to he goofy hi-ya , son ! a obnoxi ous kid stand near Max point at and nock goofy . obnoxi ous KI D hey everyone , check out the dork ! the photographer prepare to take the picture while goofy continue to hang . photographer say " sassafrass " ! goofy sass - ee-frass ! goof y and the possum pose and snile . the photographer take the picture , but just after the flash fade , the branch they be hang on fall - catapult - ing one of the possum through the air . goofy land on he head while the possum smack into Max 's face . after look directly at Max for a norent , the possum decide to hide - in Max 's shirt . Max start junping around widly , try to get rid of the possum the band take this as they cue to play dance nusic , and begin to do so . goofy also think Max be dance , and rush to join he max aabh !... unh !... get out !...oof !... get it out ! goofy that 's the spirit , maxie ! Max resol ves the situation by pull he pants dow and extricate the possum just as he pull he pants up again , goofy grab himby the armand begin spin and danci no he around in a conical country - style dance . all Max see be a flurry of laugh face . max dad !... no !... dad !... dad !... this be enbar rassi no ! 45 . the nusic end , and goofy prop Max up on he knee as a finale . the crowd applaud ioudly , still laugh . Max glare furiously at all of they goofy ta-da ! a hyuk ! the obnoxious kid pop out of the crowd to make fun of they obnoxi ous KI D it 's dork and dork junior ! ha ha ha ! the crowd ) continue to | augh | oudl y. Max walk away form goofy , look angrily at the people , and throw the possum hat down on the ground in disgust . he shove he way out of the crowd , knock a | aughing kid to the ground in the process . he stonp out of the park and return to they car . ext . outsi do lester 's S possum park Max attenpt to open the car 's door , but it be lock . he hit the wndowin frustration . rain begin to fall as he walk out of the parking lot . goofy emerge fromthe park entrance and see Max leave . stand along the roadsi de and try to hitchhike a ride , a car pass and soak Max when it hit a puddle . he shake the water off angrily . goofy run toward he max aar gh ! goofy Max ! hey , what the heck're you tryin' to do ? goof y put he hand on Max 's shoulder , but Max jerk away . max ( angrily ) try to get away from you ! goofy ( sur pri sed ) me? wwhat do | do ? max forget it . Max walk back toward the car , and goofy follow he goofy | think we wes havin’ fun !... what 's the matter ? 46 . max ( angrily ) nothing . let 's just go !... come on ! goofy walk up and unlock the car door for Max , then head around to the driver 's side . Max get in and shut the door ; goofy join himafter a monent . sadly , he hand Max the possum hat . goofy qh , you drop you hat ... the sight of the hat push Max over the edge . he scream ; and ina fit of rage , he tear at the hat , and throw it against the wndow and windshield . max ( for uri ous ! y) aahh ! this be the stupi dest vacation !... you drag not from hone , you jamne in this dumb car , then drive a mllion nile away , to see sone stupid rat show ... call I when the trip 's over . nex roll down the wndow and throw out the possum hat that goof y have buy he goofy hang he head , crush . he start the car and back out accidentally run over the hat . he look back briefly , then pull out into the storny night . as they drive away , the camera pan dow to show a close up of the batter hat , acconpany by mournful nusic . ext . pl ne forest the scene open wth a overhead view of goofy pitching a tent in a makeshift canpsite . the canera pan leave to show Max sit on a rock at the edge of a creek , absent - no ndedl y stir the water wth a stick and watch sone fish . he swrl the water and , in he imagination , roxanne 's face appear in the ripple . he snile halfheartedl y. suddenl y , goof y approach in the water and he foot destroy the illusion . Max look up at he goofy ( carefull y) hey , Max ... you wanna get in sone fishin’ practice ? just a couple a day ' till we get to Lake destiny ... Max get up and begin to walk away - leave a line in the dirt as he drag he stick . max maybe later ... 47 . goofy turn away , depressed , and leave the creekside . Max throw he stick into the water . ext . goofy's canpsi te goofy be put sone material in the tent , and he head be inside when the ground begin to runble and shake . suddenl y , the dark shadow of a large machine pass over he the vehicle straddle goofy and the tent . several large , cl anp foot jaminto the ground viciously around the tent . a large spin bl ade on a long armfell row of tree . a satellite dish pop out of the machine 's roof , scan the sky . a large platformflips dom fromit side , revealing a patio table and chair set . a spa and niniature basketball ! court pop out . a swnming pool , conplete wth water , and a bow lane wth ball also emerge before the noise cease . a wde shot reveal that the contraption be a huge rv . Max cone out not the wood to see what be go on and be awed by the si ght . max whoa ! now that 's canpi no ! goofy pull he head out of the tent - still not notice the rv that be now situate over he goofy do you say sonethe , Max ? just as he finish he phrase , the big metal door wng down and land on he head wth a resounding clang . a thick nist billow out , surround a shadow but faniliar figure . goofy ow ... Pete ? pete ( sur pri sed ) goof y? oh , well what a serendi pi ty - doo - dah !... who would a thunk it , huh ? Max brighten up wth the prospect of see he best friend . be pj here ? pete qh yeah , I 'msure he 's loafin ' around here somewhere ... int . pete' rv '' stand qut " be play | oudly inside the rv while pj be clean . he be sing and dance around the rooma he buff the floor and dust . 48 . Max poke he head in the rv door , and after a bit of surprise initially , he snile at pj 's silly routine . max ( to hi msel f) what a goob . Max enter the rv and approach the mammoth stereo , strain against the volume of the sound . he shut the music off , but pj do not notice ... and continue he song for a bit before he notice Max . pj ( si ngi no ) ... even if you gotta shout out | oud , no matter what the look it 's Max - Max ! max he - he - hey ! pj and Max performa long and invol ved handshake while say hel lo . pj wow small wilderness , dude !... do not expect to run into you ! max ( j oki no ) apparently not ! pj ( j oki no ) you be just jealous , man ... cause you be not get the nove ! Max turn around and adnire the entertainnent center and fish tank . he scare the octopus inside the tank , and it sw ms away in a cloud of ink . max yeah , you can keep " the nove " ... but | would not nind have this rv!... whoa ! pj aw , come on . you be the star ! max ( sur pri sed ) W what ? pj gi no to the powerline concert ? 49 . pj oh , it 's unbelievable , man . max who tell you about that ? pj punch Max lightly on the arm pj hey , cone on , everybody in town know about it , Max ... you be gonna be famous , buddy ... ( j oki no ) especi all y wth roxaaaanne ... nex walk away dejectedly , and lean on the door frame of the rv . max there 's , uh , only one person who do not know about it yet , peej ... pj who ? my , dad. ext . bowling lane on roof of rv goofy watch as Pete bow on he rooftop lane as they talk . pete so tell I , goof ... ( si gh ) ... be that kid of yours still givin 's you guff ? goofy qh , | do not know what 's wrong ... just seem like everything | try only drive Max further away ... maybe | oughta just back off ...| do not know pete Wong , goof ... look - if you keep ‘em under you thunb , they will never end up in the gutter ! Pete roll he ball down the lane as he finish the phrase . the ball strike the pin and knock themall dow - except one . Pete | ook surprised . goofy too bad , Pete ... al most ... 50 . Pete look angrily at goofy , and decide to prove he point . he bellow at pj . pete almost ? ha! watch this .... pj !!! pj rush to Pete , and stand at attention - as if in the nilitary . pj ( frantically ) yes , sir ! cone , sir ! yes sir ! Pete point dow the lane at the remain pin . pj know what he 's suppose to do . he run down and kick the pin over . he look back at Pete , pleased wth himself . Pete immedi ately begin to celebrate he " victory " by dance around and chant . pete wo - hoo ! Strike -o-la ! hee - hee ha - ha ! thank you , thank you ! yes ! and the crowd go wild ! goof y and Max stand speechless in amazenent at the spectacle . as pj rush back toward Pete , Pete fake a high - five wth he and laugh cruelly . pj look dej ect ed . pete hi gh-five , son !... psyche ! ha ha ha ! say , goof ... why do not you two stay for dinner ? pj 's face brighten and Max snile . max cool ! goofy qh , no thanks , Pete ...uh , Max and | have sone fish to catch ! goof y put he hand on Max 's shoulder and nuss he hair as he say this . Max get angry and fling goofy 's hand asi de . max ( angrily ) aw , dad ! W can do it tonvrrow .. so , uh , what be we havin ' ? goofy ( sur pri sed ) but Max ! | think - Pete el bow goofy and quietly give he " advice " . 51 . pete ( qui etl y) ahemi under you thunb , goof ... goofy think for a monent and he face harden . he set he jaw and confront Max . goofy ( sternly ) maxi no ili a ! max ( surprised and annoyed ) what ? goofy ( sternly ) get you gear , little man ! w're go fishin 's ! Max frown and set he jaw , challenging goofy . goofy respond wth authority . goofy ( 1 oudl y) and | mean now Max turn away and leave , defeat . max ( to hi msel f) ar gh ! goof y | ook triumphantly at Pete , and they wnk and exchange thunbs - up . goofy stride off . ext . woodland lake the water of a quiet streamis disturb when goofy push a unwlle Max out into the stream - both of themin wader . max dad , | do not even know how to fish ! goofy qh , cone on ! that never st opped not !... let I show you a little fanily secret - hand down through about twelve or thirteen goof generation ... the perfect cast. 52 . max ( sarcastically ) the perfect what ? goofy the perfect cast ! my dad teach it to I when |! be about you age ...okay , now ... watch carefully ! Max watch , unimpress , as goofy shake he body around to loosen up and denonstrate the cast . goofy you gotta be | oooooose , rel aaax ... you put you foot apart , then ... ten o'clock , two o'clock , quarter to three , touchate , twist , over , pot - of - dew , I 'ma little tea pot , and the wind up !... goof y swing the pole backward to wd up for the cast , and he inadvertently hook a steak on Pete 's nearby barbecue grill . he make the cast and snatch it away . Pete , who be | ook the other way , look back to he steak and be surprised to find it go . goofy ... and let * er fly ! goofy swing the pole , and send the steak fly . he | ook proudly at Max , who be still frown inperi ousl y. goofy the perfect cast ... the steak overshoot the water and | and on the opposite side . after a monent , a shadow cover it , follow by a approach pair of large foot . the canera pan upward to show bigfoot eat a tree branch . he smell the steak , |ook down and spy it . goofy do not realize what be go on , and he continue he denonstrati on . goofy ... and now , we reel ‘er in ! bi gf oot |ook at the branch , the steak and back again . he deci des the steak look better , and throw the stick away . he prepare to eat the steak when a tug fromthe line send it hopping a bit . after recoil in fear , he get angry and attenpt to catch the treat - which be now speed away as goofy reel in he line . bigfoot , roaring , make several unsuccessful attenpt to catch the steak and be eventually drag underwater . goofy be still fight the line , think he 's catch a fish . 53 . goofy whoa ! Quick , get the canera ! mex retrieve the camera and hand it to goofy , who begin filning - think he 's go to filma large fish he 's catch . goofy must be over three pound ! | do not want to niss this ! goof y pan the cancvorder upwards and see bi gf oot through the viewinder , who be hold a fishin he nouth . goofy look at himin amazenent . Max , however , realize the trouble they be in . goofy ( i neredul ous ! y) look , Max ! max ( scr eani no ) uh. . . da - da - dad ! ? 1 t's bi gfooooot ! goofy could you back up a bit M. Foot ? you be out of focus . bi gf oot roar angrily , and goofy and Max flee , and goofy sw ngs the pole in the process . the steak on the end of the line be yank out of bigfoot 's nouth and fly through the air . it hit Pete in the face , and he pull it off angrily . pete what 's the idea - bl gfoot ! he look in they direction and see bigfoot chase they toward he Pete grab the grill and run back toward the rv in fear . he toss the grill inside and sl and the door behind he all the rv attachnent and appendage be jerk inside quickly and it zoon away , leave behind goofy and Max 's tent , and a few puddle of water fromthe pool . goofy be still taping bigfoot , watch himthrough the viewinder as he run . tripping over the tent , he drop the camera . it continue to filmthemas they attenpt to get into the car . goofy behold , the legendary bi gf oot ... fable but sel dom - aaahhhhhhhh ! ow ... ow ... oof !... ow max dad ! Quick ! he 's coni no ! 54 . the car be lock , so they both get into the car through the sunroof . goofy frantically try to close it behind they and succeed just before bigfoot reach they frustrate , bi gf oot jump onto the car 's roof and rock it back and forth a fewtime . he see they canping equi pment and decide to investigate , leave themalone . Max and goofy watch from the car , lay low max | can not believe it ! bigfoot ! goofy and | get the only video ! nax we be gonna be fanous ! as Max finish he statenent , bigfoot find the canera and gleefully pull the videocassette apart . max ( di sgust ed ) let 's just get outta here . goof y check he pocket for the car key . cone up enpty hand , they | ook at bigfoot - who be hold the key , snile . he toss they away into the forest . goofy get di scourage and Max get angrier still . bigfoot continue to dig through they baggage , wear a pair of Max 's underwear on he head . some tine later , Max and goofy be still in the car - wait . max be he go yet ? suddenl y , two sock - wear hand appear in front of the windshield . bigfoot perforn a primtive puppet show , then laugh riotously at the performance . bi gfoot ne - not - not - not ... grrrrr ... grunble ... I - not - I ... ha ha ha ha ! goof y respond to Max 's questi on . goofy nope ... still here ... bi gf oot run back to the baggage , send a shower of clothes and other item across the car 's hood while goofy and Max talk . a grunble noise be hear . goofy gee , Max ... be that bigfoot or you st omach ? 55 . max man , I be starve ! a can of soup land on they hood and | and on end right in front of they goofy a-hyuk ! alphabet soup , conin ' up ! goofy roll down the wndow to reach the soup . in the process he make a small noise , which bigfoot hear . look up , alarn , bigfoot be crush a can of whipped creamin he mouth . when he see that goofy and Max be vulnerable , he begin run toward they roaring . terrify , they try to get they can of soup inside even faster . max dad !... dad !... stop play around , he 's coni no ! just before he reach they goofy manage to roll the wndow up , and bigfoot bounce off the car - landing on he back . as he sit up , a headphone radio that have be send fl ying land on he head . disco nusic begin play , and bi gf oot react wth fear . after a few nonent , he begin to enj oy the music , | aughing and nove wth the beat . int . goofy's car the cigarette lighter in goofy 's apartment pop , and he remove it . he balance the can of soup on top of the lighter . goofy wil ... it 's nice to knowthis thing 's good for sonethin' ! wait for the soup to finish , goofy and Max sit , | ook away fromone another wthout speak . suddenly , bi gf oot appear in the wndow behind themin the distance . he dance to " stayin ' alive " behind they head , but they do not notice he after he 's go , silence return . Max and goofy | ook at one another si nultaneously , the they both | ook away , embarrassed . mbre unconfor - table silent moment pass when goof y begin chuckle wthout warning . goofy hnm hnm hnm .. ha - ha - ha - ha ! max what 's so funny ? goof y poi nts to the can of soup warning on the dashboard . goofy hi dad Soup ! 56 . max ( curi ous ) h? goofy qh , do not tell I you do not renenber hi dad Soup ? Max look at himwith a blank | ook . goofy qh , come on ! sure you do ! you use to spell thing out use the letter , like uh , " hi dad " or " maxie " or - max ( j oki nal y ) " anbi dext rous " ? goofy yeah , that 's - huh ? naw .. little word like , uh ... nax '' hasta la vista " ? goofy like " bye-bye ! " max - or " I pledge allegiance '' ... goofy - or " I love you - " goofy stop himself short and look surprised at what he 's say . a soft , sad oboe piece begin . Max | ook equally sad , and they both turn away fromone another . Max , try to fill the silence inquiry about they meal . max uhhh. .. be it *s - soup * yet ? goofy qh , almost forget ... goof y pick up the can and open it by puncture the lid wth he big front tooth . max whoa ! where would you learn to do that ? Max pick up a styrofoamcup and goofy fill it wth soup . 57 . goofy you granddad teach I that , when we go to yosenite ... max you two do a lot together , huh ? goofy ( sadl y) yup ... Max look sadly into he soup . both of thembegin at speak at once , but neither hear the other and they both cut thensel ves off . max / goofy ( si mul t aneousl y) dad ... / Max ... goofy unm..uhh ....how 's the soup ? Max drink sone of the soup and answer he he wpes he nouth , but some of the soup remain on he face . max not bad ...! mean , uh ... ( ahen ) goof y see the soup and snile . max what ? goofy ( shaking he head ) nothin’ . the silence be interrupt by grunt from bigfoot as the car lurch back and forth . bigfoot climb onto the roof and lay down to sleep . goofy wil , we night as well get sone shuteye ... 1 do not think we be goin 's anywhere toni ght ... goof y | ay down on the seat and curl up to sleep . Max wpes the soup off he mouth and | ook dow into the cup inquisitively , swrling the soup around . after a few nonent , goofy be rouse by a tap to he shoulder , and Max hand himthe cup of soup . goofy | ook down into the cup , in which the letter now spell " hi dad " . deeply nove , he look back at Max , who be lie dow , nearly asleep . 58 . goofy ( whi sper i no ) hi maxie ... after a brief establish shot of the exterior of the car wth bigfoot on top to indicate the passage of time , goofy be see sit upright in the front seat of the car - snore loudly . bigfoot be also snore loudly on the roof . Max , however be stare into space wth bloodshot eye , unable to sleep . he sit up in the seat and funble through the bag beside he pull out a postcard fromLester 's possum Park , he find a pencil and decide to wite to roxanne . max ( voice over of write ) dear roxanne ... could not sleep - his think be interrupt by a particularly loud snore by goof y and bi gf oot together . max ( voice over of write ) so | think I would drop you a line . dad and | be have a great time ! w're only day away fromla , and | can hardly wait for the ... big ... concert ...ugh ... he begin to rethink he letter , when goofy yawn and talk in he sleep . goofy hi dad ( yawn ) Soup , pl ease ... Max snile , touch ... and decide to do the right thing . max ( voice over of write ) ( si gh ) dear roxanne , sorry | lie ... 1I ' mnot really go to the powerline concert . you may never want to see not again ... realizing what he 's say , Max stop . max qh , man ! I 'mdead no natter what | do ! frustrate , he sit back in the seat and kick the dashboard . the gl ove conpartrment pop open and goofy 's map spring out into Max 's lap . 59 . he look at goofy to be sure he 's still asleep , then begin trace the path on the nap wth he finger . he notice that they course meet a junction that lead to Los Angeles . a pencil roll out onto the map , stop in front of he Max pick up the pencil and debate what to do . he nervously begin erase the part of the line that lead to Lake destiny , I daho ... watch goofy to see if he 's waking up . he begin draw no a new course on the nap when the pencil break . the soft sound seen deafen to Max in the silence . goofy begin to stir . frantic , Max grab the break point and continue to draw goofy begin to wake up as Max quickly conplete the line and return the map to the glove conpartrent . he sit back in he seat innocently as goofy rouse and look at Max sleepily . goofy ( sl eepi | y ) how many cup of sugar do it take to get to the noon ? max ( ner vousl y) uhh ... three and a half ? have not actually be awake , goofy flop back into the seat and begin snore again . Max sink into he seat , relieved . he look at the postcard he have witten and tear it up . holding the piece out the wndow , he let the wnd carry themaway . froma distance , we see the piece fl ying ; one land in a tree near the canera - it clearly read " Il lie " . ext . truck stop a landscape cover wth tractor trailer rig be distingui shed only by a set of small building wth large sign read '' diner '' , and " eat and get Gas " . Soft country music play to set the atmosphere . int . truck stop in the truck stop , the first viewis a reflection of the diner 's interior ona bell . in the reflection sone of the patron , include elvis , can be see . the image be disturb when the cook ring the bell . cook pick up ! wl tress hold you horse ! 60 . the view pan back as the waitress collect the neal and head out through the crowded diner full of chatter people . she arrive at goofy and Max 's table wth they food . wl tress short stack ? goofy ri ght here ! wl tress here you go , hon ... she turn to Max to hand himhis food , but he be preoccupy and do not hear she . Wal tress egg ... egg ... egs ... max qh ! oh yeah , yeah , right here ... sorry ... wl tress here you go , cutie ... the waitress sit he food in front of himand he | ook dow at it . the egg and bacon be forning a sniley face . goofy begin eat he pancake when he notice Max absently pick at he food . he think for a nmonent then | ook at the map - and decide what to do . goofy Max , | think we need to talk about this ... Max , think he 's be catch in the act , stutter nervousl y . max huh ? goofy seen to I you need to start takin’ some responsi bility around here ... goofy stand up at he seat , tap he water glass and draw everyone 's attention . Max shrink into he seat , enbarrass . goofy Excuse I , uh , can ! have you attention , please ? I , goofy , hereby dub ny son , maxinillian , official navi gator and head whi ch - way - er of this here road trip . 61 . goof y hand Max the nmap , cerenoni ously . the other people in the diner appl aud and cheer | oudl y . max ( incr edul ous ) seri ous ! y? goofy I be not even lookin’ at the map anynore . as a matter of fact , you can pick all the stop fromhere to Lake destiny . | trust you whol eheartedl y , son . nex look back at goofy sheepishly . goofy raise he mug of coffee for a toast , and Max join himwth he water gl ass ... gingerly . goofy to the open road ! max to the ... open...road ... a piano slide lead into a jazz / pop tune that provide the background nusic for a nusic montage . they clink they cup together , then the car be see leave the diner . nusi C montage ( description of segment ) a overhead view of the crease map show goofy 's car drive around on it surrealistically , wth cloud overhead casting shadow on the map as they head toward they destination . goofy attenpt to ride a jet ski , plunging into the water and shoot out again . he lose control and run it aground . proceed up the beach , he slide past people sunbathing and through a row of cabanas . he emerge on the other side dress in a variety of wonen 's clothing . a close up of the car 's front wheel follow , and the wheel bl ow out . Max and goofy attenpt to change the tire ina series of segnent that be intersper - sed through the montage . here , they both reach for the spare tire si mlt - aneously , and hit they head together . recoil , Max rub he head , and goofy get the tire . nex and goofy ride a roller coaster side by side . Max enjoy himself immensely , but goofy get sick . energe fromthe restroom ( label wth a symbol that | ook like hin ) , hol ding he stomach gingerly , goofy be greet by Max , who cheerfully offer hima tray of junk food - hot dog , french fries , nacho and soft drink . upon see the food , goofy grab he mouth and race back into the restroomto throw up again . 62 . a monster truck crush the roof of a rowof small car while Max and goofy | ook on at a monster truck rally . Max , swinging a giant foam " nunber one " finger , notice that goofy be hold he head in a attenpt to block out the noise . another " drive across the USA " map sequence show they get closer to they destination . nex uncover goofy 's eye , in order to surprise himwth they current stop . goofy open he eye to see the wrld 's largest House of yarn . excite , he yell " oh Boy ! " , grab Max by the arm and drag himalong to see the house . nex and goofy be watch a nine on a street corner . the mime be perforn the standard " pull on a rope " routine , appear to pull on a overhead rope . goofy nudge Max and wink at he he approach the nine , pretend he 's followng a imaginary wall . he make a scissors notion wth he finger , and the nine gesture as if he 's hold he rope out to be cut . goofy snile and make a cut notion where the rope would be and the nine snile back for a nonent bef ore a piano fall and land on he goofy and Max turn around and begin whistling innocently as they slip away . another map sequence establish themas be closer still to Lake destiny . returning to the tire change sequence , goofy be in the backgr ound punping air into the newtire while Max struggle , try to remove the blow tire . he slip , and the tire wench fly through the air like a booner . goofy duck , and it just miss he head . returning , the wench hit the jack support the car . the car fall , propelling the old tire off at high speed . it hit goofy in the chest just as he 's lift the newtire . he send the newtire fly , and it land on the car 's axle - just as the car be on it 's way dow froma bounce . Max and goof y exchange pl ease gl ance . goofy be hold a canera at arm length , in a attenpt to take a picture of himself and Max stand in a cave . he be oblivious to the many eye behind he watch . he take the picture , and the flash disturb the bat . they fly toward they goofy and Max run out the open to the cave ; the sign above it read " Carl 's butt cavern . " a batter at a baseball game the goofy and Max be attend hit the ball . it head for they and Max ready hi nsel for and he glove in hope of catch it . he stand up to catch the ball , but funble it . goofy make a dive to catch it and he end up go over the edge of the bal cony . 63 . he fall , but manage to catch himself on a string of streamer . as the streaner stretch , he fall right through the dugout roof , where he be suspend nonentarily . he hand the ball to the player sit there on the bench , and he sign it . the streamer spring back , fling goofy back to he seat - Max catch himand they exchange pl ease gl ance . a close up of the car 's wheel show the new tire be al most conpl etely in place . Max and goofy be alternately turn the wench . when they finish , they slap hand in a high five . the music come to a close when the car be see drive off into the sunset , but instead it turn into the parking | to of the Neptune I no . int . goofy and max's HOTEL room after a brief establish shot of goofy and Max carry they luggage through the door , they energe in they room it be light in a eerie green light that befit the nautical thene . the waterbed be transparent wth fish swmming inside , and the rest of the decor be sinilar . goofy caw sh ! Max see the waterbed and junp on it . the water sloshes he back and forth . goofy look at and feel the material the furniture be make of . max who - ho - hoa ! check out the bed ! goofy check out the dresser ... coral ! qn the wall there be a night light shape like Ariel , which both goofy and Max adnire . max Nice Il anp ! goofy cassy choice , there , navi gator . the quiet be break by a loud pound at the door fol ! owed by yell . goofy and Max begin to approach the door gingerly . pete this be the Police ! we have get the pl ace surround , see ? you goof 's come out wth you hand up ! Pete break the door open and pretend to fire a machine gun at they he knock goofy and Max backwards onto the floor . 64 . pete b- b- b- b- b- bang ! ha ha ha ! you shoul d' have see the | ook on you face ! goofy look at Max , and try to pretend that he be not frighten , but Max do not believe it . goofy ah - hyuk ! you really have he fool ed , Pete . max ne !? you j unped out of you skin ! goof y and Max begin shove and punch each other playfully . goofy nuh -uh ! I 's just pretend for you sake ! max qh , right , sure ... goofy do too ! max do not ! goofy grab Max and begin nussing up he hair , both | augh . pete qh ho , be not this sweet ... Pete try to " wse goofy up " by make himdistrust Max . he grab goofy by the armand quietly give he " advice " . pete ( qui etl y ) do not let himfool you wth that buddy - buddy act , now .. " under you thunb " ... he release goofy , who be | ook nore and nore concerned . pete so ! since we be all bein 's pal sy - walsy here , how about lettin’ not hook up the rv ? Pete grab goofy around the shoul der again . goofy ( rel uct antl y) wil ... 65 . pete qh , it 's just a tiny little extension cord , you will hardly even notice it . goofy relent , so Pete call pj to bring the hookup . goofy qh , okay . pete geat !... puj !! pj appear in the doorway , strain under the weight of a huge , nultipart tube . Pete point himtoward the room instruct himto hook it up . goofy and Max stand speechl ess and wide - eye at the sight . pete hey , goof ... why do not you order we a pizza , this might take a while . int . goofy and max's HOTEL room the scene switch to a exterior shot of the inn to indicate the passage of time . the we see the interior of the room again . Max and pj be sit on the bed and the floor , respectively , talk . goofy enter in a swrsuit and carry a pizza for themto eat . pj no , you m- ( gasp ) goofy here you go , kid ... I be gonna go check out the hot tub . pj qh , okay , sir . max alri ght . goofy leave the rooma Max and pj start eat . pj | can not believe you , man . whatever make you think you dad would fall for a stupid idea like that ? max it be not stupid ! 66 . while they be talk , Pete begin to enter the roomto talk to they he hear what they be talk about and deci des to stay outside and eavesdrop on they conversation . pj Cone on , it be really stupid ! changi no the map ! ? max 1 - 1 do not know what | be do , alright ? i- I - 1 be ...1 be panicked ! I ... ext . hot tub the hot tub be surround by a high fence top wth fl aning torch and various plant . goofy ease himself into the steany water . a soft green glow sinilar to the one in the room shine fromin the water . he begin to relax , and sink under the surface of the water . after a few nonent , a large figure appear above he he sit up and see Pete stand over himina small , tight , pink swnoesuit . pete takin 's a break fromthe " miv " generation , huh ? heh heh ... 1 can not blame ya ... Pete get in the water , and nuch of it splashes out over the edge . pete people be always puttin’ too nuch water in this thing ... so , unm .. you and you son seemto be , uh , gettin’ along just hunky - dorey , huh ? goofy yeah ! it 's be great ! you know , it 's funny , but none of you techni que work for I . the harder | try , the worse it get . qnce | ease up , thing just click . goofy get up and nove toward Pete . he sit on the stair near the handrail and begin to relax , sink back into the water . pete qh , that 's swell ... so , uh , no probl en then , huh ? goofy not a one . 67 . goof y begin to relax again , but Pete grab he attention by tell himabout the nap . pete ( si gh ) | just hate to be the bearer of bad news , but ...uh ... goofy sit back up again , nervousl y. goofy ( curi ous ) what be it , Pete ? pete you kid 's dupin ' ya . goofy ( ner vousl y) whaddya nean ? pete wii , | head the little mutant tellin’ pj that he change the map so that ... you be headin’ straight for LA , pal . goofy ( shocked ) wat ? pete qh , you try , goofy ... he 's just a bad kid , that 's all . goofy ( cal no y ) | do not believe you . pete wat ! ? goofy | do not believe you , Pete . goofy get out of the hot tub and begin head toward the room pete wii hey , do not take ny word for it - check you map . goofy | do not need to check the map ... 1 trust ny son . 68 . he begin to turn away , but decide to tell Pete what he thi no . goofy you know , naybe Max be not all the thing that you think a son should be , but ... he love not . pete ( angrily ) hey ... my son respect not ... goofy ( qui etl y) yeah ... pete check the map , goof ... int . goofy's car goofy walk away fromthe hot tub slowy . he approach the car and they room and get in the car . as he open the door , the green gl ow nonentarily succunb to the bri ght , white light fromthe car 's dome light . he shut it again and the green glowreturn . he sit in the driver 's seat and begin reach for the glove conpartment to check the nap . he decide not to do it and hit the steering wheel in frustration . as he do this , the gl ove conpartnent pop open , revealing the map . int . goofy and max's HOTEL room after a brief shot of the exterior of the Neptune Inn , we see Max and pj still watch tv when goofy walk in | ook shell - shocked . Max turn around and greet himcheerfully and unknow nal y . max hi dad ! the only sound to be hear be the voice of powerline on tv . pomerli ne ... even if | gotta shout out | oud ... unnerve , Max try to improve the situation . max sorry about the mess ... 1 - i'i1l clean it up ... nex look at pj and shrug , confuse . goofy be still silent as he turn the light off and lay down in bed . 69 . pj | think I would better go ... nax see ya , peej ! pj do not forget ... " powerline " ! shhhhhhhh ! int . goofy's car goof y and Max be drive dow the road in silence . goofy still have the same shocked expression on he face . goofy deci des to give Max a chance to make the right choice , and hope to avoid a confrontation . they exchange unconf ort able ook . goofy wii , here you go , navi gator ... just follow ny route on the map , son . max qkay , uh , unm ..uh ... Max look nervously at the map , then up at the sign indicate the upcone junction , which be zi pping overhead . goofy here come we junction ... Max still munble , undecided as they careen toward the center divider on the hi ghway . goofy okay , Max ... nowthis be it : leave or rie ght ? max unm .. ubh . . . goofy core on , Max !! max aaaaaahhhhh !.... left ! ! goofy iturch the car to the leave , and hit the center divider in the process . max 70 . max ( si gh ) . uh , how 's bout a song , dad ? goofy sink | ower and lower - get angrier and angrier - as Max continue to try to pretend nothing 's happen . max uh , a gine ? a gine ! yeah ! yeah , a gine ! okay , uh ... man or woman ? man? man ... okay , uh ... Walt Disney ! finally , goofy snap . he veer off the road into a scenic lookout point and stop the car . he open the door and struggle to get out while wear a seat belt . he release it and storm away , and begin | ook out over the edge . Max deci des to try to make amend and approach goofy . max ( si gh ) dad , uh , listen ... about ny di rection ... goofy turn away twice , refuse to acknow edge he max can you listen to I ? | gotta tell you something , dad ! goofy ( angrily ) why bother ? |'m probably too stupid to understand , anyway , rie ght ? max ( di sgust ed ) forget it ! Max walk back to the car , kick the tire angrily , then lean against the rear bunper . after a monent , the car roll out from behind himand he fall to the ground wth a thud . he look back to see what happen and realize that the car be roll away . max ( sur pri sed ) oof !... hh-hey ! the car ! goofy ( angrily ) what ? now you wanna drive , too ? max no , dad ! the car ! look ! 71 . goofy the car ! both of thembegin run after the car , frantically . goofy what would you do now , Max ? max | do not do anything , dad ! | only touch it ! the car pass under a | ow hang rock formation , and all they luggage be knock off of the roof . a skateboard fly off and land on the road in front of goofy - who inadvertently step on it . Max junp on the back of the board and ride wth he they zip back and forth , try to get around the side of the car . goofy qh , ohhhh ... whoa ! you | ock it ! goofy grab onto the driver 's side of the car and try to open the door , but it 's | ock . nax | lock it !? it 's you door , you lock it ! Max leave goofy hang on and manage to get to the passenger side door . he open it and get in the car . he unl ock the driver 's side door and it open , swinging goofy out over the canyon . Max pull the door shut again , and open the window for goofy to get through . goofy wii , you distract not !... whoa !! Max pull goofy into the car up to he waist , and he | ose he pants . max you shoul d' have put the brake on ! goofy why do not you just put it on yourself ! goofy grab the brake lever and pull it to stop the car , but it break off in he hand . max see ? you ruin everything ... the car slide out on the guide rail and hang over the canyon . 72 . goofy wii , you ruin the vacation ! max | ruin it !? the guide rail let loose and the car get | aunched into the air . it bounce off of several rock formation while Max continue to argue wth goofy , bounce they both around the car 's interior . max | never ... want to go ... on this st upi die . . vacat i oo0d00000000n! the car bounce off the last rock formation , then plunnet a long way before landing in the river below ext . car in churni no RI ver max ( gasp ) now | ook where you get we , dad ! goofy be * I * get we ! ? they both struggle to get back on the car . goofy boost Max up onto its roof . max you should have let not stay at hone ! Max hel ps pull goofy onto the roof . goofy why ? so you would end up in prison ? max prison ? what be you talk about ? the car bounce and spin wildly through a series of rapid . goofy you principal call I ! you even lie to not ! max | have to ! you be ruin ny life ! goofy | be only tryin' to take ny boy fishin’ , okay ? 73 . nax I be not you little boy anynvre ! I have grow up ! I have get ny ow life now , goofy | knowthat ! | just want to be part of it ! the car slide over a small waterfall into calmwater . the car stop bob and the sun begin shine on they goofy you be ny son , Max ... no matter how big you get , you will always be ny son ... goofy and Max sit wth they back to each other in silence as the car continue to float gently through the canyon . bi rose fly overhead and soft nusic begin . Max break the silence . max there be time you drive not , shall we say , bananas ... and you mind be niss , no offense , a screw goofy none take . the car float into a cavern wth blue ripple reflect onto its ceiling fromthe water . max still whatever mess | land in , who be always under st andi and ? nobody el se but you ... goofy qh you nvodi ness be now and then bew Il derin ' ... and you value nay be , so to speak , askew ... max gesunhei t! goofy thanks ! max who deserve a hero 's trophy , as have face each catastrophe ? nobody else but you ... the car exit the cavern into a slow , wde part of the river . 74 , goofy & nax nobody else but you , it 's just we luck , we be stick together . nobody else but you , it 's crazy enough to believe we will come through . they both take off they shoe and splash the water wth they foot . max so you j oke be all , let 's face it , prehistoric . goofy and you nusic sound like monkey in a zoo . goofy & nax but when life become di stressin' , who will | be sos ' n? a small fish grab Max 's toe and he lift it out of the water nonentarily . goofy lift up he foot to find that a huge , ugl y fish have swallow it . he quickly shake it off and send it fl ying . max if you be have trouble guessi no , here 's a clue ... though he seen intoxicate , he 's just highly ani mate ... and he 's nobody else but ... the car drift into a whirlpool , and they get draw under as they sing . goofy & nax nobody else but you , we have turn into a true blue duo . hard tine , we have have a few .. like we be throw in the drink , like we be toss out of town , but when | start to sink , hey I would rather go dow ... the car resurface wth a splash and bob up and dow . goofy & nax wth nobody else , but y-ou ! goofy ( smooch ) aw , dad ! 75 . ext . car in calm RI ver max anyway , | figure she 's never gonna want to talk to not again ... nuch less go out wth not ... ( si gh ) ... what a dunb lie , huh ? goofy well whaddya know ... ny maxie , in love ! huh ... gosh , you be really grow ' up . happen so fast , | guess | sorta mss it . the water around the car becone increasingly choppy and the light fade . goofy wilp , | think the only thing for we to do nowis to get you up onstage wth this powerline feller ... max heh ...uh , how be we gonna do that ? goofy now you just leave that up to I ... nax no , dad , really ... 1 - 1 think we should , you know , just forget it . goofy now how cone you al way think I be gonna |ead you into some sort of cal anit y? Max |ook downstream and do a doubl etake . the water be vani shing over a waterfall , and the car be head directly for it . max uh , uh , D - D - dad ... goofy what 's wo now ? max look ! ! goofy hyuk ! a waterfall ... waterfall ! ?! ? 76 . ext . car in rapi DS the car spin and sloshes , and goofy fall off . Max continue to hold on . goofy & nax ( fri ght ened ) Max be quickly carry downstream on the car , leave goofy behi no . max daaaaaaad ! goofy mex ! the current slam goofy against a rock and he grab onto it . sone of they luggage float by , include the fishing rod 's case , which hit himin the back of the head . goofy get the fishing rod out and run dowstreamon the rock . he run out on a log , in hope of be able to get Max wth the pole . goofy gab a hold , Max ! goofy hold out the end of the pole . Max dive for it but miss , landing back in the water wth the car . goofy stand hel plessl y as Max continue to float toward the fall . max aah !... whoa !... ( gasp ) ... aaahhh ! ! goofy cast the line and snag the front bumper on the car . the wei ght of the car pull goofy in . he fly dowstream and hit some rock which he use for leverage . finally the wei ght of the car overpower himand it go over the fall . Max get catch in a tarp and fall wth it . suddenly the tarp unfold and begin support Max in the air use the updraft fromthe fall . max ( terrify ) dad ! goofy , still in the water , be unable to stop himself . as he go over the fall , he extend the pole toward Max . Max grab the pole , and they both swng downward - still support by the updraft on the tarp . they smile at each other nonentarily . suddenly , the cork handgrip on the fishing pole slide off and goofy plummet into the nist bel ow 77 . goofy ( fall ) nex look at the end of the pole and think about the perfect cast . wthout hesitation he attenpt to performit . nax ( hur rie edl y ) ten o'clock , two o'clock , quarter to three , touchate , twst , I 'ma little tea pot and fly ! Max send the line fly after goofy . goofy ( fall ) ! the line be still loose and continue to drop . Max 's face fall when he realize it have not catch . suddenly the line becone taut and Max get pull dowwerd wth the add weight . he begin to reel it in furiously . goofy emerge fromthe nist suspend by the hook . max aah !... aaahh ! ( grunt ) haha ! ! goofy ( senti mentally ) the perfect cast ... Max and goofy grab one another firmy and hug . both have tear in they eye . as they enbrace , goofy 's map land on he head . he lift it up and | ook at it . max Boy , this have be one crazy vacation ... he toss the map away , and it be carry off into the wnd . goofy and it 's not over yet ... ext . stadium in los angele the scene open wth a helicopter shot of the stadium where the concert be be hold . they care searchlight beani no all around and a blinp circle . 78 . people be crowd in past the turnstile and fill the parking lot . int . backstage the backstage crewis unl oad equi pnent into the stadium Max and goofy have hide in sone of the instrument case , and they be carry into the load area . when the door close , they energe . max of whi sper i no ) goofy grab Max by the armand pull himalong . Max frees himself and stop , worried . goofy oof ! W make it !... Cone on , mex ... let 's get you onstage ... max uhh ... maybe this be not such a good i dea . pomerli ne ( V. .. ) yeah , yeah ! two attractive dancer walk in front of Max , and he have a change of heart . he watch they walk by , and lose sight of goof y . max uh , then again ... dad ?... dad ? onstage , the light dima a giant sphere be lift up . electricity arc all around the sphere and it expl ode , leave only powerline in its place . he stand up and begin the song . pomerli ne get nyself a notion , one | know that you will understand . to set the world in motion , by reach out for each other 's hand . maybe we will di scover what we should have know all al ong . qne way or another together 's where we both bel ong ... still backstage , Max be look for goofy when he see powerline and the dancer perform onstage , and stop to watch . a guard spy himand try to catch he but Max dive through the guard 's leg and run away . 79 . max dad ? guard what be you doin’ here ?... hey ! goof y be | ook for Max when he accidentally | ook into the dress roomof a very heavy background singer . she screan and punch himback out the door . he fall backwards into some of the stage equipment and get tangl ed . goofy Max ?. . . Max ? lady eeeeeeek ! powerline and the dancer continue they performance onstage . pomerli ne if we listen to each other 's heart , we will find we be never too far apart , and maybe love be the reason why for the first time ever we be see it 121 . Love be always see it 121 ... 121 we be see it , see it ...121 ... int . stacey 's S house the camera close in on powerline 's face , then pull back again as a tv image in Stacey 's house . her party be in full swng , wth everyone watch the concert . everyone be watch for Max , but Bobby doubt that he will show up . Stacey try to reassure roxanne , but she concerned | ook bely she wor ds . bobby that goof kid be not there ! stacey do not worry , he will be there ... pomerli ne Love be always see it 12i ... 12 I we be see it , see it ... 12i ... int . backstage the guard in pursuit of Max make a lunge and niss . Max grab onto a lighting scaffold that be be lift into position . goofy , trap inside another of the pyrotechnic sphere , be be lift onto the stage . the sphere arc and expl ode like powerline 's , and goofy be send fly onto the 80 . stage . he land onstage beside powerline wth the tip of he hair still flame . powerline give hima curious | ook . goofy Excuse I ... Max ? ooh ! aaaaahhh ! Max be nortify , but have a brainstorm max hey dad ! dad ! do the perfect cast ! goof y hear himand begin perforn the notion of the perfect cast , much to the anmazenent of powerline and the audience . powerline continue the song and goofy dance wth he pomerli ne if you be ever lonely - stop , you do not have to be ; after all it 's only a beat away from you to not . SI ngers take a | ook inside and see . the guard climb on the scaffold to catch Max . Max bunp one of the light , and the beam get in the guard 's eye . he fall backwards , and he wei ght be too much for it . the scaffold break loose , Max grab a rope , the guard grab Max by the leg , and they both swng downward . max whoa ! whoaaaaahhhh ! the guard fly into one of the large nonitor , smash it in a will shower of spark and light . Max swng back , and end up slide onto the stage . he cone to rest directly bet ween goofy and powerline . they both | ook surprised nonentarily , then Max begin to dance and they join he pomerli ne if we listen to each other 's heart , we will find we be never too far apart , and maybe I ove be the reason why for the first time ever we be see it 121 ... see it 121 ... see it 121 ... for the first time ever , 121 ... for the first tine ... ( repeat and di gress ) int . stacey ' S house everyone at Stacey 's party watch excitedly as Max dance onscreen . roxanne snile gleefully . 81 . bobby yeah ! Max be on the tu-ube ! that 's Max ! | know he int . pete' rv pj be scrubbing the floor of the rv near the television when he see Max . Pete walk by drink a beer and hear pj yell . he look at the screen and spit he drink all over it out of shock . pj keep watch Max through the fizz run down the screen while Pete cough and choke . pj he do it ! int . stacey 's S house Bobby , Stacey and roxanne be dance wth the music - as be everyone else . Bobby spray he cheese at Stacey and roxanne , and bunp into soneone . he drop he squeeze cheese and bend to pick it up . at the sane time , Stacey reach for it and touch he hand . they | ook into each other 's eye and snile . bobby & stacey ha ha ha ! int . onstage the song end to a round of applause . the applause sl owy fade into the next scene , back on roxanne 's street . int . goofy's car the car be approach roxanne 's house slowy . it be dent , crush , snoke , and have no door . goofy you be doin ' the right thing , son . max yeah , | know ... but she will probably never talk to not again . goofy wil , if she do not , maybe she 's just not the one for you . max that 's what i|'mafraid of ... 82 . ext . roxanne ' S front porch Max ring the doorbell and be meet by roxanne 's father wear a bath tovel . roxanne ' S father q@rrreerecv .... nax uh , hi ! 'o menber not ? not at all happy wth see Max , he slan the door in Max 's face . roxanne cone to the door and open it again . roxanne ( exci t edl y) daddy !... Max ? | see you on tv ! you be great ! max ( sadl y) yeah ?... 1 mean no , no ...! mean |... roxanne , | lie to you . | do not even know power ! i not . roxanne what be you talk about ? a billion people see you dance wth he nax yeah , well ... 1 - 1 never meet he .. before the concert , that be . Max walk over to the banister and pick a flower froma nearby bush . roxanne ( di smay ) you nean that story about powerline and you dad ... why would you make up sonet hing like that ? max | do not know ..! guess | just ... want you to like not . roxanne | already like you , Max ... fromthe very first time | hear you I augh ... " a hyuk " ... heh ... Max hang he head , enbarrass . roxanne so , you wanna do sonethi no toni ght ? 83 . max definitely ! oh ! oh , no , | can not , | can not ... roxanne shoot hima di sdainful | ook . doubt i saoueti no wha max wii , I 'mkinda doin 's sonethe wth ny dad . honest ! how about t onorr ow ? roxanne deal ! roxanne extend she armto shake hand , and Max surprise she wth a quick kiss . both giggle . max ( smooch ) hohn . . roxanne heh heh ... Max acci dentally | augh like goofy again , and cover he mouth in enbarrassnent . max ae h- h- h- hyuk ! they conversation be interrupt by | oud bang fromthe street . goofy be attenpt to put the front bunper of the car back in place while hun " open Road " . he grin back at themand gesture hunorously at the car . wthout warning , the car explode , leave only goofy 's shoe and sock behind as he sail through the air . goofy do do dooo ... do do do doo ... ah - ho - hoooey ! roxanne and Max cringe sinultaneousl y as goofy crash through the roof on roxanne 's porch . goofy a - h- h- hyuk ! Max snile and introduce they 84 . max roxanne ... I would like you to neet ny dad . roxanne snile and goofy kiss she hand . goofy enchante , madenoi sel le ( smack ) all hee hee hee ... they all giggle as the camera pan up past the house , the tree and into the cl oud . the screen go black abruptly as " I 21 " begin and the credit roll .