a good year screenplay by Marc klein base on the novel by Peter mayle White : 05/09/05 Blue : 05/09/05 pink : 07/09/05 ~ Green : 19/08/05 09/19/2005 1. ext . chateau LA siroque - late afternoon i a rustic provencal farmhouse , surround by row of well - keep vine . up above , the sky be a sparkling jewelbox of star , down below , all ig quiet , except for the chirrup of the cigale ... ext . farmhouse - garden - same 2 : a gorgeous trellis of jasmine and honeysuckle be light by a : pair of flicker candle . beneath it , max skinner , age 12 , ! sit alone , puffing a cigar while stare at a cheas board , ; ponder he next move . a old vadio broadcast in french ... french dj La prochaine chanson est exécutée ce soir par josphine Baker ... max ( practice french ) La pro-shane . ,.shan-sone...est ex - 6 - cu-tée ... josephine Baker 's '' breezin 's along with the Breeze " come on ... as Max 's eye drift across the garden -- max 's Pov - entrance to the wine cellar a shaft of light spill out from the cellar . downstair , we can hear wine bottle be move and rattled . back to scene Max tap he ash . his eye anxiously dart between the chessboard and the cellar entrance . pinally , with the ease of a experience con artist , Max slide he bishop one Square forward , , , just as he hear footstep climb the stair . Max quickly cross he arm , resume he pose of deep contemplation . the wine cellar emerging from the cellar ig Max 's uncle henry , early - 50' , uncle Henry be a sermonize eccentric , with warm , know eye , and the countenance of a man who have not work very hard for a very long time . he wear a pair of pajamas -~ shirt - top open , revealing a round buddha belly . he puff on a cigar , as he cross the lawn , swinging a bottle of red ... 09/19/2005 uncle henry Max my boy -- see that it 's you last night here , I think it only appropriate that we open something extra special ... 1a , 09/19/2005 2. he present the wine with the flourish of a waiter , uncle henry tempier bandol. 1969 . the kind of wine that 'il pickle even the toughest of man ... I once see a castilian prizefighter collapse into a heap after drink just a single glass . of course , my knee landing squarely on he testicles may have be partly to biame . he begin open the bottle . uncle henry what be I talk about before ? . max Blue suit . uncle henry Blue suit ? max you say the importance of a good blue suit can never be overstate . uncle henry quite right . a blue suit be the most versatile of accoutrement ... but even more important than the suit itself be the tailor who fit it for you . take note , Max : once you find a good tailor , you be not to give he name away -- not even under the threat of bodily harm . uncle Henry pour a glass for himself . one for Max . then spill a little water into Max ' 's glass , just to soften it a bit . he take a seat . uncle henry now where be we ? whose turn be it ? max mine . uncle Henry suspiciously study the board . he quickly suspect that Max have move he bishop . 09/19/2005 2a , uncle henry Max , have I tell you why I enjoy make wine so much ? 09/19/2005 3. max : you do not make the wine , uncle | Henry , that guy duflot do , Max point out to the vineyard :.. where -- far off -- a lone pigure ride a tractor across the land ... uncle henry you be start to sound like a communist , Max . in France , it 's always the landowner that make the wine , even if all he do be supervise with binocular from the comfort of he study ... ( swirl he wine ) now then -- I enjoy make wine because this sublime nectar be , quite simply , incapable of lie . you see Max , all the work we do here at La siroque -- all the plant , all the harvest , all the ferment -- it 's nothing more than the art of bottle truth , par example : if perchance one year it rain too much , the wine will tell you that very easily , by the depth of it 's color ... ( hold the wine up toa candle ) and if it rain too little , itll tell you that too ... in it 's aroma and bouquet ... ( sniff the wine ) pick too early , pick too late , it i matter not -- the wine will always } whisper into you mouth with i complete , unabash honesty , every : time you take a sip ... i ( take a sip ) abhh ... delightful . ( then ; serious ) so max-a-million ... now that you know why I love wine so much , do you have something you want to tell mée ...? i i Max look at he uncle , poker - face . then down at the chess board . max yes . I do . uncle henry well .. , what be it ? Max gulp he wine . then , move he 09/19/2005 bishop -- 3a . 08/19/2005 4. max checkmate . CUT to black . ext . london - lawton brother office build - morning 3 a three - story glass and concrete box at the top end of threadneedle Street . a title read : many vintage later ... int . lawton brother - bond trading bullpen - morning 4 a platoon of young , saville row -drape bond trader git at they desk -- uncharacteristically quiet . they wear the face of soldier who be about to enter battle . kenny , a overly - eager Australian trader , 2us , eye he computer , kenny 115.10 , Max . feel like we oughta move now . Kenny glance across the bullpen to he boss , the team 's manage director . it 's max skinner , almost 40 . Max be a handsome , self - absorb , rascal of a man whose desire to win know no limit . he git with he foot up on he desk , wear a exquisitely tailore blue suit , read the Financial Times . max not yet , alf . kenny boss , why do you keep call I alf ? max because you be a aggressive Little p-er , Kenny . and as you boss , and genetic superior , I can call you what I like . now let the price come to you ... not the other way around , a phone ring . Max 's assistant answer . she be gemma taylor , mid - 20' , a bright and attractive englishwoman with a playful , oftentime abusive , wit . 09/19/2005 4a . gemma Max Skinner 's desk , ( beat ) La one moment please . ( to Max ) it 's kimberly . 03/19/2005 5 . Max give she the '' thumb down '' , gemma , ( into phone ) . sorry kimberly , Mr. Skinner be not here . he and he fiancee be at they wedding rehearsal today ... 115.40 ? the team snap into gear and await Max 's signal . Max watch the price of the bond on he screen ... max okay people ... just remember : we 's be net here for the dental plan . at my signal , unleash hell ... Max stand . walk to the window . stare across the City to a sleek , girkin building : lustig Bank .. he competitor . kenny 115.50 . max that 's it ! gol int . stock exchange - city a a let of man respond immediately ... frantic tick tack business , int , london - lustig bank - bond trading floor - same 5 tt 's a slow summer morning . not much activity . camera move in on ... amis radford , 40 's -- a scrappy hast ender with a neck thicker than a redwood tree . he glance at he computer screen , bewilder , amis that miserable sod . Skinner 's dump bond onto the european market . trader he can not do that -- there 's a gentleman 's agreement on the mts exchange . 09/19/2005 5a . amis : a gentleman 's agreement pre- suppose there 's a gentleman involved . 09/19/2005 6. trader # 1 amis , he 's put out three billion in sell order ! price be crash ! amis get off you arse people -- we have get . to cover we position ! series of shot 6 every bond floor in London ig in chaos , as trader shout and frantically try to stem they loss ... int . lawton brother -. a bit later 7 max where we at ? kenny down two big figure , 113.501 int . lustig bank - same ' 8 headset on , amis stare out the window , across the City to the lawton Brothers skyscraper . . ' mutter to himself ... amis this whole thing do not make any sense . unless ... int . lawton brother - same 9 Max watch the bond price hit 112.50 , then leap out of he chair -- ~ max start buy ! everything you can get you hand on ! go! go! gol the bullpen erupt into chaos . the camera close in on Max , who flash a satisfied , devious grin ... 09/19/2005 6a . : int . lustig bank - same 9a * amis i ( panicked ) mother Mary , that filthy bugger | force down price , now he 's gonna L buy everything back on the cheap ! 10 09/19/2005 7. int . lawton brother - samr 9b gemma you have go too far this time , Max , max ( braggart ) gemma , when they hang I , make sure they bury I face down so I know which way I be head ... int . lawton brother '' circus club 's - minute later io the place be fill with plasma screen that broadcast business report from all over the world , as well ag health food counter . the gang from lawton Brothers serenade its leader , soft 's drink swinging in the air , as Max erack some '' illegal '' bottle of bubbly into plastic cup . gang '' -- for he 's a jelly good fall - ohhh ! which nobody can deny ! " ~> then , with the tiniest of voice -- gemma I can ! applause , cheer and {much to Max 's consternation ) call for '' speech ! speech ! " Max step atop a chair , max be you not entertained !? be ! you ! not ! entertained ! the mob cheer . Max settles they with aplomb . max well . today , I think we prove that old adage correct : '' win be not everything , .. all in unison ++-it 's the only thing ! '' max great work today , everybody ! really . thank you for it ! Max applaud he team ... and make brief eye contact with a twentysomething beauty across the space . 104 10 B 09/19/2005 8. max we competitor will say that what we do today exploit a loophole . that we '' cross a line '' and break a '' sacred covenant of trust '' within the bond trading fraternity . well , to they I respectfully say : ( as erudite as possible ) '' ha ~- hal " Big cheer . it 's good to be Max Skinner . int . SMALL flat - bedroom - late night 10a post-coitus . the twentysomething beauty lie naked on the bed , snore , she sumptuous body tangle within the sheet . Max , grip hia clothes in a ball , creep out of the apartment , check he hair in the mirror before he leave . int . town car - night . 10 B in the back , Max , bleary - eye , watch a mini- tv as he 's chauffeure home . CNN news anchor ( London market ) +-.and while not technically illegal , lawton Brothers 's action this morning represent a unprecedented breach of financial etiquette . cries of ' foul play 's be loud and widespread ... with talk of some kind of inguiry ... Max frown , dismissive , click off . ext . london street - wet - dawn il a sleek apartment building sit on the edge of the Thames , shroud in a gloomy soup of drizzle and fog . Max 's town car glide up in front . int . max 's apartment build - wee hour - moment later 12 a doorman open the door as Max enter , briefcase in tow . 09/19/2005 ga , doorman good morning , Mr. Skinner ... ( hand Max he mail ) co and congratulation . 09/19/2005 max thank you , bert . doorman you mighta tip I off , Mr. Skinner . max buy on the rumor , bert ... sell on the now . as the elevator door shut . doorman ( sotto ) tosser ! max ( sotto ) wanker ! 13 int . max's apartment - dawn 13 the flat be sleek , modern , expensively appoint , wall of glass give the impression that the place be literally float in the foggy , dawn sky . gekko 's '' greed ig good '' quote be frame on canvas , dominate the large wall .. Max skim through he mail . it 's mostly junk , but there 's one intrigue envelope with a french stamp . at a wet bar , Max pour himself a tumbler of scotch , decanter in one hand , appraise the letter : cabinet auzet , notaire , rue des rempart , 84160 , gorde , Max open the letter . -- he reaction be to walk through to the live room a little crestfallen . 4 int . live room - same - dawn 14 at he window , he stare out across the Thames , grief in he eye . he downs he scotch , max {quiet ) ah , hell .. - Henry . along the river , the light go out , signal a new morning , 09/19/2005 10 . int . max 's office - thr following day 15 a massive fish tank . Max lean against it , read the morning 's Financial Times , whose headline blare : '' lawton score big in dawn raid . '' Kenny arrive in the frame , i hand Max a shot of espresso , wave Max 's morning i message ... : kenny ready for the fan mail ? ( Max nod ) '' bastard . '' '' bastard . '' '' burn in hell . '' '' rot in hell . '' " die . " '' congratulation , you be my hero . '' max who be that from ? kenny : you attorney . i Max look up . gemma tap on glass from inside Max 's office . int . max 's office - same 16 / gemma I just get off the phone with auzet , the notaire handle you uncle Henry 's estate . max ( blank ) i oh ! the one whe send I the letter , gemma seem you uncle have not update he will in over twenty year . which be why , in typical french fashion , it take they a month to notify you , max so ? ig there go to be a read o£ the will or do we just '' download '' that sort of thing this day ? gemma , that 's the point , Max : there be no legal will . ( more ) 09/19/2005 10a. gemma ( cont would ) you nre he close blood relative , so you get everything . 09/19/2005 12. ( disinterested ) : what -~ he clothes and lps ? — _ gemma | ( follow ) : the house , you git . you get he i houge . as Max digesta that , Kenny enter behind she . max ( touch marginally ) the old farmhouse ? the pool and vineyard and everything ? kenny ( intrusively ) a place like that must be worth a pretty penny this day , eh ? Max look at he , annoyed at the intrugion . gemma I book you a flight and make a appointment with auzet for three tomorrow afternoon . just a few * : papers to sign . * max right ... wait ! what , no ! I be not go to France tomorrow , gem . I be the toast of the town , I need to j take a few victory lap around the : city . ( wave he phone message proudly as evidence ) see -- everybody hate I . kenny goon ; Max . we will take good care of the place while you be go . no worry , Max inspect the ambitious little shit beside he , then hand + he he expresso -- . * max go , there must be animal you can kick somewhere -- go , get you ... back wax . he shut the door behind he . gemma face he . 09/19/2005 11a. gemma , tell I something , Max : do you care for he ? 09/19/2005 12 . max who ? gemma you uncle , of course , Max have to give this pause , gemma when be the last time you speak ? max Ages ago . gemma , why ? max do not know really . I think it have something to do with my become a asshole , ext . evening - berkeley square - drizzle 16 a Max stride with hig umbrella , under the tree . int . hip restaurant - corner booth - night 17 swarm of notting Hill lovely fill the restaurant . Max enter , and skillfully wade he way through the crowd of admire woman , kissing many , whisper to other ... meanwhile , charlie willis , mid -30 's , real estate broker , cast furtive glance at he waitress 's pert bosom while she pour he a taste of red wine . charlie lock lovely , thank you , ( another glance at they ) really , really lovely . Max slide into the booth , and watch , amused , as Charlie begin a pretentious '' taste '' ritual . . charlie first , the pleasure of the eye ; by way of a inspection of the polyphenolics .. , he tilt the glass to observe its color . + +e ee * 09/19/2005 12aa , charlie * magnificent hue of brick red indicate a mature bordeaux , * 09/19/2005 12a. waitress it 's a burgundy . charlie ( cover ) slip of the tongue ... next , the retro-nasal cavity ... he swirl the wine gently , then dip he nose into the glass . he inhale , but accidentally snortg up some wine , and he cough and choke for 4 moment , charlie marvelous , , . ( cough ) ++.bouquet . allure nose of ... ( cough , cough ) +.- honey and spice ... max it 's come out of you ear , Charlie , Charlie trill , then swallow the wine , eye leaden with resplendent joy . charlie mmmm ... ( to waitress ) that all do nicely . you can let it breathe for a while . ee ( catch himself ) no , wait , we can do better than that -- you can let it ... regain it 's composure , while I regain mine . waitress {to Max ) wine for you , sir ? max a rémy - Martin , a double , please , charlie {to she , with one final glance , which Max clock ) thank you . * % the ee ree ee no + ee * + a rh th ee * Max grab 09/19/2005 13. max Charlie , you should try and keep you eye more ...up. make she think you have serious intention . charlie ( follow she ass as it strut away ) oh , but T do , Max , I do ... max so , mate ... what do you think I 'il get for it ? charlie ( af fronted ) Max , barely a day since you learn you long - lose uncle croak , and still , the only thing on you mind be money . max the very uncle you speak of once teach I that every man need a '' for - you million '' in the bank . I have simply decide that I want to say '' for - you " '' more than once . several time , in fact , charlie at least furnish I the particular . a estate agent need something he can sink he tooth into . a hunk of bread . start nibble . max tt 's be a while since I have be there , mind you ... but I think there be about a half dozen bedroom . aa decent-size kitchen . a pool . a tennis court . oh yeah , there 's also the vineyard . about eleven hectare , charlie bloody hell , Max . sound like a estate to I . a chateau . . max yeah ? what 's a chateau goin 's for this day ? 09/19/2005 413a . Charlie muse over the image of a provencal palace , as he sniff he wine . i8 20 09/19/2005 14 . charlie a few '' for - you 's . '' maybe more . max ( delighted ) bless that old sod ! charlie T will not cut my commission , max I do not ask you to . charlie in that case ... ( hold up he glass ) --- here 's to f-ing you . CUT to : omitted 18 ext . marignane airport - day 19 Max emerge from the terminal to be overwhelm by sunlight . he squint , then take out he treo to check e-mail , never pause to regard the cloudless mile of sky above . at a car rental lot - marseille - sunshine 20 Max , passport in he mouth and carry a briefcase , prowl the stall , check the number on he rental key against the Space number beneath sporty peugeot and renault . at last , he come to he car : a tiny , lime - green smart car . he think about the hassle of change vehicle . . - half turn back , then settles for it , max ( squeezing : in ) dammit , gemma ! ext . road - freeway n7 - day 21 Max 's smart car scoot along the freeway pass magnificent landscape . 08/19/2005 14a , . inside Max do not notice outside , he 's struggle with the gps as it repeat itself , 22 99/19/2005 15 . gps voice { 0.8 . ) bonjour et bienvenue , can c’est la systeme dy position globale . Max stab at the control panel in frustration . max ( shouting ) English , please ! ext . beautiful road with majestic tree ~ pay 22 Max 's car toddle around the bend . inside Max drive , eye on road . ear to phone. max ( into phone ) Kenny , [ want the current 10 year yield , for want a update on the figure for hon-farm payroll . ang T want you out of my chair , int . london - lawton brother - same 23 Kenny sit there , in Max 's chair , foot on the desk , he hang up . kenny how have he know that ? glance roung the room for hide camera ... 250 99/18/2005 16 . ext . road - moving 24 Max pass a french , testosterone bicycle Club who all grin and jeer at the little car . Max finger they through the roof as he go by ... max lance armstrong ! ' they all finger back , etc.. , ext . high tech flower stall - nay London , raining . gemma be buy tulip with a friend , phone ring . max ( 0.8 . ) admit it . this ds because I do not bang you on you birthday . gemma I swear on my life Max they do not have any other car , ( wink to she friend ) so where be we ? ext . provence panorama - Day 25 her 26 beautiful patchwork vista of menerbe . a small green speck stop at a crossroad , otherwise there be no movement in the landscape , v.0. , then cut into Max , max below the luberon with Saint - pong to the north . the sign say saint- pon to the South . and the gps have a slight stutter . gps voice ( 0.8 , ) ++ -@vancez...avancez.. , ext . london - same gemma study she treo . 27 09/19/2005 16a . gemma turn leave . that will put you back on the n7 . if you really motor you will still make you appointment ... 09/19/2005 17 . : ext . wide shot - provence - same 28 Max make the turn .... follow she direction ... 29 ext . london ~ trendy cafe - minute later , 29 gemma 's sit under a awning have a fag and cappuccino when she phone ring . gemma Mission control ? 30 back in FRANCE - beautiful dirt road - tree and vineyard anid castle ~- paradise Max stand outside he car , surveying he problem . max ( 0.8 . ) ( agitate ) gemma . please call the notaire and | have she leave the key underneath * : the big stone beside the entrance . * i we will have to reschedule for first thing tomorrow morning . ext . trendy cafe - same 30a : gemma L copy that . Max , where be you ? ! what 's that noise ? 30b ext . road - same 30 B his head turn to see -- you replacement . a braying donkey blocking he path . 31 ext . provence - rural road ~ late afternoon 31 Max , now seriously irritate ... gps voice «.-avancez...avancez , ..tournez a droite a 100 metre ... 03/19/2005 lta . Max pass a driveway with twin pillar . a fade bronze plaque : ' chateau LA siroque . 's he stop , back up the car , } and stare at the sign . this be it . : L 32 cc 33 09/19/2005 18. ext . chateau LA siroque estate - late afternoon 32 Max pull up in front of a sprawling house . a little run - down and in need of a coat of paint but nevertheless familiar . he turn off he motor . step out , and feel like the only human be for mile . it 's very , very quiet . he lock the smart car . crunch , crunch , crunch , crunch ... he walk past the table where he and he uncle use to play chess . he touch it as he pass . i ~- we view max from afar , over someoneas shoulder . Max 's be spy on , by -- -- francis duflot , sweatnstain and sunburn , year of toil etched in he face . he sit on a idling tractor which be drip with fresh , blue pesticide . cell phone to he ear . duflot tl est arrive ... ext . cottage - far end of the vineyard - establishing 32a smoke drifta from the chimney ... int . cottage - same 32 B stand above the hot stove , also stare out at the bastide , be ludivine duflot , 40' . she 's on the phone with she husband ... . madame duflot ( warning ) be nice , Francis . do not go with a face like a boot , go with a smile . ext . bastide ~ driveway 32 cc Max cross the gravel driveway . lift the stone beside the * | entrance and unearth a pair of huge brass key . * : int . chateau LA siroque - entry - late afternoon 33 : a key rattles in the door -- click -- Magic hour sunlight spill in , frame Max in the doorway . he breathes a wave of nostalgia . the old , familiar smell . 34 35 36 09/19/2005 19 . max halloo ? ' allo ? ( then ; experimentally ) uncle Henry ? L of course , no answer , he pass a picture of Henry and he young self barefoot , crush grape and laugh . int . kitchen - moment later 34 Max stand in a kitchen with a cast- iron range and a big ; wooden plank table . from.a.bowl , Max pluck a ripe tomato ; L someone 's be keep up the place . ext , chateau LA siroque - garden - same 35 Max , without tie and jacket , take in the air , not savore it so much as detect a change from London . he bite into i the tomato ... squirt !... unaware that he have stain he white i shirt . at the pool drain , with a layer of leave and slime coating the bottom , a diving board balance on rusted spring . walk out onto the board and Max give a little bounce . its give a thudder . he jump again . thudder thud . grin . Max 's Pov : a derelict tennia court be raise on a bank above the old pool , the thud of the board transforma into a tennis game 's plop -thwang , plop-thwang , plop-thwang ... distant argument , protest , etc . ext . tennis court - second later 36 | it 's a weedy clay court , surround by a rusted fence . the i} court be cover with leave from a tree that 's be plant 4 on the edge . the tree spread dapple shadow across the court , in the distance , Max step through the rotting gate and take in the scene , a surge of nostalgia bubbling up ... uncle henry voice Match point , Max ! we be now in a flashback ... 09/19/2005 19a. max be Pov - on he left at the far end 37 uncle henry -- wear too-tight dunlop short and a pair of . ratty sandal -- stand hold a tennis racket in one hand , and a glass of white wine in the other . 09/19/2005 20 . max be Pov - on he left young max -- wear a headband and wristband and look like a pint-size version of dohn mcenroe , bad tempere . young max it 's too dark to play uncle Henry ! I can not see ! uncle henry nonsense , Max , at you age I could spot a hyena on - the veldt at three quarter of a mile . uncle Henry line up he serve . thwack ! dead-center . Max lunge for the ball as if he life depend on it , but miss anyway . uncle henry Ace ! game , set , match ! uncle Henry dance in the '' end zone '' in celebration . piss , Young Max slam he racket to the court ... and walk toward the service box to examine the line . young max you can ’t be serious ! uncle Henry continue to gloat ... without mercy . young max you do not have to rub it in ! uncle henry the veal question , Max , be why you be not celebrate . young max because I lose . uncle Henry pour himself a refill from a day cooler on the court . : uncle henry Max ... a man should acknowledge he loss as gracefully as he celebrate he victory ... ( goad ) now give we a jig ... for you old uncle 's sake ... 09/19/2005 20a . follow order , Young Max make a half - heart attempt to | dance around the court . . — 38 09/19/2005 21 . uncle henry try harder , Max -a-million ! focus ! arm up in triumph ! ( not happy with he performance ) dance boy -~ do not shimmy like a ttalian ! Young Max raise he arm , but he 's just not feel it ... and abruptly stop . max this be stupid . uncle Henry cross the court and tussle the hoy 's hair . uncle henry someday , Max , you will come to see that a man learn nothing from win . the act of lose , however , can elicit great wisdom ... not the least of which be how much more enjoyable it be to win ... it be essential to lose now and then ... the trick be not to make a habit of it ... the present . ext . vineyard - later 38 Max walk through the vineyard . kneelg down . notice that there be rose at the head of each row . stoop down , scoops up some dirt , and sniff it . make a face . ugh . offscreen voice chickenshit ... duflot appear from out of the vine ... trail by he blue dog tati . duflot it ig the only thing for they , before Max can react , duflot kiss he three time on the cheek , then bearhug he . duflot 's a real sweaty guy with a persistent swarm of gnat whirling around he . max monsieur duflot ? my God , you have ...uh... mature . 09/19/2005 21a. duflot clest vrai . the flood of ' 78 . the mistral of ' 86 . fanleaf disease in ' 93 . ( more ) 09/19/2005 22 . duflot ( cont would ) with each vintage I have cork away another year of my youth . but still , I have my wife ludivine , and my dog tati , who be loyal , affectionate , and ... max ..- blue .... Max stare down at the blue terrier . bark ! bark ! duflot ngesture ; c’est la vie ) I expect you are-hungry , no ? my wife be tonight roasting a lamb -- max thank you , but no . I be tired , and do not have much of a appetite ... since I learn about Henry . duflot {tear in he eye ) in the last few year , he sight be fail . but I attend to thing for he . we become very close , you know ?.. almost like father and son . max ( cynical ) I be happy that someone be here to take care of he . duflot bon ! ludivine will come in the morning ... with croissant ... she will resume she duty . max if you insist . well ... bon nuit , duflot . . duflot a demain . Max head back to the house . he feel like he 's be watch , so he stop , turn , and sure enough , duflot be watch he ... only he head be show . duflot gesture with a smile , then disappear like a ghost in the gloam , as we ... 40 40 a 09/19/2005 23. int . kitchen - night 39 Max find a bottle of ' La siroque 's on the table , with a note from ludivine that read : '' bienvenu . '' also a small plate of goat cheese . he pull the cork , pour a glass . take a sniff . max ah ... La siroque , int . uncle henry 's study - minute later 40 | Max spy a old record player with a stack of 45 's balance in position on the silver spindle . Henry 's final playlist ! Max turn the player on , line up the record ... and let the first record drop ... Noel coward 's voice crackle : noel coward '' ... a room with a view , and you , and no one to hurry we ... max ( sing the rest ) ... mo one to worry we ... '' Max peruse photo of Henry . inspect a wall overstuff i with book ( greene , maughm , Waugh , wodehouse} . then , raise i the glass , affectionately , to a photograph of . uncle Henry | grin back at he . : max here 's to you Henry . for devote you life to the vine , and : bottle the truth ... ' take a sip . run the wine around he palate , nod in '' recognition . max well , that be honest ... he open a window and spit it out . int . uncle henry 's bedroom - later 40 k Max stand in only he sock and boxer , scrubbing the tomato stain out of he dress shirt . outside , there be a chorus of hearty ribbit . he remember and smile to himself . max ( affectionately ) frog . 09/19/2005 23a . 41 42 £ 3 09/19/2005 24 . Max keep scrubbing , enjoy the moment more than even he know ... int . chateau LA siroque - stairweli , - morning 41 sunlight stream through a window . Max appear at the top of the stair , in he uncle 's weathered bathrobe , barefoot . he yawn , squint at the daylight . int . chateau LA siroque - kitchen 42 a open refrigerator offer Max little . he scour in particular for one item , without luck : max coffee , coffee , coffee ... shite . Max , breakfast under he arm : a litre of milk and a hunk of cheese ... shuffles towards the door as ... ~- madame duflot enter , stout in purple sweat and a bird 's nest of orange hair , carry a vacuum cleaner and bucket . max Madame duflot . madame duflot ah , maxie , maxie , maxie ! she kiss he three time on the cheek . ruffle he hair . fake he in . he have grow since she last see he ... Madame duflot proceed begin to playful scold Max -- far assume she would not bring he breakfast , for wear that bathrobe when there 's a perfectly good one she laid out for he , for drink milk out of the bottle , etcetera , etcetera . she snap the milk and cheese out of he hand and shoos he outside . Max do not understand a word . madame duflot ( shooing he out ) attendez dan le jardin ! je vous apporte le petit dejeuner ! ( Mr. Max , go to the garden ! I will bring he breakfast ! ) ext . garden - at the chess table - moment later 43 Max sit in the garden , beneath the trellis , tapping away on he treo , suddenly , he 's startle by -- slam ! -- Madame duflot drop a tray of breakfast on the table . 44 09/19/2005 25 . madame duflot bon appetit , coffee . croissant . jam. butter . ' then , she march back into the house , mutter to herself in french . Max take a sip of coffee . that 's great coffee . dip the croissant in jam . delicious . the moment be perfect . Magic ! ring-vibrate ! his treo go off . max Morning , gemma , gemma ( 0.8 . ) enjoy yourself ? max as bereavement go ? int . lawton brother office - day 44 gemma this all cheer you up , you have be bust . Morning ft , headline . '' lawton bond trade under investigation . '' max ( 0ls . ) what ? gemma ( yeading ) '' the fsa today launch a official inquiry into recent lawton Brothers trade activity ... '' max ( 0.s. ) relax ... I already clear the deal through legal . they give I the ga ahead . this be just a pr show to assuage lustig Bank . gemma pepper do not think go .. Max stop dead . max ( 0.s . ) ( ripple of fear ) Nigel ? 09/19/2005 26 . Sir Nigel . he want a sit down with you . 5 o‘ clock this afternoon . max ( 0.8 , ) ( because that mean this be serious ) what time 's my meeting with the notaire ? gemma a little over an-hour from now . max ( 0.8 . ) my time or you time ? gemma shake she head . oh shit , she forget . gemma oops. omitted ext . bastide - driveway - later Max pull on he jacket and climb into the smart car , ring , it 's Charlie . charlie ( 0.8 . ) so how 's La maison ? be it smash ? max ( eyeing it ) to be honest , Charlie , it 's a little bit shabby . ext . london townhouse - pay Charlie have step outside from a open house . charlie we do not say shabby , Max . we say '' fill with the patina of a bygone era . '' what about the plonk ? 45 46 phone 47 to call Max . 09/19/2005 26a , max ( 0 ,.s. ) bouquet of wet dog . Hit the palate like a razor blade , with the finish hint of awful . 48 09/19/2005 27 , charlie one thing we be go to need for sure be a oenologue . test the vine , take soil sample , thing of that sort . ask around , there must be a couple not far from you . oh -- and few sexy snap would not hurt either ... you know , to get the punter clamoring ... on the same road - far ahead of max 48 fanny , 308 , the most beautiful woman in provence , be eyeling along -- leather jacket , skirt hitched up and blissfully unaware of the englishman hurtle up the road . inside mak' smart car charlie ( 0.8 . ) there 's a e-mail address to send they to ... Max hold he palm one treo in front of he , switch it the a 6 - mail screen ... max okay . shoot. charlie provencelist ings@broadbentpropertie s.eng . on he lap , Max start type the address into he treo . fumble it into the opposite footwell . max hold on . shite . through the windscreen , panny appear ahead ... she spot Max 's car speed toward she . she swerve to avoid it ... and fly off the road and into a irrigation ditch . inside smart car Max grab the treo and finish enter the address , oblivious to everything . / | 09/19/2005 27a. 30 ° omitted 49 - 50 i 52 53 09/19/2005 28 , ext , village STREET - day 51 Max park he smart car in the square . the town be a little gem . however , Max do not notice a thing ... he head straight to the notaire 's office ... int . notaire 's office - reception - morning 52 Max enter . up front , a wait area be fill with a thick cloud of cigarette smoke . the secretaire sit behind a desk , chain smoking . in back , - a- close door leada to maitre auzet 's office . receptionist qui ? max auzet ? int . notaire 's office - day 53 a pair of shapely tattooe ankle . pan up . wnathalie auzet , 408 , attractively austere : grey suit , glass , Louise brook bobcut . she sit behind she desk , downloading he ... nathalie you see monsieur , most wine - make region in France exist threugh a arrangement know as metayage ... ( notice he 's fixate on she tatoos ) Mr. Skinner ? max hmmm ? ( snap out ) sorry . Max sign the paperwork in front of he . nathalie in the arrangement , the vigneron make the wine , the estate owner maintain the property . c’est simple . the proceed of the wine be then share equally . this be how you uncle and monsieur duflot work for over thirty year . naturally monsieur duflot will be anxious as to you intention . 09/19/2005 29 . max ( businesslike ) i_can speed this all up . I have no plan to become a vintner . nathalie bon , let monsieur duflot make the wine , and you enjoy the estate on * the weekend . max I do not think you quite understand , Ms. auzet . my life - be in London . and I do not do weekend . I plan on sell La siroque as soon as possible . she look up . remove she glass . nathalie henri would approve of this ? Max smile a little to himself . max tell I , how well do you know my uncle ? auzet give a tiny cough . Max smirk to himself . he think go . max so then ... as you know ... the chateau be uncle Henry 's passion . but it 's not mine . I be sure he would understand . ~ nathalie and what of monsieur duflot ? he and he wife have be on the estate for thirty year . if not deal with properly , you . could be -- how do you say -- catch between a '' rock and a stone ? '' max charm ... but I fail to see the complication ... I can assure you , upon settlement , I will be very generous with Mr. duflot ... as always in a case such as this , it 's just a matter of find the right number ... ( more ) 09/19/2005 29a. max ( cont would ) oshift } now on a entirely different note , I wonder if you might help I find a . ..oenologue ? 54 09/19/2005 30 . auzet on this , I will have to get back to you . max in that case , if there 's nothing else , I have get a plane to catch ... Max grab the paperwork , get up and head for the door . max thank you again , Ms. auzet . under normal circumstance I would have ask you to lunch . you tattoo alone beg a thousand question . auzet but for you Mr. Skinner , the answer will always be the game . int , chateau LA siroque - bedroom - day 54 Max hurriedly pack he carry - on , pause to consider take the photograph of himself and uncle Henry stomping grape . omitted 55 ext , chateau LA siroque - front - day 56 jacket on , Max exit , briefcase in hand . duflot ig wait for he , block the path to he car . duflot you be sell La siroque ? there have be a mistake , I think . max News travel fast . he move toward he car ... duplot but you uncle . he mean for you to have it , not sell it . max tf he mean that , he might have take the time to say so ina proper will . but he do not , 09/19/2005 31 , duflot you know , henri be not English the way you be ! he be a man of | secret , aman of passion . he do not write thing down . : for a moment , this resonate with Max . Max open the door i and chuck he attache onto the front seat . duflot you would take I away from my vine ? | max they be my vine , duflot . / duflot I live in they ! I breathe in they ! they tear my hand ! max listen , duflot ... ( gentle touch ) prancis . when I have sell the property , I intend to make you a handsome settlement ... duflot money ?! you think it 's money that : I want ?! : Max be truly baffle . : duflot do you know what it be , monsieur , to love something more than you own life ? to submit you day and night to the fickle will of nature ? I have not but a handful of vintage leave . soon , my body and spirit will be defeat by the ; terroir . and you would dare come : here and take away my last few chance of immortality ! ? Max be now in the car . he pause , reflect . close the door , max afraid so . he start the car . 09/19/2005 31a. max I will be in touch . 09/19/2005 32 . duflot i ( call out after he ) eo this be not over ! no ! ou ona la | terre , on a la guerre ! ( where there be land , there be war . ) he stomp away into the field as Max start the car . his phone ring -vibrate as he pull out . he answer : max leave now . gemma ..{ q + 8 . ) good . Sir Nigel be make a special trip . everything all right ? max no , it be just ... nothing , gemma ( 0.s. ) : , i do you get the photog for Charlie ? max | dammit ! - Max hang up , slam on the-brakes , ext , chateau LA siroque - garden - day 57 the heavy frame of the feront door . click . a panorama of the vineyard . click . the tennis court . click , Max level . he treo ( which serve as a digital camera too ) for a shot of the house from the garden , but he 's too close . he circle the perimeter of the pool to line it up again when he phone ring again . max what ?! gemma ( 0.3 . ) } get in the car ! max ( be : he camera- phone ) get off my camera , gemma ! he hang up and step up on the diving board to line up a shot . he walk out farther on the board to get a better angie , then -- click ! crack ! the diving board snap . he phone goe flying . Max plummet from sight . 09/19/2005 we push down to discover -- 32a . 58 09/19/2005 33 . in the pool - Max roll over on mud and leave , wince , get to he foot . realizing he 's okay , he laugh at himself and shake off the pain . as he look around , he face drop . no shallow end . smooth steep wall . Max leap for the lip of the pool , miss by inch . tries again . no dice . stuck. muddy . propping the break diving board againat the wall he precariously edge up it , as he reach for the top -- slap ! his makeshift ramp skid from under he , send he fly . defeat , festoon in mud , he cell phone be ring - vibrate : move it closer 's to the edge of the pool . max oh , please -- come to papa . int . lawton brother office - day 58 through glass - wall of the boardroom , gemma watch Sir Nigel pepper , a 50 - something silverback barrow boy in armani . arrive . she catch he eye . smile . he flexe he jaw . gemma dial fast . gemma ( into phone ) where be you , you tosser ? ext . chateau LA stroque ~ in the pool 59 Max Pov : the phone ring vibrate / move . out of sight . max baargh ! call back ! ¢' mon gemma ! ext . country road - day 60 fanny chug along in she 2 cv , mangle bike on the top . pass chateau La siroque , she clock a lime - green smart car in the drive . skid to a halt . ext . chateau LA siroque - a bit later 61 fanny rap on the front doar . piss ... wait . no response . distant expletive come from the back .. , 09/19/2005 33a. ext . chateau LA siroque - garden 62 | panny circle the house , trace Max 's voice . to the pool . 09/19/2005 34 . where she find a mud-cake neanderthal , busily construct a ramp out of mud and a break diving board . he retreat , mutter , then with all he might sprint at the construction , bellow , plant one foot upon it , pulverize it . he bark he shoulder on the wall and land , submerge in the gunk . he spot he be not alone . max hello . fanny qu’est - ce que vous faite ? max it 's okay . I be the pool man , I always do this on thursdays ... just routine maintenance . fanny ah . you be a ' ro beef ? max oui. anglais , stupide . a soft breeze flutter she dress , and Max covertly move to get a peek of she shapely leg ... max this be all rather wonderful chat like this ... and you be a vision , but ... any chance of a rope of a ladder ? fanny be that you car out front ? max yes , sorry -- I be temporarily the custodian of the lime - green rollerskate . it 's a hire car . not for gale . sorry . look , I / m in ahole . literally . and I want to get out . fanny can you swim ? max not in a foot of shit . 09/19/2005 34a. fanny bon . she disappear from he view . : | | 2a 09/19/2005 35 , max ( to himsel£ ) hello ? ' allo ? after a few moment wonder , Max hear a gurgle rumble . inquisitive , he stare at the spout . bug begin to leap out frantically . dust in time he move -- a torrential flood of water burst from a spout along the inside of the pool . Max dodge as he realize : fanny have turned.on the valve pump . miss the second explode spout . the third hit he the shoulder , which turn he face in the fourth . the force send he horizontal into the mud . max Holy crap ! max be give a four - way yellow chlorine enema . he fight to stay alive . ext , london airport 624 Max 's driver stand as the last '' arrival '' passenger dribble out ... he dial he cell phone . cuT to : int . lawton brother office 62b gemma , ( in command ) right . right . Roger that . Pov gemma . glamorous board room , Sir Nigel pepper be sit in the boardroom wait with the Financial Times . gemma approach gingerly and enter . dissolve to : ext . pool - later 63 Water up to Max 's elbow . he carefully take off he watch while hold he shoe out of the water . after put hig watch inside , Max throw he shoe up above , save they almost certain ruin . up above , he cellphone ring - vibrate again : catch on a slight rise in the pool 's lip . max yes , gemma , I know , I know , CUT to : i i i later , and the sun be dip in the sky . now , float on the water . his mood have into the pinwheel of color in the sky . 09/19/2005 35a. Max be on he bak shift . he stare 65 66 67 09/19/2005 36 . max ' why do you like the desert , Colonel lawrence ? 's ( in flawless O'Toole ) ' I like it because it 's clean , 's - CUT to : deserted pool . no Max . have he drown ? ' suddenly , from the 65 depth , Max launch : reach full stretch ... .he miss the lip by a centimeter . dive down , launch again : get it ! his finger strain and he. haul , ravage and soaking but free . int . london taxt - dusk Ring ... gemma pick up the phone . gemma you better be in prigon . max ( 0.s. ) tell he I be sorry , I can explain . gemma sorry 's no good . he 's go . off on one of he retreat for a week . int , / ext . chateau LA sitroque - back terrace door - night Max , drip , stripping off he wet thing . max shit . when 's the first flight out tomorrow ... ? gemma { ( 0.s. ) Max , there 's no rush anymore . the last thing Sir Nigel do on he way out be suspend you ' till he get back . . max what ?! gemma ( 0.s. ) Max . he be really angry . you have make he a lot of enemy , Max . why do not you pick up the phone ? Max 's face go white . 66 67 69 69a 09/19/2005 37 . max what do he expect I to do for a week ? gemma ( 0.s . ) take a holiday . max Christ he do not say that do he ? gemma ( 0.s , ) no , I just do . max if anyone call , do not tell they I be on holiday ! that 's worse than die . suspend or not , I be not gonna stop trading ! pull back to reveal ... Max , in he underpant , stand in a puddle , surveying hig vineyard . armani in a sodden heap , int . chateau LA siroque - bedroom - night 68 Max take a couple of sleep pill . he open the window . on the sill , he notice a heap of moldy lavender sit ina cheap plastic dish . it look disgusting . he make a face and toss it into the trash . get into bed , three hour later Max be sit up in bed . very much not sleep . the frog outside be in fine voice . ribbit-ribbit , ribbit-ribbit . . , max frog ... ext . chateau LA siroque - early morning 69 the vineyard at daybreak . int . kitchen - same 69 Madame duflot be dutifully wash Max 's suit by hand , sud and all . pull it out . ring it out . 09/19/2005 38 . int . uncle henry's bedroom - later 70 — Max 's eye slowly flutter open . he get up and walk to the shutter , but when he throw they open , & frenzied swarm of scorpion explode from the sill ! Holy shit ! toa int . stairwell - same 70 a Madame duflot be climb the step with Max 's press suit when she hear he scream . she rush up ... 70b int , uncle henry 's bedroom - same 70 B Max grab a shoe and frantically pound anything that move , Madame duflet burst in and see the scorpion . she use the suit to help he kill the bug . madame duflot i lavande !? lavande !? : Madame duflot join in , and thrashes the scorpion with Max 's newly - clean suit . then , she fish the plastic dish of moldy lavender out of the trash ... and pompously wave in front of Max 's face . madame duflot for lavande !} : she firmly place it back on the window sill . 700 int . uncle henry 's bedroom - later 70c " Max dig through uncle Henry 's clothes closet . it 's fill a assortment of style , span the decade . 71 int . kitchen - morning 71 ' Max enter . he 'o wear a unoffend pair of he uncle 's trousers ( loose waist , cuff under he heel , school tie as a belt ) . rummages through the fridge . grab a day - old croissant . Cup of coffee . charlie 's voice ( 0.s. ) back in blighty mon ami ?... 71b 7ie 71d 09/19/2005 39 , int . hallway - morning tia Max , on the phone , eat . intercut with Charlie ( in London ) as Max wander around the house , max on the contrary , Charlie , I have decide to stay for a couple of day . you know , smell the lavender and relax . int . basement plat in fulham - same 71b Charlie stand in he kitchen in a paisley dress gown , scoop nescafe from a jumbo-sized tin . the Financial Times sit on he counter , charlie '' relax ? ! '' so it be true . you be get sack ! max I be not get sack , Charlie . I be . ..explore option with a view to realize thée - full potential of my inheritance . charlie 's voice in that case , how long before you inheritance be ready to view ? int . top corridor - morning 71¢c Max see two chicken strutting about . see a patch in the ceiling that need a Major repair . max it 's cogmetica stuff mostly . just need a scrub and a coat of paint . so shall we say , first view 's in two or three day ...? int . live room - same 71d Max stop . Three day ? shit , he pull at the flimsy curtain . it shower he with dust , dead wasp , etc . charlie you sure ? 09/19/2005 40 . max no problem at all , Charlie . Max wander down the hall and open the cellar door ... 718 int . cellar staircase - same tle max oh . one last thing . the wine they make here ... it be not , repeat not first class . charlie 's voice how bad can it be ? Max rummage through bottle on dusty shelf , max just give you a blind headache and make you angry . best make sure the buyer do not know shite about wine , charlie 's voice : not a problem , old chap . just make sure she 's mateh - fit in 72 hour . Max examine with interest bottle label with grease | pencil : Le coin perdu . i 72 int . garage - day ' 72 . in a messy garage , Max dig among the junk . a few old paintpot . murky turpe . finally he locate a paintbrush , sit in a tin of paint . Max jerk the brush out , see it 's stick in a chunk of congeal paint . he grab the turpentine and drop the paintbrush in it ... then , spy a * tire stick out from beneath a sheet ... Max cross the garage and whip off the sheet , revealing a fire truck red Heritage springer . max you dirty old bugger . tor ext . driveway ~ later 728 Max inspect the bike . check for oi1 and gas , drive shaft . tries to turn it over , it will not start . battery 's go flat . he head to the garage for a extension cord ... to recharge . 72c 09/19/2005 41 . int . garage - second later 723 Max pass the turpentine ... and discover he paintbrush be go . max what the hell ..? ext . outside le cave - day 72c duflot sit in the sunshine , leisurely share he lunch with tati . on he head , a traditional black beret . Max approach , game - face on . there , on the ground beneath he foot . the paintbrush . max the paintbrush . I be about to use it . you take it . why ? duflot c’est moi . it be my paintbrush . silence . max that 's the only paintbrush in the house . duflot there be a hardware store in apt . they sell paintbrush . ( sip he coffee . ) but , voila , it be close today . Max refuse to be beat . get he wallet out . max ok . this be fun . 1/11 give you ... 20 euros for it . duflot do not react . max no? fifty . ( no reaction ) Fine . I x11 give you a hundred euros for the brush . impasse . duflot munch he breakfast . 09/19/2005 41a . max ( leveling ) what do you want , duflot ? i duflot stand . : ot ) 09/19/2005 42 . duflot when you sell I stay vigneron . 1 keep my vine . Une contracte . Max do not blink . he regards he opponent . max you want to stay with you vine ? Fine . you help I fix up the place . do the garden , paint the house , help I with the pool . 72 hour of hard labor . you help I construct this .lie , and I -- if at ail possible -- will attempt to convince the new owner of the worth and value of you service and you immortal harvest . stare at Max . Studies he . duflot spit into he palm , and extend it to shake . duflot a frenchman 's hand be he word . Max spit a bigger hock into he own palm . max a englishman 's word be he bond . they shake , spit merge . duflot concorde . max deal . Max walk off ... wiping the spit on he pant leg ... max frog toaspot . duflot English prick . begin repair montage ext . bastide - back garden ~ next morning 72d cigarette dangle from he mouth , duflot be pruning a overgrown hedge with a vine sickle . 09/19/2005 42a. a break chair come fly out of a top window , crash to the ground , just miss he . Max stick he head out , hold back a smile , i 72 F 726 72h 721 09/19/2005 43 . ext . pool - next morning 72e duflot , up to he shin in slime , scoops up leave and mud , and dump they into a bucket . Madame duflot pull the bucket by rope , and unload the crap into a wheelbarrow . papa duflot , 80' , watch this procedure , somnambulant . int . henry 's bedroom - day 72f Max shove the heavy bed across the floor to caver a huge moldy patch . behind - it he -find a single stiletto shoe . he smile . place it on the mantel as if it be a museum piece . int . servant quarter - later 72g the wall be expose with old , rickety wood . ant be crawl everywhere . Max spray with insecticide . int . corridor - day 72h Max be throw a load of break tennis racket into black sack . he pull the basket they . be in away from the wall . he stop . on the wall behind they be paint cricket stump . max ( softly ) oh wow . flashback - rainy day 7ar Young Max come run down the corridor to bowl , release the ball and clear a wall shelf of about five vase , halfway down the corridor . they smash to the ground . Henry , smoking , be padded up in full cricket white at the other end in front of the stump . uncle henry ( loud ; calmly ) Wide ... the present , Max do a perfect '' D , K. lillee off-cutter . '' Hit the center stump . max howz that ! 73 09/19/2005 44 , int . top of staircase - day 725 Max , balance precariously on a step ladder , be busy roll whitewash over crumble , damp plaster . duflot pass below he . duflot it will not last a month , max that 's someone else 's problem . he slap on another coat . madame duflot ( 0.s. ) monsieur Max ! '' max be Pov - down the airshaft Madame duflot stare up , look uneasy . madame duflot there be ...a person , max a person ? madame duflot ( mot ione ) at the door . int . chateau le siroque - entryway 73 Max open the front door . stand there : a pretty blonde girl , 21 , with a backpack . she 's wear short , flip -flops , and a San Francisco Giants baseball hat . blonde girl {perfect french ) bonjour . je recherche le propriétaire du domaine . ( good morning . I be look for the owner of the estate . ) she amile , flash she blindingly white tooth . : max the only country that issue tooth like that be America . 09/19/2005 44a , blonde girl oh , you speak English ? max like a native . 09/19/2005 45 . blonde girl my name 's Christie Roberts ... I be look for Mr. Skinner . max and you have find he . christie ( chuckle ) impossible , you be way too young , max . ( sexual innuendo ) funny , I be just think the same about you . christie I mean too young to be my dad . Henry Skinner 's my father . clearly off of Max 's doubt and mistrust , Christie fish into she knapsack , unearth a photo , and hand it to Max -- insert - photo on golden gate bridge a late 50 's uncle Henry pose - with Christie 's mother , 20' , gorgeous , who wear a sexy , Jennifer beal , hang -off - the - shoulder sweatshirt , madame duflot ( 0.8 . ) she have henri 's nose ! Max turn -- Madame duflot be look over he shoulder at the photo . Max step out onto the landing , close the door behind he , shutting off Madame duflot . max that ' 's you mum ? christie ( proudly ) in all she flashdance - glory ... ( excited ) so be he around ? Max stop ... only now do he realize she do not know . max you do not know ? christie know what ? 7a 09/19/2005 max oh. right. ( pinch he nose ) uh. look , he sigh , look at she for some time . max sorry I have forget you name . : christie it 's Christie . max Christie . look Christie ... christie oh my God . he 's dead , be not he ? Max stop . slightly impressed at she intuition . max a month ago . Christie be crestfallen . eye welling up . max Cup of tea ? ext , bastide - minute later 74 Christie sit at the chess table , recover . pan with max as he emerge from the house with two cup of tea and a few sandwich . max so ... California ? christie ( sadly ) Mom be a tour guide in Napa Valley . that 's where she meet Henry . he take the tour one day and charme she pants off . literally . ( more ) 09/19/2005 47 . christie ( cont would ) by the time she realize she be pregnant , Henry be long go ... so she never tell he ... then wait i until last week -- my 21st birthday : ~~ to come clean with I . ( sigh ) totally unbelievable ... to come this far only to find out he 's .. - go . as Christie 's eye well up again -~- max : I think I x11 get something | stronger , : 75 ext . max 's Pov from above - minute later 75 ' Christie sit alone , sip a campari , eat a sandwich . | t5a int . uncle henry 's study - terrcae - same 715 a Max spy on she from above , on he celiphone , quietly conspire with Charlie in London . charlie ( 0.8 . ) ' this be more than a wrinkle , Max . i what if the girl turn out to be : legit ? max / she bowl up a couple of week after he cark it ? it 's too sweet : Charlie . I be not buy it . i charlie you need some legal advice , mate . and you need it fast , before the little nymph cut loose and make a mess of chateau Skinner . 76 ext . bastide ~ chess table - minute later 76 Max rejoin Christie , who 's admire the estate ... max ( look at watch ) listen , Christie , I have just get to pop into town . she stuff the rest of the sandwich in she mouth . 09/19/2005 47~a , cbristie ( gamely ; stand ) no prob . I book a youth hostel : in town ... just in case the old man be schitzo . ( more ) 09/19/2005 48. christie ( cont would ) you mind drop I ? I have really gotta get out of this clothes . max why not get out of you clothes here ? we have get ton of space ... room to spare . clean up . have yourself a shower . I x11 be back in no time ... ( loud ) Madame dulfot ! a guest ! christie wow , you sure ? max of course . Max flash a deliciously fake grin , as Madame duflot charge out to take care of Christie . int . maitre auzet' office - a bit later 77 Max pace the office , apoplectic . a auzet sit behind she desk , study the photo of Henry and Christie 's Mom . but she never even meet my uncle ! * | auzet under french Law , there be no difference between legitimate and illegitimate child when it come to they right to inherit . in theory , the girl would be entitle to sole ownership of the estate . max ridiculous ! she could be a imposter . auzet that be precisely why she would be require to produce some form of documentation -- a photo or even correspondence . if this be deem sufficient evidence , a DNA test would then be order to establish paternity . ho ok oe max dig the old boy up ?! bollock you will ! 78 09/19/2005 49 . auzet Mr. Skinner , you uncle henri be cremate . max ( off the hook ; relieved ) that 's right ... great . auzet however ... viable sample can be obtain from a old hairbrush , or even a lick stamp . max ( scheme ) suppose I be to sell the place ... before she file a claim ? auzet legally , she could invalidate a sale , even after the transfer of title . ( Max , at wit end ) but this be all asaume the girl wish to make a claim , perhaps she intention be harmless ? my advice be to treat she with the utmost respect and hope she will be on she way ... french courte have a way of favor the lesser dog ; do not make she one . max court ? ext , MAIN STREET - day 78 Max walk back to the smart car , he pull out into the main street . the street bustle with foot and bike traffic . Max stop and start . get stick on a narrow street . through the half obscure windscreen he spot fanny as she walk practically over he carry a tray . she serve a table , then cross back behind he to serve some table across the street . max Hell -bitch ...! moving with fanny hoe the ee ro er rr or + of 09/19/2005 49an. as she breeze back ingide the restaurant car horn honk behind Max and he have to move on , moving with max 09/19/2005 49a , as he park he midget car in the world smallest space . he jog back to she restaurant . wo sign of she , then ... she emerge , carry a tray and water jug . Max puff up he chest and march toward she . max Joan of Arc . she turn . a iridescent provencal beauty . he 's bowl over . fanny ah Jacques cousteau . 79 09/19/2005 50 . she walke straight past he , almost push he out the way . max you try to drow I , fanny and you try to run I over with you little car ! max what be you talk about ..? what do you mean I try to run you over ? panny down the road from La siroque ! you be drive you midget car on you phone -~ and , I believe , have you head stick very far up you ass ! look at the damage you have cause I ... 1 she pivot and yank up her skirt on one side , revealing : a enormous black - and-blue bruise adorn the most gorgeous cheek since eve. Max be a deer catch in headlight , along with the rest of the male patron of the cafe . fanny ( skirt down , at he again ) faite attention fou ! you try to kill I , I try to kill you . eh bien , c'est fini . she turn on she heel and march back inside , unaware that she skirt be stick in she underwear . Max watch she , transfix . a small car crash gently into a car in front . max my God . she 's fantastic . ext , garden - later . 79 Max stare at the pool which be crystal clear now , half - fill , water shimmer . papa duflot calmly skim the pool . Beyond he , Max see duflot , wear a white visor , on higher ground , pull a roller on the tennis court . thing be look good . christie ( 0.8 . ) hey Max ! Max look up . * * * 09/19/2005 51 . max 's Pov - third floor 80 Christie hang out the window . Hair wet , barely clothed , she must have just get out of the shower . christie ( earnest ) Max , I can not thank you enough for invite I to stay ... look at the view , it 's like cezanne country ! max ( dryly ) it be cezanne country . Christie notice a dish of moldy lavender on the sill Gross . she toss it out the window . hard CUT to : 81-84 omitted ext , tennis court - minute later 85 the court 's look good . duflot huff and puff with the roller . Max reflexively pick up a old brush and whisk the dust off the ancient plastic line , max ( cool ) duflot ...? this afternoon ... in town ... there be a -- duflot her name be fanny chenal . Max be stunne . how do duflot even know what he 's talk about ? Max continue to brush . duflot continue to roll on the other side ... at a distance ... duflot many time I have see this same look on you uncle 's face . Max be impressed by dulfot 's insight . duflot but you deserve special credit . 81~84 09/19/2005 5iaa. oh ? why ? 09/19/2005 sia. duflot * i you be now the town hero for * — make she show she derriere . * max * bloody hell , news travel fast . * dulfot carry on roll . * 09/19/2005 52 . now Max be rifling through a old box that have eroquet * - mallet and tennis racket in it . Max come forward with two ancient racquet , and ball . he stop in he track , as a- * memory have come flooding back to he . * max * she grow up here , do not she ? * a duflot * '' who ? . * max * fanny , * duflot * I believe so , yes . * max be she. ,..er ... otherwise speak for ? * duflot be now wind up the net . Max place the racket against the net measure the height , motion when to stop . ' duflot : she be . once ! a football player * : for lyon . he wag shit ... just like * he leave foot . and treat she badly . since then , it be rumor that she will let no man near she heart . they be now face each other across the net ... duflot Max , recall what proust say : ' leave pretty woman to man without imagination , 's max I be a banker , duflot . I have no imagination . Max lob a racket to duflot , which dufilot catch . Max point to he shirt . Fred perry insignia . max Fred perry . duflot smile like a crocodile and tip he white visor . . duflot henri lacoste . 87 09/19/2005 52a. omitted 86 hard CUT to : tennis court - wide shot 87 Max and duflot face off at opposite end of the court . the game begin . we witness a strenuous , comical , violent , dangerous , xenophobic game of tennis , culminate in Max 's match point , 88 ao 90 09/19/2005 53. max Match point , mate . duflot silent , await the serve . thwack ! Max deliver a ace , leave duflot stand . they stare in silence . Max and duflot appraise each other -- do we detect a moment of camaraderie ? the moment . be break by papa 's slow hand - clap , duflot bon. duflot walk off , with a sharp command -- duflot papa ! tati ! all follow , leave Max , sweaty , bloody , and enjoy the moment . int . bathroom - night 88 Max shower off . madame duflot monsieur max ! ( Max be startle by a dinner go ) diner ! omitted 89 int , dine room - minute later 390 Max enter and find a table set for two , shimmer beneath candlelight . a billie holiday record play . max Madame duflot , she 's my cousin. ( backpedal ) maybe . madame duflot ach ! half the aristocrat in France have liaison with they cousin ! Madame duflot leave for the day . a gnarly meal await Max : congeal foie gras , cold escargot , and worst of all -- a open bottle of La siroque wine . 09/19/2005 53a . i int . wine cave - evening 91 Max scan the rack of wine ... so many choice . nothing seem to strike he fancy ... until he hone in on one of the unlabel bottle of Le coin perdu . he snap it up ... sia 09/19/2005 54 . uncle henry's voice psst ... max~ -a-million . up here . max 's Pov ~ above he a ladder lead up to some scaffold , which run along the top of the three cement vate that ferment the wine . we be now in a flashback . max climb up the ladder , 91a following right behind he younger self ... he watch young max take he place next to uncle henry , who stand , arm akimbo , staring down into the macerating vat of wine ... uncle henry wear a straw hat , with a ring of burning candle attached to it . the flickering , fiery glow oscillate throughout the cave ... uncle henry tell I Max , what do you see down there ? young max 's Pov - into vat fill to the rim with bubbling , ferment red wine . young - max fervere . uncle henry ( confuse ) be you speak in tongue , boy ? young max ( confident ) fervere . it 's a Latin term . it means '' to boil . '' the native yeast in you cellar be convert the sugar inside the grape to alcohol , the release of carbon dioxide gas be what cause the bubbling effect . uncle henry I must be suffer from dementia , I do not recall ever have teach you that , young max you do not . that deflot guy explain it to I . t 09/19/2005 54a. uncle henry well do . prove the adage that wisdom can be find in the most unlikely place . ( more ) 09/19/2005 55 . uncle henry ( cont would ) to watch duflot on bend knee , do something as simple ag weed he soil ... there 's a magnificent poetry in he devotion to each and every grape . perhaps he ' 1l inspire you to find devotion in what you do for a live someday ? young max i want be a professional poker player when I grow up . ora comedian , uncle henry Max , ask I what the most important part of comedy be . young max what 's the most important part -- uncle henry ocutting in ) ~- timing . present , Max chuckle , as the reverie fade away . int . bastide - kitchen - minute later 92 Max enter . Christie be sit at the dining room table , already stuff she face with food . she 's change into comfy clothes -- boxer short , tank top , slipper . christie ( be : estate wine ) have you taste dad an wine ? max it 's bloody awful . christie so you know ? max to be fair , I be a cognac drinker by trade . he pop the cork of the Le coin . pour himself and Christie a taster . Max take a sip . not bad . of 09/19/2005 55aaa . Christie swirl , sniff , sip , trill , and swallow . / 09/19/2005 55a , christie mmmm. formidable ... ( taste again ) it 's extraordinary . like a bordeaux ... only velvet rather than wool ... max look who know a thing or two about wine ... 09/19/2005 56 . christie in Napa , we be know to gargle and spit on occasion ... she study the bottle ... as she check out the food , close up . ugh ! christie be this make here .. , on the estate ? max if it 's good , it can not be . she grab the Le coin perdu bottle and hold it up next to the La siroque bottle . they be shape differently . christie different bottle ... fhold up the cork ) same cork ... ( taste he coin ) completely different taste ... a little mystery , be not it ? max yes , well , Henry be a bit of a mystery himself . christie how so ? max he love England but live in France . he love woman but never marry . he love adventure and yet all my memory of he be within a hundred step of this very spot . christie be they good memory ? max no ... they be grand ... ( nostalgic ) Henry use to say : '' Max , there 's nowhere else in the world where you can keep busy do so little and enjoy it so much . '' Max look at he watch . max listen Christie , I have just get pop back into town . 09/19/2005 5é6aa , . to 09/19/2005 56a , christie second time in one day . sound to I like you have find yourself a girl . Max smile . she 's a sharp one . Christie scoops up a plate of food and abscond the bottle of Le coin perdu . christie ( be : the bottle ) for research ... bonsoir , cuz . max bonsoir , Christie , 93 94 95 09/19/2005 57 . Christie head upstairs . Max can not help himself ; hia eye follow she ass . int . car - moving - minute later 93 on the phone with Charlie . charlie ( 0.8 . ) hello ? max's voice Quick question , mate : be it illegal to shag you own cousin ? charlie only if she 's ugly . ext . town square - night 94 darken doorway . be Max smoking a cigarette ? move closer . no , it 's a lollipop . he 's lurking . max 's Pov ~ across the STREET the cafe . Max spy a overflow of people wait outside . he toss the lolly to the ground . ext . renaissance cafe - same 95 the place be pack and frantically busy . fanny buzze around the restaurant , placate diner who have not receive they entree yet , then assuage patron who have not be seat yet ... she have to brush past Max . , 09/19/2005 58 . max you food must be terrific because the service be shite , she look back . fanny please , monsieur , I be too busy to ignore you . max {as she pass ) where be all you waiter ? fanny look , I have my hand full without fun and game with you , comprend ? McDonald 's be in Avignon . cod and chip in marseille . she rush back to a complain diner , and Max can see : she 's helplessly swamp . in the kitchen fanny try to keep up with she order but she cook 's helper accidently drop a plate ... crash ! merde ! fanny take what 's ready out to see -- the dine room -~ Max , with he jacket off and shirtsleeve roll up , take order from patron . of course , he do not understand a word anyone 's say , but he do not let that deter he . fanny approach : max relax . I have do this before . fanny where ? he stop . max I work my way through University in London 's finest restaurant . a desperate chef ring a service bell and balance two beautifully present confection on top of a bouef en eroute . she have no choice . she grab both plate and thrust they into Max 's hand . 96 09/19/2005 59 . fanny okay , you can serve . but if there be any complaint , remember : in France , the customer be always wrong ... table six . and off they go , in different direction , commence : a montage of Max 's wait table . ' turn out he be not lie . he 's absolutely brilliant . his impression of a french waiter prove to be infallible , except for the slight shortcome of he inability to speak the language . max ( as one diner point to possible entree ) ++-mon ,..non...non , ..oui , c’est magnifique ... {te another ) ++ - 4vec ?... c%est tout ?... american man ( click finger ) garcon ! we be ready to order ! Max arrive to greet a american couple . american man my wife will have the nicoise salad , only she want it with lo- cal ranch dress , and toss in some bacon bit and crouton . I '1 ] have the lamb chop . well do . no butter . side of freedom fries -- Max snap the menus from they hand . max McDonald 's be in Avignon . cod and chip in marseille . fanny watch from afar , amused . int , renaissance cafe - later 96 the last customer have leave , the restaurant velaid for tomorrow , fanny divide the gratuity between she staff -- a pile . for the cook 's helper , a pile for the busboy . Max be sit outside , watch she . employee file out , pass Max , compliment he work . thumb up . accolade . fanny come out . er ee she move 09/19/2005 60 . fanny here be you tip ... thank you for you help . you be fire . off to stack chair ... max my vigneron say that you grow up here , in gorde ? fanny monsieur duflot be mistaken . I only visit gorde .during the summer , with my mother . max you know , I spend all my summer here too . and I feel we may have meet at some point ? fanny tf we do , I hope I be unbearable . max look , I know it 's late but I be think , maybe there be someplace I could spend my hard - earn tip on a drink or two , to say sorry . ( she look at he , sternly ) what ? fanny be you ask I on a date ? max no. no. just a drink . I mean I would like to prove I be not just a maniac who go around run people over . fanny I be not interested . max ( laugh ) why not ? fanny because I do not like you . + * eee ee of % she go back in . Max be impressed , of leftover red wine from beneath the sit thing out . 09/19/2005 60aa . produce a half - bottle table , and decide to 09/19/2005 60a. ext . renaissance cafe - hour later ~- dark 97 Max be patient . he wait outside for fanny to finally close up . she emerge , surprised to see he , but also unable to suppress a smile . she head to she car , which be park on the street ... max ( call out ) exactly what be it about I that you do not like ? fanny the fact that you ask , she get in . start the ear , then , lower she window .. , fanny Saturday night . 8:00 at the Grand chateau . do not be late . Max smile ... and watch she pull out . * * ek F et : 98b 09/19/2005 61 . ext . bastide - next morning 98 the estate look like a cezanne canvas : another gorgeous morning . Madame duflot sweep the courtyard . suddenly , we hear Christie scream from she room : christie ( 0.8 ) omigod : help ! scorpion ! Max charge into the room . max lavande ! lavdande| use he shoe , he stamp out the scorpion . he fish out the lavender dish from she garbage and slam it on the window sill . max lavande ! int . uncle henry's study - later 9 BA Max sit at he uncle 's desk , carefully examine the estate 's accounting record , - which be exceptionally neat , and all write in deep , green ink . behind he , the record player spin a Harry nilsson 45 . Madame duflot ig on she knee , scour the floor . Max throw some papers off the desk into a bin . he stop . he pick up a red waterman fountain pen and rolig it in he palm . he unscrew the pot of green ink and smell it . he smile . remember . flashback . uncle Henry on the couch , glass of wine on hig B stomach . at the desk be Young Max , grip the same pen , write in Henry 's checkbook , forging he handwrite . young max pay to the order of ... francois hupert , plumber . uncle henry how much ? young max 87 francs . uncle henry ( sigh ) sign ! 09/19/2005 61a . use uncle Henry 's real signature as a guide , Young Max flip it upside down , and copy the scrawl ... 09/19/2005 62 . young max h-e-n-r-y ... s-k-i-n-n-e-r. uncle henry who else , who else ...? young max ( rummage through bill ) the mechanic ? uncle henry ( stand to pour wine ) not a sou to that grease monkey ! the jag 's still cough up like you aunt midge . uncle Henry lean over admire the young forger 's handiwork . uncle henry you be a genius maximillian . you could be I . int . uncle henry's study - present , 39 Max put the pen back , wistfully . ( whisper ) you could be I . the next record drop . needle hit the groove . edmundo Ross . a rumba . Madame duflot start to subtly swing to the music . from behind , it look like the song be evoke a intense , emotional memory . max ( catch she eye ) do you ever miss my uncle , Madame duflot ? madame duflot he be a excellent dancer . Max smile . he think so . madame duflot Mr. Max ? you will come to we home . ,.manger ...ce soir . max oh , I do not know if that 's such a good idea , Madame duflot -- 160 09/19/2005 63. madame duflot bon . it be settle . I must prepare for you visite . Madame duflot exit in a frantic rush . ext . vineyard - morning 100 Christie sip coffee and wander the vineyard . she reach a wall of brush that mark the end of the property - line . then notice a small , arch - like open ... and walk through it , find herself beneath a canopy of dense tree . she advance toward a burst of light that flood through the outlet on the other side of the grove ... Christie finally emerge into the blind whiteness . when she eye adjust , she see she 's stand on yet another hectare of vine . oddly , this vine be not grow in dark soil , but be plant in gleam white , limestone rock . it 's otherworldly . - she kneel , and scoops up a wilted bunch of embryonic grape from the soil . inspect they .. , as she atroll up to -- a SMALL shed upon which a very old pony be tethere . Christie pick up some grass , which he feed on , lazily . duflot ( 0.s. ) } he be call ... syrah . Christie turna . duflot step out of the vine . christie ( in flawless french ) name after a grape ? how appropriate . duflot ah , vous parlez francais ? Christie nod . he take she hand . now in engligh -- duflot Francis duflot , vigneron . christie Christie Roberts , illegitimate daughter . b 09/19/2005 63a . duflot study the pretty , young girl 's face . the loss of Henry come rush back -- if only for a wounded moment ... 09/19/2005 64 . duflot : the resemblance to Henry be | unmistakable ... i ( look more closely ) the noge ! Christie touch she nose , start to get self - conscious . christie you know he well ? duflot ( nodd ) for twenty - three year I toiled i side - by-side with you father . i even now ... ( point up to heaven ; smile ) ..- he work from there ... point to the soil ) -.- and I from here . she stroke the pony . duflot syrah be bear the year I plant the vine ... but now they be both sad and tired . christie I have notice . many of they be withere ... ( glance around ) ... except here . duflot ( be : the hectare ) tei ? it be catastrophic ! nothing but rock and grief . christie ( point ; naively ) they be limestone . they absorb sunlight , then radiate heat at night to keep the vine warm . o£e he look of surprise . christie ( grin disarmingly ) I '' a wine brat . spend my summer work at a vineyard in California . 09/19/2005 65 . duplot they do not make wine in : California , they make Hawaiian mo punch . christie mondavi might argue that one . duflot : perhaps Henry 's daughter would be | interested in a personal tour of , i the vine ? ( put he .arm around she ) if we be lucky , he spirit will join we ... touched , Christie assent . still curious about the hectare , i she moteong into the limestone hectare , but duflot gently i tug she back -- duflot {in french} suivez- moi , this way ... duflot guide she back through the brush .. - away from the hectare , she throw a backwards glance : why do she get the feel he 's hide something ? 101 int . uncle henry 's bedroom - dusk 101 django reinhart ' 's '' time on my hand '' spill from the house . 102 ext . vineyard - dusk 102 dress in Henry 's best ( 7u' - era flare pants ) , Max amble through the vine , en route to duflot 's cottage . along the way , he pluck some wild rose from the vineyard to make a clean dozen ... his treo vibrate : max what 's happen , Charlie ? charlie ( 0.8 . ) the photo work like a charm , mate , offer be fly in like crazy . it 's time for I to be on - site . I book a flight and should be in tomorrow afternoon . max terrific . 1I '11 alert the staff . 104 106 09/19/2005 66 . ext . duflot' cottage - evening 103 for a peasant , duflot be do rather well for himself . his home be a provencal hacienda , make of pinkish concrete . in front be a meticulously landscape flower garden , and enough decorative ironwork to open a showroom . duflot await on he porch , dress in black trousers , a black shirt , and a big amile . France 's answer to johnny Cash . as Max cross the front garden -- bling ! -- a gaggle of plastic swan flash on , lighting Max 's path ... duflot monsieur Max ! bienvenu ! we must have a apero . allez , allez ... . and of course , no french greeting be complete without three kiss on the cheek . kias , kiss , kiss . omitted 104 * int . kitchen - second later 105 and then through the kitchen ... where Madame duflot be hard at work on dinner ... but not so hard at work that she can not greet Max with three kissegs -- madame duflot maxie , maxie , maxie ... welcome ! Max hand she the roge . madame duflot ah , merci ! tres jolie ! ext . terrace - evening 106 finally , duflot lead Max out to a small tile terrace , with a stun view of the vineyard and the luberon Valley . surprise -- Christie 's here too , stand by the rail , sip a pastis . she look gorgeous , she hair sweep up and a grow - up dress kissing she body , on a trolley , be a mess of appetizer , include a thick earthenware terrine of thrush pate , with the bird 's beak protrude from the dark meat . eee 09/19/2005 67 . duflot I hope you do not mind , I take the liberty of invite henri 's daughter to join we ... Max be slightly annoyed by how duflot so easily accept Christie as the real thing . duflot ( move off ) un moment . I will get you a pastis . Christie come over . she 's eat some pate on a cracker . christie bonjour cuz . kiss , kiss , kiss . max I see you have manage to ingratiate yourself with the help . ( be : sexy dress ) where have you get the Halston ? christie dad 's closet ... and actually it 's a Mary quant . max ( none the wiser ; be ; the woman who leave the dress behind ) I wonder what . she wear home . time cur 09/19/2005 68. ext . dine veranda - later 107 all be now buzze from pastis . ag Max and Christie sit , duflot make a tour of the table , pour everyone a glass of La siroque wine , while introduce the next phase of dinner . duflot a simple meal ... after a day 's work in the field .. ( point to each dish ) caviar d’aubergine ... cold puree of eggplant ... headless lark ... christie headless ? where be the head ? we do not , like , eat they already , do we ? duflot +..and finally ... civet of wild boar 'a la provence , marinate in red wine and blood press from the carcass . max why would one have it any other way ? duflot try to pour wine for papa , but papa rudely refuse in a unintelligible language , cover he glass with he hand , which get drench . he abruptly get up and walk to the kitchen . * 09/19/2005 69 . madame duflot ( laugh ) papa only speak provencal ; the language of mistral . duflot nladle the black casserole into plate ) very few still understand it . it be now practice exclusively by poet and sodomite . papa return to the table .with.another bottle of red -- Le coin perdu , and a corkscrew . but before he can undo the cork , duflot rise as if to scold a idiot child . duflot non , papa ! non} papa Le coin , Le coin ! both Max and Christie notice how duflot fight to stop the bottle from be open . but papa 's a tough old bugger -- and the fight devolve into a wrestle match ... duflot ( struggle and explain ) . Le coin perdu ... a local vin de garage . max vin de garage ? christie ( clarify ) it 's a garage wine . like a boutique wine . small vineyard , small production , seriously big price . duflot finally wrest the wine away ... as papa mumble to himself . duflot it be overrate . christie it do not say that on the web. ( to Max ) turn out Le coin perdu be a bit of a provencal legend . ( more ) of +e ok rf 09/19/2005 69aa . christie ( cont would ) it change hand among collector , * and still , nobody have any idea * where it 's grow , or who make it . * 108 09/19/2005 69a . duflot lock the bottle in a cabinet . duflot it be time for fromage . time CUT int . dine room - later 108 everyone be swollen , drunk , and loud ... there 's the cheese plate ... and great wedge of tarte aux pomme . , and diamond - shape , almond biscuit ... - Christie look anaesthetize . duflot make another tour of the table , pour glass of a pale , oily liquid ... fuel for Max 's irritation . christie what be it ? } 09/19/2005 70 . duflot Marc de provence . I make it myself . madame duflot ( to Christie ) it be you father 's recipe ! max ( fuel ; irritate and jealous ) tell we Madame duflot : what be it that make you . s@- sure she be Henry ' 's child ? madame duflot ( gesture ) but of course , the nose . max besides that ? a awkward silence as Madame duflot can not answer . Christie be irritate at be discuss like this . max come on , there 's must be something , anything -- besides that lovely snout -- that can help corroborate she claim ...? {to all ) I mean , do Henry ever discuss California ? or a woman in California ? any drunken moment of candor where he mention offspring ? I mean , seriously , the last person Henry would breed with be a american . duflot shrug , interrupt . duflot ( serious observation ) sadly , in this moment , I see more of Henry in the girl than I do in you . all eye turn to Christie , who somehow barely maintain she dignity . Max now openly jealous . she stand , as if about to make a important announcement , and hold onto the table for balance . ee er re * ree 03/19/2005 christie ( hurt ) Max , all I care about be learn about my father ... ( more ) 70aa . 09/19/2005 christie ( cont would ) this be my chance to find out who make I ... and I do not give a rat 's ass if you believe who I be or not ... 70a . 109 and with that : christie monsieur and Madame duifot . thank you for a lovely evening . madame duflot papa will walk you back . christie 09/19/2005 71 . no , merci . the vine will guide I home . Christie exit ... leave a silence . duflot look to Max : duflot ( friendly ) Max , it be time to talk business . you and i. cigar . ext . terrace - . second later x 109 Max and duflot have return to the terrace with Marc and montecrist . papa be somnambulant in the background . * / max partnership ? you must be bark mad . duflot ( offer a glass ; as if a answer ) more mara ? Max shake he head . max duflot , I look at the book this morning . cashflow report . Capital expenditure . Net income . this place have not show a profit in a decade -- and it baffle I how Henry manage to afford lamborgini tractor and red harley 's s. duflot ( shrug : e’est la vie ; but uncomfortable ) Henry ... he be tre inventif , he always find a way . 09/19/2005 71a . max 8000 bottle per hectare , multiply by 11 hectare , divide by you wholesale price per case , with a 30 % sell - back ratio , lead to a pre-tax loss of approximately $ 23,000 euros a year ... for ten year . inventive , very . believable , no . duflot ( uncomfortable with Max 's diligence ) it be true that we have experience some difficult year . but that be not the point , Max ... you uncle ... he be someone special . un gentilhomme . for I , to start again , with someone new ? non . my heart will not take this change . max my stomach will not take anything below true market value . duflot Max -- I be prepare to invest everything I have to replant the vineyard . " I offer you 50,000 a year ... without break a finger . ae eh eee HH ee * fof eee 110 lil 09/19/2005 72 . max duflot , I be a banker . there 's no indication in that record that this vineyard can support that kind of money ... not to mention , my estate agent be come down tomorrow afternoon to present I with offer . probably nothing less than two to three million euros . two mile be life -changing , 50k , before tax , be loose change ... Max sense duflot 's desperation . max ( soothing ) Francis ... I have already give you my word that I would press the new owner to accept you as a essential part of the whole deal . I be sorry ... ( rise ) thank you for dinner . bonsoir ... Max get up . exit . duflot , defeat . papa be look off in the darkness to the vine , as if he be listen to they talk ... papa burp . papa asshole . duflot yes , he be . papa not he . you . omitted 110 ext . limestone hectare - night - moving with max 111 Max stumble home through the vineyard , plaster . he suddenly find himself walk over rocky terrain ... and stop to take it in , he 's never see this part of the vineyard , and beneath the moonlight , he try he . best to absorb the lunar- like terrain ... then , he see Christie , wander ( and limping ) in the wrong direction , one shoe in she hand . * ob ee ee ee * tee 112 09/19/2005 73. max what the hell be you do ? christie lose my shoe . Max consider leave she there , but then think better . ext . vineyard - night - minute later . 112 Christie piggyback on Max , hold onto she dangle espadrille , which swing with Max 's every inebriated step . christie ( upset ) Max ? why can not Henry be my dad ? max because now that he 's back in my life , I do not want to share he . christie so you really do not believe I , then ? max Christie ...my uncle put the kama in sutra . which be a long way of say he be a womanizer . and by the look of that photo , you old lady have some fun in she salad day . : christie ( irritate ) be you say she be loose ? max no -- no , I be say that Henry be . christie Max , I know you parent die when you be young . ludivine tell I . my Mom be a only child and I grow up without a dad too . do not it matter to you that I might be the only blood relative you have ? max yes , it do matter . that 's why I want to be sure . ee er ro rf ee er er oe ** Christie grab a few grape as she pass at they . 09/19/2005 73aa . by a vine . look 09/19/2005 christie in this part of the vineyard ... he 's pruning the vine ... ( point ) see ali the dead grape on the ground ? it 's way too much work for a shitty table wine ... Max , I think that duflot guy 's up to something . max that ' 's patently obvious . 730 . ee ro ee 09/19/2005 74 . int . bastide - foot of the stair - later 113 on she foot now , Max guide Christie to the foot of the stair . she stop he by flirtatiously take he hand . she * take off she other shoe . * christie ( mimick Madame duflot * as if she hear ) * you know Max , half the aristocrat in France have liaison with they cousin . her eye slightly droopy , Christie sway in ... as if to kiss * Max ... Max consider this opportunity . but before he can * reciprocate , Christie 's body language change ... and she go * limp ... fast asleep in he arm . * max * now you be start to act like * Henry 's daughter . * Max scoops she up and head up the stair ... int . christie 's bedroom -- same 114 Max have tuck she in . Studies she face , look for sign of Henry in she . Max can not help himself . the booze have open he up . he brushes the hair away from she eye ... max . this be my room when I be a boy . ( look areund ) God , I love be here with he ... no bedtime , no chore , and best of all , no squabbling adult ... I * never tell he , but that summer save my childhood . as he head for the door -- christie thanks a million , Max -a-million . Max stop . frozen . can not speak . no one ever call he that , except ... uncle Henry . fade to black : j | 116 117 09/19/2005 75 . ext . front court - next morning lis Max lie on the bench , go through more of the estate 's * accounting record . his treo ring . he sit up and * answer ... * int. lustig bank - day 116 amis , Max 's nemesis be on the phone . amis Max , my boy , so sorry to hear you be out . int . front court - continuous 117 max {now alert ) afraid you intel 's wrong amis -- but then again , you always be at the back end of the conga ... by the way , I forget to thank you for you generous contribution to my retirement fund . amis you have cross the line one too many time , Skinner . and as far as lb 's concerned , it 's open season on you and yours . amis hang up , leave Max just a little bit tweak ... just ag ... a smart BMW coast down the driveway toward the house . Max walk toward the car ... second later , a elegant man , 50' , emerge . he have a quaffed grey goatee and wear a silk ascot and blue blazer with gold button . max can I help you ? man ah , oui , anglais ... I be Jean - Marie brunier . no reaction from Max . a 09/19/2005 76 . man I be contact by nathalie auzet ... to test the vine . max ( after a beat ) the cenologue ?! montage sequence ... 118 int . cave - day 118 Jean - Marie use a syringe to suck out some wine from one of the oak barrel . he taste , then spit onto the cellar floor . Max watch closely . his treo ring . max gemma . Long time ! 118a int . london - lawton brother - same gemma be on she headset -- gemma , Max , I have just have a vision of you serve Kenny a latte at Starbucks . max get comfortable in my absence , be he ? angle on - kenny as he order Max 's team around like he 's now the boss . kenny now hear this : we be not here for the dental plan ! 118b int . cave - same gemma he 's even take credit for you trade this week ... tell everyone in the office that he be the one who give you the idea . 118a 118b xe * ke ee tne 119 120 121° 09/19/2005 7é6a . max * gemma , if he be not a backstabbing * runt , I would have never hire he . * gemma , * but Max -- * max * a tout a l’‘heure , gemma , * hang up . * max * ( to Jean -marie ) * well ? * he spit wine out of he mouth , nearly hit Max . * jean-marie piquette . ( awful . ) ext , vineyard - day 119 Jean - Marie inspect the leave on the vine . rip a few off , study they coloring , smelis they . jean-marie maladie . ( Disease . ) ext . vineyard - day 120 Jean - Marie walk down a row of vine , pull off a single grape from each one ... until he have collect a hundred . he place they all into a plastic bag , mash the grape with he hand , and taste the mushy liquid -- pit , skin and all ... he then scrape some of the mush into a refractometer ... which look like a telescope . he hold the mush up to the light to analyze it . jean-marie pas terrible . ext . vineyard - day 121 Jean - Marie scoops up some soil . , .rub it in he hand , spit into hig hand and create a clay- like substance . jean-marte fiente. ( then translate ) chickenshit . 09/19/2005 7e6aa . eran 122 123 09/19/2005 77 . close shot ~ on max as he eye drift to the wall of tree that Christie mention the night before ... ext . canopied tree path - second later 122 Max lead Jean -marie through the darken tree corridor ... ext , limestone hectare - day 123 Max survey the patch . wow . it look amazing . Jean - Marie finish inspect the vine and come to Max . jean-marie ( arregant to have he time waste ) more like a quarry than a vineyard ... ( kick some stone ) one might as well try to grow asparagus in the sahara ... max look very well - keep to I ... ( point to grape ) why be all that grape bunch on the ground ? jean - marie vendage vert . you cut off two of every three bunch so what 's leave get all the nourishment . max if the land here 's so bad , why go through all that trouble ? jean-marie perhaps a peasant 's last attempt to salvage what he could ? it be like take one 's time while cooking Le Mac . the end result will always be Le Mac . max so then what 's the verdict ? pen 09/19/2005 _ jean-marte ( officioug ) the soil be devoid of even the most basic minerale . the vine themselves be far too degrade to produce a respectable grape ... ( more ) '' tta . 124 12 09/19/2005 78 . jean-marie ( cont would ) in summary , it be my professional opinion that -- despite you vigneron 's admirable attempt effort -- this terroir be beyond help ... frankly , you might consider grow potato or squash ? ( then ) I will have my office fax the report to miss auzet 's office this afternoon , ... Jean - Marie walk off . Max , beat , speechless . ext . vineyard - minute later 124 Max drift back to the bastide , and see papers and letter blow along the ground -- max be Pov - at the pool Christie lie on she stomach on a chaise lounge , suntanning , fast asleep . beside she be a few old shoe box . she be go through Henry 's letter , photo , etc ... but the breeze have sweep some of they from the box . a few be even float in the pool ... ext . pool - second later 125 Max angrily slap wet papers onto Christie 's back , waking she . max wakey , wakey , beach Bunny . ( she open she eye ) what do you think you be do ? that 's Henry 's private stuff . christie do you know that dad mix a martini for Winston churchill ? he also dance a waltz with Amelia earhart ... in 1975 ! Max snap the diary out of she hand , max Christie -- do you want to know about the real Henry Skinner , not the one manufacture by you overactive imagination ? ( more ) so of * er rh 09/19/2005 778a . max ( cont would ) Henry Skinner be a man so afraid : of commit to the real world , . ' that he retreat to a worthless i chateau to drink and shag he way to a lonely end . Max be immediately upset with himself for say this . * christie everything I need to know about my_ dad be right here ... right in front of I ... ( sweep she hand across the estate ) and if this place mean as much to he as I think it do , then you be worse than I think for even think about sell it ... ( then ; stand ) I ' il leave tomorrow . ee Christie huff into the house , she back redden from too much sun ... xe 09/19/2005 79 . ext . pool - later 126 Max , miserable , be collect the photo and papers . he notice a few stray one have make they way to the pool . he grab the skimmer and scoops they up . one of they have familiar handwrite ... he . he spread the wet letter on the flat flagstone and read ... max ( v.o . ) '' Henry . hope you be do you stretch for another summer of tennis and rumba . bad news -- I be stick here at the bank . no holiday for intern . I get the watch , Henry . that really wag too much . 1946 patek phillipe . only . the best ! it certainly put I way ahead of the Jones 's around here . I have move up from be the coffee boy . my sense of humor be not appreciate , so I just keep my mouth shut . I be go to have to streamline my attitude and sharpen my claw if I be go to get ahead . for all the pressure , it 's still a dark and I be all - about that . maybe next summer ? keep the cohibas moist . Max -a- 1 /4 -a million . '' then , Max come upon a photo ... and double-take . he look clogely : it 's duplicate of Christie 's photo ! shit ! he flip the photo around . ee ee ee 127 09/19/2005 80 . scribble in green ink in he uncle 's write it say : '' alison Roberts . the San Francisco treat . '' int . uncle henry 's study - minute later 126a Max compare the duplicate photo side - by-side with the one that Christie bring . they be a perfect match ... he be stunne . Max 's treo ring . max Charlie ...? charlie' voice how 's it go , old boy ? work hard on the house ? max ( cover ) at it since daybreak . true sense of accomplishment . charlie really ? I hate to think of you toil down there all alone . max we be English , Charlie . we be bear to rule and sacrifice . where be you ? Max look out the window and see Charlie stand in the center of the garden , take everything in . he 's dress in a double - breast blazer , pale grey flannel , and a Panama hat . . charlie ( loudly ) max , take my original estimate and shove it up my arse ! if I can ’t get you five million I ’m in the wrong sport ! Max violently gesture to Charlie to keep he voice down ! Christie may be eavesdropp -- and she be ... from she attic window . ext . pool ~ a little bit later 127 . Max and Charlie sit at the chess table . Max hag obviously download Charlie on the oenoloque 's assessment . * hl | 09/19/2005 g8oaa . charlie it 's a disaster . you frog wine man may well have knock a '' for - you '' off we sale price . max ( business mode ) best approach now be to dump the thing as fast as we can , for as much as we can ... but do not forget , duflot 's include . 09/19/2005 boa . 12 k 09/19/2005 charlie I will do my best ... provide , of course , that you cover my travel expense ... and a nominal per diem , say , 100 euros a day . smiling , Charlie 's in a '' win-win . '' max you tight - fisted jockey . charlie ( look around ) now then ... what 's on the agenda ? Steak frite ? bottle of ricard ? a evening game of bridge ? max Real man do not play bridge , Charlie . they do not play bridge and they do not dregs like Richard attenborough . ( point to he outfit ) loosen up for God 's sake . Max get up . charlie where be you go ? max obligatory ! cultural activity with a old friend , charlie ( disappointed ) so that 's it , then ? you be abandon you best mate here , all alone ? max who say you be my best mate ? and who say you be alone ? Max point upstairs to Christie 's room , where she dregs in breeze , drying . off Charlie 's look of unease ... ext . village - evening lote of car be park in all conceivable place : on sidewalk , in driveway , on patio . 81 . flap 128 / | | Max maneuver he un '' massive , dense , plei unele 's concoction . bottle of Le coin pe the Grand chateau , a 03/19/2005 81aa . cle 's motorcycle and park it beneath a n tree . he look dapper , in one of he he climb off the bike , pull out a rdu from the pannier , and head toward 's he dial a number ... eet re int . london - lawton brother - same Kenny 's cellphone ring . he answer . 09/19/2005 81a . 129 09/19/2005 82. i ; | | kenny hello ? max ( 0.s , ) Kenny , it 's you role model . kenny Max ? we think you be dead ... why be you call I on my mobile ? 130 ext . STREET - same 130 * : max keep you voice down , and whatever i you do , do not look like something big 's about to go down ... I want you to start sell 20 - year gilt short at 99.10 . kenny . Jesus , Max , that 's risky as hell ... we could seriously piss off i the market -- ' max Monday 's auction be go to trade | like a turd . you want to hunt with | the dog or sit on the porch with 1 the pup ? do as I say , and keep my i fingerprint off it . clear ? be , | we , clear ? : alright , Max . Kenny hang up and quickly jump on the squawk box . kenny yeah , it 's Kenny over at lawton ... 131 int . lustig bank - amis 's office - day 131 as a trader duck he head in to inform amis : trader someone 's short Monday 's gilt issue . amis ( foam .at the mouth ) Skinner ! not this time , you miserable sad ! 09/19/2005 82a . 133 134 09/19/2005 83. int . bastide - kitchen - evening 132 Charlie , now in hig monogramm slipper , face dinner alone . he sit at the table , eat pate , salad , etc ... he take a sip of La siroque wine . make a face . charlie good God , that 's awful . tastes like a gendarme 's sock . christie ( 0.8 . ) ( weakly ) anyone there ? hello ? Charlie hope the cry will go away , but they do not . christie anyone ! please ! int . staircase - second later 133 Charlie climb the stair , tentatively . Christie peek down ... christie who 's be you ? charlie ( £rozen ) ch -- cha -- char -- Max 's friend . christie okay , listen '' Max 's friend , '' I need you to get up here and tell I what my back look like ... int . christie 's room - second later 134 Christie be lie on the bed , bareback , face down , a washcloth cover she butt ... her back be completely toast . Charlie hover above , nervously . charlie Max do not say that ... you be ... american . christie California . bear and breed . 09/19/2005 3a . charlie i really ? I absolutely adore : Californians . ask anyone ... _ 7 ( then ; to she back ) : ( more ) . : t 09/19/2005 84 , charlie ( cont would ) well , love , right now , you back be approximately the color of a ripe pomegranate . christie bummer . okay , you better check the medicine cabinet for some aloe ... and if there be not any , some aspirin and a big bucket of ice 'il do . charlie righty ho ! on the job -- 1 Charlie move to leave -- christie ( hold she hand out without turn over ) i by the way , I be Christie . i charlie ( reach to shake ) how do you do , Christie . i be Charlie . christie Love you accent . 135 int . staircase - same 135 as he quickly go down the sstair -- charlie Love you bum . 136 omitted 136 * 137 omitted 137 * 138 ext . chateau - evening 138 a lush , grassy field ... with old tree anchore to the ground by thick , entangle root . a flow water garden ripple beneath the reflection of the dip summer sun . ornate candelabra light the area with a flicker glow . 09/19/2005 85 . it 's a posh crowd , buzzing with talk and laughter . couple jay on blanket , picnick with wine and food , surround a black steinway piano , a violin , a cello , and a bass . a enormous , iridescent movie screen , attach to tree by invisible wire , appear to levitate above the ground . Max thread he way through the crowd . suddenly . there. in a slip of a dress and a sparkle array of jewelry -- look captivate ... be fanny . he take she in . s.as she unpack a delicate display of food onto a white cloth on the grass . Max be enchant . max ( emile ) have I mention you be a vision ? 09/19/2005 fanny oui . from the bottom of the pool , when you be peek up my skirt . they kiss three time ag Max laugh . max ( be : food ) why do not you let I serve ? fanny {a warning ) I have already fire you once this week . sit , Max follow order and sit . he get to work open the bottle of Le coin perdu . fanny he coin perdu ? I have never actually see a bottle . max you have hear of it ? fanny it 's very expensive ... be you try to seduce I , Max ? max it hadn not think of it . fanny ( smile ) there 's something you should know about I , Max ... I be very , very choosy . max well I be very , very honore . fanny ( challenging ) i be also very very suspicious . very very irrational , and I have a very , very short temper . max do not promise I a evening of suspicion and irrational anger if you can not deliver . I have be hurt that way before . £ fre eh * tte hoh er ee omne 09/19/2005 86~. _ fanny I be also extremely jealous and slow to forgive . just so you know . she serve he canape . max well , this promise to be a lovely evening . a quartet and a pianist enter to applause . a silent movie begin project . they begin to play ... | L 140 141 09/19/2005 87 . ext . village - night 139 a storm be approach . lightn cut through the dark sky , violently fracture it into jag piece . Thunder rumble through the valley ... int . christie' bedroom - night - outside it rain 140 Charlie anxiously slide a ice cube over Christie 's back : she 's shiver from the cold . they 's be bond ... charlie oh , forget Paris . the whole city be close for the summer -- you would be lucky to find the subway open , christie I gotta go somewhere next . omuse } maybe Venice ? charlie sinking , be the rumor . plus , one false step and you be in a canal , be run over - by gondolas ... ( hard sell ) now London , on the other hand , have it all ... include you own personal tour guide ... moi , christie uh , Charlie . charlie yes , love ? christie hand off my ass . charlie ( sputtering ) oh ~- terribly sorry -- ext . chateau - courtyard - night 141 Max and fanny be sweep up in the music ... nature comply with art , and it begin to rain . for 142 09/19/2005 88. this be no ordinary rain , though . in second , it 's a torrential assault from the heaven . worker scramble to cover the piano with a tarp , as people scatter to find shelter in the chateau . , .or in they nearby car . ext . tree - night 142 Max and fanny rush to Max 's motorcycle , which be park beneath the tree , the tree 's leave be dense enough to shield they from most of the rain ... . fanny tell I , Max ... why do you lose touch with henri ? max how do you know we lose touch ? fanny oh , he often express great sadness ; as though all he teach you have be lose . max you know he ? fanny as a woman live here , it be impossible not to know he . Max assume the worst . max ( anxious ) you and he do not ... rumba--? fanny no. Max , relieved , fanny ( just joke ) but of course I try . Max chuckle . max Henry be the only person I have ever love ... ( melancholy ) and I could not even find the time to send the old bugger a postcard . ( more ) * max ( cont would ) for the life of I , I can not work out why I stop come here , love this place . ( nostalgic ) ( more ) 09/19/2005 I 88aaa . ob ob 09/19/2005 88a. max ( cont would ) Henry use to say : '' Max - a-million , there 's nowhere else in the world where you can keep busy do so little and enjoy it so much ... '' ee eh fanny , bemuse , watch he . * i ! 09/19/2005 panny you always wear you hair like it be now , do not you ? max that 's right . fanny and when you be little , you wear short pants and t-shirt with orange and brown stripe ? max ( hopeful ) yes ! fanny ( then ) no , I do not remember you . Max kiss fanny . omitted 89 . 143 90 . 03/19/2005 144 omitted 146 1a7 09/19/2005 91 . int . max's bedroom - night 145 Max and fanny tear off they clothes , unable to keep they hand off each other .. - fall onto the bed , a tangle of damp , naked body ... as we ... fade to black . ext . LA siroque - next morning 146 the rain have stop . drip , drip , drip ... the estate dry itself off in the rise sun ... int . uncle henry 's bedroom - same 147 Max be fast asleep . fanny be tiptoeing out of the bedroom , clothes in she hand . suddenly , we hear Charlie scream from he room : charlie ( 0.s. ) for the love of GOD ! scorpion ! Max wake ... catch fanny halfway to the door . - fanny ( embarrassed ) I must go to work . max be not that usually the bloke 's line ? fanny catch , sit on the edge of the bed . Max sense that * something be off . * fanny Max , do you know the reason I spend the night with you ? max : devastate sexual technique ? fanny ( smile ) no ... it be because once you have * do what you come here to do , you * will not return . for we , there can be no future ... there be safety in * that , n’est - ce pas ? * 09/19/2005 91a. Max study fanny : obviously she 's have some hurtful cataclysm in she romantic past . : 09/19/2005 92 . max nothing 's prevent we from move * you cafe to notting Hill . God know London could use a decent bistro . fanny how typical . of assume that I live in provence because I have no choice . max * I only mean -- * ( stop himsel£ ) * fanny ... this place ... it do not fit my life . fanny no Max , it be you life that do not fit this place . ( she kiss he ) * au revoir . she exit .. , leave Max in a state of anxious turmoil , ext . tennis court - morning 147a Max sit on a wooden bench on the sideline , depressed , contemplative . Charlie wander onto the court , hair wet , in @ robe , hold a stack of document . charlie where 's you diving board ? max ( notice the contract ) * how would we do ? charlie I no be lie if I say the * cenologue 's report do not hurt we . * beat . max I think I be in love with she , Charlie , charlie I do not blame you , mate , she 's a goddess -- even if she as you cousin . 09/19/2005 93. max not Christie , you twat , fanny . charlie oh . max Charlie , I have be think . maybe I should not -- Charlie snap into crisis -mode , know full well where Max be head ... charlie Max , right now you have get the scent of eau du french girl on you body ... but after a cold shower ... max .t could use it as my pie - a - terre ... a vacation getaway . charlie do you remember what happen when you mentor take he first vacation in fifteen year ? max I steal he job . charlie Max Skinner do not do weekend , and he do not do vacation . he make money . so do what you do best Max ... he plop the contract on Max 's lap . a gust of white pissenlit flower swirl around Max and Charlie . .. look like the provencal version of a snow storm ... without even look at it , Max sign the contract . max ( relieved ) you 'il stay to sort the new owner ...? charlie as long as you be payin’ , I be stayin’ . Max stand . then remember : tee of * of ee rk eee eh * } : i max what about duflot ? keep he on . make gure 09/19/2005 they 93a . 148 148a 09/19/2005 94 . charlie itry . they say no . damn , Max be hope to avoid a messy end ... ext . limestone hectare - pay 148 Max wander past syrah ...to a lonely place in the vineyard , where he stop ... we be now in a flashback ... young duflot ( 2ux ) be on 148a bend knee , weed the soil . Young Max spy on he from behind the vine ... and can hear he sing the lilt aria '' flower song '' from carmen . duflot La fleur que tu m'avais jetée . dan mar prison m'était restée . uncle Henry appear ... and kneel beside to Max . young max why 's he sing to they , uncle Henry ? uncle - henry Max , the terroir need more than sun and rain ... more even than the loving hand of a winemaker ... it need harmony . it need balance . Henry stand up and young Max follow . they start to walk side - by-side , .. row by row ... _ henry you see , Max , balance in wine be as elusive as balance in life ... in life , it require a heart that can listen . notice , Max , the first four letter of heart be h-e - a - xv ... take note : since a balanced wine can only be produce by a balanced vine -- it stand to reason that a balanced life can only be produce by a balanced man . it be therefore you charge , boy , to find that which bring harmony to you terroir , take hold of it , and never ... ever ... let it go ... we be back the present ... . 149 Max be now upon duflot , weed the soil ... 09/19/2005 who be on hig hand and knee , 940 , 09/19/2005 95 . duflot . * my whole life , people laugh at I for sing to my vine ... I explain that , someday , the vine would sing back ... ( beat ) here , they finally have ... ( stand ; razor sharp eye ) , you do not know what you be do . * max what be you talk about ? duflot ( passionately ) * : toi. Le coin perdu . * i duflot take a bunch of grape from the vine and crush * i they in he fist , juice spilling all over he ... * : max * i that 's impossible . the oenologue * i say -- * | duflot * ' the oenclogue be pay to say that ! * ' Max , paralyze . . * duflot * we think that if you believe La * siroque have no value , you would * | leave thing as they be . status * ' quo . * : max * : we ? * : duflot * i this vine -- they be illegal . * you uncle and I need someone who * could help find loophole to slip * through . a notaire ... * max * ( dawn on he ) * auzet ?! * duplot * she be a clever woman . over time * she become the negociant for Henry * and myself . * ( more ) 09/19/2005 95aa , duflot ( cont would ) and now she be my partner ... she * be merely try to protect we secret , * * 09/19/2005 958 , Max , aghast . max why do not you tell I about this ? why do not you trust I ! ee duflot Max , would you trust you ? ( ouch ; that hurt ) you uncle always intend to leave the estate to you ... but he worried about what you have become , '' my nephew be selfish , " he use to say . '' '' how can I give la siroque to a man who can not even appreciate the simple pleasure of life ? " so it be never write . alas , fate snatch he before he could decide what to do ... ere rr ee rh max ( more or less devastate ) ».. and I have sell it . * ee duflot ( philesophic ) then you have do the very thing you uncle fear you would do . you have sell he spirit to the high bidder , Max . and betrayed the only man who ever care for you ... ex ht ee * duflot pick up a stone -- duflot * here , Max . here be Henry 's f- you money ... * ~- and lob it at Max , who catch it . 149 a 09/19/2005 96 . abruptly , duflot walk off ... the camera close in on max ... who stand among the vine . a gentle breeze blow across the vineyard , flutter the leave ... int / ext . smart car - moving - day 149a Max drive , and notice Christie walk along the side of the road , she knapsack on she back . Max lower the window , and slow down . max where you head ? christie not exactly sure . max at you age , that 's the best destination ... ( then ) how ' bout a lift ? christie ( be : small car ) where would I sit , the glove compartment ? Max smile . christie I no rather walk . max here ~ - Max hold out the copy of '' death in Venice . '' max you never finish . christie it 's you book , Max , you keep it , max I want you to have it ... come on . the end may surprise you . she take the book , stuff it into she bag ... max Christie ? ee ek oe +e th * 09/19/2005 96aaz . a long silence ... 151 152 09/19/2005 96a , max you do have he nose ... they hold eye on each other . max au revoir ... christie ( touch ) au revoir , cuz . Max pull out . reverse shot - on christie we be move away from Christie ... and as she recede , we begin to hear ... uncle henry 's voice dear Max , .. I know it 's be many year since we last speak , but T find myself in a bit of a jam and i be afraid I need you help ... omitted 150 int . marignane airport - day 151 Max stride through the terminal toward the check - in counter . uncle henry' voice the thing be , Max old boy , I be die ... I know this because Dr. Khan , my physician , hag stop talk about my health and begin discuss the weather ... ext . limestone hectare - day 152 duflot wander through the vine beneath a parasol , deflate . tati follow , deject . * ree eh et er et 09/19/2005 96aa . | uncle henry's voice convince that death , like all * tradesman , would be unable to find * my front door ... * 153 154 155 156 157 09/19/2005 97 . Madame duflot appear from the vine and take she husband 's arm , try to console he . omitted . 153 * ext . marignane airport - runway - day 154 a jet speed down the runaway ... uncle henry's voice ... and have always believe will * to be write invitation to the reaper , I find myself impell to impress ' upon you kindness ... + + , and take off into the cloudless sky . ext . avignon train station - day 155 Christie geta out of a sputtering renault , and wave goodbye * to the people who drop she off . ( obvioualy she hitched * a ride . ) * uncle henry 's voice I have a daughter ... ' her name be Christie Roberts . sadly , we have never meet ... int . renaissance cafe - day 156 dinner rush . for a moment , fanny look over to where Max be the other night , help she as a waiter . a moment of regret ... uncle henry 's voice her mother 's name be alligon . she be a tour guide at a tiny vineyard in Northern California . int . tgv speed train - same 157 * the train be just pull out of the station . Christie wobble up the aisle , find a open seat , and place she bag on the rack above she . she reach into she bag and pull out she book , '' death in Venice .? something fall out , a envelope , with she name on it . ee re 158 159 166 09/19/2005 98 , uncle henry '’s voice Max , I should like you to find she ... and to thig end I should like to leave she what ig rightfully hers ... int . heathrow - day 158 a driver hold a card that read '' Skinner . '' Max exit with a crowd of people ... and motion to the Driver ... uncle henry 's voice I hope this decision do not hurt you feelingg -- and as successful as you be -- you do not need it . .f hope you understand , ext . LA siroque - day 159 a crumble mess of beauty , glisten beneath the magic hour light . Charlie , dress in a erisp suit , greet a middle - aged french couple , who climb out of a silver mercede . the new owner . charlie delighted to meet you , Mr. and Mrs. bouffard ... the shake ) unfortunately , there 's be a slight , how shall fr say , wrinkle with the sale . mr , bouffard what gort of wrinkle ? charlie the american sort , uncle henry's voice because for I , even in it 's present state , La siroque be a place of magic ... int . tgv speed train - same 160 the train rip through the french countryside , Christie open the envelope . Inside , she find both photo , as well as uncle Henry 's letter to Max -- which be write in green ink , in a flow italianate , she begin to read ... + % tee rr * +e ke 09/19/2005 ° 98a , uncle henry 's voice : and it be my heartfelt wish that i Christie should share in that : magic ... 161 int . max ‘s flat - dusk 161 Max enter the austerity of he hip flat . put he key on a steel counter . remove Henry 's sandal , still cover with provencal dust and drop they in the trash . 162 163 09/19/2005 99 . uncle henry' voice I like to think of she there ... after all ... ghe and La siroque be all I leave behind ... then , as a afterthought , he take they out . int . tgv speed train - day - moving 162 Christie finish uncle Henry 's letter , overcome with emotion ... : uncle henry 's voice you loving uncle ... ( Max sign ) Henry Skinner ... omitted 163 09/19/2005 100-102 . int . lawton brother - morning 164 Max stride through the bullpen . be acknowledge by the other Traders . . broker 1 genghis ! back from the dead ! max lose the Christmas tie Justin , you look like a bloody accountant . broker 2 welcome back boss . Max offer a high five and pull out , leave he hang . kenny ( 0.s. ) you wanker ! Max turn -- there 's Kenny , carry he cubicle belonging in a cardboard box : he 's be can . he 's escort out by two security guard . max Kenneth ! Nice haircut ! do not tell I you have be fire in my absence ! kenny you set I up , you sod ! you short order ... do my nut in in lee than a hour . lose we six million quid , you bastard . max ( innocently ) that 's unfortunate Kenny , but I be on suspension , how could it have anything to do with I ? gemma fall into stride with he . gemma , good holiday ? you look different . max very relax thank you , gemma . bring I everything I need to read to get mé up to date . and a double - espresso . 165 09/19/2005 103. gemma on you desk in five ... ( with trepidation ) Sir Nigel be wait for you . Max stiffen . she look genuinely worried . int . sir nigel 's office - day : 165 a massive white and glass space of plasma screen data flow and sharp edge . Max walk acrosa the expanse of floor to Sir Nigel . he 's on the .pkone , speak in fluent german . completely ignore Max . Max stand there . a power game . on the wall behind Sir Nigel he see a Van gogh of a roll provengal landscape . exquisite swirl of color and texture . Sir Nigel hang up , and peruse some papers without look up . sir nigel Van gogh . max I hope you have get a good leck on the door , Sir . sir nigel do not be soft . its not real . Real one 's in my vault . it 's a copy . how much ? guess ? go on. ( before he can ) two hundred grand . for a knock off . sit . Max follow order . sir nigel Art 's a passion Max . you gotta have passion . I have . for ton of thing . horse , sport car , money ... max - be that passione or vice ? Sir Nigel explode . 166 09/19/2005 104 , sir nigel have I finished talking ?! when I have finish talk , that 's when you talk , and it better be good ! Nigel bang he desk . sir nigel while you be off on you little holiday , I have be through a shitstorm ! max Sir , I appreciate my action may have cause -- Sir Nigel hold up he hand , stop he ~ -~ sir nigel I have always like you Max . you be _ one of the ballsiest trader in the Square mile . that 's why you be here . if it be up to I I would not do this , this be straight from thé Brothers . you have just get to learn there 's consequence to you sort of behavior . sorry . but there it be . he slide a envelope across the table . sir nigel you have get one hour . int . hallway - downstair - minute later 166 Max ride the escalator downstairs . gemma await , bite she lip . as he arrive -- gemma . shall I pack my smurf ? Max do not answer . gemma follow he . she 's concerned , this be worse than she think , gemma shit Max ... what happen ? he hand she the envelope , unopen . walk off . 168° 168a 09/19/2005 105 . int , max's office - minute later 167 Max sit in he chair , foot up on he window sill , study the enemy bank 's skyscraper ... flashback : omitted 168 ext . LA siroque - pool ~.. dusk - flashback 168a Young Max be wading in the pool . uncle Henry , in swim trunk and terry bathrobe , appear above he -- uncle henry Max ... would you mind entertaining Ms. chenal 's daughter while I give she mother a tour of the estate ? uncle Henry smile lasciviously at ms . chenal , 40' , who push fanny , 10 , forward to meet Max . even at this age , she 's gorgeous and a bit dangerous . Max turn red with typical adolescent embarrassment . young max but it really want to finish the last chapter of '' death in Venice . '' uncle henry give the book 's title , I do not expect you will be surprised by the end , Max . {to mother ; as they go ) come now , Ms. chenal , there be many attraction here at La . siroque , beginning with the view , which , fortuitously , be best appreciate from my bedroom ... uncle Henry and Ms. chenal 's shuffle off ... leave Max alone with fanny ... fanny je m’apelle fanny . et toi ? Max can barely answer , he face crimson with discomfort . * eee a ee aby eee ree er * 09/19/2005 1o5aa. young max * i ( eye down ) : er ... je ...m’apelle ... Max . * L * : 169 09/19/2005 105a . with fearless abandon , fanny slip off she short , and in only panty and a tank top , dive into the pool . she swim underwater , and pop up , right across from Max , she blue eye sparkling in the dip summer sun . ' then , for no apparent reason , she give Max he first kiss , then whisper in he ear . int . max's office - same - present 169 gemma stand at the door , hold the envelope , and the check which be inside . gemma that 's a lot of zero . max or partnership . my choice . gemma listen to mummy : Max , partner , you be make for life . Sir Nigel do not make partner till he be fifty - three . and look at he . max yeah . look at he . gemma , well , what the hell be you gonna do ? eee eh 09/19/2005 106 . int . sir nigel 's office - later . 170 Max stare at the painting . the color swirl over the landscape like a blaze provencal heat haze . the door open : Nigel enter with a heir of benevolence . sir nigel what 's it to be ? money or yoke ? Max ignore he study . the painting . max when do you look at it ? sir nigel what ? Max study the painting . max the real one . I mean ... do you go down to the vault and stand there in front of it . be that it , nige ?. sir nigel what 's you point Skinner ? have you make you decision ? Sir Nigel turn to look at the painting . hard CUT to : 172 09/19/2005 107 . int . renaissance cafe - day 2721 close shot - the van gogh painting hanging on the cafe wall , but for some reason , it look different than before ... different frame , maybe ? fanny pass it by , unaware , carry food ... ext . renaissance cafe ~ day 172 people git outside , fanny . come out with some plate as a vespa tear past . she shout after the rider , for nearly knock she over . fluster , fanny come to a table to take a order , fanny bonjour . vous desirez quelque - choose ? ( have you decide ? ) a menu lower . it 's Max , max I think so . fanny ( recover ) * sure you do not need more time ? max no . I think I know what I want , fanny you be sure ? max pretty sure . fanny so . what be it to be ? he look at fanny for a long time . max how 's the soup ? fanny the soup be finish . max like my job . * 09/19/2005 107aa . fanny lower she pad , surprised . * 09/19/2005 107a . ( chen ) * | the fish . * / fanny * we have run out . * max * that 's like I ... with excuse . * i i 173 09/19/2005 108. fanny do not waste my time . choose something we have . max it would like a lifetime spend . with a suspicious irrational goddess . some short tempere - jealousy on the side , I would also like a bottle of wine that taste like you ... and a glass that 's never empty . . he kiss she . max forgive my lip .. - they find joy in the most unusual place . fanny you remember what I whisper to you ... when we be kid in the pool ? max it appear that you do too . fanny ( nodd ) Bien sux . but it be not until just now that I recognize you , Max . they kiss as we ... dissolve to : ext . LA siroque - a few week later 173 it 's a wonderful September day . a cloudless , sunny sky , with a soft breeze fan through the valley ... * % sk ee re ee hee * 175 176 09/19/2005 09 . ext . pront vineyard - same 174 vendage ! a crew of gypsy picker carry straw basket fill with grape , clipping the grape off the vine . tati dart through they leg , chase a rabbit ... ext , bastide - day . 175 Max sit on the edge of the wall , watch the picker do they work , shirt - top open . he look a helluva lot like Henry ... from inside the-house , he can begin to hear the SOUND of scream ... ext . bastide ~ same 176 Max sit on the step , listen to Christie and duflot in the middie of a titanic , knock - down , drag - out row in the hall . they be bellow in french , hold some vine . they seem to be fight over how high , or low , to cut the stem ... dulfot appear in front of Max -- duflot Max ! thank God . you be here ! I will not work for this madperson ! jamais ! jamais ! duflot step over to Max , and whisper , conspiratorially : duflot but I love this woman ! duflot storm off as Christie appear and give he the finger . tati bark at dulfot , and stay with Christie . she turn to Max -- christie I can not deal with this asshole , Max ! he 's gotta remember who the owner be -- I ! ( frustration ) the french ! what 's with they attitude ? this morning I be on the phone for two hour with the wine authority . they be total crook ... . max want I to soften they up ? +e tee ee 4 177 09/19/2005 110 . christie you be hire . * * Max continue to sit in the sunshine as Christie turn to go , then pause . a afterthought : * christie * oh , by the way , Max , you be * run low on green ink , so I * buy you some more ... * paperwork 's up in dad 's study . * he and Christie lock eye . * christie * you never know ... you may need to * write a letter or something . * then , turn to jog after duflot . * christie tati ! ( call out ) * duflot , wait ! * she head out after duflot and tati follow . as , Max 's treo * cing . he head outside ... max so. how 's the sale go ? int . max's apartment - same 177 Charlie be in Max 's apartment . a couple of large hip hopper be check it out ( like Ali G ) . gemma be there too , aloof but patient . charlie plat in this bracket shift in a blink . I be confident of 1.8 . maybe even 1.9 ... gemma . ( to hip hepper who 's foot be now on the coffee table ) feet. off , jamal . jamal comply , politely . gemma sit down next to he , * marginally flirtatious . * 09/19/2005 1loaa ; gemma , * so , you be a actual rapper ? * 09/19/2005 110a . ext , bastide - same 178 Max watch as fanny and Madame duflot periodically enter the +* frame ... place lunch on the table , adjust flower , * uncork wine , etc ... * max bullshit Charlie . £ pay 1.3 two year ago , and I have put two hundred j thou into it . you get I a twenty i five percent yield or 1 get myself another estateoagent . 173 int . max's apartment - same 179 Charlie smile warmly . same old Max . charlie you realize , of course , you will | never last down there , i 180 09/19/2005 lil. max ( 0.s. ) you takin’ odd on that ? ext . bastide - same 180 charlie ( 0.s. ) and as impossible as it may seem ... Max watch fanny sway back towards he , she beauty all the more perfect in this moment ... she give he a glass of Rose , tussling he hair , .and.disappear back inside . charlie --. the very thing you find sexy and unique now will soon become the dread of you day - to- day existence ... max be that a fact ? charlie and then , after month of eat , drink , sleep , and bonk , what have you get to look forward to ? boredom ! fanny reappear carry plate of food , hip swinging back to the lunch table ... charlie Max , you be my best mate and I be tell you : you will not last ! he sip the wine . max mmmm . a good year . ( smile ) we will see , Charlie . we will see . Max hang up . fanny gesture to he to come to the table . he do . at a distance , Christie be walk back toward they with tati . duflot seem to be follow , as Madame duflot come out with a giant dish of antipasto . fanny okay . that tree . it be not a tree anymore . it 's a arbre . , * 09/19/2005 112 . i max i arbre . : fanny | see that bird . c’est l' oiseau . i max : l/ oiseau . ' tati run past . fanny that blue dog . c’est un Chien bieu , Chien bleu . as they continue , the camera drift away from they ... take in the garden , and the tennis court , and the pool , and then the vineyard , and then finally , La siroque ... just a tiny piece of terroir in a very big world . fin