" a hard day' night " screenplay by alun Owen exterior street outside railway terminal day the film open with crowd of girl , shot in a sequence of close - ups , chase after GEORGE , JOHN and ringo . the boy hare off just ahead of they . they take a turn down a back alley way and the crowd of scream girl be after they . exterior terminal they rush on through the narrow cobble passageway and into the main station , quickly show they ticket at the barrier for the London train , and get onto the platform as horde of yell and scream girl reach the close gate . exterior terminal platform we see the fan rush to the few platform ticket machine , and endless penny be drop and ticket tear out in they haste to get onto the platform to see the boy . norm have be wait for the boy and he hurry they to where all they baggage , instrument and the drum be wait , pile up to be put into the guard ' van . the boy turn and see the oncoming stream of girl push through the barrier and descend on they with yell and shout . they grab they instrument , ringo make for the drum . norm plug into a handy transformer and use they instrument like a gun volley to stop the onrush of female , the boy blast fire into a number and start to sing . this stop the girl in they track and they settle down on whatever they can to listen to they play . as the boy be play , we CUT back into the crowd . in the centre we see paul struggle and pull to fight he way through the girl to join the other boy . he be drag a very reluctant old man behind he . the old man seem most disgruntled and we can see by he gesture how unwilling he be to be pull and push forward through all the girl . at last paul reach the other boy . he sit the old man down on a pile of case and join in the number to the squeal of delight from the fan . the old man sit aloof and proud ignore the whole proceedings . JOHN , GEORGE and ringo look enquiringly at paul who give a noncommittal shrug of the shoulder as if to say , " it 's not my fault " and the number proceed . shot of sudden horror on JOHN 's face . paul follow he eye line only to see the old man have doffed he cap and be busily collect money from a disconcert crowd . paul dive hastily into the crowd , and with suitable apology extract the old man and with a long suffer sigh drag he back to the group . GEORGE and paul hold he firmly as they finish the number , the old man stand there between they . as the number finish and the girl scream and shout with delight , the guard blow he whistle . norm and shake grab the instrument and the drum , and with the rest pile the lot into the guard ' van . the boy head into they reserve compartment pursue by the fan but the train move off . they have successfully repell all extra border . the boy stand and wave to the fan until out of sight line ... the girl run along to the end of the platform wave and call out . interior reserve compartment in the train the boy relax , sit down on one side of the compartment . they be about to settle down and make themselves at home when first ringo nudge GEORGE who in turn nudge JOHN . opposite they be sit the little old man . he be hold himself stiff , erect and very aloof . the three boy look at he enquiringly but with a elaborate sniff he look away from they and out of the window . paul catch he eye and wink at the little old man . he wink back at paul , scowl at the other three then look firmly out of the window again . the boy turn on paul crowd around he . JOHN eh ... pardon I for ask but who 's that little old man ? paul what little old man ? JOHN ( point ) that little old man . paul oh , that one . that 's I grandfather . GEORGE that 's not you grandfather . paul it be , y'know . GEORGE but you grandfather life in you house . I have see he . paul oh , that 's I other grandfather , but this one 's I grandfather and all . JOHN how d' you reckon that one out ? paul well ... everyone 's entitle to two , be not they , and this be I other one . JOHN ( long suffer ) well we know that but what 's he do here ? paul well , I mother think the trip 'ud do he good . ringo how 's that ? paul oh ... he 's nursing a break heart . the lad all look intently at the grandfather . JOHN aah ... the poor old thing . he lean across to grandfather . JOHN eh , mister ... be you nursing a break heart then ? the grandfather nod soulfully glare at he , in a way that indicate yes . paul ( whisper ) you see , he be go to get marry but she throw he over for a butcher . GEORGE a butcher ? paul yeah , she be fickle . JOHN aye and fond of fresh meat and all . paul ( seriously ) no ... it be he sweetbread . she be dead kinky for sweetbread . anyroad , I mother think it 'ud give he a change of scenery , like . JOHN oh , I see . he inspect grandfather carefully . JOHN ( to paul ) eh , he 's a nice old man , be not he ? paul oh yeah , he 's very clean , y'know . they all agree with paul . JOHN have be examine grandfather . he now lean forward to he . JOHN ( in a over - friendly voice ) hello , grandfather ! grandfather hello . JOHN ( delightedly ) he can talk then ? paul ( indignantly ) course he can talk . he 's a human be , like . be not he ? ringo ( grin ) well ... if he 's you grandfather , who know ? the lad all laugh . JOHN and we be look after he , be we ? grandfather I will look after meself . paul aye , that 's what I be afraid of ! JOHN he 's get you worried , then ? paul him , he cost you a fortune in breach of promise case . he 's a villain and a right mixer as well . GEORGE ( disbely ) gerron . paul no , straight up . grandfather the lad 's give you the simple truth . I be curse wid irresistible charm , I be too attractive to be let loose . at this moment , shake , a tall man who work with the boy , pull open the door of the compartment . shake you get on all right then ? boy hi , shake . shake we be here . norm will be along in a mo ' with the ticket . he see grandfather . shake Morning ! ( whisper ) who 's that little old man ? GEORGE it 's Paul 's grandfather . shake oh aye , but I think ... JOHN ( cut in ) no , that 's he other one . shake that 's all right then . JOHN ( display grandfather ) clean though , be not he ? shake oh yes , he 's clean all right . norm the road manager appear behind shake . norm Morning , lad . boy Morning ... hi , norm . norm ( check they quickly ) well , thank God you be all get here . now , listen , I have have this marvellous idea ... now just for a change , let 's all behave like ordinary responsible citizen . let 's not cause any trouble , pull any stroke or do anything I be go to be sorry for , especially tomorrow at the television theatre , because ... he look sharply at JOHN who be polish he nail . norm be you listen to I , Lennon ? JOHN ( off -hand ) you be a swine , be not he George ? GEORGE ( disinterested ) yeah ... a swine . norm ( just as indifferent ) thanks ... he see the grandfather . norm eh ... boy in chorus ... who 's that little old man ? norm well , who be he ? ringo he belong to Paul . norm ( accept the situation ) ah well , there you go . look , I be go down the diner for a cup of coffee , be you come ? paul we will follow you down . grandfather rise . grandfather I want I coffee . norm he can come with shake and I if you like . paul well , look after he . I do not want to find you have lose he . norm do not be cheeky , I will bind he to I with promise . come on , grandad . grandfather join shake and norm . norm ( over grandfather 's head ) he 's very clean , be not he ? shake and norm collect grandfather and be in the process of leave the compartment when a fat upper class city englishman , johnson , attempt to enter . there be a bit of confusion and they get tangle up with each other . johnson make up you mind , will you ! at last shake , norm and grandfather sort themselves out and johnson enter with he case . the other three go to coffee . johnson put he case up on the luggage rack , then sit down . all he movement be disgruntled ... he finally pick up he copy of the Financial Times and bury himself behind it , start to read . after a moment he look up , notice the compartment window be open . he get up and without so much as a " by you leave " he close it , glare at the boy and sit down again . the boy exchange look as if to say ... " hello , saucy ! ! " paul ( politely ) do you mind if we have it open ? johnson ( briefly ) yes , I do . JOHN yeah , but there be four of we , like , and we would like it open , if it 's all the same to you , that be . johnson ( rudely ) well , it be not . I travel on this train regularly twice a week , so I suppose I have some rights . ringo aye , well , so have we . he disappear behind he paper before the boy can say another word . ringo pull a face at the raise paper and switch on he portable radio . a pop number be play . johnson put down he paper firmly . johnson and we will have that thing off as well , thank you . ringo but I ... johnson lean over and switch it off . johnson a elementary knowledge of the railway act would tell you I be perfectly within my rights . he smile frostily . paul yeah , but we want to hear it and there 's more of we than you . we be a community , like , a majority vote . up the worker and all that stuff ! johnson then I suggest you take that damned thing into the corridor or some other part of the train where you obviously belong . JOHN ( lean forward to he ) gie 's a kiss ! paul shurrup ! look , mister , we have pay for we seat too , you know . johnson I travel on this train regularly , twice a week . JOHN knock it off , Paul , y' can not win with he sort . after all , it 's he train , be not it , mister ? johnson and do not you take that tone with I , young man ! GEORGE but ... johnson ( accusingly ) I fight the war for you sort . ringo Bet you be sorry you win ! johnson I will call the guard ! paul aye ... but what ? they do not take kindly to insult you know . ah , come on , you lot . let 's get a cup of coffee and leave Toby the manger . the boy troop out of the door into the corridor . johnson smile triumphantly . he be about to settle down to he paper when there be a tap on the corridor window . he look up and we see press against the window a collection of hideous Beatle face . paul eh , mister ... can we have we ball back ! the man jump to he foot . interior of the corridor the boy run away like a pack of school boy and disappear round the corner . interior of the train corridor from the p.o.v. of the door lead to the restaurant car . the boy come down the corridor in full flight , laugh away like happy idiot . GEORGE and paul pull open the slide door . the boy look inside . interior restaurant car from they p.o.v. we see the car be half empty and at a table in the centre shake and norm and grandfather be sit . on the table be a pile of photo of the boy . norm and shake be argue . norm be be very aggressive , much to shake 's discomfort . norm yeah , you want to watch it . shake ( unhappily ) it 's not my fault . norm well , you stick to that story , son . shake I can not help it , I be just taller than you . grandfather ( to norm slyly ) they always say that . norm yeah , well I get I eye on you . shake I be sorry norm , but I can not help be taller than you . norm well , you do not have to rub I nose in it . I have a good mind to ... ( he be about to thump shake . ) JOHN ( enjoy himself ) if you be go to have a barney I will hold you coat . norm he start it . shake no , I do not you do ... GEORGE well , what happen ? shake the old fella want this picture and norm say he could not have them , all I say be 'aw go on , be big about it . ' paul and ? norm you grandfather point out shake be always be taller than I just to spite I . paul I know it , he start it , I should have know . norm y'what ? paul you two have never have a quarrel in you life and in two minute flat he 's get you at it . he 's a king mixer . Adam and Eve , meet the serpent . Anthony and cleopatra , there 's you asp . divide and conquer , that 's this one 's motto . he hate group unity so he get everyone at it . the boy , i.e. , JOHN , GEORGE and ringo , look at each other then at paul . paul aye and we will have to watch it and all . GEORGE I suggest you just give he the photo and have do with it . norm you be right . here you be , old devil . shake and norm leave . grandfather grin triumphantly and collect they , then with a sweet smile he turn to paul . grandfather would you ever sign this one for we , pauly ? paul do so automatically but in the middle of signing he get suspicious . grandfather smile at he charmingly so paul finish signing . JOHN come on let 's get this coffee . grandfather before you go , I think it 's only fair to warn you about I grandson ... do not let we Paul have he own way all the time , ' cos if you do he will not respect you ! JOHN , ringo and GEORGE take this up straight away . they all pretend to be girl , ringo jump into paul 's arm . GEORGE ( coyly ) oh , Paul , you can not have you own way !!! JOHN ( invitingly , in a marlene Dietrich voice ) if I let you have you own way , you little rascal , will you respect I ? paul ( choke ) I will murder you , grandfather ! JOHN waltze paul down to a empty table and the lad sit down . GEORGE eh , look at that talent . they all gaze across the aisle . from they p.o.v. we see two very attractive young girl , rita and jean , have coffee . JOHN give them a pull . paul shall I ? GEORGE aye , but do not rush . none of you five bar gate jump and over sort of stuff . paul now what 's that suppose to mean ? GEORGE ( grin ) I do not really know , but it sound distinguished , like , do not it ? JOHN George Harrison , the scouse of distinction . we follow paul as he cross over to the two girl . he place a bowler on he head . paul ( in posh accent ) Excuse I , but this young man I be sit with wonder if two of we could join you ; I would ask you meself only I be shy . the two girl giggle together . JOHN and GEORGE be about to move over when grandfather suddenly appear by they side . grandfather ( sternly ) I be sorry , miss , but you must not fraternise with my prisoner . jean prisoner !! grandfather convict in transit to wormwood scrub . typical old lag , the lot of them . the boy y'what !!! grandfather quiet , you lot , or I will give you a touch of I truncheon . ( he point at ringo ) that little one 's the worst . if we do not keep he on tablet he have fit . ringo ( protest ) now look here !! grandfather grab two lump of sugar from the table and force they into ringo be mouth . grandfather get out while you can , lady , he time 's come round for one of he turn . the frighten girl scurry out of the restaurant car . the boy look in amazement and horror at grandfather . they be completely flabbergasted . grandfather smile at they benignly . interior of railway compartment shake and norm be seat . shake be bury in a science fiction book . norm look at he watch , slightly worried . norm he 's be go a long time . shake ( without look up ) who ? norm Paul 's grandfather . shake oh , I do not notice , where would he go ? norm down the ... er ... shake oh , down the ... er ...? norm yeah , down the ... er ... shake well , give a couple of minute ... he resume read . but norm go on worry . interior of another railway compartment grandfather be in full flight of conversation with a charming elderly lady , audrey , who be listen intently . grandfather ( proudly ) yes , I be they manager , I discover they . lady audrey do you indeed , Mr. McCartney ? grandfather now , audrey , I tell you , the name 's John . we show biz people be a friendly lot . audrey of course , John . grandfather yes , they be play the queue outside the picture palace of Liverpool . scruffy young lad , lack even the price of a jam roll . orphans , every paddy 's son of them . I see they potential at once although I have I doubt about the little fella , a savage primitive , that ringo , but it be he what give in first . he pick up a brick and heave it at I and I quelle he wid one fierce flash of I eye . " mister , can you spare we a copper ? " he say . I be disarm by the grubby little outstretch mauler ... so , I take they under I managerial banner . audrey the usual ten per cent ? grandfather oh , not at all , I let they have twenty - five ; sure be not there four of they ? audrey ( she eye lighting up ) how fascinating . do go on ... ( pause ) ... John . grandfather ... oh , I be all heart , ma'am , all heart ... well , I let ... interior corridor of train norm and shake meet with the boy as they be return from coffee . norm eh , have you get Paul 's grandfather ? JOHN of course , he 's conceal about I person . norm no ... he 's must have slip off somewhere . paul ( accusingly ) have you lose he ? norm do not exaggerate . paul you have lose he . shake put it this way , he 's mislaid he . paul you can not trust you with anything , norm , if you have lose he , I will cripple you . shake he can not be far . JOHN I hope he fall off . paul ( mildly ) do not be callous . ringo he do not like I , honest , I can tell ... it 's ' cos I be little . GEORGE you have get a inferiority complex , you have . ringo yeah , I know , that 's why I take up the drum . it 's I active compensatory factor . JOHN and paul run down the corridor . shake and norm turn from the door and go in the opposite direction , GEORGE and ringo follow after the other two boy . interior corridor of train paul and JOHN look into various compartment . close shot of ringo look into compartment in the manner of groucho marx . in one of the compartment we see from ringo's p.o.v. the occupant , a glamorous woman , tania , with a small lap dog . she be beautifully and most expensively dress . she look up and see ringo . ringo smile at she and she smile back . she then beckon he to join she . he look around to see if she mean someone else . she nod a negative . ringo look back enquiringly then point at himself as if to say : " who , I ? " tania smile enthusiastically . GEORGE have be watch all this . GEORGE be you go in ? ringo no , she will only reject I in the end and I will be frustrated . GEORGE you never know , you might be lucky this time . ringo no , I know the psychological pattern and it play hell with I drum skin . he blow the glamorous lady a kiss , then move sadly on . interior further down the corridor paul enter a compartment follow by JOHN . the two girl , rita and jean , from the restaurant car be sit there . paul Excuse I but have you see that little old man we be with ? the girl jump up , surprised . JOHN we have break out , oh , the bless freedom of it all ! ( he extend he hand as if handcuff ) eh , have you get a nail file , this handcuffs be kill I . I be frame . I be innocent . paul will you stop it ! sorry to disturb you , miss ... he start to drag JOHN after he . JOHN I be innocent . I be frame . I will not go back . JOHN be now by the door ; he leer at the girl horribly . JOHN I bet you can guess what I be in for . he cackle like a maniac before disappear , the door close after he . a waiter carry a tray with champagne and glass on it pass into one of the compartment with the blind down . paul how about that one ? he move towards the compartment . paul ( to ringo and George ) do you look in here ? GEORGE no . I mean , it 's probably a honeymoon couple or a company director or something . paul well , let 's broaden we outlook . paul open the door of the compartment . interior of compartment from the boy ' p.o.v. we see grandfather and the elderly lady , audrey , sip champagne and nibble caviar on toast . grandfather ( look up ) congratulate I , boy , I be engage . paul enter and cross over to he . paul oh no , you be not . you have go too far this time ... and who 's pay for all this ? grandfather it 's all take care of . it 's down on we bill . paul oh , well that 's all right . ( realise ) what ? audrey Young man , kindly moderate you tone when you address my fiance . paul I be sorry , missus , but the betrothal 's off . ( he grab grandfather by the arm ) I will refuse I consent , he 's over - age ! audrey grab grandfather 's other arm and pull back . audrey leave he alone , after all he 's do for you be this the way you repay he ? a tug of war now start between paul and audrey . paul ( pull ) him ? he 's never do anything for anybody in he life . audrey ( pull ) you dare to say that when even that ridiculous clothes you be wear be buy when you force he to sell out he gilt edge indomitable !! JOHN and GEORGE jump on the seat egging paul and audrey on . JOHN come on , auntie , you be win . GEORGE get in there , Paul , she 's weaken . ringo attempt to interfere . ringo look , missus , this be all a misunderstanding , you see , he 's ... audrey keep away from I , you deprave lout , I know all about you terrible past . ringo y'what ? she hit ringo with she handbag and continue struggle with paul for grandfather . ringo grab she handbag to stop she hit he . ringo he 's give I a bad character , blackguard I name to all and sundry . he 's get to be stop . it 's not fair . ringo push out into the corridor , forget that he be hold the woman 's handbag . a voice shout off from outside . voice off that 's one of they ... stop thief ! interior corridor from ringo 's p.o.v. we see down to the right the city man , johnson , approach with a guard . ringo turn the other way to the leave when he be join by [ the ] three other boy . from they p.o.v. down the corridor we see the two girl , autograph book in hand , follow by ten girl from the same school . both group be close in on the boy . there 's no escape . ringo ( look down at the handbag in he hand ) oh mother !! interior luggage van very dark , and behind bar we see grandfather . he be sit crouch up on a wooden box tea chest and look pretty miserable . he turn towards the camera ; in the foreground of the shot we see paul stand . in the background a impassive guard be read a paper which he do throughout the scene . grandfather ( bitterly ) and to think I own grandson would have let they put I behind bar ! paul do not dramatise . the camera pull back and we see grandfather in the luggage compartment of the guard ' van . in with he be a crate of chicken and a dog . the chicken peck at he ; grandfather move listlessly away . paul let 's face it , you be lucky to be here . if they would have have they way you would have be drop off at stafford already . grandfather proudly turn away from paul who dodge round so he can still see he face . paul well , you have get to admit you have upset a lot of people . at least I can keep my eye on you while you be stick in here . grandfather turn away again . paul all right , how about ringo ? I mean ... he 's very upset , you know ... and as far as you girlfriend , little audrey 's concerned , she 's finish with man for the rest of she natural , and another thing ... grandfather a harmless bit of fun , aah , none of you have any sense of humour leave this day . paul oh , it 's all right for you but that two girl be scared to death ! honest , grandad , why ? I mean , why do you do this thing ? grandfather ( cut in ) you be left-handed , be not you , Paul ? paul yeah ... so what ? grandfather why do you always use you leave hand ? paul well , do not be daft , I have get to . grandfather and I take a left-handed view of life , I have get to . paul grin . after a moment of look at he , paul open the door of the luggage compartment and join grandfather on a box . paul shove up ! grandfather produce a penny . grandfather odd or even ? paul sigh . paul odd . grandfather flip the coin . the guard ' van door open and JOHN , GEORGE and ringo come in , with they be the girl , rita and jean . JOHN ( as he see paul behind the bar ) do not worry , son , we will get you the best lawyer trading stamp can buy . paul oh , it 's a laugh a line with Lennon . ( to ringo ) anyroad up ... it 's all you fault . ringo me? why ? GEORGE bag-snatcher . grandfather that 's right ; convict without trial ... habeas corpus . JOHN ( casually ) every morning . JOHN have be look around the guard ' van . JOHN gaw , it 's depress in here , be not it ? funny ... ( he pat the dog ) ' cos they usually reckon dog more than people in England , do not they ? you would expect something a little more palatial . ( he shudder ) come on . let 's have a little action . let 's do something , then . paul like what ? JOHN well , I have get I gob stopper . ( he produce he mouth organ . ) look , a genuine stradivarius , hand tool at dagenham . and to ringo 's beat on a tea chest they be off , paul and GEORGE improvise other sound , much to the girl ' delight . during the number , grandfather quietly let the latch off the chicken crate and chicken begin to wander through the scene . exterior train in motion from above ( night ) while the number be progress , the train be get nearer and nearer to London . exterior platform terminus ( night ) shot of the station full of girl wait for the boy . interior guard van by the time the number finish the train pull up with a sharp halt that send they all sprawling , boy and girl . norm enter the guard ' van . norm do not move , any of you . they have go potty out there . the whole place be surging with girl . JOHN please , can I have one to surge with ? norm no . JOHN ah , go on , you swine . norm no , you can not . look , as soon as I tell you , run through this door here and into the big car that 's wait . he point and we see a big car park across the road . the boy prepare to depart , lining up with grandfather at the door . exterior platform terminus just as they be ready to go , a line of taxi draw up parallel to the train and now separate they from the big car wait for they . norm oh no ! grandfather push past the boy , hold he coat close . grandfather all right , lad , follow I . and before norm can stop he , he dart out of the door , paul after he . the fan further down the platform see paul and charge forward ... in a panic norm and the other follow , JOHN just have time to kiss both the girl . JOHN vive l'amour ! norm drag he away . exterior railway station the boy manage to follow grandfather by leaping onto a motorize luggage carrier , GEORGE drive and the other three pose as a freeze tableau on the back . grandfather have arrive at a taxi door . he fling it open and run through , open the other door , thus make a safe bridge to the car . the boy follow and manage to make it to the big car safely . they run towards grandfather 's taxi . the fan have follow the boy and we see stream of girl pile through all the taxi one of which contain johnson the city man , open and shutting the door to get through , much to the indignation of the taxi driver . interior big car norm be sit in front with the driver , frank . the four boy and grandfather be squash together in the back . norm ( to the driver ) go like the clapper , son ! frank ( smoothly ) that be my entire intention , sir . exterior station the car move off surround by the fan ; from a height we see they converge on the car but it move forcefully out of the station and off . it move into the traffic in the main road and the journey to the hotel begin . interior HOTEL suite night there be a reception room and off it lead room that be presumably bedroom , bathroom , etc . JOHN be lie sprawle out on a settee listen to a transistor radio , demolosh a basket of fruit . paul be sit at a upright piano and grandfather be mooch about the room . one of the door open and GEORGE enter follow by ringo , none of the boy be wear coat . ringo I do not snore . GEORGE you do -- repeatedly . ringo ( to John ) do I snore ? JOHN ( eat a banana ) you be a window rattler , son . ringo well , that 's just you opinion . do I snore , Paul ? paul ( stop play ) with a trombone hooter like yours it would be unnatural if you do not . grandfather do not mock the afflict , pauly . paul oh for Pete 's sake , it 's only a joke . grandfather well , it may be a joke , but it 's he nose . he can not help have a horrible great nose , it 's the only one he 's get . and he poor little head 's tremble under the weight of it . norm enter with three pile of fan mail and place they in front of JOHN on a table . ringo be almost in tear , examine he nose in a mirror . norm Paul , John , George -- get at it . JOHN hello the income tax have catch up with we at last . paul and GEORGE gather round the low table . ringo be leave out of it . ringo none for I , then ? norm sorry . John hand ringo a single envelope . JOHN that will keep you busy . grandfather it 's you nose , y'see . fan be funny that way . take a dislike to thing . they will pick on a nose ... ringo you go and pick on you own . shake enter with a stack of mail about three time larger than all the other put together . JOHN be that yours ? shake for ringo . he dump it in ringo 's arm who stagger into a armchair . the boy send he up . JOHN that must have cost you a fortune in stamp , ringo . GEORGE he come from a large family . ringo ( dump the letter ) well . ringo open he letter and read it . it contain a large emboss card . ringo eh , what 's boyd 's Club ? the lad gather round he and paul take the card from he and read . paul " the management of boyd 's take pleasure in request the company of Mr. Richard starkey , that 's you , in they recently refinish game room . chemin de fer. baccarat , roulette , and Champagne Buffet . " blimey ! ringo ( surprised ) and they want I ? JOHN oh , it 's get round that you be a heavy punter . norm ( snatching the card ) well you be not go . ringo ah . grandfather ( take card from norm ) quite right , invite to gambling dens full of easy money and fast woman , chicken sandwich and cornet of caviar , disgusting ! he pocket the card himself . ringo that 's mine . norm have do , and you lot get you pen out . boy why ? norm it 's homework time for all you college pudding . I want this lot ( he indicate the fan letter ) all answer tonight . the boy all protest . norm I will brook no denial ! JOHN it 's all right for you , you could not get a pen in you foot , you swine . norm come on , shake , we will leave them to they penmanship . he go follow by shake . there be a pause and JOHN deliberately rise slowly and cross to he coat . he put it on and walk to the door . JOHN while the swine 's away the piglet can play . well , come on , what be we wait for ? with a whoop paul , GEORGE and ringo collect they coat and head for the door . grandfather what about all this letter ? boy read them ! they disappear . after a moment grandfather take out ringo 's card . c.u. grandfather grandfather and a free champagne buffet . he grin to himself . at this moment a waiter enter with a tray . he be clad in tail and grandfather eye they longingly , measure himself the while alongside the startle waiter . he leave we with no doubt in we mind what he want , i.e. , the waiter 's suit . interior dancing club night the club be the latest in modern decor and full of teenager all enjoy themselves . the camera wander around the club till it finally pick out JOHN , paul , GEORGE and ringo all crowded around one small table . the music be blaring away from a juke box and the boy join the dancer . they be recognise and give smile and nod of encouragement by all the other customer . during this scene we CUT away : interior boyd' club night the whole atmosphere be of quiet elegance and loud wealth . around the baccarat table the rich , bored customer sit barely move a face muscle as they languidly murmur " suivez " and " banco " to the dealer as he operate the shoe . the manager of the club be beam with satisfaction as he survey he customer . one of this customer be clad in evening dress and he have he back to we . the rest of the player ( male ) be in suit . by each of they be stand a lush lady with a bored sophisticated face that look as if it have be paint on . from the reverse of the last shot we now see the solitary evening dress player be grandfather . he look around he and wipe off he look of enjoyment and elaborately out - bore everyone in the room . dealer alor , m'sieur ? grandfather ( nonchalant ) souflée . he turn to the buxom blonde , who be drip over he . grandfather I bet you be a great swimmer . my turn ? bingo ! croupier pas " bingo , " m'sieur ... banco . grandfather ( take ) I will take the little darling anyway . he take up the card and can not understand that they be unnumber . grandfather two and one be three , carry one be four . the buxom blonde lean over he . blonde Lay they down . grandfather ( disturb by he eyeline ) eh ? blonde Lay they down . grandfather we would be throw out . blonde you card ... lay they down ... face up . he do so . croupier huit à la Pointe ... et sept . ( he push chip and box to grandfather . ) blonde you have a lovely little pair , y'see . grandfather I do ? croupier tap impatiently on box ( shoe ) . blonde they be yours . grandfather they be ? blonde the card ... you be bank . interior dancing club the boy be have a rare old time and the place be really move . interior boyd' club grandfather be play and a waiter be check the requirement of the player . grandfather bingo ! croupier ( wearily ) m'lord dit " bingo . " waiter ( to grandfather ) a little light refreshment . grandfather ( lordly ) a glass of the old chablis to wash down a gesture of giblet would not go amiss . ( he resume he game . ) souflée , chop chop . the croupier use the spatula to pick up a card . grandfather grab it and scoops some sandwich off a pass tray . interior dancing club the boy be at they table again laugh and enjoy themselves , when suddenly they face freeze . from they p.o.v. we see norm stand glower down at they . with he be shake . reluctantly the boy arise and follow norm out . interior boyd be grandfather be look worried at the call of the card he lose and we see that all he chip have go . he notice the waiter deliver snack and champagne to a couple , so quick as a flash , he place a handkerchief over he arm and write a bill out on a piece of paper , present it to the couple and collect payment in chip . he then resume play . interior HOTEL room waiter be sit on chair in underclothes , read . he hear a noise , say " the manager ! " and hide in outer clothes closet . norm and the boy enter say : norm now get on with it . JOHN we be go to do it . norm aye , well , now ! ( he go through bedroom ) ringo go to hang up coat in closet . he do so , then cross to rest . ringo any of you lot put a man in that cupboard ? all a man ? no. ringo well somebody do . GEORGE go to cupboard . we see the waiter from he p.o.v . he close door , return to group . GEORGE he 's right , y'know . boy ( disinterested ) ah well , there you go . shake enter front door , go to hang up coat and drag waiter out . shake eh , what 's all this ? paul oh , he ... he 's be lurking . JOHN aye , he look a right lurker . shake ( to waiter ) you be undress . where be you clothes ? waiter the old gentleman borrow they to go gambling at boyd 's . paul no ! ringo oh , he 's go to my club , have he ? paul ( turn on ringo ) yeah , it 's all you fault , get invite to gambling club . he 's probably in the middle of a orgy by now . JOHN well , what be we wait for ? shake aye , come on , honest , that grandfather of yours be worse than any of you lot . interior boyd be grandfather be drink champagne in lock arm with blonde . waiter encore de champagne , monsieur ? grandfather yes , and I will have some more champagne as well . he take another swig of he glass . manager ( beam ) Lord John McCartney , he 's the millionaire irish peer , filthy rich of course . customer oh I do not know , look rather clean to I . the manager come to grandfather 's side . manager play be about to resume , m'lord . grandfather ( hand he a chip ) lead I to it , I have a win itch that only success can pacify . he take he place at the table . the manager watch for a moment then move away from the table towards the club reception desk . interior reception desk boyd' club JOHN , paul , GEORGE , ringo , norm and shake be try to gain entrance . attendant I be sorry sir , member and invite guest only . paul , GEORGE , ringo , JOHN I have get to get in . it 's urgent and important . I have have a invite . take I to you leader . norm shurrup . the boy do and meanwhile the manager have walk into shot . he recognise the boy and welcome they with false enthusiasm . they all start to enter the main room . norm all we want to know be have you get a little old man in there ? manager ( pleasantly ) do you mean Lord McCartney ? close - up paul paul he 's at it again . look , I be he grandfather ... I mean ... blonde ( stand next to grandfather ) oh , it must be the dolly floor show . JOHN stay where you be everybody this be a raid and we want he . grandfather who be this ruffian ?... I have never see they before in my life !... ( etc . ) they grab the protest grandfather and drag he into the reception area . he keep try to return to blonde and table . GEORGE and ringo each take a end of the velvet cord hang between the two stanchion . they exchange end and re-hook it , thus encircle grandfather by the entrance desk . they then go to settle up . manager ( with false charm ) before you go , gentleman , there 's the small matter of the bill . he snap he finger and a waiter hand he the bill . norm ( take it ) I will settle that . he glance at it . norm a hundred and eighty pound ! manager ( icily ) I beg you pardon , guinea . at that moment a waiter appear with a tray full of pound note . waiter you winning , my lord , one hundred and ninety pound . the manager tear up the bill and take the money . grandfather how about I change ? manager cloak room charge . he hand grandfather he old mackintosh . ringo ( brightly ) ah well , easy come , easy go . the other glower at he . ringo well . interior big car ( moving on way to studio ) the boy have settle down . JOHN should I say it ? GEORGE follow you impulse . ringo it will only get you into trouble . JOHN ( to ringo ) aah , shurrup , misery ! JOHN slouches forward . JOHN ( urgently ) o.k. Driver , follow that car !! the driver [ Frank ] be a urbane young man in a handsome grey uniform . frank ( indicate the traffic ) would you like to be a little more precise , sir ? JOHN well , that 's the wrong line for a start . frank sorry ? ( meaning : " I beg you pardon . " ) GEORGE oh , do not pay any attention to he , he be just fulfil a lifelong ambition . frank I see . JOHN yeah , you know , " o.k . buster , follow that car , there 's a sawbuck in it for you if you get real close ! " frank oh , yes , now I be with you . ( [ he change he accent ] ) but , gee , mister , I have get my license to think of ... we be do a hundred now ... the car be stop in traffic behind a bus . JOHN get out of car and walk to the front . JOHN lean in window delightedly , he flash he wallet . JOHN ever see one of this before ? frank ah ... a shamus , eh ? JOHN I see you go to the night court . frank I have make the scene . JOHN well , remember , its leathery magee up ahead in that convertible , so cover I in the stake - out . GEORGE I do not think that bit 's right . JOHN what do you expect from a ad lib ... Raymond Chandler ? exterior STREET as the big car overtake a company director 's roll . JOHN lower he window and the boy let out a imaginary hail of bullet at the executive in the back . he react violently and start to shout at they . as he do so , he press the button of he window , so that we hear only part of it . but what we do be unpleasant . he immediately press the button and the window rise . ringo and paul jump out of the car . ringo take two drumstick from he coat pocket and , use they as banderilla , insert they with style into the radiator grill ( v.o . " ole " from the boy ) . paul , then , use he coat as a matador 's cloak , do a butterfly pass at the car which have just start up , narrowly miss he , but he keep in the matador position . interior car norm will you all stop it , you be like a gang of school kid . I know this be go to happen one day . JOHN ( as ringo and Paul climb in ) well , you should not have have bacon for you breakfast , you cannibal . frank ( to norm ) we be nearly there , sir . JOHN eh ... do not call he sir , he 's get enough delusion of power as it be . close shot of a long suffer norm . norm and I be happy in the bakery . I will never know why I leave . exterior of a old victorian music hall theatre which have be convert to the t.v. studio . there be a few group of girl fan stand outside the front of the theatre , but against the kerb of the pavement be a night - watchman 's canvas hut and brazier . the car approach . interior of the car norm get ready John , open the door and as it draw up , out you go and straight in . JOHN nod and open the door . the fan start to swarm ' round they . to escape , the boy dash into the night - watchman 's canvas hut , pick it up and run with it to the stage door , revealing the night - watchman , stare in astonishment . at the door the boy put the hut down and enter the theatre . interior stage door entrance as the boy enter , two p.r.o. man in dark suit , stiff white collar and old school tie step forward and smile menacingly . first p.r.o. man ( menacingly ) Press conference , they be wait for you . norm ( jovially ) give we a couple of shake to get we breath . first p.r.o. man ( more menacingly ) they be wait now ! and without more ado they grab a arm each and march the protest norm towards the stair that lead to the dress circle . paul eh this lot mean it . they be even take hostage . the boy , shake and grandfather rush after the rapidly disappear norm , who by now be half way up the stair . interior of dress circle lounge ballroom it be empty except for two barmaid poise ready to serve , stand behind trestle table full of drink and sandwich . the dark suite men enter with norm and close behind they follow grandfather , shake and the boy . the group arrive at the centre of the lounge and have time to look about and see the food but before they can get to it , from all direction newspapermen and photographer converge upon they . now begin a elaborate tug -of - war between various photographer use they flash attachment and reporter to capture a Beatle and in the midst of this run battle a man with a portable recorder be try to interview they . together and singly the boy be push about the room and while this go on a hard core of newspapermen be busily devour sandwich and pour themselves drink , to the annoyance of the barmaid . every time one of the boy attempt to get a sandwich or a drink , it be either too late , the plate be empty , or they be intercept . the single and constant thing we see in the scene be the push and pull , heavy impersonal handle , the boy be just thing to be place like still life in one advantageous position after another . during the scene this individual exchange take place : SOUND reporter what 's you philosophy of life ? JOHN I be tear between Zen and I be all right , Jack . reporter have success change you life ? ringo yes . reporter do you like play the guitar ? GEORGE next to kissing girl it 's favourite . paul be surround by newspapermen . paul no , actually , we be just good friend . high shot of the press reception and we see the boy ease they way out until they get to the curtain entrance to the dress circle ; completely unnotice , they slip through . interior theatre dress circle the boy come up the stair into the dress Circle proper . grandfather and shake be sit there have a picnic of beer and sandwich . paul ( ironically ) anything to spare ? grandfather we have just finish , pauly . hey George , write we you John Henry on this picture . GEORGE sure . ( he do so ) paul ah well . eh , look ! he point , and from paul be p.o.v. we see on stage , the set up of the show , scenery and light , camera and sound equipment be be put into position by a small army of studio staff . dancers and singers be milling about as well . paul let 's go and muck in . JOHN aye , before anyone stop we . they exit to row of the dress circle and go through the entrance down the narrow stair to the stall and on to the stage that be build and extend right into the stall , which be partly cover up . interior stage everyone be so busy that they hardly notice the boy , who wander about and examine the studio equipment . a load of three drum set be be bring on stage and a voice shout out : voice here , what about this electric guitar ? shake where be they ? voice back here , mate . shake ( go towards the voice ) I be come . ringo be busy set up he drum , and man be set up the other set . he drop a stick and the floor manager retrieve it and be about to tap the drum . the floor manager be a languid young man . ringo leave they drum alone . floor manager oh , surely one can have a tiny touch . ringo if you so much as breathe heavy on they , I be out on strike . floor manager be not you be rather arbitrary ? ringo that 's right retreat behind a smoke screen of bourgeois cliches . I do not go round mess about with you ear - phone , do I ? floor manager spoil sport ! ringo well ! ringo fuss like a mother hen cluck over he drum . the floor manager be furious . GEORGE he 's very touchy about that he drum , they loom large in he legend . ringo give he drum a defiant crash and JOHN and paul stop whatever they be up to and hurry over . paul what 's up ? GEORGE ( point ) he 's sulk again . JOHN I will show he . he pick up a set of drum stick and bashes back at ringo , who do a more complicated drum roll . GEORGE now join in and to paul be encouragement a drum duel start completely naturally and improvise . during this encounter the work proceed around they and the guitar be bring on and shake set they to work order . paul first , then JOHN and GEORGE take up they own instrument and out of the drum duel emerge one of they number . interior ramp as the number finish a baldhead man ( he be the t.v. director ) storm down the ramp that lead from the control box under the dress circle . director ( with over - exaggerated calm ) all right I be sorry and let 's hear no more about it . if that 's you opinion , you be probably right . look , if you think I be unsuitable let 's have it out in the open , I can not stand this back -stage politics . by the end of this speech he be stand in front of JOHN who take the scene in he stride . JOHN be not you tend to black and white this whole situation ? director well , quite honestly I be not expect " a musical arranger " who would question my ability ... picture - wise . JOHN ( to the other ) I could listen to he for hour . paul heave to , what 's all this about a musical arranger ? director Mr. McCartney senior ! the boy have a giggle at the very idea and at this moment grandfather appear from behind the director . grandfather hey pauly , they be try to fob you off wid this musical charlatan but I have give he the test . director ( bravely ) I be quite happy to be replace . grandfather ( indicate the director ) he 's a typical buck - passer . director I win a award . JOHN a likely story . director it 's on the wall in my office . at this moment norm come on the stage , confident , cigar in mouth and serene . norm hello we lot , everyone happy ? the boy , the director , floor manager and grandfather turn on he and stare silently . norm all right , all right . if you do not need this lot , I will lock them up in the dress room till you do . director please do , I will not need they for fifteen minute . thank you . he glare at grandfather who glare right back . the director walk away with the floor manager pacify he . director give I a bottle of milk and a packet of oblivion . oh , it 's a plot , I see it now , it 's all a plot . they go leave towards the back-stage . norm ( produce key ) now , come on , I have get the key . he lead the lad off right . ringo be last as he be put he drum stick down safely . norm and the boy turn on he . norm let 's have you . JOHN come on speedy ! paul ringo ! GEORGE wake up ! ringo glare at they and follow quickly . as the boy move off after norm , they pass the next act wait for rehearsal . it be a elegant man in full - tail suit meticulously adjust he cuff-link . beside he be a free-stand sign read " Leslie Jackson and he ten disappear dove . " the boy pass he and go through the door . grandfather stop and look at the performer with respect . grandfather I can not tell you how much I have enjoy you act . he slap the man on the back with happy camaraderie . there be the sound of a dove , a few feather fall out of the sleeve of the man 's coat and he and grandfather look down at the floor . the man glare at grandfather , take out a pen from he pocket , cross out " 10 " on he sign , and write " 9 " in its place , put the pen back in he pocket and start towards the centre stage put on a false performer 's smile as he do . interior theatre back -stage corridor the boy move down the narrow stair , and out of the ground floor dress room stream a steady flow of costume actor and actress . they engulf the lad and force they against the wall -- the actor be all make for the stage door . as the actor push past the boy we see the boy ' excited face , they mouth water for the costume . JOHN touch the costume on one actor . JOHN ( to actor ) gear costume ! actor ( eyeing he ) swap ? norm right , first floor and no mess about . norm , lead the way , go up the stair but as they turn the first corner they be confront by a group of girl , a game of manners start , " after you , " " no , after you . " norm who be ahead of the group look down on they in disgust . norm Lennon , leave they girl alone or I will report you . the boy let the girl pass and resume the journey , always surround by people . interior dressing room and corridor ringo be attention be catch by a door . he cross and open it , look out to a fire escape . the other join he and the four boy step through the door and onto the fire escape . exterior top of FIRE escape from the boy ' p.o.v. we see down below into the property yard behind the theatre . it be a long narrow yard full of old coaches , motor car and all the general debris of hundred of set from past theatre show . through the pile of heape high junk there be a couple of narrow alleyway . the boy scamper down the fire escape . when they reach the bottom of the alleyway , there be a large door . they open it and look through . from they p.o.v. we see a large green field quite empty . the boy step through the doorway into the field . we now see from a helicopter shot the four boy stand together surround by space . it be the first time they have be alone and unconfine all day . they look at each other and grin ... then first GEORGE and paul let out a whoop and run towards the centre of the field , after a moment JOHN and ringo follow they . the boy pick up some loose straw and insert it under JOHN be cap and sleeve , turn he into a scarecrow . the four boy dash about madly call out to one another and generally horsing around . out of this emerge a imaginary game of soccer and although there be no ball the game be fast and furious . after a few moment the long shadow of a man fall across the grass . man' voice ( off ) I suppose you know this be private property . the boy freeze . from they p.o.v. we see a big burly middle - age man glower at they . the boy exchange rueful glance and , under the big man' eye , mooch back towards the gateway they come in by . JOHN be the last to go through . he turn to the man . JOHN sorry if we hurt you field , mister . interior corridor back -stage grandfather be sneaking down the corridor , a pile of photo under he arm . interior t.v. theatre underneath the stage under the stage the usual set of wooden column that support the stage with lot of furniture and a single light be on ; it be place by the orchestra 's entrance to the orchestra pit . grandfather come down the stair and wind he way through the column until he find himself a safe little cubby hole and settles himself under the light . he spread the sign photo of the boy in front of he and , adjust a old - fashioned pair of glass , ball - point pen in hand begin to copy the boy ' signature on to the fresh photo , tutting at he failure and chuckle at he success . after a moment , there be a sound of someone come down the stair . grandfather dart into a dark patch out of sight . the menace shadow appear on the stairway . norm ( voice off ) there 's no one here . shake ( voice off ) this be the only way they could have go . we now see grandfather hold himself stiffly in , he be on some sort of raise platform and he fidget and in do so he knock a lever of some sort . slowly grandfather ascend out of shot with a light that grow bigger above he . interior t.v. theatre stage a rehearsal of the toast scene from a strauss operetta . the entire stage be full of singers , glass in hand they be sing away at each other but in true opera tradition they be address out to the audience . slowly in - between the lead man and lead woman , who be about to embrace , a stage trap open and a blink , surprised , grandfather appear . here we intercut to the t.v. Control room for amaze reaction shot of the director and control room crew . back now on the stage the toast song reach its climax and the lead man and woman rush into each other 's arm , grandfather sandwich between they . interior corridor as boy pass thru on way to dressing room JOHN be behind they . JOHN , boy and millie be walk towards each other . millie ( as all pass ) hello . JOHN ( stop ... the boy carry on past , not notice she ) hello . millie oh , wait a minute , do not tell I you be ... JOHN no , not I . millie ( insistently ) oh you be , I know you be . JOHN no , I be not . millie you be . JOHN I be not , no . millie well , you look like he . JOHN oh do I ? you be the first one who ever say that . millie oh you do , look . JOHN look at himself in the mirror . JOHN examine himself in the mirror carefully . JOHN my eye be lighter . millie ( agree ) oh yes . JOHN and my nose ... millie well , yes you nose be . very . JOHN be it ? millie I would have say so . JOHN aye , but you know he well . millie ( indignantly ) no I do not , he 's only a casual acquaintance . JOHN ( knowingly ) that 's what you tell I . millie ( suspiciously ) what have you hear ? JOHN ( blandly ) it 's all over the place , everyone know . millie be it ? be it really ? JOHN mind you , I stand up for you , I mean I would not have it . millie I know I could rely on you . JOHN ( modestly ) thanks . millie touch he arm then walk away . after a moment she turn . millie you do not look like he at all . JOHN wink at she and she wink back . interior dressing room norm and shake enter the room . the boy ' tailor be there wait for the boy . shake oh they have probably go to the canteen , cup of tea , like . norm that 's too easy for Lennon . he cross to door lead to fire escape . norm ( dramatically ) he 's out there somewhere , cause trouble just to upset I . shake you be imagine it . you be let thing prey on you mind . norm oh no ... this be a battle of nerve between John and I . shake but John have not get any . norm what ? shake nerves . norm I know , that 's the trouble . he puff nervously at he cigarette . norm oh , I have toy with the idea of a ball and chain but he would only rattle they at I ... and in public and all . sometimes I think he enjoy see I suffer . he hear something . norm get behind that door , they be come . someone 's come . Quick , hide ! the two man hide behind the door . the boy enter the room , as JOHN be last he shut the door and face shake and norm . JOHN what be you do there ? shake hiding . JOHN I think you be soft or something . norm we be not hide . tailor now ? norm now . we be try to catch you redhand . I think I tell you lot to stay here ? ringo well ... norm when I tell you to stay put , stay put . JOHN ( down on he knee ) do not cane I , sir , I be lead astray . norm oh shurrup and come on John . they be wait for you in the studio . ringo oh dear , I feel like do a bit of work . norm good lad , ringo . paul oh , listen to teacher 's pet . GEORGE you crawler . JOHN he 's betrayed the class . ringo oh , leave off !!! JOHN temper ! temper ! ringo well ... close - up on norm 's long suffer face . norm will you all get a move on ! they be wait for you ! by this time the tailor have he tape stretch between he hand to measure GEORGE 's shoulder . but since GEORGE have move away , he be measure space . JOHN take up he scissors and cut the tape . JOHN I now declare this bridge open . the boy run out the door . interior backstage area five beautiful model be stand about in costume . one be knitting a loose wool sweater which be almost complete . there be the sound of a juggling act 's music off and a few of the girl be look off towards the centre stage . at the edge of frame be a collapsible table cover with green baize . on it be three space white plate . from the door off stage , above which be a sign " to canteen and production Offices " , grandfather enter eat a plate of spaghetti on toast . the knitting girl see he and , in mime , ask he to stand still so that she can measure the sweater against he . grandfather , eager to help , put he plate of food on the green table between plate two and three . he go to be measure with the sweater . from the onstage area , a juggler 's assistant ( pretty girl ) in costume back up and with the usual theatrical flourish pick up , without look , plate number one and throw it off screen towards centre stage . there be a drum roll from orchestra . she then throw plate number two . we CUT on stage to the juggler now balance the two spin plate on two pole , one in each hand . he have another pole in he mouth and nod to he assistant , ask for the third plate . we CUT back to the assistant who , still not look , throw plate three which be grandfather 's . there be the sound of a orchestra raggedly stop and all the hanger - on in the scene look off interestedly . we hear the director 's voice . director ( v.o. ) all right , hold it , hold it ... o.k. John , wipe he down and we will carry on with the next act . we CUT to : centre stage . the juggler be as before but the spaghetti be cover he head , have slip off the third plate . the floor manager be bustling around , try to help . we CUT back to back -stage . grandfather have finish be measure and go to the green table where he put he plate down . he pick up the only remain plate , look at it , wonder where he food have go , shrug and head back towards the exit door as we hear the director 's voice . interior t.v. studio floor close - up on the distraught director . director where be they ? I say , where be they ? where be they ? floor manager ( placate ) they be come , I promise you . director ( fiercely ) now look , if they be not here on this floor in thirty second there 's go to be trouble ... understand I ... trouble !!! two stage hand be walk disinterestedly past , they look at the director . 1st stage hand what 's he on about , taff ? welsh stage hand well ... he 's be the director . of course , he life in a world of he own , mind . at this moment the boy , norm , shake and grandfather appear . the boy grab they instrument and prepare to play . JOHN ( to the director ) stand about , eh ? some people have it dead easy , do not they ? the director be about to blow he top but manage to hold on and mutter to the heaven . director ( to himself ) of course , once you be over thirty , you be finish . it 's a young man 's medium and I just can not take the pace . ringo be you as young as that , then ? boy shurrup ! grandfather be not it always the way ? pick on we little fella . paul ( to shake ) shove the gentleman jockey in the make - up room or something and keep you eye on he , will you ? shake I be a electrician , not a wet nurse , y'know . paul ( threateningly ) I will set John on you ! shake ( hastily ) oh , anything you say , Paul . he lead grandfather away . the boy be place in position , instrument ready . the boom move in near they . there be a mike hover just over JOHN be head . JOHN start attack it . director' voice ( over tannoy ) run through the number and try not to jiggle out of you position . the boy start the number , as the stage hand adjust they setting . when they have finish , they stand about spare . interior t.v. control room the room be crowded with the usual personnel , p.a. , elec , rack , etc .... make - up supervisor and wardrobe mistress . director that be more or less all right for I . I will give they one more run through then leave they alone until the dress ... ( to make - up woman ) oh how about make - up ? make - up woman not really , they do not need it any . we will just powder they off for shine . director good . norm , get they along to make - up will you ? norm ( rise ) sure . director ( look into the monitor ) and hurry , they be not look too happy . from the director 's p.o.v. we see into the monitor . the boy crowd around ringo . we cut through the monitor into the same position in the studio . interior t.v. studio floor paul ( to ringo ) what 's the matter with you ? you be bashing away like a madman . ringo ( briefly ) you be twanging too loud . JOHN how would you like a dirty great drum roll give you a clout right in the middle of you solo ? GEORGE you be get out of hand . I do not know what 's come over you today . ringo that 's right . it 's always I , be not it ? JOHN since you ask , yes . ( he laugh ) aah , come on , Ring , we love you . he put he arm around ringo 's shoulder . ringo well ! JOHN he will get over it . norm appear down the ramp speak as he approach . norm all right , we lot , make -up . interior make up room a smallish room with a line of chair face a wall mirror and a long table . each place be clearly mark and above each mirror a girl 's name : Betty , Angela , deirdre , Jenny . shake and grandfather be sit in splendid isolation . they be stare each other out . shake you blink ! grandfather I never do , you do . the boy enter . shake hello , he 's not talk to I . he 's have a sulk . GEORGE well , it must be catch . he 's give it to the champ here . he indicate ringo who ignore he . norm stop pick on he . ringo I do not need you to defend I , y'know , norm . JOHN leave he alone , he 's get swine fever . norm sit down , the lot of you . at this moment several actor come into the room . they be all dress in the uniform of officer in Wellington 's army . together with the boy they sit down , Beatles and soldier all mix up . now a group of several pretty make - up girl make a entrance and the boy herald they arrival with a chorus of " aye aye 's " and wolf whistle . JOHN meanwhile have help himself to a big beard and the other lad be generally mess about with assort make - up thing . head make up girl oh , this be impossible ! we will never get you all do in time . actor well , you will just have to do we first ... it make no difference to they whether they be make up or not . ( see John with beard ) and who 's I , then ? JOHN ( charmingly ) my name 's Betty ... ( point to the name on the mirror ) do you want a punch up you frogged tunic ? norm fight he way to JOHN . norm now listen , John , behave yourself or I will murder you and , shake , take that wig off , it suit you . shake have a long blond girl 's wig on . with the assistance of the girl , norm get the boy seat into the chair nearest the door . for some reason ringo now have a guardsman 's busby wedge down almost over he eye and be sit with it under a hair drier , read a copy of " Queen " Magazine . norm ( to ringo ) what do you think be you be up to ? ringo someone put it on I . JOHN excuse , that 's all we get and you know you fancy yourself in the coldstream . the girl now move in and put make up bib on the boy and start to powder they off . JOHN you will not interfere with the basic rugge concept of my personality , will you , girl ? paul eh , do not take out I line . GEORGE yeah , they give he that " je not sais quoi " rakish air . the lad laugh with pleasure . ringo decide to try a little joke . ringo ( indicate the busby he be still wear ) short back and side , please . the other look at he with mock disgust . paul behave ... JOHN foreign devil ... GEORGE Control yourself ... grandfather have be watch the powder process . grandfather in my consider opinion you be a bunch of sissy . JOHN grab a powder puff from he girl . JOHN you know you be only jealous ! and dab the old man liberally with the powder much to grandfather 's annoyance . norm leave he alone , Lennon , or I will tell they all the truth about you . JOHN you would not ! norm I would though . norm go out . paul what 's he know ? JOHN nothing , he 's try to brainwash I and give I personality doubt ... oh , he 's a swine but a clever swine , mind . grandfather ( impatiently ) lookit , I think I be suppose to be get a change of scenery and so far I have see a train and a room , a car and a room and a room and a room . well , that 's maybe all right for a bunch of powder gee-gaw like you lot but I be feel decidedly strait- jackete . this be no life for a free-boot agent of my stamp . I be a frustrated man and that class of McCartney be a dangerous McCartney . girl ( admiringly ) what a clean old man . grandfather ( touchingly ) you be too young for a fella of my cosmopolitan taste , so do not press you luck . JOHN he 's sex - obsessed , the older generation be lead this country to gallop ruin . norm return leave the door open , the boy hear the sound of music come from the studio . norm they be nearly ready for you . they be just finish the band call . JOHN ( jump from he seat ) gear ! come on , girl , let 's have a bit of a dance . john' girl I do not think its allow . JOHN well ... it would not be any fun if it be ! the boy drag the make - up girl out of the room and into the studio . the girl be still try to finish make the boy up . as the boy and make - up girl dance past , we see one of the " strauss " singer comb he long hair straight back . two stage hand swing a wind machine past he and he hair be blow straight forward into a Beatle cut . JOHN ( pass he ) never . during dance , GEORGE take off wig and place it on dummy , revealing identical hair underneath . interior t.v. studio floor the work be still go on and the music be up full blast , the boy enter and with the girl [ and ] they start a wild dance , hippy , shake , zulu , blue beat , the lot . lionel and dancers be do they routine on one side of the stage ... it become a challenge dance between both group . JOHN swing he girl onto the motorize camera , western style , and start to track through the group . GEORGE be on another camera . interior control room the whole control room crew be watch the dance on all the monitor . the director be about to stop the boy but he girl p.a. glare at he , with a shrug he let the dance go on . we now cut between the dancer on the monitor and the boy actual dance down on the studio floor . when the record music stop , they grab they instrument and go into a number . so we can watch every aspect of they work and with so many monitor it give the impression that there be many more boy than just four . when the number finally end we be back in the studio on the floor . interior t.v. studio floor director' voice over tannoy thank you gentleman , you can break now while we push on with the show . the boy acknowledge this with a quaver of guitar chord and a drum roll . norm be on they at once . norm that be great , you have get about a hour but do not leave the theatre . JOHN grab the arm of a sexy girl dancer . JOHN she 's go to show I she stamp collection . paul ( grab a showgirl ) so 's mine . norm John , I be talk to you . this final run through be important . understand ? important . JOHN ( like a pig ) oink ! oink ! they dash off with the two beauty . grandfather be hover in the background with shake . grandfather I want I cup of tea . norm shake . shake I be adjust the decibel on the inbalance . norm clever. ( he turn ) George . but GEORGE be disappear out of the door . norm turn to ringo . norm look after he . ringo but ... norm do I have to raise I voice ? ringo ( choke ) oh , all right . come here , grandad . and the two of they walk off , ringo lead . interior backstage a man , whose act be play tune by hit himself on the head , be swallow a handful of aspirin tablet . he start rehearse he act , which consist of throw he head back and slapping he cheek . next to he , a juggler be practise with four table tennis ball . grandfather pass he and bump he arm slightly . only 3 ball come down . there be the sound of cough off . we CUT to : the head -player be pat on the back . the ball drop out of he mouth and bounce slowly on the studio floor . interior t.v. studio canteen the canteen be about half full of actor many of which be dress as Nazi soldier , with mock blood bandage and arm band . also there be a sprinkle of t.v. people . at a table sit grandfather and ringo . ringo be deeply engross in a book and grandfather have a near empty cup of tea in front of he . the old man be bored and look about he slyly . he then look at ringo who be innocently occupy , a malicious gleam come into grandfather 's eye . he decide to have a go at ringo and sit stare at he . ringo gradually become aware of the stare and shift uncomfortably then try to continue read he book . grandfather ( disgustedly to no one in particular ) will you ever look at he , sit there wid he hooter scraping away at that book ! ringo well ... what 's the matter with that ? grandfather ( take the book from he ) have you no natural resource of you own ? have they even rob you of that ? ringo ( snatching back he book ) you can learn from book . grandfather can you now ? aah ... sheep ' head ! you learn more by get out there and live . ringo out where ? grandfather any old where ... but not we little Richard ... oh no ! when you be not thumping they pagan skin , you be torment you eye wid that rubbish ! ringo ( defiantly ) book be good ! grandfather ( counter ) parade 's better ! ringo parade ? grandfather ( march up and down the canteen ) that 's it , parade the street ... trail you coat ... bowl along ... live ! ringo well , I be live , be not I ? grandfather you be live , be you ? when be the last time you give a girl a pink - edge daisy ? when do you last embarrass a sheila wid you cool appraise stare ? ringo eh ... you be a bit old for that sort of chat , be not you ? grandfather at least I have a backlog of memory , but all you have get be that book ! ringo aaah ... stop pick on I ... you be as bad as the rest of they . grandfather so you be a man after all . ringo what 's that mean ? grandfather do you think I have not notice ... do you think I be not aware of the drift ? oh ... you poor unfortunate scuff , they have drive you into book by they cruel , unnatural treatment , exploit you good nature . ringo ( not too sure ) oh ... I dunno . grandfather ( confidingly ) and that lot 's never happier than when they be jeer at you ... and where would they be without the steady support of you drum beat , I would like to know . ringo yeah ... that 's right . grandfather and what 's it all come to in the end ? ringo ( defensively ) yeah ... what 's in it for I ? grandfather a book ! ringo yeah ... a bloomin ' book ! he throw the book down . grandfather when you could be out there betray a rich american widow or sip palm wine in tahiti before you be too old like I . a fine neat and trim lad the class of you should be help himself to life 's goody before the sand run out . be a old age pensioner 's a terrible drag on a man and every second you waste be bring you nearer the Friday queue at the Post Office . ringo yeah ... funny really , ' cos I would never think of it but be middle - age and old take up most of you time , do not it ? grandfather ( nodd ) you be only right . ringo ( nodd back ) I be not wrong . there be a pause , then ringo rise and cross to the door . grandfather where be you off to ? ringo I be go parade before it 's too late ! ringo leave and grandfather laugh at what he have do , then realize its full meaning and look worried . interior corridor and stairway ringo come along the corridor then down the narrow stair . half - way down he come face to face with GEORGE who be come up the stair . GEORGE eh , ringo , do you know what happen to I ? ringo ( pass he ) no. I do not . as he go round the corner ringo turn on the surprised GEORGE . ringo you want to stop be so scornful , it 's twist you face . interior t.v. theatre near stage doorman' office JOHN and paul be chat up a couple of girl , when they see ringo approach they break off the conversation . JOHN here he be , the middle - age boy wonder . ringo look at JOHN hard . paul eh. I think you be look after the old man . ringo ( with simple dignity ) get knotted ! paul and JOHN gape at he . for good measure ringo take a quick photograph of they before he leave they flabbergasted and walk off into the street . paul we have get only half a hour till the final run-through . he can not walk out on we . JOHN can not he ? he 's do it , son ! GEORGE run towards they . GEORGE eh , I do not know if you realise it , but ... paul we do . GEORGE yes . you grandfather 's stir he up . paul he have not . GEORGE yes , he 's fill he head with notion seemingly . paul the old mixer , come on we will have to put he right . the three of they go into the street . exterior t.v. theatre stage door entrance the boy look up and down but ringo have completely disappear . paul we will split up and search for he , he can not be far . they now all start to go off in the same direction , they pause , there be three road they can take but each time they begin to move they all go the same way . JOHN it 's happen at last , we have become a limited company . GEORGE I will look in here again . paul give he a push to the leave and GEORGE to the right and go straight ahead himself they part and go they separate way . exterior STREET ringo be walk along take photograph with he camera when some girl recognise he and start to follow he . they quicken they pace and ringo run ahead of they . he turn and come into another street . he see a second -hand clothes shop with a sign say " we buy anything " and enter the shop just before the pursue girl come round the corner . the girl stand about look in all direction . after a moment ringo come out of the shop . he be wear a long mackintosh and a natty cap pull well down . he be ignore by the girl who do not recognise he . realising this he go back and ogle one of they . she glare at he . ringo hello . girl get out of it , short house ! close - up on ringo 's secret but happy smile as he walk briskly down the road . exterior tow path canal ringo kick at a brick . he kick stylishly but miss so try again , miss again , but finally kick the stone which do not budge so he bend down and pull it out of the ground . it be quite big . Three quarter of it be below the surface . have get it he now decide to throw it away . as he do so the same policeman ride past on a bicycle . policeman ai not you get no more bleed sense than to go round chuck brick about . before ringo have time to answer the man have disappear . ringo ( shouting after he ) southerner ! he look at the canal water moodily ; at this moment a large lorry tyre roll down the incline and bashes he slap in the back , sprawling he on the path , the tyre on top of he . a small boy appear after the tyre and stand over the prostrate ringo . boy here , mate , that 's my hoop , stop play with it . ringo Hoop , this be not a hoop , it 's a lethal weapon . have you get a licence for it ? boy oh do not be so stroppy ! ringo ( get up ) well ! a boy of you age bowl " hoop " at people . how old be you anyway ? boy ( aggressively ) nine . ringo Bet you be only eight and a half . boy ( counter swiftly ) eight and two third . ringo well , there you be and watch it with that hoop . boy gerron out of it , you be only jealous ' cause you be old . ringo shurrup ! boy I bet you be ( search for a age ) -- sixteen ! ringo Fifteen and two third , actually . boy well -- ringo all right , take you hoop and bowl . he move off and the boy follow . boy oh you can have it , I be pack it in -- it depress I . ringo y'what ? boy you hear , it get on my wick . ringo well that 's lovely talk , that be . and another thing , why be not you at school ? boy I be a deserter . ringo ( smile in spite of himself ) be you now ? boy yeah , I have blow school out . ringo just you ? boy no , Ginger , eddy fallon and ding Dong . ringo ding Dong ? oh ding Dong Bell , eh ? boy yeah , that 's right , they be suppose to come with we but they chicken . ringo yeah ? and they be you mate be they ? boy ( sighing ) yeah . ringo not much cop without them , be it ? boy ( defensively ) oh , it 's all right . ringo ( disbelievingly ) yeah ? boy yeah . ringo what they like ? boy be glad to have something to talk about . boy ( enthusiastically ) Ginger 's mad , he say thing all the time and eddy 's good at punch and spitting . ringo how about ding Dong ? boy he 's a big head and he fancy himself with it but you know it 's all right ' cos he 's one of the gang . ringo nod he head understandingly and they mooch on together . boy why be not you at work ? ringo I be a deserter , too . boy oh . at this moment a child 's voice shout out " charley " and from ringo's p.o.v. we see three kid . ringo turn to the boy and look at they enquiringly . boy ( to ringo ) see you . the boy run off to join he mate . as he join they they punch and scuffle together . they be obviously a gang . ringo be leave alone . interior corridor t.v. theatre GEORGE come round the corner , look for ringo , then grin and walk past a sign say " canteen and production Office opposite . " he come to the exit door , cross to a modern building across from the theatre . he enter [ the ] building . interior office it be the reception room that lead to a inner office . behind a desk sit a smart young woman type busily as GEORGE enter . he be surprised when he see the girl ; she look up and speak to he at once . secretary oh , there you be ! GEORGE oh , I be sorry , I must have make a mistake . secretary ( tartly ) you have not , you be just late . ( she rise and crossing over to he examine he critically . ) oh , yes , he 's go to be very pleased with you . GEORGE be he ? secretary yes , you be quite a feather in the cap . ( she cross to the desk and pick up the inter-office phone . ) hello , I have get one ... oh , I think so ... yes , he can talk ... well ... I think you ought to see he . ( she smile ) of course , right away . she cross to the inter-office door . on the door be write simon marshal ... she open it . secretary well ... come on . GEORGE sorry . he follow she quickly in . interior the inner office a large room , part production office with model and set , draw board with ground plan , the other part of the room a mixture of pop and Queen 's magazine decor . behind a large desk sit simon marshal , a bland but slightly irritable young man of about thirty - five . he be wear the ultimate in the current smart set fashion . he be attend by a couple of underling adrian and tony and behind he on the wall be a poster of a girl . across the poster be print , " Way out , you own t.v. special with Susan campey . director , Simon marshal . " secretary ( proudly ) will this do , Simon ? simon ( look at George ) not bad , dolly , not really bad . ( he motion to George ) turn around , chicky baby . GEORGE do so . simon oh yes , a definite poss . he will look good alongside Susan . ( he indicate the girl on the poster ) all right , sunny Jim , this be all go to be quite painless . do not breathe on I , adrian . adrian have recognise GEORGE and be try to stop simon . GEORGE look , I be terribly sorry but I be afraid there 's be some sort of a misunderstanding . simon ( sharply ) oh , you can come off it with we . you do not have to do the old adenoidal glottal stop and carry on for we benefit . GEORGE I be afraid I do not understand . simon oh , my God , he 's a natural . secretary ( anxiously ) well , I do tell they not to send we any more real one . simon they ought to know by now the phony be much easier to handle . still he 's a good type . he now speak to GEORGE in the loud voice that the English reserve for foreigner and village idiot . simon we want you to give we you opinion on some clothes for teenager . GEORGE oh , by all mean , I would be quite prepare for that eventuality . simon well , not you real opinion , naturally . it will be write out and you will learn it . ( to secretary ) can he read ? GEORGE of course I can . simon I mean line , ducky , can you handle line ? GEORGE I will have a bash . simon good . hart , get he whatever it be they drink , a cokearama ? GEORGE ta. simon well , at least he 's polite . tony show he the shirt , adrian . a collection of shirt be produce and GEORGE look at they . while he be do this simon brief he . simon now , you will like this . you really " dig " they . they be " fab " and all the other pimply hyperbole . GEORGE I would not be see dead in they . they be dead grotty . simon grotty ? GEORGE yeah , grotesque . simon ( to secretary ) make a note of that word and give it to Susan . I think it 's rather touch really . here 's this kid try to give I he utterly valueless opinion when I know for a fact within four week he will be suffer from a violent inferiority complex and loss of status if he be not wear one of this nasty thing . of course they be grotty , you wretch nit , that 's why they be design , but that 's what you will want . GEORGE but I will not . simon you can be replace you know , chicky baby . GEORGE I do not care . simon and that pose be out too , sunny Jim . the new thing be to care passionately , and be right wing . anyway , you will not meet Susan if you do not cooperate . GEORGE and who 's this Susan when she 's at home ? simon ( play he ace ) only Susan campey , we resident teenager . you will have to love she . she 's you symbol . GEORGE oh , you mean that posh bird who get everything wrong ? simon I beg you pardon ? GEORGE oh , yes , the lad frequently gather round the t.v. set to watch she for a giggle . once we even all sit down and write this letter say how gear she be and all that rubbish . simon she 's a trend setter . it 's she profession ! GEORGE she 's a drag . a well - know drag . we turn the sound down on she and say rude thing . simon get he out of here !! GEORGE ( genuinely surprised ) have I say something amiss ? simon get he out of here . he 's knock the programme 's image !! the underling hustle GEORGE to the door . GEORGE ( smile ) sorry about the shirt . he be eject through the door . simon get he out . ( he stop in mid-shout ) you do not think he 's a new phenomenon , do you ? secretary you mean a early clue to the new direction ? simon ( rummage in he desk ) where 's the calendar ? ( he find it ) no , he 's just a trouble maker . the change be not due for three week . all the same , make a note not to extend Susan 's contract . let 's not take any unnecessary chance ! exterior STREET pub on the corner the sign on the pub be Liverpool arm . ringo be stand look up at it . he decide to go in and do so . interior t.v. control room the atmosphere be tense . grandfather be stand miserable in front of the director , the criminal confront by the judge . shake and norm be flanking he grimly . grandfather I be sorry lad , I do not mean it , honest . director if he say that again , I will strike he . shake ( unconvincingly ) they will be back , they be good lad , they will be back . director ( disgust ) yes ? well they have get only ten minute to the final run-through . grandfather I mean no harm . I be only try to encourage little ringo to enjoy himself . norm ( grimly , c.u. ) God know what you have unleash on the unsuspecting South . it will be wine , woman and song all the way with ringo once he 's get the taste for it . int . pub public bar close - up on ringo . he be eat a bone dry sandwich that curl up at the end . he put it down with disgust . he have a lager glass in he hand . barmaid ( accusingly ) that be fresh this morning . we now see the pub be full of enormous cockney workmen down pint . ringo be very much alone . he move away from the bar towards a group that be stand together , they have a average height of over six - foot . there be a group at a dart board . another group be play bar skittles and a third group be around a pin-ball table . near the bar be a shove - halfpenny board with two player . there be a cage parrot nearby . barmaid ( to ringo ) that will be two and nine ... ringo fumble some change out of he pocket . a few copper fall from he hand on to the shove - halfpenny board just as the crucial point have be make . the man glare at he . embarrass , he move away and without look , place he glass on the skittles table just as a player swing the string , which hit ringo 's glass . more embarrassed , ringo back away , unfortunately into the pin-table just as a win score be about to be reach . he bump it very slightly , but enough to cause it to tilt . he then move to the dart board . by this time most of the pub be stare at he . with great style he take the dart . the first throw go into a cheese sandwich which a man be point in demonstration . the second we see arrive into a pint of bitter and then we see ringo shoot the third dart and hear the sound of the parrot shouting angrily , off . the barmaid have have enough . barmaid right ... on you way ! ringo y'what ? barmaid you hear , on you way , troublemaker ! now the centre of attention , ringo back out of the pub , follow by every eye in the place , the barmaid and a few player follow he to the door ... exterior STREET outside pub ringo come out and cross road , watch by the policeman who be now quite suspicious . exterior STREET paul come down the street look about he for ringo . in the street be a old building , the sort of place that be highly favour for tv rehearsals . there be a sign on the door , " tv rehearsal room . " as paul draw near , a load of actor and extras , etc . be leave , they be in costume , they be the one who earlier have be go to a word rehearsal . when paul get near the entrance he decide to go inside . interior hall paul enter and wander about . he reach a door , push it open and look in . he see a girl clad in period costume . she be move around the room and obviously act . paul watch she for a moment and then decide to go in . interior rehearsal room paul go into the room . the girl be in mid-flight . she be very young and lovely and completely engross in what she be do . the room be absolutely empty except for paul and herself . she be act in the manner of a eighteenth - century coquette , or , to be precise , the voice English actress use when they think they be be true to the costume period ... she youth however make it all very charming . girl if I believe you , sir , I might do that thing and walk that way only to find myself on Problem 's path . but I can not believe you , and all that urging serve only as a proof that you will lie and lie again to gain you purpose with I . she dance lightly away from a imaginary lover and as she turn she see paul who be as engross in the scene as she be . girl ( surprised ) oh ! paul ( enthusiastically ) well ... go 'head , do the next bit . girl go away ! you have spoil it . paul oh , sorry I speak . he make no attempt to go . he simply continue to look steadily at the girl ; then he smile at she . she be undecided what to do next . girl be you suppose to be here ? paul I have get you worried , have not I ? girl I be warning you , they will be back in a minute . paul D ' you know something , " they " do not worry I at all . anyroad , I only fancy listen to you ... that 's all but if it worry you ... well ... girl you be from Liverpool , be not you ? paul ( ironically ) how would you guess ? girl ( seriously ) oh , it 's the way you talk . paul ( innocently ) be it ... be it , really ? girl ( suspiciously ) be you pull my leg ? paul ( look she straight in the eye ) something like that . girl ( unsure ) I see. ( airily ) do you like the play ? paul yeah ... I mean , sure , well , I take it at school but I only ever hear boy and master say that line , like , sound different on a girl . ( smile to himself ) yeah , it 's gear on a girl . girl gear ? paul aye , the big hammer , smash ! girl thank you . paul do not mench ... well , why do not you give we a few more line , like ? girl pout . paul you do not half slam the door in people 's face , do you ? I mean , what about when you be play the part , like , hundred of people will see you and ... girl ( cut in ) I be not ... paul oh , you be the understudy , sort of thing ? girl no. ( aggressively ) I be a walk - on in a fancy dress scene . I just feel like do that line . paul oh , I see . you be a actress though , be not you ? girl yes . paul aye , I know you be . girl what 's that mean ? paul well , the way you be spout , like .... ( he imitate she ) " I do not believe you , sir ... " and all that . yeah , it be gear . girl ( dryly ) the big hammer ? paul ( smile ) oh aye , a sledge . girl but the way you do it then sound so phony . paul no ... I would not say that ... just like a actress ... you know . he move and stand about like a actress . girl but that 's not like a real person at all . paul aye well , actress be not like real people , be they ? girl they ought to be . paul oh , I do not know , anyroad up , they never be , be they ? girl ( teasingly ) what be you ? paul I be in a group ... well ... there be four of we , we play and sing . girl I bet you do not sound like real people . paul we do , you know . we sound like we have a ball . it 's fab . girl be it really fab or be you just say that to convince yourself ? paul what of ? look , I would not do it unless I be . I be dead lucky ' cos I get pay for do something I love do . he laugh and with a gesture take in the whole studio paul ... all this and a jam butty too !! girl I only enjoy act for myself . I hate it when other people be let in . paul why ? I mean , which be you , scared or selfish ? girl why selfish ? paul well , you have get to have people to taste you treacle toffee . she look at he in surprise . paul no , hang on , I have not go daft . you see , when I be little I mother let I make some treacle toffee one time in we back scullery . when I would do she say to I , " go and give some to the other kid . " so , I say I would but I think to meself , " she must think I be soft . " anyroad , I be eat away there but I want somebody else to know how good it be so in the end I wound up give it all away ... but I do not mind , mind , ' cos I would make the stuff in the first place . well ... that 's why you need other people ... a audience ... to taste you treacle toffee , like . eh ... do that sound as thickhead to you as it do to I ? girl not really but I be probably not a toffee maker . how would you do that line of mine ? paul well , look at it this way , I mean , when you come right down to it , that girl , she 's a bit of a scrubber , be not she ? girl be she ? paul of course ... look , if she be a Liverpool scrubber ... ( Paul start act a Liverpool girl , he mince about then turn , extend he leg ) eh , fella , you want to try pull the other one , it 's get a full set of bell hang off it ... y' what ?... I know you sort , two coke and a packet of cheese and onion crisp and suddenly it 's love and we be stop in a empty shop doorway . you be just after I body and y'ca not have it ... so there !! girl ( shattered ) and you honestly think that 's what she mean ? paul oh , definitely , it stick out a mile , she 's try to get he to marry she but he do not want ... well ... I do not reckon any fella 's ever want to get marry . but girl be like that , clever and cun . you have get to laugh . he laugh . girl well , it 's nice to know you think we be clever . paul ( grin ) and cun . girl and what do you do about it ? paul I ? oh , I do not have the time , I be always run about with the lad ... no , we do not have the time . girl pity . paul ( not notice the invitation ) aye , it be but as long as you get by , it 's all right , you know ... bash on , happy valley 's when they let you stop . anyroad , I would better get back . girl yes . paul ( go ) see you . girl of course . paul stand at the doorway , shrug then go out . exterior STREET in the street , workmen be collect shovel , drink tea and do all the thing people do around building site . ringo mooches around . in the road be a hole with a diameter of about 3 foot , and at least 6 foot deep . ringo look down and a man be busily work at the bottom of the hole . he glare at ringo . after a moment ringo turn away . we now see a very elegant young lady come towards ringo . she be daintily avoid a series of puddle . ringo have a idea and do a Sir walter Raleigh with he large Mac spread it over one of the puddle . the girl walk across it smile graciously . ringo proceed with the coat to the next puddle and to the next back gradually towards the hole . at last he spread the coat , without notice what he be do , over the hole . the girl step onto the coat and disappear sharply . ringo look down the hole where the girl be hold in the workman 's arm . the workman rise out of the manhole until he be waist height . at this point a elegantly dress gentleman appear ( the girl 's husband ) he look at he wife in the workman 's arm and hit the workman . ringo back away through the puddle , and be nick by the policeman . [ scene 75 and 76 delete in revision . ] interior t.v. theatre near stage door the director be pace up and down the corridor . norm be also walk up and down , shake be lean against the wall quite unconcern . norm give shake a push . norm worry , will you ! shake adjust he feature to a worry expression . director ( bitterly ) well , that 's it , two minute to the final run-through ... they be bound to miss it ... norm I will murder that Lennon . director but I suppose we can survive a miss run-through as long ... shake ... as they head up for the show . oh yes , well I mean it 'ud be a pity to miss the show , would not it like . norm shurrup , cheerful . the horrible prospect hit the director . director you do not think ... norm ( reassure he ) they will be here . director oh now , they can not do that to I . ( turn on norm ) it 's all you fault . ( override norm ) oh yes it be and if they do not turn up I would not be in you shoe for all the ... shake ( help out ) ... tea in China . oh you be right , neither would I . he step away from norm and stand near the director . norm traitor ! shake nod he agreement to this assessment of he character . shake of course . at this moment JOHN , GEORGE and paul enter from the stage door . they be completely unconcern and walk past the director , shake and norm . JOHN ( as he pass by ) hi norm ! norm ( preoccupy ) hi , we lot ! the boy walk on when after a moment norm snap to . norm we lot ! GEORGE ( mildly ) do you want something . norm ( beam with delight ) I could eat the lot of you . JOHN you would look gear with a apple in you gob . director ( accusingly ) do you realise you could have miss the final run-through ? GEORGE sorry . shake eh , there 's only three of they . paul aye , we be look for ringo . but we realise he must have come back . director do you realise we be on the air , live , in front of a audience , in forty - five minute and you be one short . JOHN Control yourself or you will spurt . he 's bound to be somewhere . norm aye , let 's try the dress room . everyone start along the passage . norm and paul last . paul eh , where 's my grandfather ? norm do not worry about he . he can look after himself . paul aye , I suppose so . they run after the other . exterior t.v. theatre close - up grandfather here they be , personally sign and handwritten by you own sweet boy . the chance of a lifetime . be the envy of you less fortunate sister ! the camera pull back and we see grandfather be surround by girl who have break from the queue and be do a brisk trade with the old man . he have a large sign on which be write : " get you genuine autograph Beatles photograph . " on the edge of the crowd two policemen be try to force the girl back into the queue . finally they wade through the girl and confront grandfather . they look at the old man quizzically ; he stare back coldly . they indicate he should hop it and quick but grandfather defiantly glare back at they . so with a sigh , they grab a arm each and escort the old man off . interior police station it be the reception desk and behind it be the desk sergeant . after a moment ringo be drag in by the policeman we see he with before . ringo look , I be ringo Starr ... I have get a show to do in a few minute you have get to let I go ... I be ringo ... policeman sure , they all say that this day ... anyway ... I do not care who you be ... you can save that for the stipendary . here you be , sarge . sergeant what be he ? policeman ( reeling off the list ) I have get a little list here . wandering abroad . malicious intent . acting in a suspicious manner . conduct liable to cause a breach of the peace . you name it , he 's do it . sergeant oh , a little savage , be he ? policeman a proper aborigine . ringo ( on he dignity ) I demand to see I solicitor . sergeant what 's he name ? ringo oh , well if you be go to get technical -- at that moment there be a loud series of noise off camera , furious shouting and dull crash of wood . sergeant hello , it 's go to be one of that night , be it ? ( to policeman ) sit charley peace down over there . the policeman take ringo to a bench and sit he down as grandfather and the two policemen who be with he enter . the sign be tatter and be be lug after they . grandfather well , you get I here so do you worst but I will take one of you with I . ( kick the nearest policeman ) oh , I know you game , get I in the tile room and out come the rubber hose but I will defy you still . sergeant be there a fire , then ? grandfather lean across the desk and hiss at the sergeant . grandfather you ugly , great brute you , you have sadism stamp all over you bloat british kisser . sergeant eh ? grandfather I will go on a hunger strike . I know you caper . the kidney punch and the rabbit-clout . the third degree and the size twelve boot ankle -tap . sergeant what 's he on about ? grandfather ( squaring up ) I be soldier of the Republic , you will need the mahogany truncheon for this boyo . a nation once again . sergeant ( to policeman ) get Lloyd George over there with that mechanic in the cloth cap while I sort this lot out . the policemen hurtle grandfather firmly but gently over to the bench on which ringo be sit and then return to the desk for a whisper conference with the sergeant . meanwhile in full conspiratorial fashion grandfather talk to ringo out of the side of he mouth . grandfather ringo , I old scout , they grab yer leg for the iron too , do they ? ringo well I be not exactly a voluntary patient . grandfather shush ! have they rough you up yet ? ringo what ? grandfather ( whisper ) keep you voice down , this lot will paste you , just for the exercise . oh they be a desperate crew of dripping and they have fist like mature ham for pound defenceless lad like you . ringo ( disturb ) have they ? grandfather that sergeant 's a body - blow veteran if ever I measure one . one of we have get to escape . I will get the boy . hold on son , I will be back for you . ringo ( horrify ) me! grandfather and if they get you on the floor watch out for you brisket . ringo ( hopefully ) oh , they seem all right to I . grandfather that 's what they want you to think . all copper be villain . sergeant ( call ) would you two like a cup of tea ? grandfather you see , sly villain . ringo ( miserable ) no thanks , Mr. sergeant , sir . we now have a close shot of policemen around the sergeant 's desk . sergeant so you just bring the old chap out of the crowd for he own good . policeman yeah , but he insisted on we bring he to the station . sergeant well , he can not stop here . shot of grandfather watch policemen intently and mutter word as he do . ringo what be you do ? grandfather lip read . ringo what be they say ? grandfather nothing good . the policemen make a move towards grandfather and ringo . grandfather well son , it 's now or never . he jump to he foot and scurries towards the door . grandfather all right , you pay assassin . johnny McCartney will give you a run for you threepence ha'penny . he dash out of the door follow by the policeman who have he pile of photo . sergeant now , what 's he up to ? ringo he 's allergic to bobby , especially English bobby . the policeman with the photo return . policeman ( irish accent ) you man disappear like a leveret over a hill . ringo turncoat ! the policemen turn on ringo and walk towards he . close - up ringo ringo mother ! exterior STREET grandfather be run at top speed down the street . he be breathe heavily and run as if pursue by the hound of hell . the street however be entirely empty and no one be even in sight . as he reach the top of the street he pause and turn , look around he . from he p.o.v. we see just how empty the street be and heaving a sigh of relief grandfather cackle to himself . his triumph be short live . at this precise moment down the street come a parade of police vehicle , a Black Maria , a escort police motor bike patrol and a ordinary squad car . the procession draw up and the street be full of policeman get out of the Black Maria and squad car and off motor bike . close -up grandfather 's horrify face . grandfather be God , they have call up reinforcement , the dragnet 's out ! he dash off wildly in the general direction of the theatre . he have be completely unnotice by the policeman who be lining up for a last minute inspection by the inspector in charge . the inspector be like a commander - in- chief of a spear - head attack force . they smartly march off in the direction take by grandfather . interior t.v. theatre control room director ( watch the clock ) only half a hour and you be on ! GEORGE can I say something ? the director clutches at any straw . director ( hopefully ) yes , anything . GEORGE ( earnestly ) it 's highly unlikely we will be on ... I mean the law of average be against you and it seem that , etc. , etc .... but he speech be drown by the pitiful moan of the director . exterior t.v. theatre stage door the four little boy from the canal be be drive away by the security guard . guard ( go back into theatre ) I will have the hide off of you lot . the kid retreat as grandfather pants into shot , ignore the kid he enter the stage door but in a second he be out again , grasp firmly by the collar by the security guard . guard you ought to be ashamed of yourself . go home ! grandfather I must see pauly . guard go home then and see he on the telly . the guard re-enter the stage door . grandfather look around he and see the four kid . he hustle over and after a whisper conference we hear he offer . grandfather can you fix he for I ? boy yeah . grandfather sixpence . boy each ? grandfather be about to argue . grandfather oh , all right . boy and in advance . grandfather ( disgust ) mercenary ! but he hand over the money . the kid rush in the stage door and after a moment the furious guard chase they out and down the alley . grandfather , chuckle , nip in the door . interior t.v. control room on stage grandfather be be chase by several studio attendant ; he be dodging behind equipment . he finally get on a sound boom trolley and use it as a weapon to keep he pursuer at bay . interior t.v. control room the director , boy , and norm and shake see grandfather on the monitor . they dash out of the room and on to the stage . director ( shouting ) it 's all right , leave he alone . paul grandad , where 's ringo ? grandfather the police have the poor unfortunate lad in the bridewell . boy the police station . grandfather he will be pulp by now . JOHN what be we wait for ? GEORGE come here . paul , JOHN and GEORGE rush off . close - up director director we have only get twenty minute . exterior STREET outside police station paul , JOHN and GEORGE come run down the street in single file , they knee high in the air , they skid to a halt at the police station and without pause they dash inside . after a moment they reappear -- only this time ringo be behind they . they dash off down the street . they be follow at once by ten policemen also in single file . they be also pound along knee high in the air . the boy and the copper disappear around the corner . at once , they reappear from the other direction , then run down the street still follow by the policeman . when they reach the police station another group of police bar they way so they be force to run up the stair and inside . interior police station the desk sergeant be stand behind he desk look very surprised . at this moment the boy run in and stand panting in front of the desk . before the sergeant can start speak the pursue policemen arrive . they , too , be out of breath . sergeant what be all this ? JOHN ( heaving and panting ) hold on until we get we breath . the boy and policemen pant on until JOHN seem to have recover . sergeant all right now ? JOHN sure. ( to boy ) ready ? the boy nod and without further ado they turn and run through the surprised rank of policemen and out into the street . exterior STREET the chase carry on . Shots of boy be pursue ( still in single file ) by police , include the sergeant with one shot where the boy be chase the policemen . finally , as they approach the theatre , they be see by the girl fan who swarm around the police , over run they . the boy grin to each other and be about to make off when from they p.o.v. we see the inspector and policemen block it . JOHN ah well , it be worth a try . inspector ( call to sergeant ) what do you think you be up to ? sergeant arrest that boy , sir . inspector that 's all we need to start a real riot ! ( to boy ) come on lad , they be wait for you . interior theatre backstage the Inspector now hustle the boy through the crowd and in through the main entrance of the theatre where shake and norm be wait . norm look suspiciously at ringo who be still wear he cap . ringo whip it off and norm delightedly hug he . the boy dash through the stall entrance and on stage . the director see they and burst into tear with relief . norm hustle the lad into the wing to be change into they show costume . all around they last - minute preparation be go on . director boy , you do not know what this mean to I . if you have not come back it would have be the epilogue or the news in welsh for life . norm be not you suppose to be in that box ? the director give norm a final glare and dash off . paul and another thing , where 's that old mixer ? grandfather here , pauly . and sit on a box sadly chasten sit grandfather . paul well , I get a few thing to say to you , two - face John McCartney . JOHN aw , leave he alone Paul , he 's back , be not he ? and it 's not he fault he 's old . paul ( hotly ) what 's old get to do with it ? JOHN you need not bother . paul y'what ? JOHN practise to be thick -headed , you be there already . paul look he 's a mixer and a trouble maker ! JOHN that 's right , but he 's only ask we to pay attention to he , be not you ? from JOHN 's p.o.v. we see grandfather . he look what he be , a tired old man . JOHN you see. ( to grandad ) you know you trouble -- you should have go West to America . you would have wound up a senior citizen of Boston . as it be you take the wrong turn and what happen , you be a lonely old man from Liverpool . grandfather ( fight back ) but I be clean . the boy giggle and slap he on the back . interior tv theatre auditorium we see the audience of girl stream in and settling down in they place for the show . there be the usual business of get the show ready and we see shot of the girl ' face , then JOHN , paul , ringo and GEORGE look at they . at last on cue from the floor manager the boy start they act to the audience 's scream . during the number we constantly CUT away to the audience with various shot of the ecstatic girl . in the middle of this shot we see norm stand at the side of the audience he face glow with satisfaction . we follow he gaze and from norm p.o.v. we see grandfather handcuff to shake , but in spite of this , the old man be enjoy himself . the boy now perform a medley of number , i.e. , a little of all the song we have hear during the story . this give the impression of a full set and we finish after they bow . while they be do so they look again in the general direction of shake and grandfather and from they p.o.v. , we see shake be beat time to the music but from he wrist dangle a empty set of handcuffs . grandfather have go again . as the boy be reacting to grandfather 's disappearance once again , the trap door on the stage open and grandfather appear in the centre of the group as they finish they act and take they final bow . interior studio corridor norm be wait for the boy . with he be two studio attendant carry the boy ' luggage . as the boy excitedly appear he speak to they . norm I have get the stuff . come here . paul be not we ... norm no , we be not ! he hurry they along . norm the office be on the phone , they think it would be better if we push straight to wolverhampton . JOHN tonight ? we can not make it ... norm you have get a midnight matinee . JOHN now , look here , norm ... norm no , you look here , John . I have only one thing to say to you . JOHN what ? norm you be a swine . so hurry up ... we be travel ! norm turn down a side exit where the door be open to the field . in it be a eight - passenger helicopter . exterior stage door t.v. theatre the boy and norm come out of the building and start to run towards the helicopter . paul ( look behind he ) where 's my grandfather ? norm ( arrive at helicopter door ) do not start . look . the boy look in the passenger bay and there be grandfather . he be still handcuff to shake but clutching he pile of photo . grandfather ( beckone they in with he free hand which hold the photo ) come on , you be hang up the parade . the boy shout " get rid of that thing , etc . " exterior field the final shot be of the helicopter rise up ( shot from below ) . as it disappear , a shower of photo come from its window . we cut to a close - up of one sign photo as it hit the ground and super the close credit over it . the end