July 18 , 2003 a history of violence by josh Olson ext . california highway - morning a batter old motel by the side of the road . the roof be chop up , nasty look . paint peel from the wall . a large , pathetic green papier maché dinosaur - some toothless mental case 's idea of a tyrannosaurus rex be situate in front of the office . a sign read '' room $ 24.98 and up ! '' the door to one of the unit open and leland , a reedy look guy , almost make out of beef jerky , step out , small suitcase in hand and take in the morning . a voice call out from inside . billy you think maybe we could just turn around ? leland Nah . billy - short , chunkier , wear jeans and a old johnny Cash tee shirt - walk out , hefting a grubby backpack and lighting a cigarette . leland {cont have ) life 's all about chaice , billy . ai not no video game where you get to hit the restart button any time you be not happy . they walk over to a well wear old convertible . leland take the top down and : throw he suitcase in the back . billy do the same with he pack . leland ( cont would ) we be who we be and we do what we do . whatever . billy yeah , I guess . I be just tired , though . leland yuh . I , too . he toss billy the key . leland ( cont no ) here . warm ‘er up and bring ‘er on up to the office . I be gonna go check we out . billy say . leland walk towards the office as billy climb into the car . billy sit in the driver seat and look around . ( continued } 2 . @ continued : the sun beat down on the desert . no breeze , just a faint , low electric hum from the power line that head off into the distance . billy close he eye and enjoy the sun on he face . de sigh and put the key in the ignition . the engine start . billy kick it into gear and slowly pull out . he drive the car up to the office and slow down , leave the engine idling . he slide a casette tane - johnny Cash ~ into the player and lean back , wait patiently for he friend . a long beat , and then leland walk out of the office . billy ( cont ’d} what take so long ? leland nothin’ . Little trouble with the may , but everything 's fine now . johnny ! billy johnny . leland , hum along with johnny , slide into the driver seat as billy slide over . @ leland damn , eight am and already this hot . billy yuh . leland we get any water ? billy prolly not enough . leland yeah . there 's a machine back in the office . billy I will go . he climb out of the car and leland get behind the wheel . billy walk to the motel office . int . motel office it 's quiet . billy walk in and look around , see what he 's . look for . he walk across the room and as he go , we see blood splatter on the wali . e ( continued } continued : pull back to reveal the motel clerk behind the desk , shot in the chest , dead . a maid lie on the floor in a pool of blood , shot in the head . billy step over she and go to a cooler against the wall and take out three bottle of water . he hear a noise and freeze . he turn to see the bathroom door against the far wall open , and a little girl step ont . she see the tableau in front of she and gasp . billy drop the bottle and pull a revolver out of he waistband and point it at the girl . she look at he in terror and open she mouth to scream . billy 's finger tighten on the trigger . cur to : black a scream rip through the silence . int . mckenna house - tom & edie 's bedroom - night tom mckenna , a slightly weathered husband and father of two , snap awake at the sound of the scream and leap out of bed , race to the door in the dark . int . mckenna house - sarah ‘s room sarah mckenna - a adorable five year old girl - be sit bolt upright in she bed , scream . a light snap on as Tom , wear pajama bottom and a worried look - come racing in to save he daughter . he take she in he arm . tom Sarah ! honey ! what 's wrong ? what be it ? his daughter stop scream and look around blearily , then up at she father . sarah daddy ? daddy ? tom daddy 's here , baby . daddy 's here . sarah there be monster ! {continued ) continued : tom no , baby . there 's no such thing as monster . it be just a bad dream . daddy 's here now . jack mckenna , 16 , hair a mess , wear a beastie boy tee shirt and boxer , walk in the door . jack what 's wrong , dad ? tom hey , kiddo . Sarah just have a bad dream . sarab T see monster , jacki Jack walk over to he sister 's bed and sit down beside she . jack monster ! cool ! what kind ? Tom shoot he son a dirty look . sarah I do not know . they be in the shadow . jack hmnm . shadow monster . they look pretty scary . but they can not really do anything . especially when the light be on . they be afraid of the light . tom Jack ! edie mckenna , a strong and lovely woman , possibly a little young than Tom , stand in the doorway in a robe . edie what happen ? tom Sarah have a bad dream about monster . ( shoot a look at Jack ) I be tell she there be no monster . sarah Jack say shadow monster be afraid of the light . Tom shake he head . edie smile . edie it would seem there be two school of think on the matter . ( continued } continued : ( 2 } tom you could say that . sarah I '' go to turn on my night light , just in case . edie that sound like a brilliant solution . edie sit on the bed and hug she daughter . Tom smile and put he arm around he son , who pull away , embarrassed . he be , after all , 16 . ext . mckenna house a large , sturdy farmhouse in the middle of a huge corn field ~ the house be at least a hundred year old , and well keep up . a old station wagon park in front of a small barn . one barn door be open , revealing a old pickup inside . a tricycle in front of the porch . a propane tank a few yard from the front of the house , off to the side . halfway across the field , a tiny shack that have not see use in decade . on the other side of the house from the barn , a swing set and a small slide . Dawn 's rosy finger creep across the cornfield . another day in taylorville , Indiana . ext . hank quigley 's house - morning a small , dilapidate two bedroom house on the side of the road , probably build around the same time as the mckenna house , the difference be nobody 's spend any time keep this place up . paint peel , board be crack and weathered , and the whole place look two step away from be abandon . int . hank quigley 's bedroom a small room , sparsely furnish . a small dresser in the corner with a dirty , crack mirror . a dozen different vial of prescription medicine be strewn around on it . the sun stream harshly through the small window . hank quigley , late fifty / early sixty - once a rock of a man , now go a little soft - sit on the bed in old boxer . ke have two round scar on he upper chest . his eye be moist as he look at a wedding photo of Tom and edie . a half empty bottle of whiskey sit on the night stand . hank take it , raise it to he lip , then pause . he put it back on the stand , look at it a beat , then put down the photo and get up , walk to the bathroom . lle stop by the dresser , bend over and pick up a pill bottle , put it on the dresser . ( continued ) continued ; for the first time we see he back - there be at least half a dozen smaller round scar spread across it . he walk into the bathroom , and we hear the sound of a shower go on . int . mckenna house - kitchen ~ morning edie , Tom and Sarah sit around a table , eat breakfast . sarah I think Jack 's right about shadow monster , daddy . tom oh , really ? she nod . sarah but I think there 's something he do not know . edie what 's that , honey ? sarah I think shadow monster be not as bad as other monster . and I think when other monster come , the shadow monster beat they up . tom sort of protector monster , then . she nod and eat a spoonful of cereal . edie smile , then look over at the empty space on the table and frown . edie ( Calling out ) Jack ! dack walk in , dress for school . jack what ? edie shake she head . Jack sit down at the table , turn to Sarah . dack {cont would } night Light work , do not it ? ( continued ) continued : she nod vigorously . Tom turn to edie . tom I '' run a bit late today . can you drop I off on the way in ? edie sure . tom great . thanks . ( turn to Jack ) what do you have go on today ? jack nothing much . math test in a few day . I think we be play baseball in gym today , so I can look forward to suck hard in right field , tom you remember what I tell you , right ? hang back . never let the hitter get one over you head , .. jack unless it 's over the fence , tom right ! they continue they pleasant , familial chatter as we slowly pull back . ext , taylorville - road ~ day the mckenna 's station wagon tool down the road towards town . int . mckennan station wagon edie 's at the wheel . Tom sit next to she , look out the window . edie notice the half smile on he face . edie what ? tom hmm ? oh , just think about Jack and Sarah . edie they be pretty incredible . {continued } continued : a tom that 's a understatement . her whole theory about shadow monster protect she from worse monster ? edie awful young for that kind of moral relativity . tom yeah . I guess . she 's just brilliant . they be both brilliant . edie God , it 's amazing , be not it ? tom what 's that ? edie one minute you be this dumb kid , run around like a idiot , get inte trouble , dream this impossible dream , and then , all of a sudden , you be this grow - up sit around worry about whether or not you child be gonna be okay . tom I remember read a book in high school that have a bit about that . something about how one moment summer vacation 's the longest stretch of time imaginable and a unhook bra strap be as close to heaven as you can possibly imagine . the next , you nre middle age wonder where it all go . edie do not be in such a hurry . we be not middle age yet . tom yeah , I know . edie t do not feel like a real grow - up yet . tom yeah . you think we ever will ? {continued ) continued : ( 2 ) edie yup . everyone do , eventually . sooner or later , you be gonna wake up and find out you have turn into that cranky old guy who yeil out the window , '' keep that noise down , you gaddam kid ! '' ' tom God . kill I before that happen , okay ? edie oh , honey , I x11 have leave you long before that . she smile at he , and slow the car down . he lean towards she and they kiss . the kiss grow long and passionate - edie be surprised , but happy . Tom 's hand slide inside the back of she shirt and move towards she bra . she pull away , laugh . edie ( cont no ) what be you do ? tom you know , a unhook bra be still pretty damn close to heaven . edie you be a nut . he smile warmly at she . edie ( cont would ) I ' 1l be do early today . all I have be the Watson 's will and Dave Ryan 's tractor sale , want I to come pick you up ? tom we can go to the drive - in and make out tonight . edie Tom , there have not be a drive - in in this town since the early ninety . he smile and look intently at she . she look back with the same intensity . this two be still very much in love . ext . taylorville outskirt Tom get out of the car , and edie drive away . Tom walk towards town . ext . taylorville - CENTER a small town , pleasant and clean . shop line the street , and car drive by - people on they way to work and school . Tom walk down the street , clearly enjoy the sun on he face . {continued ) continued ; a deep , thumping bass fade up behind he , and Tom turn to see a car cruise towards he , rap blast out of it . three high school kide be in the car . Tom wave at the car as it go by . the car slow , and jare , the driver lean out the window . jare hey , Mr. mckenna ! tom hey , Jared . jare Charlotte tell I to tell you she 's gonna have to be half a hour late this afternoon . tom okay , Jared . thanks . jare no problem . the car peel out , music still pound . Tom watch they go , smile . tom { to himself ) keep that noise down , you goddam kid . ext . mckenna 's diner - day a very nice , clean diner on a well travel street . a couple of local walk by and wave to Tom as he approach the diner . he open the door , then pause when he see something . he lean down and scrape a smudge off the window with he finger . he walk into the diner . int . mckenna's diner PAT johnson , a wiry man in he mid fifty in dusty overall sit at the counter , sip at a cup of coffee . he 's the classic midwestern farmer . mick , the short order cock back in the kitchen wave as Tom come in . tom Morning Pat , Mick . PAT who 's the craziest woman you ever date ? tom whoa , ' scuse I ? {continued ) continued : will . PAT Mick and I 's just talkin’ about woman we be with . he once date a woman use the attack he in the middle of the night . tom she what ? mick she would have this crazy goddam dream where instead of she boyfriend , I be some kind of dement killer . I wake up one night she would stick a goddam fork in my arm . tom Jesus . mick i be spurtin ' blood and she 's sittin’ there , cry , goin ' '' baby , I love you , I love you . '' tom if she really love you , she have have use a spoon . Pat crack up . Mick smile . tom ( cont have ) you dumped she , right ? mick nope. married she . lasted six year . tom you marry she ? mick well , yeah . nobody 's perfect , Tom . Tom nod = he can not argue with that . PAT yeah , well , I get that beat . I date a psychiatrist in New York for a whole year . mick hard to top that . PAT I be tellin’ you , there 's only one reason a person get into that line of work , and it 's not to help crazy folk . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) tom what the hell be you do in New York ? PAT you be not the only one from out of town . I be bear and raise there . tom in New York ? PAT uh huh . tom city ? PAT well , sure . mick who 's the craziest girl you ever go out with , Tom ? tom I dunno . I never really have any crazy girlfriend . PAT sure be not edie . tom ha. no . she 's definitely the sanest woman I have ever know . PAT honest , too . tom yup . PAT when she help I sell the farm ... tom I remember this . PAT that big combine try to slide some shit in , some mumbo jumbo that no have I pay the close cost . they claim it be just a little mistake , but she go on the warpath , I be tell you . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) PAT ( cont would ) this company , they slip in a line here , a line there , hope you do not catch it and they just screw you a little more . tom yeah , she hate that . edie could not cheat someone if she life depend on it . par good woman . tom I remember we be out on we first date , and that song I & Mrs. Jones come on . {fom chuckle ) we be talk about the lyric , how it 's about this guy screwing some other guy 's wife , and edie ? she 's stunne . she alway S think it be Mr. Jones sing about how great he wife be . Tom shake he head in amusement , then spot something outside ~ hank quigley stand outside , look in thoughtfully . tom ( cont no ) ' scuse I , fella . he walk to the door and open it , just as a middle aged woman walk through , middle aged woman Morning , Tom . tom Morning , Patty . i‘1l be right in to help you . she walk over to a booth and Tom step outside . ext . mckennaa diner hank stand a few foot away from the door . Tom approach he . tom hank ? hank yuh . tom what , wh .... can T help you ? hank yuh . you get a minute ? ( continued } e * continued : tom well ... it 's just start up in there , but ... yeah . sure . come on in . hank look uncertainly at the door . Tom nod and open it for he , and hank walk in . int . mckenna 's diner Tom lead hank to a corner booth . tom Mick , take care of Patty , would you ? Mick wave acknowledgement and Tom sit down across from hank . bank I know I get no call to come to you like this , Tom . we do not have nothing even look like a relationship . tom weli , no , but , you know , come on . we be like family ... what can I ...? @ ~ hank no , family 's more than just name . tom well ... yeah . I guess . but still .... what 's on you mind ? hank how 's edie doin ' ? tom she 's good , hank . she 's really good . hank nod . tom ( cont would ) you know , maybe you should , you know , come by or something . some time . hank yeah . that 's what I want to talk to you about . Tom wait patiently for hank to collect he thought . Pat walk by , head for the door , look at hank . hank ( cont ’d} and the kid . Jack and ... @ ( continued ) continued : hank nod . 15 . tom Sarah 's the youngest . they be fine . you would be proud . hank I have be proud . everything i ever lose , I lose to pride , and the thing it get I ... well , I coulda just go down to the five and dime and buy ‘em . T make a mess of my life , Tom . a real mess . you know edie and I be not exactly be close . tom yeah . hank I want to try to make some thing up to she . I have like to get to know my grandchild before ... before they be not child anymore . tom I think they no like that . hank you think ? I be not the best person , but I no like to try to make up for that . tom I will bring it up to edie , hank . in 1l see what 7 can do . tom ( cont would ) can I get you anything ? you want some breakfast ? hank naw . I eat already . I best be move along . tom okay . hank get up and walk to the door . he stop , turn to Tom , and nod in gratitude . Tom nod back , then get up and walk back to the counter , mick hank quigley , huh ? man , he use to be one mean old son of a bitch . tom that 's what I hear . ( continued ) 16 . continued : { 2 ) mick oh , shit . yeah . of course . J hear he get all kind of shot up over in ' nam . Heard this one story .... tom Mick . we have customer , and Charlotte ' 's come in late today . mick right . right . I '' on it . int . taylorville high - baseball field - day gym class ~ a softball game in progress . Jack sit on a bench by the wire fence , watch he team at bat . he and he teammate wear red gym shirt , the other team wear blue . judy danver —- same age a5 Jack and a real alterna~chick - walk up behind he and hit the fence . Jack turn . jack hey . judy hey . how 's it go ? jack same old crap . what do they have you guy do ? qudy sprint . I have rather be play ball . Jack shrug . judy ( cont would ) what position you play ? jack coach have I play deep right field . Real exciting . judy what 's the score ? jack we be up by one . but they have one more inning . the batter strike out , and the coach blow he whistle . Jack ( cont would ) well , gotta get out to the boondock . catch ya later . ( continued } 17 . continued : judy yeah . wanna work on math stuff later ? jack sure} he run out to deep right field , put on he glove . Judy go back to join the other girl . ext . taylorville high ~ baseball field - later Jack stand out in deep right field bored out of he mind . in the distance , on the track , Judy run past and wave . bobby jordan , class jock and all round tough guy , walk up to bat . one man 's already on third base . bobby one win run , come up . his teammate cheer - '' go get ‘em , Bobby ! '' etc . the pitcher wind up and pitch . Ball . Bobby sidestep it . the pitcher wind up again and fire . Jack step back , deeper into right field . Bobby swing , and hit with a loud crack . the ball sail through the air right towards Jack . Bobby race towards first . Jack race back and forth , glove ready , try to get under the ball . close on ~ Bobby , smirk arrogantly . he know Jack 's gonna miss . thwap ! Jack catch the ball . the kide on Jack 's team cheer loudly . Bobby look furious . Jack look down at he glove , slightly amaze - this kid be not the big athlete . he look up and see he teammate cheer he . coach walk out on the field . coach game over . reds win ! Jack look around and smile . Bobby storm off the field , furious . a couple of Jack 's teammate run up to he and pat he on the back . '' Way to go , mckenna ! " 18 . int . taylorville high ~ boy 's locker room the boy get back into civvy . Jack stand at he locker , put on a shirt . Bobby walk over to he , a pair of he buddy with he . bobby I guess you think you be hot shit , mckenna . jack what ? no. I do not . bobby Little superstar , here , huh ? Little hero save the day at the last minute , right ? jack what ? Bobby , it 's just a game . it 's just stupid gym class . bobby who you callin’ stupid ? jack no , I say gym class be stupid . bobby { to he buddy ) '' wo , I say gym class be stupid . '' listen to this little faggot . jack yes , you nre right . I be both little and a faggot . you get I dead to rights . Bobby push Jack up against he locker with a thud . bobby come on , chickenshit . let 's do it . jack what would be the point ? bobby what ? jack I mean , we nve already establish that I '' little , that I be a faqgot and that y '' chickenshit . what 's the point of pummel I mercilessly ? bobby what ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : jack I mean you win . you have establish you alpha male stand . you have establish my unworthiness . do violence to I just seem pointless and cruel , do not you think ? some of the other kid be laugh now , which piss off the confuse robby . this be not the response he expect . bobby come on , you punk ass bitch . jack should not that be '' Little punk ass chickenshit faggot bitch 's ? bobby God ! he push Jack against the locker and storm away , piss off . a few kid laugh . Jack breathes a sigh of relief and turn back to he locker . ext . taylorville high Jack walk out of the gym and look up as a few fat drop of rain plunk down . alex , another student , walk over to Jack . alex that be hilarious . haw would you do that ? jack do what ? . blex you like ... yau beat he by agree with he . jack I dunno . it beat the alternative , I guess . alex ( chuckle ) I all say . that be really great . jack thanks . Alex walk away . Jack shake he head and smile , then walk towards school as it start to rain . 20 . ext . two lane blacktop - dusk johnny Cash sing as a light rain come down on the road . int . leland and billy car leland behind the wheel , billy look out the window , both of they silently sing along with johnny . it 's a different car than they be drive earlier . billy see something on the side of the road as they pass and sit up . billy Holy shit ! leland what ? billy do yon see that ? leland what . by the side of the road ? billy we gotta go back . leland we what ? billy look , trust I . I ' 11 be quick , ext . two lane blacktop a very attractive young woman lean over the hood of a break down car , frustrated . her jeans be low sling and tight . she wear a old flannel shirt , half buttone over a tight fitting jacket . leland and billy 's car slow down as it pass she , then pull over a few yard in front of she . she look up , a little nervous . int . leland and billy car leland shake he head . leland Jesus Christ , billy . ( continued} continued : billy she 's something , be not she ? leland yeah , she be . ( look at he watch ) just be quick . billy you do not want to come ? leland I be too tired . billy suit yourself . ext . two lane blacktop billy hitches up he pants as he walk towards the woman . billy car break down , huh ? young woman I think it 's overheate . do you know anything about engine ? billy I know something about some thing . sure be a nice night . young woman um ... yeah . it be . I '' suppose to be ... my husband 's expect I home any minute , you know . billy bad place for a breakdown , y'know . out here , middle of nowhere ... he bend over and look at she engine , still smile . she watch nervously from the side . billy gesture to she . billy ( cont ‘d} it be not the engine , it 's the carburator . c' mere , take a look . she cautiously step closer , his eye run up and down she body ~ he 's practically lick he lip . billy ( cont would ) yeah , you get a leak here , see ? 21 . {continued ) 22 . continued : she look down and see steam leak from a pipe . billy {cont would ) should not be drive a car in this condition , you know . need to tie something around this . he look she up and down and smile . billy ( cont would ) fake off that shirt . young woman my shirt ? he nod . she hesitates , then take off she flannel shirt . billy reach into he back pocket , eye gleam . int . leland and billy car - twilight leland lean back in the driver 's seat , hat over he eye , 4 cigarette burn down to the filter dangle from he lip - a loud thump and the passenger door open and billy heave himself into the seat . leland push back he hat . leland you do ? billy yeah . leland no more stop tonight . billy no more stop tonight . leland alright , then . he start the car and peel out , not look back . int . attractive young woman 's car the young woman sit behind the wheel , smile , as she drive down the road . she 's not wear she flannel , and we see the image on the front of she tee shirt for the first time - a angry johnny Cash flipping the bird at the photographer . ext . mckenna n's diner - dusk Tom stand outside the diner , stretch after a long day . edie pull up in the station wagon . the rain be let up . edie hey , good look . tom hey . he climb in . int . mckenna's station wagon edie start up and drive down the street . tom aw , no . do we have to go to the store ? edie we be not go to the store . tom we be not ? edie Jack 's study over at Judy danver 's house , and martha 's take care of Sarah . tom oh yeah ? edie yeah . tom so where be we go ? edie we never get to be teenager together . tom uh huh . edie I be go to £ix that . Tom cock a eyebrow . tom ( 0.s.} cannonball ! 24 , ext . pond - night the mckenna 's station wagon sit near a idyllic pond . a cooler full of beer sit nearby , and a small boom box sit on the hood , blast late seventies rock and rall . edie be in the water , naked . a naked Tom fly through the air , curl in @ ball , and land with a huge splash . edie laugh , and Tom swim up to she and they kiss . a loud buzzing , and Tom break the kiss to swat at a mosquito . tom damn ! edie yeah , that 's kind of the downside . tom that and the freezing water . edie sort of make it hard to achieve the desire effect , huh ? ' tom honey , there 's nothing hard within a mile of this place . another mosquito buzze by and edie swat at it . tom ( cant no ) you ever think maybe kid do not come here because it be so perfect but because they do not have anywhere else to make out ? she look at he thoughtfully , then smile . ext . pond - twenty second later edie and Tom , now loosely dress , leap into the car and peel out . int . mckenna house - tom and edie ‘s bedroom - night edie come out of the bathroom in she nightgown . she lay down next to he end kiss he warmly on the mouth . edie that be great . ( continued } 25 . continued : Tom smile and run he finger through she hair . he seem a little distant . edie ( cont would ) what be it ? he roll over take she head in he hand and look intently into she eye . tom tt 's so amazing . L remember the moment T know you be in love with I . it see it in you eye in a instant . I can still see it . edie of course you can . I still love you . tom I be the luckiest son of a bitch alive . he ease back , petting she head , eye look off in the distance . edie what be it , honey ? what 's wrong ? tom you be gonna hate my timing . edie what ? ' tom you father come by the diner today . she tense at this , edie what do he want ? tom he want to see you , honey . he want to meet the kid . she sit up , tense , tight and hard . edie we all want what we can not have . tom edie ... honey .... 1 guess it 's none of my business , but .... ( continued ) continued : she stop , fe smile . 26 . ( 2 ) edie you be right . it 's none of .... shake she head . edie ( cont ‘d} I be sorry , baby . I be sorry . do not let I be that girl . edie ( cont would ) Z do not want to see he . T do not want he near my kid . tom he be a drunk . he use to hit you , I know . nothing good come out of that . but he seem ... edie no . T do not care . I do not care why he do what he do . I do not want to see he , and I do not want he near my child . tom it do not know the man . we have meet maybe five time in eighteen year , and today be the longest we ever talk . but the man who come into the diner today be beat down . he know he screw up , edie . he want to make amend , TI think . edie he can not . tom honey .... people change . edie 1 know that , Tom . people change every day . you hear people talk , and hank quigley be the nicest man in town before the war . but what happen over there sure as hell change he . tom it change a lot of people . edie my mother try for year . she do everything she could to help he , to look past what he no become . ( more } ( continued } 27 . continued : ( 3 ) edie {cont would ) but he do not change . now he have , maybe , but it 's too late . tom it 's just ... I wish the kid have grandparent . I do not exactly provide well on that front . she lean down and run she hand down he cheek . edie you be the best man I have ever know , Tom mckenna , and you provide for this family every single day . she roll over and hit the switch on the bedside lamp . it flicker on and off , and she grimace . Tom smile and lean over she and shake it , and the light snap on in full . she kiss he on the cheek in gratitude , and pick up some papers and start to read . Tom look at he wife thoughtfully . a smile spread across he face , and he rolis over to go to sleep . ext , taylorville — afternoon ' Tom walk down the street . town 's a little more crowded than last time - it 's Saturday afternoon , a pair of kid race by Tom . one kid have plastic wolverine claw , the other be wear huge green hulk fist . he smile as they pretend to duke it out . int . mckennaa diner the place be crowded . Charlotte be deliver a meal to a table . Mick be cranking away at a dozen order . Tom walk in , SAM carney , the local sheriff , sit at the counter suck down some coffee . Tom slap he on the back . tom hey , Sam . SAM afternoon , Tom . tom how 's thing ? SAM good. good. gettin 's ready for Saturday night . tom yuh . expecting trouble tonight ? {continued } 28 . continued : SAM just the usual . drunk asshole . cow tipping . tom do not forget ufo abduction . SAM right . how 's edie ? tom good as ever . Sam nod . ext . town square — night the town square 's a nice piece of land . well keep , a few tree , with City Hall - the nicest building in town ~ right in the center . kid in car drive around and around , music blast from every window . Jack and Judy sit alongside the building , pass a joint back and forth , watch the kid go round and round . judy you ever wonder what kid do for fun on a Saturday night a hundred year ago ? jack I dunno . I always figure they get into they parent 's wagon and go cruise around they town square play loud banjo music and act like idiot . judy so you think this be as good as it get ? jack for we ? yeah . for now . eventually we grow up and get job and have affair and eventually become alcoholics . Judy look at he a long beat , then take a hit off the joint . judy ya know , sometimes you depress I . Jack smile . int . bobby‘s car Bobby and he pal be drive around the square , pass a bottle of beer in a bag around . sobby 's behind the wheel . he look out and spot Jack and Judy and frown . ( continued ) 29 . continued : buddy # 1 hey , be not that that mckenna faggot ? bobby yeah . buddy # 1 you should go kick he ass , bobby I '' thinkin’ about it . he swerve into the next lane , and a horn honk loudly at he . he hit the brake and look back , see he 's almost drive into another car ~ a batter old pickup . he flip the truck the finger - leland and billy sit inside the truck . billy give Bobby a very cold glare and Bobby poll back he finger , scared . billy nod and they drive on - buddy # 1 who the fuck be that ? bobby I do not know . and I do not want to . int . leland and billy 's truck billy 's look back at Bobby 's car . billy can I just say how sick T be of this podunk town and the goddam podunk who live in they ? leland you think if you keep say that it 's gonna change anything ? billy I be just sick of this shit . leland yeah , you make that clear about ten thousand mile ago , billy . until you come up with a better idea , I do not want to hear about it anymore . billy well , we could stop for some pie . leland yeah , we could . I be goddam hungry . billy typical small town shit hole . there 's get to be a diner ' round here somewhere . 30 . ext . town square Jack and Judy , still sit . Judy look over to the street and see Bobby climb out of he car . judy oh , shit . jack what ? judy Bobby . jack what the hell be the matter with that guy ? let 's get out of here . they get to they foot and walk the opposite direction . int . mckenna nos diner Mick 's behind the stove , clean and close the place down , Charlotte 's wiping down a table . jeff and lisa , a pair of high school kid sit at a booth , eat ice cream . Tom be sit behind the counter , talk to Pat , who 's finish up he dinner . PAT good as ever , Tom . Pat slap some bill down on the counter and head for the door . he wave to Mick , who wave back . PAT ( cont would ) see you in church , Tom . tom ayuh . have a good evening . Pat open the deor to walk out , and bump smack into leland . PAT oh , excuse I , leland s‘airight , old man . he hold the door open for Pat and let he out , smile coldly . Pat look at he , troubled . billy walk in after leland , watch Pat go . billy and leland walk up to the counter . tom just close up , fella . ( continued ) 31 . continued : @ leland coffee . Black . billy same . and some pie . gimme some pie . tom guy , I tell you we be just close up - leland I say coffee ! Charlotte look up at this , worried . Jeff and Lisa look over , interested . Tom look at leland a beat , then nod . tom okay . I think we can handle that . he walk over to the coffee machine and pick up a pot . tom ( cont no ) Charlotte , you can go home now if you want . leland ( nod to the door ) billy . @ billy walk over to the door , cut off Charlotte . billy I think you be gonna stick around a while , honey . charlotte Tom ? Tom look at she , worried , then over to Jeff and Lisa , who look scared . he turn to leland . tom we do not carry much money here , but you be welcome to all of it . let 's just do this quickly , okay ? leland we will do it however we want to , asshole . he pull out a gun and point it at Tom , who stand with the coffee pot in he hand , billy pull out he gun and point it at Charlotte . Lisa scream . leland ( cont would ) shut up , bitch ! ( continued ) e@ 32 . @ continued : ( 2 ) she stop , terrify . Jeff put he arm around she , look at the two man in fear . leland {cont have ) show this asshole we mean business , billy . billy ( nodding to Charlotte ) what , she ? leland yeah , she . fuck she . do it . tom no ! do not ! billy shrug and pull the trigger . click . billy look at the gun , puzzle . leland look to billy - what the fuck ? without even think , Tom lash out with the coffee pot , smash it into leland 's face , the glass shatter . leland cry out and drop he gun , fall to the floor . Tom leap over the counter and pick up leland 's gun . billy quickly ratchet another bullet into the chamber of he gun and turn to Tom . Tom fire , hit billy in the chest , send he spin - Lisa scream . leland grab a knife from the floor and slam it into Tom 's foot . Tom scream in pain and whirl , see leland on the floor , the knife in he hand , and fire down , through the top of leland 's head . leland 's face explode in a shower of gore . billy stagger towards Tom , clutching he bloody chest , he gun in he other hand . billy motherfucker ! !! he raise the gun to fire again . Tom whip the gun up and fire , hit billy in the stomach and send he crash through the diner window in a shower of glass . . Lisa stop scream . Mick walk out from the kitchen , stunne . Charlotte stand there , in shock . @ ( continued } 33 . continued : ( 3 ) Tom slowly get to he foot and survey the carnage . leland lay on the floor , he head a blcody mess . billy lay outside on the sidewalk , dead , one of he foot propped up on the shattered window . outside , people yell and shout and scream . Tom struggle to stand upright , blood gush from he foot . Mitch run over to he and hold he up , the rest be a swirl of disconnect image from Tom 's Pov : Sam , the local sheriff , burst into the diner , gun in hand . a ambulance in front of the diner . a crowd of people watch as paramedics lead Tom to the ambulance . Jack and Judy in front of the crowd , watch in shock . Jack reach out to touch he father 's hand , the back of the ambulance . Tom be laid down . edie burst through the door and hug she husband . fade to slack . a long beat fade in : ext . mckenna 's diner - on tv ~ tom nos Pov a local reporter stand in front of the diner , the window still shattered . a crowd of people in the background . the image be blurry , come slowly into focus . reporter ...< where Tom mckenna , the owner of this diner , fight off two savage criminal . the two man , leland devore and William '' billy '' orser , be want by Texas and California police for two week in conjunction with several murder in that state . mckenna , a family man with long stand tie to the community . ... edie ( 0.s. } hi , honey . int . hospital room -— day the tv be on the wall , Tom lay on the bed . edie sit by he . Sarah sit on the floor , play with a doll . Jack walk over from the windowsill . ( continued } continued : 34 . jack hey ! dad ! you be backi tom hey , honey . Jack . what 's up ? how long have I be out ? edie just overnight . Sam 's outside . he want to talk to you . tom be everyone okay ? edie yes . everyone 's fine . jack except that two son of bitch . man , you kill the hell out of they , dad ! Tom flinch at this , edie shoot she son a sharp look . Sam stick edie Jack ! stop it . jack well , okay . but it 's true . you be a hero , dadi he head in . SAM sleep beauty awake . tom hey , Sam . SAM everything okay here ? tom , everything 's fine ( gesture to tv ) , but what be this ? this be nut . SAM sorry , nothing 7 can do there . Tom , T hope you do not mind . I need to ask you a few question . tom sure . no problem . I mean ... ( smile at edie ) if it 's alright with my attorney . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) edie go ahead , Sam . Jack , get you sister . a5 . Jack pick up Sarah and the three of they head out while Sam question Tom . television a reporter interview Jeff and Lisa and they parent . switch a reporter interview Mitch . switch a reporter interview Charlotte . switch tv ~ int . studio ~ the runyan report a slick , dark studio . a flinty eye man in he fifty , wear a dark blue suit and a red tie sit behind a desk . a picture of Tom be be project behind he , the word '' american hero '' write across it . runyan Three day ago , Tom mckenna be just another hard work business owner , the manager of mckenna ' 's diner in taylorville , Indiana . but now , thanks only to he true american character , he 's a hero to all of we . when he find himself in a ... the screen go black . int . hospital room ~ day yom sit on the edge of the bed , fully dress , and switch the tv off in disgust . edie walk in , a orderly behind she , push a wheelchair . edie honey ? tom God . be you as sick of hearing about I as it be ? edie I ' 1ll never be sick of you , honey . they be here to check you out . ( continued ) 36 . continued : tom thank God for small favor . he stand up and look at the wheelchair . orderly regulation , sir . you have to let we wheel you out . edie it 's true . just do it , honey . Tom chuckle and get in the wheelchair . int . hospital waiting area fom be wheeled out to find dozen of local and well wisher wait for he . they pat he on the hack . '' Way to go , Tommy !o Jack , carry Sarah , come over to he father . Tom warmly squeeze he son 's shoulder and kiss he on the forehead . jack geez , dad . not in front of people . Tom smile . ext . mckenna house - dusk a perky female reporter stand outside Tom 's house , a cameraman shoot she . perky reporter we be in taylorville , outside the home of american hero Tom mckenna , who be just now return from the hospital with he family . the car pull down the lot and stop . the reporter race over to Tom as he climb out of the car , limping slightly . perky reporter ( cont have ) Mr. mckenna , Jenny wyeth , ktwa News . how do it feel when you see that ruthless killer 's gun point at you ? Tom pause a moment , strike by the stupidity of the question . tom how do it feel ? ( continued } continued : perky reporter yes , sir . tom not very good . be this a slow news day ? perky reporter well , sir , we .... tom I mean , what I do ... anyone would have do that . it be just a terrible thing , and I think we 'o ) all be better off when we get past it . perky reporter yes , but ... tom I really need to go be with my family . thank you . he turn and walk into he house . perky reporter uh ... from taylorville , this be Jenny wyeth , and , uh .... int . mckenna house - live room Tom storm in , follow by Jack and Sarah , then edie . he look out the window and see the news van peel out . he plep down into he armchair . tom God . it 's good to be home . I hape there will not be mich mere of that , jack they just want a interview , dad . you nre a hero . tom na , I be not . I get lucky . very lucky . what I do be stupid and wrong . ack and it save the life of everyone in the diner . Tom frown . i {continued 38 . continued : edie this will all blow over as soon as they have some other hot story . tom maybe the lydon will have another two head cow . jack that would be cool ! I never get to see the last one . Tom roll he eye and smile . edie look out the window . edie that goddam reporter . tom they still out there ? edie there 's a car park across the field . they be just sit there . tom legally speak , be I allow to shoot they ? edie I do not think that would be a good idea , honey . let 's have some dinner . she walk into the kitchen . Tom stand up and walk to the window and look out . tom 's Pov ~ ext . mckenna house a dark sedan be park on the other side of the field , by the road , its light on dim . int , mckenna house - live room Tom look thoughtfully at the car and frown . int . mckenna house - tom and edie 's bedroom - later Tom sit on the bed , look out at the night . edie walk in in she nightgown and put she arm around he . edie you okay , baby ? {continued} continued : tom I just keep think .... edie about the diner ? tom I kill two man . edie iwo really bad man . tom I know . I know . edie they would have kill you . tom yeah , probably . I can not help think that .... I dunno ... if I no just manage to take they down . Sam could have arrest they . maybe they could have earn another chance ... make up for what they do ? edie you can not think about that , Tommy . tom there 's always hope for change , you know ? people can change . edie no . not this again . some people be just plain bad . period , tom do you really believe that ? edie yes . I do , I think there 's good , there 's bad , and there 's a lot of gray area in between . but right be right , Tom . some situation be simple . some people be bad and some be just plain good , and I get I one of the good one , and I '' not gonna let this crap eat he alive . so come to bed , and let I show you haw we treat good man . she kiss he cheek , and he turn and kiss she back . 39 . 40 . ext . taylorville outskirt ~ morning fdie drive along the read , alone , and pull over by the side . int . mckenna 's station wagon edie lean back and address the pile of sheet in the back . edie okay , Mr. fugitive . we be here . Tom stick he head out . of the pile . tom nobody follow we ? edie nope , you be in the clear . for now , tom thanks , baby . edie : you sure you really want to go back to work so soon ? tom I have to , babe . it 's my job . edie you be such a man . tom the manliest . they kiss , and he climb out . ext . taylorville Tom walk down the sidewalk . a car slow down as it pass he and a middle aged man stick he head out . middle aged man hey , Tommy ! Way to get tom thanks , hector . come by the diner . have some breakfast . middle aged man will do , Tommy ! ( continued ) 41 . continued : the car pull out and drive away . the kid who be play wolverine versus . hulk earlier come racing by , one of they fire a invisible gun at the other two , kid this be my diner , you punk ! blam blam blam ! Tom flinch at this , and the kid run smack into he leg . Tom help the kid up , and the kid look at Tom in awe . tom you okay ? the kid nod , and Tom push he on he way , disturb . ext . mckenna 's diner a large piece of wood cover the break window . Tom unlock the door and walk in . the place be quiet . he look around , the first time he 's be here since then . he look down at the floor and bend over , pick up a piece of glass , and look at it a long moment , turn it over and over . finally , he throw it in the trash . Mick walk out of the kitchen , tom hey , Mick . Mick throw he arm around Tom and hug he hard , Tom 's a little take aback . mick hey , boss . back to work , huh ? tom uh ... yeah . back to work . mick good . Charlotte walk up to they . tom hey , Charlotte . she hug he . tom ( cont ‘d} hey , you guy . I be you boss . {continued } 42 . continued : charlotte we will go back to hat you next week , okay ? tom okay . int . mckennan diner Tom turn on the light and look around . Mick nod to the window . mick good as new , huh ? tom yeah . mick you sick of see yourself on tv ? tom ayuh . charlotte it 's good just to go back to something normal . I be not go to miss all that camera . mick you sure make certain that camera do not miss you . how tall be Larry King , really ? Charlotte glare at he . charlotte I will start the coffee machine . tom good. mick turn on the backup , too . we be gonna need a lot today . ' tom you expect a lot of customer ? mick expecting ? nope .... they be already here . ( continued ) 43 . continued : he nod to the door , and Tom turn to see a huge crowd have gather outside - all local . tom Jesus , mick you be a hero , boss , good for business . gonna let ‘em in ? Tom look at Charlotte , who smile at he , he nod and go to the door and open it . the crowd swarm in , people patting Tom on the arm , shaking he hand , just happy to see he . Tom be overwhelm by the reaction . int . mckenna 's diner ~ afternoon every table be fill . there be a few empty seat at the counter . Tom behind the counter , sorting through some check . edie walk in . several of the customer wave to she and greet she . she smile and nod back . she walk up to she husband and plant a hig kiss on he cheek . tom hey , honey . edie hey , baby . tom what bring you by ? edie just want to see how you be do . tom do good . Business be great . I oughta shoot someone every week . she give he a slightly worried look , but he smile back at she ~ everything ' 's okay . the door open and three man - very out of place - walk in . aldo & charlie be beefy guy in suit . mid thirty , tough as hell . in between they be giuseppi torrino , a older man wear shade and a black suit . a scar run down from the right side of he forehead down to he cheek . the three man stop at the door , ignore the look they be get from everyone , and look intently at Tom . ( cont tinued } a . @ . continued : edie more reporter ? tom I do not know gravediqgers have they own network . the three man make they way to the counter and sit . there be only two seat , so Aldo stand behind torrino and Charlie , like a guard . Tom put menus down in front of they , hand one to Aldo , who ignore it . tom ( cont would ) would you gentleman like some coffee ? torrino you be the hero . ' tom oh , I do not know about that , sir . 1 just ... torrino the big hero . you sure take care of that two bad man . tom I really do not like talk about it , sir , we be just try to get back to normal here . can I offer you gentleman some coffee ? torrino sure . give I some coffee . make it black , joey . tom yes , sir. and you friend .... Excuse I ? torrino I say make it black . joey . tom who 's joey ? torrino you be . tom my name 's Tom , sir . torrino of course it be . just one cup . e@ ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) edie watch , troubled . Tom walk over to the coffee machine and pour a cup . he put it in front of torrino who pick it up , take a long sip . torrino {cont have ) good coffee . tom thank you . torrino hard to find coffee this good in Philadelphia . but you know that , do not you , '' Tom . '' ' tom I do not really remember . I have only be to Philly once . for a day . pass through . be that where you gentleman be from ? charlie like you do not know , tom I ' be sorry . do we know each other ? torrino you tell I . he take off he sunglass , revealing that he right eye , the one with the scar above and below it , be white , milky and dead . edie gasp . Tom look at he , puzzle . tom Sir , I be very sorry . you seem to think you know I , and I wish I could help you . I really have no idea where we would have meet . charlie come on , joey . cut the crap . tom my name be Tom , edie step up . edie if you be not go to order anything , my husband and I would appreciate it if you man would be on you way . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 3 ) Charlie turn to she and smile . torrino keep he gaze fix on Tom . torrino we eat on the road . tom Sir , we really be busy . if you be not eat , we should give you seat to pay customer . torrino nod , and alda reach into he jacket pocket . Tom and edie tense . Aldo pull out a wallet , take out a fifty dollar bill , and put it on the counter . Charlotte notice what 's happen and look on , concerned . aldo now we be pay customer . tom I can not take this . torrino it should not be a problem for you . tom look , mister . I have be exceedingly polite to you , but if I have to , I will call the authority and we can take this up with they . I will not have anyone come into my business and threaten I . charlie Mr. torrino 's just make conversation . tom whatever you want to call it . this conversation be over . charlie he want we to leave , Mr. torrino . aldo you know what he do when he do not like people , Mr. torrino . charlie yeah . I be scared . we should leave before he go all dirty Harry on we . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 4 ) torrino very well . he stand up . torrino ( cont have ) thank you for the coffee , joey . it really be very good . tom it 's tom. Tom mckenna . for the first time , torrino smile . he and he man head for the door . Tom watch they go . edie pick up the phone and dial . edie hello , Molly ? this be edie mckenna . be he in ? Tom turn to she . ' tom you call Sam ? edie yeah . tom be not that overreact ? edie this day ? no . do you know that man ? tom no . of course not . edie for all we know , they be friend of the man who try to rob you . Tom nod . edie {cont have ) hello , Sam ? ext . taylorville outskirt a black sedan drive slowly down the street . a sheriff 's car pull up behind it , light flash . the sedan pull over . Sam get out of the sheriff 's car and walk up to the sedan . the window roll down , and Aldo stick he head out . ( continued } 4b . continued : Charlie sit next to he . a shadowy figure - torrino , we assume ~ sit in the back . aldo there a problem with my drive , officer ? SAM May I see you license , sir ? aldo sure . ( hand Sam the license ) I think I be under the limit . Sam look at the license , then walk back to he car . Aldo turn to Charlie , who look impassively ahead . Sam walk back to the car and hand Aldo the license . SAM step out of the car , sir . Aldo step out . SAM ( cont would ) place you hand on the hood , sir . Aldo do as he 's tell , and Sam pat he down . '' 200 I be not carry anything , officer . SAM what 's you business in taylorville , sir ? aldo we be tourist . SAM what business do you have at mckenna 's diner today ? aldo we hear the coffee be terrific . SAM well , let I make something clear you , Mr. lazorko . this be a nice town . we have nice people here . we take care of we nice people . do you understand I ? aldo sure . . SAM ~ do not let I see you around again . @ ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) aldo keep up the good work , officer . SAM I be not a officer . I be the sheriff . aldo I will remember that . SAM you be not go to need to . you nre leave town . Aldo shrug and get back in the car . aldo you lettin’ we off with a warning , officer ? sheriff ? SAM yeah . a warning . aldo thanks . you have a great day . they pull out and take off . Sam watch they go , troubled . ext , gas station - day torrino 's sedan pull into the station and torrino get out and head for the man 's room . Aldo start pump gas . Charlie get out and stretch . charlie what do you think ? aldo about what ? charlie all this . joey . aldo I dunno . it 's be twenty year . I mean , yeah , boss say the guy look kinda like joey , but you know , I look kinda like mel Gibson and you look a lot like godzilla . charlte funny asshole . ( continued } 5a . continued : aldo I mean , for all we know joey 's put on eighty pound , go bald and dress like a ballet dancer this day . he could be anywhere . charlie yeah . what if he 's wrong ? aldo we do we job . right or wrong do not really enter into it . Charlie nod . torrino walk out of the man 's room , torrino what nre you talk about ? aldo game last night . Atlanta kick some ass . int . mcrenna house Tom and edie do the dish . the doorbell ring . tom I will get it . he go to the door , open it to find Sam . tom ( cont ‘d} Sam . everything okay ? SAM you mind if I come in , Tom ? tom no , of course not . come on in . we just finish put Sarah to bed , so we have to keep it low for a bit . they walk in and sit in the live room . edie join they . SAM edie . edie Sam . what 's go on ? SAM that man who come in to see you this morning .... ( continued ) continued : Tom look edie God . yes , thank you for that . SAM well , I do a little digging this afternoon . Tom .... you do not know this fella , do you ? tom Jesus , Sam , no . I have never see they in my life . SAM ckay . hecause this be some bad man . { take out a notepad ) Charles olivieri , out of New York . indicted on three count of murder . Aldo lazorko , Philadelphia . indicted on one count of murder , question in relation to dozen of act of violence you do not want to hear about . both man work for giuseppi torrino , the fella with the eye . spend fifteen year in prison on several account of assault . suspected in half a dozen murder and more disappearance . Tom , this guy be organize crime from the hast Coast . they nre the real thing . the bad man . edie Jesus . Jesus , Tom . at she , worried . SAM I have to ask you a question , and you have to know that I have know you as long as you be here , and edie and I go back to high school . if there 's one person in this town outside you family you can trust , it 's I . tom I know that , Sam . SAM be you in some kind of witness protection plan ? Tom be a little surprised , a little take aback by the question , 51 . {continued} continued : he laugh . 52 . ( 2 ) tom wha ... some kind of ... be you . SAM it 's no laugh matter , Tom . edie of course he 's not , Sam , SAM I no just like to hear Tom tell I that , edie . tom Sam . God . I love that . it 's hilarious . no. no . I be not in some kind of witness protection program . that man just have the wrong guy . they see I on tv , I remind they of someone ... johnny .... edie joey . tom joey something . Lord , the idea of I .... edie smile . SAM I honestly do not believe it , Tom . but I have to ask . Men like this come to we town , start harass a citizen .... I dunno ... you read about this thing in the paper , you know ? tom sure . of course . I understand . SAM so , look , I talk to torrino and he man today . make it real clear that if they do not have business here , they be not welcome in town . you let I know if you see they come around , okay ? tom of course . Sam stand up to go . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) edie would you like some pie , Sam ? SAM aw , no thanks , edie . I have love some , but I have to get back to work . Tom walk he to the door and shake he hand . tom Sam . thank you . it 's good to know you be keep a eye out for we . SAM come on , Tom . you know we look out for we own here . Tom smile and pat Sam on the back as he leave . he close the door and turn the face a troubled edie . tom do not worry . they have the wrong guy . they be leave . it 's over and do with . bey , I be on tv all across the country . I be sure there will be other folk think they recognize I . hey , maybe someone ' 11l mistake I for a guy who win the lottery . edie T hope you be right . tom I be . you be the one say it - this will all blow over soon enough . someone ' 11 fall down a well , or some farmer will get abduct by a ufo , and we will go right back to be anonymous . they hug . edie wanna have some anonymous sex ? Tom smile warmly . int . mckenna's diner tight on leland , look straight at we . leland I be gonna kill you and everyone you know and you whole goddam family . {continued } 54 . continued : a loud roar and leland be hit in the chest by a shotgun blast and flung across the room . Tom walk across to he , smoking shotgun in hand . he look over the body , but leland have become torrino . he lay on the floor in a pool of bload , he chest rip open , laugh . Tom look at he , puzzle , and torrino slowly raise a gun towards Tom and squeeze the trigger . blam ! cur to : int . mckenna house ~- tom and edie ‘s bedroom - night Tom 's eye snap open and he cry out . he 's bath in sweat . edie wake up , see he , and hold he tight . yom look out the window at the dark night . edie what be it , baby ? tom God .... a dream ... just a dream ... Jesus ... edie be you okay ? tom yeah . yeah , I will be . God , edie ... there 's so much ... so many thing happen ... it 's all just ... edie it 's okay , baby , [ t 's okay . she hold he tight . tom . edie ... I '' only gonna say this one time . it 's you business . you decision . but you father ... I know you be mad . but he 's you family . some day he will be go , and you might find you wish you no give he a chance . edie yom. please . tom that 's all I want to say . ( continued ) continued : she roll onto she back and sigh . edie Tom ... I can not . tom I understand . edie no . you really do not . but there 's a veason ... something you do not know . something I nve never tell you .... tom my god. do he ....? edie no. worse . my mother do not die in a car crash visit she sister .... she do not drive off the road . she park the car in front of that train . park it , Tom . she could not take it anymore . she could not stop he from hurt we . she could not change he . I no just leave for college ... I guess she be wait until TI be safely out of the house for good .... tom my God .... edie Sam 's father be sheriff then . he have grow up with my father , and he do not want my mother 's memory be destroy by gossip and scandal . he take care of it . but Tom ... as far as I be concerned , my father kill she . he leave she no other choice , no other exit . I do not want anything to do with he , ever . tom Jesus , edie . Jesus . edie you be nothing like that son of a bitch , Tom . that 's one of the reason I love you . now please ... let 's go to sleep . he take she in he arm and hold she tight . ext . mckenna house - dawn Tom quietly walk out the front door and walk down the 55 . road . 56 . ext . mckenna 's diner - early morning Tom unlock the door and walk in . a figure approach hin , and he turn to see hank . tom hey . hank. hank tom. tom what be you do up this early ? hank Morning walk . try to do it every day . how be you ? tom I be okay . hank can I come in ? hank nod , and Tom lead he inside . int . mckenna's diner the break window have be replace . Tom turn on the light and walk behind the counter . hank open earlier than normal . tom yeah . I could not sleep . figure I no come in , get some paperwork do . hank you do good the other day , Tom . do not tell yourself otherwise . tom yeah , I know . hank grab he arm firmly . hank no . you do not . you do good . you come to a situation like that , he or you , and there 's no easy way out , {more ) ( continued } 57 . continued : hank ( cont would ) if you have not do what you do , edie would be a widow , and you kid would not have a father . you do good and you just live with that . Tom look intently at hank , then nod . tom thank you . hank anyway . I just come by to tell you that . he get up to leave . tom hank ... I talk to edie . the night you come by . Bank turn to face Tom . tom ( cont no ) I do not know . hank she 's pretty angry . ' tom yeah . you could say that . hank X fuck it all up , tom. everything . I can not fix what I have do . I can not change it . I just want one chance at make up for it a little . hank walk out . Tom go to the door to close it , then freeze . torrino 's black sedan be sit in the middle of the street , engine run . Tom step outside . ext . mckenna nos diner Tom stand look at the sedan a long heat . the sedan shift into gear and slowly pull off down the street . Tom watch the sedan rol ] down the street and turn at the corner . he run after it . 58. ext . taylorville ~- STREET Tom come to the end of the street and watch the sedan slowly drive down the street , towards the outskirt . tom Jesus . he run after it , desperate and scared , hobbling on he injure foot . he pull he cell phone out of he pocket and punch a number as he run . int . mckenna house - tom and edie' bedroom edie sleep as the morning sun peek through the curtain . the phone by the side of the bed ring and she roll over . edie ( eye close ) honey , get that . she realize Tom 's not there , and roll over to answer the phone . edie ( cont would ) hello ?.... Tom ? where be ....? what ? come here ? Tom ... hang on . what ? be you serious ? ext . taylorville outskirt Tom , run desperately down the street , talk on the phone . tom the shotgun , edie . get the shotgun . they be come to the house ! int . mckenna house - tom and edie 's bedroom edie slam the phone down and run to the closet . a rifle and a double barrel 12 gauge shotgun lean side by side against the wall . she grab the 12 gauge , and race out of the room . int . mckenna house ~- live room edie tear down the stair , hold the shotgun . she run to the front door and peer out the window . nothing . ext . taylorville outskirt 59 . Tom , run frantically , in horrible pain , sweat pour down he face , he leg cramping , he injure foot kill he . in the far distance , he see the sedan turn down a small road . tom not not he run , harder . breath come in short , pain burst , gasp . his leave leg cramp and he cry out in pain , but keep go . down the road , through the field . across the field . pant . gritting he tooth . scream . through the field , through the corn . Falls . hard . wham ! stagger to he foot and burn on . he come to the end of the field , leap over the tank , come to the house . quiet . no car . he stop , panting , red , damp with dirty . he cautiously approach the front door . which whip open , to reveal .... edie . holding the gun . confused . edie Tom ? he stagger to she and wrap she up in he arm . edie ( cont would ) Tom , what 's go on ? tom 1 do not know , baby . I do not know . edie I x11 call Sam . propane sweat , ( continued } 60 . continued : tom no. do not . I do not even know ... I do not even know if it be they , she look at he , worried . he stagger into the house . int . mckenna house — bathroom Tom in the shower , wash it all off . he step out , and see edie stand there . tom hey . he take a towel and start drying off . tom ( cont have ) I think I be lose my mind . edie no , you be not . you have be through some serious trauma , and this man be just make it worse . I be here , baby . we be all here . we all love you . it 's go to be okay . they hug and Tom kiss he wife . the door open , and a bleary eye Jack stand there in he pajama bottom . jack ew. Gross . ext . taylorville mall - day a typical midwestern mall . the mckenna 's station wagon pull into the parking lot and edie get out , get Sarah , and the two of they head into the mall . behind they , in the distance , a familiar black sedan pull into the parking lot and sit . int . taylorville mall - shoe store edie sit in a chair while a shoe saleswoman help she txry on a pair of shoe . Sarah be roam around the store , bored . saleswoman how do they feel ? edie good . I like they . saleswoman I have a pair of this myself . they look great , and they really last . ( continued ) él. continued : edie okay . I ' 1l take they . now we need a new pair for she . they both turn to look , but Sarah 's go . edie get up . edie ( cont no ) } Sarah ? no Sarah , worried , edie walk to the door and look out into the mall . the saleswoman follow . saleswoman m’am ? edie turn , and the woman nod to she foot . edie be still wear the new shoe . edie I have to find my daughter . saleswoman I '' sorry , m’am . I can not let you leave the store with that . edie kick off the shoe in exasperation and walk briskly out of the store . a hand grab she shoulder and she whirl . it 's Charlie , torrino 's man . edie gasp . charlie Mrs. mckenna . edie oh my God . my daughter ! where be she ? Charlie nod , and edie follow he look to see Sarah stand outside the toy store , look in the window . torrino and Aldo sit on a bench across from she . edie walk to she daughter , follow by Charlie . edie ( cont would ) Sarah ! never do that again ! sarah I '' sorry , mommy . but look ! they have the new kimberly ! torrino no need to worry , Mrs. mckenna . we be keep a eye on she . ( continued } continued : she glare torrino sigh and nod . Charlie smile . 62. ( 2 ) edie you stay the fuck away from my family , you son of a bitch . torrino there 's no need for that kind of language , Mrs. mckenna . edie look , I do not know what you want , and I do not care . if I see you again , this will be police business . torrino yes , you be a attorney , be not you ? you have some strong tie to the local law enforcement community . I respect that . but we be not here to break any law , Mrs. mckenna . I just want what an mine . edie my husband be not the man you think he be . torrino that 's certainly possible . please . have a seat . let I tell you a story . at he , not move . torrino ( cont would ) Mrs. mckenna . this be a crowded shopping mall . even if I be the bad man you seem to think I be , what could I do here ? please , sit . edie I will stand . torrino {fo charlie} never argue with a woman . especially a woman lawyer . torrino ( cant would ) I do not know what you friend the sheriff tell you about I , Mrs. mckenna . I have no doubt he do some digging . I be not a private man . ( more ) {continued } continued : ( 3 ) torrinog ( cont no ) } it 's easy to get information on I . but how do that old song go ? '' believe half of what you see and none of what you hear '' ? that 's good advice . it 's true T have be on the wrong side of the law a few time . I come from a tough town . life do not always give we the choice we would like . but if you come to my neighborhood and ask the people , they 's 1 ] l tell you it 's I they come to when they have problem , not the police . you watch the news . you know about big city police . edie t do not have time for this . torrino I be sorry . I be a old man . it 's pretty easy to drift off subject . i’1l keep this brief . I have a little shop in South Philadelphia . we sell cheese from all over the world . you have like it , Mrs. mckenna . everybody come there , and even if they be not buy , it 's a place to come together with you friend and neighbor . it make I happy to own such a place . it 's a essential part of the community . edie what do this have to do with my husband ? torrino you husband ? I think you husband 's real name be joey behan . he run with a bad group of kid . troublemakers . he be what you would call the Alpha male this day . he be really good at get he friend to da thing for he . people like you and I , Mrs. mckenna , we respect community . we understand how important it be to have a place where people can come together and be part of a bigger thing . but not joey . edie you have to know how wrong you be . my husband have nothing but respect for ... torrino people change . 63. ( continued ) continued : 64 . ( 4 ) edie not that much , they do not . besides , Tom grow up in Portland , Oregon . torrino yes , yes . of course . but joey behan do not , and he and a little friend of he , richie federici , decide one day that what be mine should be theirs . it 's never be hard to get ahold of gun in Philadelphia , and one evening , as we be close shop , joey and he friend richie come in armed to the tooth . edie this be crazy . torrino yes . it be crazy . so crazy , nobody be ready for it . joey and he friend have no compunction about fire wild . five of my friend be hit . of the three who live , one of ‘em can not use he arm anymore . another be permanently brain damage , Mrs. mckenna , and TI start the day with two good eye , this two young man make off with a very large sum of money , and disappear . Friends of mine , I have to tell you , they want to spend a lot more time look . I , I just want to get on with my life . learn from my mistake and move forward . Hut when I turn on my television the other day and see joey behan stare I in the face , I know T have to do something . you say he 's the wrong man . he 's not joey behan . perhaps this be true . anything 's possible . but would you forget the man who take you eye , Mrs. mckenna ? I doubt it . edie look at torrino calmly for a long beat . edie Mr. torrino , let I tell you how I be go to spend the rest of my day . I be go to take my daughter and we nre go to buy she a pair of new shoe . then I be go to my office and call judge Lane . he 's the toughest judge in the county , but he have a crush on I a mile wide , and I be go to push through a restrain order against you and you .... associate . ( hore } ( continued } 65 . continued : ( 5 } edie ( cont would ) if I see you or they within five hundred foot of I , my child or my husband , I be go to have you arrest . if you come anywhere near my home , I be go to shoot you . can I possibly make myself clearer to you ? torrino smile . torrino no , Mrs. mckenna . you can not . T want to thank you for you time . you have a enchant daughter . edie reach out she hand to Sarah , who take it . they turn and walk away . her back turn to torrino , edie 's face crack - in spite of she tough facade , she 's terrify . torrino ( cont have ) Mrs. mckenna . she turn . torrino ( cont ‘d} do not forget you shoe . ext . taylorville high - hallway - day Jack and Judy walk out of a class . judy how 's you dad ? jack I dunno . a little weird . guby what he go through ? that would freak anyone out . jack yeah . I guess . Jack be push from behind and stagger forward , drop he book . he and Judy turn to see Bobby and he buddy stand there . bobby so you be old man 's some kind of tough guy . what 's he think of he wimp son ? Jack glare at Bobby . ( continued ) 66 . continued : bobby ( cont would ) you think he would take this shit ? you think he would make joke ? come on , bitch . say something funny . judy leave he alone , Bobby . bobby shut up , skank . Jack glare at Bobby . bopby ( cont would ) ooh . he 's get mad . judy come on , Jack . let 's get out of here . Jack do not move . judy ( cont no ) Jack , come on . he 's a asshole . you know that . he do not mean shit . let 's go . bobby yeah , pusS. run away . God damn , but you daddy must be real shame by you . Jack take a step towards Bobby , angry . bobby ( cont ‘d} say something funny , bitch . make I laugh . Jack turn to walk away . Bobby smile . without warning Jack whirl and grab the larger boy by the shirt and hurl he into a locker . he dive into Bobby , fist swinging , and pummel he mercilessly . blood spurt from Bobby 's nose . Jack punch he hard in the stomach , then kick he in the ball . with a cry , Bobby fall to the ground , and Jack savagely kick he in the stomach and head . Judy try to pull he off , but he push she away . jack be you laugh ? be you laugh now ? be you fuck laugh , you motherfuck cocksucke piece of shit ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) Judy and Bobby 's buddy try to pull Jack back , but he 's furious , possess . a teacher step out of a classroom and see what 's happen , grab Jack and yank he off of the batter , bleed Bobby . int . mckenna house ~ live room ~ afternoon Tom confront he son . tom what the hell be you think ? jack dad , he 's be riding I all year . he 's a jerk . tom '' he 's a jerk " ? that 's it ? that 's no excuse . you stand up to he . you do not nearly put he in the hospital . jack oh , big deal . it 's the best thing anyone could have do to he . ' tom this be serious , Jack . jack whatever . tom goddammit . in this family , we do not solve problem by hit people . jack no , in this family , we shoot they . before he can even think , Tom lash out and smack Jack across the face . Jack stagger back , stunne . a horrify look cross Tom 's face . tear stream down he face , Jack turn and run out of the house . tom Jack .... on , no .... Jack .... he stand there , look at the open door , appal at what he do . 68 . int . mckenna house - tom and edie ‘s bedroom - afternoon Tom lay on the bed in the dark , very upset . he hear the door open downstairs and roll to he foot and head for the door . int . live room Tom come down the stair . tom honey . something really .... edie Tom . you have to listen to I . tok what ? what ' 's wrong , baby ? he come down the stair and take he wife in he arm . tom ( cont would ) be you okay ? edie e ~ I be okay . we be fine . torrino and he man follow we to the mall . tom he what ? Jesus Christ . call Sam , we have to call . edie I take care of it , honey . I call Sam . I go to the courthouse , and we get a restrain order . tom for all the good that will do ..- edie it 's something . if he come around again , we can have he arrest . but I have to tell you something .... tom what ? she lead he over to the sofa . edie this man torrino ... he really believe you be this joey something . ( hore ) @ ( continued ) continued : 69 . edie ( cont would ) he tell I a story this afternoon ... some crazy thing about this kid rip he off . he 's certain it 's you . we have to find a way to convince he it 's not . tom I do not know how to do that , honey . he will not believe the truth . edie I know . it 's just ... it 's crazy . it 's crazy . why can not we just have we life back ? Sarah look at she mother , upset . Tom kneel by he daughter . tom hey , baby . everything 's okay . do not worry . mommy and daddy be just have a tough week . why do not you go play upstairs . sarar okay , daddy . '' he hug he daughter , and she scamper upstairs . Tom watch she nod , Tom look she go , then turn to he wife . edie be cry . edie God . I be so sorry , what 's happen to we ? tom the bad stuff . honey , look at I . look at I . this be what happen to remind we how good thing be the rest of the time . we will get through this . we be a good family . a strong family . this guy have the wrong man . they will realize that , and all this will pass . we will be okay , okay ? and they hug . edie where 's Jack ? at she soberly , gear up to tell she . a&a knock on the door . edie ( cont would ) Tom ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) tom hang on . stay here . he race upstairs . int . tom and edie' bedroom Tom run into the closet , pull out the rifle and the shotgun , tear out of the room . int . live room Tom leap down the stair and run to the door . he put the rifle down against the wall , and , keep the shotgun hide , he crack the door cpen to find ... hank . tom Jesus . hank . hank vom . I be sorry . be this a bad time ? edie yes . ir be . Tom turn to see edie stand behind he . hank look at she - the first time he 's make eye contact with he daughter in more than fifteen year . tom hank. I ... - hank I just want to say something . then I '11 leave . please , fdie . just this one time . a long , uncomfortable beat , Tom stick in between the two of they . edie glaring , hank not breathe . edie finally ease back . edie come in . be quick , hank exhales and walk in . tom I all , uh , I will leave you two to ... edie stay here . ( continued ) 7 . continued : Tom nod . edie turn to hank . edie ( cont have ) so . what do you want to say to I , hank ? hank edie .... she look at he coldly , net give he anything . he look at Tom , then back at she . he can not say anything . tom hank ? hank no. «« toca not , he turn and stumble to the dccr and step cut . Tom look at he wife , then turn and head out the deor after hank . ext . mckenna house hank walk away from the house . Tom rush up behind he and gently take he arm . tom hank . hank turn to face he . tom ( cont would ) you have to do this , hank I can not . tom then why the hell do you come all the way out here ? bank she 's just go to listen to I then tell I to leave . tom yeah . she might . but at least she ‘’1l listen . hank look at he thoughtfully . 72 . int . live room hank stand in front of edie . she 's still not give he anything . Tom hand he a glass of water , and he take a long sip , then put the glass down on the mantle . hank when I be grow up , we do not talk a lot about how to be a man . it be just something you daddy be suppose to pass on to you . the thing my daddy pass on to I ... well , I guess it be not enough . sure , it help I make it through that war , but nothing he teach I help I know how to make it back home . you momma do she best , edie . she stand by I when she should have take you and just go , and I pay she back by treat she worse than a dog . I can blame the booze , and I can blame the war , but you want to know the truth , it 's this - it be not none of that thing make I what I be . they just open the door , and it be easier to go through they than close ‘em . if I have love she the way I should ... if I would love you the way I should .... I do not know . edie look shake at this . hank ( cont would ) we never be no kind of family . I be like a lot of people . I never think much about what family mean . it 's nothing more than a word and it do not mean shit unless you fill it with love and commitment . you and Tom here ... it look like you do that . I envy that . I truly do . edie hank ... .? hank yeah ? edie why be you here ? ( cont inued } 73 . continued : hank I just want to tell you some thing . I want you to know I have not be sit around the last fifteen year tell myself I be some kind of victim . I know I take the easy route , and I know I be not even begin to pay for that , and I want you to know that bad thing do happen to bad people , and if that 's the case then maybe good thing will happen to you and yours . a long beat . nobody say anything . hank ( cont would ) that 's really all . I know you nre happy here with this man . that make I happy . not that that matter to you . it should not matter to you . you do good , edie . you could have go the easy road , and you do not , and you prove that sometimes good can come from bad . that 's all I want to say to you . he get up and walk to the door and open it . edie dad .... hank stop , and a smile slowly spread across he face . a warm , beatific , loving smile . then something outside catch he eye . hank whirl , and grab the shotgun from its place against the wall . but before he can fully make it , a bullet slam into he , send he sprawling back onto the floor . edie and Tom flinch at the sound of the shot . a beat ~ everything be freeze . hank hold himself up by the door , look down in dumbfounded surprise at the hole in he chest . he look out at the field , then fall to the ground , dead . Tom snap out of it first . tom hit the floor ! edie be in shock . she do not move . ( continued ) fa. continued : { 2 ) edie daddy ? Tom dive across the room and knock she down . daze , edie get back on she foot and head for she father . jom tackle she and drag she down again . she do not even seem to notice - she 's fixate on she father 's body lie on the floor . tom edie ! stay down . she look at he blankly . edie that 's my daddy . Tom shake she hard . her eye seem to re-focus , and she look at Tom , confuse . edie ( cont have ) Tom ? tom edie . you have to stay down . she look around , look at she father , then at the open door . tom ( cont no ) stay here . he scramble across the floor to the door ~ the rifle lean against the wall next to the shotgun . he grab the rifle and slam the door close ~ but hank 's in the way . Tom do not let himself look at the dead man , but scramble back across the floor , rifle in hand . he make it to the window and carefully peer out , ready for anything . except what he see . tom ( cont have ) Jesus Christ . edie crawl over to he . edie oh , God . what be it ? what be it , Tom ? 75 . ext . mckenna house torrino , Aldo and Charlie stand out at the edge of the field . Charlie have a rifle in he hand . Aldo have he hand on the shoulder of Jack , who look terrify . torrino joey . come out . let 's end this now and nobody else will get hurt . a long beat , and then Tom appear in the door , rifle in one hand , shotgun in the other . ' tom let my son 's go . torrino come down here , joey . let 's talk . tom my name be not joey . you have the wrong man . you have my son . you nre trespasp . torrino shake he head . torrino you know I be a serious man , joey . you nve see what I be willing to do . stop the game . Tom whip the rifle up and aim . tom this be not a game , you son of a bitch ! he fire , hit the propane tank , which explode , shoot fire everywhere , send torrino , he man and Jack sprawling to the ground . Aldo take the brunt of it , he back protect Jack . Tom dive to the ground , rifle in hand . tom ( cont would ) Jack ! runt Jack scramble to he foot , and Tom fire at Charlie and torrino , cover he son . Jack make it to the field , dive into the corn , vanish . Charlie and torrino fire wildly at the house . Tom hit the ground and roll off the side of the porch . 76 . int . live room edie curl up on the floor , scream as bullet slam into the wall and the furniture . sarah ( 0.s.} mommy ? edie stay down , baby ! mommy 's come ! but stay down ! she crawl towards the stair . ext . mckenna house Tom crouch by the side of the house , rifle in hand . he check the load - one bullet leave . he peer up at the porch , see the shotgun lie there , and frown . a bullet zing past he face , and he dive back , scramble behind the house . the circle of fire where the tank be be expand . the field be start to burn . Charlie and torrino crouch down . torrino nod towards Aldo , who lay face down , he back rip to shred , on fire . Charlie shake he head - '' no . '' torrino grimace . he point to the other side of the house , gesture for Charlie to head that way . Charlie scuttle off . behind the house , Tom straighten up , back to the wall , and slide towards the other side of the house . he creep around the corner , alongside the porch , and look up . the shotgun 's go . Charlie creep around the side of the porch and bump right into Tom . the two man scramble to bring they gun up , but they nre in too tight . Tom drop the rifle and go for Charlie 's throat . the two man roll on the ground , pound the shit out of each other . Tom bite Charlie 's hand hard , until blood squirt out . Charlie scream in pain . Tom roll on top of he and punch he throat hard , over and over . Charlie choke and gurgle and die . Tom keep pound . Tom cry out in pain as a bullet tear through he shoulder , knock he forward . he roll over to find torrino stand over he , gun in hand , glaring in rage . torrino cock he gun and point it right at Tom 's head . {continued } 77 . continued : torrino you have anything to say before T kill you , you miserabie prick ? Tom stare back , hatred in he eye , clutching he wounded shoulder . tom I should have kill you back in Philly . torrino smile , relieved . finally ! Tom clenches he jaw , ready for the shot . blam ! blood splatter all over Tom as torrino 's chest explode . torrino stagger forward and falis to the ground . Tom roll out of the way and see Jack stand there , a daze look on he face , the shotgun in he hand . Tom stagger towards Jack and take the shotgun from he . Jack be freeze , non-responsive . he just stare at the dead man on the ground . edie step out the front door , Sarah in she arm , and walk briskly towards she husband and son . edie oh my god. Tom ? be you okay ? be it over ? be it over ? she rush over and hug she she son tight . Tom stand , look at he family for a moment . edie look back at he , a mixture of conflict emotion on she face , but mostly anger . Tom hesitantly step toward they , then take they all in he arm . outside , the fire in the field rage . in the distance , siren . ext . mckenna house - later a fire truck park in the field , firemen put out the last of the fire . Tom sit on the back of a ambulance as the paramedic bandage he shoulder , Sam be question he as edie stand by , stili hold the daze Sarah . Jack stands off in the distance , jook at the spot where torrino lay . ( continued } e " : continued : tom they have the wrong man , Sam . they have the wrong man . SAM I know . I be go to have to come back later and ask you some formal question , but it 's go to be okay , Tom . you do what you have to . Tom nod . Sam turn to edie . SAM ( cont would ) edie . I '' so sorry about you father ... bdie nod , still a little in shock . the paramedic finish up Tom 's shoulder . paramedic Sir , we be go to have to take you to the hospital now . tom wait a minute . @ he get up and walk to Jack , put he hand on he son 's shoulder . tom ( cont would ) Jack ? no answer . tom ( cont have ) Jack , you do the right thing . I know it 's hard to believe , but you do . Jack turn slowly to face he father . tom ( cont no ) it 's not go to be easy , the next few day , or week . it could take a long time to get right with what happen . Jack stare intently at he father , look for something . tom ( cont no ) Jack ... what be it ? Jack shake he head and walk over to he mother , leave Tom alone . the paramedic approach he . @ { continued } 79 . continued : ( 2 ) paramedic Sir ? we have to go now . he gently put a hand on Tom 's good arm and guide he to the ambulance . Sam turn to edie . SAM we can take the kid with we if you want to ride with he , edie . she look at Sam and smile faintly in gratitude . int . ambulance Tom lay back on the stretcher . edie climb in and sit beside he , a distant look on she face . she hold he hand , but do not look at he . the ambulance take off . int . hospital room - night Tom lay in the bed in the dark , stare at the ceiling . the door open , and edie walk in . he reach out to she . tom bdie .... honey ... be you okay ? she step back , away from he . edie tell I the truth . Tom look at she a long beat , then hang he head . tom you hear . edie no. I see . that man ... torrino ... he be not wrong . you be the man he be look for . you be joey behan . that 's you real name . you do not grow up in Portland . and you never talk about you adopt parent because you do not have any . you kill man .... you kill they so you could steal they money ... tom edie ... it be not like that . ( continued ) continued : 80 . edie what be it like , Tom ? make I understand what it be , so I can be okay with have give almost twenty year of my life to a lie . tom it be not a lie . edie be you go to sit there and tell I it depend on what you definition cf the word '' be '' be ? goddam it , Tom ... joey .... shit ! whoever you be ! the lie be over . it 's dead . I want to know the truth right now . tom edie .... she glare at he , furious . tom ( cont 'd} my brother Steve and I ... he be older than I .... we be raise in a orphanage in Philadelphia . when he get old enough to leave , Steve run errand for torrino . I guess he think it be a way into be a player some day . torrino find out Steve be skim off some of he run . Steve ... Steve be the only family I would ever have . torrino ... he 's exactly what he look like , edie . guy like he , they kill you over nothing . cop find Steve in a dumpster . everyone know who it be , but nobody could prove anything . you never can . richie federici be my best friend , a year young than I ... he love Steve , toa . I come up with the idea of hit torrino 's cheese shop ... get some payback . make it look like a robbery . edie make it look like .... you be go to kill then . tom he kill my brother , edie . we get some gun ... that be not hard . and we wait until the store be close up . just torinno and a few guy in the back , smoking , drink , play card . { more } ( continued} continued : she look Tom nod , ( 2 ) tom ( cont would ) whatever the hell they do . we hit the shit out of they . we do not know what we be do , so we just shot at everything . and somehow .... edie , I do not know how we survive , but we do . somehow , we make it out with a money box . something like five thousand dollar . edie what happen to richie ? do he just leave , too ? tom no . at he , wait for a answer . tom ( cont no ) richie ... he ... we have fuck up . torrino be still alive . we be gonna leave town together , but they catch he before we could get we shit together . they tie he to the hood of a car and drive up and down the neighborhood , lock for I . edie ... he be my best friend ... and if T go to help he they be go to kill both of we . I know that . edie Jesus . tom there be no other way with this guy . so I have to either kill myself , or just turn my back on the whole thing . edie you leave , hold back the tear . tom I leave my best friend to die . edie and you come here . tom I go a lot of place . it take a long time to shed you skin , edie . I do not lie to you . T kill joey bohan . T do not have any other choice , I go out to the desert and I kill he . and T spend the next few year become Tom mckenna . ( more ) gl . {continued } 82 . continued : ( 3 ) tom {cont would } edie , you have to know this . I be bear again when I meet you . you ... this town ... this people ... you give I what I need to start over , to become decent . edie decent ? a decent man do not lie to he family , Tom . a decent man do not give he child a make up name . tom edie .... edie we never lie to each other , Tom , that be the deal , remember ? we love can get we through anything . my God . you never tell I anything but lie . tom we can start again . this be over . we can just go back to normal . it 's so easy , you will see . edie you sound just like my father . but you know something , Tom ? for all he shit , all that evil crap he dish out to my mother and I ... he never pretend to be anything but what he be . the only person he ever lie to be himself . tom edie ... edie I have to think , Tom . I have to go think very long and very hard about all of this . she turn and head to the door . he reach out and touch she arm . tom doey 's dead , edie . she walk out . int . taylorville high - hallway - day Jack walk down the hallway to he locker . the other kid make a point of not stare at he until he pass . he go to he locker and open it . Bobby walk by and Jack turn and look at . he . Bobby look away . 83 . int . hospital room ~ day Tom finish dress and a attendant help he into a wheelchair and wheel he to the door . int . taylorville high + classroom a teacher drone on about geography . Jack sit in he seat , look out the window . ext . hospital ~ day Tom get into a cab , which slowly pull out . ext . taylorville high ~- baseball field - day the boy 's class be play ball . Jack sit on the bench and watch the girl 's class run around the track , he see Judy and wave to she . she nod , but do not come over . Jack walk over to the track , walk up to Judy . jack hey . judy hey . jack what 's go on ? jguby nothing . running lap . coach notice you be go , you '1 ] get into trouble . jack who care ? a long , awkward , silent beat . judy well ... I have to finish my lap . she smile uncomfortably at he . jack yeah . okay . Fine . he turn and walk away . she watch he , troubled , then turn to go after he , to say something - anything . the girl 's coach blow she whistle . {continued } g 4 . continued : girl 's coach danver ! get back on the track ! Judy sigh in frustration and go back to run . ext . taylorville - STREET Tom 's taxi roll down the road . Tom look out the window at the town . ext . mckennaa diner through the window , Tom can see Charlotte wait on some customer . Business as usual . ext . mckenna house - day a big chunk of the field be black from the fire . the taxi pull up in front and Tom get out and walk to the front door . Jack sit on the porch . tom hey . Jack look up at he . jack what be I suppose to call you now ? tom what ? Jack , please . you have to ... jack I have to what , dad ? what do I have to do ? this be not a normal life , so I do not have any idea what I have to fuck do anymore . if I go rob miliken ' 's drug store , will you ground I if I do not give you a piece of the action ? what , dad ? you tell I ? tom Jack , I know you be upset . jack upset ? shit . upset would be a nice change around here . you know what you be , dad ? fom look at he son , not answer . Jack ( cont would ) you be the monster in Sarah 's closet . ( continued ) 85 . continued : Tom frown . Jack {cont would } you can not tell I anything . he get up and walk away , leave Tom stand there , upset . int . mckenna house Tom walk into the empty house . he look around . it 's still . Tom walk around the house , look into the empty room , int . mckenna house - sarah 's room Tom sit on he daughter 's bed and pick up one of she doll . he gently put it hack on the bed and look out the window . int . tom and ediens bedroom Tom stand in the doorway , look . nothing have change , but nothing 's the same . ext . mckenna house Tom slowly walk outside and look at the devastation . he walk to the shed in the back and get out a wheelbarrow and take it to the field , start load it up with burnt out corn husk and bit of metal . the sheriff 's car roll down the driveway and Sam step out . SAM hey , tom. good to see you up and around , Tom hey , Sam . SAM I could sure go for some of edie 's lemonade . ' tom come on in . int . live room Sam be pace around the live room . Tom walk in with two glass of lemonade and hand one to Sam , who take a deep long sip . tom so what bring you out here , Sam ? ( continued ) e '' continued : SAM well , you know . I just want to see how you be do . tom I ' 1l be okay . Sam nod . tom {cont would } there 's something else . SAM yeah . there be . Tom ... I have be run through it all for the last conple day , and it just do not fit . tom what do not fit ? SAM none of it . Tom nod . he look out the window and see the station wagon @ roll up . SAM ( cont ’d} edie home ? tom yeah . SAM we do not have to do this now . tom might as well . the door open , and edie walk in with Sarah in she arm . sarah daddy ! tom hey , baby . Tom hug he daughter . he and edie kiss very perfunctorily . Sam notice . edie hey , Sam . e@ ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 } SAM edie . how be you do ? edie I dunno . okay , I guess . SAM I be sorry about you father . edie thanks . Sarah trot upstairs to she room . sarah daddy , will you come up and play with I later ? tom sure , honey . they all watch she go . edie turn to Sam . edie what bring you out here , Sam ? SAM Tom and TI be just talk about that , edie . edie look to Tom , who 's clase ~ mouth and glum look . she nod . edie I have like to hear it . SAM well .... it 's just that none of this add up . I can buy torrino think you might be this joey fella . but this be serious man . they may not live within the law , but they recognize it , and they do not go outside of it without consideration . he would not go to the extreme of pull a trigger if he be not dead certain he have the right man . Tom do not say anything . edie look at Tom , then back to Sam . edie what be you say , Sam ? ( continued ) continued : Tom look 88 . 43 ) SAM T be say I think Tom have not be real upfront with I . I be say I think T need to know the truth . tom the truth . SAM you owe it to the people of this town , Tom . edie sam . SAM mm ? at edie anxiously . edie you have get too much time on you hand . SAM sorry ? edie I do not know why that man be so convinced Tom be this joey person , and frankly , I do not care . you be the one who say we look out for we own around here , and if Tom mckenna be not one of we own , I do not know who be . Tom be who he say he be , and that 's all that matter , Sam . have not this family suffer enough ? Sam look at she a long beat . SAM well , goddam , edie . he finish he lemonade , put it down , and give she a slow smile and nod . SAM ( cont no ) I guess I ’1ll be on my way . ke head to the door , then stop . SAM ( cont would ) you folk give a ring if you need anything . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) SAM ( cont would ) fom , you need some help fix up the field this weekend , you let I know , alright ? a9 . Tom nod . Sam touch he hat and walk outside . Tom and edie stand alone , watch Sam get into he car and drive tom edie .... she slap he hard . edie fuck you , joey . off . she walk out of the room , up the stair . Tom follow she . int . tom and edie 's bedroom edie walk in , follow by Tom . tom edie . what do you want ? edie what do I want ? I want it all back . tf want the life I think we have . I love that life . I love it . I think it be real . so maybe you nre right . maybe you have to live with a lie until you forget and it become the truth . I do not know if I can do that , but I want to try , because I guess it beat the alternative . right now , I do not know who you be . I do not know if I be talk to Tom mckenna or joey behan , or some monstrous thing that be not even a man to begin with . remember how we use to say we no never lie to each other ? that 's all we be go to do from here on out . I '' not go to let you tear this family apart . so you be Tom , I will be edie , and maybe someday it ' 1l start to feel real again , you can not live with that , you leave right now . Tom nod . ext . train track - dusk Jack sit on the track , a bottle in a brown paper bag in nis hand . he watch the sun set over the tree . gupy ( os} hey . ( continued } 90 . continued : he turn to see Judy . jack hey . judy since when do you start drink ? jack I do not . a long beat . Jack ( cont no ) tt taste like shit . he chuck the bottle . she sit down next to fim . judy want to smoke a joint ? jack Nah . thanks . Judy shrug and light up , take a deep hit . they sit in silence for a long beat . judy so Mr. beezer say '' shit '' today . jack beezer ? judy yeah , he slam he thumb with a hammer in class . jack beezer never curse . jupy right . I know . we be all , like , whoa ! dude ! Jack nod . gudy ( cont no ) you know , Bobby Jordan 's mellow out a lot the last couple day . seem like get he ass kick might have do he some good . dack do not respond . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) judy { ( cont no ) some people just need a good whupping sometimes . it 's a good thing someone be around to provide for he . World might just be a better place for it . Jack smile faintly . Judy smile back , warmly . she put she arm around he , and he bury he head in she shoulder . ext . cemetary - dusk a priest stand over a open grave , lowering a casket into the ground as edie stand by watch , hold Sarah 's hand . Tom stand alongside they . except for the gravedigger off to the side , there 's nobody else there . int . tom and edie 's bedroom - night edie sleep on one side . Tom , on the other , stare at the ceiling , uncomfortable in he own bed . he finally roll over and close he eye . fade to : black . a phone ring . tom hello ? man 's voice ( 0.8 . ) help I , joey .... int . tom and edie ‘s bedroom — night Tom sit on the side of the bed , shake to the core . edie sit up behind he . edie what be it , Tom ? tom richie 's alive . edie what ? tom Fe ... I do not know how ... he must have get away from they . ( continued ) continued : 92 . edie Tom , what the hell be you talk about ? tom richie , edie . richie be still alive . they do not kill he . edie that 's good , be not it ? tom no . I mean , yes . but ... dammit . dammit to hell . edie what ? tom they have he , edie . they find he . edie torrino ' 's dead , Tom . who 's '' they '' ? tom torrino 's friend . his organization . they must have track down richie , too . edie how , Tom ? find you make sense , but have you see richie on the evening news in the last few day ? do he change he name , too ? be you even listen to yourself ? tom it do not know . it do not matter , all that matter be that it be not over yet . edie no , it 's over . tom richie have a wife and kid , too . they say they be go to ... edie I do not want to hear it . tom edie . I have to deal with this . edie no , you do not . you be Tom , not joey . {continued } continued : ( 2 ) tom do you want to spend the rest of we life run and hide from this people ? edie , listen to I . they have richie . they be go to kill he and he family unless .... edie unless what ? tom unless I go to they . edie so they can kill you ? tom that 's what they want . edie what be you go to do ? tom edie , 1 have to go . edie to die ? tom no , to put a end to this - edie what do that mean , Tom ? Tom get up and start to get dress . edie ( cont would ) Tom , what do that mean ? tom it mean I have to go . edie goddammit , Tom . you can not . tom for twenty year I have run from this . I let my best friend die . I think I could not do a thing to stop it , but now it turn out T can - 93. ( continued ) 94 . @ continued : ( 3 ) edie and make yourself feel better in the bargain .. tom dammit , edie , it 's not about I . i[ t 's not about feel better about what happen . it 's about fix something I do . edie you do not have to do it . tom yeah , I do . I have to . edie so you 'il give up you family for that ? ' tom be that what it mean ? edie that 's what it mean . Tom frown and button he shirt . he turn to she . ' tom when they have do something that 's so bad they can not live with it , some people end it all , they just shut off , they kill themselves , or get lose in drug or booze ... other ... we just shut it out , we push it aside , as far as we can , every time until it stop come . I think it have go away forever , edie . I think that so many of my cell have die and be replace that I would become someone else completely , and I guess even that 's a lie , because the truth be , I do not think about it at all . I would bury it . until this happen . and that 's when I learn that it would never go away . it 's always be there , just wait for a chance to come out . the only way I can bury it , the only way I can be Tom mckenna and stay Tom mckenna be to face this thing and kill it . edie that 's just bullshit , Tom . all you have 4 to do be choose . @ ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 4 ) tom there 's no choice for I . edie we will not be here when you get back . tom I hope you be . he walk out of the room without look back . edie drop onto the bed , slightly in shock . she reach over to turn on the lamp , and it flicker off and on . she shake it , but it do not do anything . in a flash of rage , she lash out , slamm the lamp against the wall , where it shatter . ext . mckenna house the barn in the back . Tom open the door and go inside . there 's a roar of a engine , and a moment later , a big , batter pickup drive out . he swerve around the station wagon and disappear down the road . ext . philadelphia ~ night the city look alive at night . the skyline be brightly light and beautiful . Tom ~ let 's call he joey now , because that 's who he be - sit in the shadow of the step of the Art Museum look over it . it 's be a long time . his hair 's scruffy and he have not shave in a couple day . a loud roar , and two soupe up car blast past the museum , a late night street race . joey smile faintly in recognition and stand , head down the stair to he truck . ext . cafe des artistes ~ night a corner restaurant in the middle of the city . joey walk up to it and leok at the sign hang outside . he walk in . int . cafe des artistes a nice boho kind of joint . College kid and young urban professional enjoy vegetarian meal in a delicate , pretty decor . a maitre would approach he . maitre '’d how many in you party , sir ? joey what happen to Murph 's ? maitre‘d Sir ? ( continued } 96 . continued : joey this place use to be Murphy 's tavern . Christ , I mean , forever . since the forty , at least . maitre'd oh , Murphy 's . they be shut down at least six year ago . joey for what ? maitre ’d they be serve minor . joey shake he head . joey yeah , that figure . maitre ’d will you be have dinner , sir ? joey no . I do not think so . thanks . he stop , then turn back . joey {cant have ) track and turf still around ? maitre‘d that place on 45th ? yeah . I think so . joey nod and walk out . int . track and turf - later a real dive bar . a break neon sign in the window read " track & turf '' backwards . a batter old bar in the middle . a few booth , a couple table with mismatch old chair . a decent size , albeit ratty crowd fill the place . joey walk in and look around . he look in the corner and see @ decrepit old slide bowl machine and smile . he walk to the bar and sit . the bartender walk over to he . joey genny cream . the bartender put a bottle in front of joey , who take a long pull and look around the place . he spot a man sit in a booth in the back and get up and walk over to he . {cont inued } continued : soey ( cont would ) where 's 's ruben ? man ruben ? shit. ruben 's be dead for ten year , man . joey nod and turn to walk away . man ( cont no ) the man be go , but he tradition life on . joey yeah ? the man nod . joey sit down across from he . joey ( cont have ) I be look to buy . man you buy from ruben ? joey yeah . once . Long time ago . man what you lookin’ for ? joey I do not know . something in a semi - automatic . I need two of they . Major stop nower . and ammo . couple more item . I need to see what you have get . the man nod . man you a cop ? jcey do I look like a cop ? man shit . you look like a farmer on vacation . joey smile . 97 . 98 . ext . torrino 's cheese shop ~ night joey stand across the street , in the shadow , look at the old cheese shop . he pull a gun out of he jacket , cock it , and walk determinedly towards the store . int . torrino' cheese shop a old man stand behind the counter , wrapping a large block of cheese in wax paper with one hand . except for he , the store be empty . the door slam open and joey barrel in , gun in hand , face grim . the Old man flinch , but do not look up . old man you would be joey behan . jory T be . the Old man continue wrapping , not make eye contact with joey . old man you be in the wrong place . joey where be they keep richie ? old man you know the old beach house ? joey the one in surf City ? the Old man nod . joey ( cont would ) you get the address ? the old man put down the block of cheese , pick up a pencil and write the address down on a piece of brown paper . joey notice that he other arm do not seem to work . joey ( cont would ) how many man there ? old man ai not more than five of they leit . ( continued } 99 . continued : soey who be you ? old man I just run the shop . joey torrino 's go , you know . old man I know . joey nod towards the man 's dead arm . joey what happen to you arm ? the Old man turn to face joey for the first time . old man you know , joey . joey 's jaw tighten . he take the piece of paper and nod grimly , walk out of the shop . the Old man go back to he ' cheese . ext . surf CITY STREET - dawn wave crash on the beach as the sun peek over the horizon . joey 's truck be pull over by the side of the road . int . joey 's truck joey sit in the driver seat , sip coffee from a '' World 's greatest dad '' mug . he 's fully strapped ~ crisscross underarm holster with gun . a huge knife in a strap - on holster sit next to he . he finish the coffee , slip the strap on around he leg under he pants , and put a jacket on over the holster . he get out . ext . beach house B big old beach house sit at the edge of the dune . it 's see better day . Three or four car be park at random angle in the driveway . a large man in a football jersey - thug # 1 ~ stand by the front door , casually keep a eye out . ke hear a slight scuffling noise and whirl , produce a gun out of nowhere . nothing . ( continued ) 100 . continued : he ease back just as joey appear behind he , knife in hand . joey whip a hand over the man 's mouth and slam the knife into he back again and again . thug # 1 sag to the ground . doey watch he drop , blood stain he jacket . he turn to the house . int . beach house thug # 2 and # 3 sit around a coffee table , drink coffee , gun sit in front of they . thug # 2 read a paper . thug # 2 you ever read the funnyy ? thug # 3 not anymore . nothing funny leave . thug # 2 ai not that the goddam truth . I can not believe how bad this Cathy shit be , someone should strangle this bitch . the front door open . thug # 2 ( cont would ) yo , marvin . what 's up , you nre suppose tow ... they look up and see joey stand there , a gun in each hand . the two man scramble for they gun , but joey fire first . thug # 2 go down in a spray of blood . thug # 3 dive to the floor , knock the table over . the coffee , cup , newspaper and gun crash to the floor and he scramble for a gun . joey move quickly and leap on the man 's back , slam he gun in he ear . joey where 's richie ? thug # 3 downstair . we get a basement . he 's down there . joey nod . joey I be sorry about this , thug # 3 fuck you . {continued ) 103 . continued : blam ! int , basement thug # 4 lean against a wall , gun in hand , wait . the basement door slam open and something crash down . thug # 4 whip out from behind the wall blast . he step out to see that he 's shot the hell out of a old armchair . thug # 4 shit . joey pop up in the basement door and blast away , nail the thug . joey cautiously creep down the stair , ready for anything . he 's stain with the blood of the man he 's kill . he step down into the dark basement and look around . Hit switch on the wall and the light go on . the basement be empty . he hear a sound , and look ~ across the room be a door lead into a smaller area . joey cautiously step towards it . joey alright . whoever 's in there ... come on out . a long beat . then .... man' voice ( 0.s.} joey ? joey richie ? mana voice ( 0.s. } joey ! help I . I be all alone in here , joey cautiously approach the door . take a deep breath and push it open . int . basement - SMALL room richie , a gcod look man the same age as joey , sit on a chair in the middle of the room , he hand tie behind he back . joey step in , gun in hand . joey Jesus . richie . ( continued ) continued : 102 . richie joey ! oh my god. joey ! joey how many here ? richie what ? that guy ? just four . joey I be expect five . richie I dunno . I only know four . Jesus , joey ! you come ! untie meet ! joey holster he gun and walk over to richie and lean down . except richie 's hand be not tie . richie whip out a gun and point it at joey 's head . joey freeze . richie ( cont would ) oh , yeah . there be five . richie stand up , gun still point . richte ( cont no ) I know you would come , do not think you would make it this far , though . I be hope for a little less bloodsh , joey . Jesus , you be good with the kill , be not you ? joey glare at he . richie ( cont ’d} why do you think that be ? you think it 's genetic ? you think you old man be some kind of killer ? or be it just chance ? jory they do not track you down , richie oh , hell no . i have always be here , joey . right here where you leave I . joey what happen ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) richte do you have any idea what it take to talk one of this wiseguy fuck out of kill you ? joey shake he head . richie ( cont would ) I tell he the whole story , man . I tell he how you talk I out of go away to school so I could help you kill he . he like that loyalty thing , you know ? he like that I have give up what I want for a friend , joey . or Tom . you prefer Tom ? you be start to look like a Tom , you know ? yeah , well , anyway , after a while , he start let I do some work for he . make I do the dirtiest goddam job he have . lot of fun shit . I get good at it , too . you would not believe how easy it be to just slide into bad . oh , hell . yeah , you would . joey do not respond . richie ( cont no ) you get nothing to say ? huh ? you just gonna sit there and listen ? he step forward and smack joey in the head with the butt of the gun , joey 's head snap back , but he do not say anything . richie ( cont would ) hey ! I be talkin’ here ! he smack he again , this time draw blood . joey wipe the blood from he forehead and respond quietly and evenly . joey I '' listen . richie yeah . you better . you fuckin’ better . he step back and compose himself a beat . richie ( cont would ) all that really matter be that it get to the point where torrino actually trust I , and when you bump the old man , that leave I in charge of what be leave of he shit . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) richie ( cont would ) course , now you nve take care of that , so I be gonna have to go work for the New York guy , start over at the bottom . like I do not owe you for enough as it be . goddam you , joey . I could have have a real life . I be go to go to fuck college , man . guy like we , how many of we make it that far ? you do this , joey . you do this to my life . joey step toward richie . joey I guess I kinda know some of that . they just find you out of the blue , the same time they find I ? do not make sense . richie then why have you come back ? joey I come here to save you . richie you miss you chance a long time ago . e joey step closer . richie raise the gun , point it at he head . joey X think I could live with what I no do to you , richie . in the end , I could not . I want to believe I could save you , but I guess this will have to do . he stick he forehead up against the barrel of richie 's gun . jcey ( cont would ) you do what you have to . richie I want you to beg for I . joey not gonna happen . just end it . richie alright . then beg for you family . joey my family ...? @ ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 4 } richie I see you wife on tv . she 's get a real bloom to she . I think I '11 fuck she before I kill she . how about that ? you willing to beg for that ? without warning , joey whip he head to the leave , cause richie 's gun to slide forward , past he head . richie stagger forward , and grunt in surprise . the gun go off , but joey knock it out of he hand with he free hand . richie slowly look down and see joey 's other hand - it 's wrap around the knife stick into richie 's belly . richie stagger back , clutching the knife , blood gush . joey calmly pull out one of he gun and point it at richie . joey I '' willing to kill for that , richie . ext . beach house joey walk towards the beach , batter and blood soak . he walk down to the edge of the water and hurl he revolver as far as they will go . we take the bloody knife out of its holster and throw it after they . he tear off the knife holster and the underarm holster and throw they into the sea as well . he rip he bloody shirt off and throw it in after the weapon , then fall to the sand and sit , stare out as the sun rise over the horizon , water lap closer and closer to he foot . he sit a long , long time . ext . mckenna house ~ dusk Tom 's pickup pull up in front of the house . Tom get out and look at the house , see the station wagon park in front . the field have be clean up , all remnant of the propane tank be go . Tom walk to the front door and open it . int . live room empty . Tom hear a sound in another room , and head for the kitchen . 106 . int . kitchen edie sit at the head of the table , dish out dinner to Jack and Sarah . Jack and Sarah look up when he walk in , then go back to they meal . edie do not look up . Tom stand in the doorway a long beat , then sit in he chair . a long beat as the family eat . Tom look around at he family , who do not return he look , he close he eye and fight back the tear . Sarah look around the table , at she mother and brother , then she father . she 's think hard . Sarah get up and walk over to the counter and pick up a plate and some silverware and put they in front of she father , she face very straight . Tom look at she , he eye wet , and smile . she shoot he a uncertain smile , then go back to she seat . Jack , chew he dinner , look at the serve plate in the middle of the table . he swallow , then push the plate over in front of he father , not make eye contact . Tom smile in gratitude . he look across the table at edie , who stare intently at the food in front of she . after a lang beat , she look up at she husband , she face impassive . he look back , no idea what she 's think , no idea what the future hold . but he see something in she eye , and for now , that 's enough . there 's hope . fade to black