a.1i . : artificial Intelligence ( 2001 ) movie script by Ian Watson and Brian aldiss . the complete dialogue . official host of the complete dialogue be http:/ /www.comeawayohumanchild.net/aidialogue.htm part one atlantic ocean narrator that be the year after the ice cap have melt because of the greenhouse gas , and the ocean have rise to drow so many city along all the shoreline of the world . Amsterdam . Venice . New York . forever lose . million of people be displace , climate become chaotic . hundred of million of people starve in poorer country . elsewhere , a high degree of prosperity survive when most government in the develop world introduce legal sanction to strictly license pregnancy , which be why robot , who be never hungry and who do not consume resource beyond that of they first manufacture , be so essential a economic link in the chain mail of society . library-cybertronics corp . hobby to create a artificial be have be the dream of man since the birth of science . not merely the beginning of the modern age , when we forebear astonished the world with the first think machine : primitive monster that could play chess . how far we have come . the artificial be be a reality of perfect simulacrum , articulate in limb , articulate in speech , and not lack in human response sheila ahhh ! ! hobby ... and even pain memory response . how do that make you feel ? angry ? shock ? sheila I do not understand . hobby what do I do to you feeling ? sheila you do it to my hand . hobby aye . there 's the rub . undress . at cybertronics of New Jersey , the artificial be have reach its high form . universally adopt mecha , the basis for hundred of model , serve the human race in all the multiplicity of daily life . that 's far enough . but we have no reason to congratulate ourselves . we be , rightly , proud of it , but what do it amount to ? Sheila , open . a sensory toy , with intelligent behavioral circuit , use neurone sequence technology as old as I be . I believe that my work on mapp the impulse pathway in a single neurone can enable we to construct a mecha of a qualitatively different order . I propose that we build a robot , who can love . team member # 1 Love ? team member # 2 but we ship thousand of lover model every month . team member # 3 of course , you be you own best customer , siyatsu -sama . team member # 2 quality control isvery important ! hobby tell I , what be love ? sheila Love be first widen my eye a little bit and quicken my breathe a little and warming my skin and touch with my - hobby and so on . exactly so . thank you , Sheila . but I be not refer to sensuality simulator . the word that I use be love . Love like the love of a child for its parent . I propose that we build a robot child , who can love . a robot child who will genuinely love the parent or parent it imprint on , with a love that will never end . team member # 3 a child substitute mecha ? hobby but a mecha with a mind , with neuronal feedback . you see what I be suggest be that love will be the key by which they acquire a kind of subconscious never before achieve . a inner world of metaphor , of intuition , of self motivate reason . of dream . team member # 4 a robot that dream ? hobby yes . team member # 4 and how exactly do we pull this off ? female team member you know , it occur to I ... um ... with all this animus exist against mechas today , it be not simply a question of create a robot who can love , but be not the real conundrum - can you get a human to love they back ? hobby our will be a perfect child catch in a freeze - frame - always loving , never ill , never change . with all the childless couple yearn in vain for a license , we little mecha would not only open a entirely new market , it will fill a great human need . female team member but you have not answer my question . if a robot could genuinely love a person , what responsibility do that person hold toward that mecha in return ? it 's a moral question , be not it ? hobby the oldest one of all . but in the beginning , do not God create Adam to love he ? cryogenic hospital monica the baby be bear as the first leave of autumn fall . a baby boy . and marion 's wish come true . the boy have white hair . he be baptize Martin after he grandfather . henry Dr frazier . hi . it 's good to see you . dr.frazier hi. how be you ? henry listen , there be a article by randenbach in the Journal of chinese Medicine - they be talk about this virus locator .... dr.frazier hello again , monica . henry . microscopic , synthetic hunter killer . do you read that article ? monica I can still hear you ! dr.frazier I be worried about she , Henry . she 's really get I worried . henry yeah , I know . dr.frazier she 's in the most difficult position of feel she should mourn the death of you son . after five year you instinct tell you to mourn he , too . but medicine assure we that mourn be inappropriate , that Martin be merely pend . henry pending . dr.frazier so all she grief go undigested . Henry , you son may be beyond we science , but it 's you wife who can still be reach . hobby' office first assistant the screen process be extremely difficult . it be almost tougher than building the prototype . second assistant of we 2,000 employee a surprising few meet you minimum requirement for the in-house testing . initiate . employment record . quality of life style . query . Internal data . loyalty to the firm . and ... in this individual case , a family tragedy that may qualify he above the rest . hobby I 'il see he . foyer-swinton home monica Henry . henry do kill I . monica Henry , what be you do ? henry I love you . do kill I . Doors close . david I like you floor . master bedroom monica I can not accept this ! there be no substitute for you own child ! henry you do not have to accept it or even try - it 's not too late to take he back ! monica what be you think ?! henry I x11 do whatever you want I to do ! monica you think I can just , I can just ... henry I x11 do whatever you want I to do ! monica I do not know ... what to do . henry I know , I knowi 'il return he to cybertronics first thing in the morning , its go . monica good . I mean Henry , do you see he face ? he 's , he 's so real . but he 's not ... henry no , he 's not . monica I mean , inside he 's like all the rest , be not he ? henry a hundred mile of fiber , yeah . monica but outside he just look so real ... like he be a child . henry a mecha child . monica a child ... master bathroom henry the show of faith my company have place on I ... on we , be extraordinary . now there be a few simple procedure we need to follow if and when you decide to keep David . if you decide to keep he , there a imprint protocol consist of a code string of seven particular word which need to be speak to David in the predefine order thats be print here . now monica , for we own protection , this imprint be irreversible . the robot child love would be seal , in a sense hardwire , and wed be part of he forever . because of this , after imprint , no mecha child can be resold . if a adoptive parent should ever decide not to keep the child , they must return it to cybertronics for destruction . now , I have to sign a letter of agreement or they wouldnt even let you see David . you have to sign it too ... right here . monica ... dont imprint until you be entirely sure . monica silly man . of course Im not sure . martin 's bedroom david would you like I to sleep now ? monica uh ... henry good idea . good idea . monica ? monica uh..well .. it 's late , you knowit 's after nine , so uh ... henry yeah . ten past . monica how ..how late do they let you stay up ? david I can never go to sleep , but I can lay quietly , and not make a peep . monica so that pajamas will fit you , and uh , we ’1ll be in to check on you first thing in the morning . david dress I ? monica you know I be gonna say good night ... while you ... boy be boy . henry raise you arm . hallway closet david be it a game ? monica yes . hide and seek . found you . thats you bedroom . just go and play . hallway bathroom monica ahhh ! david I find you . monica out ! out ! get outta here ! and close the goddamn door ! dine room david , monica , & henry ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha . ! martin 's bedroom ( monica dress David for bed - she mind bounce back and forth between David and Martin . the next day ... ) david be it a game ? monica now , I be gonna read some word , anduh ... they will not make any sense , but I want you to listen to they anyway . and ... look at I all the time . can you do that ? david yes , monica . monica can you feel my hand on the back of you neck ? david yes . monica do any of this hurt ? david no. monica okay . now . look at I ? ready ? cirrus. socrate . particle . decibel . Hurricane . dolphin . tulip . monica . david. monica ... all right I wonder if I do that right . I dont - david what be that word for , mommy ? monica what do you call I ? david mommy . monica who be I , David ? david you be my mommy . master bedroom monica ( humming ... ) hmm ...! henry you smell lovely . I love it when you wear this stuff . monica will you still love I when it 's all go ? henry no . monica wha ... stop it ! henry but we can get marry again and begin with a fragrance that 's not in such short supply . monica hmmm ... henry gotta go ... come on , we be late ! monica ( still hum ... ) henry hello , David . david hello , Henry . monica walk we out , alright , sweetheart ? come on . my shoe ! ( laugh ) foyer monica Henry , you tie ! henry yeah I know ! I be helpless ! monica you be hopeless ! henry oh , it 's not bad ... monica oh , it 's just tight ... I be just try so hard . henry you see the way he rearrange that ... monica he try so hard to please I . he have a way with my coffee . henry and its creepy . you can never hear he come . hes just always there . monica he be only a child . henry monica , hes a toy . monica hes a gift , from you . David ! when we leave , all the door and window will go smart , so you can not leave you room , but , if you have like ... oh , I put way too much on . david do I smell lovely ? monica ( sigh ) I x11 go look ... master bedroom david mommy ? will you die ? monica well .... one day David . yes , I will . david i1l be alone . monica do worry yourself so . david how long will you live ? monica for age . for fifty year . david I love you , mommy . I hope you never die . never . monica yes ... henry darling ? we be become unfashionably , unreasonably late . martin 's bedroom monica this belong to Martin . my son . teddy grr-rowr ! monica his name be teddy . teddy , this be David . david hello , teddy . teddy hello , David . monica David , teddy be a Super - toy , and I know youll take good care of each other . teddy I be not ... a toy . staircase / foyer monica Henry ? sorry ...! henry what be you do up there ? monica ohh , I 'il tell you in the car . c’mon . martin 's bedroom david be fifty year a long time ? teddy I do not think so . kitchen monica David , I 'il get it ! honey , hand it to I . david look what I can do ! ( Operator 's voice ) hello ...? monica hah . .. yes ? david ( Operator 's voice ) Mrs. swinton , could you hold a moment ? I have a urgent call from you husband . monica monica : yes . I will . uh..uh ... David , I need to talk to the phone now . david ( Henry 's voice ) monica ? monica can you hear I , monica ? monica let the phone talk now . come on . david ( Henry 's voice ) monica , can you hear I ? pick up the phone monica . monica run along , play with teddy . david ( Henry 's voice ) pick up the phone , monica ! oh my god moni ... monica hello ? Henry ? what be it ? wha ... what ? when ? oh god ... foyer monica David ? the most wonderful thing in the whole world have happen . this be Martin . this be my son . martin 's bedroom teddy Martin , no ... martin well have a contest , to see who he come to first . come here , teddy ! come here , boy ! teddy ! come here ! you call he too . david come here , teddy . martin come on ... david come here , boy . martin teddy ! teddy ! come here ! come on , teddy ! come here ! david come here , teddy . martin come here , teddy ! teddy ! teddy come ! c’mere ! david come here , teddy . martin come teddy ! come ! teddy mommy ! mommy ! monica be they torture you , teddy ? martin he use to be a Super - toy , but now hes old and stupid . you want he ? david yes , please . martin so , I guess now your the new Super - toy , so what good stuff can you do ? oh , can you do ' power 's stuff , like , uhhh , walk on the ceiling or the wall ? anti - gravity ? like , float , or fly ? david can you ? martin no , because Im real . can you break this ? david I better not . martin this thing ... they do look better in piece . they do . david I cant . martin stand up . look , they make you bigger than I . david who do ? martin well , they do , the dollmaker . they make you taller . why do not you look like one ? david like one ... martin you be not cute like a doll . you just look like someone ordinary kid . when you birthday ? david I never have a birthday . martin okaywell , when be you first build ? when you build day ? david I dont remember . martin okay , what the first thing you can remember ? david a bird . martin what sort of bird ? david a bird with big wing . and feather stick up from the bottom . martin could you draw it ? david yes . martin that look like a peacock . can you say peacock ? david peacock . martin can you say pea ? david pea. martin now , say that two time fast . kitchen monica okay . then you gotta put the green one . martin read to we ? monica hey ... let see . oh , yes . martin david go to love it . on the boat monica as soon as the show be over , the showman go into the kitchen , where the whole sheep which he be prepare for supper be roasting on a slowly turn spit in the furnace . when he see that there be not enough wood to finish roasting it , he call harlequin and pulcinella and say , " bring I in pinocchio ! you will find he hang on a nail . he be make of nice dry wood and Im sure he will make a nice fire for my roast . martin 's bedroom monica pinocchio work until midnight , and instead of make eight basket , he make sixteen . then he go to bed , and fall asleep . as he sleep , he dreamt he see the fairy , lovely and smile , who give he a kiss , say , ' brave pinocchio , in return for you good heart , I forgive all you past misdeed . be good in the future , and you will be happy . 's then the dream end , and pinocchio awoke , full of amazement . you can imagine how astonished he be when he see that he be no longer a puppet , but a real boy , just like other boy . dine room henry josephine evidently have .. uh .. take a leave of absence . monica oh my God ... henry umm ... humm . monica well ... I see that come . henry how could you see that come ? they be fabulous together . monica oh come on ! she be miserable ... I mean ... henry well , he never say they be miserable . monica yeah .. . thats because .... be that because of the cutback or what ? henry I have no idea . they certainly dont tell I anything . monica do not they have a bit of a weight problem ? henry well so do I ... I mean ... monica do not ! that be ridiculous . henry ... well ... all right look .. I dont know ... isnt there ... something about inner beauty ? teddy you will break . monica oh that be ridiculous . henry exactly ...oh , work have become so silly . do he eat ? monica Im not sure . henry youre not suppose to do that . monica David , what be you do ? David ?! henry do you have the manual ... the book ? monica Martin , put the fork down . put it down now . henry stop. stop , David . will you stop ? monica David ?! stop it . Martin your provoking he . ok ? henry David , stop it ! monica the two of you stop it ! stop it now ! stop it !! David ! stop it ! later first a.r.t. tech hmmm . . spew in the code blocker . second a.r.t. tech smell that garlic ! first a.r.t. tech should clone the chest bridge ... ehhh ...! second a.r.t. tech do you locate the server ? first a.r.t. tech do not touch the merchandise . second a.r.t. tech it 's all swamp in here . first a.r.t. tech you ... make a mess of yourself ! spinach be for rabbit , people and popeye . not robo-boy . second a.r.t. tech go ahead insert you cell ... let 's do a patching on the lower shelf . david it 's ok , mommy . it do not hurt ! first a.r.t. tech the activator be all hook up on this side . henry monica ... monica no ! I just have to ... second a.r.t. tech that 's not all of it ... that 's not all of it ... martin 's bedroom martin if you do something really , really , really special for I , a special mission , then I 'il go tell mommy ... I love you , and then she 'il love you , too . david what shall I do ? martin you have to promise , and then I x11 tell you . david you have to tell I , and then I x11 promise . martin I want a lock of mommy 's hair . i’1l share it with you . and if you have it , and wear it , she might love you even more , like the princess in the movie we see . when she have the prince 's hair in she necklace thing , he love she . david we can ask she - martin no ! it have to be a secret mission . sneak in to mommy 's bedroom , in the middle of the night , and chopit off . david I can not , Martin . I be not allow . martin you promise . you say ' tell I and then I 'il promise 's , didnt you ? master bedroom ( henry & monica talk over each other . dialogue separate ) henry David ! - monica ( gasp ! ) henry why do you do that ?! why do you do that ?! talk to I ! David god damn it , talk to I David ! why do you do that , David ?! why do you do that ?! tell I why-did - you - monica Henry , what be you do - your hurt he ! Henry , let he go ! Henry your hurt he ! youre hurt he ! you - dont break he !! david Henry I want mommy to love memore . monica oh my god henry what ? monica oh my god , I think I cut my eye . henry lemme see . monica oh god , I think it 's bleed ! henry comecome ... come on , wash it out . backyard pool monica it 's normal for little boy to feel jealous and competitive . Martin 's only be home a month and ... it 's normal for brother to challenge each other . he ... he be play a game , he make a mistake , and he - he 's practically human . henry that 's not how he look hold the knife . monica scissor . henry it be a weapon . monica why do you keep imagine that he be purposely try to harm I ? henry uh , because we do not know the answer to that ! how be he worth the risk to you , or to Martin , or to we as a family ? monica I will not let you take he back . you tell I what would happen if you ever take he back . henry think about this . if he be create to love , then it 's reasonable to assume he know how to hate . and if push to that extreme , what be he really capable of ? later david happy birthday , Martin . I make this for you . tod this he ? this you little brother ? martin technicallyno . tod hes mecha ! david what mecha ? tod we be orga -nic , your mecha-nical . orga , mecha , orga ... martin tod ... tod ... mecha , orga , mecha ... martin tod...stop . tod I didnt know they even make little kid . boy # 1 can you pee ? david I cannot . boy # 1 then let see what you cant pee with . martin come on ... boy # 2 touch it . boy#3 it feel so real . boy # 2 oh , thats ... thats creepy . boy # 4 whoa ... feel so real . boy # 2 that be too real . tod mecha real . do he have das ? boy # 3 das what ? boy # 2 das ist gut ! tod damage avoidance system . das . its a pain - alert system . we serve - man have it . its so they dont go pick up fire with they bare hand and stuff . watch . watch this . now , Im not go to cut you . this be not gonna hurt . Im not gonna cut you skin . just tell I when you can feel it . david keep I safe , Martin . keep I safe ! martin lemme go ! david keep I safe Martin ! martin lemme go ! Mom ! Mom ! mommmmmmmm ! david keep I safe , keep I safe , keep I safe , keep I safe ... monica Henry ! oh my ... God ! he 's not breathe ... he 's not breathe ! come on , breathe ! henry come on .. come on , man ... Martin ! take a breath ... cough it up ! thatta boy , that 's a great boy ! monica ..thank God ... thank God thank God ! henry call frazier - tell he what happen ! get he outta there ! martin 's bedroom monica hey David ? david mommy ! mommy ! monica David , wait . I need to speak to to you for a minute , okay ? david okay ! monica yeah ... monica look over some message that David have be write . monica oh , David , this be beautiful ! thank you . um ... um , hey David , I be think that we could go for a drive tomorrow in the country . you and I . what do you say ? david and teddy ? monica yeah , and teddy . david thank you mommy ! thank you so much ! monica tomorrow 's gonna be just for we , okay ? in the car david where be we go ? someplace nice ? be that happy tear ? what for dinner tonight ? monica you know you dont eat . david yes . but I like sit at the table . in the wood monica David . David , hold on . David ? David ! listen ! listen to I ! David ? David listen ! now you will not understand the reason , but I .. I have to leave you here . david be it a game ? monica no. david when will you come back for I ? monica I be not , David , you ... you 'il have to be here by yourself . david alone ? monica with teddy . ** David and monica talk over each other . for clarity , here be the dialogue , separate . david no. no ! no , no , no , no ! no , mommy please ! monica shhh ... shhh ... david no! no! please no mommy no ! monica they be go to destroy you ... david no , mommy ! monica David , they 'il destroy you . David ... David , they be go to destroy you ! david mommy , no ! I be sorry I break myself ! I be so sorry I cut you hair off and I be oh so sorry I hurt you and I hurt Martin and I hurt Henry and I hurt everybody ! monica no...no , no ... I have to go . I have to go ! stop it ! david I be sorry ! monica stop it ! I have to go ! david mommy , no ! mommy ! mommy ! mommy , if pinocchio become a real boy and ... and I become a real boy can I come home ? monica but that 's just a story , David . david but that story tell what happen ! monica story be not real ! you be not real ! now listen , look . look ! take this , alright ? take this . and do not let anyone see how much it be . now look . do not go that way , alright ? look ! do not look at I , look ! do not go that way , alright ? go any where but that way or they 's 1l catch you ! do not ever let they catch you ! listen , stay away from flesh fair , away from where there be lot of people ! stay away from all people ! only other like you , only mecha be safe ! now get go ! david why do you want to leave I ? why do you want to leave I ??! I be sorry I be not real , if you let I I 'il be so real for you ! monica let go . let go ! let go !! I be sorry I do not tell you about the world ! sleazy motel room patricia I be afraid ... joe of I ? that I will hurt you ? patricia yes ... joe I think ... you be afraid of let go . I think you be afraid of happiness . and this be start to excite I . be you afraid of see the star ... Patricia ? I can show you how to reach they . patricia I be afraid ... of what you have get under there . May I see what it look like first ? joe be this you first time ... with something like I ? patricia I have never be with mecha . joe that make two of we . patricia I be afraid it will hurt . joe Patricia ... once you have have a lover robot , you 'il never want a real man ... again . be this the wound of passion ? Singer : be the star out tonight ? I do not know if it 's cloudy or bright . I only have eye for you , dear ! patricia do you ... do you hear that music ? Singer : ( note : this be play over Joe 's next line ) the moon may be high , but I can not see a thing in the sky , " Cause I only have eye for you , yeah ... I only have eye for you ! joe you ... be a goddess , Patricia . you wind I up inside . but you deserve much better in you life . you deserve ... I . chorus : ' Cause I only have eye for you . the moon may be high , but I cant see a thing in the sky Cause I only have eye for you ! CITY STREET jane hey , Joe , whaddaya know ? joe hey , Jane , how the game ? at the HOTEL front desk clerk hey , Joe , whaddyaknow ? joe hello , Mr. williamson . place a dnd on room one - oh- two , please . mr . williamson sure thing . ( exhales ) ' ere ya go . here y’are . oh ! Joe ! uh , when you be finish here , crack you collar . show off you operate license . the , uh , flesh fair 's in barn Creek , and the hound be out hunt for stray . joe it 's a good thing I run into you . thanks Mr. williamson . mr . williamson sure thing . joe mustnt keep a lady wait . in room 102 joe Ms. beven . its Joe . at you service . ive be count the second since last we meet . have you be cry , samantha ? I find a tear . mr . bevins hey Joe , whatdya know ? how many second have it be , the last time the two of you be together ? joe two hundred and fifty five thousand , one hundred and thirty three . mr . bevins Goodbye , Sam . and never forget , you kill I first . joe Im in bad trouble . in the wood david if I be a real boy , then I can go back . and she will love I then . teddy how ? david the Blue Fairy make pinocchio into a real boy . she can make I into a real boy . I must find she , so I can become real . there must be someone in the whole world who know where she life . roadside dump / wood junkyard mecha # 1 - Moon on the rise ! junkyard mecha # 2 - it 's a flesh Fair . they destroy we on stage . ive be there . david what do we do ? teddy we run now . flesh fair balloon lord johnson - johnson any old iron ? any old iron ? any old iron ? any old iron ? expel you mecha . purge yourselves of artificiality . come along now , let some mecha loose to run , any old unlicense iron down there ? hey , see that ? could be a human thing . balloon operator no , hes scan cold . no expiration date , no id . lord johnson - johnson what a new model do loose and unregister ? balloon operator Sir , its a late generation lover mecha . lord johnson - johnson well , there a relief from all this antique iron . you be certain hes not a man ? I wouldnt want a repeat of the trenton incident . balloon operator Sir , hes free range mecha , run hot . lord johnson - johnson let reel he in , boy . sic the hound on the rest . shake down shantytown . house in shantytown mecha nanny what you name ? david my name be David . mecha nanny hello David ! how old be you ? david I dont know . mecha nanny do you need someone to take care of you ? would you like a nanny ? I have many good reference . david do you know where the Blue Fairy life ? hanging in the net mecha nanny do not be afraid , David . dodo , l’enfant do , l’enfant dormira bien vite ; dodo , l’enfant do , l’enfant dormira bientot ... teddy i’1l break , David . mecha nanny Une chanson douce que I chantait mar maman ... teddy ow ! mecha nanny Une chanson douce que I chantait mar maman ... the flesh fair front gate attendant hello . anybody lose this ? hello ? this you dog ? teddy grr-rrrr ... front gate attendant take it to lose and find for I , okay ? crew member # 1 hey , Allen ! lose and find ! teddy do you know David ? crew member # 2 where 's the off switch ? teddy where 's David ? can you help I find David ? I have to find David . be you take I to David ? the arena mecha comedian can you shoot I over the propeller thing ? yea , I do not need to go through it . ahhh , I be consider it , but I change my mind . ringleader gentlemen ! start ... you ... engine ! ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one . what about we ?! crowd what about we ! ringleader what ... about ... we ?! crowd what about we ! ringleader we be alive , and this be a celebration of life ! and this be commitment to a truly human future ! little girl ( to teddy ) what 's you name ? david hello , teddy . teddy hello , David . control booth papa take it ! take it . background roll ... little girl papa ? papa not on the ... technician ... biker helm . little girl papa ? papa amanda , go on back outside , honey . it 's too smoky in here . amanda there 's a boy in the cage . papa what have you say ? amanda there 's a boy the cage . papa a boy ? amanda a real boy . he 's stick in the cage . papa in the pen , honey ? amanda in the jail place ... technician random crowd reaction - papa hey , Russell , will you get a remote near the pig pen ? bring it up on vt1 . lemme see what she 's talk about . russell move it up on one . technician push in . russell what be you look for ? papa amanda say she see a little boy in there . technician push in ! denny , let 's go wide on the shot - wide on the shot . papa honey , how do you know about this ? amanda the bear tell I . teddy I tell she . the pig pen junky mecha # 1 would you be so kind and shut down my pain receiver ? david why be this happen ? taxi mecha History repeat itself . it 's the rite of blood and electricity . grumpy mecha so , when the opportunity avail themselves , they pick away at we , cut away we number so they can maintain numerical superiority ! junky mecha # 1 my time ... be it up already ? Goodbye everyone . david keep I safe ! keep I safe ! keep I safe ! keep I safe ! crew member not yet ! just this one here ! david keep I safe . keep I safe . keep I safe ... female crew member Mike , security ? Mike ! do you have any report of any miss kid , any miss child ? alright , thanks . papa how have you get in there ? Boy ! you , boy ! hey , what 's you name ? I will not bite ya . come on over where I can see ya . hey hey , it will not hurt ya . I just need to see . you be a machine . david I be a boy . amanda be he a toyboy ? david my name be David . papa impossible . the arena junky mecha # 1 I still work , do not I ? I can still work in the dark , but my lamp be break . my lamplight will not work . I hit my lamp on a girder overhead . the pig pen nanny mecha Goodbye , David . papa no one build child . no one ever have . what would be the point ? lord johnson - johnson aye , he could be a custom job . some rich , and lonely , scaredy puss pretend child . grumpy mecha I be a custom job . 75 year ago I be time Magazine 's mecha of the year ! papa eh , this work be first rate . a lot of love go into he . David ! you be one of a kind , you know that ? who make you ? david my mommy make I . lord johnson - johnson her womb be you factory , eh ? one of that build to aspire to the human condition . what be the name of you maker ? serve U.S. , e.z. live , robbyville ? simulate - City , santern , cybertronics , sidekicks -- david monica be my mommy . lord johnson - johnson can I speak with you for a moment ? you think of not put he in the show ? papa something as original as this you do not toss out with the rest of the garbage ! lord johnson - johnson yeah , well , I say originality without purpose be a white elephant , but if money be you purpose , then here 's you refund -- my compliment . papa what be you go to do with he ? lord johnson - johnson put he where he belong -- in show business . joe it be certainly my good fortune run into you ! lord johnson - johnson let go of he . joe let go of I . lord johnson - johnson I say let go of he . joe I be try ! david do not let go . keep I safe ! do not let go ! lord johnson - johnson suit yourselves . the arena lord johnson - johnson lady and gentleman . Girls and boy and child of all age ! what will they think of next ?! see here : a bitty box , a tinker toy , a live doll . ' course we all know why they make they . to seize you heart . to replace you child ! this be the latest iteration to the series of insult to human dignity . a underground scheme to phase out all of God 's little child . meet the next generation of child design to do just that ! do not be fool by the artistry of this creation . no doubt there be talent in the craft of this simulator . yet with the very first strike , you will see the big lie come apart before you very eye ! david do not burn I ! do not burn I ! I be not pinocchio ! do not make I die ! I be David , I be David , I be David ! woman in crowd mecha do not plead for they life ! who be that ? he look like a boy ... david do not make I die ... do not make I die ! I be David ! lord johnson - johnson built like a boy to disarm we ! see how they try to imitate we emotion , now ! david I be David , I be David , I be David ... lord johnson - johnson whatever performance this sim put on , remember we be only demolosh artificiality ! let he who be without 's sim 's cast the first stone . crowd he 's just a boy ... he 's just a boy , Johnson ... you be a monster !... ( hubbub ) papa get they out of there before they tear this place apart . hobby' office assistant # 1 we find he . hobby where ? assistant # 1 flesh Fair outside haddonfield . hobby be he alive ? assistant # 2 yes . he 's in one piece . in the wood teddy I see the moon . david be it real ? teddy I do not know , David . david be it come ? teddy I can not tell yet . david let 's not walk this way . joe where be we go ? david this way now . joe be you in bad trouble , have you run away from someone ? david my mommy tell I to run away . joe why do she say that ? david I guess ... because Henry do not like I . joe why be that ? david Martin come home . joe and who be he ? david Martin be mommy and Henry 's real son . after I find the Blue Fairy , then I can go home . mommy will love a real boy . the Blue Fairy will make I into one . joe be Blue Fairy mecha , orga , man , or woman ? david woman . joe woman . I know woman ! they sometimes ask for I by name . I know all about woman . about as much as there be to know . no two be ever alike , and after they have meet I , no two be ever the same ! and I know where most of they can be find . david where ? joe rouge City . across the delaware . too far for we foot . we 'il need help to get there . and , it be not without peril . we will have to journey .... towards the moon . david be there many woman in rouge City ? joe as there be star at night . david and how will we find just one ? joe we will ask Dr. know ! there be nothing he do not . exactly what name do you give this woman ? david she be ... just Blue Fairy . joe Blue Fairy . in the world of orga blue be the color of melancholy , yet the service I provide will put a blush back on anyone cheek . I will change the color of you fairy for you . she will scream out in the moonlight ...’ ah , oh yes , oh god , oh yes , oh god , oh god ’... she will make you a real boy for I will make she a real woman and all will be right with the world , because you hold my hand and save my brain . so once again my customer may ask for my by name ' gigolo Joe , whatdoyaknow 's ! david why do you do that ? joe that 's just what I do . now follow I , and do not fall behind . all road lead to rouge ! do not they say that , eh ? do not they just .... on the roadside joe there be girl you age who be just like I . we be the guiltless pleasure of the lonely human be . you be not go to get we pregnant , or have we over for supper with mummy and daddy . we work under you , we work on you , and we work for you . man make we better at what we do than be ever humanly possible . if you can manage we a lift to rouge City , all this , and much , much more , can be yours . teenager get in ! in the car joe say ah ! joe & teens aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! rouge CITY plaza joe over there be ' here , Kitty Kitty 's . that 's where the agency hold my trial when I be make new . that 's ' tail ’... very " hoity -toity 's . only sunrise gent and sunset lady . I have never be ask to perform there . strictly sierra class robot who have no idea how to live . can not even speak English , all make in Sweden . could not tell a joke froma poke . there 's mild ! I have to show you inside mild ! david be you she ? joe thats we Lady of the immaculate heart . the one who make we be always look for the one that make they . they go in , look around they foot , sing song , and when they come out , it 's usually I they find . I have pick up a lot of business in this spot . david but Joe , where 's Blue Fairy ? joe that 's what we be gonna find out when we ask Dr. know . it 's where everyone go who need to know . meet the good doctor ! doctor know 's shop dr.know starve mind , welcome to Dr. know ! where fast - food for think be serve up 24 hour a day , in 40000 location nationwide . ask Dr. know , there 's nothing I do not ! david tell I where I can find the Blue Fairy . dr.know question I you pay the fee , two for five you get one free ! joe he mean two question cost five newbucks with a third question on the house . in this day and age , David , nothing cost more than information . david that 's everything ! joe ten newbucks and a ten copper come to 7 question for Dr. know . david that should be enough ! joe he 's a smooth operator . he 'il test we limit , but try we must . dr.know greeting colleague . on author , factual text or fictionalized text , ist or 3rd person , usual literacy range from primal level to the post doctural , usual span of style from fairy tale to religious , whos who , or where where - or , flat fact . david flat-fact ? dr.know thank you for question number one . 's flat -fact 's be a term demand a equal answer with interpretive speculation ... merely not the ... and what you be say be basically that be what you - david that should not count , that be not my question ! joe you must take care not to raise you voice up at the end of a sentence . ' flat-fact 's . Dr. know you have 6 more question ! david where be Blue fair-ree ? dr.know in the Garden . vascostylis blue fairy . bloom twice annually with bright blue flower on a branch inflorescence . a hybrid between ascola meda Arnold . you have 5 more question . david who be Blue fair-ree ? dr.know be you sad , lonely , look for a friend ? ' Blue Fairy escort service 's will find a mate for you ! you have 4 more question . david Joe . try fairy tale . joe New category . a fairy 's tail . david no! Fairy tale ! joe no. Fairy tale . david what be Blue Fairy ? dr.know pinocchio , by Carlo collodi . at the signal , there be a rustling as flap of wing , and a large falcon fly to the windowsill . what be you order , beautiful fairy , he ask ... david thats she . dr.know ... for you must know that the child with blue hair be no other than the good heart fairy who have live in that wood for more than a thousand year ... joe David ! David ! david thats she ! joe it be a example of she . but I think we be get closer . david but if a fairy tale be real , wouldnt it be a fact ? a flat fact ? dr.know ... then the dream end , and pinocchio awoke , full of amazement ... joe say no more . New category , please . combine fact with Fairy Tale . now . ask he again . david how can the Blue Fairy make a robot into a real , live boy ? dr.know come away , o human child ! to the water and the wild with a fairy , hand in hand , for the world 's more full of weep then you can understand . you quest will be perilous yet the reward be beyond price . in he book " how can a robot become human 's , Professor Allen hobby write of the power which will transform mecha into orga . david will you tell I how to find she ? dr.know Discovery be quite possible . we blue fairy do exist in one place , and one place only , at the end of the world where the lion weep . here be the place dream be bear . joe many a mecha have go to the end of the world ... never to come back ! that be why they call the end of the world ' man - hattan 's . david and that be why we must go there ! hallway outside dr . know 's shop joe wait ! what if the blue fairy be not real at all , David ? what if she 's magic ? the supernatural be the hide web that unite the universe . only orga believe what can not be see or measure . it be that oddness that separate we species . or what if the Blue Fairy be a electronic parasite that have arisen to hold the mind of artificial intelligence ? they hate we , you know ? the human ... they 's 1l stop at nothing . david my mommy do not hate I ! because I be special , and ... unique ! because there have never be anyone like I before ! ever ! mommy love Martin because he be real and when I be real , mommy 's go to read to I , and tuck I in my bed , and sing to I , and listen to what I say , and she will cuddle with I , and tell I every day a hundred time a day that she love I ! joe she love what you do for she , as my customer love what it be I do for they . but she do not love you David , she can not love you . you be neither flesh , nor blood . you be not a dog , a cat or a canary . you be design and build specific , like the rest of we . and you be alone now only because they tired of you , or replace you with a young model , or be displease with something you say , or break . they make we too smart , too quick , and too many . we be suffer for the mistake they make because when the end come , all that will be leave be we . that 's why they hate we , and that be why you must stay here , with I . david Goodbye , joe. rouge CITY plaza police officer youre in big trouble . teddy be careful David , this be not a toy . amphibicopter destination please ? joe man -hattan . manhattan amphibicopter mecha restricted Area . Manhattan . destination achieve . joe man-hattan , the lose city in the sea at the end of the world . david where the lion weep . teddy grrrrer david turn around , Joe . joe we be not go to give up yet , David . teddy grrrrer david turn around , Joe . turn all the way around . teddy grrrrer cybertronics penthouse entrance david Professor hobby ? Professor hobby ? joe come away , o human child ! to the water and the wild with a faery , hand in hand , for the world 's more full of weep than you can understand . penthouse library david Professor hobby ? Professor hobby ? hello ? hello ? be this the place they make you real ? david ii this be the place they make you read . david be you real ? david ii I guess . david be you I ? david ii I be David . david youre not . david ii yes , I be ! Im David ! david so be i. david ii hello , David . - can you read ? can you sit down , and we can read together ? let be friend . david you cant have she . david ii I cant hear you . david she 's mine . and I be the only one . I be David ! I be David ! I be David ! I be David ! I be ... ( pause ) , I be David ! I be David ! I be David ! I be special ! I be unique ! I be David ! you can not have she ! I be David ... I be David ... I be David ... hobby David ? David ! david I be David ... I be David ... hobby yes , you be David . david Professor hobby ? hobby yes David , I have be wait for you . david Dr. know tell I you have be here . be Blue Fairy here , too ? hobby I first hear of you Blue Fairy from monica . what do you believe the Blue Fairy could do for you ? david she would make I a real boy . hobby but you be a real boy . at least as real as I have ever make one which by all reasonable account would make I you Blue Fairy . david you be not she . Dr. know tell I she would be here at the lose city in the sea at the end of the world where the lion weep . hobby and that 's what Dr. know need to know to get you to come home to we . and it 's the only time we intervene ; the only help that we give he to give to you , so you could find you way home to we . until you be bear , robot do not dream , robot do not desire , unless we tell they what to want . David ! do you have any idea what a success story you have become ? you find a fairy tale and inspire by love , fuel by desire , you set out on a journey to make she real and , most remarkable of all , no one teach you how . we actually lose you for a while . but when you be find again we do not make we presence know because we test be a simple one : where would you self - motivate reason take you ? to the logical conclusion ? the Blue Fairy be part of the great human flaw to wish for thing that do not exist . or to the great single human gift - the ability to chase down we dream . and that be something no machine have ever do until you . david I think I be one of a kind . hobby my son be one of a kind . you be the first of a kind . David ? david my brain be fall out . hobby would you like to come meet you real mother and father ? the team be anxious to talk to you . I want you to wait here and I 'il gather they up . we want to hear everything about you adventure . we want thank you , and tell you what 's in store for you next . outside ledge of cybertronics bldg . david mommy . in the amphibicopter david I see it Joe , I see it ! the place where she life ! she 's right down there , Joe ! joe she be ? david she 's wait for I , we have to go ! joe uh-oh . when you become a real boy , remember I to the lady when you grow up ! david good-bye Joe . joe good-bye David . I be ... I be ! under water teddy David , please , be careful . stop david the Blue Fairy 's all right ! teddy what happen ? david I do not know . teddy we be in a cage . david Blue Fairy ? please ... please , please make I into a real live boy . please ... Blue Fairy ? please ... please ... make I real . Blue Fairy ? please , please make I real . please make I a real boy . please , Blue Fairy , make I into a real boy . please ... narrator and David continue to pray to the Blue Fairy there before he , she who smile softly , forever ... she who welcome forever . eventually the floodlight dimme and die , but David could still see she palely by day , and he still address she , in hope . he pray until all the sea anemone have shrivel and die . he pray as the ocean froze and the ice encase the cage amphibicopter , and the Blue Fairy too , lock they together where he could still make she out - a blue ghost in ice - always there , always smile , always await he . eventually he never move at all , but he eye always stay open , stare ahead forever all through the darkness of each night , and the next day ... and the next day ... thus , 2000 year pass by . a.i. : artificial Intelligence the complete dialogue part Three the ice dig specialist ( subtitle ) this machine be trap under the wreckage before the freezing . therefore , this robot be original . they know live people . kitchen -swinton home david teddy , be home . mommy ?! mommy ?! be home ! where be you ?! disembodied voice ( blue fairy ) daviddaaaaaaaaaviddaviddaaaaaaaaaavid martin 's bedroom - * empty blue fairy you have be search for I , have not you David ? david for ...my whole life . blue fairy and what after all this time have you come to ask I ? david I have a wish to make . blue fairy and what be you wish ? david please make I a real boy so my mommy will love I , and let I stay with she . blue fairy David , I will do anything that be possible , but I can not make you a real boy . david where be I ? this look like my house , but it be different . blue fairy yes , it be different , but it 's also you home . we read you mind , and it 's all here . there 's nothing too small that you do not store for we to remember . we so want you to be happy . you be so important to we David , you be unique in all the world . david will mommy be come home soon ? be she out shopping with Martin now ? blue fairy David , she can never come home , because two - thousand year have pass , and she be no longer live . dearest David , when you be lonely , we can bring back other people from you time in the past . david if you can bring back other people , why cant you bring back her ? blue fairy because we can only bring back people whose body we dig up from the ice . we need some physical sample of the person , like a bone , or a fingernail . teddy David . david yes teddy . teddy do you remember when you cut some of mommy hair ? david Henry shook I . teddy and you drop she hair ? david I know . now you can bring she back , cant you ? specialist observation room specialist ( narrator ) give he what he want . martin 's bedroom blue fairy dearest David , you wish be my command . david 's bedroom david hey Joe what do you know ? specialist ( narrator ) David , I often feel a sort of envy of human being and that thing they call ' spirit’ . human being have create a million explanation of the meaning of life in art , in poetry , in mathematical formulas . certainly , human being must be the key to the meaning of existence , but human being no longer exist . so , we begin a project that would make it possible to recreate the live body of a person long dead from the DNA in a fragment of bone or mummify skin . we also wonder , would it be possible to retrieve a memory trace in resonance with a recreate body . and do you know what we find ? we find ... the very fabric of space - time itself appear to store information about every event which have ever occure in the past . but the experiment ... be a failure . for that who be resurrected only live through a single day of renew life . when the resurrectee fall asleep on the night of they first new day , they die , again . as soon as they become unconscious , they very existence fade away into darkness . so you see , David , the equation have show that once a individual space - time pathway have be use , it could not be reuse . if we bring you mother back now , it will only be for one day , and then you 'il never be able to see she again . david maybemaybe she will be special , maybe she will stay . specialist ( narrator ) I think this might be hard for you to understand . you be create to be so young . david maybe the one day will be like that one day inside the amphibicopter , maybe it will last forever . specialist ( narrator ) David , you be the endure memory of the human race , the most last proof of they genius . we only want for you happiness . David , you have have so little of that . david if you want for my happiness , then you know what you have to do . specialist ( narrator ) listen . can you hear that ? the new morning have come . go to she David , she 's just waking up this instant . master bedroom david I find you . monica hi. david hi. monica I mustve doze off . how long have I - david would you like some coffee ? just the way you like it ? monica yeah , id love a coffee . it 'il wake I up . david okay . monica you never forget how , do you ? david no . I never forget . monica I must be a little confuse . what day be it ? david it istoday ! master bathroom narrator and as the day wear on , David think it be the happiest day of he life . all the problem seem to have disappear from he mommy 's mind . there be no Henry , there be no Martin , there be no grief , there be only David . david & monica ( laughter ) kitchen narrator David have be warn not to explain anything to monica , otherwise she would become frighten , and everything would be spoiled . but David 's journey home belong only to he , so he do not see the harm of painting she picture of thing she would have no memory of . hallway/closet david & monica -( hide & seek with / teddy ) aaaahhhhhh ! kitchen narrator David have never have a birthday party , because David have never be bear . so they baked a cake , and light some candle . monica now make a wish . david it come true already . narrator by now indeed the window be beginning to dim . David draw the shade without even need to be ask . master bedroom monica I really ought to be tucking you in . strange . hmm ... how fascinating . I can hardly keep my eye open . I do not know what 's come over I . such a beautiful day . I love you David . I do love you . I have always love you . narrator that be the everlast moment he have be wait for . and the moment have pass , for monica be sound asleep - more than merely asleep . should he shake she she would never rouse . so David go to sleep too . and for the first time in he life , he go to that place where dream be bear . the end all movie script and screenplays on " screenplay for you " site be intend for fair use only .