HOTEL rwanda written by keir pearson &amp ; Terry George fade in : screen type : this be a true story ext . kigali airport . day a burn white sun high in a clear blue sky , pan down to : a rundown ( sixty ) airport , peel in the heat . a mad traffic jam of car , van , motorbike all stop at a checkpoint where a rwandan policeman blow he whistle , wave some and stop other as bored rwandan soldier look on . close on : a white van pull out of traffic , a ball - out case of line jump . horn , obscenity . a hand : extends from the passenger side of the van , rwandan francs press neatly between thumb and palm . the van stop next to the policeman . policeman Mr. rusesabagina , good morning . in the passenger seat paul rusesabagina , late 30' , flash a smile . he be dress in a sharp blue suit ( always dress in a neat suit and tie , it be a matter of pride ) . a quick shake of hand . money pass from one to the other . ext . kigali airport tarmac . day the van park by the runway tarmac . African music play on the radio . Paul drum he finger , check he watch . zozo , porter / driver , early thirty , sit nervously . a airport baggage handler approach the van . handler Sir , the flight be delay one more hour . paul thank you . ( to Zozo ) he can get the beer . 2 . zozo ( suddenly worried ) rutaganda 's place ? paul what 's wrong ? zozo beg you pardon sir , you be hutu . you be safe there . paul you be with I , Zozo , do not worry . Zozo throw the van into gear and speed off . ext . kigali street . day the white van , mark " the HOTEL mille colline , " whip its way through kigali 's pack street and open-air market . zxt . kigali street . day Zozo work the horn , weave in and out of traffic . zozo what be it like to fly on a plane , sir ? paul it depend where you sit Zozo . in coach it be like the bus to giterama . zozo that be why they call it coach ? paul maybe . but in business class there be fine wine , linen , belgian chocolate . zozo ( impressed ) you have take business class ? paul many time . suddenly , Zozo slow . Paul look up , sees : a gather on the side of the road -- a large crowd of man dress in exotically , yet identically color shirt . they be member of the interahamwe - the hutu militia . 3 . ( interahamwe - the hutu militia will de distinguished by this wildly color shirt ) they chant , drink beer , dance onto the road , obstruct car , threaten the occupant . several of they perform a rhythmic dance - the interahamwe war dance to thumping drumbeat music from a boombox . paul ( cont 'd ) turn off . Zozo , scared , look for a side road , study the traffic behind . zozo there be nowhere to turn , sir . as the van approach , paul slow down . the van pull up beside the militia . paul ( cont 'd ) boy , do you know the way to Mr. rutagunda 's warehouse ? some militia approach . they be suddenly friendly , helpful . militia man # 1 it be one more mile on this road . Paul reach into he pocket , take out some rwandan dollar . paul this be thirsty work , let I treat you to some beer . as the van pull away Zozo look to Paul , relieved . int . rutaganda's warehouse . day at he desk in front of a fan . GEORGE rutagunda , late 30' , huge , gold chain , rolex watch , ( like a African mafia boss ) but the same interahamwe shirt . he squeeze a orange rind into a cup of espresso . behind he , through he office window , the white van be be load with case of beer . George hold out he massive shirt . GEORGE you will join we at the rally today ? Paul sit opposite , sip coffee . 4. paul I will try my best George but this day I have no time for rally or politics . GEORGE Politics be power , Paul . and money . Paul study he watch . paul time be money , George . we need extra beer today . GEORGE Business be good at the hotel ? paul very good . GEORGE I be always glad to see you Paul . George lead Paul out into the warehouse . as a forklift lift a wooden crate , George anger . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Hell man , that be not beer , put it back ! driver but , sir , the carlsberg be behind ... GEORGE forget the carlsberg , give he grolsch . ( to Paul ) I will not charge extra . paul thank you . the driver of the forklift , anxiously , spin the machine to return the crate but it slide off and crash onto the floor : machete , hundred of they , spill out . a awkward moment then George pick one of the crude blade . GEORGE a bargain buy , from China . ten cent each , I will get a dollar . paul at least . off Zozo terrify . 5 . ext . kigali airport tarmac . day a sabena airliner land . passenger disembark via a roll - up staircase . Paul 's van pull up by the luggage belt . a large polystyrene box come down the conveyor belt . it have Brussels - kigali destination sticker all over it . as Zozo pick it up , water sloshes from the lid . paul the ice have melt ! Zozo go to open it . paul ( cont 'd ) do not . let 's go . Paul slip money to two custom official . ext . kigali street . day the van speed through traffic . more traffic jam , Zozo edge up on the sidewalk . then at a intersection they see . the interahamwe parade - a mass of young man and woman , most in the same colorful uniform . line after line , wave all perform the interahamwe war dance , in wild hypnotic sync , many wave stick , spear , wooden imitation gun . a large banner read , " hutu power . " a flatbe truck , speaker blare drumbeat music . on it GEORGE rutagunda dance the dance and wave a machete to the crowd . Zozo sink down behind the wheel . paul sit up , smile , Zozo , do not attract attention to yourself . zozo boss , some of that man be my neighbor , they know I be tutsi . the parade pass . as they wait Paul take out the wad of note George give he , peel off a few dollar . p paul here , Zozo , for you trouble . Zozo take it . 6 . ext . HOTEL entrance . day the van turn off the street into the mille colline Hotel driveway and honk twice as it pull down a short drive line with tall shrub . a armed guard rush from he booth and lift the gate . perfectly time . the van do not even have to slow as it pass . a sign on the guard house read " welcome to the HOTEL mille colline " . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day lush tropical garden , peacock wander the well - manicure lawn , a exotic African paradise . the van head to a magnificent colonial building . paul ( v.o. ) pull up at the front door . a valet open the front door of the hotel and look shocked . it 's unheard of for a service van to stop out front . paul ( cont 'd ) ( urgent , to the valet ) help Zozo . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul lead Zozo and the valet into a magnificent lobby , a tasteful blend of Africa and Europe . guest stare as water sloshes and spill from the crate . gregoire , early thirty the receptionist behind the desk throw a look of disapproval . Paul , imperial , snap he finger toward he . paul ( be : spill water ) gregoire . take care of this . gregoire engage a guest in chit-chat , ignore Paul . paul ( cont 'd ) gregoire ! see to this right away . the elevator door open and reveal bik the belgian hotel manager , mid - 40' , read some report . he look up , see Paul and Zozo carry the box as they step in . Bik look puzzle . paul ( cont 'd ) it 's a emergency , sir . now Bik see the wet floor . 7. bik Paul ! paul gregoire will deal with it , excuse I . the elevator door shut . Bik 's leave stand in disbelief . int . HOTEL kitchen . day the crate be heft onto a counter . the top pried off . a crowd of cook gather around Paul and Zozo as they peer in . zozo any of they make it ? head chef into the sink ! they hoist up one end of the crate and lobster spill out . many make it into the sink , but some miss and slide across the counter and fall onto the floor . the cook sort the live from the dead . zozo twelve be dead . paul how dead ? the cook smell a dead lobster , shake he head no . paul ( cont 'd ) dump the bad meat , save the shell , fill they will ah , a stuff , something local . cook cassava , and tipali . paul yes . call it ' fresh Scottish lobster in a cassava and tipali crush ' . Paul fix he tie , very pleased , another crisis solve . int . banquet room / HOTEL mille colline . day Paul inspect the table ' fresh flower , sparkling crystal glass . he look to the bar - grolsch on ice . 8. the sound of African drum fill the air . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul emerge , as a troupe of African male dancer in ceremonial costume - leopard skin dress , ostrich feather head dress , spear and shield perform a greeting dance for a the american ambassador and a crowd of european dignitary . the male dancer be join by a troupe of young female dancer in similar ceremonial dress . the ceremony come to a foot stomping finale . the guest break into loud applause . Paul fling open double door to a reception room and the crowd move in . paul Mr. ambassador , please come in . US ambassador thank you , Paul . a UN Colonel , oliver , middle age , canadian , follow the US ambassador . the Colonel wear the blue beret and armband of UN peacekeeper . ( all UN troops will be distinguished by they bright blue beret , white helmet and arm band ) paul Colonel Oliver , you be very welcome . the ambassador shake the Colonel 's hand . US ambassador Colonel . I would like you to meet Mr. colson , of we Regional Aid division . mr. colson , crew cut , military build , be obviously CIA . US ambassador ( cont 'd ) Colonel Oliver be the liason officer for the U.N. peace keep force . Paul back away unnotice ... int . kitchen / HOTEL mille colline . day ... then march into the busy kitchen , clap he hand toward a gather of waiter . paul please , serve the hor d'ouvre now . a waiter whisper to he . 9 . waiter General bizimungu want to see you . Paul head out of the kitchen . int . HOTEL bar . day a luxurious lounge / club call the kigali Club - a African casablanca , complete with animal head , a statue of a mountain gorilla , grand piano in the corner . rwandan hutu army officer , ( distinguished by they crisp khaki uniform , in the style of the french army ) , arm dealer , government dignitary , businessman and reporter mingle freely . the few tourist stand out . paul head to a table . the center of attention and conversation be General bizimungu , 40' , dress in a crisp , heavily decorate uniform , a strong figure , relaxed , in control . general bizimungu Paul , this scotch be exceptional . paul it 's a single malt , glenmorangie . I think you would like it . anything you need , gentleman , let I know . general bizimungu oh , Paul , talk to the coat check , please . Paul head for the lobby . he 's intercept by a zealous young tutsi reporter benedict who cover the political scene for the local independent newspaper . benedict Paul , Paul , a moment please . paul yes , benedict , what can I do ? benedict can you get I into the ambassador 's reception ? paul I be sorry , it 's a private function . benedict take out he reporter notebook . benedict at least tell I who be attend . the newspaper will be grateful . Paul laugh . 10 . paul I will be grateful if you keep my name out of you newspaper . wait here and you will see who have attend as they leave . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul fix a floral arrangement as he pass then arrive at the clock room hatch . paul ( to the coat check ) do General bizimungu bring a briefcase ? coat check yes , sir . paul take it to the bar storeroom . put three bottle of glenmorangie ... he write it down on a pad ) ... glen-mor-an -gie , into it . Paul move off as the coat check scurries away . onnie denver ( o.s. ) oh , Paul , Paul a american woman , connie denver , rich , blonde , surgically enhance , stand by the door of the tourism office . int . HOTEL tourism office . day Paul walk into the tourism office . it be decorate with poster and photo of rwanda 's single most important economic asset - the rare silver back mountain gorilla . there 's a picture of the real - life Diane fossey next to the movie poster for " gorilla in the mist " . numerous book and video cassettes . connie denver 's older husband , bob , and four american friend wait . connie denver Paul , Paul . we trip have be cancel . paul yes , I be sorry Madame Denver , it be because of the rebel . connie denver rebel ? what rebel ? 11 . bob do not be stupid for Christ sake . the watusis be invade the country . I tell you not to come here . paul the tutsi rebel be far away on the border . and soon there will be peace . bob tutsis , watutsis they will still shoot you . connie denver but I come here to see the gorilla ? paul I will try to arrange something . int . HOTEL banquet room . day the luncheon be in full swing . Paul glide in the background . Close on : the ambassador in deep conversation with Oliver . US ambassador thing will calm down when the president sign the peace agreement with the rebel . colonel oliver we intelligence , Mr. ambassador , be that the hutu government have be stockpile weapon and be prepare a massacre . US ambassador that 's not what I hear . Excuse I . paul. Paul come over ) Colonel , you know the house manager , Paul rusesabagina . paul how be you meal , sir ? US ambassador magnificent. read ) Scottish lobster , in rwanda . you see General what a genius this man be . you want anything , this man can get it ? colonel oliver how about a battalion of U.S. Marines . 12 . US ambassador now , General , do not ask for the impossible . Paul smile . paul I have hear , Mr. ambassador , that they have discover oil here , under Lake kivu . Oliver burst out laugh . colonel oliver you be right , Mr. ambassador , Paul know how to get anything , even U.S. troops . the ambassador take Paul 's hand , shake it warmly . US ambassador thank you for a wonderful meal , Paul . Paul move away graciously , and in one smooth move check out , then pocket , the hundred dollar bill the ambassador palm he . int . HOTEL lobby . day General bizimungu gaze through glass into the reception room , sees Paul shake hand and joke with the ambassador . ( he 's impressed . ) Paul notice the General . the General raise he briefcase and wave . Paul wave back . another favor render . ext . HOTEL ground . night it be night now . floodlight bathe the hotel in a warm glow . tiki oil lamp illuminate the walkway and spread scent citronella smoke among the tree . Wild bird call out . ext . HOTEL rear car park . night Paul walk to the employee car park at the rear . he see gregoire and another male reception clerk toss Zozo 's pillbox porter 's hat between they with Zozo trap in the middle try to jump and catch it . gregoire think this tease be great fun . 13 . gregoire come on , Zozo , cockroach can jump , some of they can fly . he clerk see Paul just as he 's about to throw , miscalculculate , the hat sail over gregoire 's head and land at Paul 's foot . Zozo scamper to pick it up . paul no. ( point to gregoire ) you pick it up . gregoire do not move . paul ( cont 'd ) how be you dish - wash skill , gregoire ? gregoire bend , pick up the hat , hand it to Zozo , who walk away quickly . gregoire and he friend turn to head back into the hotel . paul ( cont 'd ) gregoire , there be no cockroach in this hotel , do you understand ? bik ( o.s. ) cockroach ? Bik have walk out of the rear door and overhear . bik ( cont 'd ) do not tell I we have cockroach , Paul ? a sly smile break on gregoire 's face as he use Bik 's arrival to disappear inside . paul no , Bik , it 's a code word for tutsis . bik that 's what I come to talk to you about . paul Excuse I ? bik the hutu - tutsi thing . the BBC fax to say they would be here on the sixth for the peace accord . and the U.N. want the banquet room for that day , a reception to broadcast the signing ceremony . can you organize monitor and check the satellite dish ? 14 . paul leave it to I . Bik lean slightly closer . bik also , could you remember to use the service entrance at all time ? paul of course . ext . HOTEL forecourt . night Paul hop in he car and toss a box of Belgium chocolate on the seat next to he . ext . kigali street . night Paul speed through the street of kigali humming along to music on the radio and eat chocolate from the box . he pass bicycle laden with produce . the song on the radio end and local news come on . radio announcer ( v.o. ) good hutus of rwanda , beware . the dictatorship of the tutsi cockroach be near . watch you neighbor . identify this cockroach . then rise up and stamp out this murderous infestation ... Paul turn the station . find another with music . ext . kigali neighborhood . night light burn in window . kid play soccer in dusty lot . Paul 's van turn onto a residential street and slow . he honk twice . the metal gate to a wall compound swing open . a guard ( old , peak hat , bare foot , pathetic ) stand just inside . Paul wave to he and pullsinto the courtyard , two car be already park there . ext . paul' house . night a neat bungalow and garden behind the high wall . Paul park and get out . a dog run and greet he , barking . paul down , pealiss . 15 . his wife , tatiana , a woman of great natural beauty , emerge from the house , beside she a even taller , very elegant woman , she have a doctor 's bag and a stethoscope in she hand . this be odette , they family doctor and close friend . paul ( cont 'd ) good evening , Odette , who be sick this time ? tatiana I ask Odette to take a look at little anais . she have a rash . paul you brother 's here ? tatiana yes , with feden and the child . e want some advice . odette good to see you , Paul . Paul embrace Odette warmly , kiss tatiana . odette ( cont 'd ) I must go , Paul . tatiana you will not stay for dinner . odette no thank you , tatiana . paul my best to Jean baptiste . ext : paul' house . night the old guard open the gate , Odette drive off . ext . paul' garden . night paul ( a sigh ) Thomas want advice ? tatiana he want you wisdom . paul let 's have dinner first . 16 . tatiana of course . his brother - in- law thomas and sister - in - law feden come out to greet Paul the patriarch . they hug . kid run everywhere . Paul spot he twin niece anais ( in blue ) and carine ( in yellow ) , four year old . he scoops they up , one in each arm . paul hello , anais . she laugh . carine I be carine . paul you be not anais ? anais I be anais . paul oh , carine , that be a shame . I have a present for anais . anais reach out she hand . Paul set they on the ground , take a chocolate from he chocolate box , deliberately hand it to carine . anais jump up and down . anais it be for I . paul goodness , I can not tell . I guess I must find another present . he take a chocolate give it to carine , then hand out the chocolate to he child who be gather around . int . paul' kitchen . day a crowded family table . tatiana , Paul 's four child , Thomas and feden , and the twin anais and carine . paul Roger , you turn . Paul 's eldest , roger , 12 , bow he head . roger for food and clothes , and all that grow , etc , etc . dear Lord , thank you . 17 . paul thank you , Roger . food be pass around . Roger gobbles he down . paul ( cont 'd ) why the hurry , Roger ? roger Simon have a new pet . can I go see it ? paul no , I do not want you go on the street . oger please , papa , I have a secret path . paul who be this Simon ? tatiana Simon , next door , the charingas ' boy . paul homework ? roger it 's do . tatiana and he do extra chore . paul wash you thing , and be back soon . Roger take off at a run . ext . paul' garden . night Roger run to a wooden fence , get down , move two board and squeeze through into a path , almost a tunnel in dense reed . ext . neighbor be ( simon be ) yard . night Roger crawl along he path . there 's a gap a little way down , and Roger shoot through it into the wide open of the neighbor yard . he run to a back window of the house and tap on it . soon simon , 12 , appear . he slide it open . roger let 's feed it . 18 . Simon let Roger in . int . neighbor be ( simon be ) house . night Roger hold a wildly colored snake in a jar . Simon have a bag of bug . wave the bag in front of the snake . it 's fork tongue go wild . roger let I . Simon hand he the bug . Roger lift the lid , drop one bug in , and the snake strike . the boy jump back , laugh . int . paul' kitchen . night after dinner coffee for the adult . tatiana , Thomas and feden at the table . Paul , in he usual position , at the head , listen , like Solomon . thomas I have hear bad thing , Paul . my assistant say we should get out of rwanda . feden why should we leave ? I have a new job , thing have never be better for we . thomas what good be it if we be murder in we bed ? tatiana you assistant , he be hutu ? thomas yes , and he be in the hutu power militia . carine he want you job . thomas no , he be a friend , but he tell I to listen to the radio . all day they talk about the great slaughter . tatiana that station be filth . paul have listen , now he decide to speak . 19 . paul today I talk to my friend the american ambassador and Colonel Oliver of the United Nations . they be prepare a banquet for the peace signing . the BBC be fly in they best reporter . the world be watch . there will be peace . do not listen to this man . Solomon have speak . feden smile , tatiana rub Paul 's arm . ext . neighbor be ( simon be ) yard . night Roger crawl along he grass tunnel . then he hear something . he look through the reed toward the street . he sees : military boot , a cluster of hutu soldier in they crisp khaki uniform . he hear whisper . oldier' voice ( o.s. ) that house . ext . paul' house . night Paul , tatiana , be by Thomas 's car . they say good night to they guest . anais and carine sleep in the car . Paul nod to the old guard to go open the gate . just then Roger emerge from the thicket , wide - eye , afraid . roger there be soldier . paul where ? roger on the street . Paul nod to tatiana to take Roger inside . Thomas and feden grab the sleep twin from they car . Paul go to he big metal gate and peer through the two inch gap E between the gate hinge and the gate post . ext . victor' house . night . he sees : ( two house down ) the group of hutu soldier , cluster around jeep , they whisper and point . it 's a raid . 20 . now they move rush out of view . the sound of splintering wood , glass breaking , children' cry , women scream . suddenly there 's a face , beside Paul 's . it 's tatiana . tatiana what be it ? she look , see the soldier , as they drag a middle - age man onto the street . he be cry , plead , like a whipped dog . tatiana ( cont 'd ) oh , my God , it 's Victor . why do they want Victor ? they watch as Victor be beat to the jeep . at this point Victor loose it completely , stop plead , grab on to a soldier , cling , scream like a terrify child - like a man who know he be go to die . it 's a horror . tatiana ( cont 'd ) do something . paul what ? tatiana call you friend in the army . call someone . Victor be harmless . this be a mistake . paul please , be quiet . tatiana , move toward the gate handle . tatiana I be go to talk to they . Paul grab she . paul no . tatiana we must do something . Paul take she by the arm , lead she to the house . 21 . paul what would you have we do ? argue with this mad ? we can not interfere . int . paul' live room . night Thomas and feden wait , anxious , as Paul appear . paul you better stay the night , it be too dangerous to be on the street . tatiana hide she anger . tatiana I will fix a bed . int . paul' bedroom . night Paul lie in bed unable to sleep . the clock read 3:00 be . tatiana why do not you call you contact in the army ? paul I could not help . tatiana you could have ask for a favor . paul no , I could not . what do you know about favor tatiana , about barter and deal ? all day long I work to please this officer , that diplomat , this tourist . to store up favor so that if there be a time when my family need help I have powerful people I can call upon . now you would have I waste a precious favor on a stranger . tatiana Victor be not a stranger , he be we neighbor . paul he be not family . family be all that matter . do you think if you or I be be drag from here , any one of they would lift a finger to help we ? 22. tatiana they do not have you connection . paul connection ? I have no connection , only favor . if I call to help Victor , a General will think " Paul rusesabagina be a fool . he think my favor be so numerous and so insignificant as to waste they on everybody . " then my hard work be doubly squander . I insult the General and I do not get to use my favor at all . please leave this thing to my good judgment . his turn away indicate the discussion be over . ext . HOTEL front gate . morning Paul 's car roll up to the hotel 's guard house . super the title : april 6th , 1994 . a army jeep be park just inside . General bizimungu be in the passenger seat , talk into a walkie-talkie . the General give a I will see you soon wave . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day the hotel entrance be a mini-jam of airport bus , white UN jeep , foreign news crew land rover , and a tv repair van unload monitor . Paul march in , past Zozo the bell hop , who help the tv man unload . paul welcome , gentleman . int . HOTEL lobby . day the lobby buzze with activity . at the reception , gregoire be surround by a BBC news crew : gloria , young , chic female reporter / producer , and jock , tough , experience Scottish cameraman , and he local sound guy Peter . gloria be upset . gloria we reserve five room not two gregoire I be sorry , mar 'am , but I see only two here in the computer . 23. jock see Paul . jock Paul , how the hell be ya ' ? paul I be delighted to see you , Mr. daglish . jock they move you from the diplomat ? paul promote . House manager . jock good for you . ( move closer ) we be have a little trouble , Paul . we book five room , but ... Paul move behind the desk . paul let I check . he punch into the computer . paul ah , I see the mistake . you be read cbc - the canadian broadcasting people instead of BBC gregoire . Close on the computer : it clearly state BBC - two room . gregoire look to Paul with a mix of puzzlement and anger . of course , the BBC , five room . ( lie ) they be be prepare as we speak . I have order fresh flower and complimentary champagne . gloria pick up she bag . gloria great , I really need a shower . paul just give I a moment to get you key . Paul better come up with three room fast . then he spot the reporter benedict hover at the door . 24 . paul ( cont 'd ) ( to gloria ) Excuse I for one second . Paul hurry over to benedict . paul ( cont 'd ) benedict , you should meet the BBC people . they could use you expertise . benedict be delighted . they head back across the lobby . paul ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) benedict , General bizimungu will be here any moment . the BBC should talk to he . they join the BBC team . paul ( cont 'd ) Madame , this be benedict nangori , one of we best journalist . he cover all the big storey . I think you should meet . gloria , a consummate news producer , turn on the charm . gloria benedict , beautiful name . I be gloria Fleming . BBC . Paul move off to the desk , gregoire can barely disguise he pleasure . gregoire there be no more room . paul give I the phone . gregoire hand it over . Paul dial . paul ( cont 'd ) Madame Denver . I have very good news . I have a present for you , in return for the cancellation of you gorilla expedition I have arrange a safari at Lake kivu lodge . a wonderful experience . no , no extra charge . a luxury coach will leave in one hour . I will send maid up to help you all pack . you be welcome . Paul hang up , turn to gregoire . 25 . paul ( cont 'd ) call kivu Lodge , ask for George , tell he I need three room . and send a team of maid up to the Americans . I want that room turn around in twenty minute . paul head for the glass door and see : ext . HOTEL forecourt . day General bizimungu , briefcase in hand , give the tv interview , he 's confident , control benedict stand close by as gloria interview . gloria there be rumor , General , that you army , the hutu army , consider this peace accord a sellout to the tutsi rebel . general bizimungu ( laugh ) nonsense . at this moment we be make plan to rehabilitate the dissident into we armed force . gloria then the army fully support the president as he sign the peace agreement . general bizimungu of course , the president be a clever man , he know what he be do . thank you for come to rwanda . ( on the move ) . you will see what a beautiful country this be . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul turn , walk past porter ferry the BBC luggage . he put he hand out . gregoire hand he key . Paul do he round . he double check the banquet room where technician install several tv monitor and test the signal . he look in the kitchen , frenzied activity . he wander behind the bar . everything be ' under control ' . he return to the lobby , greet connie , she flustered husband and they friend , follow by a team of porter and luggage . 26 . paul forgive the hurry but I do not want you to miss the lunch buffet on the paddle steamer across the lake . it be the most spectacular sight in all Africa . ob lunch ? all we do be eat . I think there be famine in Africa . paul exactly , we can not have we guest starve . what would they think of the mille colline back in the United States ? Gen. bizimungu , take Paul 's arm , pull he aside , hand he he empty briefcase . general bizimungu keep that cockroach benedict away from I . as the General disappear into the bar , Paul wave over the coat check , hand she the briefcase . paul same as last time . she nod , hurry off just as the BBC crew appear . Paul hand out key , greet each . paul ( cont 'd ) the fifth room be you broadcast room . gloria good . I would like to book a massage . paul of course . jock , the Scottish cameraman , hang behind as the other leave , take he key . jock do you bring any of that wee girl who use to sit at the bar in the diplomat with you ? you know ? paul I be sorry , Mr. daglish , this be the mille colline . no work girl here . jock can we phone they in , Paul ? 27 . paul I be afraid I can not do that , Mr. daglish . ah , Zozo . Paul call Zozo over . paul ( cont 'd ) you remember Zozo , from the diplomat ? jock get the code instantly , as Zozo smile . jock Zozo ! the very man ! the Scot and Zozo greet , then hurry off . int . HOTEL banquet room . day Paul supervise waiter hang a banner . it read " peace , Love , and Brotherhood ! unamir 1994 " . int . HOTEL conference room . day Reporters watch row of tvs . all broadcast the signing of the arusha accord . ( Reporters have political chatter . ) close on : the tvs as President habyarimana sign . commentator as president habyarimana sign a peace accord between the tutsi rebel and he hutu army there remain strong doubt that the extremist hutu power will abide by the accord . but for now hope have return to rwanda for the first time in many year . all the African reporter in the room cheer . firework go off outside the hotel . Colonel Oliver raise a glass of champagne and lead the room in a toast . colonel oliver to peace . the room as one raise they glass . close on : Paul as he nod to a member of the tribal band on the small stage . then , African drummer hammer out a fast uplift beat as the full troupe of ceremonial dancer skip into the room in celebration . 28 . int . HOTEL bar . day Paul check out the banque . they appear empty , then a voice . general bizimungu Paul , join we . it 's General bizimungu , he be sit with George rutagunda now in a shiny blue suit . a bottle of whiskey on the table be almost go . bizimungu and rutagunda watch the peace celebration across the lobby . general bizimungu have a drink . he pour . George point he glass toward the european . GEORGE look at they , they want to see the tribe dance to they tune . here be we dance . rutagunda stagger to he foot , launch into a drunken version of the hutu militia War dance . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) come on , Paul . show they we dance . Paul take George 's arm , do two step of the dance , then appear to stumble and shoulder bump the big man . George fall into he chair . paul forgive I , George , my step be off . rutagunda burst out laugh , toast : GEORGE to we president . May he find peace . as Paul be force to join in the toast , rutagunda laugh , bizimungu smile at some insider joke . int . HOTEL conference room . evening Reporters and crew pack up they equipment . Paul shake hand , order porter to pick up case . then a porter whisper a message to Paul . paul Excuse I , gentleman . 29 . ext . HOTEL forecourt . night Paul emerge , discover feden and Thomas - they look embarrassed to be in such exult surroundings . thomas forgive we , Paul . we must talk . paul what 's wrong ? thomas we be leave rwanda , Paul . paul go to the terrace , I will join you . CUT to ext . HOTEL pool terrace . night drink be serve at a table as Paul listen to Thomas . thomas my assistant , the hutu power man , say we should get out now , that soon it will be very bad . Paul stifles he anger . paul give I this man 's name . thomas his name be naramaranga , but please , Paul , even though he be hutu power , he be a friend , he like I . he tell I there be a signal . it be " cut the tall tree . " when they hear the signal , the militia be to go to war . feden please , let we take tatiana with we . you be hutu , you will be safe . paul Thomas , feden , I be a man who look after he family . if there be danger I would be the first to leave ? bang - a distant explosion , a flash of light on the far side of the city . feden jump . 30 . feden what be that ? paul calm yourself , it be firework to celebrate the peace . thomas please , Paul , tomorrow I will bring you my car . you will sell it for I and get a fair price . we will go to tanzania until there be real peace . zozo Excuse I , Paul , you have a call . Zozo hand Paul a cordless phone . paul ello . tatsi . yes , they be here . yes . I know but I want they to calm down . thomas and feden listen . paul ( cont 'd ) already the press be pack they bag . the BBC man tell I there 's no story here . we be boring now . I will be home soon . he hang up . paul ( cont 'd ) let we all go home and sleep . ext . HOTEL forecourt . evening Paul escort feden and Thomas to they car . paul call when you get home . and do not worry , Thomas . good night . int . paul be car . night Paul 's at the wheel , drive . a thick mist . barely a car on the road . shadows dart past faint house light . the windscreen cloud . Paul switch on he wiper . a Toyota truck , load with militia , appear from the mist , speed past . Paul switch the preset button on the radio as he drive . he can only find fevere drum-base music . 31 . ext . paul' STREET . night Paul turn onto he street . the house be dark : window shutter ; gate close ; not a soul about . Paul stop before he gate . honk twice . the gate do not open . he hop out and open it with a key . give it a push and pause as he head back to the car . he hear the far off sound of gunfire . distant explosion light the night sky . ext . paul' house . night Paul drive in . his compound be curiously dark . his headlight sweep across he pitch - black house . UT to : the gate swing shut . we pull back as Paul turn and face he house . Paul whistle for the dog , nothing . he go back to the car , get a flashlight , head for the front door . int . paul' live room . night the door slowly open . Paul step in quietly , try the light switch , nothing . he listen . the only sound be distant explosion and gunfire . the beam of he flashlight cut the blackness , illuminate : magazine arrange on a coffee table ; a empty chair ; child 's toy in a basket . int . paul' kitchen . night Paul continue he search . scan the counter . there 's food on the stove . the table be set . he hear a growl , quickly cut short , from one of the bedroom . int . paul be hall . night Paul shine the light into a room . look for a second , then close the door , and walk to the next . he stop and listen with he ear to the door . nothing . he push it in . int . paul' bedroom . night Paul 's light sweep across the room and illuminate : eye - terrify eye , a room full of face , stare back . there Pov : a dark figure behind a blind light . the dog break free , run to Paul . 32 . paul pealiss ! from among the face , tatiana 's voice heavy with relief . tatiana Paul ! Paul 's eye adjust , he recognize many of he neighbor , all crowded into this small room . then he see they friend Odette and she husband Jean baptiste . paul Jean baptiste ! jean baptiste we house have be burn . paul what be go on ? tatiana the president have be murder . paul murdered ! by whom ? odette the radio say tutsi rebel . paul nonsense . why would the rebel kill the president when he agree to peace ? tatiana pull Paul aside . tatiana where be Thomas and feden ? paul I send they home . go and call they . tatiana I try already . the phone do not work . Jean baptiste turn on he tiny radio . radio announcer we great president be murder , by the tutsi cockroach . they trick he , then they kill he . we must cleanse this country , good hutus of rwanda . we must clear the brush . clear the brush of all cockroach . clear the brush !!! 33. the word be cut short as a grenade blast rattles the window . everyone jump , child whimper . Paul be shocked but try to pull thing together . paul come on , everyone out of this room , find a seat in the live room . he hold the door open , they file out , frighten . tatiana be last , he stop she , step back in , close the door . paul ( cont 'd ) ( in hushed anger ) be every tutsi in the neighborhood here ? tatiana they come through the bush , over the wall . what could I do ? paul send they home . we be not the police . what do we have to protect they ? tatiana please . let they stay ' till morning . the militia will not come here , they know you be a hutu with influence . paul they know you be tutsi ! the door knock . Paul get up , angry . tatiana please , Paul , ' till first light . paul Dawn . then they go . Paul open the door , it 's Odette , hold the hand of Paul 's eldest daughter . odette forgive I , Paul . danielle say that Roger have go . tatiana come over instantly , worried . tatiana go where ? tell I , danielle . they daughter danielle answer . 34 . danielle next door , mama . he be afraid for he friend Simon . he go to fetch he . ext . undergrowth . night Roger crawl between the shrub . he hear angry voice . he peer through the long grass . see : hutu soldier boot , foot in sneaker , bare woman 's foot . and among they the glint of machete , hoe , a club spike with nail , a length of chain clanging on the ground . ext . paul' garden . night tatiana rush out the front door , Paul after she . Paul catch she and put he hand over she mouth . paul shhhhh . shout next door . Paul pull tatiana behind the car . a beat . more shout . Paul take he hand from she mouth . she 's sobbing . E ext . neighbor's yard . night Roger crawl to the gap in the shrub . foot , a crowd , leave , through a gate . engine rev . Roger crawl from the bush . crawl across , the driveway , crawl through a puddle . then stop , sees something , a ( unseen ) horror ! ext . paul' garden . night Paul and tatiana exit the back of the house with flashlight in hand head towards the rear gate . Paul search along the chain link fence , find a section loose , he pull it back , clamber underneath it . tatiana clasp she mouth , afraid to utter a cry . ext . undergrowth . night Paul crawl through this scrub tunnel . 35 . then he hear branch snapping . he move toward the sound . discover Roger , terrify , thrashing in a tangle of bush . he grab Rogers shirt , pull he as the little boy startles . paul ssshh ! Paul drag he son through the chainlink fence , whisk he up in he arm and rush he to the house . int . paul' kitchen . night Paul burst through the back door and set Roger down . tatiana be beside they . tatiana Roger ! Paul turn the flashlight on Roger . tatiana pull back in horror : Roger be cover in blood . her scream , stifle by fear . tatiana ( cont 'd ) oh , my God ! paul where be you hurt , son ? oger stare blankly . Odette be beside they now . odette get he clothes off . hand pull and tear he clothes off . towel wipe he down . Odette look all over he body with the flashlight . despite the blood Roger have no injury . paul what happen , son ? where do you get this blood ? but Roger , tremble , just stare , totally traumatize . Children cry . odette he 's not injure . his paralysis freak the woman in the room . Paul turn angrily to they . paul leave we , give we some space . 36 . he usher the neighbor out of the room , close the door . paul ( cont 'd ) ( to tatiana ) the neighbor must go at dawn . tatiana hug she son . ext . kigali . dawn the faintest grey of dawn over the city . then a flock of bird rise as one in the distance . a millisecond later , the cause of they flight , a grenade explosion , echoe . the bird dart , in another direction as the staccato of a machine gun rip the air . int . paul' bedroom . dawn paul sit on the edge of the bed , stare out the window . behind he tatiana have Roger cradle in she arm , he still tremble wide eye as she try to get he to talk . tatiana will you take a little milk ? nothing . paul let he sleep . the door knock . the old guard call in frighten . old guard ( o.s. ) Mr. paul. paul ( to tatiana ) it be time for the neighbor to leave . he head for the door . int . paul' live room . dawn Paul step out , close the door behind he . a small delegation of the man wait nervously . jean baptiste it be true . 37 . he hold up the tiny radio , tune to the BBC World service , a crackly Brit voice . ( it 's gloria the reporter . ) gloria the reporter ( o.s. ) the hutu president 's plane be strike by a ground - to - air missile as he return from signing the peace accord with the tutsi rebel . there be no survivor . the hutu government have already blame the tutsi rebel . the rebel have deny the accusation . already there be report of reprisal killing on the street . as they listen , a young woman let out a squeal , and flee the window where she 's be sit . women ( o.s. ) they be here . hysteria in the room , woman and child push toward the bedroom . Paul manage to make it to the window , nervously steal a glance and see : a hutu army soldier sit on the high wall by the gate . he pull another up beside he . anic in the room now . Paul turn . paul shut up ! paul be Pov : the soldier drop into he garden . they draw pistol . tatiana ( o.s. ) what be it , Paul . paul stay with the child . paul be Pov : the soldier go to the gate , slide the bolt , swing it open . two jeep , jamme with heavily armed soldier , sit in the drive like many - limb beast of war . Paul watch as the jeep rumble into he garden . the soldier jump out . inside the room : nothing can stop the woman and child from flee into the bedroom . Paul be freeze at the crash of rifle on the door . the door give , soldier flood in . they be startle by the crowd in the live room , rifle raise , shout . 38 . soldier out , get out now ! Paul pull himself together , march over to the soldier . paul who be in charge ? a Captain be at the door . captain who be you ? paul I be Paul rusesabagina , a good friend of General bizimungu . captain we be look for you . he take Paul by the arm , lead he outside . ext . paul' house . dawn the Captain stop by he jeep , study he clipboard . tatiana with Roger in she arm , she kid and all the neighbor herde together . paul what be this about ? captain let I see you identity card . Paul pull it from he pocket , hand it to the Captain . close on : Paul 's id - it read ethnicity : hutu . the Captain study he , wave for the soldier to back off . captain ( cont 'd ) you hear the tutsi cockroach murder we president . paul yes , it be a calamity for we all . captain you work at the Hotel diplomat ? paul no . I work at the mille colline . 39 . the Captain look confuse . Paul quickly : paul ( cont 'd ) I use to work at the diplomat . captain do you know how to open the safe there ? ( Paul nod ) we government need to use the hotel and the room key be in the safe . you must open it . paul of course . Paul see out into the street behind the jeep : a group of militia in they color shirt armed with machete , have gather , try to see what be go on . paul ( cont 'd ) Captain , I must take my family . it be not safe here . captain where be you family ? tatiana be beside he now . tatiana ( interrupt ) this be they . tatiana point to the huddle neighbor . Paul be stunne . captain all of they ! I can not take they . tatiana no , no , good Captain , you do not have to . we have the car and we van . she point to the mille colline van . he Captain look doubtful , then he two - way radio bark - a urgent message . he listen . tatiana drag the kid and usher everyone toward the van . in a second , they be all clamber in . captain let 's go . 40 . Paul jump behind the wheel of the van . neighbor be jamme in like sardine , 15 , more , inside . tatiana and they kid be squash together on the front bench . the convoy ( jeep - van , car - jeep ) start up and turn out into the street . the militia man wave stick , machete . int . van traveling - day Paul look back as they speed off down the street . see : the militia looter pour into he gateway . as they pass the caringa home , militia looter carry off a tv and push a stove on a child 's skateboard . tatiana have Roger on she lap , she cradle he head . ext . kigali STREET . day the convoy speed through the desert street . slow only to maneuver through makeshift roadblock where militia wave machete , nail club and spear as they dance . further along the road : a group of militia swarm over a car , smash the windshield , the window . Inside a family huddle together in terror , wait for the window to give way . in the gutter by the side of the road , three dead body . paul ( to tatiana ) do not look . ext . HOTEL diplomat . day the convoy pull up at this older , shabbier hotel . there be other jeep , and several staff in a panic . the janitor , ROBERT , see Paul , burst into wave of joy . ROBERT Mr. Paul , sir . oh , Mr. Paul . we must open every door right now for the government . Paul jump out of the van , hurry to the lead jeep . paul ( to the Captain ) the safe be in the manager 's office . 41 . the Captain nod to two soldier . captain go with he , get the key . int . HOTEL diplomat lobby . day Paul run through the lobby . the staff look petrify . int . HOTEL diplomat manager' office . day Paul burst into the room . the two soldier follow . he go to the hotel 's big old combination safe , spin the combination a few time , try the handle , clunk ! it do not open . he 's forget the number . the soldier look at he impatiently . Paul improvise . paul gentlemen , you will find some chocolate , and maybe a few beer in the fridge . do not let they go to waste . the soldier fall over each other to get to the fridge . Paul try the safe number again , clunk ! it open . he see : a big bunch of key , a wad of dollar , rwandan francs , a check book , and several bottle of the best cognac , whiskey , some cristal . he look round nervously but the two soldier be busy fight over the beer and chocolate in the fridge . 's they do , Paul , hand tremble , stuff the wad of note , into he belt , pull he shirt over and shut the safe door . paul ( cont 'd ) I have get they . he be about to leave . soldier 1 wait ! Paul look back at the soldier . soldier 1 ( cont 'd ) sit down . Paul sit , as the two soldier guzzle beer and stuff chocolate into they pocket . 42 . int . HOTEL diplomat lobby . day Paul hurry through the lobby toward the entrance . ext . HOTEL diplomat entrance . day Paul emerge to see : all of the occupant of the van , tatiana , he kid , Odette on they knee , with they hand on they head . the Captain hover over they , pistol in hand , turn , see Paul . he march toward he and slap he hard on the face . captain traitor ! Paul reel from the blow , but manage to stay on he foot . the Captain snatch a bunch of id card from a soldier , hurl the card in Paul 's face . captain ( cont 'd ) they be all tutsi cockroach . paul let I explain . he grab Paul by the scruff of the neck , push he toward the kneel captive . the Captain snatch a pistol from one of he soldier , shove it into Paul 's hand . captain shoot they ! Paul look at he . paul please , I do not use gun . captain there be nothing to it . the Captain raise he own pistol and fire it . everyone jump with fright . captain ( cont 'd ) shoot they now or you die first . the Captain aim he pistol at Paul 's head . cock the hammer . 43. paul Captain , what could I pay you not to do this ? the Captain laugh . captain you want to pay I ? paul why not ? this be not rebel , look at they . soon they will be worthless to you . why not take some money , for you work ? captain how much ? paul name a price . captain ten thousand francs for each one . paul I do not have that much . the Captain laugh , snatch the gun from Paul , march toward they . paul ( cont 'd ) wait ! wait ! Paul reach into he pocket , pull out the bunch of dollar . paul ( cont 'd ) here , here , a thousand US dollar - fifty thousand francs for my family . to let we drive off to the mille colline . captain how many in you family ? paul six . the Captain look at he soldier , at the wad of note . aptain pull you family out . Paul run over , grab tatiana , Roger , the three girl . Odette kneel beside tatiana . Paul whisper . paul have you any money ? 44 . odette nothing . Paul push he family toward the van , look back , see the Captain pocket the dollar , move toward the line . tatiana Paul , do not let they die . paul ( urgent ) get in . Paul push they into the van , shut the door , dig into he soul for all the courage he can muster , then turn back . paul ( cont 'd ) Captain , let this people give you some money , whatever they have . the Captain hesitates . Paul see this , run over to the line of neighbor . paul ( cont 'd ) give I everything , everything you have . a pathetic rain of rwandan francs , useless coin , watch , jewelry fall onto the ground . Paul scoops it all up . T he Captain look at it , take it , then : captain there be only enough for one cockroach . the Captain raise he pistol . captain ( cont 'd ) pick one to take with you . now each terrify neighbor look to Paul , begging . paul wait , wait . Paul count the kneel figure : ten adult , four kid . paul ( cont 'd ) ten. captain and four child ? 45 . paul I will give you a hundred thousand francs for all of they . the Captain point the gun . captain give I it . paul I do not have it here . at the mille colline . I can get it for you . captain you will run into the hotel and hide behind the U.N. paul I swear , Captain , one hundred thousand francs , enough for a house . I will get the money , you keep they outside . the Captain smile . captain I will keep you family outside . let 's go . ext . HOTEL front gate . day the convoy pull up at the outer gate of the mille colline . it 's manned by armed UN peacekeeper . he Captain walk to Paul in the van . captain go with my soldier . and hurry back if you want to keep this cockroach . the Captain nod to Paul 's child . Paul jump into the rwandan army jeep . paul ( to UN peacekeeper ) I be the manager . open the gate . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Chaos - UN jeep , hotel van , dismay tourist , frighten tutsi refugee . 46 . close on : Bik , the dutch manager , bag pack , anxious , see Paul . yell . bik Paul , I have to talk to you ... but Paul ignore Bik , barrel he way through the din and crush of the parking lot . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul rush in : the lobby be fill with tutsi refugee , and scared white tourist . solitary receptionist , besiege by anxious guest , be relieved to see Paul . receptionist oh , sir , please can you ... Paul rush to the accounting room behind the reception desk , close the door . int . HOTEL office . day Paul pull bundle of dollar from the hotel safe . ext . HOTEL . day Paul push through the mob at the door . Bik come up . bik Paul ... grab Paul ) ... I have to talk to you . paul I will be back . Paul break free and hurry over to the Army jeep . paul ( cont 'd ) ( hop in ) let 's go . ext . HOTEL front gate . day Paul jump from the jeep . wave to tatiana in the van , then give the money to the Captain . 47 . paul now let they go . no response . money in hand , the Captain eye Paul with malice . paul ( cont 'd ) do not be foolish . there 's more money to be make here . captain you want to buy anymore cockroach ask for Captain naramunju . the Captain smile , then jump in he jeep and speed off . Paul run to the van and jump in . inside the van jubilation , in the rear of the van . Odette be in tear . odette thank you , thank you , Paul . Paul do not reply . tatiana hug he . he give she a look - a mix of relief and anger - the crowd in the back almost cost he he family . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul 's van arrive . Bik hang from a minibus . bik ( shout ) Paul , I have to go . the staff have fle kivu Lodge . I have to close it . he fling office key to Paul . bik ( cont 'd ) while I be away , you be in charge . Bik 's van take off . a group of tourist hear Bik 's word . tourist hey , hey , we need we passport , we want to get a flight . Paul look at they . tourist they be in you safety box . we need they right away . 48 . paul come inside . int . HOTEL lobby . day at the desk , the same receptionist be overwhelm . tourist ( o.c . ) he 's in charge , that 's he . Paul go behind the desk . rumor fly among the crowd of tourist . tourist ( staccato ) to the airport ... my embassy ... try to call ... the airport be close ... refund ... this be outrageous ... behind the tourist , tatiana and the neighbor look lose . Paul address the frighten western tourist . paul please , I be the house manager . return in thirty minute and we will deal with all you request , thank you . Paul turn to the room key box , nearly all be empty . paul ( cont 'd ) what happen to all the room ? finally he find a key , push through to tatiana , hand a key to Odette and Jean baptiste . paul ( cont 'd ) take this room . tatiana , bring the child . Paul start to lead he family away . tatiana ( be : neighbor ) what about they ? Paul loose it . paul they . they almost get we all kill . I have do enough for they ! we can not look after they anymore . 49 . tatiana what be you go to do ? you can not drive they out onto the road . they can stay with I . paul what ! tatiana I will not have they on my conscience . they will stay in my room . paul ( to Zozo ) Zozo , get a key for two staff bedroom . put this people in they . zozo yes , sir . int . HOTEL corridor . day Paul hurry he family along the corridor . rwandan refugee wander aimlessly pull they meagre possession . refugee ( call out ) mose , mose seradungu . paul can I help you ? refugee I be look for mose seradungu 's room . paul what be he room number ? refugee I do not know . paul go downstairs , I will help you . Paul find he room and open the door . int . HOTEL room . day paul lead he family into a one - bedroom suite . the kid drop to the bed exhaust . tatiana pick up the phone and dial . 50 . paul what be you do ? tatiana try Thomas and feden . we have get to get they here . Paul pace the room . the maid clearly have not clean it since it 's last occupant : the bed be unmade ; towel be on the floor ; and a newspaper be scattered across the desk . paul ( be : room ) this will not do . tatiana it will do just fine . so Paul tidy the place . as he do , paul any luck ? tatiana no answer . please send someone to get they , please . paul I will try . Paul leave . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul wait , then a car pull up , a indian businessman , Mr. garindi , get out , shake hand , he 's shake . mr. garindi terrible time , Paul . there be body everywhere . I can not stay here . paul I need a great favor . he hand Mr. garindi a address . paul ( cont 'd ) I need you to go to this address and bring my brother - in - law and he family . mr. garindi no , no . this be a very dangerous part of town . I can not do this . 51 . paul this would be a enormous favor to I . I be a man of mean , Mr. garandi . when this nonsense be over I will be most grateful . mr. garindi I will see what I can do . Mr. garindi climb back into he car . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul stop just shy of the lobby . around the corner be a mob of angry guest . Paul take a moment to gather himself : straighten he tie ; button he jacket ; flick a piece of lint from he shoulder . then he take a breath and step around the corner . paul thank you for you patience , lady and gentleman . now , how can I help you . the mob rush he . CUT to : Paul work the front desk as angry guest surge all around he . Zozo emerge from the office with two tourist . paul ( cont 'd ) where be the receptionist ? where 's gregoire ? zozo he have take the presidential suite . paul what ! Paul storm off . int . HOTEL corridor - day close on : a door with a placard read " presidential suite " . Paul knock . the door open . gregoire answer , half - naked . gregoire ( surprised ) Mr. manager . paul gregoire , what be you do here ? 52 . a woman' voice inside ( o.s. ) who be it ? gregoire what do you want ? paul get out of this room and get back to work . gregoire I do not have to listen to you anymore . paul I be in charge now . get back to work or I will fire you . gregoire let I ask you Mr. manager , do you notice a smell of cockroach ? if I be to leave this room , I be sure I could find this smell . I know people who could cleanse it . ( stare ) but maybe it do not bother you ? why be that ? be use to this smell ? not I , I need a clean room to escape it . gregoire close the door . Paul 's eye burn with anger , but this battle will have to wait . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul come into the lobby and discover Colonel Oliver , he be escort a tall , well - dress man , the tutsi Minister of Finance xavier and he family . colonel oliver Paul , you know who this be ? paul yes , Colonel monsieur xavier , the Minister of Finance . colonel oliver get he a room , but tell no one he be here . ( to xavier ) Paul will look after you . xavier I will need a suite . 53. paul of course . he move over to Zozo . paul ( cont 'd ) get the key to suite twelve , take this people there right away . there 's a commotion by the door . Paul go over . a valet stop a group of tutsi refugee from enter . paul ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? valet Sir , they have no reservation . Paul study the group , - a rag bunch , no way be they mille colline guest material . refugee # 2 please , sir , we have nowhere else to go . they be hunt we . paul wait over there . efugee # 3 we need a room . paul I say everyone go over there . Paul see : UN Colonel Oliver give a interview to the BBC in front of the hotel . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul approach the BBC reporter gloria and Colonel Oliver as they interview conclude . gloria do we know who fire the missile that kill the president ? colonel oliver no . but I fear it 's intention may have be to kill the peace accord and spark a civil war between the hutu militia and the tutsi rebel . 54 . gloria we have hear report of reprisal killing . will the UN intervene to stop the bloodsh .? colonel oliver unfortunately we be here as peace - keeper not peace maker , we can not take a aggressive role . gloria if the UN change you mandate could you stop the bloodsh ? colonel oliver yes . with some re-inforcement I be confident we could impose order . gloria have you request re-enforcement ? colonel oliver yes we have . gloria what be the response ? colonel oliver we be await a decision , excuse I . Colonel Oliver shake gloria 's hand then move off toward Paul . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) Paul , I have send my soldier to rescue the Lady Prime Minister , she will need a room . paul yes sir , but this people ( point ) they can not stay here . I have hear you have a refugee center at the airport Stadium ? colonel oliver I be sorry , I can not possibly take they Paul . I be overrun with refugee . as soon as we can stabilize the situation we will take they . paul move to the door , where jock and gloria argue beside a saloon car with the word `press ' spelt out in tape on the wind sreen jock for fuck 's sake , gloria there 's a big news story out there ! we need to get out and cover it . 55 . gloria we be not go outside the hotel grounds unless we have a armored car . that 's the ground rule . jock Ground rule ! where the fuck do you think you be , wimbledon ? gloria we cover the story from here until we can get proper protection . she walk off . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul work he way through the crowd in the lobby , see a trolley of dish by a elevator , look around , can not see any staff . disgust , he push the trolley himself . int . HOTEL kitchen . day Paul push the trolley into the desert kitchen . at the back door , several cook listen to the radio . radio announcer ' good hutus , we must destroy a infestation of cockroach at the technical college . ' paul turn that off . we have a hotel to run . the cook halfheartedly slouch back to the sink . int . HOTEL lobby . night the lobby be overflow with refugee . Paul stand with phone to ear . Zozo walk up . paul ( to Zozo ) where 's housekeep ? they will not pick up . zozo Sir , no one want to work . they say the boss have leave . 56 . Paul head for the back office . int . HOTEL manager' office . night a neat corporate office . Paul pick up the phone . int . sabena president's office . brussel . night several executive officer sit across from sabena President godefroid around a speaker phone . abena president can I have you name again ? paul ( o.s. ) Paul rusesabagina , Mr. godefroid . the house manager . I meet you on you last visit . sabena president yes , Paul , I remember . the mille colline be a very important property for sabena . we director believe we should close down , shutter the place until this unrest be over ? this be really bad news . Paul can not allow they to close . paul Sir , that would be very bad for we reputation . we be a oasis of calm for all we loyal customer . what would they think if sabena desert they now ? ( lie ) I assure you the United Nations have everything under control . in the sabena president he look at the other . sabena president very well . but if this thing get worse , we must close . if there 's anything you need , call anytime . paul there be one thing I need right away . 57 . int . HOTEL manager' office . night Paul wait by the fax , then it spit out a single page . int . HOTEL banquet room . night every member of the hotel staff be gather together . Paul address they as Zozo hand out copy of a fax . paul this be my letter of appointment , sign by Mr. godefroid , the president of sabena . the mille colline be a five star establishment , we will run it that way . if you do not want to work for I , then leave now . no one move . paul ( cont 'd ) I want the hallway clean now , a menu prepare for the dining room . where 's the pianist ? a hand go up . paul ( cont 'd ) I want you on the piano in the kigali room tonight . back to work . ext . HOTEL forecourt . morning Paul emerge to find more refugee , some settle on the lawn , other gather in clump by the doorway . Paul call over to the valet . paul take this people to the rear car park , they can not stay here . suddenly woman and child on the lawn scream and run in fear . behind they bush shake , then suddenly a bloody figure wear only boxer short burst out from among the tree and flee to the middle of the driveway . it 's the journalist , benedict , cover in blood . his ear have be chop off . pandemonium . as Paul run to he , call to Zozo . paul ( cont 'd ) get Odette ! 58 . Paul grab benedict , try to calm he . paul ( cont 'd ) what happen ? benedict they be kill everyone . the Lady Minister ! the UN soldier . they be at the gate . he point down the driveway . this spark many of the woman refugee , and white guest , to flee inside the hotel . Odette arrive with she bag , lead benedict inside . jock have be filming all of this . ext . HOTEL driveway . day now jock run , camera still on he shoulder , toward the gate . Paul take off after he . more tutsi refugee run up the driveway in fear . ext . HOTEL front gate . day as jock film , Paul arrive by the gate house . UN soldier watch the outside road . engine roar , then . a convoy of Toyota truck circle on the road outside the gate . drunken militia man on the back wave spear , machete , one , in a woman 's disco wig , wave a cordless power drill . the drill bit be red with blood . in the next truck , two militia men triumphantly taunt the UN soldier as they hold blue UN helmet high on stick . the helmet be shot through with hole . militiaman # 1 we kill UN . we kill you next . enraged UN soldier cock they weapon , aim . a UN armored car race past the militia and turn into the driveway . the back door open , UN Colonel Oliver jump out . colonel oliver hold the line here . do not shoot ! the Colonel stabilize the situation , he man watch the militia drive by . Paul approach Oliver 59 . paul what 's happen ? colonel oliver they murder my soldier . ten belgian who I send to get the lady minister . paul where be she ? Oliver shake he head . he help Paul clamber into the armored car . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul follow Oliver as he march through the lobby . several reporter surround they . reporter be it true about the belgian soldier ... be all ten dead ? Paul watch the UN command disappear into a elevator . ext . HOTEL corridor . day Paul be in the corridor , talk to tatiana . paul have Roger speak yet ? tatiana no , Odette say he 's in shock . paul how can we help he . tatiana he need to be in a safe place . ( a beat ) have you hear from Mr. garindi ? paul give he time . there 's a clank of metal . Paul look and see : a waiter struggle with a trolley of food by a door . he hurry to help the waiter as jock open , indicate quiet , wave Paul and the waiter in . 60 . int . HOTEL BBC room . day the room be set up as a make- shift broadcast center . gloria be on a phone to the BBC in London , she hang up . gloria okay , we be feed through live now . she fix she outfit , sit straight up in the chair . behind she two monitor show footage of a plane crash and body along road . gloria okay London .... and five four three two one ... that 's correct tom. today 's gruesome ambush of a ten man belgian patrol have leave the UN peacekeeping force in a state of disarray . its commander have call for re-enforcement . however , the General Council be deeply divide . the United States , still smart from the UN 's disastrous Somalia mission , have indicate that it will veto any move to reinforce . meanwhile , the slaughter go on . gloria brook in kigali , rwanda . gloria on the phone , listen . gloria and , cut ... good , give I a call guy , let I know you have get it . jock turn to Paul . jock perfect timing . paul this go out live ? jock point skyward . jock Satellite feed . gloria ( on phone ) great. ( listen ) no kid , when will they be here ? excellent . yes , call then . she hang up . 61 . gloria ( cont 'd ) the news room have hear that the french and the belgian be put together a intervention force . paul when will they be here ? gloria very soon . paul thank God . jock 's be at the window scan with he camera , get b roll , then he see something . jock hey Peter , hook I back into the monitor . jock 's filming as Peter make the connection . jock ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! Holy shit . gloria what be it ? jock focus on the monitor : blurry focus of a shanty town on a hill . now focus : of a crowd hover close to a group of rwandan tutsis seat on the ground . two militia emerge from the crowd , wave machete . they slash they way along the line , savage , powerful blow , butcher people like cattle . ( author note : we will use real news footage of this ) jock ( cont 'd ) you fuck see that ! gloria ( shock ) oh my God ! on screen : the crowd run off , wave machete . gloria snap out of she shock , snatch the phone , dial . 62 . gloria ( cont 'd ) it 's gloria . listen we have footage , unbelievable footage ! a massacre ! machete , murderer , dead body . you have to lead with this . we will send it through right now . wait ' till you see this . she put the phone down , turn to the other , triumphant . a embarrassed silence in the room . jock be disgust by she glee . he pick up a plate from the trolley . jock ( to gloria ) here , have a sandwich . gloria fuck you . she storm out . Paul fill the embarrassed silence . paul I be glad you film this . now the West will have to stop it . Excuse I , gentleman . ext . HOTEL corridor . evening the businessman Mr. garindi knock on room 211 . Paul open the door , see he , then turn back to tatiana . paul tatsi , come . tatsi appear at the door with several of the kid . paul ( cont 'd ) ( to the kid ) go back inside . the kid do as they be tell . Paul and tatsi shut the door and join the businessman in the hall . paul ( cont 'd ) do you find the twin ? tatiana cling to Paul , fearful of the news . mr. garindi I make it to the house but it be empty . it have be rob . tatiana oh God . 63. paul be there blood ? mr. garindi no blood . as I leave a neighbor , a old woman , wave to I . I go to she house . she have the little girl . they be safe . tatiana my brother , he wife . do this woman know of they ? do they leave the child with she ? the businessman shake he head no . tear run down tatiana 's face . she hold Paul 's arm to stop from fall to the floor . paul this be not bad news , tatsi . perhaps they fle or could not make it home . there be hope . tatiana ( to the businessman ) please go back , bring the child to we . mr. garindi ( frighten ) no mar 'am , I can not do that . the roadblock be everywhere . they be look for child . they shout , " kill the baby to clear the infestation . " leave they be , they be safe . I have to go now . Paul take a small wad of note from he pocket , press it into the businessman 's hand . paul thank you for you help . he leave . tatiana pull Paul to she . tatiana my sister be dead , Paul . they would not leave the child . paul no . they be not dead . stop this . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul and tatiana push through the french tourist and aid worker run across the lobby . 64 . french tourist mon dieu , merci . cheer break out . Paul and tatsi peer from the crowd and through the lobby window see : ext . HOTEL driveway . day french and italian special force pull into the parking lot , stand tall in they jeep , macho western super troops , triumphant . salvation ! ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Wild cheer , flower drape around neck , kiss . westerner , rwandans , dance and sing in celebration . Paul sees : Colonel Oliver off to the side , with the commander of the french special force . oliver close on : colonel oliver you have a battalion , you could stop this now . the hutu army be no match for you . french commander that be not we order . Oliver pull off he blue beret , throw it on the ground , point he finger at the french and italian officer . colonel oliver you will remember this day for the rest of you life . he walk off , return , pick up he beret . Paul watch as he storm into the lobby . Paul follow . int . HOTEL bar . day Paul follow the Colonel into the kigali Club . the place be empty , the bartender miss , go to celebrate . paul Colonel , what can I get you ? Paul get behind the bar . 65 . colonel oliver anything . strong . paul canadian Club ? Oliver crack a weary smile . Paul pour two drink , slide one across . he raise he glass . paul ( cont 'd ) congratulation , Colonel . you have save we all . colonel oliver ( raw cynicism ) congratulation . you should spit in my face . paul Excuse I , Colonel . colonel oliver we think you be dirt , less than dirt , worthless . paul I do not understand . colonel oliver do not bullshit I , Paul . you be the smartest man here . you have they all eat out of you hand . you would own this fuck hotel , except for one thing . Paul do not answer . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) you be fuck black ! you be not even a nigger , you be African ! ( downs he drink ) they be not stay to stop this thing . they be gonna fly right out of here with they people . paul ( shocked ) they people ? colonel oliver they be only take the white . 66 . int . HOTEL paul' room . day Paul open the door . tatiana and the kid pack bag , prepare to leave . paul Children , go into the hallway . tatiana and the child stop what they be do , puzzle . paul ( cont 'd ) ( to the kid ) please , go . the kid leave . tatiana what 's wrong ? Paul take she hand in he . paul all the white be leave . tatiana 's grip tighten . paul ( cont 'd ) they be be evacuate . tatiana what about we ? paul we have be abandon . tatiana cling to hope . tatiana the soldier will stop the killer . Paul loose it . paul listen to I woman . I say all the white be leave . the french , the italian , even the belgian UN soldier . tatiana but who be leave ? paul I do not know . Colonel Oliver say the UN have three hundred soldier for the whole country . Black soldier , Pakistanis . 67 . he look up at she . paul ( cont 'd ) the most the Colonel can spare for the hotel be four man , and they be not allow to shoot . he take she hand , make she sit down . paul ( cont 'd ) if anything should happen , if the militia arrive , you must take the child and go to the roof . tatiana 's eye be wide with fear . tatiana what for ? Paul take he anger out on tatiana . paul do what I say , woman . you hear I ? I will meet you there . he storm out . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby . day reveal : a chaos of luggage , white tourist , aid agency people , italian and french soldier , elite , slick . on the edge , clump of rwandans , watch , silent , fearful . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day a torrential African rain storm soak everything . porter with big umbrella run the white evacuee to the bus . french and italian commander check off name on clipboard . jock film the evacuee board bus . int . HOTEL lobby . day at the front desk , Paul , drip wet from work the convoy , listen to a french tourist who refuse to pay he bill . 68 . french tourist why should I pay to stay in a , in a holocaust ? tell I . Paul , stone -face , polite , destroy this asshole . paul you be not stay sir , you be leave . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul watch in the rain as the final agency people be be load onto bus . several white aid worker weep uncontrollably as they be drag away from frighten rwandan coworker . paul in the rain . cross the parking lot Colonel Oliver watch from he jeep . jock and he sound man embrace two beautiful young hookers . one girl beg jock to take she with he . hooker please , please , they will put I on the street . they will chop I . jock darlin ' , believe I , if I could ... he dig in he pocket , pull out money , cigarettes . everything he have he give to she . then he pull she toward Paul , dig out he wallet . jock ( cont 'd ) here . here . he push two Visa card into Paul 's hand . jock ( cont 'd ) give she what she want , room , food , anything . charge it all . do not you put she out , Paul . paul I would never do that . jock I know that , Paul . I be sorry . here take this . 69 . jock pull a rolex off he wrist . paul this be a rolex , I can not take it . jock take it for Christ sake . I wish it be a fuck aeroplane . jock embrace Paul , tear in he eye . gloria watch from the doorway . embarrass by jock , she become officious . gloria let 's go , jock . jock ( turn on she ) go ! what the fuck sort of journalist be we , run from a war ? I be ashamed . be you ? well , be ya ' ? gloria you be drunk . gloria march onto the bus . loria ( to a french soldier ) what be we wait for ? french soldier we have to evacuate some nun from a convent . they be on they way . jock kiss the hooker , heave he camera onto the bus . then there be a disturbance on the driveway . a group of french nun , along with maybe a hundred tutsi woman and child come run up the driveway . they be all terrify . one nun lead they with a french flag . french soldier run forward . a commander order they to form a line , block the refugee . french soldier begin pull nun from the terrify crowd . several nun begin hysterically weep , pull rwandan child with they . panic break out among the crowd . 70 . int / ext . bus . day jock grab he camera , push off the bus . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day nun cling to young child . french soldier wrench the nun away , lift they off they foot , carry they to the bus . jock film , as a french officer scream at he . the last nun be drag onto a bus . jock look to Paul , then get on the bus . the convoy - french jeep , bus , italian jeep , UN jeep take off , through the refugee , turn a corner , go . Paul , drench , be leave alone to fend for he new guest : weeping woman , frighten child . ext . HOTEL front gate . day the convoy pass the gate house . across the road , two jeep of rwandan Army soldier watch the convoy leave . they get on the radio . int . HOTEL lobby . day where five minute before the lobby be a frenzy of wealthy european and aid worker , the group of cluster black face be silent except for the cry of baby and sobbing mother . Paul pick he way among they . Zozo catch up . zozo what do we do with all this people ? paul open up the ballroom , we will put they there . and Zozo tell the kitchen to make rice and bean - a lot of it . int . HOTEL paul' room . day . Paul enter , drop to the bed . tatiana curl up next to he . tatiana you could leave , Paul . 71 . paul what be you say , tatsi ? tatiana you card say hutu . take we child , go and get the twin , pay money at the roadblock . get they out . please . paul enough of this . we stay together . let I rest , I will feel better then . Paul put on he walkman earphone , press play , the rich cowboy drawl of Don Williams sing ??? Close on : Paul as he eye droop and to the music . a kalidiscope of color filter through droop eyelid as Close on Paul 's face , as the music play . his eye open wide , disturb , music play Paul 's Pov , a Army lieutenant stand over he , other soldier around . the lieutenant reach down , pull the earphone from Paul 's ear . lieutenant you be the manager ? paul yes , sir . what be wrong ? lieutenant everyone must leave the hotel now . paul why sir ? lieutenant it 's a order . get everyone out now . paul i...ah ... need some time . please give we twenty , thirty minute . people be sleep . the lieutenant be not impressed . paul ( cont 'd ) please , have some cold drink . I will be as quick as I can . ' cold drink ' soften the soldier ' attitude . 72 . lieutenant we will be outside , ten minute . the soldier march off . Paul go back inside . the kid , sense the menace , sit still and wide - eye on the floor . suddenly tatiana notice Roger be miss . tatiana where 's Roger ? danielle point to under the bed . close on : Roger tremble under the bed , as Paul 's face appear . paul come on son , everything be all right . he slide he out , clutches he in he arm , then turn he over to tatiana as he phone the front desk . paul ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) who be this ? Zozo . I know . get they beer . he turn to tatiana . paul ( cont 'd ) go to the roof now . tatiana ( terrify ) what for Paul . paul ( forceful ) do as I say . I will be there soon . he hurry out . int . HOTEL corridor . day Paul 's door open , he head appear round the corner . the corridor be empty of soldier . now , frighten tutsis peer out from they room . a group of man , among they the politician xavier , be gather in the hallway . Paul spot one man hold a pistol . he run up . paul ( to the man with the pistol ) be you mad ? they will gun we all down . 73. pistol man better to die by the bullet than the machete . Paul pull the gun off he . paul wait here , please . Paul hand the gun to xavier , hurry off . int . HOTEL manager' office . day Paul burst in , sit by the phone and dial . paul ( on phone ) good day , General bizimungu please . do you know where he be ? please ask he to call Paul rusesabagina . it be urgent . phone again . a series of flash cut : increasingly frantic call . paul ( cont 'd ) Colonel bagsora . where ? can you find he ? another call : paul ( cont 'd ) who would order such a thing ? another call : paul ( cont 'd ) do you find the General ? Paul hang up the phone defeat . he look at he watch . his head flop onto the desk , onto the sabena logo . he see it . int . sabena president's office . day the sabena president and two vps sit on couch . president if british Airways abandon the route we should bid for it . his intercom buzze , he 's annoyed then . 74 . secretary ( on phone ) I be sorry , sir . I have a call from Paul in kigali . he say it 's urgent . the president go to the phone , hit the speaker button . president Paul . be you alright ? paul ( o.s. ) we have a big problem . the hutu army have come and order we all of we out of the hotel . the president be baffle . resident out ? where be you go ? paul I do not know , sir . I think they will kill we all . the president can barely form word to reply . president all . what do you mean all ? paul the staff , the guest . president the staff and guest ! how many ? paul now we have eight hundred guest and one hundred staff . I have ten minute leave . I wish I could have do more , sir . please , thank all my friend at sabena . you have be good to I and my family . president ( panicked ) Paul , wait , wait , I be go to put you on hold for one minute , stay on the phone . he hit the hold button . look to the other executive . they be stunne to silence by Paul 's profound farewell . int . HOTEL manager' office . day Paul listen to music on the phone . 75 . int . sabena exterior office . day pandemonium - the president have everyone work the phone . president get the prime minister 's office . call General chareaux . Louis get the UN . tell they this be belgian property . int . HOTEL manager' office . day the music be suddenly interrupt . president ( o.s. ) Paul , be you there ? paul yes , thank you Mr. President . president ( o.s. ) Paul , if you have one call in all the world to stop this , who would you call ? Paul think . paul the french . they supply the rwandan army . president ( o.s. ) Paul , do everything you can to buy time . I will call you back . Paul hurry from the room . int . HOTEL lobby . day Zozo at the computer , printing something . Paul walk up , see : the Hotel 's registry printing . Paul grab it , study . paul what be you do ? zozo the lieutenant want the register . he push Zozo toward the elevator . paul go and get more beer . now Paul be on the computer , type . 76 . on screen : the register show that day 's date : April 13 . Paul hit a few key . on screen : the date above the register be April 4 . Paul hit the print button . the printer click to life . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul with the print registry and Zozo with beer walk to the jeep . the soldier do not wait for the Captain 's order , they mob Zozo , grab beer . the lieutenant march up to Paul . lieutenant where 's the guest list ? Paul hand he the printout . he study it , read . lieutenant ( cont 'd ) Anderson , arthur , boulier . what be this ? paul the guest list . it have not be update since the murder of the president . the lieutenant grab Paul by the shirt . lieutenant be you try to make a fool of I ? there be no european leave in that hotel . get I the name of all the cockroach in there . paul that will take time . lieutenant you do not have time . if I do not have the name , so that I can pick out the traitor , then I will kill everyone here in this car park . get in there now . Paul turn to walk back in . the lieutenant hurry to he man , pull beer from they hand , smashes they on the ground . one soldier come run to he with a radio . Paul watch . the lieutenant listen , then call to Paul . lieutenant ( cont 'd ) hey you , come here . Paul return . 77 . lieutenant ( cont 'd ) who do you call ? paul call , sir ? lieutenant do not lie to I . what 's you name ? paul rusesabagina . Paul rusesabagina . lieutenant I will remember that name . ( turn to he soldier ) let 's go . the soldier roar off down the driveway . zozo look to Paul , a thank you Jesus look . ext . HOTEL roof . day Paul emerge onto the roof , see tatiana , he child , and many of the neighbor sit huddle together . ( they do not know the soldier have leave . ) tatiana be freeze to the spot . paul they have go . tatiana grab he . tear of joy . Paul 's neighbor swarm he , touch he , thank he like a messiah . this effect he . he seem genuinely move as he shake hand and hug they . zozo Sir . the president of sabena be on the phone for you . int . HOTEL manager' office . day Paul arrive behind the front desk . Paul hit the button . paul they be go . thank you , sir . what do you do ? 78 . int . sabena president's office . brussel . day gotfroid be at he desk . sabena president I manage to get the President of France on the phone . paul ( o.s. ) thank you , sir , you save we life . sabena president Paul , I plead with the president to go in and get you all . he tell I it will not happen . paul why ? sabena president I can give you many political answer Paul but the truth be that Africa be not worth a single vote to all of they : french , british , Americans . silence . sabena president ( cont 'd ) you have to get out of there , Paul . I will do whatever I can . smash CUT to : int . HOTEL manager' office . day the elite of the tutsi refugee , that with contact or friend abroad , be gather in the office . paul there will be no rescue , no intervention force . we can only save ourselves . call any foreigner you know , tell they what will happen to we . say goodbye but when you say goodbye , say it as though you be reach through and shaking they hand . let they know if they let go of that hand , you will die . ( silence ) we must shame they into send help . the other look stunne . 79 . paul ( cont 'd ) get on the phone while we still can . at least we can say they hear we cry . Zozo come with I . Paul leave . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul look around the lobby . it resemble a refugee center more than a five star hotel . he turn to a computer , call up the register , then hit delete and erase the register . he pick up the phone , call . paul send two of the housekeep carpenter to the lobby . Paul stride across the lobby , call to Zozo . paul ( cont 'd ) everyone gather together now . Zozo get they all together . they herd together quickly . paul ( cont 'd ) no one can remain in this lobby any longer . I have room available . who can pay ? the rental be six hundred francs per day . about fifty percent of the hand go up . tutsi woman I can not pay ? paul go with Zozo to the ballroom . we will find you bedding . this be a hotel . no one will be allow to stay in the lobby . the carpenter arrive beside Paul . paul ( cont 'd ) good . I want you to go around and take all the number off the door . 80 . carpenter what shall we put in they place . paul nothing . I want no number on the door . int . HOTEL corridor . day Paul go door to door , knock . the room be all pack with tutsi refugee . a door open . paul good day . here be you bill for the last week . if you can not pay , or think you will not be able to pay , go to the ballroom . Zozo will take care of you . dissolve to : int . HOTEL corridor . day . Paul knock on a door . the tutsi politician xavier open the door , see that it be Paul . xavier come in Paul . int . HOTEL luxury suite . day a beautiful two - bedroom suite . xavier life in comfort compare to the other refugee . paul I be afraid you will have to move room . xavier move ? where to ? paul I be go to put you on the third floor . xavier the third floor be low class room . paul yes they be . however if the army return they will expect important people such as yourself to be in this grand room . 81 . xavier ( to he wife ) pack the bag , we have to move . paul also , this be you bill for the last week . Paul leave , xavier look shocked . fade to : montage Paul and influential refugee , Odette , benedict ( with a bandage over he miss ear ) , xavier and other call , plead , write and send fax all around the world . we see this night and day ; day and night -- hen Odette on the phone . odette yes , that 's right . I help set up the treatment center in nairobi . I be in the mille colline Hotel right now with my husband , Peter , and my two boy . if you do not help we we will be murder . Zozo arrive . zozo Sir , General bizimungu be here . ext . HOTEL pool terrace . day the pool patio be desert except for General bizimungu and three soldier who lounge at a table . gregoire and he girlfriend sun on recline deck chair like movie star . Paul and a waiter with a tray of drink join the General . general bizimungu I be glad you be well . Paul hand the scotch to bizimungu . paul I be sorry it be not glenmorangie . general bizimungu as long as it be scotch . ( drink ) you white friend have abandon you , Paul . 82. paul the United Nations be still here . general bizimungu ( laugh ) the United Nations . mad be on the street , Paul . but I will take care of you . ( chug he drink ) you cellar be well - stock , right ? paul yes , General . I be glad you come by . I overhear something that I think you should know about . general bizimungu what do you overhear ? paul a discussion between a american embassy official and a UN Colonel . general bizimungu what do they say ? paul the american assure the colonel that they would watch everything . general bizimungu watch everything ? how ? they be go . Paul point surreptitiously to the sky . the General look up . paul satellite . general bizimungu satellite ? paul yes , they can photograph the epaulet on you shoulder . eneral bizimungu and what will they do with this satellite ? paul the american say intervention be too costly , better to get photographic evidence and snatch up the high command . general bizimungu the high command ? we high command ? 83. paul ' snatch they up and put on a war crime trial . lock they all away forever . no political risk , and big publicity . ' that 's what he say . ( a beat ) I think I would better tell you . the General look again to the sky then . general bizimungu the Americans ! who be they to put we on trial . let we imagine Paul when they president Kennedy be shot , they say it be a black man . then they politician , they radio station give order `we must wipe out this black people before they wipe out we . ' what do you think would have happen ? no different . paul ( cont 'd ) indeed , general . Excuse I momentarily . int . HOTEL cellar . day Paul fill bizimungu 's briefcase with scotch , hand two six - pack of beer to Zozo . Paul note he once pack storeroom , now considerably dwindle in stock . paul where have all we beer go ? zozo Sir , gregoire have be take beer . paul how much beer ? zozo many beer . ext . HOTEL pool terrace . afternoon Paul arrive back at the pool , hand bizimungu he briefcase . Zozo give the beer to the soldier . paul I be worried about thief and criminal come into the hotel . perhaps you could arrange for some police to guard we . general bizimungu the police be very busy . 84 . paul I understand General , but when I last talk to the president of sabena he promise I that anyone who help protect belgian property would be reward . bizimungu understand this be a financial proposition . general bizimungu he do . paul " well reward " that be he word . general bizimungu if I be to spare a few policeman , where would I station they ? paul the front gate would be best , General . they could check all guest . general bizimungu I will see what I can do . paul I admire you , General . how do you keep command of you man amidst such madness ? general bizimungu I be strong , Paul , like a lion . paul I wish I be like you . look at my staff , they will not work , they listen to no one . Paul nod over toward gregoire . eneral bizimungu he be staff ? he General get up . gregoire , who be lie face down on the deck chair , do not see he approach . the General pull the deck chair from underneath gregoire and throw it into the pool . as gregoire try to scramble to he foot , the General propel he forward with a massive kick up the ass . general bizimungu ( cont 'd ) get to work , you slug . gregoire race from the pool , follow by he girlfriend . 85 . the General click he finger and he soldier follow . general bizimungu ( cont 'd ) make sure , Paul , you guest be generous . int . lobby . day benedict greet Paul in the lobby . benedict Paul , we would like to speak to you in you office . paul we , who be we ? benedict a delegation . int . HOTEL manager' office . day Paul walk in and discover the office pack with the elite tutsi refugee include xavier , Odette and Jean baptiste . Paul 's puzzle , there 's a air of tension in the room . paul yes . a brief silence , then a tutsi bank manager speak . banker you have no right to charge we rent . paul why not ? banker this be no longer a hotel , it be a prison and you be profiteering from we misery . odette that be not true . another accuser speak up . tutsi accuser yes it be . he charge for food , for everything . where be all this money go ? we hear he have a deal with bizimungu . 86 . tutsi accuser # 2 it be say that you work for the murderer George rutagunda . murmur of agreement . Paul have hear enough . paul I confess . ( a beat ) it 's true I have a deal with General bizimungu . he be just here . I work out another money make scheme for he . New arrival will be tax at the gate . silence . paul ( cont 'd ) do you know what my deal be with bizimungu . I pay he and he keep you alive . anyone want to take they money back ? paul pull money from he pocket , hand it around , offer it . paul ( cont 'd ) here , here take it . and you do not have to pay you bill . I will move you into the ballroom or out into the garden . he walk among they . paul ( cont 'd ) and , yes , I work with George rutagunda . I buy rice and bean , beer and soap . I will have to visit he warehouse soon because we be run out of food . who want to come with I ? Paul hold the door open . paul ( cont 'd ) anyone who want to come with I stay behind . if not , please leave . they hurry out , duly chastise . but Odette and she husband Jean baptiste remain . paul ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) you be most certainly not come with I . you will get I kill . jean baptiste you can not go to that place , they know what you be do here . 87 . paul George will not hurt I , I be too profitable to he . odette what if he be not there ? Paul have not get a answer for that one . he lead they out . int . HOTEL paul be room . night Roger be asleep , on a couch in the live room , several kid sleep on the floor . to the bed : where tatiana suppress burst of laughter as Paul relate the gregoire story in whisper . paul as soon as the General leave he come run back . ( mimic gregoire ) help I , sir , I have be possess by a witch . ( Paul 's own voice now ) a witch you say ? ( mimic ) yes , yes , I do not know I be in that room . the president 's room , why would I be in the president 's room ? ( own voice ) indeed , the General ask I the same . ( mimic ) ask you what ? ( own voice ) do gregoire think he be president now ? paul mimic gregoire 's whimper of fear . tatiana ( laugh ) stop , stop , we will waken the child . Paul lift the bottle of fine bordeaux , pour more . paul Lynch bage , 84 . perfect with lamb , or fine rare beef . tatiana so where be the lamb ? paul maybe gregoire and the witch eat it . they both chuckle , then Paul remember , a cloud of anxiety come over he . tatiana what 's the matter ? 88. paul we be run out of beer and other supplies . she kiss he . tatiana the foreigner abandon we and you do inventory . you be so conscientious . she kiss he again , try to cheer he . paul I have to go out to get food . tatiana go out ! where ? paul to rutagunda 's place . it be close by . tatiana no , no . paul I have to , tatiana , we be only as valuable as the service we provide . tatiana you can not go alone . paul I be not go alone . I will take gregoire with I . he 's a good hutu , and he want to impress I now . int . HOTEL lobby . day the lobby be desert except for gregoire now neatly dress . G paul regoire it be good to see you back to work . gregoire please , except my humblest apology ... paul do not worry . I have a job this morning . I must go to visit my good friend George rutagunda . you know George ? gregoire nod , impressed . 89 . paul ( cont 'd ) fetch the van . ext . HOTEL forecourt . dawn a thick mist blanket the grounds as Paul and gregoire emerge . gregoire ( fearful ) where be we go , sir ? paul for supplies , you drive . gregoire the fog be too heavy , sir . paul just drive , gregoire . int . van . dawn they pass the gate , the policeman be asleep in the box . the van pass along the desert main road , past a wreck car , over break glass , the fog swirl around they . then gregoire hit the brake . in front of they , a makeshift barricade , long pole stretch across two oil drum . they wait for someone to appear from the fog : no one . gregoire we should go back , sir . Paul want to agree , but can not . he open he door . ext . road . day Paul get out , tentative . paul hello ? nothing . he move to the barrier , lift the pole , place it on the ground , hurry back to the van . 90 . int . van . dawn paul let 's go . they drive past the barricade . the van weave through the fog-enshrouded street . hey slow to check road sign in the fog - on one a woman 's dress , shred and soak in blood , be drape like a banner . ext . rutaganda's warehouse . dawn the fog still hang like a cloud . as they pull up , a group of young militia emerge from Toyota truck . militiaman # 1 what do you want ? paul we be to meet Mr. rutagunda . militiaman # 1 the commander be not here . paul he will be here . militiaman # 1 show I you id Paul and gregoire hand over they id card . the militia man study they , then pocket the card . paul Excuse I . militiaman # 1 what ? paul we card , please . militiaman # 1 what card ? paul you have we card . 91 . militiaman # 1 no . but I make card . would you like I to make you two card ? paul how much ? militiaman # 1 one thousand francs . then from out of the fog , three Toyota truck roar up . George rutagunda , heavily armed , in cut - off short and a open shirt , he barrel chest laden with bandolier , jump out . he militia man pull out the id card , hand they back . militiaman # 1 ( cont 'd ) apologetic ) joke . rutagunda stride over . GEORGE Paul . my old friend . Paul climb out , greet George , as a militia man swing open the door of the warehouse . they walk in . int . rutaganda's warehouse . day the warehouse be fill with loot television , artwork , car . George point to the stack of beer . GEORGE everything be double the price now , you do understand that ? paul I need rice , bean , beer , and you best whiskey . G eorge beer yes , but no whiskey . paul you have no whiskey ? GEORGE no whiskey , no spirit . you rich cockroach at the hotel , they will have to do without they scotch . anyway , I have ble that cow enough Paul . 92 . Paul count out the rwandan francs . paul what do you mean George ? GEORGE they money be no good to they . soon all the ineysi will be dead . paul ( incredulous ) ) you can not kill they all . GEORGE why not ? we be half way there already . Paul 's stomach heave . he hide it , turn over the money , get in the van with gregoire . George come to the passenger window . eorge ( cont 'd ) let I give you a tip my friend , we general in the army say 'do not go near the mille colline or they will send the belgian soldier back here ' . but the general be about to leave , and we will be in charge . it be time to butcher you cow for the meat . ( a beat ) you can help we Paul . you have some very important traitor at you hotel . the politician xavier . the liar benedict . if we be to get they , then maybe we could let one or two cockroach get away . you understand , Paul . Paul say nothing , but gregoire have be listen very carefully . paul let 's go . GEORGE take the river road back . it be clear . the van take off . int . van . dawn the fog have get thicker . they can barely see a yard ahead . paul be you sure this be the river road ? gregoire I see the sign . 93. the van begin to bump erratically . bump , bump , bump . paul stop . you have drive off the road . you will put we in the river . the van jerk to a halt . ext . river road . dawn Paul clamber out , stumble , fall . and discover he 's look at the face of a dead child , a young tutsi girl , she hand clasped on she ear as though to block the sound of she own death - a African munz 's scream . Paul clamber to he foot , see that the van be on a road litter with dead body , man , woman , child . he bump be dead body , the van have drive over they . a breeze from the lake blow the fog clear for thirty foot . revealing : a carpet of body , hundred of they sprawle all along the road as far as Paul can see . Paul wander stunne among misshapen corpse , make more ghostly by wisp of fog . finally , Paul clamber shell - shocked back into the van . paul go back ! go back ! gregoire throw the van into reverse . hey bump back over the carpet of body , each shake and crunch another horror . ext . HOTEL rear delivery area . day the van pull up at the rear supplier entrance . Paul hop out , turn to gregoire . paul tell no one what you see , do you understand ? gregoire , Zozo and the porter begin unload the van . 94 . ext . HOTEL garden . day Paul wander to a bench set back in a manicure grove of bush . Beyond he a crowd of rwandan refugee child play in the swim pool , laugh , jump , splash like they be at a municipal pool in Central Park . p paul watch . tear stream from he eye , the stream grow into a flood , he bury he face in he hand . then a voice . little boy ( o.s. ) Mr. manager . Paul wipe he eye , turn . a little boy stand behind he , hold out he arm . little boy ( cont 'd ) Mr. manager , sir . then Paul see what be wrong . the boy have a big thorn imbed in the muscle of he arm . Paul study it . paul that 's a big one . ( pinch the thorn ) here we go . Paul pull on the thorn , the kid do not flinch . Paul pick he up , carry he to the pool , throw he in . int . HOTEL paul be room . night tatiana feed the child - rice and bean . Paul arrive . child good evening , papa . paul Roger , you have no greeting for I . Roger try to speak , struggle to mouth the word but nothing come out , as though he have forget . tear form in he eye . paul ( cont 'd ) there , do not worry , no tear . he hug he , put he back at he food , then take tatiana 's hand , lead she to the door . 95 . tatiana ( whisper ) where be we go ? they slip out . int . HOTEL roof door . night tatiana stop . tatiana please , Paul , why do we have to go to the roof ? paul it 's alright . this be the only place I can find some peace . ext . HOTEL roof . night Paul slip out onto the roof . tatiana follow . artillery and mortar fire rumble in the distance . flashes silhouette along the far hill above kigali . he lead she to a blanket , a candle , two glass and the bottle of wine . they sit . he open the wine . tatiana ( laugh ) I hear we must pay for everything . how much for this ? paul a kiss . they kiss . tatiana you be a very good man , Paul rusesabagina . he kiss he again . paul I have a confession . when we meet ... tatiana in ruhengeri ? paul yes , when you work as the nurse . tatiana yes . 96 . paul I have you transfer to kigali . tatiana what ? paul I bribe the Minister of Health to have you transfer to kigali . tatiana why ? paul to be closer . so that I could marry you . tatiana what be the bribe ? ( silence ) what be I worth to you ? paul it be substantial . tatiana tell I what it be . paul a car . tatiana what sort of car ? paul what do it matter . tatiana I want to know . paul a volkswagen . tatiana a volkswagen ! he slap he playfully . tatiana ( cont 'd ) I hope it be a new volkswagen . she kiss he , they lie back on the roof , kiss passionately . 97 . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul instruct the porter to clean around the entrance . the UN armored car come up the driveway . Colonel Oliver get out , stride across the tarmac , he shake Paul 's hand . colonel oliver great news , Paul , we be go to get you out of here . I the sweetest word Paul have ever hear . int . HOTEL banquet room . day Oliver be on the stage , all the refugee guest be crowded into the room he have a list in he hand . colonel oliver the UN have be notify that the follow family have receive travel visa from the follow country . he read . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) abukesu - tanzania , arumangu - Zambia , bawroanga - kenya , close on : elation among the choose family . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) gituaranga - Zambi , horangora - belguim close on - fear on the face of family who realize they have miss this alphabetical list , anxiety among the other . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) paramisambi - Zambia , rusesabagina - Belgium . tatiana kiss Paul . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) Zamacanga - Ghana . a plane will land at the airport tomorrow and the name family will be fly to kenya . two UN truck will be here at 7 a.m . the name family must be ready to leave then . voice call out . 98 . tutsi woman Colonel , sir . why not take we all to the airport ? we can wait there to obtain visa . colonel oliver I can not do that . we camp at the airport be overwhelm already . we could not defend you there . you be better to stay here and work to get a exit visa . Oliver jump from the stage , push through the crowd . Paul 's Pov : Odette and Jean baptiste be silently devastate . he push through to the Colonel now surround by that who do not make the list . paul Colonel , Odette camundu ... she must be on the list . Oliver shake he head no . colonel oliver Paul , only that I call can get on the truck . I do not want to have to pull people off , you understand ? Paul nod yes . tatiana arrive beside he , pull he aside . tatiana I will not leave without the twin . paul we have to get out of here tatiana . tatiana please , please try one more time . paul I will try but we have to leave , with or without they . I want you to promise . she reluctantly nod yes . int . HOTEL lobby . day Mr. garindi wait nervously in the lobby . Paul arrive . 99 . mr. garindi it be dangerous to be here . the radio say this be a nest of cockroach . paul I need one last favor . go back and get the twin . mr. garindi ( emphatic ) no , it be impossible . that side of town have be destroy in the fight . the child be dead . paul how do you know ? mr. garindi everyone be dead there . the dog eat the body in the street . I have to go . paul I will give you my house . the businessman turn back . paul ( cont 'd ) it 's a fine house . here be a paper . Paul spot a elegant woman carry laundry toward the elevator . he run to she . p paul ( cont 'd ) Madame kawunda , please . Paul lead she over . paul ( cont 'd ) I need you to witness this signature . ( to the businessman ) Madame kawunda be the Minister for Agriculture . she be a very reliable witness . Paul sign , then hand the pen to the puzzle woman . paul ( cont 'd ) please witness this deed . she sign . Paul push the deed into the man 's hand . paul ( cont 'd ) there , now go and find they . they have no papers . no one know they be tutsi . they will be alive . 100 . the businessman head for the door . paul ( cont 'd ) you must be back by 7:00a.m. tomorrow . Paul watch he go . paul ( cont 'd ) Seven , remember . the Mr. garindi leave . ext . HOTEL garden . night Paul skirt the little group of poor family bivouack on the lawn . the smoke of cooking fire have replace the tiki lantern . the grounds be a mini refugee camp . Paul join tatiana , Odette and Jean baptiste who sit at a table by the pool . dette do not worry , Paul , we will make the next list . zozo arrive , with beer , serve they , be about to leave . tatiana grab he by the arm . tatiana sit with we Zozo . zozo no mar , be , I be too busy . paul Zozo you be family , join we . Zozo be shocked by this breach of protocol but sit . paul ( cont 'd ) you be my dearest friend . I promise you before God that I will not sleep until I have you out of here . all of you . he embrace Jean baptiste jean baptiste it be good that you be go , Paul , because now we know we have one person who will save we . Odette hug and kiss he . 101 . odette we owe you we life . Paul take Zozo in he arm . paul you be my family now , Zozo , my brother . I will get you out of here . zozo thank you , sir . paul let we remember this night and tell the world that even in hell there be good people . a unbreakable bond of faith with each other . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby . day the lucky family be gather : tatiana and all she child ; xavier and he wife ; benedict ; and other . some of the unlucky one peer around the door of the ballroom . a UN officer stand in they way . UN lieutenant back . everyone back . only that with letter of acceptance in the lobby . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day the UN convoy wait outside . tatiana wait nervously as Paul check he watch . tatiana a little longer , Paul ? paul we wait until 7:00 . if he be not here with the twin he be not come . we leave . that be you promise . go help the child . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul be in a horrible mood . the refugee in the ballroom try to push by the UN officer . Paul join he . 102 . UN lieutenant back , please . stay back . paul Zozo , tell that people to get back to the ballroom . they can not be here . Zozo scamper off . paul ( cont 'd ) what be we wait for ? come on . Paul herd the convoy people toward the door . close on : gregoire watch from behind the front desk . through the door we see the truck be load . Zozo return . zozo Sir , the other want to speak to you . reluctant , Paul walk over to the ballroom dweller . paul yes . tutsi woman good , sir we have letter , please take they for we . Paul reach out for the letter , take they , read the address : President Nelson mandela . Pope John paul. President Clinton . tutsi man # 1 if you leave , we be certain to die . zozo I have a letter , sir . Zozo hand Paul the letter . he study the address . it read " to the great man Muhammad Ali . " thers crowd around . paul I will get you all visa . I promise . I will get you out of here . Paul 's at a loss . he have to tear himself away . fraid to look back , he head for the convoy . 103 . ext . HOTEL lobby . day the last of the evacuee clamber onto the UN truck . the child be on board but tatiana wait . tatiana ask they to wait a little longer . for the twin . paul get on the truck , tatiana . tatiana no . he check he watch , then take she in he arm . paul look , we child be cry , please get on the truck . Paul help tatiana on board . he look toward the door . Pov : the unlucky refugee be now crowded at the window , lose soul watch out from they prison at the lucky one . Paul whisper to benedict as he board . int . truck day Paul clamber on beside he . he reach tatiana as benedict sit beside she . paul I have to stay . tatiana no ! sit down now . paul I can not leave this people . I will wait for the twin . Paul back off . tatiana try to follow . benedict grab she . tatiana let go . let I off this truck . a commotion as she try to get up . tatiana ( cont 'd ) let I go . Children get off . 104 . paul I will follow on the next plane . go. ext . HOTEL forecourt . day . the truck start up . Paul run beside it , shout to tatiana . paul I love you . keep the child safe . tatiana Paul ! then another voice . roger papa ! papa ! the convoy take off down the driveway . Paul , Zozo and other refugee cluster by the door . zozo look round , I see : gregoire put a phone down . int . UN jeep . day UN Colonel Oliver sit next to a UN pakistani driver . he convoy pass looter and small group of militia on the road but proceed unheeded . int . HOTEL paul' room . day the room be still litter with clothes , kid drawing , the personal junk accumulate over four week . Paul try to arrange thing , then collapse on the bed , paralyse with doubt - why do he do this ? then the door bang . zozo boss , sir , quick , please , come quick . int . HOTEL corridor . day the door spring open , Paul confront Zozo . 105 . zozo ( breathless ) Sir , the radio , you must hear , it be on the radio . int . HOTEL kitchen . day Paul and Zozo burst into the kitchen . the cook and other be cluster , listen to the radio . radio announcer ( o.s. ) ... block the road to the airport ! the cockroach from the mille colline be escape ! xavier . the liar benedict , the traitor rusesabagina 's cockroach . stop they now at rue Don bosco . thirty thousand francs for the head of xavier ! paul dear lord , how do they know ? zozo I see gregoire make a call , sir ? paul when ? zozo as the truck go . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul burst out of the kitchen - enraged . gregoire be at the front desk . see Paul - understand instantly . gregoire take off , run for he life . ext . HOTEL garden . day Paul chase after he , through the door . gregoire disappear into the thicket of tree . Paul after he . through the tree . gregoire , young , faster , climb the high wire fence . finally , Paul reach the fence . 106 . see gregoire escape into the bush on the other side of the fence . Paul give up , turn back toward the hotel . int . jeep travelling . day as the UN jeep turn a bend , Colonel Oliver sees crowd of interahamwe swarm from beside house , from garden . they pull burn tire , old furniture , junk onto the road . int . truck travelling . day the UN truck suddenly lurch , then slow . the refugee from the mille colline grow alarmed . tatiana what 's happen ? int . HOTEL office . day Paul be on the fax phone , begging . paul please , General , I will give you money , whiskey . general bizimungu ( o.s. ) you say you have no whiskey . paul please , I have money . they be drive into a ambush , it 's on the radio . ext . kigali STREET junction . day swarm of craze militia fill the road . gun fire break out . Colonel Oliver step from the jeep , wave he pistol in the air . m ilitia man swarm around he , push past to the truck . inside the truck : machete slashes through the canvas . hild scream , hand grab at people . benedict be haul off the truck . beaten . tatiana protect she kid in a corner , kick at the hand that grab for she . 107 . on the STREET : xavier fall to the ground . scream , shout , more shot . Oliver fight he way through to xavier . Oliver point he pistol . the crowd back off slightly . xavier get to he foot . bang - more gun fire . immaculata fall , wounded in the foot . more be drag from the truck . machete flash in the sun . then horn , gunfire - rwandan soldier drive through the crowd in two jeep . the crowd scatter , then re-form as rwandan soldier push between the militia and the refugee . as they do , another militia gunman step out , fire wildly at the refugee , but wound a rwandan soldier in the stomach . suddenly fight erupt between the militia and the soldier . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul pace up and down , he can hear gunfire in the distance . machine gunfire - then single shot . Paul jump in the van , gun the engine , drive . ext . HOTEL front gate . day . Paul 's van speed toward the gate . then - a loud metallic screeching noise as a UN jeep , its tire shot out , spark cascade from wheel rim , scream up to the guard house . Paul slam on the brake . the jeep be follow by the two truck , they canvas slashed flutter in the wind . Paul throw the van into reverse and clear the way . the convoy pull up in front of the hotel . bloody and batter , the terrify refugee fall from the truck . 108 . Paul and Odette run among the casualty . then he see they : tatiana , clothes tear , scratch on she face . the kid scream in terror . paul run to they , grab , kiss , weep louder . batter refugee everywhere , other hotel resident look on - equally terrify because : they know they be doom . Paul see Roger , tremble , tear soak he face . roger papa ! papa ! he grab Roger up . tatiana struggle to Paul , embrace . paul thank God you be safe . tatiana break from the embrace . tatiana do he bring the twin ? Paul shake he head no . ext . HOTEL garden . day Paul sit alone on he secluded bench in the garden . cloud of despair shroud he . as he watch several woman dip cooking pot into the pool . e hurry toward they . paul what be you do ? tutsi woman p there be no water from the pipe . paul head for the front door . he 's intercept by the two rwandan policeman station at the gate by bizimungu . gendarme here be we beer ? you promise we beer . paul do you explain to the good General that I have temporarily run out of stock ? 109 . gendarme he say to ask mitterand and the french to send you more . paul you will get it in due time . now , please , get back to the gate . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul enter , see Zozo . paul what be this about no water ? zozo it 's true , sir , the water have be turn off . int . HOTEL manager' office . day Paul enter . Odette , benedict watch CNN on the tv . paul shake he head in disbelief . paul we can still get CNN here in hell . a state department woman give a press conference . odette the Americans be talk about we . on tv : state dept . officer from the report we have receive from rwanda it appear that act of genocide have be commit . reporter Excuse I , how many act of genocide do it take to declare this a genocide ? state dept . officer I , ahh , there be , ahh we have terminology , that have be . 110 . brit reporter you have not answer the question . how many act of genocide before you government will declare this a genocide ? state dept . officer I be not prepare to , nor be I able . everyone in the room be dumbfounded . then benedict begin laugh , a maniacal laugh , then he bang on he chest , and hoot like a chimpanzee . benedict I have get it . I have the answer . watch . they all stare as he begin beat he chest , and hopping about like a ape . benedict ( cont 'd ) we must become mountain gorilla . then they can put we on the endangered species list . come on , try it . they think we be halfway there already . benedict hop up onto a desk . the door fly open . it 's General bizimungu . he survey the room , then point at Paul . general bizimungu come here . int . HOTEL corridor . day . bizimungu look terrible , a alcoholic suffer d.t.s. general bizimungu where be my supplies ? paul I be sorry , General . the cellar be empty . general bizimungu you have cockroach dance on table and you tell I the cellar be empty ? do they drink my whiskey ? paul no . we have no way of find other stock but I have money for you from the guest . 111 . Paul pull a bundle of note , hand they to the General . general bizimungu rwandan francs ! they be only good now for wiping you ass . there be nothing more I can do for you people . no police . no protection . you be on you own . the General storm off . int . lobby . day Paul walk through the lobby . he carry a ash tray to a trash can , the futile task of a dedicated hotel manager on auto-pilot . he see a UN jeep pull up outside . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day Paul meet the UN soldier , ( they be the four ghanian who guard the gate ) . they look frighten . UN observer the policeman have go . what happen ? paul I run out of whiskey . please go down and guard we . then roar of a engine and the crash of splintering wood . as a batter Toyota pickup appear , it race up the driveway . the truck drag the wooden gatehouse on a rope behind . craze militia pack the bed of the pickup . bang , bang , bang . a militia man fire a pistol into the air . the tutsi refugee campe on the lawn flee in panic as the militia truck speed around the driveway . the militia taunt and yell at the tutsi refugee . the truck do a screeching turn and head back down the driveway , leave a trail of splinter wood . paul ( cont 'd ) get down there and stop they , please . now the ghanian be really frighten . paul ( cont 'd ) get down and stop they . 112 . UN soldier you know we cannot shoot . paul what do you mean you can not shoot ? UN soldier we be peacekeeper , it be not in we mandate to shoot . paul then go and pretend you be soldier . ext . HOTEL garden . night Paul and tatiana pass the cluster of family around they cooking fire . they pass the pool , now just a third full . he sit she on the bench in the grove . tatiana we be almost out of water . paul we be almost out of everything . he take she hand . paul ( cont 'd ) we have a good life , you and I . I want to make we peace . to thank God for the time we have . he kiss she , total love . paul ( cont 'd ) we have to have a plan . tatiana what sort of plan ? paul we child can not see we die first . if the militia come , you must hurry up to the roof . I will meet you there . tatiana please do not talk like this . paul we have to . if I do not come , you must take they all by the hand and jump . she put she hand to she ear . he pull they down . 113. paul ( cont 'd ) the machete be no way to die . promise I you will do it . she cry harder and squeeze he hand in fear . uddenly , a bang , from behind they and then above they head a trail of fire - a rpg rocket - zigzag toward the hotel . a huge explosion on the wall , one - story beneath the roof . Paul throw tatiana to the ground , cover she . S moke and concrete dust fall around they . int . HOTEL store room . night Paul , Zozo stand amongst the debris : a gape hole in a wall . the room be cover in burn note papers , menus brochure for sabena 's two hotel , the mille colline and the diplomat . Odette appear carry she medical bag . odette be anyone hurt ? paul no . it be only a storeroom . ext . HOTEL forecourt . night Colonel Oliver arrive in he armored truck . Paul , Odette , benedict and other gather around he . paul they fire a rocket at we . colonel oliver yes . where be the rwandan police ? paul I run out of bribe . bizimungu take they away . colonel oliver that explain it . I be sorry to tell you this but we have hear rumor the militia be get ready to storm the hotel . paul will you protect we . 114 . colonel oliver I can not , I do not have the man . various voice we have no one ... we will be kill . colonel oliver there 's one option . paul what be it ? colonel oliver the rebel have fight they way into the city . they have many hutu prisoner . they be willing to exchange they for you all . odette will the hutu army agree ? colonel oliver I think so . they be in disarray now . the rebel be win , and the hutu high command be anxious to get some of they man back . tutsi woman how would we escape ? colonel oliver by convoy . xavier this time the militia will kill we . paul they will surely kill we here . it 's over here . we have to take the chance . tutsi woman no , we will be chop on the street . paul we will be chop here . the crowd disperse . Colonel Oliver take Paul aside . colonel oliver a man come to my headquarters , ask that I give you this . Colonel Oliver hand a letter . 115 . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) Paul , I need you to buy I a day or two . I do not have the fuel for this convoy . I will have to scrounge it . paul I can not . I have nothing leave to bribe with . can you man at the gate hold out for another day ? colonel oliver no , Paul , they be afraid . they have demand to be move back to headquarters now . paul give I they uniform . I will put people at the gate , in disguise . colonel oliver I wish I could , Paul . try to hold out . one more day . Colonel Oliver leave . they be nothing more Paul can do . int . HOTEL paul be room . night tatiana be beside he . he open the envelope , find he makeshift house deed and a note . paul it 's from garandi . ( read ) I be sorry . there be no hope for the twin . the old lady 's house have be destroy . int . HOTEL paul be room . night Paul sleep fitfully . it be almost dawn , then he sit up . paul the diplomat ! tatiana waken , startle . tatiana what 's wrong ? paul I have to go to the diplomat . 116 . int . office . dawn Paul be on the one work phone . paul General , sir . I be glad to find you . I have find you some supplies . general bizimungu ( o.s. ) whiskey ? paul the finest , and cognac , champagne . come and I will get they for you . general bizimungu ( o.s. ) I will be over . paul bring back you policeman ... ... but the line be already dead . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day bizimungu 's jeep arrive at the hotel . Paul greet he . paul we must go to the diplomat . general bizimungu get in . paul you police be at the gate ? general bizimungu after the diplomat ! Paul clamber in the back . int . jeep travelling . day the jeep turn away from the mille colline front gate . they travel at high speed along the road . then the driver sound he horn , because ... Paul see : a large crowd of militia march along the road toward the hotel , wave machete and stick . 117 . paul where be they go ? general bizimungu they can go where they want . they be in charge now . paul what do you mean , General ? general bizimungu we have decide to move the government to gitarama . paul when ? general bizimungu today . ext . / int . diplomat HOTEL . day Paul arrive into the lobby of the diplomat . looter have stripped the place bare . the convoy pull up . General bizimungu stand with he pistol out . the looter see he and disperse . general bizimungu maggot ! int . diplomat HOTEL office . day Paul enter the manager 's office , follow by the General . it have be stripped clean , except for the safe , which be pock -mark with bullet strike . lose on : Paul : he see a big problem . the dial be damage . general bizimungu do you work . Paul go to the safe and turn the dial , try the handle - nothing . it be incredibly hot , and Paul be soak with nervous perspiration , he take off he jacket . paul it might be damage , General . bizimungu 's look say : it better not be for you sake . 118. Paul start again , turn the dial more carefully , try and open the safe door . click . he pull it open , see six bottle of glenfiddich , four bottle of vsop brandy . bizimungu be joyous as Paul hand he a bottle bizimungu sit on a window ledge , take a swig . general bizimungu here. ( offer ) to celebrate . paul take a swig . general bizimungu ( cont 'd ) you know what the Scottish call it ? paul no . general bizimungu ishca baha - the water of life . I go on a tour once of the finest single malt distillery in the world . have you ever be to Scotland ? paul no , sir . general bizimungu wonderful country , wonderful golf . I wonder - will I ever go back ? what do you think ? paul I hope we all get to do many thing . can we go now ? the soldier arrive with a box . he whisper to bizimungu . general bizimungu ( to the soldier ) pack that carefully , put they in my jeep , and guard they . paul ( loose he cool ) please , General , call and put you policeman back at the gate . the soldier pack the bottle . bizimungu pour into Paul 's cup . 119 . general bizimungu I be go to do you a great favor . ( study glass ) I be go to take you with we to gitarama . paul I do not want to go to gitarama , General . general bizimungu you can not go back to the hotel . the crazy man be go there now . better to come with I . Paul be now terrify . paul the militia be at the hotel ?! we must go back now , General , please , for my family . bizimungu , now tipsy , drink more . general bizimungu we be better here . paul ( desperate , forceful ) listen , you need I . bizimungu laugh . paul ( cont 'd ) you be a mark man . general bizimungu how so . paul the Americans , and the UN they have you as a war criminal . you be on a list . general bizimungu I be on a list ! what list ? paul when the european leave , they soldier gather list . bizimungu grab Paul . general bizimungu you lie . 120 . paul if you do not help I , you will stay on that list . general bizimungu I commit no war crime . paul who will tell they ? you need I to tell how you help the hotel . the other who have go , they blame you for all they misfortune . they say you lead the massacre . general bizimungu ( nervous now ) I lead no massacre . paul you think they will believe you ? eneral bizimungu you will tell they the truth . paul ( defiant ) I will do nothing unless you help I now . bizimungu reach for he pistol . paul ( cont 'd ) what be you go to do , shoot I ? it will be a bless . go ahead shoot . I will pay you to shoot my family . you can do nothing to I ! bizimungu jump up , grab Paul , pull he . general bizimungu you will tell they I do nothing . ext . diplomat HOTEL . day Paul and bizimungu rush out to the jeep . int . jeep travelling . day Paul almost overcome with anxiety . bizimungu worried . ext . HOTEL forecourt . day militia swarm around the front of the hotel . 121. the jeep race through , scatter they . they screech to a halt . several refugee sit , huddle and batter . bizimungu jump out , snatch a a.k. from a soldier , fire in the air . general bizimungu get back ! ( to he soldier ) get they out of here . paul do not wait . int . HOTEL lobby . day Paul race into the hotel , past frighten refugee who flee . then Paul see a face he recognize . it 's gregoire with the militia ! Paul duck into the stairway . in the stairwell he leap the stair four at a time . he make it to the third floor , push past frighten refugee who race down the stair . on the third floor he run straight into a bunch of young militia . militiamen rusesabagina . show we rusesabagina . they shove Paul along the corridor . militiaman # 1 show we the manager . he wear a suit . paul they have he in the lobby , go quickly . the killer race off . Paul get to he foot and run . int . paul be room . day Paul burst in . the place be a mess . and it 's empty ! paul oh God , please Lord . in the corridor he careen out of the room . 122. and see gregoire come with a group of militia . gregoire that 's he . that 's rusesabagina ! they charge toward Paul . then a roar of gunfire . the ceiling and wall around gregoire explode . General bizimungu 's man run up with weapon draw . hutu soldier get out , or I will shoot you . Paul rush to the stair . more gunfire echoe ( soldier clear the militia ) . at the stair - Paul race upward , fall , push past other struggle to get down . at the roof - now , there be clump of refugee who have fle up there , include xavier who huddle in a corner . paul tatiana ! oh God . have you see tatiana ? Paul run to the edge of the roof , look over . sees : body - woman , and child , still , on the ground beneath , by a row of hedge . paul ( cont 'd ) ( scream in agony ) tatiana ! the body move , look up , it 's not they . it 's refugee hide . Paul , delirious with fear , run along the parapet . below he see soldier herding the militia . he run back to the stair . inside the staircase : he jump four stair at a time . inside the corridor : Soldiers be chase off the militia . to he room : Paul stagger in , craze with fear . he look under the bed . into the bathroom - empty . he 's about to run out again , see the connect door to the adjoin hotel room be slightly open . 123. into the adjoining room : it 's empty , then a whimper . from the bathroom , he move in , cautious . in the bathroom : nothing . he move over , pull back the shower curtain . reveal : a cluster of woman and child , the older one hold hand over the mouth of the young one . and there at the back : tatiana and he kid . paul ( cont 'd ) it 's alright , they be go . tear , hug , woman tremble . ext . HOTEL forecourt . dawn the grey of dawn , before the sunrise . Colonel Oliver in he jeep lead a convoy of UN truck past the guard house and bizimungu 's police and up the drive . CUT to : the UN truck park in front of the hotel . tutsi refugee file up and be help on board by UN soldier . Paul help tatiana and the child onto a truck . a argument break out towards the back of the convoy . Paul rush toward xavier and benedict who argue . xavier they should go one truck at a time . when the first truck get through to the airport , then the other will follow . paul we can not wait . we all go together or not at all . Paul take matter into he own hand . he lock the door of the hotel . there be no go back . paul ( cont 'd ) it be time to leave . the mille colline be close . Paul climb onto the truck . the other follow , some reluctantly . Colonel Oliver give the signal . 124 . the truck take off down the driveway . int . truck travelling . day Paul now at the front of the truck watch out through a slice in the canvas . sees , the convoy pull out of the mille colline . they travel along the road . turn a corner , and the truck slow ... paul sees : a great mass of hutus fill the road : militia , kid , soldier discard uniform . no longer a mob , but a crush of hutu refugee now flee toward they , flee the advance of the rebel army . a crowd of militia man wave they arm , shout at the truck . colonel oliver do not stop . push through . the driver reluctantly speed up . a break in the mass of hutu refugee . then gun FIRE ahead . Children begin cry , it become infectious , spread to Paul 's child , some of the woman . then ahead , a gang of militia man break from the bush beside the road . they be run fast toward the truck , some carry rifle . there 's more gunfire behind . the militia be almost upon they now . Colonel Oliver have he pistol draw . colonel oliver ( cont 'd ) keep go . the militia be at the truck . but they run straight past ! 125 . as a platoon of tutsi rebel soldier ( in bush camouflage and red and blue headband ) burst from the brush . pursue , careful , professional . paul it 's the rebel . the cry stop . Silent disbelief . paul ( cont 'd ) we have make it ! cheer break out . Children frighten again by the sudden euphoria break into cry of joy . a rebel soldier wave he AK 47 in the air . ext . kigali soccer stadium . day the truck crawl into the chaos of the stadium , a mass of refugee , the wounded , lose child , abandon old people , hundred cramme together . Paul , tatiana , and the other clamber off the truck . they hug , cry , a outpour of relief . then tatiana spot someone among the crowd . she rush over . tatiana have you see my sister feden ? head shak `no ' . tatiana move on , more frantic , push through the crowd . tatiana two little girl , twin , a old woman have they . more ino ' now she 's desperate , push , trip through the crowd , and around she we see other do the same , then oger ( o.c. ) mama , mama . he reach she , pull at she dress . roger mama , wait . she take he hand . 126 . roger no , mama , look . tatiana turn .... and see Paul carry the twin in he arm . she squeal with joy , run to he , snatch one from he arm . tatiana oh , my baby . paul ( cont 'd ) anais , it be so good to see you . carine I be carine ! anais ( in tatsi 's arm ) and I be anais ! they laughter mix with tear of joy among the crush mass of survivor . freeze fade to black : the genocide ended in late JUNE 1994 , when the tutsi rebel defeated the hutu army and militia . two million hutus fled into the neighboring congo in the largest single exodus of the twentieth century they left behind almost one million corpse . ------------------------------------------ photo of : GEORGE rutagunda George rutagunda be convict of crime against humanity . he be now serve a life sentence in a tanzanian jail . photo of : general bizimungu Augustin bizimungu escape with the hutu militia to the congo . in August , 2002 he be capture in angola . a UN war crime tribunal have charge he with crime against humanity . 127 . photo of : thomas and feden Thomas ' and feden ' body where never find . Paul adopt they twin daughter . photo of : paul ( the lead actor ) paul rusesabagina : save the life of all one thousand two hundred rwandan refugee who take shelter at the mille colline Hotel . photo turn to photo of real paul and he family . Paul , tatiana , the twin , and all they family now live in Belgium , where Paul own and operate two taxi cab . freeze - the end