a mighty heart screenplay by John orloff base on the book by mariane Pearl final shoot script shoot script - 25th August 2006 pink revision - 27th September 2006 Blue revision - 11th October 2006 this script be the confidential and proprietary property of paramount vantage , and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote , or publish without prior write permission . note on our approach . give the emotional power of the film come from the fact that it be a true story , we have try to be as accurate as possible to the chronology of the real event . Real event do not come in the neatly shape package of conventional drama . they be disorganise , sometimes random , often without explanation . we feel that not only be it more honest to remain true to this event , but it will also add a sense of authenticity . we want the audience to trust that they be see a accurate account of what happen . if they be convinced the film be authentic the emotional power of the film come from the real , terrible situation that mariane and Danny find themselves in . we main source of information be obviously mariane 's book . however we have also talk to all the key character before make the film . we have meet with mariane , asra , randall bennett , Zahoor , asif the fixer , jameel yusuf , Captain , bussey , dost and communicate with Steve levine . each meeting add extra detail to the story . give this approach to the overall story tell it be obviously important that the detail within the scene also seem natural , spontaneous and honest . the dialogue script be therefore a blueprint . a start point for the actor , give a guide to the content of the scene . when we have cast the actor we would expect they to spend time with the real character , get to know they , hearing how they talk , get detail of they personal storey , see they point of view on the event of that time . when we film the scene in asra 's house - the heart of the story - we will film on location in Pakistan or India . we will shoot in chronological order , allow the actor to build relationship with each other that mirror the relationship the real character have . the camera be hand hold , natural lighting be use where possible , allow the actor the freedom to go where they want to go , to improvise when they want . often in the script a scene may be boil down to three or four line of key dialogue . this may well be what end up in the finish film . but during the filming we usually shoot the whole scene as it would naturally happen . and we shoot the whole scene on each take to allow a natural rhythm to develop . it also mean the scene can change and develop with each performance . we therefore have a huge choice of material when it come to the edit . however , the intention be that the editing should be crisp and fast , create the pace of a thriller . so , although the script be currently 140 page , we expect the film to run somewhere between 100 and 110 minute . this be a approach we have use before on film such as the road to guantanamo , tristram shandy , 24 hour party people and wonderland . 1a 1b a mighty heart a black screen we hear the sound of a baby cry . maybe he first cry . mariane ( v.0o . ) this film be for Adam . so that he know he father be not a hero but a ordinary man . a ordinary hero . exi_karachi day 1a we start high above the sprawling city . we see the noise , the traffic , the people , the energy , the chaos of Karachi street . and we hear mariane 's voice : mariane ( v.o. ) Karachi . one of the biggest city in the world . the main port of entry to , and departure from , Pakistan . there be so many people in this city that no one know how to count they . how would you find one man amongst all this ? we see danny be drive in a car as it dodge in and out of the traffic . caption : 15.50 23rd January 2002 = 'o = 1b the car pass the skinny guard at the guardhouse of a private road in the Defence area of the city , pull up outside a large house protect by its own gate and guard . daniel get out of the car which drive away as he go into the house . omitted 2 - " ss - 3 danny hurry through the house , call out to let people know he be home . he see asra ( 308 ) a petite and fair - skinned indian woman with a american accent . danny hi. asra hi there . how 's it go ? danny smile at asra . we sense the easiness and warmth between the two long - time friend . danny good . where 's mariane ? asra in bed I think . danny rush to they room . the bedroom be decorate with flower and scent candle , with danny 's clothes scattered everywhere from he suitcase in the corner . mariane be lie in bed . danny hi . how be you feel ? mariane sweaty . fat ... it 's so hot . he go to the window , a little girl - kashva - be play in the courtyard . Danny wave hello and draw the curtain . danny this time tomorrow we will be in a beautiful air-condition hotel in Dubai . danny lie down next to she . mariane I like it here . he nuzzle she neck . danny mmmmm ... my sweaty smelly , fat pregnant wife ... they kiss . mariane how be you day ? danny not bad . I have only half a hour then I have to go back out . mariane I too . pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 4 he wriggle down the bed and kiss mariane 's tummy . he whisper something to the baby inside . danny I have think of a name for he . he slide back up the bed and kiss she on the mouth , very gently . mariane what ? danny Adam . what do you think ? mariane ( not impressed ) Adam ? he pretend to be annoyed . danny what 's wrong with Adam ? mariane why Adam ? danny it 's a good name . then start to tickle she and kiss she . we leave they laugh and kissing . int - asra' office - day caption : 16.30 23rd January 2002 asra be write when danny come in , put he phone on charge and check he e-mail . danny do you know where the hq of cybernet be ? asra yeah . danny be it far ? asra no . why ? pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 4a danny you know Richard reid - the shoe bomber ? I have get a email address for he contact .. he handler . cybernet the service provider . asra ok . danny see the confirmation of they flight to Dubai . ek ee + pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 5 5a a few minute later 5 a asra be on the phone to the Sheraton car office . danny hurry through collect he belonging . asra the Sheraton have not any car today . danny really ? mariane appear from she room - collect all she stuff . mariane I need one as well . asra I know . I know . i’1l have to get shabir to get you two taxi . sorry . danny appear again . danny that 's fine as long as he 's quick . I can not be late . danny hold a tape recorder . mariane see it . mariane make sure it 's yours ! asra . you go to be back for dinner tonight ? danny sure . I may be a little late . mariane do not be . I be cooking . 6 ext - defense phase 5 gate - day 6 danny and mariane be wait for shabir . danny look at he watch , and start to pace a little , craning he neck , hope to see a cab at any moment . mariane notice he impatience . mariane there he be ! pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 danny turn and see two cab come they way , shabir riding he bike in front of they . 5a danny open the door of the first cab . he look at mariane apologetic . danny I be really late . as he be about to get in , danny cup mariane 's neck , pull she to he , and kiss she cheek . he look at she for a beat then he jump in the back of the cab . and he be go . the second taxi be drive by a little old man with a white beard . asra appear to give he instruction . asra ( in urdu ) kheyal karoe ( take care of she ) asra ( to mariane ) see you later . mariane yes . bye . ext_- karachi street - day danny in the taxi check he have everything he need . maybe he look a little tense . ext _- karachi street - day mariane in the taxi be drive to she interview . ext_ - the court view apartment - day mariane 's taxi pull up outside a a crumble block of lawyer office . the driver help she out . mariane wait here ok ? he nod . mariane you will wait ? driver yes . 10 ini_ - karachi street ~ day 10 danny sit in the back of the taxi . he 's anxious because he 's run late . caption : 17.05 23rd January 2002 11 int_ - the court view apartment — day 11 a mini tape recorder . the reel turn . mariane be interview a pakistani man , the director of a organization call lawyer for human rights and legal Aid . he look exhaust . behind the director , various poster line the wall : veile woman hide behind they hand . Little girl with mark of beating ... director ( mid-conversation ) + ++ well we be not really sure about exact number . in the rural area people do not speak up . we be not just fight religious fundamentalism , but a combination of tribalism , retrogressive cultural value , and a criminal justice system in a state of deep rot . it will take time . 12 = 's = 12 danny shake kaleem 's hand . caption : 17.15 23rd January 2002 kaleem tea ? danny no thanks . thank you for see I like this . kaleem no problem . caption : kaleem yusuf : head of the citizen - police liaison committee danny I come to ask you advice . 13 14 kaleem Fire away . danny I be suppose to be meeting Sheikh gilani today . I just want to know if it be safe ? kaleem where be you meeting he ? danny the Village restaurant . you know it ? kaleem of course . danny 's phone ring . danny hello ? danny listen to the person on the other end of the phone . Danny be serious , listen to instruction . it be someone connect to the gilani meeting . danny I will be there . yes . danny switch the phone off . danny sorry . kaleem no problem . stay in a busy place and you should be fine . but be careful . danny I will . danny know that he will probably have to leave the restaurant in order to meet gilani . ext _- the court view apartment ~ day 13 mariane hurry out of the building . the taxi driver be there , wait by he car . ext = street — day 14 mariane 's taxi be drive through the noisy Karachi street . she be on she cell phone , talk to asra . 15 16 17 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 9 mariane I ' 1l see you in the supermarket . ok ? I will be there in - I do not know - ten minute ? ext /int cybernet headquarters day 15 the cybernet hq be on a busy street in central Karachi . Danny 's car wait as he go inside . caption : 17.45 23rd January 2002 int - office - day 16 danny be talk to a technical supervisor . danny I be try to find a person who be use cybernet as he isp . I have the e-mail account name and I be wonder if you would be able to give I the ip number or the name of the account holder ? technician it 's possible . but that information be private . int - agha' supermarket — dusk 17 mariane and asra be in the vegetable section , shopping for the big dinner . mariane 's cell phone ring . mariane search through she purse , retrieve it , see it 's danny . mariane hi ... danny hi . where be you ? mariane we be at the market ... yes , picadillo . how be cybernet ? danny ok . they would not say much . privacy issue . how be you feel ? * pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 10 mariane ok . bit of a headache . what time will you be back ? danny about 9.00 I think . do not wait for I . I be just on my way to see gilani now . mariane ok . we will see you later . take care . danny bye. 18 ext - street ~ dusk 18 the city be rush to make it to prayer before the sun set . Street vendor be pack up , the traffic be terrible , and pedestrian ( overwhelmingly male ) crowd the sidewalk . danny be in he taxi . he stare out of the window think about the meeting to come . caption : 18.30 23rd January 2002 danny dial a number . danny masud . it 's Danny ... yeah I be on my way .. the Village Restaurant . 19 int - ud ! e_ islamabad - dusk 19 we see a chubby , nervous look man . caption : masud the fixer masud be mariane go with you ? danny no. masud that 's good . 20 ext _- street karachi ~ dusk 20 danny be there a problem ? 21 22 23 will . masud no , it should be ok . just stay in a public place . danny I know . that 's what everyone say . masud that 's because it 's true . good luck . danny : thanks . we hear over city wide loudspeaker the call to prayer . muezzin ( sing ) ' all - ah u ak -bar ! = = 21 the guard lift the gate and wave through the taxi with asra and mariane . ext_ - village restaurant - dusk 22 danny get out of he taxi and go into the restaurant . insert : CNN / BBC tv news footage of the build up of troops on the India / Pakistan border . reporter : Pakistan and indian troops still mass on the dispute Kashmir border despite Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf 's recent speech promise to prevent terrorist operate from Pakistan territory . = 's = 23 the tv be on in the background as mariane , asra , and nasrin all chop vegetable . mariane be prepare she picadillo ( a Cuban bean and rice dish ) and plantain . kashva silently watch from a chair across the room . caption : 20.00 23rd January 2002 mariane take out she cell phone and quickly dial a number . it ring then : 24 12 . recording on phone ( female robotic - first in urdu , then in English ) you correspondent cannot be reach at this moment . please try again later . mariane frown and hang up . - ' = = 24 the guest - clean -shaven handsome young men in tailore suit and young women elegant in simple black outfit , all from the Karachi money elite - be seat around the table . they smoke and drink beer buy from a bootlegger and eat the dish of picadillo mariane have prepare for they . they be boisterous and cheerful , they mixing of urdu and English punctuate by laughter . asra be in mid-flow . asra ++. and he deliver the chicken biryani within half a hour like he promise he would . I take it as a sign from God . this society be capable of be functional after all . asra exchange a warm glance with azfar , one of the young men . she 's obviously in love . mariane be distract . male guest 1 this be excellent . mariane it 's a Cuban dish . male guest 1 be that where you be from ? mariane no , my mother 's from there . I be from Paris . male guest 2 so where be the c.i.a. agent ? several of the guest laugh . 25 25 a 26 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 13 male pakistani guest 1 all american journalist be c.i.a be not they ? asra really ? I work for the Wall Street Journal . do that make I a american spy ? azfar no . you be a spy for India , my little indian maiden . asra give azfar a annoyed look . she know how deep the paranoia run in Pakistan , a fragment country on the boil . mariane be get more tense about danny and look at the clock : 10.40 . male guest 1 do you think Americans know anything about Pakistan ? or Afghanistan - except how to bomb it ? asra well that 's the point of be a journalist . to let people know . mariane get up from the table and take some plate through to the kitchen . int - kitchen - night 25 mariane have she ear to the phone . recording on phone ( female , robotic voice ) you correspondent cannot be reach at the moment . please try ... she hang up with a grow feel of dread . ext - asra' house - night 25 a asra and azfar say goodbye to they guest as they leave . int - asra' house ~ dine room - night 26 mariane come into the room as azfar be lighting up a joint . * pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 14 azfar he 's probably out of town . in a madrassa . azfar hand the joint to asra who refuse . azfar when you get out of Karachi you get out of reach , you know ? mariane he would call I . I be go to check he computer . mariane head for asra 's office . asra go with she leave azfar smoking dope . 27 int - asra' office - night 27 mariane sit down and power danny 's computer . asra sit next to she . mariane 's eye anxiously scan danny 's e-mail . mariane here .... from bashir . a e-mail from chaudrey bashir Ahmad shabbir . mariane he 's the guy who arrange Danny 's meeting with gilani tonight . mariane scan the e-mail . we see that bashir have give danny a contact number for someone call imtiaz siddique - a mureed or disciple of gilani suppose to take danny to gilani . '' I will arrange a appointment with the Sheikh in Karachi ... he will give I the number of one he mureed whom you can call ... the mureed will take you to see he '' . asra be lean over mariane 's shoulder . she be puzzle by something she see . asra that 's weird . mariane what ? asra his e-mail address . ' nobadmashi ' . it mean ' no wrongdo 's in urdu . mariane frown . et pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 mariane let 's try the number . 15 . asra what 's the number ? she look over mariane 's shoulder , see the number and dial . asra nothing . it 's be disconnect . that 's not good . mariane continue scrolling through danny 's e-mail . several of they be from bashir . we see glimpsis of they : azfar appear in the doorway . azfar I have to work in the morning . ( to marjane ) do not worry , they have probably ask he to stay for the night . they will not want to drive back so late . ( smile reassuringly ) he will be here in the morning . mariane ignore azfar who go to asra 's room . asra who be this bashir guy ? mariane Danny meet he a couple of week ago . 28 int_= chez soi guest house - night ( flashback ) 28 mariane be asleep in bed when danny walk out of the bathroom and get into bed . mariane hey . danny I miss you . mariane groan , half asleep . mariane how be it ? danny interesting . danny cuddle up to mariane from behind , ' spoon 's she . danny it 's always interesting to see how other people 's mind work . 29 16 . martane so you meet he ? danny gilani ? no. someone who say he know gilani . the usual story . he kiss she neck gently . danny go back to sleep . mariane grimace and sit up , one hand on she pregnant belly . mariane I have to pee . half asleep , she head to the bathroom . danny look lose in he own thought . . - 29 mariane and asra look at more of bashir 's e-mail : '' thank you very much for you article '' , " my wife be back from hospital '' , '' you can call my brother 's mobile no . 0300 - 9486929 . I think I give you my other brother 's number last time only to return home and find out he have sell it ! '' , '' it be sad you be leave Pakistan so soon '' . mariane it 's strange . Danny say bashir be pretty offhand . but here he 's extra friendly . asra let 's try gilani . mariane type into the search engine : sheikh gilani . on the computer screen , lot of hit . mariane select one . we see photo and headline describe the activity of gilani and he group . mariane read from the screen . mariane gilani head a group call the jamaat Al - fuqra .... most of he follower be in the United States ... they aim ... to purify Islam through violence ... we see quick flash of article about Al - fuqra . 17 . mariane 10 unsolve assassination . 17 fire -bomb case between 1979 and 1990 . asra shit . video news footage of the 1993 bombing of the world trade centre . mariane suspected to have connection to terrorist who bomb the World Trade Center in 1993 ... see boston globe article mariane +... have send fighter to wage Jihad against indian rule in Kashmir , against Russians in Chechnya , serb in Bosnia and to fight Israelis . mariane be stunne . mariane I do not know gilani be that serious . danny get in that last cab from that afternoon . he smile at mariane . and then he 's off . CUT back to : mariane why do not he tell I ? asra he do not want you to worry . mariane he always tell I everything . he never hide anything from I . never . asra why do Danny want to meet gilani ? mariane he be research a story on Richard reid - the shoe bomber . Blue revision - llth Oct 2006 18 see a brief clip of news footage of richard reid - the british man who try to blow up american Airlines flight 63 . mariane the Boston Globe claim reid be connect to gilani . mariane re-dial danny ' 's number . she hang up after the first word or two . mariane look up at asra . mariane do we call the police ? asra make a face . asra I do not know if they can be trust . mariane we have to trust someone . it 's pitch black outside . the place be very quiet . mariane sit back at the computer , gather she thought . she scroll through danny ''s e-mail . asra pick up the phone . asra I know a reporter for jang . i’1l try he . mariane do not jang support the jihadi ? asra that 's why he might know something . caption : 00.25 24th January 2002 mariane be hang on asra 's every word , try to guess what be be say as asra speak to the reporter in urdu . asra hang up . asra he do not know anything about Danny . but another journalist be miss . ghulam hasnain , a stringer for time Magazine . 30 19 . mariane : do he think there 's a link with Danny ? asra he do not know . caption : 01.00 24th January 2002 mariane be on the phone again . bailey ( v.0 . ) ( sleepy ) the american consulate - corporal Bailey speak . how can I help you ? mariane hello my name be mariane Pearl . the sound of a car out front . mariane and asra rush to the window hopefully . someone be be drop off across the street from a night of party . they blunder out of the car , laugh . it 's not danny . martiane I be call because my husband be miss . he be suppose to be back at nine . he 's a journalist . he ... ok ... ok . thanks . mariane hang up . asra look at she . mariane '' call back in the morning '' . we should speak to they diplomatic security special agent , randall bennett . mariane 's hand absently go to she belly . asra let 's call the Journal . int_ - wall STREET journal newsroom — day 30 the chaos of a large open - plan busy newsroom . a cacophony of ringing phone . staff mill about or sit glue to they computer , they desk decorate with little stuff animal , family photo etc ... asra John bussey please . JOHN bussey - the foreign editor - pick up he ringing phone . Blue revision - 11th Oct 2006 20 bussey hello ? asra John ? it 's asra . bussey hi asra . how 's the book go ? 31 int _- asra house -~ night 31 asra pace the room as she talk . asra it 's 0 k but I be with mariane in Karachi . Danny have not come back from a interview he would set up last night . bussey : who be the interview with ? as asra continue she conversation with bussey , mariane 's eye silently scan through a e-mail from danny 's mother RUTH : 1/22/2002 3:18pm to : '' Pearl , Danny '' < danny.pearl@wsj.com > from : '' R. Pearl '' < jpearl@ucla.edu > subject : re : hi from Karachi ce : bcc : x-eudora - signature : << no default >> hi , >we be in asra 's beautiful house in Karachi , feel like > we be on holiday - though I be actually work on the same >old terrorism story . < say hello to asra . I assume you can be reach on you cellular there . how long be you go to stay in bombay ? > everything okay with you ? yes , as good as new . Blue revision - llth Oct 2006 20 a I read that stress , especially on the 26th week of pregnancy , when the brain develop , can cause autism in the child , take good care of you wife and make sure not to stress she out ( include not to tell she about this ) . have a safe trip . Love , Mom . bussey look - maybe he 's just be pick up by the police or the ist . asra it 's possible . bussey : I will contact Washington . get they prime . let I know if you hear anything or you need anything . ok ? asra listen to bussey and hang up . mariane look at asra . the grim fact of what be happen be sink in . a very bad feel . mariane ( blankly focus ) I be go to call he parent . ee ek 32 Blue revision - 11th Oct 2006 21 int _- mariane and danny's room - night 32 it 's still pitch black outside . mariane stand in they room alone , surround by danny 's thing , on the phone to danny 's parent . she 's try to keep herself focus and calm . someone pick up the phone on the other end . RUTH - danny's mom hello ? mariane Ruth ? it 's mariane . there 's a pause . RUTH ( sense something be amiss ) what 's wrong ? be everything alright ? mariane Danny go on a interview yesterday . he 's not back . danny 's father pick up and immediately join in the conversation . silence . danny's father mariane , it 's judea . have you call the embassy ? mariane it 's the middle of the night here . I be call they back in the morning . judea who be he interview ? mariane a religious leader . call Sheikh gilani . judea do anyone there know we be jewish ? mariane ( lie ) no . I do not think so . 33 34 22 . _ , - - 33 danny and mariane sit in khalid khawaja 's office . danny be interview khawaja - a ex ISI pilot and friend of Bin Laden -. caption : 10th January 2002 danny be take note in a shorthand only comprehensible to he . khawaja you know who be behind the attack on the World Trade Centre ? danny who ? khawaja the Jews . mossad be the only one who would have have the mean to organize such a event . do you know that four thousand Jews who normally work in the tower do not show up that day ? danny stop take note . danny ( without irony ) really ? khawaja be take danny 's measure . khawaja what be you ? a Christian ? danny no. jewish . khawaja be you ? they stare at each other . - ' = 34 mariane come into the office , look pale and draw from the lack of sleep and drain with anxiety but intent on keep she emotion in check . caption : 05.58 24th January 2002 asra be dialling a number . 35 36 23 . asra ( on the phone ) as-salam alaykum . = : = 35 khalid khawaja freshly shower , wear traditional robe , answer the phone in he kitchen . his wife and several child be eat , prepare for the day , etc . caption : khalid khawaja khawaja walaikum salaam . : = = 36 mariane watch asra . ( intercut with khawaja as require ) asra I be sorry to call so early . I be with my friend mariane Pearl . her husband Danny Pearl be mean to meet with you friend Sheikh gilani last night at seven ... khawaja ( interrupt ) Sheikh gilani ? not possible . Sheikh gilani would never meet a western journalist . never . it 's against he belief . asra look at mariane surprised . mariane what ? khawaja maybe you should try the c.i.a . asra the CIA ? khawaja they probably take he to embarrass Pakistan in the eye of .... asra look frustrated but try to stay calm . mariane be restless , get edgy . 37 38 39 24 . asra put politics aside for a minute . mariane be pregnant . she 's worried sick . you have ... khawaja think about the plight of afghan woman whose husband be right now be kill by american bomb . think about the innocent afghan child that Americans be slaughtering every day . asra this have nothing to do with ... mariane ( frustrated ) what be he say ? they be interrupt by the morning call to prayer . we hear the muezzin 's voice in the distance , through loudspeaker throughout Karachi . - 's = 37 a muezzin in Islamabad be start the same call near khawaja . khawaja it be the call to prayer . I must go . khawaja hang up . _ ' - 38 asra hang up . asra the fucker . mariane dial danny 's cell number . her sense of dread grow . recording on phone ( female , robotic voice ) you correspondent cannot be reach at this ... ext - street of karachi - dawn 39 the street of Karachi at dawn . the sun a large red disk . the rooftop already ablaze . a city come to life . 40 41 42 43 25 . muezzin all -ah u ak -bar . all - ah u ak - bar ! Al - la ilaha ill all - ah ! = for = 40 mariane stand on the verandah , dial another number . she can see asra talk to a woman neighbour across the road . the woman a silhouette with a dupatta on she head . mariane can sense the hostility of the woman as she talk to asra . mariane randall bennett ? my name be mariane Pearl . I be the wife of Daniel Pearl , a journalist for the ... randall yes I know you husband . mariane you do ? randall I meet he yesterday . ext _- american consulate - day 41 danny 's taxi pull up at the barrier in front of the consulate . a pakistani guard come over to the taxi . danny roll down he window . danny I be here to see randall bennett . guard who be you ? danny Daniel Pearl , Wall street Journal . the guard go back to the gate to get permission to let danny 's car through . omitted 42 int - US consulate — day 43 randall bennett ( 50 's , in impressive shape , hair slicked back , a gold stud in he leave ear , dress all in black ) sit behind he desk . 26 . danny I want you advice . I be suppose to be meeting Sheikh gilani . I wonder whether you think that be a good idea . randall who arrange the meeting ? danny my fixer in Islamabad . randall be he with you ? danny no . I leave he in Islamabad . why ? you think there 's a problem ? randall well , I would not recommend it obviously . where be you meeting ? danny the Village Restaurant . 44 int_ - verandah - dawn 44 mariane pace on the verandah on the phone to randall . mariane he do not come home from the meeting last night . it 's be twelve hour . azfar be rush down the stair , late for work , he hair uncomb . mariane glance at he as he hurry out of the house without look at she . randall have you call the police ? mariane no . we do not know who to trust . randall okay . call lugman sadiq . he 's a friend . he 's deputy inspector general . and call kaleem yusuf at the citizen Police liaison Committee . they specialize in kidnap . they be good people . 45 46 a7 48 27 . - ' - 45 up and down the street , neighbour get into they car and start leave for work . the banal start of a new day . asra be say goodbye to azfar in the garden . as she reach for he hand he pull it quickly away afraid of people see . = 's = 46 asra walk back in . mariane I speak to randall bennett . mariane hand asra the list of name and phone number randall have just give she . mariane he say they can be trust . asra pick up the list , look dubious . = '' = 47 nasrin crouch and sweep the floor . kashva , she daughter , barefoot , stand , watch the world with a curious round stare . asra and mariane , shower and dress . mariane read out name and number as asra write they down on some paper -— reid , gilani , bashir , masud .. the place have be clear from the previous night 's debris . pick up on mariane dial yet another number . caption : 08.00 24th January 2002 int_ - masud 's house in islamabad - day 48 a phone ring insistently . masud - danny 's fixer - hold he cry baby girl in he arm , try to soothe she . masud 's wife appear , flustered and hold out the phone to he . she take the cry baby from masud into she arm . mariane masud ? it 's mariane . 28 . masud look worried . mariane Danny 's miss . he do not come home last night . masud glance at he wife who be try to calm the baby down . masud look upset . mariane do you have a number for bashir ? masud no ... I have a number for the contact who take we to bashir . 49 = t = = 49 asra sit next to mariane as she talk to masud . asra write thing / name down . mariane who be that ? masud a spokesman for the harkat-ul - mujahideen . mariane what be he name ? masud arif . mariane sigh . 50 int_ - taxi ~ night ( flashback ) 50 danny and masud be in the car . they see a man wait by the side of the pindhora road . masud tell the taxi to pull over . a young , sophisticated look man with a beard get in . this be arif . arif do you know the Hotel akbar in pindi ? masud of course . arif that 's where we be go . 51 52 int-__hotel akbar - night ( flashback ) 51 a man behind reception watch danny and masud as they wait whilst arif look for bashir . he return from the dining room with a skinny man with no beard . arif ( to masud ) this be he . danny hi. I be Danny bashir ( punjabi accent ) good evening . bashir take they up to he bedroom . int bedroom HOTEL akbar - night ( flashback ) danny and bashir sit opposite each other whilst masud and arif watch . bashir you know Sheikh gilani be a descendant of the prophet . he be a pir - a holy man . danny and you be one of he follower ? bashir yes . you know many of he follower be Americans . danny I know . bashir why do you want to meet he ? danny I want to write about he . bashir what do you want to write ? danny well , I can not know that until I meet he . bashir most journalist who be here just want to write storey about terrorism , 52 53 30 . danny wait . bashir be that what you want ? danny I just want to write the truth . _ ' - 53 asra write down : arif - jihadi spokesman mariane bashir ? he be a jihadi ? masud I do not know . I just meet he that once . mariane and arif ? masud I think so . he 's connect to jihadi . mariane and to al Qaeda ? masud it 's possible . mariane why do not you say anything to Danny ? that 's you job . to protect we ! masud mariane ... I do tell Danny . but he want to meet gilani . you know that . I will call arif . mariane call I straight back . she slam the phone down . mariane fuck . asra okay so there 's bashir and arif . mariane and siddique and gilani . 54 55 56 31 . asra we need a bigger sheet of paper . asra get out a large piece of paper and start to draw up a chart in order to visualize the sea of information and start to piece it all together . asra write down danny in the middle and all the name and information they have to date . telephone number , name of organization etc ... the phone ring . it 's masud . = ' = 54 masud be look worried . masud arif 's phone be switch off . mariane you have better get down here . you be the only one who have meet this people . the police be go to want to talk to you . masud mariane , you know I only want to help Danny . you have to protect I from the police . mariane just get down here masud . = " = 55 a phalanx of jeep and beat - up police car be slamm to a stop in front of asra 's house . the neighbour come out of they house to see what be go on . caption : 09.00 24th January 2002 = ' = 56 asra and mariane be hide the chart they have just begin as well as danny 's computer in the bedroom . asra decide to put she high heel party shoe back on in honour of they guest . downstair . Chaos . more than twenty pakistani policemen and army soldier -- uniform and plain clothed - rifle through the house , as though danny be hide somewhere in a closet . 32 . sitting quietly to one side be a man who be watch all the activity . the man we will know as Captain . book be stack and unstack . cabinet be open and close . paper be read . kashva , barefoot and dirty , wander around amidst the chaos . the door bell keep on ringing . luqman sadiq talk into he phone in urdu . caption : luqman sadiq - karachi 's deputy chief of police mariane and asra observe the scene in disbelief . mariane how be this help to find Danny ? luqman sadiq approach mariane and asra . mariane ( to jamil ) why be not you comb the street of Karachi ? why be not you out try to find gilani ? luqman sadiq Mrs. Pearl , we will make every effort to find you husband but we need to know a bit more about he purpose here . mariane purpose ? he 's a journalist for the Wall Street Journal . the door bell ring again . luqman sadiq walk off to greet someone at the door . there 's a air of excitement amongst the man . this be a high profile case . kamal shah have arrive . he be in charge of Karachi police . luqman talk in urdu to he man but then notice asra listen and realize she understand . he lower he voice . a officer hand lluqman danny 's notebook . jamil look through the page fill with danny 's incomprehensible shorthand and hand they back to the officer point he to mariane . the officer walk up to she . officer 1 can you read that ? 33 . mariane no . it 's a shorthand that my husband create for himself . no one can make any sense of it . officer 1 do you have a photograph of you husband ? mariane nod . a second officer , farooq , be examine asra 's passport . he talk to she in urdu . farooq ( speak in urdu ) you be bear in America ? asra ( speak in urdu ) no . farooq ( tuning page of the passport , speak in urdu ) where then ? asra ( speak in urdu ) India . he look up at she , instantly suspicious . farooq ( speak in urdu ) India ? mariane search danny 's computer bag and pull out a set of recent id photo . danny be smile out at she . mariane 's heart sink as she see he face . tear come to the back of she throat but she collect herself . she hand the id snapshot to officer 1 . the farooq continue to question asra . farooq ( speak in urdu ) why be you in Pakistan ? asra ( speak in urdu ) I be research a book . luqman sadiq look at mariane without smile . luqman sadiq you be pregnant . 34 . mariane yes . I be . she be clearly not impressed . luqman sadiq can you tell I something ? be you husband a cautious man ? mariane feel what be imply . she hold he gaze coolly . mariane how do you mean ? asra walk to luqman and hand he she phone . asra this ig the foreign editor of the Wall Street Journal . he want to talk to you . luqman sadiq ( immediately deferential , on the phone to bussey ) let I assure you . the police will make every effort to find Mr. Pearl . mariane be not impressed by luqman sadiq . she notice two men who stand across the room watch she . one of the man - elegantly dress in a tailore suit - be in he mid forty . mariane hear a police officer call he captain . his hair and mustache be fleck with grey . there 's something noble about he . a certain gravitas that immediately inspire the confidence mariane desperately need . a young man , dost , be with he , equally well - dress . they both look alert and focus , take in the scene . mariane approach the two men . captain ( show he id ) I be s.s.p. , c.i.d . and this be dost , m.i. mariane mariane Pearl . asra m.i .? military Intelligence ? be you guy Army ? captain I be Chief of C.I.D. 57 35 . mariane confuse wait for he to explain . captain : the unit in charge of counter - terrorism . randall bennett call I . mariane look at captain 's compose gaze . this be man she instinctively feel she can trust . captain look at asra 's shoe . captain ( to asra ) please take that off . mariane smile . asra take off she high heel . = 's = 57 lunchtime . the place be quieter after the morning mayhem . mariane , asra , captain and dost sit around the table . asra study dost and captain still try to decide whether they be any different from the other cop and whether they should be trust . captain when do you last see Danny ? ( a brief moment of danny get into the car . the look on he face as he wave mariane good - bye ) . mariane he leave here , it must have be around five . then I speak to he about six thirty . he call to check in and tell I where he be go . he always do . captain where be he go ? mariane the Village Restaurant . asra and mariane exchange a glance , they trust still tentative . how much should they tell ? mariane what do you know of Sheikh gilani ? dost who be he ? 36 . mariane look at captain and dost stunne , she beautiful trust already falter . how can they not know more ? asra : I think you say you be intelligence ? mariane 's cell ring . she pick up . mariane hello ? frustrate , she move to another part of the room to take the call . captain light a cigarette . asra be look at dost and captain , she trust also waver . dost I be in New York on September the llth . asra you be ? dost with Captain . we be there for a anti-terrorist conference . asra you be kid ? dost no . mariane be pace on the phone to randall . mariane I feel great . my husband have be kidnap and no one know anything about the people he be meeting and you be sit in a office somewhere do nothing . 58 int=__us consulate - day 58 randall stand , pace around in he office as he talk to mariane . he have a intent focus look in he eye . randall mariane , you have to calm down . I be not do nothing . I be get people to work on Danny 's case . 59 60 37 . he look out into the gated consulate yard and then turn back to he desk . mariane who ? randall 's desk be pile with a number of file . there be one file open which we assume to be danny 's . his voice be calm and steady . randall look I ’1ll be over as soon as I can . = 's = 59 mariane put the phone down . she look over at captain . she make a decision . she have to trust someone . she instinctively feel that person should be Captain . mariane cross the room to he . mariane asra and I be you best ally . we be both journalist . we want to work with you . captain I would have it no other way Mrs. Pearl . I need you to be open with I . in return I will share any information I receive with you . captain watch she carefully . mariane glance across to asra to gauge she reaction . asra look doubtful but mariane continue . mariane we have Danny 's computer . and we have a chart . captain May I see they ? asra say nothing but we feel she reluctance . mariane yes . = t = 60 mariane pull the computer out of its hide place while asra open up the chart - a already tangle web of overlap connection give little away . 61 62 63 64 65 38 . captain it 's good . we start with three people . siddique who be to take Danny to gilani . bashir who introduce Danny to siddique . arif who take Danny to bashir . mariane but it 's so little no ? captain it 's a start . then there be masud the fixer . and Danny 's driver who take he to the restaurant . asra he get a taxi . there be no car available . shabir get the taxi . = 's = 61 dost be interview shabir . they speak in urdu . shabir ( speak in urdu ) I go to the two sword roundabout . to the taxi rank there . ext_ - two sword roundabout - day ( flashback ) 62 shabir on he bike be hire two taxi . shabir ( speak in urdu ) I get two taxi . one for the man and one for the lady . ext - two sword roundabout - dusk ( present ) 63 a whole group of uniformed police and a couple of plain clothes policemen be stop and question every taxi driver at the taxi rank . one of the plain clothes policeman we recognise from the house . he be farooq awan - captain 's assistant . omitted 64 = for = 65 captain look at mariane . 66 67 39 . captain how many month pregnant be you ? mariane six . captain and when do you last sleep ? mariane do not answer . captain and eat ? have a meal ? she do not say anything . captain so.. ( with a warm smile ) perhaps you should have something to eat and then get some sleep . the captain 's cell phone ring . he ignore it . he look into mariane 's eye . captain we will find you Danny . but you must take care of yourself and the baby . captain 's tone be that of a father , firm and calming . = t = 66 mariane lie in bed . she resist close she eye . she close she eye . peace . the scene be softly suspend . mariane lie in bed , safe , curl up in danny 's embrace . they be both naked . press against each other , spoon , each fitte to the other 's shape like two spoon in a drawer . mariane open she eye . not sure where she be . she do not know if she 's be asleep for five minute or the whole night . int - plane ~ night 67 masud be on the plane fly towards Karachi . the person sit next to he be asleep but masud can not sleep . 68 69 70 71 72 73 40 . ext / int - village restaurant - night 68 police be interview people who work there . some be be lead away for further question . = ' - 69 asra be lie on the couch by the telephone , half awake , half asleep . mariane be in she room . ext_ - karachi airport - night 70 a fat bald man with a almost comical handlebar moustache be wait for masud as he come out of arrival . this be noor . ext - asra house - dawn 71 two skinny police guard stand around , lean on wall and stare into the void , in the now empty and quiet house . caption : 06.30 25th January 2002 a car pull up and noor and masud get out . =. t = 72 the front door bell ring startling asra who lie asleep on the couch . mariane be already up and open the front door to masud who stand in front of she look nervous . the panic that have take hold of he soften mariane 's anger . but she face be show sign of severe sleep deprivation . masud hello mariane . mariane hello masud . mariane take one glance at noor . mariane I want to talk to masud myself . = 's = = 73 masud be sit across from asra and mariane , who be both in baggy t-shirt and sweatpant . asra have a notepad . 74 75 76 41 . she seem edgy . mariane seem calmer . masud look around nervously . masud mariane ... I be sorry . do you hear anything yet ? mariane no . asra just tell we what you know . masud look at the two women uneasy . mariane be watch he like a hawk . masud I want to help Danny . he want to meet gilani . int _- taxi islamabad - pindi road day ( flashback ) 74 danny and masud be in the taxi . they pull up and arif get in . masud we meet with this arif who say he know where gilani live . he take we to a compound in pindi . ext_ - compound - day ( flashback ) 75 the taxi pull up and arif , masud and danny get out . it look desert . masud but there be no one there . ext -— verandah ~- day 76 asra stare hard at masud who sit look nervous and on the defensive . asra I think you meet with bashir ? masud be collect he thought . a feel of dread seem to be hang over he . masud that be the next day . Danny want to try again . arif say he know one of Sheikh gilani 's disciple . 42 . mariane who be arif ? masud I do not know . mariane what do you mean ? how do you contact he ? masud I can not tell you . mariane be shocked by masud 's unwillingness to help she . mariane what ? masud a friend help I . I promise I would not tell he name . asra how much money do they pay you for Danny ? masud what ? asra be now seethe . mariane masud . I do not think you understand how serious this be . Danny be miss . anything might have happen . mariane be right - masud have not really think through how serious the situation be until now . mariane ( cont ’d ) if you want I to protect you from the police you have to help I . masud he be a journalist . a friend of mine . he work for jang in Islamabad . I ask he to help I . mariane what 's he name ? masud please , do not bring trouble to he . 77 78 79 80 43. mariane what 's he name ? masud jamal paracha . = for = 77 masud plug in a recording device into the telephone to record they conversation with jamal . masud jamal , it 's masud . I be with mariane Pearl in Karachi . they want to talk to you ... mariane and asra sit across from masud masud I be sorry .... they will protect you from the police ... asra bullshit . the tape be turn . int_ - jang office islamabad - day 78 jamal be very matter of fact . jamal I do not know much . arif be a jihadi . I meet he at a Harkat -ul - mujahideen meeting about a year ago . he seem educate . well connect . I do not know anything about he personally . you know until a few week ago he organization be completely legal . now , they have all go underground . = for = 79 as jamal speak , mariane punch danny 's number on she cell phone . still the mechanical voice . she hang up . - ' a = 80 a hour later . the police have arrive . masud sit across from captain and dost , mariane and asra . 81 44 , captain why do not you come with Danny to Karachi ? masud he do not ask I to . dost why not ? masud look up at mariane . masud I do not know . masud look up at mariane . he 's upset and fearful . masud I tell Danny it would be best to keep contact with bashir through I . _ , - 81 danny , masud and arif be leave . danny shake bashir 's hand . danny thank you for you time . obviously a meeting with Sheikh gilani himself would be incredibly helpful . bashir I do not know if that be possible . danny feel bashir 's eye study he . danny I be interested in put everyone 's point of view across . bashir ( with punjabi accent ) do you have a card ? danny sure . danny hand over he Wall Street Journal card . masud give danny a look . 82 83 45 . = 's = 82 masud glance up at captain , uneasy . he avoid mariane 's eye . masud when Danny be leave Islamabad I go to see he to get my money . int_= chez soi guesthouse / islamabad - night ( flashback ) 83 masud be signing a receipt for he money . while danny and masud speak , mariane move in and out of the bathroom , pack toiletry . masud what time be you plane ? danny 10.00 . masud be surprised . masud really ? but there be no plane to Dubai at 107 danny realize he be catch out . danny we be go to Karachi first . he look up at masud . danny ( try to be casual ) I have a meeting with gilani . masud what ? danny proceed cautiously . danny bashir e-mail I . he say gilani be in Karachi and I can meet he there and I have a friend there that I have like to see before leave Pakistan , so ... masud look at danny , take aback . 84 85 86 87 46 . = t = 84 captain look up at mariane , check that this be true . mariane be look at masud . she feel masud be try to make excuse , but she be not go to argue with he . masud I tell Danny not to contact the jihadis directly . I tell he I should be with he if he meet gilani . I tell he only to meet in a public place . captain light up another cigarette . captain could you describe bashir to a , a ( say a word in urdu ) asra ( translate ) sketch artist . masud nod . captain ( cont 'd ) good. ( call out ) noor ! noor come to take masud to the police station . int_-_cplc 85 on the wall be example of sketches and the real photograph of criminal when they be catch . masud compile a sketch of bashir . ext_ - police station - day 86 danny 's taxi driver be be take into the police station for interrogation . he look nervous . int_ - cplc ~ day 87 on a computer screen we see a whole list of number and time . danny 's name be there . the last phone call record be 19.11 - 19.18 Jan 23rd . 88 89 90 47 . = ' = 88 captain be read through danny 's e-mail . captain be there a way you could print all of you husband 's e-mail for we ? asra why can not you print they ? captain look at mariane and asra , a little embarrassed . captain we do not have a printer at the moment . mariane what ? captain my department have only just be set up . Fighting terrorism be not consider very important until quite recently . mariane what else do you need ? captain printer . cell phone . fax machine . montage : various shot —- office supply store 89 hasan and two other pakistani men in a office supply store , be buy the item as the captain 's voice list they . captain ( v.0 . ) file folder . pen , tape , bulletin board , answer machine . = ' = 90 captain 's men dart this way and that . they be unpack the office supplies . cell phone be be program . cell phone be ringing . a laser printer be be hook up by hasan , a unassume young man in he 2us , one of captain 's recruit . 91 92 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 48 three attaches from the french consulate be talk with mariane . they have bring supplies of french food . nabil comment vous sentez vous ? ( how be you feel ? ) mariane can va . ( I be ok ) . nabil nous feron tout ce qui est en notre pouvoir pour vous aider . ( anything we can do to help you , we will do ) mariane smile mariane merci pour les quich . c’est gentil . ( thanks for the quich . it 's nice of you ) . ext - asra' house - day 91 randall bennett 's 4x4 pull up outside . caption : 15.30 25th January 2002 the french voice be drift out as randall , zafir - he train aid , a pakistani with sophisticated good look - and three FBI professionals - two man and a woman - get out of the car and make they way to the house . randall carry a thick file . some neighbour take a peek . int - asra' house - live room ~ day 92 randall bennett and maureen platt ( the FBI boss ) enter with JOHN skelton and another FBI man . nabil ( faintly sarcastic ) voila le FBI . mariane stand up , pleased to see the Americans , finally . randall I be randall bennett from the consulate . +e ek pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 48a mariane I be mariane Pearl . this be nabil eee , **e and *** from the french embassy . maureen take one cold look at the french . mariane it 's good to meet you , at last . randall mariane , this be Maureen Platt , John skelton and Matt mcdowell from the Federal Bureau of investigation . sense hostility from maureen , the three french attaches smile politely , ready to leave . nabil Si l ’on peut faire quelque choose pour vous , n‘hesitez pas . ( do not hesitate if we can we do anything for you ) mariane merci . randall Maureen would like to take a look at Danny 's computer . mariane stiffen . she do not like the idea . she look coldly at platt . a phone ring . everyone turn . dost answer . dost . agent Platt , it 's for you , f.b. I call from New Jersey . platt take the phone and turn to randall . she motion towards asra and mariane . platt could you ask they to leave the room ? asra be furious but randall usher asra and mariane out to the verandah before asra can think of anything to say . + fee HH of + th hf * ee hof pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 49 93 ext _- verandah - day 93 randall sit with asra and mariane . randall I be sorry it 's take I so long to show my face . 94 95 50 . he pass a thick file folder to mariane . it 's label '' sensitive but unclassify '' . randall ( cont 'd ) here . mariane look through . randall observe she , study she energy . randall ( cont 'd ) that 's as much as I could get on gilani in 24 hour . mariane flick through the article and photocopy of information gather on gilani . she know most of this already . mariane why have not we hear anything from the kidnapper ? randall they probably want to get Danny to a safe place before make contact . the police be do everything they can to make it difficult for they . ext_ - STREET / road block — day 94 Road block be be set up . armed men laden with machine gun stand by sandbag and barb wire . a policeman motion for a taxi driver to pull over . randall so maybe it 's take they longer than they have want . behind he windscreen , the taxi driver 's eye widen in fear . the policeman pull the taxi driver out of the car . = = = 95 randall look straight into mariane 's eye . randall Danny be a high value hostage . they 'il want to keep he alive . mariane look back at randall . she have not even think that danny might be dead . 96 51 . - 's - 96 the chart be up on the wall . they be all gather for the end of day debrief . captain glance at mariane . captain hasnain , the time journalist have be release . mariane look back at captain . captain we do not know who be involved . he 's not say anything . but it do not seem to be connect to Danny . dost and we find the taxi driver . asra what do he have to say ? dost he take Danny to the Village Restaurant for 7 . Danny go in , come back out . he receive a call . then he tell the driver he could go . mariane take in the information blankly . asra do you believe he ? captain yes . there be no reason why we should not . bennett : waiter at the Village Restaurant corroborate he story . asra : why would he let he driver go ? dost it be quite a long call . whoever it be must have be able to speak good English . asra write the phone call information down onto the chart . pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 52 captain no luck so far with gilani . mariane or bashir . or siddique . captain no . asra what about masud ? dost he 's here . noor be take he back to Islamabad tonight . mariane cross the room and see masud sit with two other men and noor in the verandah . mariane who be he with ? dost two journalist . one of they be he brother in law . he work at takbeer . a jihadi newspaper . very anti U.S. mariane go through to where masud and the men be sit . mariane what be you do ? why have you bring this man into my house ? masud look scared . masud mariane ! you have to help I . I have tell the truth . this guy be come to Islamabad . he 's a torturer . he will torture I . mariane turn to captain and dost who have follow she in . mariane be this true ? dost ( sternly to noor ) this be a very important case , yar . no torture . no bribe . ok ? noor no problem . 97 53. masud be still nervous but there 's nothing more he can do . he leave with noor . = = 97 captain sit on the front step of the house , alone , a cigarette in he mouth , think . mariane come out to join he . they share a silent moment of peace , away from the commotion of the house . mariane so now what ? he take a drag from he cigarette . captain we wait . mariane for what ? captain contact . mariane be they go to ask for a ransom ? captain I do not think so . mariane wait for captain to elaborate but he do not . mariane you be use to deal with all of this . captain you never get use to it . he take another drag on he cigarette . captain : you know I lose a daughter ina car accident . she be seven year old . she be we only daughter at the time . mariane : I be sorry . captain : I think of she everyday . mariane what be she name ? 98 99 100 54 . captain benazir . - ' = 98 mariane be lie in the bath look at she tummy . we can hear the sound of asra and azfar , she lover , argue in another room . mariane stroke she bump very gently and close she eye . we see the ultrasound of the baby move inside she . = 's = 99 mariane come in and see asra cry . asra he 's leave . mariane what ? asra the ISI or some intelligence service scared he . Said I be a spy for India . Said they would make a big scandal for he family . asra can not stop cry . mariane come over and gently stroke she back . mariane he 's a fool . asra he 's the only reason I rent this house . mariane hug she . mariane it all be ok . the two friend hug each other , united in support of each other through the crisis . exi / int internet cafe night 100 the cafe be on a scruffy street near the chowk and crowded with men with beard . the police come in , take the manager and the main computer . lot of argue and shouting . 101 102 103 104 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 55 ext _- house lahore ~ night 101 police knock the door . caption : Sheikh gilani 's House , lahore , Pakistan a servant come to the door . the police search the house , but gilani be not there . int - US consulate - night 102 the FBI with zafir work away on they computer , check hard disk . randall bennett sit at he desk type up he report for Washington : the clock say 5.50 be ext . asra' house - day 103 caption : 26th January 2002 a Sheraton car pull up and steve levine , a discreet and serious look man , get out . his driver bring box of office supplies from the car . there be various phone company worker in the street and a argument go on with one of the neighbour in the background . caption : steve levine , central asia correspondent , wall STREET journal he show he US passport and be let through by the guard . int . asra' house - the live room - day / moment later 104 hasan be busy set up and plugging in speaker phone . the information have to be share by all . two pakistani computer expert work on computer . steve levine enter and see mariane . steve hug she . steve I get here as soon as I could . how be you ? mariane I '' ok . steve no news ? mariane no. pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 55 a asra come down the stair . mariane you two must know each other . work for the same paper ? steve we have never meet . I be Steve levine . asra asra nomani . steve I bring some office supplies . asra great . asra notice a pakistani phone company man be put in extra phone line . they speak in urdu . asra ( to the phone man ) how many line be you hook up ? phone worker six . we be get the line from you neighbour . asra what about they phone ? pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 56 phone worker cut off . asra oh my God , we be go to need extra police just to keep we safe from the neighbour . ( to Steve ) would you like some tea ? steve that would be great . asra go off to ask shabir to make some tea . steve try to gauge mariane 's state of mind . he 's immediately impressed by she focus . mariane how be the honeymoon ? steve good . mariane introduce steve to hasan . the two men shake hand . the two immediately like each other . + 105 106 57 . mariane Steve and Danny work together in Islamabad . int _- marriott HOTEL reception islamabad - day ( flashbacky105 the reception be crowded with journalist and camera crews . steve and danny be eat breakfast . mariane be talk to other journalist by the reception . she see a famous US correspondent crossing to the exit and dash after she . caption : date , marriott HOTEL , islamabad mariane hi , I be from french radio and I be do a article about the way the western media be cover the war in Afghanistan . US correspondent yeah ? well I be part of the western media and I be cover the war in Afghanistan . the journalist walk off leave mariane a little crestfallen . she glance across to danny and steve . danny laugh . pick up on = 's = 106 the chart . it 's gradually become more and more detailed . as we hear steve we see the name he mention : steve so they still need to find arif the go - between ... bashir in Rawalpindi , imtiaz siddique here in Karachi and gilani wherever he be . mariane and Danny . steve and Danny . steve look at mariane . steve do you think it 's connect to the story he be work on ? pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 58 mariane we do not know . you see this ? mariane hand steve the story from the Boston Globe which make the link between Richard reid and gilani . we see glimpsis of the text as the conversation continue . mariane but it could be something else . every story here lead back to jihadi . asra or the intelligence service . or both . steve I can go through all the storey we work on together . see if anything connect . asra I all help you . pick up on the office later . steve and asra be work away on they computer check through danny 's old storey and go on the internet to get more information . zafir and hasan be work on the e- mail send by bashir . the captain arrive with dost . captain Sheikh Mubarak Ali shah gilani . dost hand a photograph over to asra . she stick it onto the chart . captain we send officer to he house in lahore . no one 's there . none of he wife . mariane look at the photo of gilani . mariane how many have he ? dost Three . the latest be a 23 year old canadian . asra write this on the chart . 59 . captain the only person they manage to find be he sister - in- law . she say he be not capable of organize a kidnap . steve who need enemy with relative like that ? pick up on on a computer screen , a article from the independent . January 24th . steve hasan - can you print this out ? asra what be it ? steve it 's from the London bureau . about a british pakistani - Omar saeed Sheikh . hasan bring a print copy of the article over to asra . steve it claim he wire $ 100,000 to Mohammed Atta just before 9/11 . mariane how do this connect with Danny ? asra be read the article on Steve 's computer . asra he 's base in Rawalpindi and he specialise in kidnap westerner . mariane and asra look at captain . mariane do you know he ? captain only by reputation . mariane start to read the article when the phone ring . asra answer it . khawaja be shouting at she down the line . asra ( speak in urdu ) do not talk to I like that . it 's nothing to do with we . 60 . captain motion for asra to hand over the phone to he . he walk off with the receiver talk in a low control voice . captain ( speak in urdu ) this be the ssp cid he listen to khawaja as he walk away with the phone . steve who be that ? asra Khalid khawaja . he 's a friend of gilani 's . he keep on call . gilani 's father die last week and now he 's scream at I claim he die from shame - because of the Boston Globe article connect he son to the terrorist . steve the power of the press . captain come back with the phone . captain Mr. khawaja will not be phone you again . martane , thank you . pick up on randall bennett come into the house , full of energy . caption : 13.15 26th January 2002 randall okay girl , I be take you to McDonald 's . mariane no. I can not ... I have rather stay here . randall you need some air . come on . think of you son . asra what about the phone ? randall do not you trust hasan and dost ? 107 107pt 108 109 61 . mariane look at randall . int / ext - randall 's 4x4 / karachi street - day 107 randall 's Black chevy drive through the Karachi traffic . they go past the two sword roundabout where shabir get the taxi . mariane sit in the car , she mind drift . her life suspend . she look round and see Danny sit with she in a taxi drive through the 107pt street of Paris they arrive at the Park Tower Shopping mall . int_ - shopping mall — day 108 a shopping mall . shiny clean and uniform . western lifestyle in a laboratory . randall lead zafir , asra and mariane past the clothes shop to McDonalds . as they walk in randall bump into two young australian tourist . australian girl oh sorry . randall no problem . do it again anytime . the girl laugh . asra , mariane and zafir go through . randall where be you girl from ? australian girl Sydney ... Australia . and you ? randall ( smile ) me. oh I be from here . int__a_mcdonald's restaurant - day 109 it 's fill with pakistanis enjoy they meal deal . asra be wolfing she meal down . mariane how long have you be in Karachi ? 110 111 62. randall five year . you be only suppose to be here for a year because it 's a high risk posting . but I love it here . mariane pick at she salad . mariane why ? randall the people . like Zafir . he 's my brother . zafir smile . zafir thank you . asra should we be worried about the i.s.i. bugging the house ? randall you can trust dost and the Captain . but you can never be sure with the other guy . mariane have another go at she salad but give up . = ' = 110 randall 's black chevy drop asra and mariane back at the house . caption : 15.30 26th JANUARY 2006 = ' = 111 the captain , dost , kaleem yusuf , hasan and everyone be there . steve hand over a print out e-mail to mariane as soon as she and asra enter the room . steve there 's be another e-mail from bashir . the Journal send it over from Washington . as we see the text of the e-mail beginning - dear Mr. Pearl how do the meeting with the Shaikh go ? - we hear asra 's immediate reaction . 112 113 63. asra the fucker . he know Danny 's miss . I e-mail he the first night . dost he 's try to look innocent . as though he know nothing . captain ( to mariane ) you should do the same . answer as though you suspect nothing . pick up on mariane as she write she e-mail to bashir . her feature be tense . she hate this man . on the screen , we see fragment : I be Danny Pearl 's wife ... I be very concerned ... I appreciate you concern ... thank you so much .. the phone ring . asra answer . asra hello . oh hello John . yeah we see it . yes . here she be . she pass it to mariane . asra it 's bussey . he want to talk to you , mariane pace around the room on the phone to bussey . mariane yes I be ok . we need you here . int_ - wall STREET journal new jersey - day 112 bussey be on the phone in he office . mariane v.o come to Karachi . make the diplomatic round with we . we need to put pressure on the authority . JOHN ok . that 's what I think too . - 's = 113 captain look at mariane . she look drain from lack of sleep . she put the phone down . 64 . mariane can I talk to you ? 114 ext - verandah - day 1214 mariane and captain sit , watch the parrot . captain light up a cigarette . mariane I need to tell you something . captain look up at mariane wait for she to continue . mariane ( cont ’d ) Danny be not religious . but he be jewish by birth . captain take a moment , register the importance of this fact . he know how deep the hate run . captain who else know this ? mariane he do not advertise it , but he would never deny it if someone ask . they sit there in silence . captain I be religious . I go to the mosque for Friday prayer . I have faith . but you know Islam teach peace . not hatred . mariane I know . captain my faith have be kidnap by the same people who have take Danny . 115 int - US consulate - day 115 the FBI team and zafir work on the new e-mail . randall bennett walk in . randall have you trace where it 's from ? zafir not yet . 116 pink revision ~ 27th Sept 2006 65 int - dine room - dusk 116 the house be quiet but for the distant sound of the call to prayer before sunset . everyone have go home to they family for dinner . mariane be on the phone to satchi , she brother . intercut : satchi stand in he Paris flat . caption : satchi van neyenhoff , mariane 's brother satchi Le gen envoient leur soutien du monde entier . il appellent tous les jour . Il faudrait que le monde entier medite avec nous . ( people from all over the world be send they support . I be receive call every day . what we need be for the whole world to chant with we . ) mariane oui ... imagine . ( yes ... imagine . ) as mariane listen to satchi , she start go through some of danny 's stuff . she find and tape up on the wall the comical photo of a giraffe and she baby that danny like so much . it look like the giraffe be winking . satchi can va ? ( how be you ? ) mariane oui ... can va . Le bebe bouge . ( yes ... I be okay . the baby 's move . ) mariane lie down on the couch . mariane Il not I donne pas de coup de pied . Il veut just dire qu 'o est la . ( he do not kick . he 's just say he 's here . ) satchi can va aller . tout va bien se passer . ( it 's go to be all right . you be go to be fine . ) ht he kk rh % 4 se or of ee ed eh ek 117 118 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 65 a mariane pick up and start flick absently through she pregnancy book . '' what to expect when you be expect '' . ext / int - car / HOTEL akbar / rawalpindi ~ night 117 noor and masud sit in a car watch as fifteen or twenty police enter the Hotel akbar . masud look somber . int - HOTEL akbar / rawalpindi ~— night 118 the HOTEL receptionist and other staff be be pick up by the police for question . 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 66 . int / ext ~- car / HOTEL akbar - night 119 noor look at masud expectantly as the men be be bring out of the hotel . noor recognise anyone ? masud no. = for = 120 mariane lie in bed with she '' what to do when expect '' book . unable to sleep . unable to read . int_ - _house / rawalpindi - night 121 noor and twenty policemen in plain clothes armed with ak47 automatics , storm through room , climb up stair , search and examine furniture , rummage through drawer . the house be the hq of the Harkat - ul - mujahideen in Rawalpindi . there be quite a few men , poster and pile of video . scene CUT 122 int_ - consulate ~ night 123 randall be type up a report of the day event include the raid in Rawalpindi . = ' = 124 mariane lie in bed awake . she keep she hand on she swollen belly and chant to herself . = 's =. 125 dost walk into the house , look stress , carry copy of the newspaper jang . caption : 09.00 27th January 2002 126 67 . int - live room - day 126 a newspaper - jang ~ lie on the table with a picture of danny on the front page , smile out at we . the same photograph mariane give to the police the first morning after danny 's kidnap . dost and captain look at mariane . mariane , expressionless , wait for they to talk . a tense silence . mariane what do it say ? dost it say that Danny be suspect of be a mossad agent and of have relation with India 's intelligence agency . mariane look like she 's just be kick in the stomach . mariane what ? she stare at the photo of danny smile at she . her voice crack with anger . mariane I give they that photo ! the police ask I for a photo of Danny . who be that guy I give the photo to ?!! dost military intelligence . mariane pace like a wounded animal , drown in she own powerlessness . mariane 'o mossad , ' for fuck 's sake ! they ' 11 kill he if they think he 's mossad ! what be we go to do ? what be you people do ? she pick up the phone and dial a number she get from the chart . mariane I want to speak to Minister haider . mariane Pearl .... mariane Pearl ... mariane be almost shouting 127 68. martane mariane Pearl .. the wife of the kidnap journalist . she see captain watch she . he 's upset and angry but hide it . captain let I deal with it . you be right but let I deal with it . danny smile out of the paper at mariane . int_ - asra 's house - day / later 127 asra and levine be glue to they computer . the tension be palpable . everyone be demoralize after the morning 's jang headline . they be all hot , exhaust and on edge . the phone ring . asra pick up . she listen , digest what be be say at the other end and rush to she computer . asra there 's a e-mail . it 's from the kidnapper . everyone stop in they track . asra the Journal 's forward it to we . everyone gather around the computer to look at the e-mail from kidnapperguy@hotmail.com mariane there 's a attachment . asra click on the attachment . the first photo open : danny , in front of a blue screen , wear a shiny hot pink and baby blue jogging suit . his wrist be in chain and he glass have go . a man ina white salwar kameez grip the back of he head shove it forward and with he other hand , level a revolver a inch from he head . dost they do it to shock you . mariane look at the photo without flinching , tear by conflict emotion but shocked back into defiance when she notice danny 's smile on the third photo . mariane he 's smile . 69 . as we see the photo asra read out the e-mail . asra the national movement for the restoration of pakistani sovereignty have capture CIA officer Daniel Pearl who have be pose as a journalist of the Wall Street Journal . mariane be focus on danny 's face , on he smile . asra unfortunately he be at present be keep in very inhuman condition quite similar in fact to the way that Pakistanis ... be be keep in Cuba by the american army ... if America want the release of Mr. Pearl all .- pakistani prisoner in Cuba must be return to Pakistan ... mariane who the fuck be they ? captain some group they make up for this . ( to dost ) call randall bennett . mariane there 's more in urdu . captain lean in with he cigarette . mariane what do it say ? captain they be ask for the release of fighter jet that Pakistan buy from the US in the eighty . mariane this be crazy . it make no fuck sense . print out of danny 's photo be be spew out of the laser printer . mariane what be they up to ? they do not want to negotiate with we . 128 70 . asra spread the photo on the table . a piece of paper have be tape to a phone : " do not touch ! incoming call only - for danny " a new answer machine be be attach to it . captain be instruct asra and mariane . captain nobody touch this line . this be the number Danny know . this be the number he will use to contact you . captain and dost be busy make hundred of call . = t = 128 caption : 11.00 27th January 2002 randall , zafir , maureen platt , JOHN and two other FBI agent stride into the house . captain they have make contact . the FBI agent immediately start they work to source the computer who send the e-mail . zafir we need the original e-mail so we can see the header . that might give we a ip address . steve it be originally send to the Washington Post . maureen platt ok randall and maureen platt study the photo for authenticity around the table . randall that 's a doctore photo . check out the angle of the shoulder . that do not look right with the head . the leg be too big . that 's not Danny . asra I do not think it 's Danny either . 71 . maureen platt let 's send they to the lab in honolulu . randall Maureen , look at the gun . everyone have a theory . only mariane be silent . captain be look at she . captain mariane ? what do you think ? mariane it 's he . it 's Danny . everyone become silent . maureen platt we should still send it off to honolulu . the phone ring . mariane go and pick it up . 129 = for = 129 RUTH be on the phone . RUTH have you see they ? the photo of Danny ? mariane yes . you have get they too ? RUTH they just come . mariane people here be not sure they be Danny . RUTH of course they be . I recognise he hand . we see the photograph of danny , and RUTH look fondly at she son 's hand . 130 = t = = 130 mariane I know . I recognise he wedding ring . it 's loose on he finger . it 's always be loose . Blue revision - 11th Oct 2006 72 RUTH it 's good news . mariane be blank . RUTH it mean Danny be alive . mariane 's feature tense up . the stabbing pain of a contraction run through she body . she hold she breath . RUTH ( v.0o ) mariane ? the pain go away . judea its important no one find out we be from Israel . we be try to get everything remove from the internet that might connect Danny to we . mariane ok michelle they be go to release he . nobody would ever want to hurt Danny . we see.for a moment Danny sit in a anonymous room , in the clothes he wear in the photograph . mariane put the phone down . captain come over to she . they look at the photograph together . mariane look . Danny be smile . with a gun to he head he 's smile . he 's tell I he be ok . a half - smile spread unexpectedly on mariane 's face as she notice danny 's finger form a ' V '. mariane ( smile as if smile back at Danny ) he 's give they the finger . a sense of pride at danny 's defiance . captain I '' sorry , but it be time to see Interior Minister haider . ee ee + ee of Blue revision - 1lth Oct 2006 72a randall I all take you . mariane do not want to go now - but she know she have to . 131 132 133 73. = 's = 131 in they Sunday best , a delegation of plain clothes senior officer come and go in and out of the house and get into a caravan of car . a distinguished man with white hair , shake hand with mariane . caption : JOHN bauman U.S. consul general ext_ - convoy / karachi street - day 132 a convoy , official car and at the end of the caravan , the warn - out jeep with captain and dost - drive through Karachi . = = 133 mariane sit with bauman . she be tense . she stare out of the window , see the crowd of people , the mosque , the office , the house . we see Danny in the back of a taxi be drive through Karachi the convoy snake its way through the thick traffic , brave the chaos and cacophony of the over - crowded , congest street . bauman we need the Minister to authorise a national force to look for Danny . just because he be take here in Karachi do not mean he be still here . mariane right . asra have arrange for Paul steiger of the Journal to call we whilst we be there . to try and impress the minister .. bauman good . we should get a good hearing . haider 's brother be assassinate only a month ago . mariane really ? how ? bauman : shot drive home from work . mariane stare out at the car and people . 134 74 . = 's = 134 mariane and the whole entourage be lead into the minister 's office . mariane shake hand with minister haider who be in traditional mourn dress . mariane thank you for meeting we . I know you have you own problem . haider please , sit down . pick up later . the meeting have already be go on for a while and everyone be get tense . minister haider Mrs. Pearl . let I tell you something . we have three thousand journalist in Pakistan during the war in Afghanistan and not one of they get into trouble . mariane Danny and I be two of that journalist . I do not see you point . minister haider why do you husband have to meet this people ? this be not the business of a journalist . mariane feel the hostility . mariane it depend what you mean by journalist . they eye lock . mariane hold the minister 's gaze . minister haider we information be that the indian intelligence service be behind the kidnap . mariane what ? minister haider they want to embarrass Pakistan by blame Islamic extremist or the ISI for the disappearance of a american journalist . 135 136 75 . mariane be furious . everyone be tense . then mariane 's cell phone ring . mariane answer . mariane hello .. yes . one second . ( to haider ) it be Paul steiger , manage editor of the Wall Street Journal . he want to talk to you . we see haider talk on the phone . he be much more polite to steiger . pick up on everyone be leave , shaking hand and so on . asra , still angry , can not help respond to haider 's criticism of Danny . asra ( in urdu softly ) with all due respect minister , would you blame you brother for have be murder just because he be drive the street of Karachi ? randall bennett immediately intervene randall asra we be leave . ( to haider ) I be sorry . we be all very tired . int / ext haider 's house ~ day 135 randall be stride along ~ frustrated and angry . mariane and asra hurry to keep up with he . randall a person can not stay rational with lack of sleep . you both need some rest . ( to mariane ) and you should know better . you know that you have chemical run loose in you body . mariane can not help a very faint smile . int_ - haider '’s house ~ day 136 haider be also frustrated with he man . 137 138 139 140 76 . haider what 's wrong with you people ? why have not you find he yet ? get I the journalist ! extzlint - madrassa — night 137 fifteen plain clothes police - some with AK 47 - raid the place ~ pull out half a dozen men . ext / int - cyber cafe - night 138 picture of the World Trade Center and Osama Bin Laden on the Wall . another bunch of police storm in and take away computer . ext_asra 's house night 139 a car pull up and kaleem yusuf get out and be let into the house . int_asra 's house night 140 captain , dost , zafir , bennett , steve , asra and mariane be there . captain Mr. yusuf found the citizen Police liaison Committee . they specialize in kidnapping . kaleem I be sorry I be not able to come sooner . I have be in lahore . martane but you meet Danny on the day he be kidnap ? kaleem that 's right . he tell I he be meeting with gilani . while he be with I he receive two phone call . asra two ? kaleem yes . he produce a print out of phone call connect to Danny . we see the list of call . 142 776 kaleem the call be connect to the meeting with gilani . from the same number . the imtiaz siddique number . then at 19.11 he receive another call . CUT to ext village restaurant night flashback 141 Danny be wait on the sidewalk outside the restaurant . he be on the phone . we see he talk but we do not know what he be say . caption : 19.11 23rd January 2002 kaleem the phone call last five minute . we think it be from abroad as there be no record of the number . Danny cross to the taxi . danny you can go . I be go to wait here . thanks . he pay he and the taxi drive off , leave Danny alone outside the restaurant . int_asra 's house night 142 kaleem that be the last call he receive . we see mariane struggle to control she emotion . kaleem we work with telephone number . we start with Danny 's number . and arif 's , imtiaz siddique 's and bashir 's . from this number we find they contact . then we obtain the number that they call . and so on . until we find the kidnapper . steve it 's a lot of work . 143 144 145 146 78. kaleem it be . we have a team of ten people work on it . this be we business . we know what we be do . captain Mr. yusuf and he team have a very high success rate . int_cplc night 143 we see people work at they computer . we see the screen . list of number be convert into chart . any number call more than 5 time be then trace . it be a very sophisticated system . int_jang office islamabad 144 noor come and take jamal paracha away for question . jamal why be you do this ? you know I have do nothing wrong . noor do I ? ext / int - office - night 145 the office / house of a political party . more police break in , but the house be empty . randall and captain watch from outside . = ' = 146 mariane be lie in she bed . asra be lie behind she , stroking she neck and hair . asra how do that feel ? mariane good . the house be quiet . asra you think you will be able to sleep . 147 148 79 . mariane no . mariane close she eye . ( Danny be have he hair cut in bombay . he sit in a dirty white leather barber chair with red armrest . mariane follow the action in the mirror . everything be silent but for the snip of the scissors . Danny give mariane a goofy smile . his haircut be terrible ) . = for = 147 a phalanx of tv camera . CNN , fox , al jazeera . crews get out of van . cameras , monitor , microphone , roll of cable . caption : 28th January 2002 = 's = 148 captain stare out at the international media circus gather outside the house . he do not look too happy about it . mariane I do not want to talk to the press . I want bussey to handle it all . the front door bell go . dost cross the room to open the door to a skinny bewildered man with a unkempt beard and pierce black eye . he look like he 's just come from the cave of Afghanistan . dost take one look at the man and burst out laugh . dost here be the driver for bussey . asra if bussey see he he ’1ll be straight back on the plane to America . captain get a new driver . ( to the driver ) I be sorry . captain hand the driver a small note . 149 150 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 80 ext / int - karachi street / taxi - day 149 bussey sit in the back of the taxi be drive from the airport to the house by a new clean - shaven driver . he look out of the window , take in all the heat and squalor of this hallucinatory , fragment third world city . int - asra 's house - day 150 bussey sit in the office . everyone be there . bussey : we be do everything we can to make sure Danny 's safe . mariane we need you to pressure the politician . bussey : we be on to it . Paul steiger have be talk to Colin Powell . he 's be talk to President Musharraf . asra to do what ? bussey move on . bussey : Paul have also issue a statement say that Danny do not work for the CIA or the US government . and we be get the CIA to confirm that . asra they x11 confirm that publicly ? bussey yes . also , there 's huge media interest . Steve in the press department have have hundred of request for interview . mariane I do not want to do it . I do not want to play into they hand . they want publicity . 151 152 153 154 154a Blue revision - 11th Oct 2006 81 bussey it might help . if we get the right people . something that 's watch here in Pakistan . int - the pearle house LA - dawn 151 the phone ring . RUTH answer . RUTH mariane ... they be here too . ext - house LA - dawn 152 the suburban Los Angeles home be surround by a crowd of PRESS avid for news . lone reporter , tv crews scramble around . RUTH judea be work on get famous Muslims to issue a appeal for he release . int - asra' house - day 153 pick up on mariane put the phone down . mariane Mohamed Ali 's agree to send a statement . asra : cat Stevens would be better . they both laugh for a moment at the absurdity of this conversation ... bussey be flick through what to do when you're expect . ext - street ~ night 154 the captain and randall be drive together . we see little flash of action : raid on place we do not recognise , arrest of people who may or may not have anything to do with danny . ext / int jeep pindi 154a noor be drive by police driver . masud be in the back . noor be on the phone . he finish the call and instruct the drive to go the piwhadai bus station . * 82 . noor arif be try to leave for Kashmir . the jeep race off . 154b ext piwhadai bus station pindi 154b the Jeep arrive and noor and masud get out . they get ona Karachi bus - but arif be not there . montage sequence of increase frustration as they keep search bus which be head for muzaffarabad 155 int_ - US consulate - night 155 see the FBI team with zafir work the phone , search through hard drive of computer . one of the e-mail be send from a landline . 156 int _cplc night 156 kaleem yusuf be be show more computer generate chart show network of contact . each new number generate more possible suspect . 157 = 's = 157 some of the cplc chart be pin on the wall next to asra and mariane 's own . the labyrinth be grow . on a computer screen , a new e-mail . two photograph of danny . in one there be a gun to he head , but he be still smile . the second be more depress . he look tired . caption : 03.00 30th January 2002 asra read the message asra : we have come to the conclusion ... that he be not work for the CIA . in fact he be work for mossad . mariane bastard . 158 int_ - bathroom - night 158 mariane be lie in the bath , gently stroking she bump , rehearse for she CNN interview . 159 160 83. mariane I have a message . I have three main point I want to talk about . first , my husband and I be both journalist . we believe in dialogue between civilization . pick up on mariane stare in the mirror . put she make - up on . put on a public face . int_=- house - night 159 mariane be dress up ready to go . bussey , steve and asra be there wait for she . asra you look great . mariane wait ... one second . she rush back to she room and grab a kashmiri shawl and drape it round she shoulder . then she be back with the other . bussey that 's good . as mariane lead the way out asra tell bussey asra it be Danny 's . ext / int - asra 's house / police car - night 160 a starry night sky . bussey walk mariane to the police car which be wait for they . caption : 30th January 2002 bussey you okay ? mariane Fine . they get into the police car . the car jerk forward then stop . bussey great . mariane can not help smile . 161 162 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 84 bussey get out of the car and join a handful of guard to push the car . the police car finally start . int - police car ~— night 161 asra and mariane be in the back seat . bussey be coach she from the front seat . bussey emphasise the baby . for a Muslim it be a sin to harm a baby . emphasise you innocence . Danny 's innocence . int - a room at the karachi sheraton - day 162 asra , randall and bussey watch a feed of the CNN story on a monitor on a table . it 's live , and be lead to a introduction of a on-camera interview with mariane . across the room , a CNN camera crew be prepare . the SOUND guy micu mariane . the video cameraman adjust he camera , and a producer be quietly talk into a cell phone . mariane be interview by journalist 1 . producer in five , four , three ... journalist 1 Mrs Pearl , the group hold you husband have give a twenty - four hour deadline for the United States to meet they demand or they say they will kill you husband Daniel , do you have a message to that group ? mariane as she answer the question . mariane yes , I have a message , three different point I want to talk about . the first one I want to remind they that my husband and I be both journalist and we be two people who meet and fall in love because we have the same ideal you know ... and all my life , all he life and we life together be a big effort to create a dialogue between civilization ... jump CUT pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 85 the reason we be in Pakistan be because we want to know more about the pakistani people and write about they view . jump CUT mariane his religion , I would say be truth . I have never meet anybody who be so honest about people . that 's really what Danny be . jump CUT mariane I be six month pregnant . this be completely wrong , to hold we . it 's just create more misery , and that 's it . nothing can come out of this . jump CUT mariane Danny be my life . journalist 1 and how be you cope with this ? mariane I have not sleep in more than a week but I hope ... I be not desperate because if I stop believe in create this dialogue then I stop believe in everything else . I can not do that . I be pregnant . jump CUT journalist 1 and if you could speak to you husband now , what would you tell he ? mariane I love you . and she smile . cut to : 163 164 165 166 Blue revision - llth Oct 2006 86 int the pearl house day 163 we see RUTH , judea , michelle and other watch mariane . outside the press be campe on the sidewalk . int sheraton - night 164 the interview over , the SOUND guy help mariane take off she mic and earpiece . asra and bussey come over . asra : well do . you be so strong . bussey : terrific . but mariane be obviously angry . int _- sheraton HOTEL corridor - night 165 mariane walk down the corridor with asra and bussey . mariane they all want I to cry . ( she look up at bussey ) do not they ? bussey say nothing . mariane why ? do cry make it more real ? bussey : of course not . mariane I be not go to be part of some sort of news soap opera . the terrorist want to terrorize I . that 's why I will not give in . I have to be strong . for Danny . bussey : you be great . it play very well . int - cplc office - night 166 everyone be busy . they all have print out of phone number obtain from the phone company . they be type that number into computer . it 's a slow laborious process 167 168 169 170 87 . kaleem of the 7,000 call make by the 3 cell phone - Danny 's , imtiaz siddique 's and bashir 's - 73 number have be identify as possible suspect . chart be print out . = ' = 167 the nightly de-brief . everyone listen to kaleem yusuf . kaleem we analysis be beginning to yield result . one of the number bashir phone most often be a landline in lahore . cur to ext / int - tv shop lahore - day 168 we see a man on a phone as see through surveillance . captain the line belong to a Sony tv dealer . ext _- karachi STREET - day 169 a man with a beard walk down the street . captain «+. who frequently call another man in Karachi . the man be be arrest and bundle into a police car . int_ - tv shop lahore - dusk 170 police raid the shop and take away people , phone , computer . captain who in turn frequently call a man name hashim in multan . 171 88. ext - house multan - day 171 plain clothes police arrive at a house . a whole houseful of mourning relative be there . man 1 hashim be a martyr . the police arrest the relative anyway . = ' = 172 hashim 's photograph be be put up on the chart by asra . we recognise he from earlier . captain : hashim also go by the name of arif . the man who take Danny to see bashir . asra write on the chart : arif = hashim . she then draw a line connect arif / hashim to bashir . the de-brief continue . captain hashim 's family claim he die in Afghanistan . mariane but he tell Danny he be go to Kashmir . captain exactly . we do not believe hashim be necessarily dead . bussey be there a body ? captain we do not think so . steve for fuck 's sake . mariane look at the photo of hashim / arif . it be a few year old - take at a wedding . he have a moustache and short hair , wear a sweater over he salwar kameez . he look very unhappy . 173 174 89 . - , = 173 all the news crews be still there outside the house , wait , hungry for news . caption : 31st January 2002 Inside everyone be look at another e-mail that have arrive . mariane if America will not meet we demand we will kill Daniel . mariane look completely drain . bussey do people think this be genuinely from the kidnapper ? randall yes . pick up later on everyone gather round the tv screen : colin powell with respect to Mr. Pearl we be deeply concerned about he safety and we heart go out to he family .. but the demand that the kidnapper have place be not demand we can meet or deal with or get into a negotiation about everyone be dispirite . no one know what to say . bussey they always say that . they have to say that in public . mariane yeah . mariane be suddenly in despair . she do not want to break down in front of everyone . she hurry to she room . = = 174 we see mariane chant in front of she shrine , try to control she emotion . 175 90 . pick up on mariane lie on she couch . she stare at the ceiling . a guard pace outside on the verandah . there be a knock at the door . randall come in , dress all in black . randall sit next to mariane . randall you can not collapse now . mariane do not say anything . randall it 's not like they be go to have a good time when they get catch . mariane remain silent . randall you want to know how the authority treat bad guy ? mariane do not really want to know but randall tell she anyway . randall they hang they upside down and beat they foot with wooden stick so not to leave mark on the body . mariane listen to randall do he best in he own way with he own word of consolation . randall you be a strong woman . you be stronger than they be . - - = 175 mariane stand on the verandah alone . the slow , interminable pass of time weigh on she . the night worse than the day . danny stroking mariane , kissing she , make love to she captain join she . she look round . captain everyone be worried about you . mariane do bussey send you up ? captain no . but he 's worried about you baby . 176 177 177a 177b 177¢ 91 . mariane I know . captain we need you to be strong . I know that 's unfair . but we do . you have to have faith . mariane do you ? captain yes . I believe I will bring Danny back , and when I do I want to see the smile on you face . mariane can not help but smile a little . _ ' - ' =] 176 mariane lie in the bed , asra sleep next to she . it 's the middle of the night . she look around . she find she cell phone . she dial danny 's number . the same old recording come up . she 's about to put the phone away , but change she mind and type a text message : insert - on the cell phone screen : I love you . she push " send " . int_asra 's house - night 177 bussey walk around the house do he round , make sure all the door be lock and check on the number of guard for the night . int plane - night 177a noor be sit next to a very fat , unhappy man . caption : pir mubarak shah gilani ext karachi street - night 177b noor and gilani be take to cid headquarters . int_cid hq - night 177 '' captain be sit opposite gilani . dost watch . 177d 179 180 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 92 gilani : why be you do this ? I have never even hear of this journalist . int sheraton reception - night 177d bussey and levine be go through the day note . bussey : we have get to find some way to get mariane eat . for the baby 's sake . E. asra' hi da 's 178 JOHN bauman 's official car pull up and a plump lebanese man get out and be allow into the house . int - asra' house / kitchen ~ day 179 it 's morning . mariane walk into the kitchen to find the man , yussuf surveying the place . he open cupboard , check out drawer with consternation . mariane who be you ? ibarhim I work for John bauman ~ the consul General . he send I . ( do not look thrilled with the assignment ) I be he official chef . I study gastronomy in Paris and London . mariane can not help but smile . int ~ office - day 180 everyone work intently on computer and phone as ibarhim gradually and noisily transform the kitchen into somewhere you can cook . asra why be not the ISI involved ? why have not they be here ? kaleem they have be . asra so what be they do ? 93. kaleem let I find out . pick up on kaleem on the phone to a friend in the ISI . kaleem it be important .... I meet the man personally ... if he be find it will be good for the image of we country abroad ... pick up on a man in a check jacket sit on a sofa . bussey what 's you name ? major Major everyone be a little confuse . bussey erm . . what 's you rank ? major Major . bussey Major Major ? mariane and asra laugh . caption : Major Major , ISI officer . asra so what do you know about Khalid khawaja ? major major get out the most ludicrously small notebook and read . major Khalid khawaja be a retire airforce officer . then he put the book away . asra that 's it ? that 's all you know ? mariane this be just stupid . 94 . mariane leave the room . major major just sit there . pick up on the night time debrief . captain be talk . captain we have catch gilani .. mariane look at captain , tense . she sense some underlying frustration and wait to hear more . asra where ? captain he be in muzaffarabd . but he be here now . dost . his son lead we to he . asra and ? dosst nothing . steve what ? captain he 's a third rate idiot . but he 's not involved . asra what be you go to do with he ? captain we will hold he till we have verify he story . of course . everyone be very down . asra go to the chart and put a big cross through gilani 's name . bussey I think this guy be suppose to be the mastermind . captain he be just the bait . 181 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 95 we see a brief sequence : a telephone box be open ; a mass of landline ; a engineer testing line whilst farooq watch ; road be dig up , farooq and police enter a equipment room in a apartment block : dost Zafir and faroog have trace one of the e- mail back to a server that supplies internet access for 80 customer . a block of flat - noman appartment . a series of narrow alley hemmed in by 12 storey flat . all the wall be eriss -cross with a labyrinth of illegal phone , tv and power line . captain we have copy the hard drive and have a team of people search for the computer that be use the server when the e-mail be send . it 's just a matter of time before we find he . farooq and the police start to knock on door . int - live room - day 181 the exhaust , weary team sit around the plushly laid out table ready for a princely meal . napkin be fold accordion like in glass . ibarhim bring a silver tureen to table . * ibarhim * Cucumber soup with mint . mariane thank you ibarhim . * ibarhim * follow by stuff turkey and lemon pie . steve wow . the american consul really know how to survive in Pakistan . asra it 's delicious . mariane yes . ibarhim be happy and go back through to the kitchen to * work on the next course . 182 183 184 96 . mariane thank you for organise this John . bussey ( to mariane and asra ) no problem . a army march on its stomach . I just wish you two would agree to move to the Sheraton with we . mariane no way . bussey for you own safety . levine that 's what he say to get I to change room and be on the same floor as he . bussey then when he find out you two be share a bed he want we to do the same .. I have to put my foot down . asra and mariane laugh . asra room on the same floor of the same hotel , that 's a guy 's version of intimacy . int = dormitory style build - night 182 team of police knock on door . wherever they find a computer they take it away . int - US consulate - night 183 the FBI and zafir work on the computer - try to source the e-mail or photograph on the hard drive . randall 's head lie on he keyboard . he 's fall asleep while write hig report . the letter J fill the whole screen . = 's = 184 a news headline : baffling question about indian lady in pearl case caption : 3rd February 2002 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 97 bussey the perfect word for asra , baffling . asra hide she be upset . asra ha ha . steve Security agency be probing several baffling question pertain to the unauthorize stay of american passport holder indian Muslim lady asra q nomani . mariane make a half - heart attempt at eat ibarhim 's food . we see a montage of headline and article from different pakistani newspaper with translation for we : the News - smear Danny and asra . the Dawn - say asra have be arrest , the Frontier Post - claim kidnap arrange by India . Pakistan 's foreign minister make the same claim . 184a ext sheraton night 184a bussey and steve levine arrive back at the hotel 185 int sheraton HOTEL reception - night 185 bussey and steve levine be have they regular late night debrief . bussey 's phone ring . bussey hello captain it 's captain here . there 's bad news . bussey what ? 185a int cplc night 185a captain be there with randall and other captain Danny 's body have be find . he 's in the morgue . dost be on he way over to collect you . bussey shit. do mariane know ? 186 186a 187 187aa pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 98 captain no. levine sense what the news be . a tv screen : it 's day time in America . the scene of a pre - super - bowl football game play in the background of a break news report . footage of jeffrey kofman announce danny 's body have be find . int - the pearl 's house los angele ~ day 186 RUTH and judea be there . the phone be ringing off the hook . outside there be even more camera crews . reporter be do piece to camera . ext - STREET : night / dawn 186a dost , bussey and levine be speed through the desert * night street of Karachi . * int - morgue - night / dawn 187 randall , captain , dost , bussey and levine be lead into the * Karachi morgue . the sheet be pull back on a body . a young man that have be shot and throw out of a car . the body be turn over . randall be pretty sure it be not danny . there be something odd about the mouth . randall open the mouth . the attendant open the mouth . the corpse have a dental brace . randall ( cont 'd ) it be not Danny . ext . morgue - dawn 187aa * steve and bussey be try to handle the crisis . * bussey * ( on the phone to Steve * goldstein in New York ) * it be not true ... it be not Danny 's * body ... I do not care , it be not * * Danny ... he pass the phone over to Steve . * 187a pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 98 a bussey he do not believe I . he want two source before he will deny it 's Danny . steve take the phone . steve it be not Danny . it 's a iranian student for God 's sake . int - asra' house - night / dawn 187a the phone be ringing . mariane and asra wake up and mariane pick up . bussey have you hear the news ? mariane no , what ? bussey I be tell you this because everything be ok . ABC have announce Danny be dead . the eh * + ee * 187b 188 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 99 mariane what ? what do you mean ? bussey but it 's not true mariane it can not be true . mariane be up and pace the room , angry and agitate . mariane what 's go on ? ext / int dost's car night / dawn 187b dost , steve levine and bussey on the way to asra 's . bussey on the phone to mariane . bussey it be not true . I have be to the morgue . I have see the body . it be not Danny . int - asra' house office — dawn 188 steve , bussey , asra and mariane be back at work try to handle the crisis . asra I can not believe they announce it without confirmation . bussey in the middle of Super bowl Sunday . everyone in the world be call the Journal for a quote . mariane be talk to Ruth and judea on the phone . mariane I know ... I know it 's crazy . ee * 189 190 191 Blue revision - llth Oct 2006 100 int - the pearle house los angele - day 189 RUTH be on the phone . judea listen next to she . mariane we know it be not Danny . RUTH I know . I have be talk with the Journal . it 's totally irresponsible the way the media be act . mariane we have just get to be strong . RUTH we be . we will be . int mariane's bedroom dawn 190 mariane and danny in bed together . danny stroke mariane 's tummy . danny it 's amazing how much you can love someone you have never meet . int mariane 's bedroom morning 191 mariane and asra be asleep . the phone ring . caption : 08.57 5th February 2002 they both be immediately awake . asra get to the phone first . but when she pick up , the line go dead . mariane who be it ? asra I do not know . pick up on they still lie in bed , wait for another call . +e ek 101 . caption : 09.24 5th February 2002 the phone ring again . mariane answer . captain I have get they . mariane Danny ? captain no . but some of the kidnapper . we have the beginning of the thread . we just have to keep pull and we will find Danny . 192 int_ - dormitory block of flat ~- night ( flashback ) 192 the same flat that we have see the police search before . caption : 22.30 4th February 2002 they knock on number 66 . the door be answer by a young man - farhad naseem . the police go in . he show the police he computer . farhad this be mine . but it be not work . the hard drive crash . the police start to take it away . farhad I can help you with inspect other computer if you like . I have study computing . farooq what 's you name ? farhad farhad naseem . farooq sure . come with we . 193 ext - cid - night 193 farooq with two other policemen lead farhad into the station . 194 195 102 . int_interrogation room ~ night 194 captain be there with dost and farhad . captain how many computer do you set up in the building ? farhad twenty , maybe a few more ... what be you look for ? captain photograph of Daniel Pearl . Captain be watch farhad 's reaction . captain we have hand you computer over to the Americans . captain they have new software which can recover any material from you hard drive in a matter of minute . captain see a flash of panic in farhad 's eye and know he have something to do with the kidnap . captain you should tell we now if you know anything farhad look defeat but do not say anything . pick up on farhad I only know my cousin . Suleiman . captain we need you to take we to he . farhad nod . int_ - cid - corridor 195 captain and dost walk quickly away from the cell . randall be now with they . captain : we need to get to Danny tonight . before they realize we have get they . 195 a 196 197 198 199 103 . ext karachi street - night 195a a convoy of police car . Captain , dost , farhad in Captain 's Toyota crowne . farooq in a white Toyota . randall and 2 FBI agent in he black 4 x 4 . int / ext - build / STREET / car - night 196 they be park , watch a building . farhad be handcuff in the back . other plain clothes policemen be wait . one or two have AK 47 . all be armed . a man with a limp come to the pco . farhad nod , captain give a signal . farooq and two policemen rush out and grab the man - suleiman . the policemen hold he by the hair , throw he into a car , flatten he face on the floor . in a few second , in a screeching of tire , they be go . exi / int - police station - night 197 captain , dost , randall and suleiman and other police enter . caption : 01.00 suleiman look like a much more serious proposition . a train jihadist . int_ - police station ~ night 198 we hear scream . captain and randall walk towards the cell the scream be come from . int _- cell - night 199 captain and randall stand in front of a beat and bruise suleiman . he be break . caption : 02.00 suleiman be hand a phone . captain say exactly what I tell you . the phone be answer . suleiman be adil there ? the man on the other end sound like he have just be wake up . 104 . adil 's relative who be this ? suleiman look nervous . he be have to go off script . suleiman I need to talk to adil . adil 's relative he do not live here anymore . he hang up . captain call adil 's cell phone . Suleiman dial . adil pick up . suleiman I have get something very urgent to tell you . adil what ? suleiman it 's important . adil no way . we can meet in the morning adil hang up . suleiman look very nervous . captain take Suleiman 's phone and leave the cell 200 int _police station night 200 captain be talk to the cell phone operator . he get more and more frustrated as the call progress . captain : this be Commander *** cid . I need some information about the last call make on this phone ... I need to know the location of the person who receive the call ... which cell tower receive the signal ... I do not have time to wait ... randall and dost wait , gradually realize the phone company be refuse to give the location of adil 's cell phone . 201 202 203 204 205 105 . ext street of karachi night 201 Captain 's car lead a convoy of police car racing through Karachi caption : 02.45 int_car night 202 Captain , dost and randall all too tired and too tense to talk . captain ( on he phone ) have police in place surround adil 's house . but do nothing until instruct . make sure you be not see . ext_ / int_ — phone company — night 203 ten men , with gun , together with captain and randall force they way into the cell phone company 's hq . int_-_office - night 204 they stand there as the telephone company worker complain . worker this information be suppose to be confidential . captain just ignore he . worker why do you need it ? captain a hostage have be take . it will look very bad for we country if we do not find he . _ . - 205 twenty police officer be ready to raid adil 's father 's house . captain randall and dost arrive in they car . captain we have to be careful with this one . 206 207 208 209 106 . randall why ? captain adil be a police officer . dost in Intelligence . my unit . randall Jesus . I love this country . captain give the signal . the police burst in , shouting instruction to the family inside . = 's ' = 206 Chaos . lot of confusion . lot of shouting . they find adil and drag he out . = for = 207 as the police come out of the house with adil , shot be fire at they . the police with the AK 47 return fire . everyone scatter . randall , captain and two other men drag adil into the car and get out of there as fast as possible as gunfire continue . int__ - car - night 208 the car race to the nearest police station . caption : 04.30 the very faintest sign of dawn be beginning to appear . int_ - cell - night 209 adil , naked and shackle . captain : where be Daniel Pearl ? adil I do not know . captain : you must tell I everything you know . adil I do not know anything . 210 211 212 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 107 the captain turn away and we stay with the captain be face as we hear scream from adil . captain : where be Daniel Pearl ? adil just shake he head . we watch captain as we hear more scream from adil . captain : you must tell I everything you know . adil I do not know where he be . we be just involved in send the email . captain who recruit you ? no answer . again we hear adil scream . captain you must know who recruit you . adil Sheikh Omar . ext police station dawn 210 captain , dost and randall get back into they car . again the convoy set off . caption : 05.10 omitted 211 int - cplc office - night 212 volunteer work away on they computer , compile and go through list of number call from bashir 's phone . kaleem yusuf be there . captain ( v.0 . ) one of the number frequently call by bashir be that of a relative of Omar saeed Sheikh or Sheikh Omar as people call he . ek * pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 213 int asra 's house day the whole team be there listen to captain captain I suddenly realize that bashir be Omar saeed Sheikh . now we have to find he . 107a 213 214 215 216 217 218 108 . ~ t ' = 214 captain , randall and they men be ready to raid the house . there be 60 policemen there now . captain give the signal . they batter down the door and storm the room = ' 's = 215 the house inhabitant be be drag out of bed . phone and computer confiscate . omar 's aunt why be you do this ? captain I be very sorry . I be arrest you all until we find you nephew , Omar saeed Sheikh . omar 's aunt we do not know where he be . and we do not like the thing he do . captain I be sorry . = ' £ = 216 a policeman be outside watch . a phone ring . int _- house - dawn 217 omar 's father pick up the phone . = ' 's = 218 the captain be on the phone captain ( speak in urdu ) this be *** , cid . I be call from Karachi . I be investigate a kidnap case and I need to contact you son . could you give I he cell phone number please ? 219 109 . captain write the number down as omar 's father dictate it down the phone . captain turn to one of he men . captain give I adil 's phone . a policeman hand adil 's phone over . captain dial omar 's cell phone number . omar answer . captain be this Sheikh Omar ? omar yes . captain I know what you do . I have farhad , adil and Suleiman . if you do not believe I check you caller id . captain give omar a moment . captain be Daniel Pearl alive ? omar do not answer . captain do you know where he be ? again no answer . captain you come from a respectable family . do not humiliate they . the line go dead . omar have switch he phone off . = ' = 219 mariane , asra , steve , bussey still listen to captain , dost and randall recount they story . mariane look hopeful . the captain and randall be optimistic they have have they biggest breakthrough . dost we arrest the two cousin . captain they be we bargain tool . we fight kidnapper with kidnap . pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 110 randall the FBI find the photo of Danny on farhad 's computer . asra so ... bashir be Omar saeed Sheikh . asra exchange a look with mariane . we see asra printing off a photo of Omar from the Internet - from when he be arrest by indian police . asra stick a photo of omar saeed sheikh next to the sketch of bashir . they look identical . underneath she write bashir = omar . we see the edge of the chart where Omar 's name be before . asra draw a big loopy line round to connect he to bashir . pick up on steve , bussey , mariane and asra work away , get background research on omar . a montage of the article mariane be see : thing like ' Osama 's top aide 's . asra be read the print out of the article about Omar which they be send 10 day earlier . asra british bear and educate ... a know jihadist ... arrested for kidnap four tourist in India - one american , three british . the four be freed - unharme . a photograph of omar lie bearded and skinny in a hospital bed in India in 1994 after a gunfight with the indian army . mariane be read from she computer . mariane then on Christmas Eve 1999 a indian airline flight be hijacked and take to Afghanistan . video of the indian airline flight ic - 814 at Kandahar airport . mariane the terrorist slit the throat of one passenger ... a young man on he honeymoon . . ( more ) * 220 221 222 mariane ( cont would ) and make the other watch as he ble to death . the 178 passenger be then swap for 3 militant . one of they be Omar saeed Sheikh . mariane 's face . none of the information she be uncover make she feel optimistic . - ' - 220 mariane be chant in front of she shrine . danny be about to get into the taxi , the door open . he cup mariane 's neck , pull she to he , and kiss she cheek . he look at she for a beat then he jump in back of the cab . and he be go . = 's = 221 mariane come back into the main room . asra be read Saint exupery 's '' the Little Prince '' . she look sad . mariane you ok ? asra no. mariane sit next to she on the sofa . mariane you be exhaust . mariane start to massage asra 's shoulder . mariane what be it ? asra I do not have my period . I be three week late . mariane oh shit . then she can not help laugh . int = car - night 222 asra and mariane be be drive through the Karachi street by one of the guard . they arrive at a 24 hour pharmacy . 223 224 224a pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 112 int _- pharmacy ~- night 223 asra and mariane be buy ten different pregnancy testing kit . the guard hover in a corner of the pharmacy . int - asra' bedroom ~ night 224 pregnancy kit be spread out everywhere . mariane ten out of ten . you be definitely pregnant . asra oh God , can you believe it ? mariane be it azfar 's ? asra what do you mean ? of course it 's azfar 's . who else could it be ? dost ? and they start to laugh . mariane bussey . they laugh more . asra no , the ISI guy . and they laugh even more . int - asra house ~ day 224a the house be quieter now as randall , captain and dost be away most of the time on raid . just bussey , levine , asra and mariane . they be eat chocolate brownie bring by bussey to celebrate asra 's pregnancy . ibarhim be work in the kitchen . mariane suddenly double up in pain . asra what 's wrong ? mariane it feel like a contraction . bussey exchange a alarmed look with steve . 22483 224c 113 . bussey : we need a doctor . mariane I be fine . asra i’1l call one . mariane go to sit down . she take a deep long breath . asra be on the phone . bussey go to the kitchen and bring water to mariane . steve do not know quite what to do . asra finish she call . she give steve a dark look and bring a cushion to put behind mariane 's back . asra oh for God 's sake . she sit hold she hand while mariane breathes through the contraction . int _martane 's room day 224b the doctor from the Sheraton be just about to leave . mariane be lie in she bed . bussey and asra be listen . doctor it 's very important you keep hydrate . bussey we be on to it . doctor the more rest you have the better . asra lead he out , talk to he in urdu . leave mariane alone in bed . pick up later int_asram 224c asra , bussey and steve be work . we see a e mail : we have kill Mr Danny . now Mr Bush can find he body in the graveyard of Karachi ... levine : shit . asra it 's probably a hoax . 224d 224e 224f 224g 225 114 . bussey : let 's collect all the phone . put they on silent . make sure mariane do not see this . mariane be in bed look through danny 's Palm Pilot fil@24d on Danny 's computer . she see a file : place we have be . mariane open the file . she look through the impressive list of country they have visit together . as she get to the last one - pakistan - we see danny write Pakistan into he list on he palm 2245 pilot . we see danny and mariane be on a plane . we hear the loud speaker announcement that this be a flight to Islamabad mariane this be weird . we now see that they be the only two passenger on the plane . caption : 12th September 2001 danny it 's we own private jet . I could get use to it . they sneak a kiss . mariane look radiantly happy . danny you nre not allow to lose you smile , ok ? we be go to get old and fat - and bald - but you can not lose that smile . ext_graveyard karachi dawn 224f we see row of police search for a body . dost be watch from he car . he be on the phone to bussey . dost there 's no body . we have searched every graveyard in Karachi ... no problem . ext / int mosque day 2246 it be Friday prayer . the mosque be pack . we see captain amongst the crowd . say he prayer int_asra 's house day 225 bussey , steve , asra and mariane on they own , de-brief . 226 115 . bussey ok . possible motive for pick Danny ? asra Danny want to meet gilani because he be connect to Richard reid the shoe bomber . the Journal discover and hand over to the CIA a computer connect to al quaeda which have record tracking Richard reid 's movement prior to he attempt to blow up american Airlines flight 63 . his code name be Abdul ra‘uff , asra write this into the chart . mariane and the worst thing be the Journal then tell everyone what they have do . int_chez soi guest house day ( flashback ) 226 danny be work on he computer . mariane be read Nelson mandela 's autobiography . danny see the Journal article about hand the computer over to the CIA . danny shit . we be in trouble . mariane what ? danny the journal 's tell everyone how its co-operate with the CIA . brilliant . mariane you be kid . mariane come over to look at the article . mariane be they crazy ? now everyone can claim you be a spy . danny be quiet and focus on the story . danny great. 116 . 227 int_asra 's house day 227 pick up on the discussion . bussey what else could we do ? that computer be stuff with information about al-quaeda . it have be use by Al Zawahiri - Osama Bin Laden 's chief atrategist . it give information on the assassination of Ahmed shah Massoud in Afghanistan . it have Richard reid 's itinerary on it . if we have not hand over the computer we would have be withhold information . if reid 's shoe have detonate and destroy the plane we would have be culpable . mariane but where do that leave you journalist ? steve look - now 's maybe not the time for this debate . and the computer be not directly connect to Danny . anything else ? there 's a palpable tension in the room . no-one say anything till mariane , determine to keep she focus , continue . mariane accord to masud , he and Danny visit militant training camp in the punjab just before come to Karachi . this be suppose to have be close by Musharraf . but they see plenty of jihadist still training . this camp be connect to jaish -e Mohammed - Omar 's organization . asra write this on the chart . steve two day before Danny be kidnap the US ask Pakistan to hand over Omar saeed Sheikh . Omar be suppose to have wire $ 100,000 to Mohammed Atta just prior to 9/11 . ( more ) 228 229 230 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 117 steve ( cont would ) there be rumour this money come from Lieutenant General mahmood Ahmed . he be the head of the ist . asra always follow the money . asra write this on the chart . steve on October 7 Musharraf dismiss the General . be that because of he involvement in 9/11 ? the chart be become a labyrinth of possible connection . steve it 's a good job I do not believe in conspiracy theory . mariane stare at the chart in despair . ext / int house and office - night 228 more raid , with randall and captain and JOHN skelton there . people be be arrest . occasional gunfire . int - house - day 229 mariane and asra sit on the verandah . the parrot squawk in the tree . mariane you ’‘re go to have the baby , be not you ? asra hesitates . asra I think so . mariane that 's good . it 's important . int asra' house day 230 pick up in office . steve , bussey , asra and mariane . ibarhim cooking in kitchen . a feel of time suspend . no one talk much . everyone drift , lose in they own world . pick up on pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 118 ibarhim bring a beautiful plate of crab to the table . he wait for some appreciation . but everyone fall silent . ibarhim what be the matter ? bussey : they look delicious . but ... steve I do not eat crab . asra I have a allergy to shellfish mariane I would love to eat they . they look amazing . but be pregnant ... ibarhim be very feed up they do not trust he crab . bussey : look . you have be cooking for two Jews , a french / Cuban / dutch Buddhist , a american indian Muslim , a lebanese Christian and lot of Pakistanis and this be the first time we have not all wolfed down you food . that 's pretty impressive . ibarhim look wounded all the same . 231 scene CUT 231 232 int - asra house ~- mariane 's room - dusk 232 the sun be set . mariane stand in the room , surround by danny 's belonging . the sound of the muezzin and the familiar call to prayer . 232a int plane night 232a captain be on the plane sit next to a bearded man , wear a shalwar kameez , who be shackle at he wrist and ankle . caption : omar saeed sheikh a steward walk by . omar maybe I should tell they I ama hijacker ? 233 234 235 ext - karachi street ~ night 233 a car speed through the crowded street . in the back omar with a bag over he head - captain sit next to he . = = 's = 234 a phone ring in the middle of the night . caption : 12th February 2002 mariane pick up . asra wait anxiously next to she . captain we have he . we have Sheikh Omar . mariane how ? captain he hand himself in . he be in the punjab . he 's here in Karachi now . mariane 's face as she digest the news . int_= police cell ~ night 235 omar sit opposite the captain . dost and randall be there . captain be Daniel Pearl still alive ? omar I do not know . they all watch omar 's face , study he , try to figure he out . captain do you know where he be ? omar no. captain who be hold he ? omar I do not know . that be how the operation be plan . so each person know as little as possible . 236 captain why do you kidnap he ? omar because he be there . he be a american . captain just that . omar yes . we see randall struggle to contain himself . int . asra 's house - night 236 a full tv screen . footage of a joint White House press conference between president Musharraf and Bush . president musharraf ( v.o. ) I be reasonably sure Mr. Pearl be alive and we be as close as possible to get he release . mariane , asra , bussey and steve levine watch the news conference on tv . mariane be it just I , or be the timing of Omar 's arrest very convenient . the day Musharraf be in America he have a bit of good news to announce . bussey : maybe . or it could be the opposite . maybe the whole kidnap have be arrange to embarrass Musharraf . we see Musharraf at the press conference criticize Danny for be : '' overly intrusive in whatever he be do and get into the thick of this extremist . '' mariane stare at the chart . mariane it 's too crazy . everything have link to everything else . every person have three different name . Three different phone . every jihadi work for the ISI . every government official have connection to the jihadi . ( more ) 121. mariane ( cont would ) everything be possible . nothing 's for sure . mariane walk around the room , turn endless unanswer question over in she head . pick up on captain , randall , kaleem , dost with everyone . a debrief . captain Omar saeed Sheikh hand himself in over a week ago on February 5th . randall the same night the Captain raid he aunt 's house . everyone 's face . dismay as they digest the troubling news . mariane what ? where have he be ? dost he hand himself in to brigadier ejaz shah , home secretary of the punjab . randall he 's ex ISI . and connect to omar 's family . he keep Omar 's arrest a secret for a week . mariane hide she anxiety . this be not good . mariane why ? randall we do not know . mariane be he be interrogate by the isit captain I do not know . I be sorry . I just do not know . mariane a week ? be you serious ? they have have he for a week . without tell anyone ? mariane can not take this in . she have to leave . 237 238 239 122. = 's = 237 mariane in she room . she lie on she bed . desperately try to control herself . Paris . danny smile as he watch mariane dance with she mother . she notice he watch she . they eye meet . they hold each other 's gaze . it 's the first time they see each other . they first meeting at one of marianen mother' Cuban party . ext karachi high court - day 238 tv archive : a man be take out of a police van . he be jostle by police and press . he have a bag over he head . it be omar . omar : sell you dollar . sell US dollar . the US be go down . sell you dollar . int_ - karachi high court - day 239 omar saeed sheikh be in the dock . bennett and captain be there watch proceedings . lawyer do you know where Daniel Pearl be be hold ? omar no. lawyer be Daniel Pearl alive ? omar no . as far as I understand he be dead . lawyer what do you mean , as far as you understand ? omar on February 5th , I call my brother and ask they to shift the patient to the doctor . this be we code to release the hostage . but it be too late . they tell I ' dad have expire . we have do the scan and complete the X ray 's . I believe he 's dead . 240 241 242 123. we see the captain and randall 's reaction . int police cell night 240 bennett and captain sit opposite Omar . no one speak . a guard throw a bucket of cold water over Omar . int_martane’s room -— dawn 241 mariane drift in and out of sleep . Danny be spoon she from behind , stroking she back , trace pattern on she belly . danny and mariane in they flat in Paris , in the money market in peshawar , on the beach in LA , Danny perform James Brown 's sex machine in bombay . all intercut with the two of they in bed together in Karachi . then mariane wake up . and Danny be go . = for = = 242 the mood be somber . bussey pour a glass of water for mariane to drink but mariane do not drink it . captain smoke . asra and dost sit . mariane four day ago he say he be alive ! it 's all bullshit . he 's a liar . they be all psychos and liar . asra if he 's dead , where 's the body ? captain he claim he do not know . bussey it 's all mind game . captain mariane , I would not carry on search if I do not think Danny be alive . mariane put she hand on she belly , emotionally drain . bussey look at she . bussey you need to get some fresh air , get some exercise . 243 244 245 124 . mariane what if they call ? asra we all have cell phone . mariane I can not . bussey for the baby . ext , zamzama park ~ day 243 the sun be beat down . one of the guard talk to one of the park guard . asra turn to mariane and bussey . asra they be not allow in with they gun . mariane barely hear . she nod as they turn around . the brilliant glare of sunlight in she eye make she feel dizzy . int_asra 's house office - day 244 mariane and the other be there . still try to work . mariane read old article write by danny - we see headline - after the bombing : the difficult search for Truth , Tehran wanderlust , how many way can you skin a cow , in Iran 's Holy City , Islamic faction fight for soul of a Nation . she stop at - amid Global turmoil , Wild Times in Trading afghanis and we hear Danny 's voice . danny ( v.0 . ) peshawar , Pakistan - as a Muslim and ethnic pashtun , fazal -e- maula have some sympathy for the ruling Taliban in Afghanistan . but on September 11th as he watch the television replay of airplane crash into the World Trade Center in New York , he know what to do : buy afghanis ext peshawar money market _— day 245 danny and mariane wander through the bustling chowk , meeting people carry huge pile of money , interview they . enjoy the energy . 245 a 125 . danny : ( v.0 . ) .. some trader acknowledge mix feeling about profiting from the demise of the Taliban , which have its root in peshawar 's religious school . '' it 's not my regular job , '' younus Khan , a 25 year old cloth trader with a shaggy Taliban style beard , say by way of a apology , after gain the equivalent of $ 1,500 in Saturday 's trading . then he face brighten . '' i’1l give this money as a donation for jihad purpose , '' he say . = 's = = 245 a mariane suddenly look up from the article . she look wear out , she feature draw from severe sleep deprivation . steve and bussey look at she . mariane ( blankly ) I be not go to make it if Danny be dead . steve and bussey look at each other take aback . it 's the first time they hear mariane mention the prospect that danny may not come out alive . steve mariane listen , I have be go in and out of this country for the past 13 year and no one have ever be touch . there be no reason to kill he . mariane compose herself . mariane I know . she feel a contraction in she stomach . asra be you ok ? mariane I think so . bussey bring a bottle of water over . bussey : you 's nve get to keep hydrate . 126 . 246 = 's = 246 mariane and asra be lie on the bed . mariane 's cell phone ring . the bright little screen light up . it say : danny . asra quickly answer . male ( v.o. ) ( speak in urdu ) give I the wife of Daniel Pearl . I want to speak to she . asra look at mariane panicked . asra ( speak in urdu ) okay , I be go to put you through to she but you should know she do not speak urdu . male ( v.o. ) ( to someone else in the room with he ) she do not speak urdu . the line go dead . asra be on edge . , asra ( oh God . they hang up ! what have I do ? 247 = = = 247 mariane sit , lose . nothing be make any sense . randall it 's fine . they be make contact . mariane why be not they make any demand ? randall they call dost as well . they threaten to kill he , he wife and he child . mariane they just call to make a threat ? mariane feel daze with the meaninglessness of it all . 248 249 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 int - asra '’s house - mariane and danny's room ~ night mariane sit at she shrine , chant . caption : 21st February 2002 mariane hear voice downstairs . int ~ RA house ~- livin m_- night bussey storm into the live room . he look frenzied , yanking he cell - phone earpiece out . bussey ( to Steve ) we have to go . steve why ? asra what 's happen ? bussey we have to go now . bussey be already leave with steve . asra tell I what 's happen . mariane hear bussey and steve leave . she be worried . go downstairs . mariane walk into the live room . mariane what 's happen ? why do they leave without we ? but they have go . mariane what 's happen ? asra I do not know . they would not say . mariane what do you mean ? why would not they ? call randall . 127 248 249 she asra get on the phone . mariane be very anxious . she try several number - but no one be answer . 250 251 252 252a 128. ext - street - night 250 bussey and levine be be drive in a Sheraton car . they arrive outside randall 's house . = for = 251 bussey and levine be bring into the tv room . randall , JOHN FBI agent , captain , dost and several other FBI people be already there . bussey what be it ? randall it 's a tape . we get it half a hour ago . John be contact by a local journalist . JOHN he say he have a tape show the execution of Daniel Pearl . he want a hundred thousand dollar for it . ccut to : int_ - sheraton HOTEL - night 252 there be probably 15 or twenty undercover men there - FBI and captain 's men . we see randall be there . JOHN FBI arrive and walk over to a pakistani man JOHN be give a brown paper package tie with string . the pakistani journalist leave - follow by several of the undercover men . randall go over to JOHN . JOHN : we would better x ray it . int_us consulate night 252a we see the package go through they x ray machine . it show that it be a camera . randall ( v.0o . ) the camera would not connect to the equipment at the Sheraton - so we have to come back here . cur to : 253 254 255 256 129 . int-_randall bennet 's house - night 253 there be half a dozen men there . they photograph the package as they unwrap it . very cautiously randall open the camera - there be a tape inside . the camera be wire into the tv . randall press the play button . everyone watch in silence . the tape start to play . danny my father be jewish , my mother be jewish , I be jewish . in the town of benei beraq in Israel there 's a street call chaim Pearl Street , which be name after my great - grandfather , who be one of the founder of the town . we watch dost , randall , Captain . omitted 254 = t = 255 asra be still try number . randall answer . asra randall ? it 's asra . what 's happen ? int_= car - night 256 randall , bussey and steve levine be be drive . randall I can not say right now . asra what be you talk about ? randall I can not tell you on the phone . we will be there as soon as we can . randall hang up . everyone in the car look grim . 257 258 259 130 . - 's = 257 martane what do he say ? asra he do not . he will not talk on the phone . mariane do not know what to do . she 's about to explode . mariane what do you mean ? phone he back ! get he back on the phone ! asra they be on they way back . mariane ( irrational with apprehension ) ) let 's get out of here . asra mariane , wait . where be you go to go ? they be on they way . mariane I need to get out of here . asra where ? mariane I do not care . mariane go to she room to put she boot on . her hand be shaking so much she can not tie she lace . she explode with anger . = 's = 258 a bunch of car be wave through by the guard at the end of the road . randall 's suv , captain 's car . a couple of other . bauman , the US consul . bussey and randall exit the suv . dost and captain out of he car . zafir and a pakistani stranger exit a third car . = ' = 259 mariane and asra see everyone arrive . the front door open ... and the men come in . 259 a 260 260 a 131 . they face be dead white against the night . all be ashen , silent . bussey he do not make it . mariane hardly understand he . bussey ( cont 'd ) they have proof . mariane rush to captain , whose face have turn a horrible yellow - brown . captain mariane ... I be sorry . I do not bring you Danny home . he hug she , hold she . he begin to tear up . she rest she head on he shoulder . and then , she stand back . mariane ( to everyone ) leave I alone ... and she step backwards a few step , then turn and hurry back to she room . she slam the door close . int _mariane 's room — night 259a mariane finally let out all the emotion she have be hold in . and she scream . with all she might , she scream . over and over and over . int - asra' house - the live room - continuous action 260 asra turn to randall . asra who 's he ? randall a doctor . for mariane . asra make he leave . no stranger . not now . int_martane 's room - night 260 a mariane bang she head against the wall in spiritual agony . 260 B 132 . int_asra 's house - night 260b we see asra chant a Muslim prayer outside the door . then mariane come out of she room . mariane how do you know he 's dead ? captain there 's a video . mariane register . mariane that 's easy to fake . anyone can do it . with editing , you can ... captain mariane . you Danny be dead . she shake she head . mariane no , it 's easy to ... captain mariane , you have to accept it . he 's dead . he 's dead . captain put he arm around mariane . mariane what make you so sure ? bauman they ... have a knife , and they use it in a way that leave no doubt . mariane ' no doubt ' ? what do that mean ? everyone be beginning to silently cry . everyone . no sob , just tear . bauman mariane , he ... he be behead . mariane 's eye widen in revulsion . mariane you all watch this video ? randall nod . mariane stare at they , stunne . 261 262 263 264 133. asra where 's the video ? do you have it ? randall not here . mariane ( to asra ) I do not want you to watch it . ever . = ' - = 261 mariane be cry . = 's = 's = 262 mariane wake up alone . she stare into space . she start to murmur , over and over : I love you . I love you . I love you . = 's = 263 a day later . sheep be milling around in people 's garden . mariane ( v.o. ) the day my brother arrive be the day of eidh-ul - adha . the day when every Muslim family sacrifice a animal to God . in remembrance of Ibrahim 's willingness to sacrifice he son ishmael . the meat be then divide into three part : one for family , one for neighbour , one for the poor . a car arrive and a man get out . as he enter the house mariane throw she arm around he and they hug and hug . mariane asra , this be my brother satchi . and he hug asra . ext - street - day 264 another convoy of car with mariane , satchi , asra , bussey , etc . they arrive at the Sheraton . 265 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 134 int - sheraton - day 265 they arrive on the 11th floor where a interview with CNN be go to take place . mariane be greet by the production team . there be all the usual activity . a journalist - journalist 2 - hug she and ask if she can sit in . CNN interview journalist 3 be interview mariane . we see the interview : journalist 3 mariane thank you for join we — you come to Pakistan in peace — you come here seek the truth with you husband . you leave Pakistan as a widow after you husband be brutally murder . what message to you have for the people of Pakistan ? mariane well , first of all I would tell they that my feeling and my affection for this country have not change because of what happen here ..on the contrary , people .. the people .. have show tremendous support for I they have share my sorrow . I know they feel bad , ashamed ... sad ... about what happen ... also the people who have actually be around I during this ordeal ... this terrible time ... have be ... people of heart , of tremendous professionalism . with very very limited resource . they have show unlimited amount of courage , of commitment , individual commitment as well to try and find Danny . that have mean a lot to I . CHRIS do you see the video ? mariane vous n‘avez aucune decence ? have you listen to anything I just say ? how can you ask I such a question ? bussey : ok . that 's enough . we be go 266 267 268 269 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 135 mariane get up and leave . she go over to satchi who be be hugge by journalist 2 . journalist 2 I be so sorry . so sorry . pull he tighter . journalist 2 do you have a middle name ? satchi pull away from journalist 2 and take mariane 's hand . mariane let 's get out of here . they be lead away by bussey . omitted 266 int - elevator - day 267 bussey , mariane , satchi and the HOTEL manager be in the elevator . the door open . there be a huge herd of journalist and photographer . bussey press the door close button . bussey be there another way out ? int - HOTEL kitchen ~ day 268 they hurry through the hotel kitchen and out the back . ext - HOTEL - day 269 they race into they car . bussey ok . get we out of here as fast as you can . the car lurch off and scream past the journalist at the hotel exit . satchi ~o ye-e-e-e-e-essssss ! mariane laugh . 270 271 272 pink revision - 27th Sept 2006 136 int - asra' house — day 270 mariane slowly , methodically pack away all she and Danny 's belonging . int - house - night 271 suitcase line up in the hall . Inside the live room everyone have gather for one last time . randall , bussey , ibarhim the cook , captain , dost , kaleem yusuf , luqman sadiq and JOHN bauman , asra , steve , zafir , FBI agent John m . they sit in silence . kashva be roam around the room , stare boldly up at the big men with she big curious round stare . no one say anything . everyone be inside they own head . pick up on a meal that ibarhim have cook . mariane begin to make a speech . mariane I want to say something to you ... I know how hard you have work . I know it have be hard for you . I just want to thank you . I do not want any of you to feel guilty . I do not want any of you to feel you have fail . Danny be dead . but that do not mean the kidnapper have win . we must be happy . we have to refuse guilt and despair and fear . that be what they want we to have . we have to refuse bitterness . that be what Danny would have want . mariane look particularly at captain . she hug they one by one . ext_ - asra '‘s house - dawn 272 everyone be gather . there be a convoy of car . satchi be shaking everyone 's hand , offer thanks to everyone from the guard to the policemen . bussey look like satchi be run for mayor . 273 274 137 . int - a car - dawn 273 mariane sit in the backseat , completely devoid of emotion . she look out the window blankly . for the first time we see the street of Karachi empty and calm . ext_ - castle garden / FRANCE - day 274 a perfect dazzle summer 's day in the french countryside . a cloudless blue sky . it 's mariane and danny 's wedding day . caption : 21st July 1999 mariane and danny in they wedding outfit , hold each other 's gaze , glow in happiness . the exterior sound be mute mariane and danny 's v.o we promise to discover new thing , place and people together . we see danny 's parent and sister , tamara and michele , he nephews and niece , mariane 's mother and brother satchi and they friend - a mix crowd of bohemian and journalist type ( we recognize asra ) gather around on the lawn to listen to the couple 's vow . danny and mariane look at each other , deeply in love . danny tenderly pick some grain of rice and streamer from mariane 's hair . mariane and danny 's v.o we promise to treasure each other 's happiness at least as much as we own . mariane smile as she watch danny shatter a glass on the grass . there be joyful applause and cheer of mazel tov and some french and Spanish congratulatory shout of encouragement . tables be laid out in the open grounds . guest mingle . kide chase each other . mariane watch danny as he play the fiddle . friend musician join in play with he , a impromptu spontaneous jam . danny smile up at mariane . mariane and danny v.o +». and always to keep faith in the strength of the other 's love . 275 276 Blue revision ~ llth Oct 2006 138 mariane throw she bouquet into the crowd . we see the face of the people we know . asra , satchi , michele , danny 's parent etc ... a blast of upbeat music cut in . a band play live . a Cuban beat . and the place be burst with life . Music , laughter the high pitch voice of child . couple , young and old , dance , laugh , twirling . child run around . danny whirl mariane , make a dramatic flashy turn into the brilliant sunlight . ext / int - a car ~ dawn 275 the car glide through the empty quiet street of Karachi . mariane sit in the back of the car . mariane ( v.o. ) they find Danny 's body cut into ten piece . nobody tell I this . I learn it in a e-mail that be attach by accident to another e-mail send to I . int - mariane 's flat —- paris - day 276 mariane lie on the bed , very calm . the phone be off the hook . mariane ( v.o. ) I decide that before Adam be bear I have to confront everything that happen to Danny . he be hold in a isolate shack in a compound on the outskirt of Karachi . one day , when he be unshackle to go to the toilet , he try to escape . they catch he and chain he to the engine of a car . another time he try to break loose when he be walk with he captor . once he shout to a passerby . then one day - probably February lst - three Arabs be bring to the compound . Danny argue with one of they . then they turn on the video and ask he question about he religion . video insert danny on camera saying : 277 278 279 139 . danny my father be jewish , my mother be jewish , I be jewish . = ' = = 277 mariane still lie on the bed . still imagine danny . mariane : ( v.0 . ) maybe they make he say this . but I know he be undefeate because of the next thing he say , something the kidnapper could not have know , something he say for I , for he parent and for Adam . video insert danny on camera saying : danny in the town of benei berag in Israel there 's a street call chaim Pearl Street , which be name after my great - grandfather , who be one of the founder of the town . = for = = 278 mariane be still there in bed , tear on she face . mariane ( v.o. ) I force myself to imagine it all and when it be over I know there be nothing that can happen that I will not have the courage to face . int _- maternity ward - night 279 mariane be chant . the midwife be with she . then the contraction start and mariane scream with pain . pick up on adam be deliver , he start to cry and be hand over to mariane . mariane hold he to she breast . mariane ( v.o. ) this film be for Adam . so that he know he father be not a hero but a ordinary man . a ordinary hero . 140 . the end end credit we see mariane with Adam as the end credit play . as the credit roll : '' on May 14th , CBS broadcast excerpt of the video . Andrew hayward , the president of CBS News justified he decision by say that it have news value . ''