a monster call written by Patrick ness base on the novel " a monster call " by Patrick ness , inspire by a idea from siobhan dowd 25 September 2014 Michelle kass associate 85 chare Cross Road London wc2h oaa 020 7439 1624 sound fade up nightmare sound , wind , roaring scream . sound increase , climax , then stop suddenly as : cut to : int. conor' bedroom - night - continuous 1 conor ( 12 , small , on the border of puberty ) sit up in bed , frighten , sweaty , panting . he look at the clock . 11.58 . it 's a messy but homey bedroom . poster at the border of manhood on the wall : rugby team but also cartoon . Old stuff toy in corner ; frame photo of conor and he mum ; of conor and friend lily in a school play ; a laptop ; handheld game ; scattered drawing he 's make . conor lay back down to sleep but : a heavy coughing from offscreen . conor listen , concerned . the cough do not come again . he sit up . int. conor 's hallway / mum 's bedroom - night - continuous conor pad quietly down the hallway until he get to he mum 's bedroom door . it 's open slightly . he look in . in the moonlight , mum be asleep , alone in she bed . her head be obscure by pillow . conor mum , be you asleep ? mum yes . conor be you sure ? mum ( open one eye to he ) yes , I be sure . 2 2a int. mum 's bedroom - night - continuous conor quietly slip into the bed . mum what be you do ? conor shush . you be asleep . mum conor ... conor just five minute , I promise ... mum put he arm around conor who instantly fell asleep . CuT to : 2a 4 new int. mum 's bedroom - the next morning 4 new conor be very deep asleep , have obviously stay there all night . his mum be asleep , too , gently snore . in the dawn light we now see a line of medicine bottle on mum 's dresser . a wig on its stand on the dress table . conor wake , sit up . mum do not wake . he pull the cover over she . he do not glance at the medicine bottle . they be obviously part of he daily life . very slowly make sure he be not make any noise , conor get up and head out into the day by himself . int . conor 's bedroom - moment later 8 conor begin what be obviously a familiar routine . he put on he school uniform , try for the untucked rebellious look that he 's still just slightly too young for . ( he try to make he hair look cool in the mirror and put it up but he look funny and put it down again , etc ) . he open a drawer . no clean sock leave . 8a ext . conor' backgarden - moment later 8a conor get out to the backgard to where the clothes be hang to look for a clean pair of sock but all the clothes be wet . he take a wet pair of sock and go back into the house . int . conor 's Kitchen - moment later conor stuff the washing machine with laundry , over - fill it , but shutting it all in the door . 10 int . conor 's bedroom - mome nts later 10 conor pull the duvet over he bed so it 's make , if quite messy . ( clumsily hide the wrinkle of the duvet under the cushion ) 11 10 . int. conor 's house upstairs hallway - moment later 11 conor look at he mum 's bedroom ( the door be close ) and then over the top of the stair . down in the kitchen , we can hear the faint sound of a woman on she phone . this be grandma ( mid-50s , crisp , professional , very ungrandmotherly ) . conor only see the top of she head as she exit , still in she coat , still on she phone , scolding someone sternly . we do not see she face in this scene . she also be clearly make a attempt to keep she voice down . grandma ( into phone ) because I have get three showing today , that 's why . I be not responsible for you sick weimaraner - he step back so she will not see he . we only catch a glimpse of she as she leave . he wait a beat , then start down the stair , but she be - enter , carry bag of grocery , still on the phone . conor freeze . grandma stop in the hall , angry at something that 's be say . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) how dare you throw that in my face ? do you have any idea what -? ( beat , listen , gather self , still angry , whisper fiercely ) now , you listen to I , Marcus , I know full well you have cover for I - storm into kitchen . we hear she still talk . conor wait , nervous . she exit the kitchen again , still whisper . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) Fine . Fine . i’1ll call she myself . ( hang up ) lazy bastard . she exit again . conor wait a beat , then go downstairs . 11. 11a int . conor 's downstairs hallway - second later 11a conor , deeply curious , head towards the kitchen . then he hear the front door again and step quickly into - 12 . 12 int . conor 's sitting room - continuous 12 ...- where he hide behind the door . his grandma , on the phone again , enter , look for a pen and paper . grandma ( into phone ) if you do my afternoon today , I can take you open house on Saturday . ( roll eye ) of course , I will give you you commission ... she look around the warmly messy sit room , lift thing , and look for and find a bit of paper . she keep look . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) Pen , pen , pen ... this house - ( into phone ) yes , I be here right now . ( almost snap ) she 's fine . conor watch , wait to be discover , but he grandma never even turn around . she find a pen . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( into phone , coldly , find it hard to say thanks ) yes . thank you . I ... appreciate it . hang up as the caller be mid-sentence . leave . by sound , conor follow she movement into the kitchen , out again and out of the house . he wait until she car start before he feel safe to move again . 13 13. int . conor 's kitchen - moment later 13 on the counter , there be now bag of groceries and a close cardboard BOX with a post -it note on it . conor read it , do not react . open the grocery . they be full of medicinal - looking health food . conor make a face . CuT to : conor prepare himself breakfast . the toast be burnt . conor scratch the burnt stuff off with a knife . the black dust fall on the white plate . he make a couple of stroke on the dust with he finger and create a draw . 14 14 . int . conor 's kitchen - moment later 14 conor throw away he leftover ( there 's a lot he do not eat ) , and wash the breakfast dish on the sink . he stay there for a moment absentmind stare out the window . 15 . 14a ext . churchyard hilltop / conor 's house - moment later 14a conor 's Pov - a yew tree stand in the churchyard at the top of the hill in front of the house . 15 16 . int. conor' kitchen - morning - moment later 15 he finish pack he school bag with book and papers . look at the clock again . there be something he need to check . he open a drawer of the kitchen table and slam it shut make a loud dry noise . he wait there . mum ( 0.s. ) ( faint ) con ? be everything alright ? finally . conor yes mum ! it slip from my hand ! I gotta go or iI will be late ! mum ok ! rush ! 15 B 17 . int. conor' kitchen - morning - moment later 15 B conor 's mum lean against the kitchen counter with a cup of tea , scarf tie around she head . she 's clearly undergo chemo - therapy : thin , pale , bald . exhausted , but face it well . conor sweep up the glass . mum you have have breakfast ? conor yes , mum . she give he a look . she may be ill , but she 's still mum . conor ( cont 'd ) ( exasperate ) toast , cereal and juice . ( mum see no sign ) I wash the dish . mum ( quietly , look at the clean kitchen ) there 's wash go too . conor yes mum . mum reach for the broom .. mum ( sigh ) I be sorry I be not up . conor it 's okay . mum you know , it 's just this new round of - conor it 's okay . mum be surprised at strength of he interruption , but she let it pass . she turn to the grocery and the box . mum ( catch ) you grandma 's come to stay with we tomorrow for a few day . conor aw , mum . we do not need she here - 18 . mum you know how I get at this point in the treatment - conor we have be okay every time before - mum you should not have to make yourself breakfast every morning - conor I be fine - mum conor . frase conor complain beat , as it 's conor 's turn to be shocked at the interruption . mum , exhaust , smile again . mum ( cont 'd ) only a few day , I promise . that 's all I can take , too . like live with you boss . ( laugh ) she 's go to bring I a box full of wig she get somewhere , if you can believe it . be lucky if I do not end up look like a zombie Lady gaga . conor be relax , the atmosphere improve . mum regards he for a moment , then ruffle he hair . mum ( cont 'd ) ( fake serious ) now , tell I you have not shrink my favourite wool jumper ? conor laugh shyly . mum ( cont 'd ) go on , go . ( as he cross to he bag ) stop drag you foot ! he pick they up comically , like a clown . as conor put he rucksack on , mum lean against the counter , look out the window . 19 . 16-16a ext . conor 's house driveway / street - later 16-16a conor walk to school , rucksack on he back . it 's a bit of a journey , and he pull he coat tight against the cold . 16 B 20 . ext. shop road - morning 16b he 's deep in think , but he 's distract by one shop window ( the art shop where he paper bag be from ) . Inside the window be a set of art pencil that he obviously crave . he 's about to walk on but he see someone down the street . he step into the doorway to hide while he watch : a girl , lily , 12 , thick glass , the friend from the photo in he bedroom . she 's harmless , goofy , charming , but conor hold back so she will not see he . 21 . 17 ext. school outside - moment later 17 establish . conor & lily be in the first year of secondary , so they be the tiniest student among giant . 18 22. ext . alley / sport field - later 18 c/ U on conor fall , as if push , hit the concrete path . still down , he put he hand to he lip . it come away bloody . behind he , we see harry , 13 , blond wonder boy , calmly vicious bully , flanke by anton and sully , both 13 . Harry be straighten he leg , clearly have trip conor . Harry careful there , o’malley . you might fall . the minion laugh . conor be resign . this be not new . he reach for he bag and start to get up , but a perfectly time trip from Harry send he fall again . harry ( cont 'd ) always off in you own little dreamworld . what 's there that 's so interesting , o'malley ? the minion keep laugh . conor start to rise again . there 's blood on he lip . sully ( joyous ) he 's bleed ! anton he 'il have to get he slaphead mother to kiss it for he ! silence , as the group absorb this crossing of the line . conor 's face harden , but before he can respond , lily bounce back into the scene . lily you leave he alone ! [ coward ! there 's three of you and one of he ! I be not scared of you ! you be pathetic ! ] conor wince , and Harry 's minion be already laugh . not Harry , though , who never stop look at conor . sully you puppy 's here to save you , o'malley ! outrage , lily - who be , in fact , a little puppy-ish - push sully hard . surprise , he fall backwards over a shrubbery . lily I be just make it a fair fight ! 23 . miss kwan ( 0.s. ) lily evan ! everyone freeze as head of Year miss kwan ( late 30 , british - chinese descent , stern but fair ) storm over . lily they start it , miss ! miss kwan I do not want to hear it . ( to sully , now rise ) be you hurt , Sullivan ? sully , see a open , fake injury . badly . sully I might need to go home , miss . miss kwan do not milk it . ( to lily ) my office , lily . lily but , miss , they be - miss kwan now . lily they be make fun of conor 's mother ! everyone freeze . a dangerous silence . miss kwan be this true , conor ? conor look from Anton to sully , and on to lily , she face burn with injustice , but then to Harry , who be as calm and firmly fix on conor as ever . conor ( eye on Harry ) no , miss . I just fall . they be help I up . lily look like she 's be slap . miss kwan get to you form . ( to lily ) not you . miss kwan drag a aghast lily away . conor watch they go . when he turn back , Harry be hold out conor 's bag for he . Harry well do , o’malley . beat . conor take the bag and make he way inside . 24 . 19 25 . int . physical Social and Education class - later 19 a powerpoint display at the front of the class read : '' the MIRACLE of birth '' . mr clark , 40s , wry , kind , perhaps a bit soft , step up next to it . Mr Clark brace yourselves . conor sit at the back , a empty desk next to he . he look very drowsy . mr Clark ( cont 'd ) we have be study this all week . you have see the diagram , hear the description . you think you be ready to watch the real thing . he give a you - have - no-idea - what - you be - in - for chuckle and click to start a hilariously graphic childbirth documentary on the powerpoint . the sound from the documentary ( " the cervix fully dilate to 10 centimeter and the baby 's head crown when the widest part of it reach the vaginal open '' , complete with sound of a mother in labour ) fade as we focus on conor , look exhaust , fall asleep prop up he face with he hand . he 's sit under the a/c vent and the sound of it start to merge with a wind sound , that eventually rise to the soundtrack of the nightmare we hear over the title . we close on conor , the soundtrack rise to a faint scream ( " conor ! " ) . Mr Clark ( cont 'd ) conor ? conor jump as Mr Clark be right next to he . he wait to see if he 's in trouble . but Mr Clark look overly sympathetic . mr Clark ( cont 'd ) you all right there ? you look tired . ( beat , nothing from conor ) you know , if you ever want to talk - he 's interrupt by a labour- scream from the video and a accompany shout of horror from the class who can not believe what they be see ( " as soon as the baby 's head come out , the doctor will suction amniotic fluid , blood , and mucus from they baby 's nose and mouth '' ) . Mr Clark look up with a amused smile , give conor a last look , and keep patrol the classroom . conor see Harry a few seat over . Harry 's watch the exchange and look as if he 's sussing conor out , somehow . 26 . as the sound of childbirth and the accompany trauma of the class continue ( " the umbilical cord will eventually fall off due to a combination of putrefaction and mummification '' ) , lily enter from the front , eye swollen from cry . she sit next to conor in the empty desk . he do not acknowledge she , despite she furious gaze . wound , she look up at the video and be comically horrify by what she see . Mr Clark reach the front of the classroom as the sound of childbirth reach they exhaust conclusion ( '' and mother 's happy ordeal be finally over ... '' ) . Mr Clark click off the powerpoint and turn to the class . Mr Clark ( cont 'd ) any question ? apart from conor , lily and Harry , every single traumatise hand in the classroom shoot into the air . 20 27 . ext . bin street - that afternoon 20 conor walk home by himself , lose in think . lily ( 0.s. ) hey ! wait ! conor , wait ! she catch up to he . he ignore she . lily ( cont 'd ) why do you do that today ? why do not you tell miss kwan what really happen ? conor why do you butt in when it be none of you business ? lily I be try to help you . conor I do not need you help . lily ( visibly hurt ) my mum keep ask why you do not come over anymore . conor say nothing . lily ( cont 'd ) ( now genuinely distress ) what the heck be wrong with you ? I have get detention all week now . conor that 's not my problem . lily but it 's you fault . conor turn on she in fury . she step back , frighten . conor it 's you fault . it 's all you fault . he take off walk again , leave she behind . lily ( call after he ) we use to be friend ! conor carry on down the street , fast at first then slow as he near he house . he look back to see if lily be still there , half -hoping she will be . she be not . 21 28. int . conor 's sit room - moment later 21 conor enter , not too happy . mum be wait there , cardboard box open . conor look wary at a old - fashioned super 8 film projector . canister of film sit next to it . mum be nervous , excited . conor what be it ? 22 29 . int . conor 's sit room - moment later 22 conor and mum set up the projector . neither of they really know how to do it , so they figure it out together , thread the film , get it wrong , eventually get it right . mum you granddad 's old film projector . conor you mean ... like a video player ? mum ( laugh ) no , this be a relic , a proper dinosaur . conor ( long beat ) what be we suppose to do with it ? mum I wish you could have meet he . even you grandma soften up around he . by the way , she be come to stay with we tomorrow for a few day . conor aw , mum . we do not need she here - mum you know how I get at this point in the treatment - conor we have be okay every time before - mum you should not have to make yourself breakfast every morning - conor I be fine - mum conor . conor 's a bit shocked at the strength of the interruption . mum be , too . exhausted , she smile again . mum ( cont 'd ) only a few day , I promise . that 's all I can take , too . like live with you boss . she laugh . conor try to , too . 30 . mum ( cont 'd ) can we just enjoy the movie ? I get it for we . conor ( pick up film canister ) what be we watch ? mum King Kong . oldie but a goodie . conor be we really go to watch something though ? you always fall asleep . mum I will not fall asleep . I promise . ( step back ) right . I think we get it . Black & White title come up for king kong . conor ( moan ) you do not say it be black and white . mum ( mischievous ) be happy it 's not a silent movie . conor mum . mum shush . conor nestle in to watch , unhappy . 23 31 . int . conor 's sit room - later 23 it 's dark outside now . conor , despite himself , be still watch . we can see leftover of the pizza they order . he look over . his mum be asleep against the arm of the settee . he reach over and cover she with a blanket and keep watch it . but it 's the sequence where kong be on the Empire State Building . bi - plane attack and kong fall - conor be surprisingly shocked by this , obviously trigger some memory . he watch as Kong fall and fall and fall ... then with a burst of white , the reel finish , leave conor watch a blank white space . we zoom in on the white and dissolve to : 24 32 . int. conor 's bedroom / hallway - that night 24 a white sketchpad sheet . a hand come in to draw . conor at he desk . it 's raining heavily outside now , and he window be cover with condensation . his clock read 11.34 . he draw kong on the skyscraper . it 's good . he flip the paper over and draw bi - plane on the back . he hold it up to the desklamp . he flick the light on and off , make the plane appear and disappear , like they be fire shot ( sound effect : '' ratatatatatata '' lead we to sound of nightmare ) . then he draw Kong fall . he get lose in it , and the sound of the nightmare rise again . this time , we even see flash of it : 24a 33. nightmare 24a --flash of two payr of hand lock in a ferocious grip , as if one be try to keep the other from fall . conor keep draw , almost furiously . 24b 34 . nightmare 24b --flash of violent motion , dark and burn . co nor keep draw , as the soundtrack intensify . he do not notice a breeze tousle he hair or the pencil roll across the desk again . 24c 35 . nightmare 24c --flash of a distant figure on a cliff edge , call out , '' conor !! '' soundtrack cease as he sit back and blink at the sketchpad . he 's draw a gaping hole of blackness that look as if it might swallow the whole world . a face - possibly himself - stand at the edge of it , look back up to we . he suddenly hear hurried footstep in the hall . they rush past he room to the toilet . we hear he mum be brutally sick . conor wait . she vomit again . conor ( call to she ) do you need any help ? mum ( 0.s. ) ( beat , force cheer ) no , sweetheart ! beat , then water run . footstep . he cover the nightmare with the Kong draw and quickly move back to he bed . she open he door . conor you okay ? mum I be kind of use to it by now . sorry I doze off during the film . you should be asleep , too . conor I be . I be . she see he desklamp still on . she go over and pick up the sketchpad , include the nightmare draw . conor be alarmed . mum sit down on the bed next to he and look through he Kong sketches . mum this be good , conor . such a sad end . conor ( troubled ) why do they kill King Kong ? mum people do not like what they do not understand . they get scared . conor her boyfriend be a jerk . 36 . mum yeah , he 's pretty bad . conor King Kong should have squash he . Broken he into a million piece . ( make squashing motion ) boom ! she smile and turn to the nightmare finally , a little scared by the hole and the face he 's draw , but she look closer . it have very realistic eye . she 's very surprised and impressed . mum what be this ? be that you ? conor no , mum. mum look like you . conor shrug . mum ( cont 'd ) it 's very good . really , really good . the stroke of the pen ... and I love the reflection in the eye ... life be in the eye , you know . ( gentle beat ) what 's it of ? what 's this scene ? conor ( shrug ) nothing . just ... I make it up . mum well , do not matter where it come from if it 's true . that 's what artist do . they say the truth . conor smile . suddenly the mother realize what time it be . mum ( cont 'd ) gosh , it 's late , be not it ? time for we both to be asleep . she bop he playfully on the head with the sketchpad . 37 . int . conor 's bedroom - night - continuous 3 conor be back on he bed in the dark bedroom . he can not get back to sleep . he sit up and look at he small drawing desk in the corner . 3a 38 . ext . churchyard hilltop - night - continuous 3a a yew tree , huge , ancient , ominous loom on the hill overlook conor 's house . its needle - like leave be sharp in the moonlight , red berry cluster throughout its branch . it sit in a small churchyard on a hilltop , a graveyard stretch down the hill in front of it . down below , conor 's bedroom desk light come on . 3b 39 . int . conor 's bedroom - night - continuous 3b conor take out draw pencil and sharpen they . he take out a inexpensive sketchpad out of a paper bag from a art store . tire but awake , he flip through the earlier sketches - fantastical thing , superhero , etc , they be very good - and find a blank page . he tap the pencil to he tooth , wonder what to draw . his clock tick over to 12.07 , and as if on cue : monster ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) conor . a monstrous voice , deep , old as the earth itself . conor look immediately to the door . do he actually hear that ? conor mum ? but it 's not come from the door . he look out he close window . it dramatically frame the hilltop with the yew tree . conor decide to draw it , make a frame on he page for the window . a pencil start to roll across the desk . conor see it , look back up to the window : the yew tree be no longer there . conor be astonished , confuse . conor stand and look out the window . it 's shut but a breeze tousle he hair . 3 c 40 . the yew tree be now stand farther down the hill . 3 c conor stare in disbelief . as he watch , the tree begin to change . it shift and split , twist slowly , incredibly , into the shape of a towering man : -- two muscular arm make from branch twine together . --a second leg place down beside the trunk . -- the uppermost branch gather into a great and terrible face with huge , monstrous eye . conor watch , amaze , but not overly afraid ... the monster , huge and impressive , stride across the rail line , over conor 's back fence and stand up in front of he . monster conor o'malley . the voice echoe and boom . the monster suddenly fall against the house , its hand on either side of conor 's window , lowering its head to peer inside . 41 . the monster push against the house . it creak under the 3d monster 's weight . monster ( cont 'd ) I have come to get you , conor o'malley . conor ( beat ) so come and get I then . monster what do you say ? conor cross he arm . conor I say , come and get I then . the monster roar terrifyingly . conor hide at one side of he desk and put he hand over he ear at the sheer volume of the monster 's voice . monster ( taunting ) why do not you run , conor o'malley ? why do not you run for you mother ? conor look surprisingly defiant at this . he stand and close he bedroom door , as if to protect he mum . conor ( surprisingly defiant ) you leave she alone ! I be not afraid of you ! a beat , as the monster , impossibly , look surprised - and disappear . 3e 42 . then it roar and punch a enormous fist through conor 's 3e window , take out a large section of the wall . conor at last try to run , but the monster be too fast , grab he up and pull he out of he bedroom ... 43 . 3f i/e conor 's bedroom - night - continuous 3f ...- lift he high into the night . the monster roar again , still terrifying . 44 , 3g in the monster 's grasp , conor can barely breathe , but he 3g look surprisingly defiant . the monster stop , perplex . the monster get a angry look . monster you will be . before the end . I will visit you again on further night conor o'malley . and I will shake you wall until you wake . and then I will tell you three storey . and when I have finish my storey , you will tell I a forth and it will be the truth . you truth . conor ( scared now ) what be you talk about ? monster this truth that you hide . ( glower ) the truth you draw , conor o'malley . the truth you dream . conor no . no way - monster for this be why you call I . conor call you ? I do not call you - monster you will tell I the fourth tale . you will tell I the truth . conor and if I do not ? its mouth roar impossibly wide , and hundred of branch emerge from it like tentacles try to reach conor 's face . cut to : omitted 45 . 4a omitted 46 . 4a 4b 47 . int . conor 's bedroom - dawn 4b as credit end , zoom out from the draw and conor rip it up . he empty the bag of sketchpad / supplies and start fill it with berry . 48 . int . conor 's kitchen - morning - later 5 conor poke he head around the door into he kitchen . conor mum ? it 's empty . good . he drag the paper bag from the art store to the bin and shove it deep inside . it open a little ; we see that it 's full of yew tree berry . conor cover it with other rubbish . 5a omitted 49 . 5a omitted 50 . 51 . ext . conor 's house driveway - moment later conor drag the wheelie bin to the curb to leave it for the dustmen , wipe he hand , look back to the house . conor right . 25 omitted 52 . 25 26 omitted 53. 26 27 omitted 54 . 27 55 . 27 new int . conor 's bedroom - afternoon 27 new conor enter he room and throw he rucksack to the floor . he remove he clothes and check out the bruise on he chest and stomach . he change he clothes and look out the window . 28 56 . ext . conor 's bacK garden - the next morning 28 the rain have stop . it 's a cold , clear day . conor warily walk across he back garden to a old iron gate in the back fence . 57 . 28b ext . hill gate - morning 28b 28a 58. ext . train track - morning 28a this lead on to the railway line , but a lock on the gate have long since break . the gate be slouched open . conor approach , all the time watch the tree on the hilltop . he get to the gate , step slightly through , hand on the open half . a wind rustle the top of the yew tree . it also rustle conor 's hair . do we hear a whisper ? be a voice say , '' conor ... '' conor pull the gate shut firmly , still watch the tree . the wind die . mum ( 0.s. ) conor ? he turn at the call from he mum . 29 59 . int . conor 's kitchen / sittinG room - the next day 29 conor enter through the kitchen and see he grandma ( mid - 5as , crisp , professional , very ungrandmotherly ) stand with she back turn to he in the sit room . mum , red scarf tie around she head , sit on the couch look into a box . she glance up and see conor , cause grandma to turn . grandma ( crisp , not entirely friendly ) ah , there 's the little man . mum ( still look in box ) Jesus , ma , let he have a childhood first . ( pull out a terrible wig ) where do you say you get this ? grandma clearance of a very nice old people 's home . they be turn it into flat and I 'il be the agent . mum give conor a look of comical horror grandma can not see . conor smile . grandma look to see if she 's be make fun of , but mum 's face immediately go serious again . grandma ( cont 'd ) they be clean . mum thanks , ma. conor share one last conspiratorial look with he mum . grandma they x11 be warmer than that scarve . it 's not exactly summer anymore . in case you have not notice . mum ( quietly defiant ) I like my scarve . grandma ( to conor ) you mother need some tea . Green , no sugar . I take mine black . conor look at he mum at this command . she roll she eye and nod . as he leave , grandma turn back to mum . grandma ( cont 'd ) now then , elisabeth , my girl . what be we go to do with you ? 30 60 . int . conor 's kitchen - moment later 30 conor wait for the kettle . he look out the window , where the yew tree sit innocently atop the hill . he hear raise voice from the sit room . 61 . 30a ext . churchyard hilltop / conor 's house - morning 30 a he stare hard at the tree while he mum and grandma argue and the kettle whistle gain in intensity . grandma ( 0o.s. ) ...- this have go on far too long , this thing need to be discuss - mum ( 0.s. ) ma , I know what I be do - grandma ( o.s. ) yes , all that marvelous impulsive decision that never affect you life at all - mum ( 0.s. ) say the woman who schedule she toilet break . seriously , ma ? we be have this conversation now ? grandma ( o.s. ) I be sorry , I be sorry , I just - mum ( 0.s. ) go help conor with the tea or I will literally go insane . kettle whistle sound stop as grandma enter kitchen . she regards conor , hand on hip . grandma ( beat , all business , voice low so mum can not listen ) you and I need to have a talk . conor stiffen . this be not the first time for this . conor I be make tea . grandma conor - conor I be make tea . grandma ( snap ) we have to - ( beat , gather herself ) I be not you enemy , conor . I be here to help you mother . 62 . conor I know why you be here . he grab a cloth and start furiously wiping the counter . grandma snatch the cloth out of he hand . to he surprise , he see that she hand be shaking . grandma I be here because 12 - year- old boy should not be wiping down counter without be ask to first . conor be you go to do it ? grandma less of you cheek - conor she 's always sick after the treatment . she will be better tomorrow . and then you can go home . grandma do not answer , just rub she face , then she arm , keep strong emotion in check . this be a woman whose daughter may be die , after all . conor be so unsettle , he grab another cloth and start on the counter again . grandma ( barely control ) she will seem better tomorrow . but she will not be . conor do not like this at all . conor yes , she will . '' you go through the rough stuff but it 's for a good reason . '' that 's what she say . grandma clearly want to say much more but can not or will not . grandma you need to talk to she about this . ( to herself ) she need to talk about this with you . conor talk to I about what ? grandma ( beat ) about you come to live with I . there , the die be cast . conor be furious . 63 . conor I be never come to live with you . grandma conor , listen to I , if you mother - conor there 's no if . she will feel better and then you can leave - grandma conor - a panicked call from the sit room . mum ( 0.s. ) ( distress ) ma? mum ? a look of heartbreaking terror cross grandma 's face , as she bolt , almost comically fast , out of the kitchen to she daughter . conor follow , glance out the window , where the tree be still a tree - 64 . 31 int . conor 's sitting room - continuous 31 conor enter the sit room . grandma be help mum up from the floor , mum be in serious pain . mum ( gesture to mantel ) I need the oromorph - grandma ( look ) which one ? conor step forward , point . conor that one . for the stabbing pain . Quick , grim beat for grandma and mum that conor know this , then grandma grab a liquid painkiller from the mantelpiece and start to dose she daughter . mum pants as she swallow it , try to catch she breath , ride out the pain . grandma rub she back . grandma it 's okay , darling , it 's okay , shh , shh , shh . grandma look up at conor , she face set and unreadable . 32 65 . int . conor 's sit room - that evening 32 grandma set a meal , heavy on the celery , down in front of conor and he mum , who look much more tired . they eat on trays in the sit room . mum a tray where joy go to die . grandma it 's good for you . mum when in history have that ever work ? grandma 's not listen . she 's look back at the projector . grandma be you just go to leave that hunk of junk in the middle of the sit room ? mum it 's not a hunk of junk . dad love it . grandma snort , a little dismissively . mum ( cont 'd ) but all that classic . King Kong , frankenstein - grandma when exactly do you think I be bear ? I be 18 year old when Star Wars come out . I have about as much interest in boring old film as conor probably do . ( to conor ) right ? conor ( quietly ) King Kong be pretty good . grandma ( shaking she head , to mum ) you and you father . always chase butterfly . mum yeah , well , you be always there to remind we we have chore to do . 66 . grandma ( stung ) and make sure there be food on the table . mum hold up limp celery , giggle with conor. grandma see . grandma ( cont 'd ) shall I just make you ice cream sundae that you will throw back up ? ( grab pizza box , still there from before ) or order pizza that 'il make sure you have only get empty calory to face more chemo with ? mum what 's wrong with food that make I happy ? can not you let I enjoy life a bit ? grandma ( shocked ) yes ! I want you to enjoy it for a long , long time . mum ( warning she about conor ) ma - grandma why be it so bad that I have like you to take care of yourself ? mum I do not know , be it so hard to remember I be a grow woman and can make that decision for myself ? grandma ( shaking she head ) the irony of it . no one want to be like they parent , but we all expect we kid to be exactly like we . ( almost to herself ) no wonder it 's always so hard . mum ( mumble ) daddy like pizza . this really hurt . grandma stand , gather the trays , even if they be not finish . mum ( cont 'd ) ( regretful ) ma , I be - 67 . grandma disappear into the kitchen . mum look at conor and sigh . 33 68. int . conor 's hallway / conor 's bedroom - that night 33 conor stand outside he own bedroom as he grandma hand he he blanket . her bag be partially unpack on he own bed . conor just do not touch anything . grandma trust I , I 'il be do my very best not to . she hand he a last pillow . grandma ( cont 'd ) we conversation be not over , young man . she give he a '' to be continue '' look and shut the door . conor ( quietly ) oh , yes , it be . fade to black . 69 . sound fade up nightmare sound , wind , roaring scream , rise again in crescendo to : 34 70 . int . conor 's sitting room - that night 34 conor sit up , sweat , panting again . the sit room be dark . conor calm himself where he sleep on the settee . he look around the dim , untidy room . we can see plenty of get well card on the shelf , plus tumble of smart chicklit , he mum 's CD collection ( 90 rave , massive attack , blur ) , some of she drawing . conor glance impatiently at the clock display on the dvd player . it click over from 12.06 to 12.07 . a breeze tousle conor 's hair . he listen for the monster . and listen . and listen . nothing . the clock tick over to 12.08 . he see a pen roll across the top of the dvd player . other thing , include he shoe , start roll towards the kitchen . conor get to he foot , blanket wrap around he . he go into ... 35 71 . int. conor 's kitchen - continuous 35 ... the kitchen . the kitchen roll and a cup from the table be roll towards the door outside . it rattles , too . conor open it . 72 . 35a int . / ext . conor 's kitchen / back garden - night 35a the monster be wait for he . monster what take you so long ? 73 . 35b ext . conor 's back garden - continuous 35 B conor exit into he back garden . the monster tower over he again . monster it be time for I to tell you the first tale . conor ( disgust ) what good do that do I ? I do not need a story - ( look up to he bedroom ) I need a bus ticket for my grandma . monster ( more strongly ) it be time for I to tell you the first tale - conor turn away . monster ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go ? I will be listen to ! I have be alive as long as this land and you will - conor ( turn back , angry ) what do you know about anything ? monster I know about you , conor o“ malley . conor no , you do not . if you do , you would know I do not have time to listen to stupid storey from a stupid tree that be not even real . monster be the leave on you floor real ? be the berry ? conor who care if they be ! they be berry . ohhh , so scary , save I from the berry ! monster how strange . the word you say tell I you be scared of the berry but you action suggest otherwise . 74 . conor you be as old as the land and you have never hear of sarcasm ? the monster do not know how to answer that . conor ( cont 'd ) ( give up ) never mind ... I see you when I be talk to my grandma , and I think ... monster you think I come to topple you enemy . slay you dragon . conor frown . this be obviously true . conor or at least help I with my grandmother . but all you want to do be tell I stupid storey . monster story of how I topple enemy . story of how I slew dragon . the monster lean down until its face be close to conor 's . monster ( cont ’d ) let I tell you a tale of when I come walk . let I tell you of the end of a wick queen and how I make sure she be never see again . the monster look up to conor 's bedroom , where grandma sleep . conor follow he gaze . conor go on then . the monster grin he evil grin . the monster put he hand on the ground . branch , leave , twig start to twine around conor . a branch with leave cover conor 's eye . monster what do you see ? conor nothing . there be leave in the way . monster use you imagination . what do you see ? 36 75 . blackness , conor 's vision - continuous 36 we cut to blackness , what conor be see . there 's nothing . then there 's a small light . conor I see a spark . monster yes ? and ? the spark seem reflect on water . conor no , it 's water . it 's watercolour . monster keep look . a world start to appear : the light on the water become the sun reflect on a brook . pull out to see that - though the world be a abstract , water - colour- like landscape , we can recognise the hilltop behind conor 's house with a young , smaller yew tree on it . conor whoa . monster whoa , indeed . we zoom up to ... 76 . 37 ext . first Tale hilltop - day 37 ..+. the water - colour hilltop itself , turn to look down at a empty valley below . all the modern house and road be go , but there 's a small village and a loom castle . the abstract style remain for the entire tale . monster ( v.o . ) Long ago , before this be a town with road and train and car , it be a kingdom . conor ( v.0o . ) here ? we do not even have a tesco . we race down the hill , over the village and towards the Castle , swoop over moat and turret before find a window , rush through it and . 38 int . first tale castle hallway - continuous ..- down a hallway , pass maid and servant and the business of a castle before stop in the ... 77 . 38 78 . 39 int . first tale throne room - continuous 39 .- throne room , where a king sit on a throne . monster ( v.o . ) it be a happy kingdom , with a wise king who have win peace for he people . but peace have come at a price . 79 . 40 ext. first tale battlefield 1 - day - continuous 40 a battlefield of army fight . monster ( v.o. ) the king have lose all three of he son in battle . to giant . a first son of the king be kill by a giant . 4l 80 . ext . first tale battlefield 2 - day - continuous 41 a different battlefield in a different place . monster ( v.o. ) to dragon . a second son of the king be kill by a dragon . 42 81 . ext . first tale battlefield 3 - day - continuous 42 a final battlefield , one army fight another lead by a terrible wizard . monster ( v.o. ) to army of man lead by great wizard . the battle commence , hard - fight and chaotic . 82 . 42a ext . conor 's back garden - continuous 42a conor grab at the leave cover he eye . conor this be all sounding pretty fairy tale -ish . monster you would not say that if you hear the scream of a man kill by a spear . 83. 42b ext . first tale battlefield 3 - day - continuous 42 B a third son of the king be run through with a spear . the scream be terrible . we return to ... 43 84 . int . first tale throne room - day - continuous 43 the King sit forlorn on he throne again . monster ( v.o. ) the king 's sole remain heir be he orphane grandson . angle on : the toddler prince , play with a wooden toy dragon . the King watch he affectionately . Pan to reveal a queen , sit to the King 's right . monster ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) the King have take a wife in peacetime , he first have die of heartbreak at the loss of all she son . the king leap from he throne to play with the prince . the queen watch , detach . monster ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) and if the new Queen 's tongue be a bit sharp , she be at least young and fair and make the King happy . we pull back out the hallway we come in and into : 44 85 . ext. first tale countryside - day - continuous 44 the young prince run playfully through the countryside , the King in pursuit . this image continue as the Prince age : the Prince with a dog , the Prince hunt he first stag , the Prince win he first joust as a 17 - year-old . monster ( v.o . ) the Prince grow until he be nearly aman , win the love of the kingdom for he gallantry and good heart . but one day , the old king fall ill . in the audience for the joust , the king suddenly collapse . 45 86 . int . first tale throne room - day - continuous 45 the King , now in a sickbe tend by the Queen . monster ( v.o. ) rumour begin to spread that he be be poison by he wife . that she be a evil witch , bent on take the throne for herself . the Queen give the King medicine . or be it poison ? monster ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) but the King love she and even with he die breath , he begge he subject not to blame she . the King have he die breath . we rush back out of the throne room to ... 46 87 . ext . first tale countryside - day - continuous 46 ... the Kingdom , in mourn , shadowy rain come down . we find the Prince , look up at the castle . monster ( v.0 . ) the Prince be too young to take he place yet as King . the Queen would rule as Regent for another year . the future be uncertain . the farmer' daughter approach the Prince . he greet she with a flower . monster ( v.o. ) the Prince , meanwhile , have give away he heart - conor ( v.0o . ) ( groan ) I know it . there 's always some stupid prince fall in stupid love , ruin everything - monster ( v.o. ) ( louder ) the Prince , meanwhile , have give away he heart - the Prince sweep the Farmer 's daughter up in romance , run flirtatiously through orchard , exchange love letter , parting with sweet sorrow ... monster ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) she be beautiful and smart and though only a farmer 's daughter , the kingdom smile on the match . we rush back up to the castle , through the hallway and into : 88 . 47 int . first tale throne room - day - continuous 47 the Queen , sit on she throne , dispense queenliness . monster ( v.0 . ) the Queen , however , have other idea . she be rather enjoy be Queen . and what better way to remain so than to marry the prince herself ? conor ( v.0 . ) what ?! that 's disgusting ! she be he grandmother ! Queen on throne , offer this objectionable plan to Prince . monster ( v.o. ) step -grandmother , no relation , and still a young , beautiful woman herself , do not forget . the Prince , however , do not like the idea either . we rush out of the castle and into ... 48 89 . ext . first tale countryside - night - continuous 48 ... a stormy night . the Prince saddle a horse and help up the Farmer 's daughter . monster ( v.o. ) he take the farmer 's daughter and they ride away into the night - they ride through the storm , before take shelter on ... 49 90 . ext . first tale hilltop - night - continuous 49 ... the hilltop where the yew tree stand . the Prince and the Farmer 's daughter shelter at the base , under blanket . monster ( v.0 . ) stop only to shelter themselves under the branch of a yew tree . they sleep . sleep be pretty clearly not what they be do under the blanket . conor yeah , I do not think they be sleep . monster ( v.o. ) they sleep . eventually . the Prince and the Farmer 's daughter sleep . the image still as time pass and ... 50 gl . ext . first tale hilltop - day - continuous 50 ... the sun come up . the Prince wake . monster ( v.o. ) the next morning , the Prince wake . '' arise , my beloved , '' he say . the Prince mirror the monster 's word . monster ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) but the farmer 's daughter do not stir . the Farmer 's daughter slump . close on : the Prince 's bloody hand . monster ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) which be when the Prince notice the blood . conor ( v.0o . ) blood ? the Prince stand . blood everywhere . monster ( v.o. ) someone have kill he beloved in the night and make he look like the murderer . '' the Queen ! '' he cry . '' the Queen be responsible for this treachery ! '' the Prince mirror the monster 's word . Men approach from a distance . monster ( v.0 . ) ( cont have ) he see man approach and know they would be send to arrest he . conor ( v.0o . ) and the queen would be able to rule on she own ! I hope this story end with you rip she head off . the Prince look around in panic . monster ( v.o. ) there be nowhere for the Prince to run . his horse have be chase away . he turn to the only place he could look for help . the Prince look up at the yew tree . conor ( v.o. ) you ? 92 . the Prince talk to the tree . we do not hear what he say . the tree remain a tree . conor ( v.0o . ) ( cont would ) what do he say ? monster ( v.o. ) he say enough to bring I walk . we rush away from hilltop and down into ... 51 93. ext . first tale countryside - day - continuous 51 ... the Prince racing through the countryside . monster ( v.o. ) he run through the village . '' the Queen have murder my bride ! the Queen must be stop ! '' behind the Prince , the monster come , terrifying , huge . monster ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) the people be quick to rally to the Prince when they see the great Green man behind he , high as the hill , come for vengeance . the Prince lead the villager to a storming of the castle , the monster behind they . it tear down the castle wall . flame rise , turret tumble , until we angle on : the terrify Queen scream in the monster 's upraise hand . monster ( cont 'd ) the Queen be never see again . 94 . 52-52a ext . conor 's back garden - night - continuous 52-52a conor push away the leave and look up to the monster . conor good ! she deserve it ! he turn to the upstairs bedroom where he grandma sleep . conor ( cont 'd ) I do not suppose you can help I with she ? I mean , I do not want you to burn she at the stake or anything - monster the story be not yet finish . conor turn to the monster , confuse . conor but you say the Queen be never see again . monster indeed . the monster put the leave back over conor 's eye . we rush back into ... 53 95 . ext . first tale hilltop - day - continuous 53 ..+. the Castle burn in the background as the monster , still hold the Queen , walk away from it . monster ( v.0 . ) I carry she far enough away so that she people would never find she - the Queen look quite safe in the monster 's hand . monster ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) to a village by the sea , where she begin a new life . 96 . 54 ext . conor 's back garden - night - continuous 54 conor be outrage , push the leave away again . conor but she kill the Farmer 's daughter ! how can you save a murderer ? he try to step back from the monster in dawn fright . conor ( cont 'd ) you really be a monster . monster I never say she kill the farmer 's daughter . I only say that the Prince say it be so . the monster twist some branch into a frame . conor watch it like a television . we move through the frame into : 55 97 . ext . first tale hilltop - night - continuous 55 the Prince and the Farmer 's daughter , sleep , as before . monster ( v.o. ) the Prince never fall asleep that night . the Prince rise and look down at the Farmer 's daughter . he go to he tie - up horse and retrieve something , set the horse free in the process . monster but wait for the Farmer daughter to be lose in she dream and then begin he real plan . close on : a knife glint in the Prince 's hand as he approach the sleep Farmer 's daughter . conor ( v.o. ) no ! we rush back from the hilltop to ... 98 . 56 ext . conor 's back garden - night - continuous 56 conor watch in shock as the scene fade on the hilltop , the monster lowering he hand . conor you say he be surprised when he wake up ! monster he be merely act out a pantomime should anyone be watch . conor but ... but you say he ask you for help and you give it ! monster I only say he tell I enough to make I come walk . I never say I come to help he . conor what do he say then ? monster he say it be for the good of the kingdom . that the queen be , in fact , a witch , too powerful to topple on he own , so he kill the Farmer 's daughter to get the fury of the people behind he . just as the King 's son have die in battle , the Farmer 's daughter have give she life to a great good . conor that 's a load of crap ! monster the justification of man who kill should always be hear with scepticism . conor do he ever get catch ? monster he become a much beloved king who rule happily until the end of he long day . conor unhappily consider all this . 99 . conor so the good prince be a murderer and the evil queen be not a witch after all ? the monster begin to rumble , louder and louder , until we realise it 's laugh , a laugh that shake the earth , spook owl from they perches , cause leave to fall . monster ( calming some ) no , the Queen most certainly be a witch and could well have be on she way to great evil . who can say ? conor why have you save she then ? monster because what she be not , be a murderer . she have not poison the king . he have merely grow old . conor I do not get it . who 's the good guy here ? monster there be not always a good guy . nor be there always a bad one . most people be somewhere inbetween . conor that 's a terrible story . and a cheat . monster it 's a true story . many thing that be true feel like a cheat . kingdom get the prince they deserve , farmer 's daughter die for no reason , and sometimes witch merit save . quite often , actually . you would be surprised . conor glance unhappily up to he bedroom window again . conor so how be that suppose to save I from she ? monster ( 0.s. ) it be not she you need save from . conor turn back to the monster , but he 's go . on the hilltop , the yew tree be back in place , as if nothing have happen . which be annoying . 57 100 . ext . pavement conversation with lily - the next day 57 conor walk to school , rucksack on he back , stop to look at the pencil case again . he start walk as lily catch up to he . she do not say anything at first , just wait for he response . get none . lily I forgive you . conor say nothing , just walk on . lily ( cont 'd ) I forgive you for get I in trouble , okay ? conor you get yourself in trouble . lily ( ignore this ) and I forgive you for all the thing you say , too . conor remain silent . lily be defiant , but hopeful . lily ( cont 'd ) be not you go to say you be sorry back ? conor stop , and he anger back lily into a nearby wall . conor I be not sorry , and I do not forgive you . lily my mum say we need to make allowance for you , but I just think you be act like a jerk - conor I be do just fine before you screw everything up . lily ( baffle ) I ?! conor no one know , lily . no one . and then you mum tell you and then guess what ? suddenly everybody know - lily about you mum - ? 101 . conor ( over ) - and now they all treat I like I be the sick one or that I be not really there or ... he stop , choke up , angry about it . he take off again , leave lily behind . 58 102 . int . physical Social and Education CLASS - day - later 58 Mr. Clark be patrol the classroom . total silence , all pupil concentrate on they papers . mr . clark 10 more minute to hand in you exam . the kid be do a test . conor at the end of the classroom , have he headphone on and be draw on the exam paper . Mr. Clark see he . conor look up as if sense he . beat . Mr. Clark approach conor but when it look like he be go to tell he off he turn he back to he and head back to the front of the room . Harry have watch the whole exchange . 103 . 59 int . School corridor first floor - day - lateR 59 conor move from one classroom to another . alone . he get a few confuse look from other , but no one speak to he . 60 omitted 104 . 60 61 105 . ext . schoolyard - day - later 61 conor stand by himself again . he look around until he see Harry , Anton and sully come out of a door together . he seem almost to relax . then , surprisingly , he head over in they direction . 62 106 . ext . schoolyard - day - moment later 62 conor fall to the pavement again . he get to one knee , a tear in he trousers . sully and anton be laugh . harry , as usual , stare with odd focus at conor . sully seriously , o’malley . all this fall ! Anton you drunk or something ? conor see classmate filing back into the building , lily among they . she look at he . then look away . harry o'malley be not drunk , no . he just like play with we . why be that , o'malley ? sully reach for the rise conor to cause more mischief . harry ( cont 'd ) do not touch he . sully do not touch he ? but it 's such a punchable face - sully step towards conor . conor clinch a fist - harry ( firmly ) I say , do not touch he . sully immediately step back . Harry ( cont ’d ) o' malley and I have a understanding . I be the only one who touch he . be not that right ? conor say nothing , but this do seem to be the agreement . anton Harry , come on - harry no , you see , there 's something I want to find out . Harry step closer . conor do not back away . Harry raise a fist as if to strike conor . again , conor do not flinch , just wait for the punch . beat . Harry drop he fist . 107 . harry ( cont 'd ) yeah . that 's what I think . then he swing a fast , vicious punch to conor which we do not see connect - cut to : 63 int. conor 's house front hallway - later 108 . 63 conor enter , home from school , some bruise on he face , but have not even shut the door before grandma be on he . grandma ( brusque , businesslike ) good , you be home . you mum 's upstairs . she want to talk to you . conor what - grandma ( put a phone to she ear ) you father 's fly in on Sunday . conor dad 's come ? from America ? grandma ( unhappy ) yes , and I get to arrange it . lucky I . go. you mum 's wait . grandma exit to the sit room . conor why be my dad come ? grandma ( close door behind she ) and pack a bag . you be come to stay with I for a few day . then she 's go . conor stand for a moment , shellshocked . 64 109 . int . conor 's hallway / mum 's bedroom - moment later 64 conor approach the door to he mum 's bedroom . he 's badly disconcert . he put he hand on the knob but wait for a moment . he take a deep breath , open the door - boom ! Inside be entirely take over by the nightmare : blackness , roaring and scream , a horrible deafen noise churn the blackness , a voice call '' conor ! '' in terror - conor call out and slam the door . mum ( 0.s. ) ( from conor 's room ) conor ? I be in here . conor breathes heavy for a moment . he open he mum 's door a crack . it 's normal . he close it and go to he own bedroom . 65 110 . int . conor 's bedroom - day - continuous 65 his mum , in a terrible tina turner - esque wig , lie on he bed , look out at the yew tree , sketching on conor 's sketchpad . mum hi , sweetheart . come sit . he sit down next to she on the bed . she 's sketching the yew tree . the draw be half - finish , but really excellent . mum ( cont 'd ) ( with / of turn ) yew tree be amazing , you know . live for thousand of year . and they be always plant in churchyard because the - conor ( finish , hear it a thousand time ) - berry be poisonous so they have to be keep away from cow and stuff . mum no , that 's just the official version . the real reason be that yew tree dig they root down into the grave and take all the thing the dead wish they could have say and spread they into the world through they leave . conor ( skeptical ) uh-huh . mum turn and smile at he , exhaust , set down the half - finish sketch . conor give a horrify look at the wig on she head . she laugh . mum I know . Tina Turner . if she be from Sheffield . conor I do not really know who that be . 65 a 111 . ext. churchyard hilltop / conor 's house - day 65 a mum tug the wig off , laugh , tie a scarf on she head . they both look at the tree . mum start stroking he hair . conor why be I go to stay with grandma ? be you go back to hospital ? mum ( sigh lovingly ) we have be here before , sweetheart . I feel really bad and I go in and they take care of it . conor then why be dad come ? mum pause in the hair stroking , but pick right back up . mum be not you excited ? conor grandma do not seem too happy . mum ( snort ) well , you know how she feel about you father . do not listen to she . beat , silence . conor brace himself . conor there 's something else , be not there ? mum quickly , forcefully , cut off he worry . mum look at I , son . he do . mum ( cont 'd ) the latest treatment 's not do what it 's suppose to . so they be go to adjust it , try something else . that 's all . conor that 's all ? 112 . mum ( nodd ) that 's all . there 's lot more they can do . it 's normal . do not worry . conor you be sure ? mum I be sure . conor because ... you could tell I , you know . and here 's the moment , where she could tell he everything . but she can not , not yet . she lean shoulder . mum I remember when you be a little baby , and it be just the two of we . and you would get , like , a fever or something . I use to get so scared . I be really , really young - only six year older than you , if you can believe it - and this be a time when thing werent go so great . you dad be go and I be not speak to you grandma . and I keep think , what if I get this wrong ? it “d be the middle of the night and I would not know what to do , i°d have no one to ask , no one to lean on . and do you know what I would always do ? I have look into you eye , into you little baby eye , and I would say , '' we be a team , I and you . we be in this together . '' and I have still be scared , but it do not matter so much anymore . because you be count on I , and that be the only thing that matter . ( rub he head ) still be . up , put a arm around he , she head on he they both look out at the tree . mum ( cont 'd ) I all bet that old tree will keep a eye on the house for we while you be at you grandma 's . conor 's expression be priceless . his mum grab he and turn he to she , faux - serious . 113 . mum ( cont 'd ) but for God 's sake , whatever you do , do not touch you grandmother 's clock . cut to : 114 . 66-66a ext ./ int . grandma 's driveway / sit room - day later 66-66a the face of grandma 's prize grandfather clock . it 's against the wall of a pristine sit room , every surface clean and museum-like , include glass display case with figurine , low bookcase , porcelain knickknack . the polar opposite of conor 's warmly untidy house . conor lean on the doorframe . grandma very carefully sets her wristwatch by the clock ( not vice versa ) . grandma ( look at clock ) I have get a house to show . I be trust you here alone until you dad show up . conor I be not five year old . grandma ( ignore this , finish with watch ) this be the correct time . not the one on you computer , or even the one on the news . right here . I almost get this on antique roadshow once . it belong to my mother - you grear-grandmother . perfect time keep for over a hundred year . conor roll he eye . a very old story . she brushes past he : 67 115 . int. grandma 's front hallway - continuous 67 she glide smoothly to a mirror , check how she look . on the wall , we might notice some picture of she and she family , include one of she with conor 's grandfather , play by the same actor as the monster . grandma pick up you rucksack , please . do not want you father to think I be keep you in a pigsty . conor ( mutter ) not much chance of that . his grandma open a front closet , put on a coat . grandma now , conor , when you go to the hospital , you father may not notice how tired you mum 's be get , okay ? so we be go to have to make sure he do not overstay he welcome . final check in the mirror . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) not that that 's historically be a problem . she give one last appraise look at conor . grandma ( cont 'd ) if you get hungry before you dad get here , there 's steam broccoli in the fridge . no egg . you have already have egg twice this week . ( frown , sigh ) be good . and let herself out . 68 116 . int . grandma 's Kitchen - moment later montage as conor look around he grandma 's house for something to do . first in she spotless kitchen , cupboard full of nothing a boy might like to eat . 68 69 117 . int . grandma 's kitchen - moment later conor now stand on the counter - top , digging deep into a cupboard . he find a packet of cookie . conor get in . 69 70 118. int . grandma 's tv room - moment later 70 conor in a sterile tv room , eat the cookie . only dull channel ( BBC , live ) be available . every channel he want to watch block by a pin code . 71 119 . int . grandma 's guest room - moment later 71 conor open the door to he temporary bedroom . his suitcase be open , clothes remove , but the room be bright white , picture of sailboat on the wall . it could be a hotel room . 72 120 . ext . grandma 's back garden - moment later 72 conor step out into he grandma 's back garden which have no green space at all , just stone path , shed and a office she 's have build in the back . no hilltop on the horizon . no tree to be see anywhere . 73 121. int . grandma 's corridor , upstairs - moment later 73 conor climb the steep step up to the door of grandma 's loft conversion . it 's lock . he can not believe it . he try to look through the keyhole , but can only see glimpsis of a room inside . then conor jump at the sound of the doorbell . he hurry down the stair to ... 74 122. int . grandma’s front hallway - continuous 74 ...- the front door . he open it on : he dad , late thirty , handsome , slightly too boyish for he own good . conor 's give he a genuinely free smile . 75 123. int . chinese Restaurant - later that evening 75 conor and he dad sit at a table , wait for they food . dad have a glass of red wine , conor a clear soft drink . dad be not quite sure how to talk to this son he do not see very often . his accent be half -irish / half -american . dad how you hang in there , champ ? conor '' champ '' ? dad sorry . America be almost a whole different language . dad fidget with he wine glass . conor drum lightly with he chopstick . dad ( cont 'd ) you mom seem pretty good tonight . a real fighter , that one . conor shrug . dad ( cont 'd ) you look tired , con . how be you hold up ? conor that 's like the eight hundredth time you have ask I that . dad sorry . conor I be fine . mum 's on this new medicine . it will make she better . why be everyone act like she 's ... he stop . take a drink . dad '' everyone '' ? conor grandma . want I to come live with she . dad you mean when you mum - 124 . conor if . dad ( take the correction ) if you mum ... conor but that 's not go to happen . dad still . you be go to need to be brave for she . you be go to need to be real , real brave . conor you talk like american television . dad take this in good humour . dad you sister 's do well . almost sit up by herself . conor half-sister . dad I can not wait for you to meet she . I have be talk to you grandma about get you out to LA . conor look up surprised and with nascent hope . conor you want I to come to LA ? dad absolutely ! would you like that ? I be think maybe over Christmas , so we can get you back in time for school ... dad smile , pleased he 's connect . then he blow it . conor ( suspicious ) but ... you mean ... just for a visit , then . dad yeah , it will be great ... beat as he realize that 's not what conor be hope for . conor I do not want to live with grandma . it 's a old lady 's house . ( more ) 125 . conor ( cont 'd ) you can not touch anything or sit anywhere and you can not leave a mess for even two second . dad we can talk to she about that . I be sure there be plenty of way to make you comfortable - conor I do not want to be comfortable ! I want my own room in my own house . dad ( wince ) you would not have that in America . we barely have room for the three of we . besides , you school be here , you life be here . it have be unfair to take you out of it . conor unfair to who ? dad ( sighing ) this be what I mean . when I say you be go to have to be brave . conor ( pour cold water ) can we talk about the visit when mum get better ? dad , resign , can not find the strength to talk to conor honestly . give in . dad of course , champ . that 's exactly what we will do . a waitress set they meal down in front of they . neither of they make a move to eat . 76 126 . ext . grandma 's House - later that evening 76 conor and he dad pull up outside he grandma 's house in he father 's rental car . dad do not look like you grandma 's home yet . conor she sometimes go back to the hospital after I go to bed . the nurse let she sleep in a chair . dad you grandma may not like I much , but that do not mean she 's a bad lady . conor she say you be all start and no finish . dad ( laugh , wounded ) that might be true . conor how long be you here for ? dad as long as I can . conor how much be that ? dad ( sighing ) we do not have a ton of money . and Americans do not get much holiday . conor you be not american . dad but I live there now . you be the one who make fun of my accent all night . conor why do you come then ? dad because you mum ask I to . as seriousness of this be absorb . dad ( cont 'd ) I 'il come back , though . you know , when I need to . and you will visit we at Christmas ! conor in you cramped house , where there 's no room for I . dad conor - conor ( again ) why do you come ? dad do not answer . reaches out to put a hand shoulder , but conor avoid it and get out of dad ( through open door ) conor , wait . i’1l see you tomorrow , yeah ? there 's still plenty of time . 127 . on conor 's the car . conor do not really believe this . he shut the car door . 77 128. int . grandma's sitting room - evening - moment later 77 we hear conor come in the front door . he enter the sit room , slumping down unhappily on the settee . he take off he coat , but end up fight with the sleeve . he stand , get frustrated , eventually throw the coat to the floor . he stand there , breathe , on the verge of let all he bottled up anger go . almost absentmindedly , he kick he rucksack ( set against the settee ) . it spill open , dump he sketchpad , which open at a draw of the swallow hole and the face look back . enrage , he tear the picture out and rip it in two , throw the piece into the sit room . he 's still angry , and it 's grow , not abate . it feel strangely good . he flexe he fist , anger still fizzing . suddenly , bong ! bong ! the precious clock start strike the 9 o'clock hour . conor approach it . it chime away , the pendulum swinging . still edgy , conor grab it mid-sw . the bong continue , but the clock make a groan sound . holding the pendulum in place , conor start push the dial of the clock around . they resist at first , but he push they harder and faster , until they be spin around the face . the bong groan alarmingly as he pass each hour , but he keep go , faster and faster , until - SNAP ! the second hand break in two in he grip . oh , no . conor come to he sense , realise what he 's do . the clock be break , really break , freeze in place . he 's doom , and so horrify he do not register that the now non-move hand have stop at 12.07 . monster ( 0.s. ) as destruction go , this be remarkably pitiful . conor turn and see that somehow , impossibly , the monster be in he grandma 's sit room . it fill up all available space , fold its massive form into every corner , its head bump the ceiling . conor look back at the clock , frantic now . monster ( cont 'd ) now , I have come to tell you the second tale . conor make a exasperate sound . he 's get bigger thing to worry about . 129 . conor be it as bad as the last one ? monster it end in proper destruction , if that 's what you mean . this have conor 's attention , somewhat , but he shake he head . conor no , I can not , I - monster it 's about a man who think only of himself . a man who be not generous like he should have be . the monster lean forward . monster ( cont 'd ) a man who get punish very badly indeed . conor ( intrigue , skeptical ) story be not real , though . they do not help anything . monster story be wild creature , conor o'malley . when you let they loose , who know what havoc they might wreak ? another beat , until : conor I be listen . monster good . the monster 's branch surround conor again , leave cover he eye and we be - 78 130 . ext . second Tale landscape - day - continuous 78 ... fly over far more colourful landscape than before , but this time it 's GREEN and verdant and more realistic , like a oil painting . monster ( v.0 . ) one hundred and fifty year ago the world be become industrialized . the green end as we plunge through the tree into '' industry '' on the valley floor : black factory belching smoke and fume , scraggly silhouettes of crow and trodden - down worker , fish jump in pollute river . monster ( v.o. ) but there be still green , if you know where to look . we come out the other side to a surprisingly quiet GREEN hillside . we turn and see that conor and the monster be now stand in the landscape , they figure realistic , not stylise , as the monster draw conor 's attention to : angle on : the apothecary , walk up the hillside . a more realistic figure than the first tale , but still stylize . monster ( v.o. ) his name be not important . the villager only ever call he the apothecary . conor ( v.0 . ) the what ? monster ( v.o. ) the apothecary . conor ( v.o. ) the what ? monster ( v.0 . ) a old - fashioned name for pharmacist or chemist . conor ( v.0 . ) oh . why do not you just say ? the apothecary dig up root and pick leave and herb . monster ( v.o. ) the apothecary deal in the old way of medicine . herbs and root . concoction brew from berry and leave . 131 . conor ( v.0 . ) dad 's new wife do that . she own a shop that sell crystal . monster ( v.o . ) it be not remotely the same . the apothecary reach the edge of a wood and see it drastically cut back for the industry below . monster ( v.0 . ) the apothecary have dedicated he life to heal . but the world be change . he grow resentful and unforgive . 79 132 . ext . second tale village - day - continuous 79 the apothecary pedal he ware to various villager . we get a sense of bad - temper and bitterness . monster ( v.o . ) people in the valley stop seek he out , prefer modern medicine . which only make he more bitter . the apothecary , door slamm against he , slouches off alone . we pull back across the valley to ... 80 133. ext . second tale hilltop fringe - day - continuous 80 ... the same hilltop as behind conor 's house , but this time there be a parsonage beside the yew tree , and the beginning of a church be build . conor and the monster stand off to one side , in the landscape again . monster in the apothecary 's village , there also live a parson - conor this be the hill where you live . ( on the 2nd yew tree ) that 's you . monster yes . on the parsonage grounds there also grow a yew tree . two small figure run out playfully from the parsonage , chase each other , run up a path away from we towards the yew tree in the graveyard . monster ( cont ’d ) the parson have two daughter , who be the light of he life . conor I will bet he have room for they in he house ... we move forward and close on : 134 . 81 ext . second tale hilltop - day - continuous 81 the apothecary , watch the yew tree intently . monster ( v.o. ) now , the apothecary want the parson 's yew tree very badly . conor ( v.0o . ) he do ? why ? monster ( v.o. ) ( surprised ) the yew tree be the most important of all the heal tree . its berry , its bark , they burn and twist with life . it can cure almost any ailment , if mix by the right apothecary , of course . conor ( v.0 . ) ( think ) really ? the apothecary look enviously at the tree . monster ( v.o. ) in order to use the tree , though , the apothecary would have to cut it down , and this the parson would not allow . the parson come out warningly ; the apothecary leave . monster ( v.o. ) the parson be not a unkind man . he want the best for he congregation , want to take they out of the dark age of superstition and witchery . we zoom in on the parson figure and he 's suddenly ... 82 135 . int . second tale pulpit - day - continuous 82 .+- preaching to he congregation . monster ( v.o . ) he preach against the apothecary 's use of the old way , and the apothecary 's foul temper and greed make certain that sermon fall on eager ear . we pull out from the pulpit , through a celebratory congregation , out of the church to ... 83 136 . ext . second tale countryside - day - continuous .-.- the apothecary slinking away . we keep pull back to : 83 84 ext . second tale hilltop - night - continuous the parsonage be now a drab and grey place . monster ( v.o . ) but then the parson 's daughter be strike by a terrible sickness . figure move in the window of the parsonage . monster ( v.o . ) nothing the parson do help . no prayer , no cure from the more modern doctor , nothing make they better . there be no choice but to approach the apothecary . the parson step sadly out onto he doorstep . 137 . night pass . 84 85 ext . the the the the the the the 138. second tale apothecary 's hovel - night - continuous 85 parson be on he knee before the apothecary , in front of apothecary 's hovel . monster ( v.0 . ) '' will you not help my daughter ? '' the parson begge . '' will you not save two innocent girl ? '' apothecary stand over the parson haughtily . monster ( v.o . ) '' why should I ? '' say the apothecary . '' you have drive away my business with you preaching , and you have refuse I the yew tree , my best source of heal . '' apothecary walk away . the parson chase he . monster ( v.o . ) '' you may have the yew tree , '' say the parson . '' I will preach sermon in you favour . I will do anything if you would only save my daughter . '' apothecary stop , surprised . monster ( v.o . ) '' you would give up everything you believe in ? '' say the apothecary . '' if it would save they , '' say the parson , '' I would give up everything . '' apothecary turn and enter he house . monster ( v.o . ) '' then there be nothing I can do to help you , '' say the apothecary . apothecary 's door close on the parson . conor ( v.0 . ) ( shocked ) what ? we pull back from the apothecary 's hovel to ... 139 . 86 ext . second tale hilltop ( tbc yard ) - day - continuous 86 ... the parsonage , where the parson and he wife stand over two new grave . monster ( v.0 . ) the very next day , both of the parson 's daughter die . conor ( v.o. ) what ? monster ( v.o. ) and that night , I come walk . 140 . 87 ext . second tale hilltop fringe ( studio ) - night - continudis conor and the monster still watch the tale . conor good ! he deserve all the punishment he get ! monster indeed . it be shortly after midnight that I tore the parson 's home from its very foundation . the monster shockingly step into the tale , become sytlize along with it . conor watch he walk down the path to the parson 's house . conor ( shocked ) the parson ?! the monster start destroy the parsonage , tear off its roof and fling it down the hill , send the parson and he wife flee in terror . conor be outrage . conor ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? the monster knock down a wall . monster when time be easy , the parson nearly destroy the apothecary with he belif . but when he daughter be sick , he be willing to sacrifice every belief to save they . conor so ? so would everybody ! what do you expect he to do ? monster I would have expect he to give the apothecary the yew tree when he first ask . conor ( surprised ) you would have let yourself be kill ? the monster destroy another bit of the parsonage . monster it would have save many life , include the parson 's daughter . 141 . conor but the apothecary be evil ! monster he be greedy and rude , but he be still a healer . the parson ? what be he ? a man who think he believe , but be actually too weak to hold on to anything worth believe in . the monster topple a chimney . monster ( cont ’d ) belief be half of all heal . belief in the cure , belief in the future that await . ( to conor ) you belief be valuable , so you must be careful where you put it . and in whom . beat , as the monster get a mischievous look . monster ( cont 'd ) tell I , conor o’malley . what shall I destroy next ? conor ( beat , bewilder ) what ? the monster kick down a wall . monster it be most satisfy , I assure you . come on ! tell I ! conor hesitates , still unsure . monster ( cont 'd ) what should I destroy ? I await you command . conor hesitates again . conor ( confuse ) snap the chimney ! monster the chimney ! the monster unhesitatingly knock over what remain of the fireplace . co nor step closer . that feel interesting . monster ( cont 'd ) next ! 142. conor throw away they bed . monster the bed ! the monster reach into the house and fling the bed nearly to the horizon . conor begin to feel liberated . conor smash they furniture ! the monster stomp on the parsonage 's furniture . conor ( cont 'd ) break they window ! the monster do not , but step back and gesture to the window as if in invitation . monster window ? break they yourself , come on ! conor get a excited smile and pick up a large fall branch and run down the path to the parsonage , turn into a stylized version of himself , join the destruction . we remain very close on conor as he smashes one window and then another , he face blaze with excitement and fury . monster ( cont 'd ) harder ! harder , conor o’ malley ! come on ! that 's it ! that 's it ! yes ! hard as steel , conor o'malley ! feel good , do not it ? again ! but the light be slowly change , darken as he continue smash , the landscape and conor become less stylize . until he take one last ferocious swing , fling the branch away with a cry , spin around ... 88 143. int . grandma 's sitting room - night - continuous 88 .-- he 's back in he grandma 's sit room . where he 's destroy nearly everything . the settee be in piece , the side table break , the glass display cabinet shattered , papers strewn from the bookcase . worst be the clock . knocked over and break into piece almost beyond recognition . conor be ankle - deep in rubble . conor oh , no . no , no , no . and then , almost before he can compute it , there 's worse : he grandma 's car pull up outside . he freeze . the light from she car shine behind the sit room curtain , then turn off . he hear she door open . there 's nowhere for he to run , not a single thing he can do except follow the sound of she come up the front step , turn she key in the lock , come in through the front door , down the hallway and - she enter she sit room . before she register anything , she unguard face be serious and worried . but then she look up . grandma what - she look slowly around the room , she face in ever- grow horror , she mouth open . she lean down and pick up a piece of she beloved clock . we wait for the apocalypse . but then she face change . she put a palm over she mouth as if to try and stop sound from come out . then she slap a second hand over it . but she can not help it . a horrible , anguish keen escape from she . and again . this be much worse than she be angry . conor ( wary ) grandma ? grandma take she hand away from she mouth and she scream . it 's wordless and furious . she scream again , step into the sit room . conor think she might go to attack he and surprisingly , put up he fist , ready to fight - but she head for the one last remain display cabinet , put she hand behind it and take one , two , three push to send it crash to the ground . 144 . she lean forward , gasp , rag , she face break with anguish . then she leave the sit room without another word . conor stand there , beyond shocked . 145 . 89-89a int . grandma 's driveway / upstairs - moment later 89-89a conor slowly approach he grandma 's loft ( the lock one ) . the light be on underneath the door . he can hear she in there , weep . he stay outside , not know what to do . 90 146 . int . grandma 's guest room - the next morning 90 conor lie awake in bed . it 's the morning after . it look like he have not sleep . he hear footstep around the house , then the front door slamm . he get up . 91 147 . int . grandma 's stairwell - moment later 91 conor come slowly down the stairway , but the house seem to be empty . he glance in the sit room . someone have make a futile effort to clean it a bit . he head into : 148 . 92 int . grandma 's kitchen - continuous 92 where to he astonishment , dad be cooking breakfast . dad I know you like ‘em scramble . conor what be you do here ? dad what do you think ? he motion for conor to sit at the table , then dish up two plate , set one in front of conor and sit down himself . they eat in silence , conor just play at he food . dad ( cont 'd ) that be quite a mess you make . conor say nothing . dad ( cont 'd ) she call I this morning . very , very early . ( beat , it 's not what we expect ) you mum 's take a turn , conor . you grandma 's go to hospital . conor look up . dad ( cont 'd ) we agree I would drop you off at school - conor School !? I want to see mum ! dad it 's no place for a kid right now , conor . we will see how the day go and maybe we can visit for a little while this afternoon . conor look down at he breakfast , no longer hungry . dad ( cont 'd ) hey , remember what I say about you be brave ? well , now 's the time you have to do it , con. ( nod to sit room , thoughtful ) I can see how upset you be . conor I do not mean to . I do not know what happen . 149 . dad worse thing happen at sea . conor what do you mean ? be not you go to punish I ? dad ( sighing ) what could possibly be the point of that , con ? conor look surprised , perhaps even displease . dad watch he look distraught . dad ( cont 'd ) you know what ? maybe you do not have to go to school today . 93 150 . ext . football pitch ( amusement park ) - day - later 93 conor and he dad kick a football around , serious at first , but then conor start to lighten up at he father 's teasing . they laugh at they mistake , cheer good move . it 's a montage of joy , a glimpse of the boy conor actually be . dad be quite boyish , too . dad score a goal and celebrate like a kid , hand over head , while conor laugh . dad watch this closely , like he 's just realize that the boy smile before he be he son . 94 151 . ext . carpark ( amusement park ) - day - later 94 conor sit in he dad 's car while dad be on a mobile phone outside . we can not hear dad , but he do not look very happy . he hang up , frustrated , get back in the car . conor be mum okay ? dad ( blink ) that be you stepmom back in LA . and yeah , everything 's fine . now , we have get some clean up to do . conor do not believe he as they pull away . 95 152. int . grandma 's sitting room - later 95 conor and dad put break thing into bin liner . dad ( amaze ) gotta say , champ , this be really just amazingly thorough . conor do not answer , just put more trash in a bin liner . he see something , pick it up . it 's the tear image of he nightmare draw . he 's mesmerise by it . dad ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ooh , bury treasure . conor turn to he father . he 's hold some old homemade dvd . he read through the label . dad ( cont 'd ) it 's all that old home movie you mum use to send to I of you when I move away . guess you grandma get copy , too . he carefully set they on the mantelpiece . conor ( shy ) why do you move away ? dad sigh . dad you have no idea how young we be , con . we have all this dream , big , foolish one that you grandma do not approve of . and then ... we change . conor ( beat , take the blame ) because mum get pregnant with I . dad ( comforting ) hey , hey , hey . you be only ever good news . you mum never regret have you . I know that for a fact . ( rueful smile ) because she 's always say how much she regret marrying I . conor why do she marry you then ? 153. dad my devilish good look . no , we have a lot in common . we life , we future . you mum be amazing . still be . ( sighing ) but we grow apart . you grandma be kind of support we then and insist we be more practical and I ... I be maybe less amazing than I should have be . we be just so young . too young . conor you do not get happily ever after . dad that 's life , though . most of we just get messily ever after . dad see conor 's tear draw and pick it up , impressed . dad ( cont 'd ) even I be happy you take after she . ( beat ) shall we go see how thing be at the hospital ? 154 . 96-96a ext ./ int. hospita L corridor - later 96-96a conor sit in the wait area outside he mum 's hospital room . grandma sit in a chair , pointedly away from conor , not look at he . he do not approach she . the hospital room door open and a lawyer step out , put away some papers that conor 's parent have clearly just sign . dad see the lawyer out the door , hold up a '' one second '' finger to conor . close the door . grandma stand as the lawyer approach . they clearly have business together . conor watch they go . then he hear voice argue within the hospital room . mum ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) bad show , Callum . again . dad ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) you be change the argument , lizzie - his curiosity get the best of he , conor rise , push the door open and ... 97-97a 155 . int . hos pital room door / hospital room - continuous 97-97a ... they see conor and stop , look at he guiltily . mum hey there . the room be fill with get - well card and flower . the anger on he mum 's face be quickly hide behind a exhaust smile . she 's clearly much sicker and weaker . her voice be heavier , as with a chest infection . conor pause before enter , suspicious . he hold out the coffee to he dad , who take it . conor why be everyone yell ? mum give dad a look like '' you tell he '' . dad I have get some bad news , con . I have to fly back tomorrow . conor the day after tomorrow ? why ? dad remember when you step - mum call ? the baby 's sick . probably nothing serious , but Stephanie go a bit crazy and take she to hospital ... he falter . conor be you come back ? dad ( firmly ) yes . yes , I be . Sunday after next , so not even two week . ( beat ) you grandma 's pay for the ticket . which be ... fun . mum laugh , despite herself . she make eye for dad to leave . dad ( cont 'd ) I be go to see about find some food . you want anything , sport ? conor I want you to stop call I '' sport '' . dad laugh . mum laugh , too , then cough . it sound ugly . dad make he exit to let they talk . 156 . mum pat the bed for he to sit . conor do . she ruffle he hair . he notice the tube and bruise on she arm . mum I know . not my favourite way to spend a day either . conor be you okay ? what happen this morning ? mum I have a bit of a bad reaction , sweetheart . not what they be hope for . here it be . here 's the bad news . but once again - mum ( cont 'd ) ( force brightness ) but there 's one more thing they be go to try , a medicine that 's have some good result . conor why do not they try it before ? mum well , this be something you take when the normal stuff have not work the way they want it to . conor ( carefully ) do that mean it 's too late ? mum ( quickly , firmly ) no , conor . do not think that . it 's not too late . it 's never too late . conor be you sure ? mum ( smile ) I believe every word I say . conor ( to himself ) '' belief be half of heal . '' mum ( surprised ) well , yeah , I suppose it be . beat , as perhaps something important 's be leave unsaid . mum play with he hair again . 157 . mum ( cont 'd ) oh , and here 's something . you know that tree behind we house I be always prattling on about ? conor freeze , comically . mum cough , again ugly , lean back on the bed . mum ( cont 'd ) well , if you can believe it , this drug be actually make from tree like that . conor it be ? mum yeah , I know . all this time , we could have just chop the damn thing down . ( laugh ) well , not that one . that one 's almost like a friend . conor 's face show a grow revelation . could this be the reason ? be it too much to hope for ? he look up at the room clock . it 's 4.15 . clockface morph into ... 98 158. int . grandma 's guest room - that night 98 ... another , smaller clock on the wall of grandma 's guest room . conor watch it with enormous impatience . it tick through 12.06 and 45 second . 12.06 and 55 second . conor come on , come on . click , 12.07 . conor throws back the blanket and run out of bed . 99-100 159 . ext . grandma’s back garden - second later 99 - 100 conor run out into he grandma 's back garden . conor ( demand ) where be you ? monster ( 0.s. ) I be here . with a breeze tousle conor 's hair , the monster step from the darkness over he grandma 's office in one easy motion . he stand above conor , huge as ever . conor so can you do it ? can you make she better ? the monster sigh and in what we can see be a extraordinary action , sit down , all its weight on the roof of grandma 's office . the wood moan . conor wince , but it hold . monster it be not up to I . conor why not ? you say the yew tree be a tree of heal . monster it be . if you mother can be heal , the yew tree will do it . conor be that a yes ? monster you still do not know why you call I . it 's not as if I do this every day , conor o'malley . conor I do not call you . and even if I do , it be obviously for my mum . monster be it ? conor why else ? to listen to idiotic storey that make no sense ? monster it be not time yet for the third Tale . but soon . ( more ) 160 . monster ( cont 'd ) and after that , you will tell I you story , conor o’malley . you will tell I you truth . conor for God 's sake , not this again - the monster lean suddenly forward . monster you know of what I speak . conor look up as the sound from he nightmare start . the camera spin around he as the scene melt away . the wall of the garden grow blacker , the sound of scream start to rise , dust and debris fly around he . conor no ! no , not this ! the wind rise . the distant scream be hear ( " conor ! '' ) - conor ( cont 'd ) no! please ! the garden be suddenly as it be before . conor be shake . conor ( cont 'd ) that 's not my truth . that 's just a nightmare . monster nevertheless , this be what will happen after the third tale . the monster stand . grandma 's office groan in relief . conor I want to know what 's go to happen with my mum . monster do you not know already ? the monster step back over grandma 's office . it 's leave . conor wait ! monster you waste the precious time that be give you ! conor if you be a tree of heal , then I need you to heal ! 161 . monster and so I shall . a huge murmuration of starling appear over the horizon and surround the monster . with a last look , the monster leak away into they , fly away . conor hold up he hand to block the flutter of wing , then all be quiet . 162 . 101-101AInT. grandma 's stairway / tv room - moment later 101-101a conor have re-enter the house to go back to bed . he pause on the stairway because he hear a tv on - and what might be he own voice on it . outside he grandma 's tv room , the tv noise be louder , include he own muffle voice and he mum 's . he put he ear against the wood to try and hear . he think about go in , but be too afraid to disturb grandma . 163 . 102 int . grandma 's car / grandma 's STREET - morning 102 door slamm as conor get in he grandma 's car to be drive to school . he 's look at he mum 's half - finished drawing of the hilltop that she leave in he sketchpad . grandma notice it , too . car do not move . conor look up . conor grandma ? grandma ( come out of a fog ) what ? oh , yes . ( beat ) where be we go again ? conor to school . grandma yes , that 's right . she put the car in gear . they pull out in silence . conor grandma ? you seatbelt ? she absentmindedly buckle it . conor be concerned . 164 . 102a int. grandma 's sit room / kitchen - day 102a from the kitchen , conor observe he grandma in the sit room as she wonder amid the destruction . 165 . 103 ext . schooL entrance / grandma's yard - moment later 103 grandma drop conor off . he walk away , watch she go with a concerned , confuse look . 104 166 . int . physical social and education class - later 104 conor sit at he desk , ignore the lesson again , disturb about he grandma . he see harry study he . they exchange a look , but no word . he ignore lily . 167 . 105-105aint./ext . grandma’s guestroom / back garden - night 105-105 a conor sit in the dark in a lawn chair , wrap in a blanket . he check the clock on he phone . it switch from 12.07 to 12.08 . no monster . suddenly , a light come on from the house , reflecting on the back garden . conor turn and look up . his grandma be in the lock room . 106 168. int . grandma 's corridor / upstair - night 106 conor wait down the hallway , '' spying '' on he grandma , watch the light come out of the loft room . he hide behind a corner of he bedroom door . his grandma leave the room , she arm full of papers . conor duck into the darkness of he room as she pass . a paper drift down to the floor as she do . look out from the crack of he dark bedroom door , he can see that it 's a drawing of he own . what 's she do with that ? he make to reach out and take it , but grandma be there first , pick it up and walk to the tv room with it . she shut this door behind she . 169 . 106a conor watch she , confuse . conor go to the tv room ddg®a again and listen , hearing he own voice again . this time he open the door quietly . 107 170 . int . grandma 's tv room - moment later 107 conor stop by the open door of the tv room . his grandma , she back to he , be watch tv . we can see the pile of homemade dvd he father find sit next to the television . one be open . 107a 171 . ext . amusement park / roller coaster - day 107a onscreen , conor be astonished to see himself , filming he and he mum , looking healthy and vibrant get into a roller coaster car . they giggle , up to something . the seat restraint close . mum ( on video ) ( shh , here they come . ) onscreen - the image disappear as conor hide he phone . we hear they seat be check by a attendant . conor raise the phone again . they look around to make sure they will not get catch , smile like fiend . mum ( on video ) ( cont ’d ) ( if you drop that , it 's 1ll leave a permanent mark across you face . ) conor ( on video ) ( Nah , it 'il probably hit you first . ) onscreen - mum slap he arm playfully in the doorway , conor watch , transfix , as do he grandma , still unaware of he presence . onscreen - they both laugh in surprise as the car lurch forward and start up a steep incline . mum ( on video ) ( you know what I be think ? ) conor ( on video ) ( what ? ) mum ( on video ) ( we should not have have all that indian food for lunch . ) on the chair , grandma give a snort of private laughter . onscreen - conor make a fake vomit sound . his mum make one , too , until it become a competition and dissolves into laughter . then they be nearly at the top . mum ( on video ) ( cont ’d ) ( ready ? here we go . ) conor ( on video ) ( here we go . ) onscreen - they look into the camera . at the last second , mum grab conor 's arm lovingly , then they plunge over the top . 172 . the scene seem to end , but there 's a weird splice on the dvd that surprise conor but not grandma , she 's see this before . it cut to a even older video . 107b 173. int . conor 's sit room ( kitchen ) - day 107b onscreen - we cut in mid-scene . mum 's hand be make a big scribble on a big piece of paper , overlap itself with lot of empty space . she turn the camera to a much younger conor , 5 or 6 year old . he hold a coloured pencil . in the room , conor be surprised . mum ( o.s. ) ( on video ) ( okay , remember ? just look hard . colour in what you see . ) onscreen , little conor approach the draw with he pencil , look at the scribble . young conor ( on video ) ( I see a gremlin . ) mum ( on video ) ( well , go ahead , draw it in . ) in the room , grandma be rapt , move . onscreen - Little conor look back at he mum , unsure . mum ( o0.S. ) ( on video ) ( cont ’d ) ( like this . ) onscreen - mum set down the camera so it stay filming they . a younger , healthier mum go to a smaller part of the scribble and colour in shape that make a little mouse with whisker . she turn to conor . with a firm expression , he start to colour in square . in the room , conor watch closely , as rapt as grandma . onscreen - there 's a clumsy edit and mum be filming again on a picture of a gremlin . the eye have a reflection in they . mum ( on video ) ( cont ’d ) ( that 's really good , conor . especially the eye . ) ( point to eye ) ( life be in the eye and if you can catch that ... ) in the room , conor be stunne at this repeat word of he mother , '' life be in the eye . '' grandma put a hand over she mouth to hold in she emotion . onscreen - mum turn the camera to take a selfie of she and little conor , on they eye . mum ( on video ) ( cont ’d ) ( you will see when we watch . you 's 11 see we eye . ) 174 . onscreen - Little conor stick out he tongue . mum laugh and do , too . they laugh and she film the gremlin again . mum ( on video ) ( cont ’d ) ( my wee little artist . ) the video end freeze on the gremlin 's eye . conor breathes out , and he grandma hear he . she turn to look at he . but it 's loving . silently , they both go back to watch the freeze image of the gremlin 's eye . 175 . 108-108aext /int . grandma 's driveway / guest room - next mornirig ) 8 - 108a conor look out he bedroom window . see he dad pull up . 176 . 109 omitted 109 177 . ext . pier - day 110 conor and he dad walk along a old pier under the cloudy sky . dad I will be back . I will , I promise . conor say nothing . dad ( cont 'd ) and you will come for Christmas in LA ! that 'il be fun - conor I do not want to leave mum on she own for Christmas . dad stop walk . conor look up at he . it 's almost a challenge to contradict he . dad conor - conor she 's go to get better . they be give she this new medicine and she will come home . it 's the whole reason . it have to be . dad reason for what ? conor so you just go back to LA , go back to you other family - dad conor , this new medicine you mum 's take - conor it 's go to make she well . beat , as dad make the important decision . dad no , conor . it probably be not . conor yes , it be . dad it 's a last ditch effort , son . she 's too weak . she keep get infection - 178 . conor it will heal she . I know it . I be tell you , it 's the whole reason it come - dad reason what come ? what be you talk about ? conor ( hastily , cling desperately to hope ) the monster ! it come every night . it 's a tree that turn into a monster at 12.07 - dad conor ... what ? conor at first I think it be a dream but there 's always berry and leave and stuff when I wake up - dad conor . conor ( even louder ) and I have get one story to go and then I have get to tell my own and I think that 's when it 's go to heal she - dad conor , stop this ! conor finally stop . look , upset , at he father . dad put hand on conor 's shoulder to talk to he , gently . dad ( cont 'd ) I do not know what this dream be , conor , but that 's all it be . a dream . I be sorry . you should not have to face this , but not every story have a happy end . conor start at this . he know not every story do . dad ( cont 'd ) this be what I mean when I say you be go to have to be brave . Long pause . conor ( like he 's realise something ) ( more ) conor ( cont 'd ) you have never see a monster , have you ? dad stare back , concerned . dad oh , I have see plenty . 179 . 180 . 111 ext . grandma 's driveway - morning 111 conor 's dad hug he goodbye . dad I all be back as soon as I can . conor what if it 's not fast enough ? dad we will skype . and I be only ever a phone call away . conor ( beat ) I hope you baby be okay . dad you half -sister . and thank you . ( beat ) conor , listen , I - conor you do not have to . dad ( confuse ) I do not have to what ? conor ( shrug ) just ... you do not have to . dad have no answer . his son be give he permission to leave he behind . he hug conor , but do not contradict he . dad back as soon as I can . conor make a sad little wave at he , then turn he back to go inside . fade to black . 181. nightmare the nightmare sound rise again , scream , yell , crescendo to - CuT to : music rise . a montage of day pass : 182. 112-112aint./ext . grandman sitting room / driveway - day 112-112a conor , almost angrily , pack away all the rubbish bag he and he father have collect , stuff they into the bin outside . 113 183. int . hospital room - day 113 conor sit in a corner chair while , out of focus , friend of he mum visit she . lily 's mum be one of they , and she 's there , too . conor ignore she , play on he phone instead . 114 184 . int . shop road - day 114 conor stop by the shop window again , but the case of coloured pencil have be replace by something else . he sigh and walk on . 185 . int . phy sical social and education CLASS - day 115 conor sit at he desk , draw on he sketchpad and ignore the lesson . Ms. kwan lecture about bullying on the powerpoint ( along with , ironically , a sign that read '' this school operate a zero- tolerance anti-bully policy '' ) . classmate 's hand ( include lily , next to conor ) be in the air . Ms. kwan walk by conor 's desk . she and conor exchange a look , and we see ms.kwan decide to let conor keep draw . conor 's become untouchable . which be worse than ever . Harry catch he eye . conor look away . 186 . int . hospital room - day 116 conor be at the door to the room . his mum , help by a female nurse , be in distress . fear in she eye , he mum gesture angrily for grandma to get conor out of the room . grandma do . she 's stern , though , not spiteful . 117 omitted 187 . 188 . 118 ext . grandma 's drive way - moment later 118 conor drag the wheelie bin to the curb among several plastic bag wait to be pick up by the dustmen . 189 . 119 int . grandma’s sitting room - day 119 conor in the middle of the now -empty sit room . it seem much bigger . 190 . 120 int . school blue hallway - day 120 conor walk against the flow of student , alone . they leave a area around he , as if they can not see he at all . 121 191 . int . physical social and education CLASS - later 121 conor sit at he desk again . we finally see what he 's draw . it 's a flip - animation on the corner of he textbook . he flip the page to animate it : it 's a draw of he fall into a huge black hole . music finishes 122 192 . int . school cafeteria - day 122 conor sit alone , not eat the food in front of he , withdraw into himself . in the background , we might notice that the digital clock read 12.04 . slap ! from across the table , two hand smash down on either side of he tray , knock he orange juice into he lap . conor stand , lap cover in juice , and look up into the laugh face of Anton and sully , either side of Harry 's usual eerie stare . sully o’ malley 's wet himself ! Anton flick some spill juice onto conor . anton you miss some ! they laugh , but then notice that Harry and conor be do that uncomfortable stare thing again . the laughter die . harry I think I have finally figure you out , o'malley . after all this time . Harry step forward . conor brace himself . harry ( cont 'd ) here be the very worst thing I can do to you . sully you be in for it now . anton kick he ass . but Harry just hold out he hand to shake . surprise , conor shake it . harry Goodbye , o’malley . I no longer see you . he let go of conor 's hand and turn he back to leave . after a confuse beat , Anton and sully do the same . conor watch they go , grow more and more upset , a breeze tousle he hair ... «+.as the bully pass in front of the digital clock , it tick over to 12.07 . 193 . angle on : conor , as the the monster now stand behind he , stretch up to the tall ceiling of the cafeteria . it kneel down and speak into he ear . monster it be time for the third tale . without look back , conor start to walk after Harry . the monster match he , step for step . monster ( cont ’d ) there be once a invisible man , who have grow tired of be unseen . monster ( cont 'd ) it be not that he be actually invisible . it be just that people have become use to not see he . conor ( to Harry ) hey ! conor quicken he step . the monster keep up . conor catch up to Harry and grab he by the shoulder , twist he around . Harry pretend to not see he , pretend - blame a laugh sully for grab he . monster one day , the invisible man could not stand it anymore . he keep wonder : if no one see you , be you really there at all ? conor watch the three bully walk away again . conor ( to monster with / of turn ) what do the invisible man do ? monster he call for a monster ... conor raise he fist . behind he , the monster do the same . conor run after Harry , the monster follow . angle on : Harry , sully and Anton turn in amusement , but they face change to fright . be they see the monster or just conor ? sully and Anton bolt , leave Harry . angle on : conor , run at he , yell he rage . he raise a fist . the monster raise a fist behind he in mirror . they both swing forward . 123 194 . int . school / high school directress office - later 123 conor flexe he fist in he lap . they be bloody and bruise . miss kwan be there , but we stay tight on conor . directress ( 0.s. ) I do not even know what to say to you , conor . you send he to hospital . his parent be threaten to sue . conor look up , briefly . directress ( cont ’d ) but I explain that he have be bully you and that you circumstance be ... special . conor wince at the word , look at he batter finger . 123a 195 . int . School cafeteria - day 123a flash : of eye of the cafeteria , watch conor beat Harry . directress they back down . ( shouting ) but that 's not the point ! conor jump . still do not look at she . we hear she sigh . conor it be not I . directress what be that ? finally glance up to she , very briefly then down again . conor it be not I . it be the monster . 196 . 123b int. school cafeteria - day 123b flash : conor beat Harry , the monster echoing he action behind he . directress the monster . ( lean forward ) conor , a entire dining hall see you hit he . saw you beat he very badly . ( beat ) Heard you yell about not be invisible . conor wince again and look down at he fist . 197 . 123c int. school cafeteria - day 123c flash : conor yell '' I be not invisible ! I be not ! '' as he hit Harry . directress I understand how angry you must be . I mean , I have not even be able to track down a parent or guardian for you . conor my dad 's go back to America . my grandma turn she phone on silent so it will not wake up my mum . miss kwan sit back . it 's a impossible situation . directress if you want to be see , conor , this be not the way . School rule dictate immediate exclusion . conor shut he eye in anticipation . here it come . we sense that , in fact , he want it . directress ( cont 'd ) but how could I do that - conor open he eye , surprised . directress ( cont 'd ) - and call myself any kind of teacher ? he look up at she in disbelief and crush disappointment . directress ( cont 'd ) go back to class . we will talk about this one day , conor . but not today . conor you be not punish I ? she mirror the word he father speak earlier . directress what could possibly be the point ? 198 . 124 int . school corridor / downstair - moment later 124 conor , shellshocked , walk back to class . he pass a student , who give he a elaborately wide berth . 125 199 . int . physical Social and Education CLASS - moment later 125 Mr Clark be in mid-flow about emotional well - be but everyone , include he , stop when conor open the door . conor pause for a moment , then walk through the silence , all eye on he , past Harry 's empty desk and back to he own , next to lily . he sit , defeat , as Mr Clark faintly continue he lesson . a small scraping sound . conor look down . conor 's Pov - lily 's finger tentatively push a note onto he desk . conor look at she . she 's face - forward to Mr Clark , but want he to take the note . he take it . he look at she again . she turn to look he in the eye . but before he can open it , the classroom door open again . a secretary enter with a note . conor and lily watch as she cross to Mr Clark and they read it together . they both look up , right at conor . 126 200 . int . hos pital corridor first floor - day 126 conor 's grandma lead he to he mum 's hospital room . he make to enter , but stop when she do not follow he in . conor be not you come ? grandma struggle with herself , know what await he . she finally just put she hand on he shoulder and squeeze they brusquely . her version of a hug . grandma I will be ... I x11 be around . okay ? she nod , still struggle with herself . then abruptly walk away . conor watch she go . then open the door . 127 201 . int . hospital room - day - continuous 127 mum 's bed be in the sit position . she look very bad , breathe tube in she nose , but she smile when she see he . she hold up a long , straight -haire , yet purple wig . mum ( voice thin ) I suppose even drag queen get old . but conor do not laugh . he realise fully what 's about to happen . mum pat the mattress like before . but conor pointedly sit in the chair by she bed instead . she nod that this be okay , too . he stare at the floor . mum ( cont 'd ) what do you do to you hand ? conor ( surprisingly angry ) this be the talk , be not it ? everybody always want to have a talk lately . mum ready herself , smile again . mum I want to see you . and you know how the morphine send I off to cloud cuckoo land sometimes - — conor why do grandma get I out of school ? mum look at I , son . he refuse at first , but finally do , arm cross tight against himself . here it be . there 's no go back . mum ( cont 'd ) I speak to the doctor this morning . the new treatment be not work , sweetheart . conor the one from the yew tree ? mum yes . conor how can it not be work ? beat , as mum swallow , try to smile for he . 202 . mum thing have just move really fast . faster than they think . conor ( as if to himself ) but how can it not be work ? mum I know . I have big hope for we own personal yew tree . conor but it do not help . mum shake she head slightly . conor ( cont 'd ) so what happen now ? what 's the next treatment ? mum do not answer . which be a answer in itself . conor look back at the floor and say the final thing out loud . conor ( cont 'd ) there be not any more treatment . mum ( quietly cry now ) I be sorry , son . I have never be more sorry about anything in my life . conor you say it would work . you believe it would work . mum I know . conor you lie . you have be lie this whole time . mum I think , maybe , deep in you heart , you have always know , though . have not you ? she reach for he , but he will not take she hand . mum ( cont 'd ) it 's okay that you be angry , sweetheart . it really , really be . ( rueful laugh ) I be pretty angry , too , to tell you the truth . but conor ? be you listen , conor ? 203 . conor , still look away , eventually nod . mum ( cont 'd ) one day , if you look back and you feel bad for be so angry that you could not even speak to I , then you have to know that it be okay . that I know . I know everything you need to tell I without you have to say it out loud . conor still can not look at she . she start cry harder , but push through it . mum ( cont 'd ) and honestly , son , you be as angry as you need to be . do not let anyone tell you otherwise . not you father , not you grandma , no one . and if you need to break thing , then by God , you break they good and hard . and I will be right there . you might not see I , but I 'il be right there , break ‘em right along with you . conor can hardly bear it . mum ( cont 'd ) I need to know that you hear I , sweetheart . I need to know , okay ? okay ? without look at she , conor finally nod he agreement . the final acknowledgement that she 's go to die . mum breathes out in exhaust relief . mum ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . I be go to have to take some more painkiller . obviously in pain , she press the morphine button . she reach for conor again . after a beat he finally take she hand . mum ( cont 'd ) ( quietly weep ) I wish I have a hundred year . a hundred year I could give to you . conor hold he mother 's hand and look at the floor , as she drift to drug-induced sleep . there 's nothing more to say . 128 204 . int . hospital room - later 128 conor 's mum be asleep . the light outside have grow dimmer . conor sit , alone , in the chair , hunch down low . grandma enter , a worried look on she face . how do it go ? conor look up at she , he eye red , with grief , with rage . conor I want to go home . grandma conor - conor my home . the one with the yew tree . grandma ( not unkind ) conor , no , not tonight . you be go to want to be here . conor understand what she mean as grandma sit on the other side of the bed , take she daughter 's hand . conor stand . conor I be go to get something to eat . grandma nod and conor leave ... 129 205 . int . hospital corridor - continuous 129 .-- but as we follow he out of the room , he start walk down the corridor , then faster , then faster , until he 's finally running as fast as he can - 206 . 130 ext . hospital entrance continuous 130 «+.out of the hospital . 207 . 131-131aext . pavement / long pavement - continuous 131-131a co nor keep on run . 132 208. ext . conor 's house driveway - moment later 132 even be come on . conor , still run , approach he own house . out of breath , tired , but still go , we follow he in one continuous shot as he open he front door and go into ... 209 . 132a int . conor 's house front hallway - continuous 132a ..- where he do not even shut the door behind he and continue through ... 210 . 132b omitted 132b 211 . 132c int. conor' kitchen - continuous 132c ...- increase he pace , he go to the back door and head out into ... 132d 212. ext . conor 's back garden — continuous 132d ... run now , across the garden , where we can see the hilltop and yew tree ahead of he . he go through the back gate , it open with a groan of metal , and conor ... 213 . 132e ext . train tracks ( fx zone ) - continuous 132e ... cross the train track ... 214 . 132f ext . hill gate - continuous 132f ...to a tear open in the fence on the other side . he duck under it and we follow he ... 132g 215 . ext . churchyard hilltop - continuous 132g ... - into the graveyard that stretch down the hill . the yew tree be up top , but still just a tree . conor run furiously now ... up the hill , dodging through the tombstone ... the tree get closer and closer ... conor wake up ! still in the continuous shot , he reach the tree and start pound and kick it . conor ( cont 'd ) I say , wake up ! I do not care what time it be ! wake up ! kick it again . and again . and the tree step out of the way , cause conor to fall . we pull up higher and higher , in the monster 's Pov , see conor on the ground . continuous shot end . monster you will do yourself harm if you keep that up . conor get angrily to he foot . it 's nearly night now . conor it do not work ! you say the yew tree would make she better , but it do not ! monster I say if she could be heal , the yew tree would do it . it seem she could not . conor attack the monster again , pound it with he fist . he pull off one of the monster 's small branch . conor fix she ! make she better ! monster ow ! conor - conor ( still attack ) what 's the use of you if you can not ? just stupid storey and get I into trouble and everyone treat I like I have get a disease - 216 . the monster kneel down , hand on either side of conor . monster you be the one who call I , conor o'malley . you be the one with the answer to this question . conor if I call you , it be to save she ! it be to heal she ! monster I do not come to heal she . I come to heal you . beat , as conor take in the impact of this . conor I ? I do not need ... my mum 's the one who ... but the weight of the monster 's word be too much . beat , conor ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhh ! ( quietly ) help I . as the monster take in a breath . monster it be time ... for the fourth tale . conor 's eye widen in horror , but before he can speak , the world have change : 133 217 . ext . the fourth tale nightmare - afternoon - continuous 133 conor and the monster be on a dark , barren stretch of ground . a evil place , in the blackest night . the sound from conor 's nightmare rise again - the blow wind , the faint rumbling . the monster stand over conor , but be dangerous - look and sinister , the branch from its body be unravel beyond it in gnarl , its eye change to a merciless blankness . conor no! please ! get I out of here ! monster ( scarier than ever ) there will be no more delay . it be time for you to tell the fourth tale . conor I do not know any tale ! I have to get back to my mum ! the monster look past conor . monster but she be already here . conor turn to look . Far across the clear stand he mother . she be frail and thin , but not bald , dress in flow white cloth . she turn and smile at he , but so vulnerable . she 's be the figure in the nightmare all along . conor no! mum ! get out of here ! mum I be fine , darling . there 's nothing to worry about . conor mum , run ! please , run ! mum but there 's nothing to worry ! but there 's a terrible sound , a distant roaring , as of something impossibly big . mum ( cont 'd ) ( troubled ) conor ? overhead shot - high above , we see conor and the monster , distant from mum. 218 . behind she , in a large circle she stand on the edge of , the ground begins to collapse away , almost like a whirlpool , whipping everything into it , along with blackness and dust . conor mum ! mum ! he start to run for she . the ground continue to collapse around she until - mum conor ! it collapse right below her , drop she into the gape , swirl hole . she grab on to the edge - but can not hold on - until conor reach she , grab onto she , hold she there . here it be . conor 's worst nightmare . the thing he be most afraid of in the world . the wind shriek and howling around they , swirl into the hole . conor no mum !! the nightmare be in full flow . the scream , the roaring , the wind , all because he 's hold on to he mother , try to prevent she from fall . mum do not let go , conor ! do not let I go ! conor ( struggle ) I will not ! I promise . the wind grow worse ; the whirlpool effect start to pull car and telephone pole into the hole . conor 's mum start to slip from conor 's grasp . conor ( cont 'd ) no ! conor turn to we original monster , still not move . conor ( cont 'd ) help I ! I can not hold on to she ! mum conor ! I be slip ! conor no mum ! 219 . but it 's get too much . she 's too heavy . the monster approach , unravel and huge and terrifying . monster here be the fourth tale . conor shut up ! help I ! monster here be the truth of conor o' malley . conor 's mum be scream , slip . conor no ! help I ! she 's pull away from he hand , from he finger . he 's try , try - mum conor ! conor no ! mum — but she fall . the hole take she and she fall , fall , fall away , she white dress a light in the darkness . conor watch she fall - he turn back to the monster anguish , the swirl darkness behind he . this be the image he drew on he sketchpad . the blackness and furious wind abate , until there 's only quiet . conor ( cont 'd ) ( angry , frighten ) this be when I wake up . this be when I always wake up . monster the tale be not yet tell . conor get I out of here . I need to see my mum ! monster she be no longer here , conor . you let she go . conor this be just a nightmare . this be not the truth . 220 . the monster lean forward , scare conor into fall back . monster it be the truth . you let she go . conor she fall . I could not hold on to she any more . monster you let she go . conor she fall ! the monster lean over he , as terrifying as it 's ever be . monster you must speak the truth or you will never leave this place . conor let I go ! monster speak the truth ! conor what truth ?! I do not know what you mean ! the monster 's face surge down close to he , punch its hand either side of conor , cause the ground to crack all around he . monster you do know . a sudden quiet . conor do know . he 's always know . conor ( quietly ) no. I can not . monster you must . conor I can not . there 's a sudden note of kindness in the monster 's voice . monster you can . you let she go ! conor begin to cry . 221 . conor ( shaking he head ) please - monster you let she go , conor o'malley . do not you ? conor squeeze he eye shut tight . monster ( cont 'd ) you could have hold on for longer , but you let the nightmare take she . do not you ? conor no. monster yes ! you allow she to fall . conor no! monster you must tell I the fourth tale , conor o'malley . you must ! conor it will kill I if I do ! monster it will kill you if you do not ! the monster pound the ground again , terrifying . more crack form , until conor 's trap on a break shelf above the hole , teeter above it . monster ( cont ’d ) you let she go . before it 's too late ! tell I why ! beat , as conor struggle . conor no - the ground collapse more , the shelf teeter . monster ( plead ) speak the truth ! conor no. monster speak the truth conor o'malley ! 222. conor no ! monster speak the truth ! conor wooooo ! monster speak the truth boy ! until , finally ... conor can not fight it any longer ... he speak the truth . conor I want it to be over ! I can not stand know that she will go ! I want it to be finish ! I let she fall ! I let she die ! he collapse to the ground . the shelf give way beneath he , and he fall - scream into the hole - the monster disappear above he - until - whoomp ! he hit something , landing on it . it 's the monster 's outstretched hand . it have catch he . it lift he gently up out of the hole and deposit he : 134 223. ext . post nightmare ( hilltop ) - sunset - moment later 134 back on the ground on the hilltop behind he house . the monster stand above he . conor sit up , he face beyond sad , helpless tear come . conor why do not it kill I ? I deserve punishment . I deserve the worst . monster do you ? conor I have know forever she be not go to make it . she say she be get better all the time because that 's what I want to hear . and I believe she . ( beat ) except I do not . monster no . conor and I start to think how much I want it to be over . I could not stand how alone it make I feel . monster a part of you wish it would end . even if it mean lose she . conor ( whisper ) I let she go . I could have hold on , but I always let she go . monster and that , be you truth , conor o'malley . conor I do not mean it , though ! and now it 's for real ! now she 's go to die and it 's all my fault ! monster and that , be not the truth at all . conor give into grief . the monster gently take he up in two huge hand , make a comforting bed out of they . monster ( cont ’d ) you be merely wishing for a end of pain . you own pain . it be the most human wish there be . 224 . conor I do not mean it . monster you do , but you also do not . conor look up at the big face in front of he . conor how can both be true ? monster how can a prince be a murderer and a saviour ? how can a apothecary be evil - tempere but right- think ? how can invisible man make themselves more lonely by be see ? conor ( shrug , exhaust ) I do not know . you storey never make any sense to I . monster because human be complicated beast . you believe comforting lie while know full well the painful truth that make that lie necessary . it be a wonder you can survive at all . conor be not sure he busy this , as much as he might want to . monster ( cont 'd ) in the end , conor , it be not important what you think , it be only important what you do . Long beat as conor consider this . conor so what do I do ? monster what you do just now . you speak the truth . conor that 's all ? monster you think it 's easy ? you be willing to die rather than speak it . conor because what I think be so wrong - 225 . monster it be not wrong . it be only a think . one among million . conor take a long breath , he 's exhaust . in fact , he 's fight to keep he eye open . conor I be so tired . so tired of all of this . monster then sleep . there 's time . conor be you sure ? I need to get back to my mum . monster you will . I promise you . conor consider this . conor will you be there ? monster yes . it will be the final step of my walk . conor nestle into the monster 's hand . conor how do the fourth story end ? monster shhh ... sleep ... but he hear no answer as he can no longer fight off sleep . 135 226. ext . churchyard hilltop - night - later 135 conor be asleep on the hilltop . the monster be now just a tree , but there 's still a suggestion that it 's cradling he . conor 's phone buzze in he pocket but he do not wake . we hear a car pull up and a door open . grandma ( 0o.s. ) ( faintly ) oh , thank God ! conor blink himself awake . he look up . grandma ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) conor ! conor ! he see he grandma run towards he from where she 's leave she car ( light on , engine run , door open ) by the church next to the graveyard . she 's put away she phone , obviously the one who 's be call he . grandma ( cont 'd ) conor ! he stand , brace himself , but when she reach he she grab he in a hug so vigorous they almost tumble over . she release he and , be who she be , start shouting . grandma ( cont 'd ) where have you be ? I have be out of my mind try to find you ! conor there be something I need to - but she 's already drag he towards the car . grandma no time ! we have to go now ! she sprint off away from he , back to the car , and what this mean sink in for conor . he race after she . 136 227 . int / ext. grandma 's car / city street to train crossing - nilgitt - moment later grandma drive at extremely high speed , cut corner , run red light . it would be funny if it be not so desperate . conor sit in the passenger seat , shy of how much she 's both cry and try to control herself . she turn another corner and he grab he seatbelt . but he notice something stick out of he pocket . lily 's note . he take it out and unfold a comically high number of time . it 's just three line : --“ I miss be you friend . '' -- " you be not invisible . '' --“ I see you . '' the '' I '' be underline a comic number of time , too . it 's heart - break . conor grandma - grandma do not . just do not . 228. 136a they fly over a bump . conor put the note back in he podksa conor ( quietly ) I be sorry . about the sit room . and everything . she laugh a thick , sad laugh . grandma it do not matter . it do not matter . conor it do not ? grandma of course it do not . she start to really cry , so just let herself . 229 . 136b she turn a corner to a train crossing , the barrier firnb6b come down . no way to drive around it . she stop , hit the steering wheel in frustration . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you know , conor ? you and I ? not the most natural fit , be we ? conor no . I guess not . grandma I guess not either . but we be go to have to learn . conor I know . grandma make a little sobbing noise . grandma you do know , do not you ? of course you do . but you know what , grandson ? we have something in common . conor we do ? grandma oh , yes . we hear the train horn in the distance . grandma look at he . grandma ( cont 'd ) you mum . that 's what we have in common . conor do not answer , but he know what she mean . this be they peace talk , and he agree to it . he nod . she reach forward , grab he hand , squeezing it tight . the train blast past they in a brutal hurry . it 's a short train , end quickly . the barrier rise . grandma ( cont 'd ) hang on . she peel off into the night . 230 . 137-137aext./ int. hospital entrance / corridor - night - moments/-ister grandma and conor race down the corridor , grandma in the lead . they reach he mum 's hospital room and ... 138 231 . int . hospital room door - night - continuous 138 ..- burst inside , grandma with a terrible question on she face . the fight be clearly almost over for he mum . the room be light only by a small light above she bed . the female nurse stand by it , check a iv . nurse ( to grandma ) it 's okay . you be in time . grandma make a cry of relief , cover she mouth with she hand . nurse ( cont 'd ) I see you find he . grandma go to the opposite side , sit down and take she daughter 's hand , kissing it and rock back and forth . the nurse leave , acknowledge conor . conor stand in the darkness by the doorway , not know what to do . mum ( slurring ) ma? grandma I be here , darling . I be here . conor 's here , too . mum ( eye still close ) be he ? grandma look at conor , urging he to say something . conor I be here , mum . eye still shut , conor 's mum reach out a hand for he to take . just like he hold it on the cliff face . there be movement behind conor , a familiar shadow appear . somehow the monster fit in the room . monster here be the end of the tale . conor ( to monster ) what do I do ? the monster put two hand on conor 's shoulder , gently push he towards he mum 's bed . conor look at the clock as he go . it read 11.58 . moment before 12.07 . 232 . conor ( cont 'd ) 12.07 . be that ...? ( whisper ) I be afraid . monster of course you be afraid . it will be hard . it will be more than hard . but you will make it through , conor o'malley . they reach the bed , where he mum 's hand be still outstretch . conor 's eye begin to water . conor ( whisper , to monster ) you will stay ? you will stay until ... monster I will be right here . the moment be here . conor take he mother 's hand . she open she eye , but she see he there . really see he . do she even see the monster behind he ? conor can see the light reflect in she eye , where the '' life '' be . monster ( cont 'd ) now all that be leave be for you to speak the simple truth of all . and , at last , conor can finally tell she the real truth . conor ( simply , quietly ) I do not want you to go . mum ( at the end ) I know , my love . I know . conor 's tear begin to spill now , in a quiet way . conor ( again ) I do not want you to go . and there 's nothing more to say . he lean forward onto she bed , and slip a arm around she , hold on to she . the mother close she eye finally . we pull back , conor hold he mother , the monster support he , he grandma across the bed , hold he mum 's hand . dissolve to : 139 233. int . hospital room - night - moment later 139 .»- a slow approach towards the clock on the hospital room wall . as the second hand slowly sweep from 12.06.40 to 12.06.45 , we hear conor 's earlier question to the monster . conor ( v.0 . ) how do the fourth story end ? and this time , we hear the monster 's response . monster ( v.o . ) it end with the boy hold on tight to he mother . and by do so , he can finally let she go . we dissolve gently to black before the second hand 's sweep reach 12.07 . fade to black . then fade up on : 140 234 . int. grandma 's front hallway - dawn 140 it 's the morning after . Dawn light come in through the window . a clock read 7am . conor and grandma enter , wear the same clothes as the night before . they be spend , exhaust . they climb the stair , together in they grief . 141 235 . int . grandma 's corridor / upstair - continuous 141 conor head to the Guest bedroom but : grandma no. he stop . she nod to the loft conversion that 's always be lock . grandma ( cont 'd ) it 's you room now . I have be make it ready . she nod he on he way , watch he go to the end of the corridor , climb the steep stair . he look back once at she to make sure it 's okay . she smile at he , so sadly . he try the door . for the first time , it 's unlock . he look to he grandma for one last check . she nod again and let he go . 142 236 . int . grandma 's loft room - continuous 142 it 's a bedroom in the top of the house , complete with slant ceiling and big window , let in a ton of morning light . clearly he mother 's . but the projector be there , too , and the canister for King Kong . there be also the case of pencil he have be eyeing in the shop window , newly purchase by grandma . conor step inside . drawing cover the wall , there be shelf of sketchpad in row , and at the far end , a desk , just like the one in conor 's room . on it be conor 's tear draw of the nightmare from the sit room . conor approach it and pick it up . underneath be a sketchpad , a old one . there 's a note on top from he grandma . '' this belong to you mum . '' on the cover be the word '' lizzie 's sketchpad , age 12 ( and a half ) . '' conor open it . we recognise he mum 's style of art . he turn the page past image of tree , bird , friend and then - drawing after draw of the stories and image we 've see : the Prince , the Farmer 's daughter , the apothecary , the parson and - the monster . page and page of the monster . conor stop on one , a good one , the monster look ominous , powerful . on the desk , pencil start to roll slightly towards the sketchpad . angle on : conor look at the page , a small breeze stir he hair , the slight hint of a private smile curling up . we pull back , give he he privacy and we : fade to black . 237 . credit