a most violent year written by j.c. chandor this film be set in New York City , 1981 : murder : 2,228 forcible rape : 5,405 violent crime : 180,235 aggravate assault : 60,329 property : 1,029,749 vehicle theft : 133,041 robbery : 112,273 burglary : 360,925 larceny - theft : 535,783 crime index : 1,209,984 1981 be the most violent year in NYC history as record by overall crime index in relation to population . 2 JANUARY 31 , 1981 over black we hear the open of a garage door . the light spill in and we see . ext . upper middle CLASS residential house , queen NYC - sunrise open on abel morale . it be early morning and still almost dark out . he have a rugge yet prosperously - handsome face and be in he mid-thirty . he be struggle to get start with he morning jog . ext . ship graveyard , staten island NYC - day it be early morning . a large bulk fuel oil transport truck sit idling next to a decrepit old dock . the dock stick into a backwater section of New York harbor that be fill with the decaye remain of half - sink abandon barge and tug boat . julian , the young driver of the truck sit and nervously scan the horizon . eventually a large fuel barge appear in the distance be push by a tug boat . the barge be steer past the skeleton of the other sink ship and make its way to the dock in front of the tanker truck . julian get out of he truck and ready a large connect hose . he look around nervously . julian step across the break board of the dock and struggle to get the hose to the barge . he hand it to the barge operator with a nod of the head and no word . they connect the hose and start a large generator as it begin to pump fuel into the truck . they both scan the horizon again as the sun begin to come up . ext . more industrial queen neighborhood - same time abel be still jogging as the light begin to increase . it be freezing out . he be a very serious guy . he be not happy that he be out of shape . finally he stop and bend over to catch he breath . we have run with he from the nicer part of the neighborhood to a rougher section . as he catch he breath he stand up and look around . he be unsure of he feeling . 3 int . anna's dressing area the camera slowly move in as anna sit in a slip at she make up table put on she face for the day ahead . she look into the mirror as if she be put on a coat of armor . int . driver' cab of a bulk oil transport truck - day standard HEATING oil , " we set the Standard " be write in logo form on the side of the tank . the truck idle in traffic wait to pay the toll to cross the verrazano bridge that span the mouth of New York harbor . julian , the young driver from the dock , cautiously look around as the traffic inch along . he finally approach the toll booth and pay . julian good morning . julian speak English with a well - sand accent . be it Central american or mexican ? the female collector give he a smile . he head through the booth , but there be still traffic on the other side as the lane merge together . just as the traffic be about to pick up he look in he rearview mirror and we see two guy come walk through the traffic and towards the cab . before we know it they be climb up the cab step . the guy on the driver 's side , louis servidio , be small and very slight but he move with great speed and strength . he shatter the glass side window with he elbow . unlock the door just as he partner , thug # 2 , do the same thing on the passenger side , but he be hold a gun . they be not wear mask . it 's very brazen . before thug # 2 even ask julian to get out of the cab louis servidio crush he in the jaw with three swift punch then pull he out of the cab and down onto the roadway . louis servidio pull the door shut and they drive away with the truck leave julian sit in the middle of the road stare , as blood start to flow from he jaw . int . parking yard of standard HEATING oil - same time two almost - match late model mercede pull up to a chain - link gate with a small sign that say " standard HEATING oil : we set the standard " . the dispatcher open the gate . 4 they both pull into reserve parking space next to each other . abel be dress in a very tasteful custom make suit . abel 's wife anna be drive the car behind he . she be a beautiful , tall , blonde woman dress to the nine but with a streak in she eye that this be all business . you would not want to cross this woman . abel ready ? anna yes . abel you look very nice . anna thank you . abel you sure ? anna yes . abel walk around and open he trunk . he take out two large empty briefcase . he carry the briefcase as they both walk over to a large , unmark , armored van that be idling in the middle of the parking lot . two armed guard get out of the van . one be hold a clipboard . he walk up to anna and abel . he hand they the clipboard . they look at each other one last time and then both sign the document . the other guard open up the back of the truck . abel hand he the briefcase and the guard begin to fill they with cash . lot of cash . abel and anna stand at the open back of the van and just watch . finally he finish and hand the now - heavy case to abel . abel pick up the two case and walk a bit away from the truck . he turn to anna . anna ( cont 'd ) do not do anything stupid . abel we do not have any more money so what else could I do . she give a small smile . he look at he watch . they kiss . 5 abel turn and begin walk with the case . he give a nod to the dispatcher , who we now see , be in a small gatehouse , and he begin to open the front gate . ext . STREET outside the front gate - same time abel walk out through the gate and down the abandon industrial street about 25 yard , then look to he right . he look down at the case in he hand , turn , and stand look into the neighbor site . ext . massive oil tank farm : brooklyn NY waterfront - day abel come walk across the parking lot and see andrew walsh stand in the middle of the dusty parking lot . andrew be they longtime lawyer / right -hand man and be in he mid fifty . he be smart but tired . the oversize briefcase in he leave hand seem to have permanently tilt he posture that direction . the large oil- hold tank loom above they . the place be rusting and could use some work . as they wait , the set have the look and choreography of a illegal transaction about to go down . andrew walsh so how be we this morning ? abel ( give a smile and nod ) andrew walsh well I wake up feel very good about this . abel really ? they both take a look at they watch . abel ( cont 'd ) you have be tell I not to do this for a year . andrew walsh well we be go all in ... so now I love it . give he another slight smile . they stand around in awkward silence . finally a late-model Ford Ltd. station wagon pull into the lot . 6 andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) here we go . and a group of five hasidic jews get out . there be two guy in they twenty , two in they fifty , and one in he mid - to -late seventies . they all shake each other 's hand then stand around for a beat . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) should we head inside ? int . SMALL temporary office trailer - day the group be now jamme around a fold table inside the trailer . abel and he lawyer sit at one end face the rest of they . finally , the senior member of the group , joseph mendelsohn , eye up abel and lean forward . his accent be strong yet you can understand every word . joseph so why be it you want this land ? abel I be sorry ? joseph it have be difficult for you to get I here , no ? over a year ? abel almost two . joseph there be many like it around ? and thanks to all this test you pay for , we now know it be as much of a mess below the ground as it be above . my people have look at you book , I know this be a lot of money for you , so why have you keep on we so ... just for this ugly and pollute little piece of the earth . abel I have be look over my fence at this property for a very long time . joseph so it be just proximity ? 7 abel no ... I imagine I want it for the same reason you do . joseph and what 's that ? abel to grow . joseph well , I be in the garment business so I appreciate that sentiment . but I inherite this land from my uncle . sadly he have no child of he own . he be the one that let they build this tank here . so this place can do little for I ... in fact thanks to all that test you have do it may be a liability . as you know I offer to lease the site to you at a fair price , but you be not interested ? abel no . joseph why not ? abel I like to own the thing I use . joseph I can see that . Long pause . abel so. joseph yes . this contract here , you lawyer have fully review it ? andrew walsh of course . joseph and you have bring the money ? ( abel node yes ) so you realize you have only thirty day to close this transaction ? ( more ) 8 joseph ( cont 'd ) no extension , no ... contingency whatsoever . abel I understand . joseph I want you to know this up front . I be a very fair man but I believe in honore contract . you will fulfill you end of this contract and the property be yours . if you can not we will keep you money and will sell it to you competitor who have be chase we almost as badly as you have . I like you , but know that the only reason I be choose you be because of the favorable term of this contract . so this be business ... and when you sign this .... abel I understand . joseph well then , let 's see this money , and then I will sign this papers . abel turn to andrew and give a slight nod . andrew pull the black briefcase onto the table and open it . it have seven hundred thousand dollar in cash in it . he slide it over to they side . the old man sign the contract and they shake hand . ext . massive oil tank farm parking lot - day abel stand next to andrew 's car . andrew walsh congratulation . abel it 's not ours yet . andrew walsh well , it be a hell of a job just get they to this point . it 's a good day for we . take a walk around . enjoy it for a second . andrew get in he car and drive away . abel look around and decide to go for a little walk . 9 he head out towards the tank and walk among they . they tower seven storey above he . as he walk , he be cut off like a maze from any other visual input . ( similar to be inside a Richard serra sculpture ) finally he emerge into some light and as abel look up the camera reveal he view . it 's midtown Manhattan in all its glory , just across the East River from the site . he stare at the city and we see the true depth of he ambition lock on he face . he look to he watch . int . 1981 mercede 500 SEC abel drive away from New York City . we see it behind he head . int . car on merritt parkway the terrain turn to upscale country . ext . country house - day abel 's car drive into a long driveway through the wood . then a architect - design , 80' modern house , still under construction , appear . he pull up in front . he get out of the car and stand there look at the large house . he walk into the house and we see more clearly that it be near completion . it be empty . int . 8ux modern house - day abel walk over to the massive floor - to- ceiling window and stand look over the large pond that sit down the hill from the house . as he stare out he contractor come quietly walk in behind he . contractor hello ? abel there he be . he walk up behind he and they both look out in silence for a beat . abel ( cont 'd ) you have do a beautiful job here . contractor thank you . 10 abel I mean it . you and you man should be very proud . contractor we be . abel most people do not have anything beautiful like this to show for they day 's work . you be a lucky man . contractor I be . abel well I thank you ... my family will be very happy here . contractor I hope so . abel now I think I owe you some money . contractor that may be true . abel it be . abel reach into he jacket pocket and take out a thick envelope of cash . as he do we see a transformation of he personality from pleasant philosopher to a direct voice of unquestion authority . abel ( cont 'd ) this be the seventeen outstanding . but we be arrive here in four day . it must be do . contractor yes . abel well , I will let you go . he say this as he lead he to the door . abel ( cont 'd ) and the tile in the master bath ... 11 contractor it 's be replace , as I mention to you wife , that be a error on we part . congratulation on you home . abel thank you . ext . top of hill on other side of pond looking back at he house . - day abel stand , surround by massive tree in the thick forest , look across the ridge back at he house . he be a little out of breath after climb the hill but he look strangely comfortable even though he be stand in the wood in a suit , tie , and dress shoe . he take a nice cigar out of he pocket , light it and have a real moment of joy . he look up to the top of the tree , then back at the new house . he exhales a long deep breath . then we hear a large truck come rumbling in the driveway . he hear it . his face show that he know the sound immediately . ext . house driveway - day abel come out of the wood and see a smaller heating oil delivery truck ( with the same Standard Heating oil logo ) park in the driveway . his face show it probably be not great news . int . hospital emergency room - day abel come down a hallway and then turn through a curtain into a treatment area . sitting on the table be the young driver of the truck , julian . he have a contraption on he head that be hold he jaw shut in place . his eye be black . abel go over and give he a tight hug . but then he ever so slightly check himself and place he back down on the table . abel look up and see anna , stand in the corner . she be all business . they stare at each other . anna they break he jaw . abel have they find the truck ? 12 anna yes . abel be you alright ? julian ( nods yes ) abel have the police be here yet ? anna he be leave in the middle of the highway without a truck , they bring he in . abel can you speak ? anna's temper be rise . anna not for a couple day ... can I speak with you outside ? anna head out into the hallway . abel look around a beat then follow . ext . hospital hallway - same time anna be wait in the hallway . anna do they sign the contract ? abel yes . anna and take the deposit ? abel yes . anna so it 's a go ? abel ( he give a nice nod yes ) anna congratulation . 13 abel to you as well . anna we have thirty day ? he nod ever so slightly yes , and she give he a know smile back of equal measure . we be beginning to see that they actually work quite well together . abel this fuck guy . this poor kid have be work he ass off . anna do you want I to speak to my brother about this ? abel no ...do not talk to he or you father . anna this can not continue . abel it will not . anna it will if we do not do something . abel I be meeting with the d.a. in the morning . anna oh , fuck the d.a . he 's more interested in come after we than help we . abel look around in disapproval . she think this through and then look in at julian . anna ( cont 'd ) it 's not fair to they . you be at war here . abel no we be not . anna really ... because they be . 14 abel well I be not . they look each other over . she then finally lean in and give he a caring kiss , she walk off . anna and you be go out to check on the new house ? abel yes . he watch she walk away then look back into the hospital room . he enter . int . hospital emergency room - day abel walk into the room and look at julian . he look up and abel have trouble put it to word . abel I have to get go . julian give a nod . abel ( cont 'd ) can we get you anything ? nod no . abel ( cont 'd ) we will pick you up when they let you out of here . they look at each other . abel ( cont 'd ) this man be coward . too weak to make a live ... or even fight with they own hand , and too stupid to think up anything else to do . finally he turn and leave . ext . abandoned racetrack parking lot - queen NY - day abel drive up to the drop off scene . there be the large bulk transport truck and one lone police car just sit in the middle of the parking lot . 15 abel get out , walk up , and stop to stare at the truck . a young beat cop be sit on the hood of he car wait . abel May I take it ? beat cop Excuse I ? abel May I take it now ? beat cop be it yours ? abel yes . beat cop well , I be sorry about that . once the owner or a owner 's representative file the claim form in corona she 's yours ... again . abel so you guy have do what you need to ? beat cop yes . abel and what be that ? beat cop I be sorry ? abel you just say you have do what you need to ... so what be it that you have do ? beat cop ( look back dumbfounded ) abel do you fingerprint or anything ? beat cop no need , this guy always wear glove . abel so you have do nothing . 16 beat cop I be not exactly sure , I just get here at four . my shift be actually up . abel so who 's come ? they stare at each other , then the truck . abel then climb up and we see he know he way around the truck . he go up top and open and look into a valve , the tank be empty . beat cop sorry . the cop get in he car and prepare to drive away . beat cop ( cont 'd ) why do they want it ? abel they steal the $ 6,000 of fuel that be in it . the cop leave . abel be leave stand on top of the truck in the parking lot alone with he batter truck . he look down at the open load valve and begin to come up with a idea . the sun be set . ext . standard HEATING truck yard - day a sign on the inside of the gate read . " it 's not safety first ... it 's safety always " . the motor on the gate start in and it open . in drive abel be car . int . anna's office standard HEATING oil - day anna be work away on a add machine in she office . she be listen to the radio that sit behind she on the desk . we can see that she be in she comfort zone . int . brooklyn assistant district attorney' office - day the assistant d.a. be sit behind he desk as deputy lange stand off to the side . he be only in he early thirty but with confidence and ego to spare . they know each other . a.d.a . lawrence Andrew . 17 andrew walsh lawrence . thank you for see we on such short notice . a.d.a . lawrence of course . and Mr. morale . please sit . I do not realize you be come as well . andrew walsh yes ... a.d.a . lawrence so what can I do for you ? andrew walsh we need you help . a.d.a . lawrence in what way ? andrew walsh we truck . they be be rob . a.d.a . lawrence ( he look over at deputy lange ) andrew walsh we have a serious security issue . deputy lange there have be a series of hijacking of bulk - fuel delivery vehicle . a.d.a . lawrence yes . andrew walsh we driver be be put in danger . a.d.a . lawrence Mr. walsh , as I know you know , this office have be investigate you entire industry . andrew walsh of course . there be a awkward pause as lawrence decide how he should continue . 18 a.d.a . lawrence and as much as I would like to be able to help you , you know this be a police issue . it 's not what we do here . andrew walsh I understand . but this be turn into a urgent and press matter for we . a.d.a . lawrence urgent ? andrew walsh yes . a.d.a . lawrence I be not sure what you mean . there be more murder and rape in this city last year then there ever have be , so if you have come to tell I that we have a urgent security issue here , trust I I be aware . abel cut in . he can not help himself . abel my people be at risk just drive around in this city , just try to do they job . and I ... I have do everything you have ask of I . it 's be two year since you first start investigate my company and I have spend thousand of dollar hire lawyer for this and that to provide you with every piece of information you office have request . and I expect that you have be ask the same from my competitor . so with all this information that you have gain ... we be just ask if you have any idea who have be do this to we ? a.d.a . lawrence I do not . this sit unanswer . 19 a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) I understand you frustration . and although everyone else seem to have give up and leave this city for dead , I have not . and as you know we have be investigate industry - wide corruption in you business that seem to have be go on for year . and the simple fact be that the only person who could do anything with 8000 gallon of heating oil in a matter of minute after steal a truck be someone from within that industry . and almost certainly someone with local storage capacity . so you be right . that mean you all be steal from each other . which be , as far as I can tell , just a refresh new take on what you have be do to you customer and fellow taxpayer for the last fifteen year . this sit in the room for a long beat . abel first , please know that we respect the work you be do to try to help we business and the city . but also know I have never take anything I have not earn from anyone so when you say you have ... he pull himself back . abel ( cont 'd ) we be on the same side here . a.d.a . lawrence well yes and no . see , all that I can do be to try and put people away in the simple and most economical way possible with the limited resource at my disposal . it do not really matter to we who it be or how we do it as long as it 's progress . abel well , it make a difference to I . 20 a.d.a . lawrence I know it do . this city be a very difficult place to do business right now . abel yes . this more conciliatory tone make lawrence think through he next reply for a long beat . a.d.a . lawrence you know ... Mr. morale you seem like a decent man , and because of that I be really not comfortable just sit here with you pretend that the elephant perch on the corner of my desk be not there . lawrence look over at deputy lange whose body language say `do not go down this road ' . but he do . a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) I can not go into specifics at this moment but we believe that you and you company have break the law and that we have enough evidence to prove that . so next week , Monday actually , we will be bring a case against you . this drop like a bomb . abel and lawrence stare at each other . then abel glance to the corner of the desk . we see that a large draft copy of the case be actually sit there . abel look back up . a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to do this in person . it 's awkward , obviously , but I do not want to have this happen on Monday not have say something here in person today , out of respect . abel I understand . abel stand up to leave and andrew be still a little stunne but stand . 21 abel ( cont 'd ) you have you job to do . but know that you be wrong and that we will take advantage of every opportunity to prove that . a.d.a . lawrence I be sure you will . they turn to leave . and lawrence have one more think . a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) one more thing ... have you be do anything different in you business over the last year ? abel I be sorry ? a.d.a . lawrence I be just look here through this report . it look like out of the nineteen register heating oil company in the city you truck have be get hit three to one . abel yes ? a.d.a . lawrence so be you maybe do something to bring this on yourself ? andrew walsh like what ? a.d.a . lawrence like enter a new market ? abel I be always try to expand my business . a.d.a . lawrence of course . but I think you understand what I be say ... there be always some market that be more difficult than other to enter . abel every new market be a difficult market . ( more ) 22 abel ( cont 'd ) but my driver be assault and my truck and oil be steal in broad daylight in front of fifteen toll collector and six police officer yesterday . and yet no one see anything . that be a problem ... no ? a.d.a . lawrence I have a lot of problem come across my desk every day Mr. morale . abel I be sure you do . int . hallway of brooklyn d.a. court build - day abel walk out in front of andrew . andrew walsh abel . abel . he stop and turn . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) ( he word escape he ) abel exactly . andrew walsh no ... let 's not overreact . we do not even know what they be bring against we . it could be total bullshit , and they be just try to use we along the way . this be not anything yet . abel I know . int . anna's office standard HEATING oil - day anna be work away on a add machine in she office . she be listen to the radio that sit behind she on the desk . we can see that she be in she comfort zone . abel enter . anna how would it go ? 23 abel the da ... he say he 's go to bring down charge on we next week . anna for what ? abel we do not know yet . anna who else ? abel right now they be just say we . beat . abel ( cont 'd ) where be we expose ? anna we follow standard industry practice on every front . abel Anna ? anna I need to know what they be say we do . beat . abel okay . int . hospital long hallway - day abel walk down the long hallway and enter a room . int . hospital room - day julian be sit on the edge of the bed , wait . his jaw be in bandage , and there be crutch sit next to he , but he look much better than the previous day . they look at each other intensely but say nothing . 24 int . shit -hole tenement stairwell - day abel be help julian up the stair . they struggle together . finally they get to the top floor and stand outside apartment number . julian stop , not really want to open the door in front of he boss . abel I be very sorry this happen . do you need anything else ? ( julian nod no ) if you do , you call the office ... okay then . he turn to leave and walk back to the stair . julian abel ? abel turn and look at he . julian ( cont 'd ) do you think I be ready to move into sale ? abel think this through . abel I do not . julian I ... I be not sure I will be able ... abel you will . julian change the subject . julian do you get the truck back ? abel yes . they take the load . julian this be the sixth one ? abel seventh ... you get some rest . 25 ext . build by abel be car - day abel come out of the building and walk towards he car where a group of tough - looking kide in they early twenty be sit , look to see who be go to come and claim the brand new car . he walk right though they without be overly aggressive but without a hint of be intimidate . he get in and drive away . int . brooklyn barbershop - night abel be sit in the barber chair get a trim . through the window we see arnold kline , a competitor of abel be walk by . they see each other . arnold kline come into the shop follow by a bodyguard . he sit down next to abel . this conversation happen with they both look at each other in the mirror . arnold kline well , look who it be . abel Arnold . arnold kline just a touch off the side Jimmy . not all of we be as lucky as Mr. morale here in term of keep we hair . barber jimmy you be a good look man . arnold kline I know I be . so I hear congratulation be in order ? abel what 's that ? arnold kline you get yourself in contract over there . abel we be work on it . arnold kline thirty day close I hear , you better be . abel we be , thanks for you concern . 26 barber jimmy finish abel , and he stand up to leave . abel have he back to kline as he pay . arnold kline I see a couple of you truck over in rego Park the other day . this bring abel around to look at he square . abel really ? when be that ? arnold kline a couple time . abel it 's possible . arnold kline be it ? abel yes . arnold kline that 's a tough market . abel it be . arnold kline my father struggle for year before he break in there . abel any new market be a tough one . I will see you . abel walk out of the shop and look around . it be now dark outside . ext . country road - next morning abel be jogging again but this time he be deep in the wood . he run along the road . we then hear a car come from behind he . the car noise then turn into more of a truck noise . he stop and turn around as we see a large truck come towards he . he get himself over to the side of the road . we have a slight fear it might hit he . but as it pass we see it 's a large move truck . there 's a second one follow right behind it . 27 as the truck pass it register on abel 's face . he cut into a path in the wood . ext . driveway abel walk up to he house , and we see the move truck prepare to unload . anna get out of she car with the kid , and they run around and check out the house as anna direct the mover . abel come up and stand next to she . they smile a protect smile at they new home . abel give she a kiss . int . dine room of new house - night the whole family sit around the table in candlelight . they be eat takeout , but with a mismatch of formal and everyday tableware that have be unpack . there be box all around they . anna I know it have be a long road , and that not all of you want to do this , but thank you . for I ... abel a toast . all six raise a glass . abel ( cont 'd ) a toast to we new home . it 's as beautiful as my wife and daughter and as strong as I ... ( kid laugh ) May we be happy , prosperous and safe here . cheer . int . gymnasium girl youth soccer game - next morning abel be stand watch the game as he wait for he coffee to come out of the snack bar . over he shoulder we hear ... peter forente so you make the move ? abel turn and see peter forente stand there . he 's in he mid-forty , very well - dress , and handsomely bald . abel Peter ... it 's official as of yesterday . 28 counter person sir. abel pick up he coffee , and they both walk back over to the sideline together . although they be stand a bit off to the side from everyone else . peter forente so I hear about you rig get pick off again . abel yes . peter forente we should probably get together to discuss this and go over some of the preventative measure that we have be take . we have not have a incident since November . it do not do any of we any good to have this kind of attention bring to we . they both stare out at the court for beat . peter forente ( cont 'd ) so I think I may have see one of you new truck the other day . they look at each other . peter forente ( cont 'd ) out near here , at the Miller Road diner ? abel that 's possible . peter forente the driver look like a member of the Hitler youth . I have not see a teamster that blond and blue-ey since I be a kid . abel he 's from Ohio . play football . I like my driver to fit in with the neighborhood ... peter forente that 's new territory for you , no ? this bring they both back in to look at each other . 29 abel just pick up a few new account over there . weekend house of some old client from in the city . peter give a bit of a stronger look . then finally turn back towards the field . peter forente which one be yours ? abel right there . they look out . peter forente she 's beautiful . abel thank you . peter forente welcome to the neighborhood . you should be proud . abel proud ? peter forente yes . int . garage of the new house - day the garage be fill with box . abel stand in the middle of a few that be partially unpack . he have set up a old radio in the corner of the garage , and it be play a New York Giants football game . abel take a object out of one of the box and look at it with significance . come from the main house we hear the doorbell ring . abel be oldest daughter , annie , come to the door of the garage . annie dad. Mr. walsh be here . abel look around behind annie to see andrew stand there . he wave he into the garage . the box be stack almost to the ceiling around they . 30 andrew walsh I be sorry for the dramatic drop in but you phone do not seem to be work . abel it 's not set up yet ... so I be guess this be not good news here on a Sunday night . andrew walsh no ... it look like they be come after we . abel that describe many people at this point . slight smile . andrew walsh the d.a. abel how bad ? andrew walsh I still have not see it yet . but my guy in he office just give I a head up a hour ago . it 's not good . abel where be we expose ? andrew walsh I be not sure , a couple place probably . abel a couple place ? this hit abel . he think for a beat than go over to the door to the house and call for he wife . abel ( cont 'd ) Anna ... Anna ! they wait . she enter , she be a bit surprised to see andrew in she garage . anna Andrew . 31 andrew walsh Anna ... sorry you have get no phone . abel as of tomorrow I will have my new radio hook up though so you should be able to reach I wherever I be ... he be make light of the situation , but as she look at they face she know there be a problem . andrew walsh the d.a. be go to bring down charge on we tomorrow . anna for what ? andrew walsh we do not know yet . anna who else ? andrew walsh right now they be just say we . abel where be we expose ? abel look at he wife . she look at andrew . anna we follow standard industry practice on every front . they all give each other a long look , as this mean they have be bend the rule in several place , as do all they competitor . abel what do that mean ? anna you know what that mean . andrew walsh it mean we may have some accounting exposure where we have push thing a little too far . abel how far ? 32 andrew walsh you always tell we to push until we could not push any further . well , we may have hit that line . so we will handle it and move on . abel Anna ? abel shoot she a sting worried glance . anna I need to know what they be say we do . andrew walsh let 's not get ahead of ourselves here . you have always follow standard industry practice . we be not even sure what this be yet . I just want to make sure you have all the information I do . this be a badge of honor , it mean we be big enough to give a shit about now . do not worry . that sit for a beat . abel okay . anna thank you for come by Andrew . abel reach into he pocket and take out a remote for the automatic garage door opener . as it open you can see the pride in he face as this remote be a fairly high - tech new item . they all sit and watch as it open the whole way then stop in silence . andrew be now stand outside in the driveway . andrew walsh very impressive . abel thank you . anna it only cost he a year of the kid 's tuition . 33 andrew walsh and one more thing . I get a call from the union ... o'leary . this grab both they attention . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) they have be get word back from we driver . anna what word ? andrew walsh there be real concern about they safety . abel who ? anna all of they . andrew walsh the driver be feel unprotect . anna because they be . andrew walsh I just think you should talk to they about it . before it grow into something . abel okay . andrew walsh good night . int . abel and anna's bedroom - night abel be lie in bed , awake . anna be as well . he be stare at the ceiling . they dog be lie at the foot of the bed asleep as well . eventually the dog wake up and look out towards the doorway . he growl ever so lightly . then he stop , listen , and start growl a little more . anna look up ever so slightly . anna what 's he do ? 34 abel be now stand up to go look . abel quiet ... do not worry . it 's nothing . anna try to go back to sleep . int . hallway / kid be room - night abel walk out of the bedroom and slowly head down the hall to he kid ' room . he look in each room and the child be sleep soundly with nothing out of place . int . kide ' room / hallway - same time as he come out of the last bedroom back into the hallway he see he dog stand at the top of the stair look down over the balcony into the live room . the dog be start to quietly growl once again . abel be face go from total comfort that he kid be safe to total paranoia . he slowly walk down the hall . he stop off in he bedroom closet and grab a mid-size baseball bat / billy club . now he be head down the stair with the club try not to freak himself out . int . OPEN live room / entry hall / front door - night abel walk down the stair and the dog just stand at the top , still growl every now and then . abel come into the live room and everything seem perfectly normal . he then relax and turn towards the dog . abel quiet . it 's nothing . come down here . he snap he finger and call the dog . the dog finally come down the stair . abel now head towards the kitchen in a relaxed state , but then the dog start growl again and look out the window next to the front door . abel come over , he open the front door but the dog refuse to go out . abel ( cont 'd ) go. oh come on . go. abel think he hear something . he click on the light and pull he bat back up into position . he head outside . 35 ext . front door to abel be house - night abel come to the end of the front walk and there be nothing . the dog have now follow he outside and be slowly head over to a area where a small exterior hallway lead to a side entrance . it be dark . the dog start bark and go crazy . abel slowly head over to the cover passageway . all hell now break lose . a burglar , in all black , come blast out of the shadow . the dog try to bite he as he go by . abel swing he club and hit burglar square on the shoulder but he keep come . he knock abel over and run towards the driveway . abel be up and chase after he faster than we expect . ext . base of the ravine deep in wood - continuous there be a pretty good moon out so we can see they run full throttle through the very thick wood . abel be keep up with he and in fact may be gain on he . abel be still in he pajamas . he have a rage that have be building up inside he for a good two week that be now pour out of he in the energy to chase this guy down . they come to the top of a small ravine which abel seem to know from he run through the wood and abel take a bit of a easier / quick path down . ext . wood behind abel be house - continuous abel now cut he off at a angle and swing the bat at he leg . burglar trip and go fly . abel fall as he swing at he . they both sit on the ground for a beat . abel be exhaust . they stare at each other . a brief look of panic come across burglar 's face . then he be up again and run off into the wood . abel get himself up and chase after he . ext . road next to the wood - night abel come out of the wood into the middle of the road , and in the distance we see burglar run up to a wait van with its light and engine on . the guy get into the passenger side of the van , and it peel out . abel be leave stand in the middle of the road , barely able to breathe and hold the bat . 36 ext . abel front door - night abel come walk back towards he front door . anna be stand with all the light on and with the dog sit next to she . she look at he in shock . anna where be you ? abel ( look to the dog ) a lot of help you be . anna abel ? they both look down at he bare foot . he have be in some kind of shock and have not even notice that he bare foot be cut up to piece from run in the wood through the ice . his foot be bleed all over the walkway . int . powder room of abel and anna's house - night anna be in warrior mode . any panic in she voice have disappear , and she be speak with a calm yet deadly seriousness . she be clean the cut on he foot and put bandage on they as they talk . anna who be it ? abel what do you mean , how be I suppose to know who it be ? she give he a look . abel ( cont 'd ) I do not know . she give he another look . abel ( cont 'd ) I think it be just some punk , look to rip we off . anna if you ... abel ouch ! if they have want to send a message he could have ... and he do not . 37 anna seem like a message be send loud and clear . abel please . do not get go on this . we be a big new house . he probably want the tv . he do not have a gun , he have nothing . the alarm will be in on Monday . it be some kid . they be not come back . she look at he with considerable concern . he lean in and start kissing she . she hold still at first then give in . int . training room at standard HEATING oil - next morning abel be in a suit but be kneel and almost lie on he back show three sale recruit what they should be look for . another instructor look on . we see abel in he element . he be a salesman . abel what you be look for here be the open to the burn chamber . now at this point you have not tip you hat in anyway . from the minute you walk in the house you should have be work to create a impression of total impartiality . but now ... he reach over and open the small door . a fire be burn inside . on cue the instructor hand abel a crisp clean white handkerchief . abel ( cont 'd ) when this door open you begin to close . it must always be spotless . if they see you have ever do this before it be over . he take it and reach up into a small exhaust chimney . abel ( cont 'd ) now , you do this and only this ... you look down at the cloth and do not say a word ... you just keep stare at the cloth and then you slowly just start shaking you head . very very slowly and small . ( more ) 38 abel ( cont 'd ) do not look up at they . just at the cloth . then abel make a small click noise . instructor do you hear that noise ... that 's the noise . sale student alex what noise ? abel it mean you be close ... then after sit in silence way longer than be comfortable , you turn . and say " I would love to run a few number for you . be there somewhere more comfortable we could sit . " they will almost always take you to the dining room table and will offer you something . and whatever it be you always take the fancy option . instructor can I get you a coffee or tea ? abel a tea please . instructor we have some homemade lemonade or a soda . abel I would love a lemonade , thank you . sale student alex why ? abel because , we be never go to be the cheapest option , so we have to be the best . and they want ... no , need ... to feel that you want the best too . that 's why we truck be the newest or cleanest , and we driver be approachable . just then the woman who work behind the front desk ( standard front desk ) come to the door . standard front desk they need you . 39 abel I gotta go , but the final point I will make be the hardest one . once you have do the math and show they what we can save they over the long haul through proper maintenance , you need they to sign . and the problem be by hire you that mean they be fire someone else . and that 's never easy . so to get they over the line you need to close they . so when you show they the number look up at they both ... and just stare at they ... abel begin stare at the recruit . he continue to stare . abel ( cont 'd ) you stare longer than you should . because this be not a joke . you will only keep this job if you close . and that 's not funny to you . and I be only interested in this company grow , and when it be not I do not think it 's funny at all . this people work very hard for they money and this other guy be rip they off , treat they poorly , because they do not know ... so when you look they in the eye you have to believe that we be better , and we be , but you will never do anything as hard as stare a person straight in the eye and tell the truth . abel then do exactly that to they . and he hold it for a long beat . abel ( cont 'd ) well ... it be great to meet you . welcome and I wish you luck . abel walk out of the room and straight into . int . large staff meeting room - day there be a great high / low nature to the way abel run the company . while he wear great suit and he truck be impeccable , he do not waste money . so this room where the driver have company meeting be very basic . 40 the room be fill with all of the driver . there be a bit of a nervous energy in the room . it quiet as abel come in . he stand aside . standard front desk truck 16 through 23 you should be ready to go ... as standard front desk see abel stand behind she , she stop . abel walk forward a few step . abel good morning . first off , I pick up Julian yesterday and he be back home and do much better . and I just want to make sure you be all aware that we be do everything we can to deal with this situation . we be work with law enforcement , and they seem to be close in on this guy . but , sadly this be the time we be live in and we must rise above they . so , on that front we have this . he put one of the new radio on the dais . andrew come into the room behind abel and stand . abel ( cont 'd ) this will be in every truck by the end of the week . much to my wife 's concern I spend some serious coin and we now have we own close channel that should not have any blackout area . you will always be in contact with we . ( a hand go up in the back ) yes , eddy . senior driver eddy I have hear that the union be consider recommend other more active option for we to consider . do you know about this ? abel look to andrew . abel we have be in constant contact with the union and they be not consider any new course of action at this time . 41 senior driver eddy so this radio be what we get ? abel yes . ext . abel and anna's house - day anna be walk back from the mailbox look through the day 's mail . as she approach the house she look up and see the two young daughter , elizabeth ( 6 year old ) and catherine ( 4 year old ) , play in front of the house . catherine come out from under a bush near the side door with something in she hand . anna look back down at the mail . as she get closer to the house we see a look of concern come across she face . the look then turn to one of complete horror but as she get closer to catherine she try to control she emotion . anna Catherine ... Catherine . Katie ! she drop the mail . and go right up to she daughter . catherine mommy . as anna come up to catherine we now see that the little girl be hold a large very real look handgun in she little hand . anna be besides herself . anna where do you get this ? Catherine where do you find this ? catherine right here . the little girl point over towards the bush near the side door where louis servidio be hide and get hit the night before . anna show I . the little girl walk over to bush and kneel down . catherine it be just sit right here . anna turn to the middle daughter , elizabeth . 42 anna do you see this ? elizabeth yeah , she go under there to get that ball and come out with it . anna Maria ! anna yell towards in the house . elizabeth what be it ? anna walk towards the front door to retrieve the nanny maria . anna Maria ! elizabeth Mom , be it real ? int . abel' office standard HEATING oil - day abel be sit down at he desk . anna come to the door . she get he attention and then walk right up to the desk . she put the handgun down right in front of he . abel what be that ? anna a gun ... it 's a gun abel . abel where do you get it ? anna you youngest daughter find it in the bush outside we front door . she be play with it . abel be totally speechless . anna ( cont 'd ) it 's load ... with the safety off . this sit like a bomb in the room . 43 anna ( cont 'd ) that be not kid look to rip off we tv abel , that be a fuck goon with a load gun look in we window ! what the hell be go on here ? abel let I see that . I will take care of this . anna damn right we will . who be this ? abel I do not know , but I will take care of it . anna what do that mean you will take care of it . this be not a brick through we car window or some other cute little warning that I have put up with in the past . this be you daughter play with a load gun ! he turn back quickly . and stare at she . abel ( yell ) I know what it be ! he slowly walk back across the room and pick up the gun . his hand show a shake ever so slightly as he touch it . abel ( cont 'd ) let I deal with this . anna you better . because you will not like what 's go to happen once I start get involved . this cause he to stop in he track . he turn very seriously . abel you be not to tell you father about this . she look back at he with a tinge of a smile . 44 abel ( cont 'd ) do you hear I . anna be look change and she understand . anna ... I will not . andrew come to the door and knock . andrew walsh can I talk with you both ? anna I find a gun outside we front door . somebody leave it there last night . andrew walsh who ? abel I do not know . anna look over to andrew let he know she disgust . andrew walsh well ... he look around then close the door behind he and get they attention . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) it 's not good ... it 's bad he take out a folder contain the formal indictment and hand it to abel . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) it 's a fourteen count indictment . most of it be crap . piggyback issue . but ... as andrew keep talk , truck go rumbling by behind they . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) the first three count be where we start to have real issue . they know what 's go on in this industry . they say we be rigging scale and under-report income . we do not know what they have or how they get it . but no matter how they get it , it 's a problem . 45 abel that truck just go out filthy . abel look out the window as a truck leave the yard . anna abel ! andrew walsh we be go to owe they some money . this bring he back . abel how much ? andrew walsh that depend on a bunch of factor . but that 's a accounting question . they both look to anna andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) and there be one other thing . the bank ... this hit abel . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) we need to sit down with they immediately . I set a dinner . we need you both there to lay everything out and be totally up - front . this should not be a problem . Lord know they have give money to bigger crook than we . but I do not want we hide anything from they . abel do not like this joke . abel you need to get home and start go through we set of book . how far back be they go ? andrew walsh seem like all the way back to when you buy out Anna 's father . anna I will get into it . 46 he look out the window and see a cadillac pull in .. abel what be o'leary do here ?. abel look to andrew . andrew walsh he 's be want to talk to you for day . abel ( under he breath ) Jesus . abel get up to go out . as andrew shuffles to leave anna stop he : anna Andrew can I talk to you for a minute . abel leave and they stay . ext . standard HEATING oil yard - day abel how be you Bill ? bill o'leary I be ok . can not say I be use to make house call like this anymore though . abel I would have come to see you . bill o'leary that 's alright . you have get bigger thing to worry about . ( Long pause ) so , I can not have this situation with you guy continue . abel my guy . bill o'leary you driver . 47 abel good . I would love you to help on this . because I can not have it go on any longer either . bill o'leary so let they protect themselves , that would stop all this very quickly . abel I respectfully disagree . bill o'leary they be pick on you man because they be just sit there ... weak . abel they be take shot at I because I be grow , expand , get stronger not weaker . this frustrate Bill because he know abel be right . he try a new tack . bill o'leary it 's quite simple for I : I can not have my driver get hit like this . it look like I can not protect they . abel well , it appear that you can not . this be a little too sharp for the head of the NYC teamster 's taste . bill o'leary I can . and will . because of all my job description that be the one I consider most sacred . abel I agree . but this be truck driver , not soldier , this will lead to chaos . bill o'leary it will stop immediately . abel no , it will not . 48 he reset , again . bill o'leary you seem to be under pressure from many side right now ... which I understand . trust I I understand . so let I think this through . but whatever decision I make on this , it stand . that man show up every morning for you because I tell they to . it 's important for you to realize that this be very dangerous time , and we need to adapt . it 's not like when we be drive . abel yes . bill o'leary sometimes the weak man be the stronger man if he have the right tool . abel it may seem that way ... but if you be weak eventually it will show ... it always do . and if you want this to all be behind we , help I find out who be do this . you know a lot of people , and that would be the most help to I . bill o'leary it 's not always as simple as it appear . abel I be sure that 's true . bill o'leary it be ... well , I get to get go . abel thank you for come Bill . ext . gate at standard HEATING oil - day o'leary walk over to andrew as he be get in he car . andrew walsh how do that go ? 49 bill o'leary not well . andrew walsh he feel very strongly about this . bill o'leary I can see that . andrew walsh I do not think he fully understand it . bill o'leary what 's to understand ? andrew walsh it 's illegal . bill o'leary it 's not illegal if I say it be not . my responsibility be to provide safe and timely passage of goods and product into and around this city . and because of this situation it be appear to that whose opinion I care about that I can not do my job . that can not and will not continue . andrew walsh I understand . bill o'leary so talk to he . you need to protect yourself . this be very serious . just know that . andrew think this through . andrew walsh how would this work ? bill o'leary what do that mean ? andrew walsh I guess I be not even sure exactly what you be suggest . bill o'leary be you kid I with this ? 50 andrew walsh no . bill o'leary every driver in you fleet get a handgun . andrew walsh and a permit ? o'leary nod yes . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) when ? bill o'leary by Friday . andrew walsh be the permit legit ? bill o'leary that depend what they do with it . if they kill they wife with they , then no . then that be a very fake permit , and I will walk away very quickly . but they just need to show that they be defend themselves , and this will stop . andrew walsh who be it ? bill o'leary I do not fuck know ... andrew walsh I will talk to he . int . morale ' garage - day anna be struggle through the box in the garage . she move some thing and then find what she be look for . a pile of about nine match file box that be all label the same . it be they off the book bookkeeping . int . study / library of the new house - day the library be fill with custom make bookshelve that be still wait to be fill . there be a large desk sit in the corner that have not be fully unpack yet . 51 anna come in struggle carry the file box from the garage , she pile they on the desk . she look around she foot at the pile , it 's literally the skeleton from she closet . she reset , walk over to the window to look out over she new beautiful home . then she turn back at the pile of box that hold they past and they future . ext . long suburban driveway - day a Standard oil driver steer he truck down the driveway . as he approach the end he see a massive bulk oil truck of one of they competitor park block the exit of the driveway . he stop he truck and get out warily . he look around . no one be in the cab of the truck . but he see a small note tape to the window . it read : " engine trouble , back later ... fuck you . " int . study / library of the new house the phone start ringing . anna get up from she work and answer it . we stay on she as she get the news . anna he 's not here . her face fill with building anger as she hear . anna ( cont 'd ) okay . I will . anna hang up the phone and walk over to the window and look out and over at the other main wing of she new beautiful home . then she turn back and look at the pile of box that hold they past and they future . ext . gate at standard HEATING oil o'leary walk over to andrew as he be get in he car . andrew walsh how do that go ? bill o'leary not well . andrew walsh he feel very strongly about this . 52 bill o'leary I can see that . andrew walsh I do not think he fully understand it . bill o'leary what 's to understand ? andrew walsh it 's illegal . bill o'leary it 's not illegal if I say it be not . this take andrew back a step . bill o'leary ( cont 'd ) my responsibility be to provide safe and timely passage of goods and product into and around this city . and because of this situation it be appear to that whose opinion I be concerned with , that I can not do that right now . that can not and will not continue . andrew walsh I understand . bill o'leary so talk to he . you need to protect yourself . as a company . andrew walsh I will try to talk with he . bill o'leary this be very serious . just know that . andrew walsh think this through . andrew walsh how would this work ? bill o'leary what do that mean ? andrew walsh I guess I be not even sure exactly what you be suggest . 53 bill o'leary be you kid I with this ? andrew walsh no . bill o'leary every driver in you fleet get a handgun . andrew walsh and a permit ? o'leary nod yes . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) when ? bill o'leary by Friday . andrew walsh be the permit legit ? bill o'leary that depend what they do with it . if they kill they wife with they , then no . then that be a very fake permit , and I will walk away very quickly . but they just need to show that they be defend themselves , and this will stop . andrew walsh who be it ? bill o'leary I do not fuck know ... int . abel be office - later andrew come to the door . abel be stare out the window but look up as andrew sit down . andrew walsh they just get another truck . abel I know . andrew walsh who be drive ? 54 abel leo. andrew walsh be he alright ? abel yes . andrew walsh the driver ' security aside ... this shit be start to have a very significant financial effect on we here . it can not continue . abel I know . andrew walsh how be you talk ? ( nothing ) I speak with he after . he 's go to keep go `til he get the answer he 's look for . abel I say I would not do it . they sit for a long beat . andrew walsh I be not sure we be in a position to say that . abel what 's that ? andrew look around . he 's get paranoid . andrew walsh do you want to go for a walk ? abel be you really serious with this , this be what it 's come to , walk around outside like fuck gangster ? andrew walsh I be and it be . 55 ext . standard HEATING oil truck - day throughout this conversation abel be walk over to a section of the yard where worker be load some sort of additive chemical to the fuel truck . andrew walsh it be look like we must do this . abel I must ? this get a little personal . andrew walsh they will shut you down . abel this man , they work for I . this truck they drive , the customer they serve . they be here because we build this . andrew walsh that 's true , until its not . and the last person in the world right now that we need work against we be the president of the fuck teamster . this company be out of business in a month if he get this guy to walk . we be run out of cash . abel what be you even talk about here ? andrew walsh the union provide a handgun and a permit to every one of the driver . and they think this whole thing be over in a week . abel this man be fuck truck driver . this be insane . you know who be gonna get it in the end here , I . this come back to I . andrew walsh it do either way . abel I be not do it . 56 andrew walsh would you put everything at risk to stand by that . abel think this through . abel it will be the end of everything I have work for . if one of this guy shoot somebody it 's I they will bring down for it ... I will talk to he ... and we need to close this deal . we can not stay like this any longer . we must close on that property ... we be so weak right now . they be now stand on top of one of the truck tank as a worker pour the additive into the tank . the container say " GREEN dye # 7 " on it . abel look down as it flow in . he stand up and look out across the fence at the container property . andrew walsh why do you want this so badly ? abel because I have my entire savings at risk with this deposit . it be everything . andrew walsh that 's not what I mean . why do you want it so badly in the first place ? it be a risk ... always . abel think this through . abel I do not know . andrew walsh you do not know ? have you ever think about it ? abel I have think about it every day for the last five year . this place be sit over that fence mock .... andrew walsh I do not mean have you ever think about that place ... ( more ) 57 andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) I mean have you ever think why you want it so badly ? abel I do not know what you mean . abel look to he in a sincere way want he to answer but andrew just wait . finally . abel ( cont 'd ) I know what you be ask and no ... I never ask myself why I do this . it just feel right ... want to be bigger feel better . it feel right . andrew walsh that 's very simple . abel yes ... with this he give he a deadly serious look . abel ( cont 'd ) ... it be . andrew walsh you take this risk ... abel only when necessary . andrew walsh we have to get go , we need they to show up . int . white tablecloth restaurant - night anna lead the boy to the table , and we see a whole new side to she . she be go to get this do . as they approach the table we see two banker stand to greet they . the Bank President , arthur lewis , and Bank vp ian thompson . anna Arthur . arthur lewis Anna , you look amazing as always . anna thank you . 58 arthur lewis gentlemen . do you know Ian Thompson ? one of we new vp 's . anna Ian . they all shake hand and sit . the waiter come over . waiter so what can I get you to drink ? abel a lot . awkward laughter . abel ( cont 'd ) a wine list please . waiter I will be right back . arthur lewis so how be you ? abel we have be better ... but we be good . arthur lewis yes I hear about that ... if you stay in business long enough it 's bound to happen eventually . anna well that 's exactly right . and we want to sit down with you tonight to make sure we be be totally up - front with everything that be go on and make sure that you understand the nature of the complaint and be comfortable that it be not go to affect we business in a adverse way . andrew walsh do you have a chance to look over the outline that I send over ? arthur lewis yes , we do . 59 anna hopefully it make clear that even in a worst case situation we will pay off any and all fine and be able to move forward with very comfortable capital on hand . abel jump in take some offense . abel but you should know Arthur that this man have be digging through we industry for over two year look for anything he can find . and as you know probably better than anyone , have work with some of we competitor the think that he would have single we out be ridiculous . it reek of everything that be wrong with this city right now . we run a fair and clean business and follow every standard industry practice and I will fight `til my last day to prove that ... this silence the table for a long beat . abel ( cont 'd ) but ... but ... abel hold up he finger and point at arthur across the table to make he point . abel ( cont 'd ) ... do not think for a moment that I be go to allow this mess to interfere with we plan to grow . we need to know you be stand by we . bank vp ian thompson yes , what be it with this piece of property that you find so integral or that can not be put off `til after this legal matter be deal with ? abel be a little take aback by this comment . it go against everything that come naturally to he as a person . anna and andrew know this and be concerned he might go off . abel think it through . 60 abel that 's a very good question . this property give we many thing ... firstly direct access to the river . so I can bring in fuel directly from any provider in the world straight to my tank , then it have over 10 million gallon of storage capacity , so I can buy in the summer when my price be low and sell to my customer and most importantly some of my competitor when the price be high . I will not just drive truck anymore ... I will control my fate ... but the real answer to you question ... now abel stare right at ian thompson . abel ( cont 'd ) ... be that when it feel scary to jump Ian ... that be exactly when you must jump ... or you risk end up stay in the same place you whole life ... and that I can not do . ian thompson awkwardly laugh a bit as abel just stay deadly serious stare right at he . finally . arthur lewis we have always be there with you and know that we will continue to be . int . abel be car - night abel be drive , and anna sit in silence look out the passenger window . they be head along the main backwood road to they house . anna well , that go about as well as could be expect . abel yes . Arthur be a good man . anna do you think they will close ? abel of course . 61 just as he say this a deer come run out in front of they . abel try to slam on the brake but be not able to stop in time . the car hit the deer and it careen over the windshield and on to the road behind the car . he continue to slam on the brake and come to a complete stop . they both catch they breath and look around to make sure they be both okay . then they look back at the deer . it be lay on the road but be still breathe . abel ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? anna yes ... you need to go put it out of its misery . abel Jesus . anna I mean it . we can not just leave it here . ext . backwood road - night abel get out of the car and look at he smashed hood . he then walk back and approach the animal . it be lay on the side of the road . he come right up to it and stare into its eye . it stare back at he . abel walk back to the car . anna be it dead ? abel no . anna well you need ... abel I know . he reach down to open the trunk . anna what be you do ? 62 abel get the tire iron ! this whole situation have stress they out and they be on edge . abel go to the trunk and get out the large wrench . he walk back over to the deer . he bend down next to it and stare into its eye again . abel be think back on something , or many thing . he make a small start movement like he be go to hit it over the head but he stop himself . he can not quite do it . then he sit with the animal a beat longer . we come in very close to abel and see he hand be struggle to deliver the blow . just as he grip the tire iron wait ... bang ! bang ! two very loud gunshot go off from right over he shoulder . he duck for cover then slowly turn behind he . anna stand there hold a small - yet - powerful Saturday night special - style handgun . smoke be still rise from the end of the pistol . the deer be dead . he look at she dumbfounded ... where do she get this gun ? she give he a look . then turn and walk back to the car . he stay and struggle to get the deer out of the road . int . abel' damaged car - night anna be sit in the car wait . we hear abel be footstep as he approach the open driver 's side door . he get in without say a word . we stay with they as they drive on in silence . int . morale house , front hallway - night the door open and abel walk in . anna be already in the house talk with nanny maria who 's be baby-sitting . anna hello Maria , sorry we be a bit late . they be fine ? nanny maria oh yes . all be good . anna great , thank you . we will see you in the morning then . 63 nanny maria okay . nanny maria come around the corner and pass abel who be just stand in the live room . he only give she a nod . anna be stand on the other side of the room just wait in silence as well . nanny maria go over to the closet and get she coat out and put it on . the tension be building like a kettle . finally nanny maria get herself together and walk out and as the door shut they come immediately at each other . anna what ? abel what ? anna yes ... what ? abel be you kid ? anna no . abel okay then ... what be this gun ? anna I tell you I be not go to just continue to stand around and let this people come and get I and my child . so unlike you who seem to be totally comfortable just stand around like some ... fuck pussy ... I do something about it . abel be slightly stammer at this point , not quite sure what to do . they be still stand on opposite side of the room from each other . he just wait ... finally . abel where do you get it ? anna you know where I get it . abel do you have a permit ? 64 anna not yet . this set he off . he come walk across the room at she as if he might hit she . he get closer and closer . abel you must be a bigger fuck idiot than I even think . you be try to protect you child ? protect they ? do you have any idea what happen if you get catch use that thing ? he be now stand right over she . abel ( cont 'd ) you dress yourself up in this fancy clothes , and look at you here in you mansion . I have give you everything you could possibly want but you still can not stop think like the Brooklyn corner - store gangster 's daughter that you be . anna you have give I ? you ? be you delusional ? do you even understand how ridiculous that make you sound ? they be really go at it now . he try to grab she purse , which she still have over she shoulder . they struggle for it . abel where be this thing ? let I see it . anna abel . abel let I see it . be this go to make you safe ? with that he use brute force , probably hurt she arm , but she do not let on . he take the purse from she . he open it and take out the small gun . abel ( cont 'd ) you know who use gun like this ? ( he scream ) whore ! 65 with that , she slap he across the face . they just stare at each other for a very long time . abel ( cont 'd ) it 's a trap ... and you be walk right into it ... you need to get that thing out of we house . anna you need to protect we . abel that be what I be do . he walk out the front door . int . MAIN live / dine room of morale house - next day there be twelve seven -year-old sit around the dining room table yell " happy birthday " to one of the morale daughter as she blow out the candle . a large group of the parent surround the table . group happy birthday ! just as elizabeth blow out the candle the doorbell ring . nanny maria head to the front door . the camera stay with the party . nanny maria come back into the room and stand behind she , we see a police officer hold some kind of clipboard . abel walk over quickly try not to create a scene . he lead the police officer back over to the front door . the parent certainly notice and start stir . ext . front step - day abel lead the officer outside , and as he look up he see that he driveway be pack with four police car , some unmark and there be about five officer wait to come into the house . abel I understand . but as you can see this be a terrible time for we . I be have my daughter 's birthday party . abel be try to remain calm and not lose he temper . 66 police officer I understand and I apologize , I do . but this be a warrant and we need to gain complete access to the property . they stare at each other just as anna come to the door . she see the scene in she driveway . anna what be this ? police officer let I go check something . anna be they serious ? abel be seethe and can only manage a slight nod . as they look across the driveway they see the officer talk to someone . the officer shift out of the way and they see he be talk to assistant d.a. lawrence . abel I be go to kill this guy . anna abel . anna be try to get he attention quietly . abel abel . he turn and they look at each other . she signal towards the library and they share a know , concerned glance . abel ( cont 'd ) give I five minute . she nod and head down the path towards the police and lawrence . abel head back in the doorway . abel ( cont 'd ) Maria . keep the kid play for a few minute . anna walk up to the lawrence . anna Mr. lawrence be it ? 67 a.d.a . lawrence yes . anna Anna morale . she reach out she hand to shake he with a smile . anna ( cont 'd ) May I speak with you for a minute . a.d.a . lawrence ( think , then ) yeah . they walk away from the other down the driveway a stretch . anna I understand you and you man have a job to do here . but we be in the middle of a seven - year - old 's birthday party . a.d.a . lawrence I understand , and I be sorry . but we be come in . she turn a little on he . anna that 's not a problem , as we have nothing to hide from you . it 's just that , we recently move to this area , and there be twenty guest in we house ... please ... can you give I five minute so we can ask everyone to leave calmly before you come into my home ? he think this through . a.d.a . lawrence you can get they out of the house . anna thank you . int . / ext . hallway outside study / deck abel come down the hall carry file box and bring they out onto the deck . anna come out onto the deck as he be look over the edge . 68 anna where be you go ? abel bring the last few out . anna you have get three minute . abel what 's go on out there . anna we guest be leave . abel try to speak but can only shake he head . finally he jump over the edge and she start hand box down to he . he then stop again . abel do we even need to be do this ? what exactly be we hide here ? she think this through . anna I do not want they go through all this before I have have a chance to . ext . ground below deck the camera be now on the ground level with abel . abel be that the last one . get back out there . abel look around for a place to stash they . ext . wood - day abel exhales then take three of the box and sneak off into the wood . we follow he as he struggle . finally he get to a small clear and start to stack they . ext . front lawn - day anna be stand out front try to hand out goody bag and to maintain pleasantry with the parent as they leave . 69 anna thank you for come . here you go . bye , Rebecca . thanks . I be sorry . bye . when the last one go she look up at the asst . da to give he the all - clear . but as she do she give he a look that could kill . the police file into the house in front of she . ext . underneath the deck - day abel have place the load of file box underneath the deck and be put the last one in place . he sit down on the pile and look out into the wood in sadness . int . MAIN live / dine room of morale house anna be look around the house as the cop search through everything . she seem oddly calm . she decide that they be be respectful and head out into the driveway . ext . driveway anna walk outside and stand , wait . lawrence come out of the house and stand near she . they wait . anna this be probably one that you be go to regret . lawrence look at she try to figure she out . a.d.a . lawrence Excuse I ? anna my husband be a very honorable man . come on a Saturday ? it 's very aggressive . a.d.a . lawrence this be standard . anna really ? I know you think you be just do you job . but we be not what you think we be . and you have embarrassed he in front of he family and friend . she give he a long , almost scary look . 70 a.d.a . lawrence I think I know you father . anna good for you . my husband be not my father . not even close . so if I be you I would start treat we with a little more respect or he will make it we only mission to ruin you . this be very disrespectful ... and you be not go to find a fuck thing . with that she walk back towards the house as the police start filing out . int . abel be office - morning abel be sit at he desk look out the window as the truck come and go . as he look across the lot he see julian come walk across towards the locker room . a smile cross abel be face . int . standard HEATING oil hallway - continuous as abel come out into the hallway sale student alex be walk by he door . abel stop to check in . abel hey , how be you ? sale student alex good . a bit nervous . I be head out on my first call alone today . abel you will do great . remember ... when you get they there . hold the eye contact longer than you would like ... but you watch what happen . he give he a big smile and a pat on the back and send he on he way . abel ( cont 'd ) good luck . int . driver locker room - day abel come into the room and julian be get ready . 71 abel it be good to see you back here . you look good . julian thank you . julian be very quiet and timid . he be miss a spark . abel be you ready to get back to work ? julian I think so . abel you be . julian thank you . abel where be you head ? julian bulk delivery to chase . abel Manhattan . that 's a cakewalk . julian do not agree . abel can no longer ignore he young protege 's concern . julian I feel very vulnerable . abel jump on this . abel good ... because you be . we all be . someone come to my house a couple night ago to rob I ... a large truck rumble by and they wait for silence to return . abel ( cont 'd ) I try to chase they away ... but really there 's nothing I can do . I be vulnerable . we all be . they can come back tonight . but to succeed and be great you must keep go back . and I know what all this guy want to be do . but it do not make you any safer . ( more ) 72 abel ( cont 'd ) and then they will come after I with everything they have ... so this be what we do . and the time will get better and safer . they will . so go . you be strong just by go . stronger in fact . julian look down at the ground , shuffles a foot , then climb into the wait truck . ext . front porch SMALL of house in ozone park - day sale student alex get out of he car and walk up to the front door . he be nervous . he build the courage and finally ring the doorbell . he wait . the door open and a nice lady in she 40' come to the door . sale student alex hi Mrs. Rose . I be Alex with Standard Heating oil , we have a appointment . mrs . rose of course , come in . int . cab of large bulk oil truck - day julian be back behind the wheel and try to convince himself that all be well . he be make a difficult right turn to get onto the 59th Street Bridge . int . ozone park house basement - day sale student alex be now lean down on the ground next to the furnace do the exact same procedure that abel do in the training session . sale student alex now as I mention on the phone this be a 17 point inspection that will help we to decipher if we maintenance plan will improve you efficiency . just then he bring out the white cloth and wipe the inside of the exhaust . and he then do the pause and the look just as he be teach . he hold the look for a very long beat . we hear a door open upstairs and then foot walk across the floor . 73 mrs . rose oh good , it 's my husband . sale student alex great . int . truck cab , 59 th STREET bridge - day julian be up on the bridge move slowly along with the traffic . he be get paranoid . look in he rearview mirror . look around . but there be nothing . no one . int . ozone park house basement - day the sale kid be still on he knee next to the furnace as foot come into frame come down the basement step . slowly the husband come into frame . mrs . rose here he be . the sale kid stand up to shake he hand . sale student alex Mr. Rose , I be Alex with Standard Heating oil . husband hey . sale student alex I be just show you wife the result of my inspection . should we head upstairs to run through some number ? husband sure . I just have one question about we exhaust chimney . would you be willing to take a look . sale student alex of course . husband it 's just outside on the other side of this wall here . mrs . rose I be go to head up . can I get you something to drink ? coffee ... tea ? 74 the kid give himself a ever-so-tiny smile . sale student alex tea would be great . the man walk over to a back basement door and open it . he usher the sale kid through . husband please . I /e. doorway ozone park basement - day as the sale kid go through the door a massive fist of someone who have be wait on the other side of the door come swinging into frame and pound the side of we kid be head . knock he out instantly . int . truck cab , 59 th STREET bridge ramp - day julian be close to get off the bridge and be start to feel better . just as the traffic in front of he start to clear up , out of the corner of he eye he see something . in he side - view mirror he see louis servidio get out of a random car behind he . his heart start racing . he look over in the other mirror and there be thug # 2 walk up . again . julian think for a second then reach for the cb radio . julian Cathy ! they be come again . over . help . help . on Bridge . he then fumble the cb and it drop to the floor of the cab . he look up into the mirror again and see that they be still come for he . the camera now come in tight on he face and he pause for a long second , and he then make he decision . he reach under he seat and take out a handgun . he do not really seem to know what he be do with it . but he open the door of the truck and get out . he aim the gun at louis servidio walk towards he . louis servidio see he and be very surprised and stop . louis servidio whoa , whoa , whoa ! take it easy there . 75 he glance over at thug # 2 . julian get the fuck away from I ! louis servidio okay , man . people in the car behind the truck be start to honk . then louis servidio give a nod signal to thug # 2 who be on the other side of the truck , and julian be gun fire by mistake . it totally miss thug # 2 . he jump out of the way and be hide behind the wheel . louis servidio ( cont 'd ) watch it now , man . you be go to hurt someone . julian be now in a total state of panic . he be hide back in front of the truck . the three man be basically do a slow - motion , very stressful hide - and -seek around the truck . the two thug now have they gun out . the honk have now reach a total insane level as traffic be back up . then thug # 2 make one last play to take the truck . he try to climb into the cab and julian go into a rage . he quickly fire three shot , miss thug # 2 with each one , but that force louis servidio to shoot two shot of he own at julian to protect thug # 2 . they miss as well , but one hit the main section of the tank and a small but steady stream of heating oil start pour out onto the roadway . just then we hear siren start to come closer in the background . this add a new element . louis servidio ( cont 'd ) where be you ? thug # 2 over here . louis servidio where be he ? thug # 2 over here . julian be just try to decide what to do next . the siren be now get much closer . 76 louis servidio get the car ! thug # 2 take off . this now leave julian and louis servidio all alone with the police come . as julian be hide , try to figure out what to do next , louis servidio go run by he . as he do : louis servidio ( cont 'd ) run for it ! julian think for a second and then run . ext . 59 th STREET bridge - day julian run all along the bridge and then see louis servidio run through a small door into the body of one of the four massive stone anchor structure that hold up the bridge . int . the 59 th STREET bridge , support column - day once he be inside , there 's another set of stair . he lock the door behind he and start racing down the stair . as he head down he hear someone just in front of he . he stop and look down the center column of the stair and look up at he about three flight away be louis servidio . louis servidio oh , there he be . have to be the hero eh ? julian fuck you . louis servidio could not just let we take the truck . julian fuck you ! julian be scream in a fit of panic at this point . louis servidio hey man relax ... calm down . do they see you come in here ? julian can not stop breathe very heavy at this point . julian I do not think so . 77 louis servidio do they or not ? he think . julian no . louis servidio alright , there 's a door down here about four more flight . do not go out there , that 's the street . go down about two more flight after that and you will come out below the bridge . they will not be there . julian fuck you ! louis servidio you be welcome . then louis servidio 's head disappear and we can hear he foot fly down the step again . julian think for a beat , then he start off down the stair again as well . the camera stay right where it be as julian head down out of sight . we just hear the sound of he foot get lower and lower . int . bridge ground floor - day julian come to the first door and look at it . we can hear siren in the distance on the other side of the door . he keep go . down two more flight , just as he say , there be another doorway . julian walk up to that door very carefully . he listen on the other side but do not hear anything but he own breath . int . stair landing lowest level - day then we hear the door back up top fly open . julian then quietly open the door in front of he and right in front of he face be a woman in full jogging clothes run by he . he look around , and after a second to get himself orientate , we see he 's on a riverfront esplanade where there be many people jogging and walk , enjoy the evening . 78 julian look at he hand and realize he be still hold the gun out in the open . he put it away and then look up at the bridge that be hover above he . he know he leave he life as he know it up on that bridge . fade to black . over the black we begin to hear the rumble of a very large truck . it get louder and louder . int . of a very large empty dumpster - day we now see that sale student alex be inside a massive , empty construction dumpster . and as he look around , we realize it be on the back of a truck that be currently drive pretty fast . with each bump that the truck go over the noise inside the dumpster be deafen . as the kid come to he sense he try to stand up . as he do , we see that the side of the dumpster be at least eight foot tall and the interior be very slick without anything to grab or stand on . he be trap . just then the truck go over another huge bump and come to a stop . it idle for a minute then begin back up . it stop . a warning , beep alarm be hear , and finally one end of the dumpster begin rise . as it get higher and higher we kid try to hold himself back , but he begin to slide towards the low end . as he do he see that the end that he be head towards be on a hinge and it be start to swing open . finally the thing be at such a angle that he can not hold on any longer and he slide towards the open . as he fall out he / we see that he 's be dumped over the edge of a cliff of some sort . he fall probably 10 - 12 foot , into a pile of garbage . as he gather himself and try to stand , we see he be stand in a massive landfill . he look around as the truck pull away . he 's leave totally alone . int . tennis court of suburban mansion - day abel be lead by a maid into a indoor tennis court . the house be massive and design like a English country estate . as abel walk up we see peter forente on the court play against a automatic tennis ball machine . he be in full tennis white as he hammer the ball back at the machine . abel approach the court and watch for a beat . 79 peter forente it 's a pretty cool machine , be not it ? abel nod . peter forente ( cont 'd ) I be pay a guy five buck a hour to do this with I last year . abel Peter . this cause peter to look up and see the serious look on abel 's face . he hit one last shot and walk a little closer to abel . the machine be still hit ball behind peter . peter forente yes . abel I need to speak with you . peter forente I see that . peter walk over to the machine and unplug it . he point over towards the chair courtside . he and abel sit down . abel this have get out of control ... there be a guy with a gun at my house . abel let this sit for a minute , and he be intently read peter 's face . he hope not , but he be judge to see if peter have anything to do with all this attack . peter just look back at he with a very strong poker face . abel ( cont 'd ) my wife and child be home at the time . peter forente be everyone okay ? abel yes . I manage to chase he off . peter forente well , I be sorry , that must have be scary ... what can I do . 80 abel I need to know who be do this . peter forente abel ... abel it 's one thing to come after my truck and driver ... and to steal from I ... but this ... it 's different . peter forente yes . abel have you ever deal with anything like this ? peter forente have you meet my father ? they both smile . his father be a old - school gangster . peter forente ( cont 'd ) a bunch of thug invade we home when I be a baby ... my mother be there with we ... my brother remember it . nothing happen . they be try to scare my father . they end up just leave and we never find out who it be . but after that we move to a fortress just like this . and that guy who let you in . they be here to shoot anyone who be not invite . abel I refuse to live my life that way . I will not do it ... I be go to ask for a meeting . they both look out and think it through a bit . peter forente who ? abel anyone with more than 20 k of storage . can I count on you be there ? peter look away for a long beat . 81 peter forente yes ... when be you close on the terminal ? abel Monday . peter forente congratulation . abel hold that ... it 's not do yet ... you may be hearing from I . ( trailed by a awkward laugh . ) peter forente well , good luck . abel stand up ready to go . abel thank you for see I . I want more than this ... peter forente I know you do . my father be in jail ... as you know . and I have always want to conduct myself differently than he do . abel and you have . peter forente almost exclusively , yes . but I know why he do what he do . because at the time it 's easier . abel but it 's not . peter forente yes it be . you be a good man . I will see what I can find out . this be not good for any of we . abel thank you . 82 ext . peter forente's driveway - day abel be walk across the beautifully - manicure driveway , and as he get nearer to he car he start to hear the mayhem that be come from the cb radio in the front seat . as he get closer he get more and more detail . radio dispatcher v.o. where be the truck now ? responding driver v.o. it 's still on the bridge . radio dispatcher v.o. be it still leak oil ? responding driver v.o. no . they have stop the leak . radio dispatcher v.o. do it reach the river ? responding driver v.o. some do . radio dispatcher v.o. how many shot be fire ? abel now slam open the door and get into the driver side and pick up the microphone . abel joanne it 's I . what be you talk about ... what shot ? the camera now come around to the outside of the car look back at abel through the windshield . the mansion be loom in the background . we see abel be face react as he hear the news of the incident on the bridge . the camera pull back as abel be face go totally cold . int . court room - day abel walk into a almost empty courtroom . lawrence be pack up he thing at the front of the room . they catch each other eye . abel make he way forward as everyone else leave . they look at each other for a beat . a.d.a . lawrence I hear . 83 abel I need to make sure you know that we have nothing to do with this . it 's not the way I do business . in fact I have be warning my man against do this sort of thing . it be terrible for I . a.d.a . lawrence it 's not good ... for either of we . abel yes . a.d.a . lawrence in my job we use whatever leverage we can gain , as I be sure you do in you business . it 's a ongoing investigation , and it will be just one piece of many . so while I appreciate you come here ... I have nothing I can tell you . lawrence look around the room think while abel say nothing , just wait . a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) what a fuck mess this place be ... do you know where he be ? abel no ... but I will find he . a.d.a . lawrence you should . and when you do , bring he to we . a situation like this , happen in such a dangerous and public way , within a industry I be charge with clean up . it 's very bad for I ... professionally speak . they look at each other one last time . abel get the message . ext . SMALL quiet side STREET , queen - day sale student alex be walk down the street look terrible . his clothes be ruin by garbage , and he be scared . as he approach he car he face drop . the car have a two - by-four slam through the shattered windshield . 84 he stop dead in he track and then carefully look around and scan the street look for anything . it be eerily empty . ext . outer gate , standard HEATING oil yard - day abel pull up in he car and the gate start to open . as it do we see arthur lewis stand wait next to he car . abel pull in next to he and get out . there be a override , almost unsettle calm to this conversation . arthur lewis abel . abel Arthur . arthur lewis I want to come and talk to you in person ... we be not go to be able to show up for you on Monday . we can not do the loan . abel I ... arthur lewis I want to let you know as soon as possible so that you could try to put something else together . abel thank you for come ... this be not right . arthur lewis I know . abel what can I do ? arthur lewis nothing ... the loan review committee meet this afternoon and will not meet again for two week . abel and you be aware of the position this be put I in ? arthur lewis I be . 85 abel I pay off my first loan to you eleven year ago . arthur lewis I know . abel do you remember the term on that loan ? arthur lewis I do not . abel I have seven year to pay you back . they both nod know what 's come next . abel ( cont 'd ) do you know how long it take I to pay you off ? arthur lewis Seven month ? abel six and a half . arthur lewis I be sorry . abel I put 40 percent down as a deposit on this . it 's all we have . arthur lewis you now have three separate serious pend legal case against you . one with sixteen count of misconduct range from fraud to tax evasion . and then in the middle of we meeting today I get a report say you have armed you entire fleet of driver which lead to a shoot - out on the 59th Street Bridge . abel none of it be true . arthur lewis that may be . 86 abel May ? they look at each other . arthur lewis it do not matter . abel it do matter , that you know we do not do this . arthur lewis I do ... I do . but it do not matter , I can not do anything . I be sorry . abel 's demeanor shift . abel I will find it . arthur lewis I know you will . the banker get into he car and back out . the gate open and he drive out . just as it be about to close it start open again . sale student alex drive in with he car trash . he pull up and get out of the car look at abel . he know what have happen and be crush . neither of they say a word , finally abel give the kid a cautious but meaningful hug around the shoulder and lead he inside . int . abel and anna's live room - that night abel walk into the room and anna be sit at the large dining table smoking a cigarette inside . she have be cry . anna it 's horrible . abel yes . anna where be he ? abel we be look for he . anna and they have not get the other guy ? 87 abel of course not . anna be you okay ? abel no ... I be not ... they be out . this get she attention . anna who ? abel the bank . with that abel walk out of the room and head up the stair to he bedroom . when he 's halfway up the stair she stop he . anna so what do that mean ? abel it mean we need to find the money somewhere else . anna we have two day ! abel I will figure it out . int . anna's car , westchester scenic highway - day abel be drive anna be car towards the city . anna be in the passenger seat and the three daughter be in the back . anna and abel do not look any better . in fact there be now a tinge of anger mix into the sadness . the daughter be argue about who 's take up too much room in the back seat . daughter move . anna quiet . daughter you move . 88 anna turn and snap at they a bit . anna stop . I have tell you guy not to push it this morning , this be not the morning to be do this ... but since the second you all wake up . it 's this , it 's that . just stop . the world do not revolve around you ! this shut they up for a beat . abel be seethe . but then elizabeth ( middle ) nudge annie ( oldest ) so she give catherine ( youngest ) a good hit . anna see it and freak . anna ( cont 'd ) that 's it Annie we have tell you ... before anna can get the full sentence out abel suddenly pull the car off the side of the highway into the grass . everyone in the car be take aback . the road be a smaller scenic highway not some eight lane affair but this whole sequence still play out with the menace roar of the car go by right next to they . ext . highway - day abel get out of the car and slam the door . he walk around the back of the car as the car fly by they on the highway . he go around to he oldest daughter 's door and pull annie from the car . they stand behind the car and go at it with the traffic fly by . abel be louder than he have be in the entire film . he be lose it from all the pressure but he daughter bear the brunt . abel you be thirteen year old . what be you do ? you mother ask you a hour ago to help she get out of the house smoothly and you be act like a ... annie oh fuck you ! abel what ? what ? what be you talk about ? abel be look around for someone to help he and witness this . he then switch , he have have enough and get right up in she face . 89 abel ( cont 'd ) I be not sure who the hell you think you be , but you do not talk to I that way ... you be in serious danger of become a rich little spoiled brat and I can tell you from experience there be nothing worse in the world than a rich little girl who think the whole world revolve around she . annie be yell back over the traffic . annie the world revolve around I ? I ! what about she ? and what about you ? you be both so totally obsessed with you stupid business . you walk around like you be save the world but what be you do ... nothing ! this sting . he now change he tone to a quiet low roar . but he can not keep quiet and by the end of the line he be yell again . abel first off I do not walk around like I be save anything . I choose this business because I look at the world and say ` what 's the last bill people stop pay every month when they be low on cash ? ' ` Cause that 's a business I want to be in . ` Cause failure be not much of a option for I . I live in reality ... not whatever this world be you be live in . and we help people stay warm ... which be not all that bad . ( now he be yell again ) maybe you have get grander ambition but for now this be how you eat , sleep , and get all dress up ... so you better shape the fuck up and never speak to I like this again ! anna stop !! they both look over and anna be stand there . a calmness suddenly fall down on all of they . 90 int . anna's car on highway - day all five of they be sit in the car , sadness prevail . int . anna morale ' library - night the camera move slowly across a dark hallway . we hear the sound of a manual add machine grind away . as we come through the doorway we see anna morale sit at she desk in a pool of light from the desk lamp . she be deep in it crunching number . finally abel walk into the doorway , he look exhaust . abel hey . she look up with a small but sweet smile . anna hi. abel how 's it come ? anna I have make it to 1975 . abel that be a good year . anna give a slight look that the number may not totally support that claim . abel ( cont 'd ) well it be for I ... how be it ? anna I be not sure yet ... but it 's not as bad as they be say it be ... turn out I kinda know what I be do . they give each other a slight smile . anna ( cont 'd ) how would you do ? abel I get we a three more day ... and one piece ... from saul . but we be still about a million short . they look at each other with concern . 91 anna you be go to see you little brother ? abel first thing . anna and Peter ? abel probably . as they look at each other abel anna this be all worth it . he pause just long enough to think . abel of course . a sense of caring and resolve come over they . at least now they know what need to be do . abel ( cont 'd ) you should get to bed . anna I will be up . abel I love you . anna I love you too . abel turn to go upstairs as anna start in again with the machine . int . hallway , outside of julian' apartment - day andrew stand in the hallway about to knock , but he wait for a beat . he knock . the door open to a young woman , presumably julian be wife , luisa . andrew walsh be Julian here ? 92 luisa no . andrew walsh abel would like to speak with he . to help he . luisa I will tell he . julian step into the frame from behind she . ext . / int . large late -model american car , parked - day a driver be sit in the driver 's seat . andrew walk up and get in the front seat . julian get into the back and look over at abel who be sit next to he . they drive off and nobody say a word for a very , very long time . ext . empty parking lot - day the car finally pull into a large empty parking lot . for a couple beat julian have a look on he face that he may be get rubbed out . then off in the distance we see two cop car . the car pull up to they and stop . abel and the driver get out of the car without a word , but andrew stay and turn around and now give he a total debrief . julian he 's turn I in ? andrew look at he without much remorse . andrew walsh of course we be turn you in . you have put everything that man have work for for the last 20 year at risk . if it be up to I we would be deal with this in a very different way . julian but I know thing ... this cause andrew to turn quickly back to he with as sharp a look as he have . andrew walsh really ? 93 julian yes . andrew walsh and what thing do you know ? julian look back at he . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) I strongly suggest you think that through before you answer it . because even if you do , what do it do for you ? nothing . there be nothing there for you to gain . nothing . julian I be sorry . andrew walsh I be too . andrew now change he tone . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) they say they have you fire four shot , be that right ? julian I do not know . andrew walsh where 's the gun ? julian stutter for a moment , then . julian I throw it in the river . andrew walsh good . you background check with we say you have never be arrest , be that true ? julian why be this put everything at risk ? andrew walsh have you ever be arrest ? julian no . 94 andrew walsh because no bank will touch we right now . so we can not close on the new property . and he 's go to lose everything on he deposit . this sit heavily on julian . andrew hand he a card . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) this be a lawyer who will meet you when they bring you to the station . you no longer work for we . you have be fire . but abel want to pay for the lawyer . so ... this guy should be able to help you . good luck . with that julian get out of the car . abel be stand there . they meet . julian I be sorry . abel I know . julian I be scared . abel I know . julian be not you scared ? abel sometimes . julian what do you do ? abel think this through long and hard . abel I have always be much more scared of failure than anything else . julian I ... abel it be not always like this . 95 julian be you ruin ? abel not today ... but by the end of the week ... maybe . julian I be sorry . abel good ... julian no ... I be not strong . abel that do not have to be true . julian trust I ... I be not ... I be sorry . with that julian walk across the parking lot towards the police to turn himself in . andrew walk up behind abel and stand there look . andrew walsh I be late . I will meet you at four . abel I be gonna try to get we a little more time . the three cop be stand wait as julian walk towards they . abel turn around , face the camera , and close he eye in sadness . with abel in the foreground we see julian make it halfway to the cop , then he stop . cop 1 hey . abel be face tell we he know what be come . julian set off run . before the cop can get close to he he be off . abel turn and see what be happen . he do not follow chase . his head just drop . 96 ext . various 1980' urban decay landsccape we be now with julian again , run . but as this chase continue we see he face turn from fear , to desperation , to a creep sense of evil . he do not know how it have come to this , but as he jump down from fence and run across desert lot we see that he weakness be turn . as he run through some of the most bomb - out , destroy section of queen , he just never stop . with each step he fear turn to ... anger . ext . blown -out build he stop , collapse , and hide behind a blow - out building wall just as a cop car drive by . he start to almost cry , but then it again become something else . his survival instinct be take over and we be not sure what will become of it . anger . int . oldest hasidic businessman' live room - day abel sit across from the oldest hasidic member of the family , joseph , from the first scene . abel thank you for see I . joseph of course . abel I need more time . joseph of course you do . abel I know we agreement do not allow for that . but ... I need more time . joseph why ? this take abel back a bit . abel thank you for ask . many , many reason . 97 joseph it 's a difficult time to do business . abel yes ... it be . joseph I will give you three more day . then it 's over . abel thank you . int . assistant da's office - day andrew sit across from lawrence and deputy lange . they wait while lawrence write something down on a pad in front of he . he finish . a.d.a . lawrence so . I should start by thanking you for you assistance in ... in attempt to bring in you driver ? andrew walsh we do not think he would react that way . a.d.a . lawrence yes ... well , the officer there do not set it up very well on they end either . andrew walsh I be sorry . a.d.a . lawrence we be look for he . andrew walsh so be we ... it 's very sad . he be very close to abel . a.d.a . lawrence I understand . well ... Ms. Lange . deputy lange it have be bring to we attention that it might be beneficial on you end to resolve this issue in a time sensitive way . 98 andrew walsh possibly . deputy lange so we have prepare a offer for you to review . they slide the offer across the table . andrew open it and give it a once over . andrew walsh I will show this to they . he will never go for it , but it 's a start . a.d.a . lawrence this could get a lot worse for you all . andrew walsh I know ... I will present it to he . andrew get up and prepare to leave . lawrence stand with he and walk he out into the hallway . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) thank you . a.d.a . lawrence and Andrew , one other thing . he turn . they be now alone in the hallway . int . impossibly long hallway - day a.d.a . lawrence I need this to stop . andrew walsh you need what to stop ? a.d.a . lawrence this fuck bullshit with the open warfare . I will not put up with it . it 's start to be a real problem . andrew walsh start to be ? no shit . a.d.a . lawrence not for you ... but for I . this linger for a beat as the meaning sink in . 99 a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) I need the driver . andrew walsh I understand . the kid go out and get he own gun . this be not we . no matter what you think of he , abel do not work this way . a.d.a . lawrence I really could give a fuck , but you need to get you man to talk to this people , give in , stop do whatever you be do to bring this shit on you . it need to stop . andrew walsh he want to talk to they . we have be try to set up a meeting . o'leary have not be able to get it do . a.d.a . lawrence I will talk to he . andrew give he a look . a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) he 's a old friend ... and get that kid back in here . I be up in it a little bit here and I need something . lawrence turn and walk back into he office . andrew walk down the hallway all alone then stop . he reach into he briefcase and take out the offer . he look it over again . then he look towards the ground and almost look like he might cry . there be a distinct sense of responsibility for the situation that abel find himself in that be start to bring andrew to the edge . ext . cemetery - day abel be wait stand next to he car . andrew come drive into the lot next to he and get out . abel I talk to the hasid , I get we three day . andrew nod . 100 andrew walsh be that enough ? abel I do not know . andrew walsh well here it be . it 's just a first pass . he hand he the plea deal from the da . abel look it over but show almost no emotion . then . abel felons can not vote . this take andrew back . andrew walsh I be sorry ? abel this plea have I ... andrew walsh I know . it 's just a first offer . abel I would never take this . andrew walsh I know . abel look off and reset . andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) he 's go to get we the meeting . abel who ? andrew walsh lawrence , he 's tight with o'leary . abel of course he be . andrew walsh do Julian have anything ? abel give he a look ? andrew walsh ( cont 'd ) anything on we ? 101 abel all the driver could have we on scale . why ? andrew walsh if we be cut deal , we can not have anything new come up at the last minute . abel he would never do that . andrew walsh we need to find he ... lawrence need he . int . julian' apartment - day abel stand outside the door for a very long beat then finally knock . julian be wife , luisa , open the door . she gesture he in . he enter the apartment and look around . she gesture for he to sit . he choose a seat right across from she . he stare at she for a beat . then for the first time we hear he speak Spanish . ( this whole conversation be in Spanish ) abel thank you for let I in . luisa of course . abel move he chair closer . it 's mean to be , and be a bit threaten . abel have you see Julian ? luisa no . abel question she with a look . abel we need to find he . luisa I know . abel I be worried about he . 102 luisa so be i. abel you know we be go to support he . I do not know why he run . luisa he be scared . abel shake he head . abel I know . luisa he have always want to make you proud . you know that right ? abel yes . well this time that have not work out . luisa no ... how do you do it ? abel do what ? luisa this . she motion towards he suit . luisa ( cont 'd ) success ... that 's all he want . abel I know . it make I very sad , because he be a very talented young man . but there be some decision that you can not come back from . I need to know where he be . and I need he to turn himself in . his action be hurt I and my business . and I refuse to let other people 's weakness hurt I . I do not know how it have come to this , but it have . if he do the right thing I will help to take care of he responsibility . you and you family . when you see he . tell he this . please . 103 luisa I will . abel get up and start look around the apartment a bit . he walk over to a small cabinet . abel do he have any money ? luisa I be sorry ? abel money ? have he take money out of you bank account ? luisa I do not know ? abel you need to start look into this thing . it be very important that we find he safely . and with that julian come smash out of the tiny cabinet where he be hide and knock over abel . julian run to the front door with abel chase he . he start fly down the stair at top panic speed . abel follow he down half the flight and realize it be useless . abel ( cont 'd ) ( in english ) stop ! stop run away ! Andrew ! he 's come you way ! this be scream at the top of he lung but julian never stop . we just hear he footstep go down . int . bottom / top of julian' stairwell - day andrew come up the first few step and we see he wait for julian . abel then look back up the half flight of stair and see luisa stand there in the hall . he walk back up to she in a aggressive way . we fear for she . he get right up in she face but do not touch she . abel ( in Spanish again ) I understand why you lie , but it be not smart . ( more ) 104 abel ( cont 'd ) there be other people look for he . I be as good a option as he have . know this . and with that he head down the stair . ext . back of julian' apartment / park stair - day julian be run out the back of the building and down a huge exterior staircase that be in a small park . he be about half way down when andrew get to the top . andrew scream . andrew walsh fuck you ! you better run ! int . a slightly rundown conference room - day abel sit across a table from a old man in he late - 70 's who seem to have early - onset dementia and a woman in she early - 20' , lorraine lefkowitz who 's overweight , but confident . the old man , saul lefkowitz , just sit there through the scene . abel thank you both for agree to meet with I . lorraine lefkowitz of course . abel I think we have meet before but I do not realize you be saul 's granddaughter . lorraine lefkowitz I be . abel I be sorry to ask but how old be you ? lorraine lefkowitz I be 23. abel oh. lorraine lefkowitz my grandfather do not trust any of he child to run the business . 105 abel yes . lorraine lefkowitz I know that you try to buy the company from my grandfather several time . abel yes . lorraine lefkowitz his goal be to stay healthy long enough to be able to give the company to I . which he thankfully do . they both give a slight smile . lorraine lefkowitz ( cont 'd ) so , while I appreciate you visit we be still not for sale . abel I understand . and I hope that you grandfather be able to communicate to you how much I have always respected he . and it be only out of respect for the business he have build , and because I know of he reservation and feeling about you uncle and you father that I make that offer . loraine lefkowitz I understand . abel but , I be not here to offer to buy you company . loraine lefkowitz oh. abel as I be sure you will soon learn some year be good ... other not so . I be in contract with a significant hard deposit at risk to purchase the old bayfront terminal . loraine lefkowitz I see . 106 abel and due to circumstance beyond my control my bank have leave I at the altar . loraine lefkowitz I be sorry . abel so , I be here , hat in hand , look for a loan . I certainly expect the term to be in you favor as I could not be at a weaker place . but , if you grandfather trust you with he company , I would be willing to trust you as my lien holder . they all stare at each other . then the old man shift in he chair . saul lefkowitz how much ? abel I need $ 500,000 . saul and he granddaughter look at each other . they say nothing but clearly know each other well . loraine lefkowitz would you give we a minute . abel of course . int . waiting area , outside the conference room - day abel sit in a simple chair outside the conference room look around at a office that be similar to he . a phone on the receptionist 's desk ring . she pick it up . lefkowitz receptionist you can go back in . int . slightly rundown conference room - day abel sit down . loraine lefkowitz we can offer you the 500 k at 20 percent for a year . ( more ) 107 loraine lefkowitz ( cont 'd ) and we would need a five - year straight wholesale hold agreement for 250,000 gallon a year at you new facility . this hit abel hard . abel okay . thank you . they shake hand and then he hug the old man good bye . loraine lefkowitz so , I guess we will see you tonight ? abel tonight ? oh yes , of course . int . long island italian restaurant - night a hostess lead abel and andrew through the whole main dining room and through a side kitchen . int . italian restaurant - private dine room - night finally they come through a door and into a small back private dining room where fifteen of they competitor , a couple of whom we have already meet ( include lorraine and saul lefkowitz , and arnold kline ) , be sit around the table meeting and wait for they to arrive . the whole room look up at they . o'leary be at the head of the table at the far end of the room . he stand up to greet they and then so do the rest of the room . bill o'leary abel . please sit . finally everyone settles and the room fall quiet . bill o'leary ( cont 'd ) abel . now the room be silent as it wait and wait for he to speak . abel stop ... 108 abel be deadly serious . he just let this sit and look around the room at each person . they all seem to be wait for he to continue . but he do not . he just let this sit . finally peter forente , who be across from abel , shift in he seat and lean forward . peter forente um ... abel ... we have a chance to meet for a little bit before you get here and ... of course everyone in this room be fully capable of lie to they own mother on they deathbed , but ... the conclusion we have come to ... I should say we be fairly convinced after a very frank conversation ... that this guy who be do this ... that they do not actually work for anyone in this room . as you know there be many other smaller provider in the area that might be responsible who be not here tonight . this sit in the room for a long beat . everyone then shift back they attention to abel wait for he response . finally . abel Peter ... thank you ... that may be true . he stop and think about how to continue . abel ( cont 'd ) but over the last six month 110,000 gallon of fuel have be steal from my family and i. now the reason we ask Bill to get you all here be because the people in this room be the only people within two hundred mile of here who have the ability to purchase and store that kind of quantity . so ... no matter what bullshit you have be tell each other one of you ... or two ... or three ... have be allow this to happen by buy this from this coward or worse yet hire this guy just to do it . and profiting from it . so what I be say be ... stop ! now . have some pride in what you do and stop . 109 int . anna morale ' library - night the camera move slowly across a dark hallway . we hear the sound of a manual add machine grind away . as we come through the doorway we see anna morale sit at she desk in a pool of light from the desk lamp . she be deep in it crunching number . finally abel walk into the doorway , he look exhaust . abel hey . she look up with a small but sweet smile . anna hi. abel how 's it come ? anna I have make it to 1975 . abel that be a good year . anna give a slight look that the number may not totally support that claim . abel ( cont 'd ) well it be for I ... how be it ? anna I be not sure yet ... but it 's not as bad as they be say it be ... I guess I know what I be do . they give each other a slight smile . anna ( cont 'd ) how would you do ? abel I get we a three more day ... and one piece ... from saul . but we be still about a million short . concern and exhaustion creep onto abel 's face . anna you be go to see you little brother ? 110 abel first thing . anna and Peter ? abel probably . abel be now sit down on the chair . abel ( cont 'd ) how be the girl ? I feel like I have not see they in day . anna they be fine . anna get up from she desk and come over to he . anna ( cont 'd ) this be all worth it . he pause just long enough to think . abel of course . anna look at we ... it be . abel I know . a sense of caring and resolve come over they . at least now they know what need to be do . abel ( cont 'd ) we should get to bed . anna I will be up . abel I love you . anna I love you too . abel turn to go upstairs as anna start in again with the machine . 111 int . abel be car - drive - day abel be drive towards the office and be listen to the idle chatter on the radio between the dispatcher and the driver who be out . they be underneath the Brooklyn queen Expressway in stop and go traffic . suddenly a panic stricken voice blast through on the radio . senior driver eddy v.o. motherfucker ! radio dispatcher v.o. who 's that ? senior driver eddy v.o. it 's 17 . two guy be come at I . radio dispatcher v.o. where be you ? we now hear the driver yell at the two guy come at he . senior driver eddy v.o. fuck you ! radio dispatcher v.o. where be you ! senior driver eddy v.o. Hall Street and flush Ave . I be out of ... radio dispatcher v.o. eddy ? eddy ? abel look up at the street where they be and realize this be go down right down the street from they . he 's have enough . he pull across the intersection and head down a street . he come to the next intersection and right in front of he the truck come fly by . he look to he right and see eddy stand at the side of the road . but he want to end this . so he pull out and start follow the truck leave eddy behind . abel follow the truck for several block through the industrial neighborhood . he be tempt to pull up alongside of it to see who be drive but do not . he continue to follow he . 112 they get to a light and the truck make a right hand turn and , as they be turn , louis servidio who be sit in the passenger seat look behind he and see that abel be follow he . it now turn into a high speed chase as the driver step on it . they race down a ramp into a railyard . abel chase the truck as it cross the track and head towards a abandon tunnel . the truck race into the tunnel and abel follow . the truck be throw up a dust storm and abel have a difficult time see where he be go but he keep up . the roadway be very bumpy and both the truck and abel be car be throw around and the truck almost hit the side of the tunnel . the light at the end of the tunnel start to appear through the dust but we can not see the truck . as abel come into the light he have to slam on he brake because the truck have flip over in front of he . as he get out of he car he see louis servidio jump down from the overturn cab and run off into the train yard . abel look at the crush cab of the truck and see the driver have be kill . there be a gun sit on the dash of the truck and abel look and think . he then pick up the gun and chase after louis servidio . in the distance he see louis servidio leave the yard and head up into a elevate subway station . ext . subway station - day abel run up the stair of the station and hop onto a leave train just as the door shut . abel look around . there be three people in he car . it be cover in graffiti . he start make he way down to the end of the train where the guy be . he look into the last car and see louis servidio and just bull rush he to the ground . he start beat on he very , very badly with the pistol . all the rage come out of he . he then aim the gun at louis servidio . louis servidio please . please . they stare at each other . abel you friend be dead ... who do you work for . 113 louis servidio you know I could never tell you that . abel stop ... just stop . louis servidio this be it anyway . okay ... okay . abel look right through he and then finally lower the gun and release he hand from around he jacket and he get up and look back at abel . louis servidio ( cont 'd ) thank you . louis servidio then run out of the car as the door open . abel sit up and slow he breathe down . finally he look around the trash car and see that a woman have be in the car with they the whole time and she be just stare at he . int . brooklyn barbershop - day abel walk into the shop and be a little put back together but be worse for the wear . arnold kline be sit in one of the chair wait . he turn to abel . arnold kline hey . abel Jimmy , can you give I a minute ? Jimmy look around then walk into the back . arnold kline abel , that be well say . abel thank you . arnold kline what can I do for you ? abel I have just come to collect that check you owe I . this take he back a step . arnold kline what check be that ? 114 abel the one for $ 213,000 . arnold kline I be sorry ? abel that 's how much have be take from I over the last six month . arnold kline I have nothing to do with that . abel you Far rockaway facility buy a load of fuel last week off one of my steal truck . arnold kline that 's not possible . abel I be stand on top of one of my hi-jacked truck a couple week ago think about the coward who do this when I remember I have buy the load of fuel off a friend 's tanker straight from Texas . as I be sure you know Texas # 4 be mark . but that be just one load , so every truck that have leave my lot for the last two week have be mark with dye that I have put in ... and luckily four more of my truck get jack since .... my guess be there be at least 4600 gallon of mark fuel in you small tank right now . no answer . finally . arnold kline how much ? abel I say ... 213,000 . arnold kline I will need a day . abel okay . abel get ready to leave . 115 arnold kline I have just be buy this stuff off this guy , it be only a couple load , I do not know who they be . I would never do that . abel my goal be to have you out of business by the end of next year . and if you be this fuck desperate it do not seem like it will even take that long . he walk away . arnold kline abel , I be not the only person buy this shit . he turn . abel I do not care . arnold kline it may ruin I . abel when you find out who else it be you can get they to pay you back the difference . kinda make you miss have you father around ? but I need the whole lot tomorrow or the fed will be at you doorstep by noon . he leave . ext . university athletic field - day abel be sit on a bleacher totally alone watch a prep school football practice . we stay with he as he sit quietly just watch . eventually he 21 - year-old younger brother , elias , come walk off the field over to he . player start leave the field . abel you look good out there . elias I do not know you be come . 116 abel I do not either ... I do not mean to take you away . elias we be do . he sit down next to he . they both look out for a long , long beat . elias ( cont 'd ) thanks for come . abel of course . you have grow . elias you see I a month ago . abel I know ... but you have . abel look across as a small group of girl field hockey player walk across the field in front of they . they watch they pass and walk away . abel ( cont 'd ) the girl at this place ... they be so beautiful ? he look over with a wry smile . elias yes . abel I do not know how you get anything do around here . elias I do not . slight smile at each other . abel I be in a bit of a rough patch . elias yes ... abel it happen . 117 elias I know . abel good ... abel stand and look around for a good bit . then think about sit down again . abel ( cont 'd ) that will be you burden ... elias what will ? abel not have have one . then he sit . abel ( cont 'd ) I need you signature on this . elias look over . elias what be it ? abel I need to take out a short term mortgage on we apartment building . elias that thing be not worth more than 150 grand though ? abel 210 . elias since when do you need to be take out sucker mortgage for 200 grand ? abel I be up against it a bit . it will be fine . they look at each other for a long beat . and then he sign it . abel ( cont 'd ) thank you ... it 's good to see you face . 118 elias I love you . abel I love you too . they hug and then elias walk off . abel sit back down and just watch he walk away . int . forente tennis court - night abel walk into the darken tennis court and look around . we be not sure what he be there for . on the other side of the court a light be on in a attach lounge . peter come into the light . peter forente well here he be . the cape crusader . abel yes . peter forente come over . be you alright ? abel I be . peter forente do they catch any of they ? sit. int . tennis court lounge - continuous abel the one guy do not make it out of the crash , and the other guy disappear . peter forente that be very well say last night . abel thank you . and thanks for see I . peter forente of course . so what be it ? abel I need a loan . 119 peter be face scrunches up like he taste a lemon and he turn away for a beat . then come back . peter forente you do not want to do that . abel no shit ... but I be here . peter forente what be we talk about here . abel six hundred thousand . peter forente Jesus . abel , that 's a problem . abel yes ... but if I do not get it ... peter forente what 's my collateral ? abel the terminal . peter forente yeah I and how many other people will be come after it . no way . abel you will get you money . peter forente abel , you know I respect everything you have do . because of it we have not come down on you the way I should have for come into my service area and poach my customer . you be good at what you do , probably better than we , and I accept that . but this would be different . I do not want you to be in this position . we be not nice people to borrow three quarter of million dollar from . abel I know that . peter forente let 's sleep on this . both of we . 120 int . abel and anna's live room - night abel come in as anna be sit at the table smoking . he walk over and sit down at the table with she . she give he a great sly smile . anna what a day . abel yeah . anna be you okay ? abel yes . anna car chase ? abel yeah . anna who know ? she give he a loving look . anna ( cont 'd ) how be you brother ? abel he seem good ... but the girl up at that place be ... anna stop . abel I can tell you the girl do not look like that where I go to school ... anna enough . after a brief light moment the cloud come back over he . abel how be we here ? 121 anna it be a lot of thing all at once . abel yeah . anna how do it go ? abel we can probably pull it off . Three different party ... it will be a mess ... and the term ... Peter suddenly show I he true color . he let out a brutal sigh . anna I be sorry . abel I spend my whole life try not to become a gangster ... anna I know . abel ... and now ... on the biggest deal in my career they will all control I . he sit there for a long beat and then she come and hand he a piece of paper with a series of number on it . he look up at she . abel ( cont 'd ) what be this ? anna it 's a bank account . abel just wait for more but get nothing . abel whose ? anna our . abel how much be in it ? 122 anna a lot . abel what do that mean ? anna it will help . you could replace Peter 's money and get he out of the deal . abel where do it come from ? anna abel . abel where do it come from ? she stop and think , then : anna since 1971 I have be skim money out of the company . some year a little ... other a lot . in the beginning it be just in case time get tough but then it be because you be take all this chance ... I do not know what else to do ... I could not risk have we be leave with nothing . this knock he back . anna ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . abel what do you expect I to do with this ? anna use it .... abel ... abel be it clean ? anna what do that mean ? he think that through . 123 abel it mean if you walk into the office of the people who have be try to put we in jail right now and slap a check from that account down on they desk would it push I further into hell or help to get I out ? anna it 's as clean as every other dollar we have ever make . abel that 's a fuck bullshit answer . anna I can clear it on the book . abel well it sound like you should take this money and keep it right where it be ... because I be go to pretend that we never have this conversation . and you can use that when they drag I off to jail ! with that he try to get pass she and head upstairs . she follow and be stand look up at he . anna so what 's you plan here ? he turn to she and square off . abel I will get it do . and it will not be as a cheat . anna ( yelling , but control enough to not wake the kid . ) oh you be too much . you have be walk around you whole life like this all happen because of you hard work , good luck , and charm . Mr. Fucking american dream . well this be America ... but it 's not a dream , and that be not good luck help you out all that year ... it be I ! do the thing you do not want to know about ... 124 abel you steal from I ! this stop she in she track . and eventually a little smile come across she face . she come way down and almost deliver this line in a whisper . anna oh ... you have always be very good about not let you ego get in the way of business . do not start now just because it 's I . with that abel turn up the stair and head to bed . int . master bathroom - morning abel be get ready for the day shave . he look exhaust . anna come into the room . she stand at the entryway just look at he for a very long beat . abel we will use the money ... you money . it 's the smart play . anna it 's we money . abel I know ... fade to black . before we see anything , we hear the sound of a pen write on paper . int . the temporary office trailer - day abel and andrew be sit around the fold table opposite the hasid . abel sign the document and then pick it up and head outside . ext . temporary trailer - day abel come out and we see anna stand outside the trailer in the cold because this guy do not do business with woman . he hand she the document . under she breath : anna this fuck guy ... what 's this additional $ 11000 ? 125 abel I guess there be still some fuel in two of the tank ... they give we a fair price on it . with that they both smile , she sign it and then give he a kiss . int . temporary trailer - day abel come back in and hand the doc to joseph , the oldest hasid , who sign they . joseph mazel tov. ext . trailer / tank farm - day abel walk across the lot with joy although it seem mask by a sadness . he look around as andrew and anna come up next to he . andrew walsh congratulation . abel to you too . do you know ... about the money ? anna abel . andrew look he right in the eye . andrew walsh yes . abel you should have tell I . andrew walsh I know . I be sorry . anna abel ... congratulation . now cheer up . and can someone give I a tour of this place we just pay two million buck for ? abel , andrew , and anna walk towards the tank look around . they come around the corner to the view . 126 ext . behind the tank , with a view of the CITY - day they all look out . anna what a hell - hole this city be . abel no . andrew walsh I do not know why but I guess I never realize we even have this view from back here . that line sit for a long beat . abel I do . then they hear someone behind they . they turn . it 's julian . he be stand hold a gun . they stare for a long beat . abel ( cont 'd ) I think you say you throw that into the river ? julian I do not . abel I see that . julian I have nowhere to go . abel nowhere easy . julian fuck you . I have nothing . and somehow you have end up with everything you want . abel look at the gun in he hand . abel it be not mean to be . julian what be that suppose to mean ? 127 abel I know what you want . but you need to forget that . you be look backward . only look forward , that be what you can control . julian I be sorry . you give I a very good chance . right ? abel yes . julian probably a better chance than I deserve . abel no . julian please take care of my family . abel Julian . julian please ... abel look at he try to read where this poor kid be at . abel I will . with that julian take the gun and put it in he mouth and pull the trigger . the gun go off and the red blood spray on the white side of the fuel tank that be behind he . abel and the rest be leave totally in shock . they be beside themselves . but out of the corner of he eye abel notice that the bullet have also pierce through the tank and amid the red spray a flow of black heating oil be pour out through the bullet hole onto the ground . abel step around julian be body and go over to the hole . he pick up a old rag from the ground and stuff it into the hole plugging the flow of oil . andrew walsh what ... what should we do ? 128 abel turn and look back at he . abel we call the police . andrew walsh really ? abel yes ! with that he walk off behind the tank . ext . parking lot , next to the tank farm site - day there be now police vehicle everywhere . abel be stand off alone . the da get out of a car all alone and walk over to abel . a.d.a . lawrence I be very sorry . do you know he well ? abel I do . a.d.a . lawrence he must have be under a hell of a lot of pressure . abel yeah . for a while I think he be ... it 's just ... a.d.a . lawrence I be sorry . they look out across the city . abel you really do have to be lucky . a.d.a . lawrence yes ... so you be chase down hijacker now ? abel I be right there ... I could not help myself . lawrence nod approval . 129 abel ( cont 'd ) have you find the driver ? a.d.a . lawrence no . abel you will find he . a.d.a . lawrence probably not . abel well , thank you for come . I want to make sure this be handle correctly . a.d.a . lawrence of course . abel I be not sure how I get here . a.d.a . lawrence yeah . abel so ... I should tell you that I will not be able to take that deal you offer . there be no way I would ever accept a felony charge for anything we have do . a.d.a . lawrence I know . abel I be not a felon . a.d.a . lawrence that 's probably true . abel but I also can not have you digging around my life and keep this hang around my neck for the next ten year . I love fight a good battle but this ... it 's very bad for my business . this get lawrence 's attention . 130 abel ( cont 'd ) so , we need to come to some sort of conclusion . a.d.a . lawrence we can probably do that . abel good . they both look out for a beat . a.d.a . lawrence I hear you close on this terminal today ? abel it look that way . a.d.a . lawrence I do not realize that you have that in the work . abel for a very long time . a.d.a . lawrence that will put you in quite a powerful position . abel within my business it have that potential . lawrence shift he tone ever so slightly . a.d.a . lawrence if you get this place up and run again it will have significant influence ... politically speak . abel pick up on the word politically and stare down lawrence . a.d.a. lawrence ( cont 'd ) we all have we ambition . abel yes . lawrence give a slight smile and then pause . 131 a.d.a . lawrence and sometimes we need help to get there ... you have come a very long way . abel yes , I have . a.d.a . lawrence in a very short time . abel it do not feel that way ... but please know that I have always choose the path that be the most right . a.d.a . lawrence the most right ? abel yes . a.d.a . lawrence that one make my head hurt a little . abel the result be never in question for I . just what path do I take to get there . and I have never question my path . there be always one that be most right . and that be what this be . a.d.a . lawrence I hope so . they look at each other and then out over the city . the end