a black screen as the MAIN title begin , two sound be hear . the first be the low , moan wind . the second be a slow screeching . it 's the kind of noise that make you grit you tooth . fade in : ext . elm STREET - day gray surface fill the screen . at first it 's hard to recognize this rough , indistinct surface . but when a child be hand drag a piece of color chalk across the frame , we realize that we be see a very close view of a concrete walkway . ext . elm STREET - day a series of close shot follow the movement of the tiny hand as it proceed to lay out a intricate chalk drawing on the walkway . for a while , we be too close to identify the image that be be create . but as the camera pull back , we see a youthful artist 's representation of a two story house . the camera tilt up , revealing a little girl in white dress . she 's hold a handful of color chalk . behind she sit the elm STREET house . as the title end , we ... ext . elm STREET - day the tree lining this residential street be bare , and they sway in the breeze that 's blow they dead leave across the sidewalk . kristen , a beautiful , but pensive - look blonde teenager , be walk slowly towards the ominous house . although she face show sign of fear , she be move with resolve . ext . elm STREET house - day Kristen stop and look down at the angelic little girl who have be create the childish draw of freddy 's house . kneel down beside she , Kristen take a closer look at the colorful chalk sketch . it have a almost exaggerated cheerfulness . and although awkwardly render , it make the house look new , and the yard well - tend . the idyllic sidewalk illustration look nothing like its subject , which have peel paint , board - up window , and be horribly run-down . little girl ( look up ) hello ... kristen do you live here ? little girl ( sadly ) nobody life here . kristen where 's freddy ? little girl ( giggle strangely ) he 's not home . just then , the child lift she hand away from the picture . what Kristen see make she gasp . a crudely draw , but easily recognizable image of freddy krueger be visible behind one of the window . there be a crack of lightning , and drop of rain start to sprinkle down on to the girl and she draw . ext . elm STREET house - night Kristen glance up at the sky . rain trickle onto she face . then after a second , she look back down at the sidewalk . the little girl be gone . Kristen scan the area , but the child be nowhere to be see . rain be splash down on the chalk illustration . not only be the image wash away , but as the color blend together , they form a liquid that look just like blood . Kristen hear a creaking noise come from the direction of the house . she turn and stare at the menace structure . the front door be slowly open . somehow Kristen seem unsurprise by this . and as though draw by a uncontrollable urge , she turn toward the house . with thunder and lightning crash above she , she walk deliberately toward the open door . int . entrance hallway - night as soon as Kristen enter the house , she hear voice behind she . it 's child singing a strange nursery rhyme . children' voice ( o.s. ) one two , freddy 's come for you ... Kristen spin around and look back through the open door . ext . front yard - night - kristen' Pov stand out in the yard that be empty a moment before be a dozen very young child . dress in they Sunday best , they be stare at Kristen as they continue to sing : child Three four , better lock the door ... int . entrance hallway - night the front door slam shut with a bang . Kristen 's determine expression dissolves , and she reach back for the doorknob . it turn without resistance and the door open with ease . Kristen rush through the doorway , but instead of find herself outside , she be in ... int . a duplicate entrance hallway - night Kristen 's eye widen as she compare she surroundings with the dusty , decaye room that be visible on the other side of the still - open door . they be exactly the same . before she can take another step , the door slam shut again . and this time when she try to open it , it 's lock solid . kristen ( mutter ) calm and cool , I be calm and cool ... she move down the hall , find a open door , step through int . dark elm STREET live room - night Kristen walk in , the old floorboard creak under she foot . she look at the wall . they be line with eerie painting of child play in graveyard . rainwater drip down from the ceiling . when flash of lightning illuminate the room , Kristen catch sight of a old and dusty couch in one corner . a couch with a distinctive red and GREEN stripe lining . another bolt flash . Kristen be horrify to see , silhouett on one of the wall , the shadow of a hand with long , knife - like finger . so frighten that she can barely breathe , Kristen turn to the large window across the room . another flash light up the dark room , and Kristen relax . it be not freddy outside the window . it 's only a tree branch . relieved , Kristen start over toward the window . but before she reach it , there be a sudden , massive clap of thunder , and the entire window explode into the room . a huge gust of wind roar in through the shattered window , and blow Kristen off she foot . int . freddy boiler room - night Kristen tumble down a set of heavy metal chute that have just appear out of nowhere , and land on the concrete floor of a very large , dark boiler room . she scramble to she foot and look around , terrify like a trap animal . kristen ( under she breath ) he 's not here , he 's dead . he 's not here , he 's dead . he 's ... just then , Kristen hear the unmistakable SOUND of freddy 's knife scraping against a nearby metal surface . kristen ( cont would ) ( cry out ) no !! kincaide ! joey ! help I !! int . kincaid be bedroom - night kincaid be sit at he desk , he head drooped down over a open copy of a illustrate sport magazine . a harmless - look mongrel be sleep at he foot . suddenly , kincaid 's chair begins to shake . he lift he head in surprise just as he suddenly fly from the chair and sail through the air , straight towards a wall in he room . but instead of pile into the solid surface , kincaid sail right through it and disappear into the void . int . boiler room - night kincaid fall into the boiler room , crash through a pile of rusty pipe and boiler . as soon as he catch he breath , he look up and see Kristen . he quickly jump to he foot and start to yell at he friend . kincaid awww shit , Kristen , not again .... Kristen motion for kincaid to listen as the screeching continue . kincaid , unimpress , show Kristen that it 's merely the metal arature of a boiler attachment scraping against a railing . kincaid ( cont would ) you be one spook chick ... before kincaid can say another word , Kristen hold up she hand . footstep be echoing out of the shadow behind they . kristen shh ... they both spin around just as a figure lurch toward they . kincaid gasp , and Kristen scream . but a moment later thy each let out big sigh . it 's joey . kincaid cover he fear with cool nonchalance . kristen ( cont would ) joey , thank God !! I think ... joey think what ? of drag we in here ? kincaid yeah , cut it out . you be puttin ' a dent in my beauty sleep . they both glare at Kristen . they be piss . kristen ( in a halting voice ) it 's freddy ... he 's here . I hear he . kincaid chill out , Kristen ... freddy 's dead , bury , and consecrate . we win , remember ? kristen ( shaking she head ) he 's back ... to get we . joey now way , kincaid 's right , Fred krueger be history , c'mere ... he lead she around the boiler room . he make she touch pipe , and then position she in front of the large furnace . joey ( cont would ) look ... the pipe be cold , the boiler be cold ... see for yourself . he swing open the iron door on the furnace . Kristen move close to look in the black void . there be not even the glow of a ember inside . she turn away . kristen I do not know ... all at once , a howling beast leap out of the furnace . it 's kincaid 's dog . Kristen have manage to pull it into she dream with its master . the terrify animal clamp its jaw around Kristen 's arm , and knock the scream girl down to the floor . int . joey' bedroom - night joey wake up with a start , and try to re-orient himself . his sudden movement cause he waterbed to slosh back and forth like crazy . int . kincaid be bedroom - night kincaid jerk he head up off he desk , and glance around he room with a expression of relief . then he hear a whimpering sound and look down . his dog be stare up at he with uncomprehend eye . there be blood around the animal 's mouth . int . kristen' bedroom - night Kristen throw she cover off and jump up out of bed . she 's breathe hard and she arm be bleeding . grabbing a T-shirt off a chair , Kristen wrap it around the wound . she sit back down on she bed . she look really scared . fade out . fade in : ext . alice' house - day the morning sun be rise behind the broad-limbed tree that shade a collection of unassume home . it 's a peaceful neighborhood . just the kind that freddy use to like . a girl pull up in front of one house . she 's drive a vw rabbit convertible . it 's Kristen . she wear a long sleeve shirt , but a bulge reveal where she arm be bandage . ext . alice and rick's house - day Kristen quickly walk to the side door of a modest house . after ringing the bell , she glance out at the sidewalk . when Kristen turn back , a stern - looking man be stand in the open doorway . although probably not much over forty , dennis johnson be face show a lot of wear ; too much scotch , too much work . he 's dress for work and be prepare to leave , but he hangover be self - evident . kristen how be you , Mr. Johnson ? Johnson ignore she . kristen ( cont would ) that 's nice . Johnson turn away . his daughter alice show up at the door , slinking warily by she father . in a definite contrast to Kristen 's easy beauty , Alice be not especially well put together . and yet there 's something about this shy-look girl that suggest that she might be incredibly attractive if she have any confidence . alice ( low ) hi , Kristen ... Rick will be out any second . Kristen look in the doorway at Johnson who be hold a tomato- juice and spice hangover delight . Kristen make a face . Alice turn as Johnson look up . johnson ( to Alice ) you go out dress like that ? alice ( defensive ) what 's wrong with I this time ? kristen ( embarrassed ) uhh , I will just wait outside . johnson no , it 's okay . maybe you can help she . Johnson pour a shot of vodka into he morning concoction and slam the door shut , leave the two girl alone on the front porch . Kristen be about to console Alice when they hear a rustling sound above they . rick , Alice 's brother , be shimmy out of a upper floor window . he reach for a nearby tree , and with surprising grace he maneuver to the ground and land smile in front of the girl . he give Kristen a quick kiss . kristen something wrong with the stair ? rick avoid-all-contact-day . kristen what ? rick when dad 's pop aspire like popcorn , it 's avoid - all - contact - day . Johnson suddenly reopen the door and reach for the morning newspaper . he stare at the kid . johnson wait for a limo ? Rick grab he father 's face and give he a big , noisy kiss on the cheek . rick ( mock ricky ricardo ) okay , honey . I be off to the club ! the girl chuckle as Johnson become embarrassed and slam the door on the kid . ext . springwood high school - day springwood High do not look particularly invite , but how many high school do ? student be arrive on foot , on bike , and in a variety of motor vehicle . Kristen , Rick and Alice pull up in Kristen 's vw rabbit convertible and park . they step onto the sidewalk and cross along beside the student parking lot . they stop beside a attractive girl who be lean against a car , listen to the blast radio inside . the girl , debbie steven , be one well put together item . a tough but smart girl from the wrong side of the track , try to compensate for she root with defensive spunk , sexy , and she know it . debbie alright , anybody have trig this semester ? Alice , Rick and Kristen shake they head ' no ' . rick what happen ? debbie I have a conflict . homework or dynasty . dynasty win . rick a sad story . that soap will kill ya . Alice 's attention drift to a tough pick - up that be pull up not far from they . a handsome , dark - haire teenager , dan , climb out of the car . Debbie eye he too . debbie ( appreciative ) there 's Dan Jordan . mmmmm , we be talkin ' major league fox . ext . school - day ( daydream ) begin daydream . jump CUT to Dan stand directly in front of Alice . she 's in a more confident , seductive pose . she look he up and down and flash a lauren bacall smile . alice mmmmmm , you know , you be one major league fox . she put a hand on Dan 's waist . he grow nervous and awkward , as if he 's the shy one now . dan ( stammer ) t-t- thanks Alice ... ext . school - day ( back to reality ) rick ( o.s. ) Earth to Alice ... Alice snap out of it . Dan be suddenly back where he be , walk away with a group of he friend . rick ( cont would ) you space again ? alice ( hush - hush ) Rick , please . debbie alright , I think I see salvation ... a batter and sputtering vespa scooter be zipping towards they through the parking lot . the black girl riding the scooter look a bit nerdy , with thick glass and short hair , but make up for it with a hip sense of style . her scooter have be soupe up with a few home - make gadget and attachment . as soon as sheila kopecky reach they , she hop off she bike , and unstrap the pile of book and papers from the back . ton of smoke pour out the back of it . debbie ( cont would ) ( bat smoke away ) how can you ride that health hazard ? it 's no wonder you have asthma . sheila asthma be a inherite condition . if you read a book now and then , you might know something . debbie speak of book , be not trig you favorite ? Sheila stare at Debbie a beat . sheila dynasty again , huh ? girl , get a vcr . Sheila pull out she asthma inhaler and stick it in she mouth . she take a few puff . a cocky , obnoxious black jock walk by and comment to Sheila . jock yo , baby , you be suck on the wrong nozzle . Sheila be embarrassed and fall short of manage a retort , Debbie step in between Sheila and the jock and do it for she . debbie hey , needledick . I bet you be the only male in this school suffer from penis envy . the jock stare in confusion , not quite understanding the insult . we group crack up and pat Debbie on the shoulder as the jock walk off . sheila alright , I owe you one . Debbie suddenly stop laugh and let out a disgust gasp . a huge roach be crawl around she book . she shake the book until the bug fall off , then grind it under she foot , a little too enthusiastically . rick supergirl , I think it 's dead . the group get they stuff together and head for class . int . school hallway - day student be move through the hallway that cut through the center of springwood High . Kristen be stand against one wall , spin the dial on she locker . Rick can be see a dozen locker down from she . Kristen get the locker open , grab a couple of she book , then slam it shut . but as the locker door swing away , it suddenly reveal the face of kincaid and joey just inch from Kristen . they startle the hell out of she . kristen hi.....s . kincaid hi guy ?!? hi guy ?!?! that 's all you get to say after last night ? Kristen study she two angry friend for a moment , then speak up in a firm voice . kristen I be tell you , he 's come back ! he try to move around , but bump he head on something low . kincaid yo open this sucker up !! he pound on the metal above . it move just enough to reveal a thin crack of blue light . he continue to mutter to himself in confusion . he pound a few more time , start to panic , when the metal above he head finally pop open . ext . junkyard - night kincaid stick he head out of the trunk of a wreck car and look around . he 's in a ominous auto graveyard . kincaid this be not my dreamland . kristen . if you here i'm gonna pound you ass !! kincaid look around . no one 's to be see . kincaid ( cont would ) ( call ) Kristen !! hey , Kristen !! ( beat , then sheepishly ) Kristen ? he collect himself and put on a badass walk gait . when he hear a low growling , kincaid look down . a few foot away from he be he dog . it have a odd expression on its face . kincaid ( cont would ) Jason ? ( relax , become sympathetic ) listen little sister , we know you get this talent for bring folk into you dream , but we do not need it anymore . time to live like regular people . joey let it rest . ' side , who know , you might stir he back up if you keep go in . kincaid and I will help , we be still a team , and we all have better thing to dream about . kincaid you get that right , sign and seal . Kristen want to believe , but she can not , because : kristen then what about this ? Kristen pull up she sleeve , and reveal the blood-stain bandage on she forearm . kincaid that do not mean dick . my dog 's like I . drag he into a crazy dream and he get wild . the guy see Rick approach . kincaid ( cont would ) ( jokingly , try to change the subject ) here come you boyfriend . can not he give you a good night 's sleep ? Rick arrive in time to hear kincaid 's comment . rick we do not kiss and tell . how ' bout you guy ? kincaide start to mount a comeback , but joey pull he away . Kristen watch they disappear into the crowd . rick ( cont would ) that guy be kind of spooky . kristen then you must think I be a total freak . Rick ponder this . rick I go back and forth . Kristen be not amused . rick ( cont would ) lighten up . no one die . Rick stroke she cheek . Kristen force a weak smile . int . kincaid be bedroom - night kincaid be get into bed . his night time attire consist of a T-shirt and a pair of sweat pants . as the sleepy young man settles between the sheet , a force begin to slowly open the door behind he . it squeak as it inch open . kincaid be on alert . after a few moment of suspense , kincaid 's mangy dog shove the door the rest of the way open , and trot into the room . the mutt hop up onto the bed and circle a couple of time . when it finally lie down , kincaid shove it over a bit . kincaid come on , Jason , move over . the dog and he master adjust they position , then kincaid reach over and turn off the light . close on kincaid his eye slowly shut . the room be still . but suddenly a screeching SOUND wake he . int . car trunk - night kincaid open he eye . it 's too dark for he to see much , so he reach for the light on he bedstand . but instead of find a lamp , he hand slam against a metal surface . ext . car BOX canyon - night the dog be furiously digging below the back of a impose - look old cadillac . some strange instinct seem to have overpower the animal . the boy rush forward and try to stop he dog . but it 's no longer act like a friendly pet , and it turn and snarl at he viciously . kincaid stop and stare in disbelief as the dog lift its leg and pisses FIRE onto the spot where it 's be digging . a flaming stream run along the ground , and a moment later , the earth rumble and start to crack OPEN along this line of fire . shaft of light erupt out of the crack . its job complete , the dog howl and run off into the night . kincaid watch it disappear between the stack of car , then step forward and look down into the smoldering pit . ext . freddy grave - night down at the bottom of this freshly form crevice , a pile of bone be form itself into a human skeleton . they click together like a machine gun put together by a experience soldier . and as if that be not creepy enough , a body be quickly regenerating . flesh appear on the bone . cartilage knit the joint , and muscle swell within the oozing tissue that be form all over the body . it 's the antithesis of decomposition . when burned skin form over the flesh , and clothes reverse they rot and cover the skin , there be no longer any doubt who 's rebirth we be witness . ext . car BOX canyon - night kincaid watch in horror as the sinister figure rise from the grave . freddy back . freddy raise he right hand , and with a flick of he wrist , extend the long shiny blade at the end of the finger ( like switch blade . ) . freddy you should not have bury I ... I be not dead . kincaid do not hesitate for another second . before freddy even start to move toward he , the terrify dreamer turn and run . he find the open where he enter , and madly squeeze himself back through it . ext . labyrinth of car - night kincaid start to weave he way through the maze of pile - up car . he turn a corner and pause to catch he breath . he look around . there 's no sign of freddy . breathe hard , he turn around at the pile of car around he . the expression on he face tell we he 's get a idea . on freddy he round the corner and stop , there 's no kincaid . he look around , confuse . he hear the squeak of metal . on kincaid who 's on top of a pile of car . he 's strain with he super dream -strength to push the top car off the pile . he succeed . the car topple down onto freddy , squashing he flat . a victorious kincaid jump down onto the roof , then hood of the car . kincaid take that , mutha-fucker ! kincaide jump to the ground . as soon as he land , the car around he go wild . horn honk , light flash , windshield wiper wipe . suddenly before kincaid can react , car start to pile in around he . he spin around to watch as he be quickly box in by pile of car which come crash in . kincaid be box in like a trap mouse . the horn on the car around he honk and headlight flash at he . there be no way out . he 's completely trap in a space not much larger than a single car . suddenly , kincaid hear a scraping noise right behind he . freddy 's claw be scraping a windshield . he spin around , and find freddy stand just inch away , with he knife raise . freddy bring he blade down and jam they into kincaid 's chest . kincaid ( cont would ) ( gurgle ) kiss my ass , I will see you in hell ... freddy ( smile ) tell they freddy send ya !! hahahaha ! freddy push the knife farther and farther into kincaid . the tip of the sharp blade pop out of the center of kincaid 's back . one at a time , accented by cruel SOUND fx . freddy ( cont would ) one down ... two to go ... hahahah ! int . kincaid be bedroom - night kincaid 's eye shoot open and he clutches he chest in agony . his dog wake and nuzzle up to he die master , but the boy be oblivious to the dog 's tender attention . with he final breath , kincaid try unsuccessfully to call out Kristen 's name . int . kristen' bedroom - night Kristen be sit in bed with she knee draw to she chest . holding she breath , she 's listen . the room be silent . it must have be the wind tickle the chime outside she window that draw she attention . she sigh , and reach for the can of hi-caf cola that 's sit beside she . she take a final swig , then toss the can in the waste basket , where it join a number of other empty . Kristen rummages through the drawer in she nightstand , and grab some cigarettes and match . she get out of bed , cross to the window , and slide it open . she slump into the chair beside the window , and light a match by strike it against she thumbnail . very cool . she light the cigarette and take a deep drag . ext . alice' house - night Alice can be see by the kitchen window . a sliver of light creep out of the garage , along with a thumping noise . int . garage - night Rick be involved in a series of interesting exercise . he 's kick and sparring with a suspend bodybag , do martial art spin between return . he wear a oriental bandana around he forehead . int . kitchen - night Alice be stand at the sink in front of the kitchen window , finish up a stack of dish . she look up when headlight sweep across she face . ext . alice' house - night alice' Pov a car be swerving into the driveway . it make a awkward approach , and knock over a garbage can that 's position well off to one side . int . garage - night Rick stop he exercise and step away from the open electric door . the car jerk into the garage , and Johnson climb out . as he walk uneasily to the house , he take a quick nip from the bottle he 's bring home . Johnson become self conscious when he see he sone watch he . johnson first one of the day , scout 's honor . he shuffles by Rick . int . kitchen - night Johnson come in and cross to Alice . Rick follow as far as the doorway but hold he position there . johnson I be late , I know , damn contract ... let 's eat . alice we wait a long time . rick but we give up . as usual . Alice take a salad bowl out of the fridge and place it in front of she father as he sit down at the table . Johnson stare at the salad in disbelief . johnson ( disgust ) you call this vegetation a meal after a ten hour work day ? what the hell be I ? a rabbit ? Christ , Alice , can not you try to think a little more ?! int . kitchen - night ( daydream ) begin daydream . Alice suddenly smashes the salad off the table . she turn angrily on she father . alice yeah , I can think ! I can think of how sick I be watch you drink you life away and take it out on I ! int . kitchen - night ( back to reality ) end daydream . Alice 's father be stare at she . the salad be back on the table . all be as it be . johnson do I speak in foreign tongue ? Alice , I be talk to you . be you awake or what ? Alice do not answer . rick dad , do not start . johnson start what ? telling the little daydreamer to wake up ? it 's long overdue . Johnson get up and head out . johnson ( cont would ) Hell with this . johnson ( cont would ) aggravation I do not need . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice stand before a mirror that be virtually cover with photo . she seem lose in though and do not see Rick step into the room . rick do not you think it kind of defeat the purpose ? alice what ? rick the mirror . you can not see yourself in it . alice I do not want to . Alice take a picture from the mirror , a old black and white of two little child , herself and Rick much young with a woman . a picture of happier time . cross to sit on she bed ... alice ( cont would ) do you ever wonder how thing would be if Mom be alive ? rick ( teasing ) yeah . she would be half as strict as you . alice but she would not let dad treat I like that . rick look , you gotta stand up for yourself . learn to fight back . Rick do a spin and karate kick high into the air . rick ( cont would ) it 's all in here . ( tapping he head ) see yourself fight . and you body obey . kick high again . rick ( cont would ) come here . he pull she up . alice Rick ... I can not . rick never say can not . just do what I do . he spin , stop . she spin - sort of . he kick . she kick . suddenly she shoe fly off , she hit the floor as she shoe land in the fish tank . they both die laugh . rick ( cont would ) Alice -son , you must have balance ! ext . joey' house - night establish shot of house . int . joey' bedroom - night poster of rock group and girl line the wall . the camera pan they slowly , tilting down past a particularly provocative poster of a sexy bikiny babe . camera reach the LED display of a stereo 's vu meter , which be hit all the red peak . but we can barely hear any music . the camera follows a headphone cord away from the stereo , pass some gorgeous pin-up poster on the wall , and then finally reveal joey stretch out on he waterbed . he have he tv hook up to he stereo and be watch MTV , which he hear through the headphone . they be rock out to a tune that spill out of he headphone . he 's also flipping through the latest issue of Rolling Stone . his eye slowly shut . the magazine drop to he chest . all at once , a rock motion start to make joey rock back and forth . something be cause wave within the waterbed . joey snap to . he notice that the girl in the slutty poster have vanish , leave only she photograph background . joey have no time to be puzzle , however as he roll over and pull back the sheet on the bed ... to joey 's surprise and delight , a beautiful naked girl be stare up at he from inside he waterbed . not just any girl , but the girl from the poster . her hair be float around she face , and she 's press she body up against the inside of the clear plastic . her voice can not be hear , but it look like she 's mouth joey 's name . joey what a great bed !! entrance , joey spread he arm out over the girl and tire to hug she . he 's in heaven . she start to slowly drift away from he , dropping down into the water until she feature be no longer clear . suddenly , the swim figure bob back up to the surface of the bed . but it 's no longer a beautiful girl . it's freddy . we old pal smile up at joey and the blade of he knife push against the surface of the vinyl mattress . joey cry out , but before he have time to react , freddy 's arm rip up through the plastic and grab a hold of the boy . as water gush all over , freddy 's demonic face pop up behind he . freddy how 's this for a wet dream ? joey noooo !!!! Kristen ! help ! freddy pull joey back down beneath the surface of the bed and hold he under . joey thrashes , but its hopeless . freddy ( o.s. ) two down . one to go . hahahaha ! camera move back around the room to the LED meter , watch as it die down to nothing . int . kristen' bedroom - night Kristen be sit on she window seat , finish off another cigarette . she blow smoke out the window , then use the butt to light a fresh cigarette . int . joey' bedroom - night joey 's mother come in to say goodnight . mom joey , be you asleep already ? joey ? she get to the bed . mom ( cont would ) c'mon , give you mother a kiss . she pull down the cover to reveal joey in the bed . she scream . joey be float motionless inside the waterbed . his face press up against the unbroken vinyl surface , he hair be billow back in the still - swirl current , and he eye be open in a eerie death stare . int . kristen' bedroom - night a gentle breeze be blow in the window and Kristen close she eye for a few second as she let the fresh air wash across she tired face . suddenly the wind die away and the soft sound of the tinkling chime abruptly stop . Kristen open she eye and stare out the window . the night air be absolutely still . the leave have stop flutter and the wind chime hang motionless in the tree . she hear someone call she , so she get up and go out . ext . front door - night Kristen come out and start to walk slowly away from the door . she be listen to the faint SOUND that be wafting through the air , but she be not really sure just what it be . as Kristen step away from the house , the camera move with she in a continuous shot . so when she turn and head back , the camera be still follow she . and what Kristen see make she scream . ext . elm STREET house - night her home be now go . stand in its place be the decaye elm STREET house . Kristen spin around . int . weird thin space between wall with chain curtain she 's in a long , weird , thin space between the wall . she pass through a chain curtain and move further in , the corridor be fill with wailing and strange sound . int . weird thin space between wall with chain curtain Kristen try to navigate through the thin space . she scream and start run as arm begin burst out of the side of the corridor . she duck as they grab for she . they're freddy -arm , each one weild he deadly claw . the arm force she down the next segment of the corridor . as she look ahead she see she 's be lead straight to freddy . he laugh . kristen I know you would be back . freddy and then there be none ... freddy charge towards she . she turn and run , but suddenly freddy be right in front of she . she stop cold and concentrate . kristen kincaid ! joey ! there 's no answer . no response . freddy elm Street 's last brat . freddy step forward and raise he blade . he 's about to strike . trapped , Kristen raise she hand in a final futile attempt at self - defense . but before freddy can swing he deadly blade down at she , Kristen 's outstretch arm suddenly burst into flame . she scream and then we CUT to int . kristen' bedroom - night freddy 's " last brat " line echoes a few time before fading out as Kristen come awake . Kristen jump out of the chair as flame shoot out of she wastebasket . her cigarette have start a small fire . she grab she can of soda and pour the rest out onto the fire , put it out . she nurture a small burn on she hand . she turn to the window and cry out under she breath : kristen joey ! kincaid ! ext . school step - morning it 's right before school start , the grounds be desert save for Kristen . she sit alone on the step , rock herself slightly . she 's look better . she 's nervous and agitate . she reach into she pocket and withdraw a cigarette . she take out a match , ignites it by strike it against she thumbnail , and light the cig . after a deep inhale she blow smoke into the morning air . Alice appear . alice here you be . where be you this morning ? Rick 's look all over for you . kristen ( very anxious ) have you see joey and kincaid ! God , I can not find they . I can not find they anywhere . alice I be sure they be around . kristen ( afraid ) yeah , I be not so sure . Alice sit beside Kristen . Kristen look at she . each girl have bag under they eye . kristen ( cont would ) we have match luggage again . Alice look at Kristen , puzzle . she do not get it . Kristen smile and put she finger on the bag under one of Alice 's eye . kristen ( cont would ) the bag under you eye . nightmares ? Alice nod " yes " . kristen ( cont would ) God I hate dream . alice I love to dream , I just hate one about my dad . kristen you could do worse . Kristen stamp out she cigarette . kristen ( cont would ) how do you deal with you nightmare ? alice my mom teach I when I be little . do you ever hear of the dream master ? kristen sound like a game show host to I . alice no really , it 's a fable . the ' guardian of good ' dream . it be like my teddy bear when I be grow up . kristen great , you would not happen to know he phone number ? Alice laugh . kristen ( cont would ) so what do you do now ? alice I daydream . you have to dream about some place fun . remember you be in control . kristen how would you learn so much about dream ? alice when they be all you have , you kinda become a expert . Kristen give Alice a sympathetic look . the two girl sit in silence for a moment . kristen I use to bring people into my dream . Alice do not know what to make of this . alice you what ? kristen when I use to have nightmare . I bring my friend in to help I . until they all start die . Kristen notice that Alice be not get what she 's talk about . kristen ( cont would ) never mind . it 's too complicated . let 's get in before you brother start a search party . int . bryson' classroom - day a teacher , a young hip man name bryson write on the board as the final straggler come in . Kristen and Alice enter , meeting Rick who 's there already . Kristen take on look at the roomful of student and all the blood drain from she face . she be not look at the student who be there . she be stare at two empty seat . Kristen start to tremble a murmuring begin deep inside she and build to a torture cry as she shake she head " no " . Kristen start to back away . her knee be get weak . the other student be mesmerize by the outburst . some of they be glance over at the empty seat . rick what be it ? kristen ( scream ) oh God ! he kill they ! Rick take hold of she arm , but she 's really lose it now , and she pull herself away from he with all she strength . the momentum of this violent move throw she off balance and she fall back , slamm against the door . she strike she head , slump to the floor , knock out . int . school nurse's office - day a school nurse be pass a ampule of smell salt under Kristen 's nose . she shake she head , then open she eye . the nurse lean down over she and smile . nurse feeling better now ? kristen ( groggy ) yeah . I guess so ... what happen ? nurse you have a nasty bump . as Kristen 's sense of focus return , she look up at the nurse with a expression of extreme urgency . kristen I gotta get out of here . nurse you just stay put . you need rest . kristen you do not get it , he 's after I ... nurse do not worry , honey the woman turn and set down the smell salt . her back begin to bleed , blood soak through she white uniform , saturate the fabric , Kristen 's eye widen in horror . when she turn back a instant later , she 's no longer the nurse . now stand above Kristen be freddy . freddy I need to draw some blood ... Kristen let out a scream . int . school nurse's office - day Kristen 's eye suddenly SNAP OPEN . the nurse be pass a ampule of smell salt under the girl 's nose . the woman lean down over she and smile . nurse feeling better now ? Kristen do not say a word . rock and roll music build on the soundtrack as we ... ext . diner - day music be blast as car pull up and kide make they way into the crave inn . int . crave inn - day cu of jukebox . pull back as Dan and he buddy walk for the jukebox to they table . Dan pass by the counter and glance at Alice . dan hi , you see Rick around ? Alice be surprised and almost drop a order . she shake she head . alice no ... dan you be he sister , right ? alice ( smile ) Rick stay later after school with Kristen . she be not feel very well . dan tell he I be look for he , okay ? ( he eye smile ) I be Dan . alice ( look down ) I know . uh ... Alice . Dan be already walk away toward he table . Alice pick up a order and watch Dan walk away . Debbie , who be also a waitress , step in . debbie sorry , Alice . you be shift 's over . my table now . Debbie walk to Dan 's table . Sheila catch Alice off-guard . ( they both watch Debbie talk to Dan . ) sheila ( mimick Debbie ) hi , handsome . Care for some bun ? Alice turn to see Sheila in front of she with a check . they both laugh . alice you in a hurry ? sheila I gotta get to the library before it close . killer physics test . alice I know . I hardly have any time to study . sheila maybe you should not be work here so much . you do not want to get stick wait table for the rest of you life . alice I know . Debbie return from Dan 's table . debbie he 's so cute . I wonder where he work out . sheila please save we , Deb . there be life after exercise . debbie one of this day I will fix you up with a real guy . teach you to get you priority straight . alice I think Sheila 's more interested in dissect body than just admire they . debbie give she time . beauty be skin deep . sheila Deb , you be hopeless . later in life you will appreciate my motto : mind over matter . Sheila gather she book . Alice start clean the table nearby as Rick and Kristen walk in . they startle Alice . rick ( urgently ) Alice , you think you can leave ? alice what 's wrong ? rick kincaid and joey die last night . alice what ? over at the next table , Dan see Rick . dan ( yell ) hey , Rick ! rick ( to the girl ) Excuse I , lady . I will just be a moment . Rick take off for the table . Alice and Kristen huddle closer . alice Kristen , what happen ? kristen you will hear all kind of storey . they will tell you it be murder , but it be not . Alice try to comfort Kristen who be now cry . kristen ( cont would ) how could I let he get they ? kincaid , the badass motherfucker with the heart of gold . and joey , shy , sweet joey . so shy and so oversex . Kristen smile through she tear . good memory . kristen ( cont would ) we be a team . Alice be speechless . suddenly Kristen turn hard . kristen ( cont would ) ( steely ) I be gonna get that sonofabitch . alice who ? Kristen do not seem to hear she . kristen ( yell ) Rick ! c'mon ! we gotta go now ! Rick come over with Dan who look concerned . kristen ( cont would ) before it 's too late . int . rick be car - day Dan 's seat in the backseat . he look slightly silly sit next to the shy Alice , who 's desperately try not to make eye contact with he . she sneak little peek . Debbie be seat in back on the other side of Dan . she 's try very hard to make eye contact with Dan . Rick 's in front with Kristen . a conversation be in progress . Kristen be finish up a story . kristen now you know who and what freddy really be . rick I though freddy be just a old town story . kristen it 's no story . it happen . freddy 's real and he 's back . dan hey , c'mon ! everybody have nightmare . kristen you do not know what nightmare be . you play by freddy 's rule . wake up or die . dan Nice neighborhood . everyone in the car have be lean in towards Kristen , engross in she story . Rick grow uncomfortable with the crowd , as if he have a strong aversion to tight space which we would like to telegraph for later exploitation . rick hey , c'mon ! give I some room ! I hate tight space . that in the back seat back off . Kristen speak up . kristen we be here . ext . elm STREET house - late afternoon Rick 's car and Dan 's truck pull up in front of the board up , run down house . they get out of they respective car and meet on the front of the walkway , surround by a weed infest front lawn . dan so , why the haunt house ? kristen kid die there . dan huh ? rick ( whisper to Dan ) I will tell you later . kristen it 's no just a house . it 's he home . he 's wait there for I ... to dream . rick it 's okay , babe . we be with you . kristen I tell you you can not help . this be not a normal nightmare . I be doom . dan I do not get it . rick ( whisper pull he aside ) let I talk to you . Alice take Kristen aside . continue scene with Dan and Rick . dan so what 's up ? what would I miss ? rick she tell we the story of freddy . it 's a town legend . he be a child killer who be freed on a technicality . dan so ? rick it piss off a lot of parent . accord to Kristen , they hunt he down ; roast he alive . dan Nice neighborhood . rick now it get weird . she say he come back in dream . if he kill you there , you be dead for real . on Kristen and Alice . kristen I be beginning to feel like a endangered species . Alice be stare at the house . she suddenly speak , almost to herself . alice " now I lay I down to sleep ... " Kristen glance over at Alice who notice Kristen 's attention . alice ( cont would ) the dream master . I think I remember the rhyme . " the master of dream , my soul I will keep ... " she falter , stop . alice ( cont would ) sorry , I forget the rest . kristen it 's okay . it 's only a prayer , no good to freddy 's realm . a car 's honking command the kid ' attention . elaine , Kristen 's mom , pull up . she shout at Kristen from the car . elaine Kristen ! get the hell away form that house and get in this car . andele ! Rick , Debbie and Dan walk over to Kristen and Alice . Kristen start to head for the car . Rick put a hand on she shoulder . rick do not go if you do not want to . I can take care of you . Elaine impatiently honk the horn again . kristen I better go . Rick lean in and gently kiss she . rick I will call you tonight . we will get through this . they be near the curb , Alice stop as something on the walkway catch she attention . there be trace of a chalk draw on the concrete . Alice bend down and run a finger across its surface . rick ( o.s. cont would ) Alice ? she look up to Dan and Rick . she start to join they . before she go , she turn and look back down . the draw be go . she stare at the walkway a beat before join Dan , Rick and Debbie . int . kristen' dine room - late afternoon Elaine be silently watch she daughter eat . you could cut the tension with a knife . finally , Elaine speak up . elaine something the matter with the cuisine ? kristen well Mom , I will tell ya , when two of you friend die the same day , you let I know what it do to you appetite . elaine you be just tired . do not think I have not notice you not sleep . that have to stop , honey . Kristen quickly stand , but she 's dizzy . she grab a hold of the table to steady herself , then sit back down again . kristen ( concerned ) what 's wrong with I ? elaine you distraught . it will help ... there 's a straighten tone in she mother 's voice that be make Kristen 's eye open wide . she 's start to understand what 's happen . kristen oh , God ... no ... what would you do ? Kristen grab she glass , and pour the last of she milk out onto the table . there 's a grainy sediment remain in the bottom of the glass . when Kristen stand again , she 's unsteady on she foot . she try to brace herself on the back of she chair with one hand , and when she do this , she lose she grip on the empty milk glass and it fall and shatter on the floor . with a wobble gait , Kristen lurch away from the table . Kristen stumble around , grab she mother 's purse and dump its content on the counter . fumble around , she find a half - full container of prescription capsule . she turn and throw it at Elaine . pill fly everywhere . elaine I be sorry honey , but ... kristen ( scream ) sorry !! sorry that you and you tennis pal torch this guy who 's now after I . in case you have not be keep score , it 's he fuck banquet , and I be the last course !! elaine honey , we go over this in therapy . kristen mother , you have just murder I . take that to you goddamn therapy ... on deserted beach wearing club mo beach wear , Kristen be lie on a towel on a beach that run along the edge of a broad lake . the sun be high and the sky be blue . kristen ( cont would ) ( softly to herself ) thanks , Alice . she slowly glance around the beach . down near the water , a little girl be building a sand castle . when the child turn and look at she , kirsten see that it 's the same little girl that she see draw a picture on the sidewalk . just off the shore the glassy surface of the water be unexpectedly break by fin - like object that rise up and slice through the surf . at first it look like a shark , but as it get closer , we can clearly see that it be four blade in ascend height . on the beach Kristen look back at the Sand Castle , but the little girl be go . she do not notice the fin . moving with the fin they turn and head straight for shore , directly in line with the Sand Castle and Kristen beyond it . when they reach the shore , they continue straight on , cut through the sand now instead of the water . on the beach the knife - like fin move through the sand and enter the front of the elm Street Sand Castle . at this point , the sand castle change into a sand castle of the elm STREET house , then explode , revealing : freddy , squinting against the harsh sunlight . freddy pop on a pair of Ray - ban . he smile as he step forward and stand over Kristen , he backlit form be tower above she . freddy time to turn , or else you will burn ! Kristen be sink halfway into the sand , prevent escape . freddy raise he claw as if to attack Kristen and the shadow of the claw burn blister onto she otherwise pale skin . freddy saunter over , unaffected by the quicksand . he watch the girl struggle and laugh when she scream mouth fill with sand as she sink below the surface int . elm STREET house - upside down dine room - night Kristen appear , hang upside down on all four on the ceiling of the room . she 's disorient . she start to get some kind of bear and start crawl towards a wall . she make it and struggle to reach a door . she crawl down the wall and manage to open the door . she fling herself through it . Kristen be horrify to discover that she be back in the boiler room . the place be really strange now . there 's a fire and steam all around she realize she 's stand on a catwalk high above the room . she look around and see that freddy be stand in front of a furnace , watch she with a grin on he face . with a defiant cry , Kristen run at freddy . she do a series of cartwheel and throw herself at she tormentor , crash into he . caught off guard , freddy stumble backwards and fall onto the grate . freddy do it till ya dizzy ... hahahahaha ! kristen we beat you before ! freddy but you be all alone ! freddy advance on the terrify girl . freddy ( cont would ) hey , Kristen ! why do not you call in some help ? freddy close in . Kristen struggle not to drag anyone in . kristen never ... I be the last . freddy 's almost on top of she . freddy reach out and touch someone . freddy raise he claw to slash Kristen . she panic and on a reflex , call for : kristen alice !! suddenly , Alice come crash down on top of they . Kristen be enraged . but freddy be happy . freddy how sweet ! Fresh meat ! Kristen suddenly slap Alice hard across the face . kristen come on !! wake up and get out !! it be a mistake , oh God I be sorry . nothing happen , Kristen start to back up , take Alice with she . freddy pull open he shirt and reveal the torture face of the soul of he previous victim . kristen ( cont would ) ( step forward ) leave she alone !!! freddy grab Kristen , and as Alice react in utter horror , he throw she into a nearby wall in which appear a burn sea of flame . Kristen writhes as she burn . as the flame finish off the doom girl , a blast of ENERGY shoot out of the steaming furnace and slam into freddy . his body crackle , he arch he back and seem to grow as he contort and pulsate . freddy now , no one sleep ! ahhhh ! he start to advance on the terrify Alice . as Kristen roast to a fiery death , she call out to Alice . kristen ( pain ) you will need my power ... a second bolt of energy fly from Kristen 's body inside the furnace and slam into Alice , cause she to glow and shake . freddy close in for the kill and be about to slice into Alice . kristen' smoldering face push out and emerge onto freddy 's chest . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice sit bolt upright in bed , scream . she take a few breathes , get she bearing then walk towards she vanity . she stare at the mirror . one of the picture on it be new . it 's a snapshot of a beam freddy and a terrify Kristen down in the boiler room . freddy smile for the camera . Alice stare at it . she turn it over . there 's a inscription on the back . it read freddy and kristen , hell , 1988 . the picture suddenly burst into flame and disintegrate , startling Alice . she look back at the mirror . the hole the picture have leave on the reflective surface allow Alice to see a portion of she face . her reflection be subtly alter , more enhance . Rick burst in . rick you alright ? alice ( barely a whisper ) Kristen ... she grab he and pull he out of the room . ext . kristen' house - STREET - night Rick and Alice pull up to Kristen 's house and get out of Rick 's car . ext . kristin be house - night the dance orange of flame can be see in Kristen 's upstairs bedroom window . Rick and Alice charge into the house . rick ( call out ) Kristen ! int . kristen' bedroom - night Rick , Alice and Elaine enter the room . the bed be in a blaze of flame . the last of Kristen be just a charree arm . ext . school - day Rick be sit on a bench wear dark sunglass . the oriental bandana tie tightly around he forehead . he 's in mourn . seat around he be Alice , who 's dress a bit like Kristen , Debbie and Dan . silence surround they . each be respectful of Rick 's mood . dan hey man , we be all sorry ... rick she know she be gonna die . debbie you mean it be like , suicide ? Dan cut in , not let Debbie finish she sentence . dan I think it be a accident . smoke in bed . alice it be no suicide . it be not a accident . it be freddy , and he 's come back for second , third , and fourth . debbie come on , freddy 's not real . she could not have be serious ? dan I mean , you can not really believe that . alice I be there in the dream . he take she . it be awful . it be awful ... dan " in she dream " ? Alice get up and abruptly walk away from the bench . Rick take off he glass and watch he sister go . rick something 's very wrong here . debbie what ? rick for a minute she ... well , remind I of Kristen . dan be not they close ? a beat . rick not that close . int . girl restroom - day Alice stare at she reflection for a few moment . she study it . she lean in real close to the mirror 's surface . she take out a cigarette , stick it in she mouth and light it by strike a match against she thumbnail , eerily reminiscent of Kristen . she take a drag and cough violently . she quickly stamp it out . she look into the mirror . alice I do not smoke . ( beat ) Kristen , what do you do to I ? Sheila enter the restroom , head for a faucet next to Alice , and immediately splashes she face with cold water . Alice watch she . she get a look at Sheila 's tired face . sheila ohhhhbaby , I be dead on my foot . alice we have match luggage . sheila what ? again , reminiscent of Kristen , Alice point to a spot under Sheila 's eye . alice you have be up all night ? sheila that obvious , huh ? alice then you see he , too ? sheila saw who ? I be up all night cram for this physics test , and I be put this little baby together . look ... Sheila reach into she purse and withdraw a small , neat look gadget , not unlike a joy buzzer , only this mean business . she squeeze it and it emit a high - pitched whine . sheila ( cont would ) you know how Debbie 's afraid of bug ? I make this for she . ultra high sound wave . make them run scream they antenna off . Sheila collect herself and start to leave . sheila ( cont would ) see ya in class . she exit , leave Alice alone in the rest room . int . physics classroom - day the student be sit at they desk , wait for the dread exam . Sheila start to wheeze a little , but she take a hit off of she aspirator , and that settles she down . she look exhaust . while the teacher place test papers face down in front of each of the student , Sheila check out she classmate . Alice and Rick be there , and so be Dan . when the teacher finally get to Sheila , he drop the test in front of she , give she a little slap on the back . the teacher glance up at the clock above the blackboard , then turn to the student . teacher alright ... you have forty minute . good luck and go to it . test papers be turn over . the examination have begin . concentration , scribbling , think , cheating , satisfaction , and despair . it 's all there . Sheila be stare at she paper . she hold she eye open wide . they slowly shut , for a second . she recover and open she eye wide again . she stare back at the paper . int . physics classroom - day ( dream begins ) on the test the equation dance about on the page like acrobat . Sheila blink in confusion , yet they still move . she take a look around . all the other student be work , include Alice . Sheila 's pen be poise over she paper , she eye get heavy , she head droops forward , but she again snap to with a start . she shake she head and look down at she test . Sheila put she pencil to paper and try to fill in a answer , but no write appear on the paper . blink again , the equation on the page start to dance . slowly the letter start to form word again . they spell out learning be fun with freddy . Sheila shake she head and look around . then she look down at she page where a drop of blood splatter . her pen be leak blood . Alice , awake , turn and notice Sheila 's trouble . no one else in the classroom react . Sheila try to clean the blood with she hand , make a even bigger mess . then her hand push right into the desk . she struggle to free it , but she 's pull even further . suddenly she pull it free , look around , relieved . the tension mount , then suddenly a mechanical beastie type claw - thing jump out of the desk and grab hold of Sheila 's arm . she yell . Alice turn and see Sheila struggle . Alice start to rise when a bar shoot out across she lap and strap she in . she struggle to help Sheila . but all the other student be calmly involved in the test . Sheila look forward at the teacher 's desk . freddy sit at the table , peel a apple with a claw . freddy School 's out . finally Sheila pull she arm free , but the bar slip around she waist , entrap she . freddy head down the aisle . Sheila 's breathe all but stop . she try to scream , but can only choke and wheeze . freddy ( cont would ) suck I sideways ... save you breath . freddy yank Sheila to he and kiss she hard on the mouth and begin to suck , literally draw the air from she lung . the freddy -created - vacuum be intense . Sheila 's rib be draw into themselves and crack in half . her body be implode as she inside , life essence , be suck completely dry . Young skin now crack and peel brown . the rind you throw away . freddy let go of Sheila 's shell and it drop to the desk with a dusty thud . freddy ( cont would ) sorry , you fail . freddy turn to the terrify Alice . he walk over , screeching he talon on the blackboard . int . physics classroom - day ( back to reality ) suddenly , freddy be go and Sheila be lie across she desk , choke for air , while the teacher and student gather around . Alice fumble with Sheila 's inhalator , force it into she mouth , but Sheila 's head just droops to one side . Dead . Alice be suddenly hit by a jolt . she recover after a shaky moment . Sheila 's home - make zapper fall out of one pocket and fall on the floor . Alice quickly scoops it up . Rick , Dan and Debbie surround she . Alice start to freak . alice do not you see it ? he be here . they all stare at she strangely . Rick lead she carefully from the classroom , support she exhaust body . the other student file out . student the test be not that bad ... ext . school - day School 's be let out for the day and dozen of student be stand around the parking lot , watch the paramedics lift a nylon sheet - cover body into a wait ambulance . Sheila 's friend watch in silence as the vehicle pull away . a burp of siren to part the crowd of teens . debbie ( fight tear ) asthma attack ... what 17 - year old have a fatal asthma attack ? she be gonna be a doctor . alice it be freddy . debbie enough of that crap . alice I see it . it be my dream . I bring Sheila in ... a horrible realization dawns on Alice . alice ( cont would ) oh God , I bring she in , like Kristen do with I ... Rick try to help , touch . rick c'mon ... Alice break free , leave . alice no , do not ! I give Sheila to he and now she 's dead ! dan Kristen 's story really get to she . rick I be not so sure it 's a story . I mean , look around , we be drop off like fly here . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice empty she pocket on she vanity table . she come up with Sheila 's gadget . she begin to tinker with it , she heft it , size it up . she set it down and look up at the mirror . she hesitantly reach out and pull another photo off the mirror , revealing more of she reflection . it 's a picture of she and Sheila , she put it down . Alice 's image be prettier , stronger . she hear a noise from downstairs and leave she room to investigate . int . kitchen - night ( dream ) Alice enter the kitchen . alice Rick ? Alice flick on the light . she gasp . her father be sit at the table . he look up at she , smile warmly . johnson hi . I hear about what happen at the school . I guess I have not be very much of a father through this . Alice shrug . alice it 's not you fault . johnson Nah , I have be use that excuse since you mother die . he cross to the fridge , open the door , and bend down to take a look . the door block Alice 's and we view of he . johnson ( cont would ) but I promise honey , I will make thing better for you ... the fridge door slam shut , revealing Johnson . johnson ( cont would ) now if I could only kick the habit . he 's hold a oversize martini glass . his face look like the worst case of alcoholic deterioration . blood seep from burst blood vessel in he eye , he nose be red and line and warpe . he 's wear freddy 's sweater . he take a swig off the huge vodka bottle . he vomit up blood as he speak . johnson ( cont would ) ( freddy 's voice ) where 's dinner ? int . alice' bedroom - night Alice bolt awake in bed , sweaty and short of breath . Rick burst in and hit the light . rick I hear you scream . be it a bad one ? alice it be bad . rick do not the dream master work for you anymore ? alice I can not find he . Rick notice Sheila 's gadget on the vanity . it look like it 's be take apart and modify . it look nastier . he pick it up . rick hey , since when do you play Thomas Edison ? this look like Sheila 's . alice it be ... be . it 's a zapper , it might help I stay awake . rick yeah , or turn you into toast . Alice go and take it from he . she hang it on the mirror frame by its wire . alice I can not go back to sleep again . rick I have not sleep much either . since Kristen ... Alice look sympathetically at she brother . alice I miss she , too . she give I she ability but I do not know how to use it . I can bring people into my dream , but I can not protect they . Alice look straight at she brother . alice ( cont would ) freddy life in my dream , Rick . like he do with Kristen . my dream , the one thing I have to myself . rick we will figure it out . alice figure it out ?!?! I will be insane before I figure it out . the only thing I be sure of be that I can not go to sleep . not while he 's use I . rick then we will stay up together . int . crave inn - night Alice be stand behind the diner 's counter . add up the night 's receipt near the cash register . her waitress uniform be spot with stain , evidence of a hard day . she finish up the receipt and close the cash register . she then pour coffee grounds into a cup of black coffee as if it be sugar . she stir it halfheartedly and drink it down . Dan suddenly walk in and head for the counter , about to place a order to go . he see that it 's Alice behind the counter , and be surprised . dan hey , how ya doin ' ? Alice look up . from the look of she , she 's not do that well . Dan be take a bit aback by she appearance . dan ( cont would ) have not see you around lately . alice I have be work double shift . dan extra money , huh ? alice look , you know why , you just do not believe I . Dan look around and lean in to she . dan no offense , or anything , but it 's kind of hard to swallow . alice the story be , the death you can not argue with . Alice 's eye well up . she begin to come unravel . alice ( cont would ) I do not know what to do . I can not stop it . why do not he just kill I ? dan how long have you be awake ? alice Three day . Dan let this sink in . Alice become embarrassed and self - conscious under Dan 's scrutiny . alice ( cont would ) do not you understand ? every time I sleep , someone might die . dan alright , let 's assume this whole thing be true . why do freddy all of a sudden need you ? alice Kristen be the last child leave of the people who kill freddy . maybe freddy can not get to new kid without someone like I . someone to bring they to he . Dan and Alice be both silent for a moment . they look at each other . Dan read the mix of emotion on Alice 's face : guilt , shame , anger , exhaustion . he 's about to say something when a sudden voice call out . Dan 's date , a pretty and polished cheerleader type , appear at the door . girl Danny , we be go to be late for the drive - in ! Dan be embarrassed , so be Alice , who 's also jealous . alice I have to get back . Alice hurry off to the kitchen as Dan watch in frustration . int . boy ' locker room - day Dan and a buddy be suite up for practice . buddy ninety - three day until summer . dan what 's the matter man , get tired ? buddy no , I be get worried . let 's see if we survive until summer . it 's be open season this semester . pretty weird stuff . Dan and he buddy spot Rick enter and sit down on one of the bench . buddy ( cont would ) speak of weird , you gotta feel for that guy . Dead girlfriend and a basket case sister . Dan angrily react to this . he shove the buddy up against the locker . dan hey ! learn to shut up , asshole ! Dan head for Rick . he sit down next to he . dan ( cont would ) you look waste . rick be up with Alice . dan how she do ? I run into she last night . rick she 's blame herself for Sheila . I know how it feel . I have be think about Kristen . maybe I could have stop it , if I would listen . dan about freddy ? rick what else ? you ever look over this town 's history ? not a safe place to be a teenager . anyway , if I be next , watch you back . Dan smile at the gallow humor . the coach bellow into the locker room . coach ( o.s. ) hey you bozo , up and out ! now !! as Dan and the other boy head out to pe class , Rick detour to ... int . locker room toilet area - day Rick head to a stall . int . lecturer' classroom - day Alice be struggle to stay awake in a back row of the class . at the front , a typical high school lecturer drone on in boring monotone . we hear the word from Alice 's point of view as they distort as she get closer and closer to fall asleep . lecturer every society , dating back to the ancient , have have theory regard dream , what they mean , how to control they . aristotle believe that during sleep you soul roam free . what it see be dream . Skilled dreamer control what they see . there be a theory that there be two gate you soul can enter , one a positive gate , the other a negative . the dreammaster guard the positive gate and protect its sleep host . there be fewer theory about the negative gate ... int . toilet stall - day Rick sit on the toilet . he look up in surprise when the door begin to rattle . a bunch of girl in cheerlead costume suddenly barge in . they look down at Rick and laugh as he struggle to pull up he trousers . suddenly the room begin to shake . Rick look around and see the room transform into a elevator . button push out of the wall and the door change . int . elevator - day one of the girl push button # 13 . the elevator shoot up . Rick be astonished . the door open and the girl shove out . Rick can see Alice among the girl . she be push forward , try to go help he . she disappear in the crowd . Rick look around at : int . hellish bathroom - night Rick look ahead into the hellish bathroom . in front of he he see the familiar back of Kristen . she lean over the sink , look in the mirror . the mirror image speak to he . kristen c'mon , Rick . make I laugh . Rick step forward to go to Kristen . she turn , revealing she face be a burn horrific mess . Kristen laugh evilly . Rick reel back into the elevator . int . elevator - day the door slam shut in Rick 's face . suddenly the elevator be rockete downward . Rick hold on for he life . the button sequence faster and faster until they be a blurry glow . through the elevator speaker come freddy 's voice . freddy ( v.o . ) go down . woman 's wear , lingerie , cutlery , butcher knife . China ... the elevator come to sudden halt , Rick be throw to the ground by the impact . he get up and look around as the door open into : int . chinese live area - day a pristine clean chinese room ( a la live quarter in chinese ghost Story ) - tatami matte , white and color screen , open , light and airy . Rick step out tentatively . he scan the room suspiciously , then more calmly . suddenly , out of nowhere , Rick be hurtle backward as if kick by a invisible opponent . rick what the ... freddy 's voice be hear . freddy ( o.s. ) a true warrior , Rick -san , need no eye . Rick be kick again and floor . he stand , now angry . he flail around at the air , then be hit again . rick come out and fight I , you chicken shit . freddy 's laugh be hear . freddy ( o.s. ) ninja warrior have calm . find you balance , Rick . Rick be hit again and throw back against a screen which break . he stand up slowly , with ultimate concentration . he turn quickly as if with radar . suddenly he kick back at the air and connect . a resounding thump be hear . he progress forward in a series of karate move all of which connect soundly and quickly with the invisible force . rick too wimpy to show yourself , krueger ? well , how 's this for balance ? with extra strength , Rick kick out in the air . he connect hard and suddenly freddy 's glove appear out of thin air and land on the floor as if kick off by Rick 's power . Rick stop and stare at the glove on the ground . he laugh victoriously . rick ( cont would ) hahaha . you superhero . how you gonna get I without you weapon ? you be dead meat . Rick look down as freddy 's laugh resound through the room . suddenly the glove jump up in the air and go straight for Rick , reaming he in the stomach . Rick fall over - dead . freddy hari-kari to you and you balance , boy . sayonara , rick-san . int . lecturer' classroom - day Alice wake up with a jolt . she 's hit by a incredible force and she entire seat shake off its bolt . student next to she back away . she smashes she desk top with she fist , send bit of wood and metal fly . she let out a soul-crush cry . alice nooooo !!!! the window in the hall shatter . Alice run out of the hall . int . locker room toilet area - day the coach enter the room and call out . coach hey , Johnson ! let 's go !! the camera track past the coach to the empty stall , stop as we see Rick 's twisted hand lifeless on the tile floor . ext . on the elm STREET grave - day Dan be walk by a series of grave . they bear the name of nancy thompson , donald thompson , roland kincaid , joseph peterson and finally , kristen parker . Dan stand before the grave of freddy 's victim . a wind rustle the leave in the tree above he head . dan and then there be none . ext . elm STREET cemetery - day yet another funeral be take place in springwood . mourner gather around the grave site . Johnson stand before the grave , dishevel , unshaven , a wreck . there be a few teens , classmate of Rick . Alice and Debbie stand off to the side . Alice be clutching Rick 's oriental bandana tightly in one hand . Debbie be sobbing softly . Alice be cold blue steel . she 's wear Rick 's dark sunglass . ext . rick's grave - day ( daydream ) begin daydream . Rick hop out of he coffin with athletic ease . he 's dress in he best suit . he look very happy . he stroll over to Alice , who take off she sunglass and stare at he . no one else notice . rick great goof , huh ? they think I be dead . I love it ! Alice start to gently cry . Rick reach out and wipe a tear away . rick ( cont would ) hey , you know I would not leave you all alone . this be just to fool freddy . I be here . Alice stare at he , longingly . finally she shake she head ' no ' . dan ( o.s. ) Alice ... Alice ? the sound of Dan 's voice break the daydream . Alice blink twice before she realize that Dan be really talk to she . dan ( cont would ) be you okay ? alice not really . dan be there something we can do ? alice I do not think so . I guess this be my own war . debbie no it be not . we all gotta survive . she pump up . debbie ( cont would ) I do not spend hour work out to let some damn nightstalker beat I . alice you do not really get it . he 's not a nightstalker . it will take more than bench press to beat he . dan why can not we just talk to the authority ? alice yeah , right . let 's trade death by freddy for life in a rubber room . adult will not see it . they can not . dan then what else can we do ? alice try what other kid do . keep each other awake . we will meet at Debbie 's tonight . at least if we do not sleep he can not get we . dan who ? debbie I know just the guy . Dan shrug and leave with she . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice hang Rick 's oriental bandana on the mirror , next to Sheila 's gadget . she place Debbie 's studd bracelet on the vanity table . Alice look at herself in the mirror . something catch she eye . she take another picture off the mirror 's surface . it 's a picture of she and Rick . she look up , she can see more of herself . she 's quite beautiful now , and there 's a surety and strength in she eye . she stare at she reflection . she 's bring Rick 's nun - chuck up from the garage . she begin to go through some move with they . slowly at first , she build to a blind speed . she watch herself in the mirror . Alice gasp and drop the stick . she walk to the mirror , and place a hand on it . alice ( scared ) what 's happen to I ? int . den - night Johnson be slump in a chair watch a soundless tv . as Alice enter , dress to leave , he rise to stop she . johnson no , you be not leave this house . he stand in front of she , slightly menace . alice get out of my way you pathetic lush . johnson honey , I may be a drunk , but I want you here . we be all we have ... Alice soften . alice dad , please ... Johnson lapse into a drunken monologue . johnson nope , gonna watch you , do not watch he , lose he , will not lose you ... you be stayin ' in ... Alice wait a moment , then reach out and put a hand on she father 's face . she hold it there a second . johnson ( cont would ) you be become beautiful , I never notice before ... Johnson clumsily back up and pour another drink . Alice head back upstairs . ext . STREET corner - night ( STREET # 2 ) Dan wait for Alice , he 's lean up against a street lamp . dan all the town in America , I have to move to the bermuda triangle . int . debbie' attic - night the room have be outfit to serve as she gym . it be equip with free weight , and a weight bench . Debbie greet , dress in sweat , yawn . look at she watch . she look tired . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice be seat on she bed , she 's stare at she mirror . she get up and cross to the window . she open it and climb out . ext . alice' house - night Alice climb out of the window and maneuver down to the street in a duplication of the move we see earlier from Rick . ext . STREET corner - night Alice reach Dan 's corner , he 's go . she look around , no one in sight . frustrate , she walk off and turn a corner . ext . movie theater - night Alice turn the corner and in a abrupt , sudden change of set she find herself in the middle of a run down , seedy urban street . it 's empty , just blacken store front . Alice spy the glow marquee of a movie theater at the end of the street . ext . BOX office - night Alice reach the b.o . she take a ticket from the attendant and wander in . int . balcony - night Alice take a seat in the fifth row . she have a box of popcorn and a soda . there be other patron scattered about the balcony . we can not see they face . Alice settles in . she start to watch the movie . she scoops a mouthful of popcorn . int . on the movie screen - night ( stock footage of reefer madness ) stone patron campily cavort and dance to the diner 's jukebox in a scene from reefer madness . int . movie theater - balcony - night Alice sip she drink , adjust herself . something about the film be make she uncomfortable . int . on the movie screen - night but it 's not as we know it from earlier scene . it 's the crave -inn of the future . a beaten-down forget mutt of a place . all peel paint and flap canvas awning . we watch as the light in the diner switch on and a wind kick up , blow tumbleweed and newspaper across the front of the diner . suddenly , the front door be blow off they hinge and wind pick up . it whistle as the air become thick with dust and debris . int . movie theater - night as the wind whip over Alice , she popcorn scatter like a white rain . her drink be pull out of she hand by the wind 's force . int . on the movie screen - night now hurricane speed be pound the diner , the wind get stronger and stronger as ... int . movie theater - balcony - night Alice be stand , fight the wind that 's pull she to the edge of the balcony . she try to grab she seat , claw finger rip into seatback , only to slip away . Alice be lift off she foot and suck right over the balcony by the wind . she just manage to grab the balcony 's edge and hold on , leg swinging free , try to crawl back up ... the wind beat she back . alice ( scream ) noooooo ! suddenly , one of Alice 's shoe be pull right off she foot and fly across the auditorium into int . on the movie screen - night as Alice 's shoe hit the movie screen and pass through . we see it roll across the floor of the diner . int . movie theater - balcony - night the wind be stronger still and Alice be struggle to maintain she grip on the balcony . the other patron just sit in they seat , watch . Alice manage to hoist herself up just a bit in order to see the face of the other in the theater . they be all blank look pasty - face people with death - like visage . Alice scream as a gust of wind rip she from the balcony and send she flying across the auditorium , pass through the movie screen . ext . crave inn - day Alice tumble into the shot , landing in front of the diner 's exterior . wind and debris blow , board fly off the structure as she struggle to she face . int . crave inn - day ( dream ) alice' Pov of int . movie theatre - night Alice make she way into the diner . she look back . the movie screen be behind she and beyond it be the auditorium . int . crave inn diner - day ( dream ) alice' Pov of int . movie theater - balcony - night she see she zombie-like theater patron , they death - like face display emotionless vacuum as they clap . int . crave inn diner - day Alice turn and look around the diner . it 's in just as bad shape inside as it be out . it may be open for business , but there be no customer to be see . a single waitress be stand behind the barren counter . Alice walk across to the counter , and settles onto a stool . the waitress step over , and slide a tatter menu in front of she . Alice study the woman for a moment . something about she be familiar . it make the girl uneasy . in she sixty , the waitress look like she 's work every day of she life . her hair be streak with gray , and there be deep pocket under she eye . she seem to be the kind of person whose life have pass she completely by . waitress what will it be ? Alice do not answer . waitress ( cont would ) ( impatiently ) c'mon , honey . I do not want to be here forever . Alice note the waitress ' name badge : alice the waitress turn and head down to the end of the counter . as the woman walk away , Alice swivel on she stool to watch she go . Alice be startle to discover that another patron be now sit next to she . it's freddy . freddy if the food do not kill ya , the service will , hahaha ! the waitress bring over a piping hot pizza . she place it in front of freddy . int . crave inn diner - day on the pizza it have large pepperonis , only they be not pepperonis , they be face . scream miniature face . the face of Kristen , Sheila and Rick . freddy ahhhh ! the usual ! Alice react in horror to the death-pizza . the face cry out to she . they voice be high and squeaky , as you would expect miniature voice to be . the effect would be comical if it be not so torturous . face free we , Alice ! free we !! freddy tear the Rick face off the pizza and pop it in he mouth . Alice get up to run but freddy grab she by the throat . freddy I love soul food ! bring I more !! Alice try not to , but a whoosh tell we that she 's drag someone in . Alice look back towards the movie theater . it 's go . what we see be Debbie 's attic . int . crave inn diner - day ( dream ) alice' Pov Debbie 's attic . Debbie be doze on she weight bench . int . crave inn - day freddy cackle triumphantly . he turn to Alice . freddy you shift be over . int . alice' bedroom - night the sudden honking of a pass car horn awaken Alice . she sit for a moment in confusion before clear she head . she rush out , use the window as before . int . attic - night Debbie open she eye . she rub they tiredly then look around and reach for the bar bell . ext . STREET corner - night Dan 's wait with he truck on the corner . Alice come run up . alice c'mon , we have to hurry . I be drive . she hop into the driver 's seat and start it up . Dan have no time to object . he hop in and they screech off . int . attic - night Debbie 's work up a real sweat , press a good size bar bell . up and down , several repetition . she 's listen to a portable stereo , which be plugge into the wall . her hand almost slip . but Debbie catch herself and continue to press . int . dan' truck - night Alice be drive like a demon . Dan strap on the seatbelt . alice he 's go after Debbie , I gotta stop he . dan hey , you be not alone . we have to stop he , I be with you . alice you just feel sorry for I . dan cut that shit out . maybe before , but not now . I want to help you . I be on you side . ext . residential STREET - night the truck barrel down the street , shaking with the speed . int . dan' truck - night dan as long as you drive do not kill we . alice it 's okay , we be just about there . int . attic - night as Debbie extend the weight we can see freddy krueger be reflection in the steel barbell . Debbie bring the weight down and up again and freddy be go . Debbie slip the barbell into the rest place so she can catch she breath . she crack she knuckle . suddenly , we see one of freddy 's claw out the stereo box . Debbie react with puzzlement . int . dan' truck - night Alice turn a corner , head for the house . alice here we be . ext . debbie' house - night the truck be about to pull into Debbie 's driveway . before it can , we smash CUT to : ext . STREET corner - night Alice and Dan be right back where they start from . Dan wait by the truck , Alice run up . alice c'mon , we have to hurry . I be drive . Dan hop in and they take off . they do not know they be experience special freddy - deja vu . int . attic - night Debbie crack the knuckle on the other hand and go to grab the weight . as she reach up , freddy hand be already there . freddy start to force the bell down on Debbie 's throat and she begin to struggle against it . debbie ( strain ) I do not believe in you ... freddy I believe in you ... strain hard to keep the weight from crush she ... freddy laugh as he exert more pressure and Debbie can only close she eye and scream in pain as she elbow SNAP in two . crack in half , bone tear through the flesh and muscle . freddy ( cont would ) ( laugh ) no pain , no gain ! int . dan' truck - night Alice be drive like a lunatic . all be as it be before . alice he 's go after Debbie . I gotta stop he . int . attic - night Debbie force herself to she foot , break arm hang limp at she side . insect like claw emerge out of the break in she arm . her human flesh flop to the floor . she duck as freddy heave the barbell into the mirror in the attic . he start advance on she , claw clicking . Debbie look up to freddy with a pathetic debbie give I back my body !!! int . dan' truck - night Alice turn a corner , head for a house . alice here we be ... ext . debbie' house - night once again , as she 's about to pull into Debbie 's driveway , we suddenly smash CUT to ext . STREET corner - night once again , Dan wait by he truck , Alice run up . alice c'mon , we have to hurry . I be drive . Dan hop in , as before . they screech off . int . attic - night Debbie , now even more insect - like , run toward a small door at the other side of the attic . int . growing attic - night but the door seem to grow larger and larger the closer Debbie get to it ! as we see Debbie , she 's tiny . int . dan' truck - night Alice drive like a lunatic . alice he 's go after Debbie . I gotta stop he . dan you know , I get the weirdest feel we have be through this before . Alice throw he a puzzle , confuse look . it may be dawn on they . int . roach motel - night the room be now a strange white space , flat and dull . Debbie try to make she way across but she foot start stick to the gooey floor . like the thickest glue . Debbie struggle to free herself , but as she pull , she fall over , she face stick to the goo . it rip she flesh to reveal a insect face . a roach trap . int . dan' truck - night for the third time , Alice be turn the corner head towards Debbie 's driveway . alice here we be . dan something 's wrong here . it feel like ... ext . debbie' house - night Alice be about to pull in , then bam , smash CUT to : ext . STREET corner - night you guess it . Dan wait as Alice come run up . alice and dan ( simultaneously ) c'mon , we have to hurry . I be drive . Alice stare at Dan . alice oh God , I be still asleep . he 's get we go in circle . they hop in and take off . int . roach motel - night Debbie , now more roach than girl , see another struggle roach in the corner . Debbie painfully turn towards the doorway and see freddy huge eye peering in . int . roach motel - night Debbie scream at the huge freddy eye . freddy stand , laugh , a " roach motel " bug trap in he hand . freddy you can check in , but you can not check out ! freddy crush the trap with a disgusting sound . ext . residential STREET - night Dan 's pickup truck be racing along . int . dan' truck - night Alice be suddenly hit with a violent shock . dan what the hell be that ? alice ( barely whisper ) Debbie . she 's go . I have ... collect she , like the other . a sudden , blind brightness hit the truck . there be a pair of incredibly bright headlight come straight at they . the light grow brighter still until they be impossibly bright . they burn off to reveal . ext . road - night alice' Pov freddy stand defiantly in the middle of the road , laugh maniacally at Dan 's on - come truck . int . dan' truck - night Alice slam the gas to the floor , murder on she mind . alice alright , asleep or awake , I be gonna punch he ticket in . ext . road - night in the dream , the truck bear down on freddy , smoke drift off the tire . we see Alice sneer as the truck pass right through freddy and smashes into a void , a invisible brick wall . the truck 's front end get totale . bit of metal and glass fly through the air as the truck crumple , as if it have hit solid stone . ext . road , real world - night Dan 's truck be wrap around a large tree . axle and grill work twisted out of place . a spurt of red smear the inside windshield . Alice manage to force open she door and just step out of the truck ... alice oh Dan , I be sorry . GOD , i'm sorry !!! int . ambulance - night the door swing open and two young paramedics lift Dan inside on a stretcher . his leg have be bandage with gauze , but it 's bleed badly . his moaning tell we he 's conscious . Alice climb in and notice one of the paramedics fill the hypo . he check it for air bubbles . alice what 's that do ? the paramedic turn toward Dan . paramedic relaxes you boyfriend . Alice jerk the paramedic 's arm away . alice put the needle down . paramedic ( sarcastic ) sorry doctor , rule be rule . Alice smack the hypo out of the paramedic 's hand . it shatter against the wall of the ambulance . alice ( pure dirty Harry ) he stay awake , that be my rule , understand ? the paramedic back off a bit . he look at Alice with suspicion . Alice relent a bit . alice ( cont would ) he 's allergic , okay ? paramedic shoulda say so in the first place . Alice lean in close to Dan , brushes he hair back with she finger . alice ( whisper ) do not let they put you to sleep . int . emergency room waiting area - night a intern and a nurse be try to put Dan to sleep , but he 's fight they back . at least make it difficult . Alice stand by watch as the doctor , johnson and dan be parent run into the er . Alice charge the doctor . alice when do you operate ? when do he hit surgery ? doctor from the look of he , probably 15 minute . the doctor turn he attention to Dan , who 's strapped to a gurney . they start to wheel he away . Alice check she watch . it 's a quarter to 10 . she have 15 minute before Dan be force to sleep . Alice start after Dan , but Johnson grab she by the arm and hold she back . johnson let it be , Alice . they will help he . Johnson reach in he pocket for he car key . alice they be gonna kill he . Alice snatch the key from she father and run for the swinging exit door . johnson Alice , dammit , get back here . ext . hospital - night Alice jump in she father 's car and crank it over ; burn rubber to back out of the parking lot . Alice drop the car in gear and take off at top speed , but she sideswipe another car which be park next to she . spark , metal against metal . Alice blast through the hospital lift- gate before skidding into traffic and scream away into the darkness . int . hospital hallway - night Dan be be wheeled on a gurney . he 's struggle to stay awake . ext . intersection - night Alice barrel through a light and fishtail around a corner . int . car - night Alice grip the wheel . the speedometer be strain . she look at the dashboard clock . on the clock eight minute to 10 . she have eight minute leave to do something . int . operating room - night a nurse and a orderly lift Dan onto the operate table . the room be be quickly prepped ; check instrument . doctor scrubbing up . activity all around . ext . alice' house - night Alice screech to a halt in front of she house . she burst out of the car and run into the house . int . operating room - night as the nurse lay out the instrument , Dan be still groggy . the operate room clock tell we Alice have 5 minute leave . int . den - night as Alice run through , she pass a gun rack mount on the wall . she double back to it . she regards it . alice could not hurt . she open it and grab a mean look mother of a pump - shotgun and a box of shell . int . operating room - night we see the oxygen and anesthesia hose put into place and the gauge register pressure . the anesthesiologist prep the mask for Dan 's face . Dan watch , protest weakly . dan I will take the pain ... no gas ... no gas ... have to stay up . he fade out . int . alice' bedroom - night Alice throw the gun and the shell on the bed . she open a bottle of sleep pill and pop more than enough for a trip on freddy express . she start to load the gun , insert each shell with vicious precision . she cock it . alice this end . now . she walk over to the mirror on the vanity table . her eye travel over the token she 's collect form she friend . she start to power up . she take Sheila 's gadget , which she 's improve , and hang it around she neck . she take Debbie 's studd bracelet and snap it around she wrist . lastly , she take Rick 's oriental bandana and tie it like amazonian around she forearm . she hoist the gun . she like she reflection in the mirror . something 's very different . the pill be start to take effect . Alice grab she forehead . she look back at the mirror . she 's strong , confidant , ready to accept she destiny . with forceful determination , she tear the rest of the picture off she mirror . what she see make she gasp . int . alice' bedroom - night on the reflection it 's Alice alright , but everything 's turbo-charged . she 's leaner , meaner , she clothes be tighter , more battle - like . everything 's accented . the gadget around she neck be now a super high - tech amulet . the bracelet have spike instead of stud and seem to be make of shine titanium . this be no high school girl . this be no dream warrior . this be the dream master , ancient guardian of the gate of good dream . Alice speak to she reflection . alice now I lay I down to sleep . the reflection speak back . alice' reflection the master of dream , my soul I will keep . alice in the reflection of my mind 's eye . alice' reflection evil see itself and it shall die !!! alice fuckin ' A. Alice look at the shotgun , which remain the same in the reflection . next to she supernatural image , it do not seem a impressive weapon . alice ( cont would ) save it for rambo . she toss the gun aside and notice the clock on she vanity table . it 's 15 second to ten . int . operating room - night suddenly , Dan start to choke he open he eye and see the doctor stand over he . it 's freddy in surgical green , razor - finger at the ready . Dan pull the mask from he face and cry out . dan freddy !!! freddy it be not Dr. seuss ! hahahaha ! dan no , Alice ! Alice !!! int . alice' bedroom - night Alice hear Dan 's distant cry . dan ( o.s. ) Alice !!! the reflection of the Alice as the dream master have be replace by the image of the operate room . Alice can see freddy menace dan. alice ( scream ) get away from he you sonofabitch !!! Alice go diving headfirst into the mirror . it suck she in . int . operation room - night Alice roll onto the floor . she now have the image of the dream master from she mirror , complete with all the regalia . she 's one piss superhero . she look around . freddy 's go . Alice help Dan off the table , since we be in the dream , he injury be heal . he get a eyeful of Alice 's spectacular new appearance . dan ( astonished ) you look great ! alice save it for later . come on ! Alice and Dan turn around and run for the door . just as they get to they , freddy throw they open from the other side . on instinct , Dan leap in front of Alice to confront freddy . he grab Dan 's fist , hold he arm out and slashes Dan . once , twice , across the chest . blood spurt but it 's only superficial damage . Alice grab the sharper of the the surgical instrument and turn on freddy . alice ( cont would ) I will mail you gut back to hell !!! Alice start to hurl the instrument at freddy kung fu style , with blur speed and accuracy . Rick would be proud . Alice nail freddy once , a dozen time in the space of a few second . freddy double over , sharp instrument stick out of every part of he . Alice advance on he and deliver a massive , sharp kick to freddy 's ball . freddy make a SOUND that banshee would flee from . Alice grab Dan and the two plunge through the door . int . kaleidoscope hallway - night Dan and Alice run into the hallway . but it 's no hallway , it 's a huge , rotate cylinder . it look like a hallway , but it 's spin . Dan and Alice immediately become dizzy . at the end of the hallway , there 's a large , wall - to - wall sheet of colorful light . it give the impression that Dan and Alice be trap within a huge kaleidoscope . they careen down the hallway and go crash through the colorful light , which turn out to be stain glass . Dan and Alice crash through a stain glass window without the gurney and land with such tremendous force that even after hit the floor they do not stop . they skid along the floor , out of control . keeping Dan 's hand in one hand , Alice reach out and slam she spike bracelet into the floor . the spike dig in and serve as she break . they screech across the floor , smoke rise from the groove they make . Alice dig in deeper and they manage to come to a stop in a pile of break stain glass . they stand up , just as freddy appear . freddy welcome to wonderland , Alice ! hahahaha ! Dan leap at freddy . freddy slashes he across the chest , superficially , but there 's plenty of blood . alice nooo !!! int . operating room - night the doctor be work on Dan . suddenly , blood start to spurt wildly from he chest . doctor Christ , he 's hemorrhage badly ! Close it off and bring he out of it ! hurry ! int . church - night suddenly , the familiar voice of the elm Street child begin to chant . they be stand in the choir box . child one two , freddy 's come for you . Three four , better lock you door ... Alice rush to Dan 's side . he start to flicker , like a bad tv , then he start to fade . dan no! dammit , alicceeeee ..... she reach for he , but he 's go , he echo remain for a moment . int . recovery room - night Dan 's beginning to regain consciousness . the doctor stand over he . doctor relax , son . it be rough , but we pull you out . dan ( urgent ) put I back under . please ! put I back ! doctor what the hell ?? just a while ago you be scream not to be put under . dan well I change my mind !!! int . church - night Alice crouch into a fight position ( a la Rick ) as krueger advance , finger - blade flash . Alice leap and deliver a perfect kick to freddy 's face , knock he back . Alice land on she foot as freddy lunge for she ! Alice jump over a church pew as freddy slashes at the air ! Alice whirl and kick freddy again and again and again . just pound he . but freddy laugh at the blow . freddy ( contemptuous ) you think you get what it take , I be guard my gate forever , hahaha ! freddy grab Alice by the ankle and whirl she around like a rag doll and toss she away . Alice be throw the length of the church and crash into the confessional booth ; splinter wood and crack bone . Alice sink heavy among the debris . she do not move . freddy advance on she . go in for the kill . just when he 's close enough , Alice spring up . she be play possum . she reach out and punch a hole in the wall behind the debris of the confessional . she pull out several crackle electric cable . she look bizarre and powerful frame for a moment in the blue light of the sparkling electricity . she rip off the gadget from around she neck and aim it at freddy . freddy laugh at she and it . Alice shove on of the electric cable into the center of the gadget . it hum and build and glow until a loud , incredibly powerful laser bolt shoot out of it and hit freddy square in the chest . a stunne freddy look at he mid-section . quite frankly , it 's miss . there 's only a gape , smoking hole through which Alice can see the rest of the church . Alice throw the smoking gadget and cable to the floor . she have no time to savor she temporary victory however . freddy 's play fill in the blank with himself . the char hole in he mid-section begin to fill in . in a matter of second , he 's whole again . he laugh and start to advance on Alice . frustrate , she grab a huge cross which she handle easily , then charge he . freddy raise the cross . on one pass , she tear open freddy 's sweater , revealing the face of the soul trap within freddy . she gag at the sight . freddy seize the moment and grab the cross . he toss it away . freddy smack Alice across the face . he grab the back of she head and throw she over he , across the church and into the altar . he advance on she . freddy ( cont would ) I be eternal ... Alice be look pretty bloody . she try to fend off freddy but he smashes she into the opposite wall . she crumple in pain beneath the break stain glass window she come in through . freddy 's come for she . his tongue wiggling like a dement wile E. coyote about to grab the Road runner . the kid in the choir sing out . child for in the reflection of my mind 's eye ... the sun rise behind the window the child be stand in front of . the light hit the wall and work it 's way to Alice and the floor . freddy step into it as he advance . alice ( remember ) let evil see itself ... Alice look down and see a large piece of stain glass . she see she reflection in it , unbruise , pretty , the true she . she scoops it up and hold it in front of freddy . the chorus of ghostly kid complete the rhyme with Alice . alice and kide and it shall die ! freddy 's about to slice into Alice , he raise he arm . Light hit freddy off the glass , like a blast . he look at Alice and see himself , reflect in the glass . he scream . we push in on freddy 's scream reflection , right into he mouth . int . freddy body - night we zoom down into freddy 's innard which be make up of struggle dead kid . the soul , all trap and hang inside freddy 's body , start to break free as they scream and cry . int . church - night we travel through , then emerge out of freddy eye . we pull back to reveal that freddy 's entire body be pulsing and rip from within . alice let they out !!!! the trap soul begin tearing through freddy body ; flesh and blood erupting in all direction . freddy 's sweater stretch and rip apart . freddy double over as he head bulge . all the tiny body inside he surge upwards . a tiny hand smashes through one eye . finally , freddy 's head explode and the freed soul pour out . the force shatter the glass in Alice 's hand . she straighten up and watch as the soul swoop around she before zooming out the break window . alice ( cont would ) you be dead ... all 's quiet except for a steady wind that blow the shell of freddy krueger and he hat down the church aisle . and out the door . the double door slam shut . int . church - night Alice stand alone . she 's no longer dress like dream master . have fulfil she mission , she 's now just normal Alice again , but retain the newfound beauty and confidence . Alice stand freeze for a moment , then regards she quiet surroundings . alice Rest in hell . dissolve to : ext . park - day Dan and Alice be walk through the park , arm around each other . from the look of they heal bruise , it 's some week later ... fade to black . ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;