a nightmare on elm Street , by wes craven wes craven 's a nightmare on elm STREET 1a . int . ( montage ) . 1a . nightmare music theme begin as we fade up on a series of shot , all close and teasing . -- a man 's feet , in shabby work shoe , stalking through a junk bin in a dark , fire - light , ash - dust place . a huge boiler room be what it be , although we only glimpse it piecemeal . then we see a man' hand , dirty and nail - bitten , reach into frame and pick up a piece of metal . -- another angle as the hand grab a grimey workglove and slashes at it with a straight razor , until its fingertip be off . -- close on same hand dump four fishing knife out of a filthy bag . they blade be thin , curve , gleam sharp . -- more angle , even closer . we can hear the man 's wheeze breathing , but we still have not see he face . we never will . we just see more metal be assemble with crude tool , into some sort of linkage -- a splay , spidery sort of apparatus , against a background light of FIRE , and a deep rush of steam and heavy , dark ENERGY . -- and then we see this linkage attach to the glove . -- then the blade attach to all of it . -- then the man' hand slip into this glove- like apparatus , fill it out and transform it into a awesome , deadly claw -hand with four razor / talon gleam at its blacken fingertip . suddenly the hand arch and strike forward , slashing through a dark canvas , tear it to shred . 1 . ext . los angele . night . ( 2nd unit ) 1. a pulsation of light and shadow . music drop away to a hushed rushing of wind and distant siren . camera rack into focus on a high panorama of the San Fernando Valley , its night sky light from within by a strange greenish light . title begin . camera tilt down and zoom swiftly into the valley 's web of light . CUT to : 2 . int . concrete passageway . 2 . title continue as tina gray , a strong girl of fifteen in a thin night shift , move towards we down a dark concrete corridor . her step quicken as title appear in the portion of frame she leave free . a subliminal collage of SOUND thread in and out of the music . distant insane laughter . slam iron door . a bleat animal cry . a lamb , white and blank - face , skitter across she path and on into the dark . no reason why it 's there . then another SOUND , much nearer -- the slithering scrape of something like fingernails across slate . it set we tooth on edge , twist the music , and send tina run . 3 . int . boiler room . 3. suddenly tina 's a tiny figure run among huge boiler steam pipe and catwalk -- a shadow forest of iron and stone . she stop , listen intently as the SOUND of tiny hoof suddenly turn into the rattle of distant rain . then she hear ripping fabric . someone be shoulder behind a rag screen of dirty canvas , approach tina . closer on the canvas . the long curve fingerblade suddenly punch through , flash in the firelight , and begin rip through the thick fabric , as easily as scalpel through flesh . they make a hideous , extend ripping SOUND . tina rush away , hand over she ear . another angle -- as the blind girl stumble backwards . then the canvas flap free . the blade be go . the title end , and everything go silent . camera circle until tina 's look right into we eye . the light from a nearby boiler pour through she thin night dress , leave she naked and vulnerable . then a deep , rag voice whisper at she as camera close in on her face . voice ( o.s. ) one two , freddie 's come for you ... tina open she mouth to scream but only a dry , yellow dust pour out . and at that precise moment a huge shadowy man with a grimey red and yellow sweater and a weird hat pull over he scar face lunge at she . and it 's he finger that be tip with the long blade of steel , glint in the boney light and give the hulk the look of a otherworldly predator . tina dodge away , she leg suddenly elephantine and slow . the man seize the trail hem of she nightgown and haul she back . the music shriek as tina manage to tear free -- the man lurch after she with a hoarse shout as we -- smash CUT to : 4 . int . tina's bedroom . night . 4. tina convulse in bed with a scream , look around wildly . someone be knocking on she door . woman' voice ( o.s. ) you okay , Tina ? tina's mother stick she head in with a worried look . tina sit up and blow out a breath , groggy . tina just a dream , ma ... ( more to herself ) damn dream , be all ... the woman , once attractive , venture a step into the room . a man hover background . tina be mother wave he away without look , shove a strand of bleach hair from she eye . she appraise she daughter . tina's mother some dream , judge from that . she nod at tina 's nightshift . tina look down at she nightgown , only now aware of the chill penetrate it from the room . there be four long slashes up its middle , cleanly cut as if by scalpel . man ( os ) ( distant , annoyed ) you come back to the sack or what ? tina's mother hold you horse . ( lower , to Tina as she stand to leave ) you gotta cut you nail or stop that kind of dream , Tina . one or the other . the woman shut the door behind she . tina look back to she nightgown . tina ( low ) oh , shit . she suddenly snatch up the cross that hang over she head , she face white as she sheet . fade to black burn on 5 . the first day 5 . child ( os ) ( sing ) one two , freddie 's come for you ... Three four better lock you door five six grab you crucifix ... 6 . ext . high school . day . 6 . fade up on shot of this large highschool and its crowd of student . foreground , tina climb out of a cherry - red 1959 cadillac convertible with two other student , best friend nancy wilson , and Nancy 's boyfriend and owner of the car , glen lantz . foreground several gradeschoolers be play jump -rope , and the old ditty they sing continue unbroken from tina 's bedroom . rope jumper Seven eight , gonna stay up late ! nine ten -- never sleep again ! 7 . moving angle favoring nancy . she 's a pretty girl in a letter 7 . sweater , with a easy , athletic stride and the look of a natural leader . glen , hold she hand , wear one of the school 's football jersey ; a good - nature , bright kid . Tina 's in mid-conversation . tina ( refer to kid ' song ) that 's what it remind I of -- that old jump rope song . ( shudder ) worst nightmare I ever have . you would not believe it . Nancy nod . nancy matter of fact I have a bad dream last night myself ... tina turn to nancy , but before either can say more , rod lane , a lean , Richard gere sort in black leather and New Wave stud join up with they and interupt . rod ( to Tina ) have a hardon this morning when I wake up , Tina . have you name write all over it . Tina crack she gum with a look of wither indifference . tina there 's four letter in my name , Rod . how could there be room on you joint for four letter ? the guy 's stop in he track . rod hey , up yours with a twirling lawn mower ! he cut off across the lawn . tina Rod say the sweetest thing . nancy he 's nut about you . tina yeah , nut . tina make a face and rake she fingernails across a tree as she pass . tina ( contd ) ( yawn ) anyway , I be too tired to worry about the creep . could not get back to sleep at all . ( beat ) so what you dream ? nancy forget it , the point be , every - body have nightmare once in a while . no biggy . glen next time you have one , just tell yourself that 's just all it be , right while you be have it , y'know ? that 's the trick . once you do that , you wake right up . at least it work for I . tina look at glen sharply . he kiss nancy and dart off for class . tina hey ! you have a nightmare too ? but glen 's go . tina ( contd ) maybe we be gonna have the Big earthquake . they say thing get weird just before that ... bell be ringing , and student crowd ; tina and nancy be draw into the crush . fade to black 8 . ext . a valley STREET . night . 8. angle on a modest home ; no car , just a couple of bike in the drive . every light in the house and yard be turn on . we hear the rock group madness play at a ' no adult home ' volume . 9 . int . tina's live room . night . 9. on glen , dial . Nancy and tina be watch , giggle . tina I can not believe he mother let he come over here . nancy right . well , she do not , exactly ... glen shove a cassette into tina 's ghetto blaster . glen ( to tina ) see , I get this cousin who life near the airport , that it 's okay for I to stay with , right ? so I find this sound effect tape at licorice pizza , and ... the phone be answer . glen jerk the tone arm off the record with a scruupt !! glen ( contd ) hello , Mom ? ( push the ' play ' button ) yeah , out here at Barry 's . a jet plane begin to make itself hear on the tape . glen move the machine closer to the phone . it 's a big plane -- sound like a 747 come in for a landing . glen ( cont ) huh ? yeah , noisy as usual . glad we do not live here -- huh ? yeah , aunt Eunice say hello . the jet be scream in now , full flap and howling like a monstrous banshee . nancy and tina dissolve into muffle giggle . glen ( cont ) ( shouting over the din ) right , right -- I will call you in the morning ! right ! huh ? yeah , sure , I , huh ?... suddenly the tape go silent . glen blanch . next moment another engine be hear , but this one be a ford lotus scream by at 180 mph . glen ( cont ) ( reacting to he mother 's reaction ) uh ... some kid 's drag racing outside , I think ... the sound effect change abruptly to a speed sedan -- and the ages- old screech of brake , last - second scream and horrible collision . nancy gamely try to find the right button to turn it off , but miss . there 's a loud screek of fast - forward mayhem -- Glen improvise desperately . glen ( cont ) listen , Mom , I get to go -- I think there 's be a accident out front -- I -- nancy jump back from the cassette player -- world war ii burst out at top volume -- machine gun , hand grenade , diving bearcat and shout of charge hun . glen make a last-ditch dive and fling the cassette out of the machine . bless silence at last . glen ( cont ) right . I will call the police . no , just some neighbor have a fight , I guess . I be fine , I be fine ! call you in the morning ! he hang up and sag back . nancy worked like a charm . glen Jesus . tina shove another cassette in , and michael jackson' ' thriller ' blast from the stereo . the kid relax , the camera glide past they to the window . the wind be move the bare tree branch outside . camera pan back to the comfortably threadbare room , uneasy . we see nancy poke at a flame in the hearth as tina come foreground to draw the drape . nancy Nice to have a fire . tina really . turn 'er up a little . nancy turn a nearby valve handle , and the gas fire climb brightly over its artificial log . tina join she , hearten . nancy maybe we should call Rod , have he come over too . he might get jealous . tina Rod and I be do . he 's too much of a maniac . glen he should join the Marines , they could make something out of he . like a hand grenade . tina laugh despite herself . nancy brighten . nancy see ? you have forget the bad dream . do not I tell you ? tina shake she head , wishing she have forget . tina all day long I be see that guy 's weird face , and hearing that fingernails ... nancy look up with a flinch . nancy fingernail ? ( blink , laugh ) that 's amazing , you say that . it make I remember the dream I have last night . tina look up . tina what you dream ? nancy I dream about this guy in a dirty red and yellow sweater ; I dream in color , y'know ; he walk into the room I be in , right , right through the wall , like it be smoke or something , and just stare at I . sort of ... obscenely . then he walk out through the wall on the other side . like he would just come to check I out ... the story have leave the room deathly quiet . especially tina seem effect . tina ( quietly ) so what about the fingernails ? nancy remember , imitate the frightful coincidence . nancy he scrape he fingernails along thing -- actually , they be more like fingerknive or something , like he would make they himself ? anyway , they make this horrible nose -- ( imitate ) sssssccrrrtttt .... tina pale . tina Nancy . you dream about the same creep I do , Nancy ... the girl stare at each other . glen that 's impossible . they look at he . he look away , as if suddenly listen . tina what ? glen nothing . tina there 's somebody out there , be not there ... nancy I do not hear anything ... then there 's a unmistakeable SOUND . a distinct scraping against the house , just outside the window . something multiple , thin and sharp . something like metal fingernails . nancy 's mouth open a fraction of a inch . 10 . ext . front of house . night . 10 . close on front door as a bolt unlocks , a key turn , a chain be removed . at last the door swing open and glen swagger out . glen I be gonna punch out you ugly light , whoever you be . no answer but a slight rustle in the bush . glen do a 180 and walk right back inside . the girl prod he right back out , giddy with giggle fear . glen it 's just a stupid cat . nancy then bring we back its tail and whisker . the girl push he farther . glen edge towards the shadow . then the scritching again . glen stop ; tina edge back into the house . tina anyway , I do not have a cat ... angle into the shadow . turned from the girl , glen sober , listen . in he Pov we see the street . Silent house . motionless tree on empty lawn . glen Kitty -kitty ? Chow chow chow ? not a live , or dead , soul . glen turn back to the girl with a shrug . instantly , a large figure pounce and throw he to the ground with a shout . the girl scream in panic and run for the house . 11 . reverse -- rod leap up and shout like a sportscaster -- 11. rod and it 's number thirty - six , Rod Lane , bring lantz down just three yard from the goal with a brilliant tackle ! and the fan go wild ! rod dance into the light , flash a wild gypsy 's grin at tina . the girl 's relieved and frighten at the same time . tina what the hell you do here ? rod come to make up , no big deal . you mar home ? tina of course . what 's that ? rod take the spindly hand rake he 's find and scrap the house 's wall . it make a terrible scriiitching SOUND . he grin and toss it aside . rod intense , huh ? ( size up the three ) so what 's happen , a orgy or something ? glen maybe a funeral , you dickhead . rod wheel , a knife suddenly in he hand , as if ready to take Glen 's throat out . nancy break between -- nancy -- just a sleep - over date , rod. just Tina and I . Glen be just leave . rod eye glen , laugh and flip the knife close and away , put he arm around tina 's shoulder and laugh as if it 's all a great joke . rod you see he face ? ( lower ) you mar be not home , be she ? ( to Nancy & Glen ) I and Tina get stuff to discuss . he pull tina inside without further ceremony . nancy Rod ... but rod 's already get himself and tina halfway through the live room , head into the darker part of the house . rod we get she mother 's bed . you two get the rest . angle back on glen and nancy . nancy we should get she out of here ... tina dart to the front door , she blouse half out . tina hey -- you guy be hang around -- right ? ( fake laugh / whine ) do not leave I alone with this lunatic -- pleeeeze , nancy ! she disappear . glen look at nancy . too innocent . glen so we will guard she together . through the night . ( move closer ) in each other ' arm like we always say . nancy Glen . not now . I mean , we be here for Tina now , not for ourselves . she kiss he lightly , then push he back . glen ( frustrated ) why 's she so bother by a stupid nightmare , anyway ? nancy because he be scary , that 's why . glen who be scary ? nancy turn and look at he . nancy do not you think it 's weird , she and I dream about the same guy ? ( glen look away ; nancy stare closer ) you do not have a bad dream last night , do you ? glen give she a funny look . glen I ? I do not dream . he take she inside . over the sound of lock fall shut we fade to black 13 . int . tina's live room . night . 13. fade up on a old 50 's clock , one of that set into the black plaster body of a stalking panther . it 's just past 2 am . pan the cold hearth and darken live room to reveal glen on the couch , cacoon in sheet . he 's listen miserably to the sound of lovemake come from the next room . tina peak , rod howl . then silence . glen morality suck . CUT to : 14 . int . tina's mother' bedroom . night . 14 . this be a slightly larger room than tina 's . adult . female . spare in its appointment . the streetlight throw the narrow bed into break shadow and light . tina and rod lie in each other 's arm in the middle of the big bed . satiate . tina I know there be sometih about you I like ... rod yawn into the pillow , happy . rod you feel better now , right ? tina jungle man fix Jane . rod no more fight ? tina no more fight . rod ( sleepily ) good . no more nightmare for either of we then . he pull the cover over he head . he 's almost out already . tina ( beat ) when do you have a nightmare ? rod ( under the blanket ) guy can have nightmare too , y'know . you be not get a corner on the fuck market or something . he roll over , practically snore , and pull another cover over he head . a dirty red and yellow cover . tina ( sleepily ) where would you get this snotty old thing ? snore from rod . tina yawn , turn off the light and snuggle against rod , pull the cover gingerly over herself , too . 15 . int . tina's bedroom . night 15 . camera move across the room of the original nightmare to find nancy alone in tina 's bed , stare at the slant ceiling above the bed . think . we can just hear she heart beat . she sigh and turn on she side . immediately the wall above she head turn a faint reddish hue , with a broad yellow smear across its center . all unseen by nancy , the wall begin to pulse in exact time with she heart 's beat . close on nancy'' face . she close she eye . angle back up on the ceiling just above her head . something press against the surface from the inside . the plaster buldge out as if suddenly elastic , take the shape of the thing press from inside -- take the shape of a man 's face . the face open its mouth . the knife rake through the surface . angle on nancy -- as plaster dust snow down on she . she jerk awake , sit bolt upright . the face retract suddenly -- the wall be normal . angle down on nancy as she look up to the ceiling , touch she hair and feel the plaster dust . reverse in her Pov to the ceiling . there be three parallel cut in the plaster there . about eight inch long . as if cut by sharp knife . nothing else . back on nancy . she draw the cover around she and shiver . eye wide open . 16 . ext . tina's house . night . 16 . not a car or person in sight . a stricken breeze die in the tree . 17 . zoom in on the window of the room where tina sleep . by the time 17 . we be full in close on it , the air be again still as death . a moment later a pebble bounce off the pane . the nightmare theme appear in the lower register and hold its breath . another pebble strike , with a sharper rap . 18 . int . tina's mother' bedroom . night . 18 . close on tina's face as she eye open . 19 . reverse in her Pov . another pebble clatter off the glass . 19 . 20 . tina raise slowly . 20 . tina rod ... snore from rod . tina sit up . past her to the window . the wind move again ; the tree brush the window with they shadow . then another pebble . rap ! tina slip to the window . 21 . ext . tina's backyard . night . 21 . she look out on a old yard with a patch of bananna tree rattling in the Santa Ana wind . it seem desert , though the welling dark will not let she be sure . then another pebble -- pap ! -- hit with a sharp rack focus . 22 . a low angle to window as tina jump back , startle . she have not 22 . see that one come . but she 's draw back to the glass out of curiousity , strain to see in the dark . it 's as if the stone be materialize out of thin air . 23 . int . tina's mother' room . night . 23. whap ! this time a heavier stone , and a thin crack bristle across the glass . tina ( low ) who the fuck you think you be , whoever you be ? 24 . ext . tina's back yard . night . 24 . wide angle on the rear of the house . a light come on . tina appear in the doorway . tina ( listen ) somebody there ? she can see through the backward to a yawn gate and the back alley . no one there . but a word be speak , as if by wind . voice ( garble ) Tina . tina straighten , unable to swallow . there 's a rag , obscene giggle . deep in the throat . phlegmy . tina who the hell be that ? tina charge across the yard and through the gate , the music chase after . 25 . ext . a service alley . night . 25 . she brake in the middle of the alley and whirl around . listen . shiver in the same thin slashed nightgown . a sharp crank of metal , and fifty foot down the alley the lid of a ash can roll from the dark like a huge tin coin and spiral noisily down . 26 . low reverse across lid to tina . despite herself she come over 26 . and touch it . she come up with long worm on she finger . next moment the exact same shambling man from she nightmare stagger into view fifty foot behind she . tina fall back into the shadow , shaking the worm off she finger in repulsion . the man turn and start directly for she , something shine on he right hand as he spread he arm wide . he start scraping the steel fingernails along a cinderblock wall . Orange spark spurt out -- he arm elongate until they reach from one side of the alley to the other -- and tina be cut off from she home ! close on her as the scraping of the blade get louder and closer . she begin to shake uncontrollably . tina oh , shit , please God ... killer ( softly , approach ) this be God ... he hold up he steel - tip hand like a surgical - steel spider . tina run for she life . 27 . wider angle in the alley -- a terrifying , all - out footrace 27 . between the girl and she pursuer . the man be fast ; the distance between they close with each heartbeat . tina overturn ashcan -- claw she way through a rotten back fence , hammer against a window . ashen face appear , recoil , pull curtain close and disappear in fright . 28 . ext . tina's STREET . night . 28 . tina run out onto front lawn , scream for help . no help come . in fact , the only response be for all the porch light on the block to be turn off . the man roar out from behind a tree -- a tree too narrow to have hide he -- nearly upon the girl ! tina run in panic -- at last make she own home , only to be trap against its lock front door . she hammer against its thick wood . tina Nancy ! open the door -- Nancy ! the man slow . he have tina now and know it . man she 's still awake . Nancy can not hear you . tina turn and look full at the approach man . smudge by deep shadow , he 's big and hideous . he wear the same dirty yellow sweater from the first nightmare -- from the wall - hang and blanket too -- and have the same sagging hat and leer grin over he misshapen face . and on he finger be the steel talon . 29 . close on he as he take the blade on the end of he right index 29 . finger and lope off one of the finger of he leave hand . then another . we see the piece of finger fall past tina's face in slow motion . angle on the ground of the finger squirming on the ground , one flopping onto tina 's naked foot . tina leap back , sicken , and begin stamp on then as if they be huge bug . the man snap up he arm and the finger fly back into place on he hand . he leer at tina -- then suddenly lunge at she , sweeping with he cut hand ! tina 's no weak sister -- block he arm , deflect the spine , and grab the man 's ugly face with she other hand . but the face only slide off to the bone . the man press in , and tina contort in horror as the knife slash across she shoulder -- cut she deeply . 29a . tina stagger backward , groaning , she foot now inexplicably 29a . catch in bedclothes ! she fall over she bed 's conformter , twist away from the man and , like a child , pull the cover over she ! the skull - face man crush down , and there 's a fierce grapple -- punctuate by he grunt and the girl 's deafening scream -- and they both become totally wrap in the comforter -- until they be beneath it , fight for life and death . 30 . int . tina's bedroom . night . 30 . rod lurch up into close up in the lightless bedroom , half - awaken by the tremendous struggle somewhere , somehow inside the dark bed . rod grab groggily , lift the blanket . 30a . in he Pov we glimpse the dark underside of the blanket -- see 30a . two shadowy figure flail and claw under the bedspread -- tina and the man -- or a shape that could be a man -- raging against each other . rod drop the blanket and leap from the bed , scared full awake and terrify . then the horrible tina 's gasp change to the cry of a terribly wounded victim . rod instantly jerk back the bedspread . in he Pov we see tina struggle and flail along on the sheet , the man nowhere in sight . rod t-tina !? suddenly tina -- eye turn inward to she tormentor -- give a awful jolt -- she arm and leg be spraddle as if by overwhelming force and pin to the bed . next instant , she nightgown fly apart and four long gashes chase across she torso . from no visible instrument ! a huge irrigation of blood flood the bed . terrify , rod dive for the light -- but at the same moment something invisible grab tina , wield she body in the air and bring it around in a swift blow that knock rod crash into the light -- smash it to bit . 31 . closer on he as he struggle around . in the blue flash of 31 . electricity rod see tina slide up the bedroom wall in a dark smear , drag foot first ! angle on rod -- paralize by terror ! angle on tina's dying eye -- move with she up the wall and bump around the corner onto the ceiling . she 's just look at who 's drag she , eye glaze . reverse in her Pov -- to the shadowy , horrendously ugly man , drag she with fierce glee across the ceiling , literally swabbing the ceiling with she bloody body . see in forced perspective , the shot carry she across a great distance without seem to get anywhere -- as if the ceiling be a endless plane . angle down on rod -- on he hand and knee -- the lamp next to he blurt blue SPARKS and strobing the nightmare room . rod be scream up at tina be invisible tormentor . rod what the hell 's go on here ! Tina ! angle on tina -- upside down , claw at the hang swag lamp above she mother 's dress table -- desperate for some anchor . but she 's drag away from it . the lamp swing back , it 's wire gush more SPARKS . closer along the ceiling as tina rake a long furrow in the ceiling with she fingernails . but she eye be glaze , glaze . and then they fall close . wide , up on the ceiling , as she body suddenly flop loose , hang for a awful moment by the foot over the bed . reverse on rod -- stare like a terrify child . rod Tina -- reverse in he Pov -- as the body fall like a sack of rock onto the devastate bed , in slow motion , strike with a huge splash of blood . a sick , awful giggle float around the room , then echoes off into infinity . rod stagger up , stare around as if hope to see this phantom . rod you motherfucker ! I will kill you for that ! 32 . int . tina's bedroom . night . 32 . nancy be sit straight up in bed , terrify . the cry of rod be ringing through the whole house . she force herself to move -- bolt from the bed despite she terror and sense of dread . 33 . int . hallway . night . 33 . nancy fly into the dark hall -- crash directly into someone who lurch out of the dark before she . she scream and jump back -- glen what the hell 's go on !? nancy oh -- jeez -- Glen ! Rod 's go ape ! rod ( os ) ( sobbing ) I will kill you ! nancy grab the door ; it 's lock ; she pound on it . bam ! bam ! bam ! thing fall into sudden , awful silence on the other side . glen 's voice crack with fear . glen Rod ? ( silence ) Rod , you better not hurt Tina ... rod erupt into terrible hoarse laughter and sobbing . then they hear breaking glass . glen barrel into the door like the football player he be . the frame splinter and they're in . 34 . int . tina's mother' bedroom . night . 34 . just inside the door nancy slip and go down hard . glen find she in the dark more by touch than sight . glen you okay ? nancy yeah . something slipper all over here ... ( feel ) Tina ? no answer . the room be quiet as a tomb . except for a stead dripping , from all over . then glen find a light switch . on the click the devastation be reveal . there 's blood everywhere : up the wall , over the claw ceiling , soaking the kill floor of the bed , and pool in the dark red puddle where nancy have slip and fall . glen oh , shit ... nancy wobble up and see tina in the center of the ravage bed . unmistakeably and utterly dead . nancy press against the wall , then contort and choke . glen ( contd ) ( numb ) I ... I be gonna call the cop -- he burst from the room . 35 . tight on nancy . she turn away from the body in repulsion , 35 . stick she head through the shattered window rod lane use for he escape , suck in the cold night air and moan . fade to black 36 . ext / int . police station . night . 36 . fade up on red light and siren as a unmark police car speed to the curb . lt don thompson , a decent-look man in he mid - 40' , exit and punch a cigarette from he pack . his shake aide , a uniform patrolman name parker , greet he . ( camera follows they from the car straight into the station and eventually to thompson' office . ) parker Lieutenant Thompson . sorry to wake you , but -- lt thompson I would have can you ass if you have not . what you get ? parker stumble to open the door for thompson as the man bull into the station at a furious pace . parker her name be Tina Gray . it be she home . Father abandon ten year ago , mother 's in Vegas with a boyfriend . we be try to reach she now . lt thompson grimace as if he know the story . lt thompson what 's the coroner get to say ? parker something like a razor be the weapon , but nothing find on the scene . thompson be already to the desk officer sergeant garcia . the big man shove he a sheaf of papers -- sergeant garcia ( wary ) leautenant . you know who -- lt thompson where be she ? sergeant garcia I put she in you office ... parker scurries after . parker look like she boyfriend do it . Rod Lane . musician type , arrest for brawling , dope -- lt thompson terrific . what the hell be she do there ? parker she live there . lt thompson omit 37 . I do not mean she -- omit 37 . 38 . int . interrogation room . night . 38 . thompson enter he office and confront nancy and she mother , marge simson . lt thompson ( contd ) I mean you . ( accusingly , to marge ) what the hell be she do there ? marge simson be in she middle thirty ; a good-look woman despite the hour and circumstance . marge hello to you , too , Donald . thompson stop , the steam suddenly out of he . the girl be a wreck and he wince to see it . lt thompson marge . thompson glance at parker and the other uniformed cop who be in the room . as a man they head for the door . there 's no question who the boss be here . thompson turn to nancy . she fumble a smile . lt thompson ( contd ) how you do , pal ? nancy okay . hi , dad . nancy 's dress be dark with dry blood , she skin clammy and the color of paste . marge shoot she ex-husband a worried glance . thompson pull a chair close to nancy . lt thompson I do not want to get into this now , god know you need time . ( hotter ) but I would sure would like to know what the hell you be do shack up with three other kid in the middle of the night -- especially a delinquent lunatic like Lane . nancy weave . nancy Rod 's not a lunatic . lt thompson you get a sane explanation for what he do ? the girl be shredd a kleenex , stare off . marge apparantly he be crazy jealous . Nancy say they would have a fight , Rod and Tina . nancy ( quietly ) it be not that serious ... marge maybe you do not think murder 's serious -- nancy sit bolt upright in she chair , she eye flash . nancy she be my best friend ! do not you dare say I do not take she death seriously ! ( lower , near tear ) I just mean they fight be not that serious . the girl hold the woman 's eye a moment , then look away . nancy ( contd ) ( to herself ) she dream this would happen ... lt thompson what ? nancy she have a nightmare about somebody try to kill she , last night . that 's why we be there ; she be afraid to sleep alone . a tear splashes off the arm of she chair . marge she 's be through enough for one night . you have she statement . the mother and daughter rise ; thompson rap on the door and parker open it . lt thompson ( to marge ) I suggest you keep a little better track on she -- she 's still a kid , y'know . marge wheel on he . marge you think I know there be boy there !? you try raise a teenager alone . then she and the girl be go . thompson glare at parker . lt thompson ( low to parker ) see they get home okay . parker shove he hand in he pocket . on he face we fade to black 39 . int . nancy'' kitchen . morning . 39 . burn on the second day fade up on marge simson open a new bottle of gin , pour herself a careful shot , drink it , then chase it with coffee . nearby a tv drone the morning news . we can not yet see the screen . tv newscaster ( os / filter ) in the headline this morning -- a local teenage girl be brutally murder during a all - night party . marge turn , startle , see nancy come downstairs . the girl look a little better than she do in the Police Station , but she eye be still red-rimme , and a vacant stress mask she face . she look to the tv . stop . tv newscaster ( contd ) Police say the victim , fifteen - year - old Christina grey , have quarrel earlier with she boyfriend , Rod Lane , a punk rocker with a history of delinquency . Lane be now the subject of a city - wide manhunt . accord to -- 39a . the tv picture have begin feature a handheld newsreel shot of a dark rubber body bag be carry to a coroner' van . just before the thing be lift inside , tina be bloody , white arm slip from its zippere side and loll into the dark night air . a man rudely shove it back inside and pull the zipper up the rest of the way . 39b . wider -- as nancy pale visible . marge dart to the tv and slap it off , then turn to nancy . she look at the girl a moment , then go to she and hug she . marge ( kind ) where you think you be go ? nancy School . marge I could hear you toss and turn all night , kiddo . you have no business go to school . nancy pull away , determine . nancy I gotta go to school , mom. please . otherwise I will just sit up there and go crazy or something . marge study she face a moment . marge do you sleep ? nancy I will sleep in study hall , promise . I would rather keep busy , you know ? she absently drain the woman 's coffee cup -- then peck she cheek . marge right home after . nancy ( cont would ) right home after . see you . marge watch the girl disappear outside , then light a cigarette from the one already burn in she finger . 40 . ext . STREET . day . 40 . music slip back in , subtle but tense as we track with nancy as she walk alone down a sidewalk edge with thick flowering oleander . she cock she head , puzzle , as if sense something . music mount . nancy look across the street . 40a . reverse in her Pov . a man be over there in dark clothes , read 40a . a newspaper , but really watch she . 40b . nancy shrug and continue on , then stop and look back again . 40b . 40c . in her Pov we see the man be go . 40c . 40d . next moment -- with a music sting -- a bloodied hand jump out 40d . from the opposite direction , clamp over nancy be mouth and drag she into the bush . 41 . ext . bushes . day . 41 . nancy struggle , twist against the powerful assailant . a wider angle reveal rod lane -- barefoot , clad only in jeans and leather jacket , still cake with dark blood . the rest of he skin be pale as a ghost 's . rod I be not gonna hurt you . he release she warily . nancy make no move to run or scream , even though several student pass on the nearby sidewalk . this reassure rod just a little . rod you old man think I do it , do not he ? nancy he do not know you . ( eyeing the blood ) could not you change ? rod the cop be all over my house . ( shiver ) they will kill I for sure . nancy nobody 's gonna kill you . he run he hand down he face , try to believe that . the two study each other . rod I never touch she . nancy you be scream like crazy . nancy say this without accusation , just cool observation . rod someone else be there . nancy the door be lock from you side . rod grab she hard . his muscular body tense . rod do not look at I like I be some kind of fuck fruitcake or something , I be warning you . voice ( o.s. ) Morning , Mr. Lane . 42 . the boy jerk around . nancy 's father , he .38 levele right at 42 . rod 's belly , ease out of the bush . lt thompson now just step away from she , son . like you ass depend on it . I be warning you . rod back away , look once at nancy with a look of terrible sadness . then he dive out of the bush and run like hell . thompson snap he revolver to fire -- but instinctively nancy jump between -- nancy no ! thompson jerk he gun into the air , furious . thompson Jesus -- be you crazy !? he plunge past the girl . 42a . ext . STREET . day . 42a . rod race like a frighten animal across the lawn -- but be soon cut off by the planeclothesman nancy see watch she before -- and then two uniformed policeman , who close from another angle . the chase be short and pitifully off - balance , and rod be soon wrestle to the ground . next moment one of the cop be hold rod be knife into the air for thompson to see . thompson look at nancy , as if to say ' I tell you . ' background , rod' shout can be hear as he 's shove into a squad car . rod ( o.s. ) I do not do it -- ! ( fade ) I do not kill she , Nancy ! the car 's door slam and rod be go . nancy turn to she father , livid . nancy you use I , daddy ! lt thompson ( exasperate ) what the hell you do go to school today , anyway -- you mother tell I you do not even sleep last night ! nancy spin angrily and walk away . lt thompson Nancy ! hey ! but she just keep go . fade to black 43 . int . classroom . day . 43 . fade up on a english teacher and CLASS , nancy among the kid , try to concentrate . teacher accord to Shakespeare , there be something operate in nature , perhaps inside human nature itself , that be rotten -- a canker , as he put it . the teacher be eye glance across the room . angle on nancy ; yawn but listen . teacher ( contd ) of course hamlet 's response to this , and to he mother 's lie , be to continually probe and dig -- just like the gravediggers -- always try to get beneath the surface . the same be true in a different way in julius caesar . jon , go ahead ... she nod to a surfer who 's be wait uncomfortably in front of the class . he squint at he book and begin , the recitation a struggle between baked and salted brain and the poetry of the bard . surfer ( read aloud ) uh , in the most high and palmy state of Rome ... wiseguy student ( o.s. ) California 's the most high and palmy state , man . the surfer halt with a grin ; kide snicker . english teacher can it . she glare they back into silence . the surfer start over , as we CUT to nancy . she 's nodd off now , barely able to keep she eye open in the warm , close boredom of the classroom . surfer ( o.s. ) in the most high and palmy state of Rome , a little ere the mightiest julius fall ... ( nancy 's head pitch forward ; she jerk it back up , barely awake ) the grave stand tenantless , and the sheeted dead do squeak and gibber in the Roman street ... 44 . nancy 's head have sink again , eyelid draw as if by enormous 44 . weight . by the time she cheek 's against the desk , the surfer' voice be echoed and distant . but another voice , tina be , be very near , very much present . a sad , thin plaint . tina ( o.s. ) Nancy . nancy give a start . her eye lock onto something . 45 . reverse . tilted sideways , in her head Pov , we look straight 45 . out through the open doorway of the classroom into the hall . there , stand in a black pool of fluid , be a full - size rubber body bag . Dark red and yellow . weaving slightly , the merest suggest of movement within it . 46 . back on nancy , sit upright , wiping the sleep from she eye , 46 . shaking she head like a punchy prozefighter . she look back out the door . 47 . reverse in ' normal ' Pov -- the hallway be empty . but there 's a 47 . dark smear on its floor tile . 48 . nancy look nervously towards the rest of the class . no one else 48 . have notice a thing outside the door . all be dumbly spellbound by the surfer , who now recite like a deep -voice robot , he face wreathe by white hair . surfer o God , I could be bound in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space , be it not that I have bad dream ... 49 . angle back on nancy . she slip from she seat , eye warily on the 49 . teacher and class . but no one turn as she disappear through the doorway . 50 . int . school hallway . day . 50 . nancy turn and look both direction . no sign of anybody . tina ( o.s. ) ( distant ) Nancy . nancy wheel and see the bag , prone on the tile at the far end of the hall , at the end of a long snail 's trail of slime . a pale hand thrust out of it . a moment later , as if pull by invisible gravity , the bag slide out of sight into a intersect corridor . nancy Tina ! nancy start run for it . 51 . angle at the corner as nancy race blindly around the turn and 51 . smashes straight into a body lung at she from the opposite direction ! both go down . 52 . angle at the floor . a daze freshman hallguard crank herself up 52 . on one elbow . she wear a plastic plaque on she red and yellow sweater that read ' Hall Guard ' . her nose be bleed from the impact . hallguard y - you be not suppose to run . w-where 's you pass -- you get a pass ? nancy leap up -- nancy screw you stupid pass ! 53 . she turn -- see the body bag halfway down this darker , narrower 53 . hall , upright again . but just as she see it , it tip and pitch headlong through a doorway -- like some godawful rotten tree finally timber down . she can hear the sicken crunching of it fall down a long flight of stair . nancy run for it again . the hallguard stagger up foreground , bleed profusely from she eye and ear . hallguard hey , no run in the hall ! the hallguard raise she hand and we see it 's tip with long metal spike . reverse angle at the door as nancy run up . nancy turn to check out the hallguard . she 's vanish . nancy turn and look down through the open door . the music sweep through a strange , brood movement of string , mount towards the nightmare theme . 54 . int . a stairwell . 54 . nancy edge into the stairwell and look down . look like there 's a fire somewhere down there , from the way the orange light dance . but there 's only a low white noise . nancy Tina ? no answer . nancy start down the stair . 55 . int . boiler room . day . 55 . nancy come off the stair into a dank boiler room . the smear trail be there . it run behind a crack , red-hot boiler the size of a diesel locomotive . everything about the place feel dreadfully wrong , and the music be deep into the nightmare theme when it pause . tight on nancy . slow terror move into she face . there 's a low , sinister giggle . 56 . reverse in her Pov -- we see a tangle of pipe , shadow , and the 56 . taint fire of the huge boiler . then from behind this , deeply shadow but still identifiable , step tina 's killer . the same filthy red and yellow sweater and slouch hat , the same melt face twist into a smile , the same garble laugh as he slide the long blade from beneath he shirt and fan they on the end of he bony finger . nancy who be you ? man gonna get you . 57 . the leer man bring the bloody scalpel - fingernails across 57 . he own chest , split a nipple . yellow fluid pour out . maggot and worm . nancy forget the question -- jerk around and flee in blind panic into the first open she see -- a dark pipe tunnel . 58 . int . pipe tunnel . 58 . angle in the narrow passageway . in the background the killer shamble towards she ; foreground nancy break into a run . the killer sprint -- nancy tear ahead into darkness . she flee deeper and deeper into the labyrinth of steaming , sizzling pipe , squeezing through smaller and smaller opening . the killer be just yard behind she , and soon she 's trap , just as tina be before she . she press she back to the wet brick . there 's no hope of fight he off , for nancy be not as strong as tina . but she be smart as hell , and think even in this nightmare . so by the time the creep have raise he knife to strike , nancy have realize something . she wheel and shove she arm against one of the scalding steam pipe . in the sme split second we hear she flesh scald , we CUT to : 59 . int . english CLASS . day . 59 . nancy lurch up scream , arm raise to ward off the invisible blow , book clatter to the floor -- other girl nearby scream in surprise as she stumble over they . then she stop , confuse and groggy from the nightmare . wider angle . everybody be stare at nancy as if she 's go mad . the english teacher rush over , herself frighten by the terror in the girl 's eye . teacher okay -- okay , Thompson ! every - thing 's all right now -- Nancy !. 60 . nancy jerk around with panicked eye , expect the killer to 60 . leap from any direction . but there 's only the sea of stare eye . nancy begin methodically pick up she book . teacher I will call you mother . nancy no ! no , really , I be fine . I will go straight home . I be okay . she march for the door . teacher you will need a hall pass ! but the girl 's go . 61 . ext . the school . day . 61 . nancy walk out of the building , shake . then she pause at one of the big pine tree out front , stop and rest she head against its bark , tooth set . nancy start to shake , and next second she 's sobbing like a broken-hearted , frighten child . omit 61a . omit 61a . 62 . but she shake herself silent . wipe the tear away with a slash 62 . of sleeve . she rub she arm absently , lose in think , then react in surprise and pain . she lift she arm and stare at the spot she 's touch . insert on her arm and the burn there ; about the size and shape of a half - dollar . wider on nancy . utterly , chillingly confuse . 62a . tina , against the tree inch from nancy , ( sc 7 ) -- turn to she and say -- tina could not get back to sleep at all . ( beat ) what you dream ? 63 . ext . a busy STREET . day . 63 . nancy be walk quickly , head erect , jaw set . then she enter she father 's Police Station . 64 . int . van nuy police station . day . 64 . nancy cross directly to the garcia . nancy my dad here ? garcia look up from he paperwork . sergeant garcia Lieutenant . lt thompson emerge from another room , uneasy to see nancy . lt thompson decide to take a day off after all ? nancy dad , I want to see Rod Lane . thompson do not miss a beat . lt thompson only family allow , Nancy . you know the drill . nancy just want to talk to he a second . lt thompson he 's dangerous . nancy you do not know he do it . lt thompson no , I know , thanks to you own testimony , that he be lock in a room with a girl who go in alive and come out in a rubber bag . nancy flinch ; she father show the first sign of color in he neck . nancy I just want to talk to he . ( beat , lower ) please , dad . thompson shift almost imperceptibly towards garcia , then turn back to nancy . lt thompson make it fast . dissolve to : 65 . int . cell area . day . 65 . a guard exit push a cart of food trays . nancy wait warily until he 's go , then look back to rod lane . rod look more like a capture coyote than a human ; haggard , ribbed , expect poison bait . his hair be wet , he clothes be borrow jeans and work shirt . nancy ( low ) and then what happen ? rod I tell you . ( reluctantly ) it be dark , but I be sure there be someone else in there , under the cover with she . nancy react . nancy how could somebody get under the cover with you guy without you know it ? rod how the fuck do I know ? ( beat ) I do not expect you to believe I . nancy study he encrypt eye . surprisingly , she look like she just might believe he . she lean closer with a new think . nancy what he look like ? you get a look at he ? he look away . rod no . nancy well then how can you say somebody else be there ? rod because somebody cut she . while I watch . now the place be so quiet you can hear heartbeat . nancy somebody cut she while you watch and you do not know what he look like ? rod smile a insane smile , stick with a reality no one will buy . rod you could not see the fucker . you could just see the cut happen , all at once . nancy give a twitch . nancy what you mean ' all at once ' ? rod ( low ) I mean , it be as if there be four razor cut she at the same time . but invisible razor . she just ... open up ... by now he 's pick at a clot of dark blood on he jacket , as if it be a scab on he own body . then he catch nancy watch and turn away to the back of the cell . he smashes he fist into the wall -- bone-crush blow that scare the wit out of nancy . nancy Rod ! he stop , and he fist be drip blood as he say in a small , sad voice . rod I probably could have save she if I would move sooner ... but I think it be just another nightmare , like the one I have the night before . ( beat ) there ... be this guy who have knife for finger ... close on nancy , unable to swallow the gorge rise in she throat . rod turn to she , and to he surprise she 's ashen . rod ( contd ) do you think I do it ? nancy no . fade to black 66 . ext . elm STREET / nancy'' home . night . 66 . fade up on establishing shot as a spooky wind set a dog barking down the block . a car go by , then this pleasant residential street fall into silence . camera have move in on nancy 's well - tend two -story home . 67 . int . nancy'' kitchen . night . 67 . the house be in shadow . alone , marge scrape the last of the evening 's dish and slip they into the dishwasher . neither she nor she daughter have touch the food . but marge be well into a bottle of gin ; she appetite for that be grow , right along with she dread . she turn and look up the stair , call . marge Nancy , do not fall asleep in there . nancy ( os ) I will not . marge get into bed . 68 . int . upstair bathroom . night . 68 . nancy I will . nancy be in the tub , so drowsy she can hardly rinse without fall asleep . the water in the tub be opaque with sud . luxurious . closer angle , at water level on nancy . her eye droop . she slide closer to the surface of the water , let its heat sooth she nerve . her eye stare straight up , glaze ; she breathe deepen . reverse , across to she leg , crooked , one knee on each side of the tub . there 's a ripple in the water between . then something tiny and shiny break the surface between they . it pop up with a slithering music cue and catch a sliver of light . then it begin to rise . Higher and higher it rise , soon accompany by another , then two more shine , gleam blade , and then the full glove and dark hairy hand and then the wrist and arm , straight up light a evil sapling between the girl 's knee , the knife bloosome into a bright flower of razor sharp steel in the air , move over the girl 's belly . the hand rear back , the claw arch to strike . marge ( os / approaching ) Nancy ? marge rap on the door . the instant she do nancy jerk up , open she eye groggily . the dark wet arm , hand and knife be go . nancy what ? marge ( os ) ( through the door ) you be not fall asleep , be you ? you could drow , you know . nancy mother , for petesake . marge ( os ) it happen all the time . ( brighter ) I have get some warm milk all ready for you . why do not you jump into bed ? ( fade ) I be gonna turn on you electric blanket , too . c'mon , now . ( then she 's go into another room ) nancy ( low ) warm milk . Gross . she slide down to water level again , and sing softly , thoughtfully to herself . nancy ( contd ) one , two , freddie 's come for you , three four , better lock you door , five six , grab you crucifix , seven eight gonna stay up late , nine ten , never sleep again ... the next instant she 's jerk with incredible violence straight down beneath the surface of the tub -- as if the bottom have suddenly drop out and she be in a bottomless well ! 68a . ext . underwater shot . night . 68a . looking up past her ankle we see nancy pull sharply down into really deep water , the dim light of the surface and bathroom beyond recede with each yank . and yet she somehow flail and gasp and struggle back towards the surface , manage by pure panic to break the surface with she hand ! 68b . int . hallway outside bathroom . 68b . marge rush to the door and listen , alarmed at the wild splashing audible through the lock door . marge Nancy ! nancy ! 68c . ext . underwater shot . night . 68c . marge' voice reach to the girl , who thrust up through main force and break the surface with she head and shoulder . 68d . int . bathtub . 68d . gasp and choke , nancy break the surface of she bathwater , like a drown sailer get one last chance . her mother 's voice boom over she , echoed and frantic -- and the loud banging on the door finally open she eye . she turn and call gasp to she mother -- nancy mommy ! reverse on the door -- as marge , use the old hangar through the doorhandle truck , make it into the room . she rush across to the tub . nancy be staggering up in the bathwater , again with solid porcelain beneath she foot . marge I tell you ! hundred of people a year drow like that ! the mother throw a towel around the gasp girl , help she from the tub and begin drying she like a child . nancy look like she 's like paralize with some sort of weird dread . marge you okay ? nancy great marge ( not believe it for a minute ) to bed with you , c'mon . marge rush out to get the room ready . nancy turn and look at herself in the cabinet mirror , then open the medicine chest and begin a quick , furtive search . closer as she take out the box of no doz and slip it into she robe . omit scs . 69 & 70------------------------------- omit scs . 69 & 70 71 . int . hallway . night . 71 . nancy emerge from the bathroom yawn . marge follow as the girl plod obediently to she room . marge no television , forget the homework , no phone call . nancy no , mother . yes , mother . no , mother . 72 . int . nancy'' room . night . 72 . marge and no school tomorrow , either . you take a little vacation , relax and rest for a change . nancy yes , mother . g'night . marge offer a smile , and a little yellow pill . marge take this , it will help you sleep . nancy right . nancy pop it in she mouth and swallow obediently . marge lean to she with a kiss . marge sleep tight , do not let the bedbug bite . marge go out , relieved . nancy close the door , lean against it and spit the pill into she hand . she toss it straight out she window and take a nodoz . fade to black 73 . omit omit 73 . 74 . fade up on insert of television screen . 74 . a monster movie in black and white . no SOUND from the set . 75 . pull back to reveal nancy propped up in bed , furtively watch . or 75 . be she just think ? a bedside clock read 12:45 pm . the girl yawns . she shake herself violently and sit up straighter , force herself to concentrate on the movie . 75a . on the television screen . a diver struggle to keep face a 75a . large circle shark . 75b . on nancy . her eye droop shut -- then she jerk awake , rattling 75b . she head as if it be a radio drift off station . she tumble out of bed , throw open the window and take a deep breath of the cool night air . 76 . ext . nancy'' house and STREET . night . 76 . high angle , at second - story level . nancy look directly across the street to a light , open window . its curtain , suck out and wave in the night breeze , give the only motion to the desert street . then someone pitch out of the dark at she . nancy give a yelp -- then clamp she hand over she mouth as she recognize glen , balanced precariously on the rise trellis outside she window . glen sorry ! saw you light on . think I would see how you be . she get herself together , barely . nancy sometimes I wish you do not live right across the street . glen shut up and let I in . you ever stand on a rise trellis in you bare foot ? 76a . int . nancy'' room . night . 76a . nancy look over she shoulder to make sure she mother have not hear . glen 's already through she window and plant on she bed . nancy point to a chair . nancy if you do not mind . glen cross to the chair and plop down . glen so . I hear you freak out in English class today . there 's no maliciousness in he voice , and the familiar frankness be actually comforting to nancy . nancy guess I do . glen have not sleep , have you ? nancy not really . nancy try to smile , but can not fake it very well . glen look she over . glen you look dead and rain on , if you want the ugly truth . and what you do to you arm ? she shrug , try to keep it casual . nancy burn myself in englsh class . she hazard a look in the mirror , and she jaw drop . nancy m'god , I look twenty year old . ( turn back to he ) you have any weird dream last night ? glen slept like a rock . nancy ( pleased ) well at least I have a objective wall to bounce this off . ( off ) you believe it 's possible to dream about what 's go to happen ? glen no . nancy you believe in the boogey man ? glen one two , freddie 's come for you ? no. Rod kill Tina . he 's a fruitcake and you know it . nancy you believe in anything ? glen I believe in you , I , and rock and Roll . and I be not too sure about you lately . nancy think . nancy listen , I get a crazy favor to ask . glen uh-oh ... nancy it 's nothing too hard or anything . ( beat ) I be just go to ... look for someone , and ... I want you to be sort of a ... guard . okay ? glen make the twilight Zone sound . nancy okay ? glen okay , okay . ( beat ) I think . she come very close to he . nancy you will not screw up , right ? I mean , a whole lot might depend on it . the way she 's look at he give he the creep . glen okay , I will not screw up . 77 . Nancy take a deep breath . then without another word turn off 77 . the tv and the light . glen ( in dark ) Jesus , it 's dark in here . nancy shhh . now listen , here 's what we be gonna do ... 78 . ext . elm STREET . night . 78 . fade up on nancy , still in she pajamas , walk through the shadowy street near she home , listen for the slight sound . we move with she . but nothing , not even the dog bark earlier , be there now . nancy peer into the darkness of lawn and tree behind she . nancy ( stage whisper ) you still there ? across the street and a distance away , glen step from behind a tree . glen yeah . so ? nancy just check -- keep out of sight ! glen throw up he hand in exasperation and walk back out of sight . nancy turn and look down between the house , deep into a dark alleyway . then she force herself to walk into it . 79 . ext . alley . night . 79 . moving with her as she make herself go deeper and deeper into shadow . each time she pause and wait , the music grow more threaten and expectant . the feel be of immense tension -- we be sure the killer will come scream out on she at any second . but he do not . in fact absolutely nothing happen , and nancy emerge from the far end of the alley unscathed . the only thing strange be that she now find she self look across the mall to 80 . ext . police station . night . 80. the Police Station . it take she a little by surprise , it just seem to have appear . music creep into the nightmare theme as nancy whisper hoarsely back down the dark alley . nancy ( contd ) still there ? 81 . ext . alley . night . 81. we only hear the distant voice , slightly echoed . glen' voice ( os ) ( yawn ) still here ! nancy on you toe , right ? nancy stare into the dark try to see he , but she can not . she turn back and make up she mind to move without he in sight . 82 . ext . police station . night . 82. music mount as we move with nancy across the lawn to the police station , creep to the first light window she see . it 's a low , bar basement window , and nancy react as soon as she look through it . 83 . int . rod' cell . night . 83. nancy'' Pov down into rod lane 's cell . the boy be on he rough cot , twitching in disturb sleep . and a long shadow be slide across the wall . a big shape appear in the shadow corridor outside the boy' cell , and as it walk closer nancy can barely see it 's the shambling , grimly scar man with the filthy red and yellow sweater and strange slouch hat pull across he brow . the killer from all of they nightmare . and this giant shadow of a man pass through the bar of the cell , like so much evil jello . halfway through he pause , turn to check over he shoulder . we see the bar clearly penetrate he body , go in he head , pass out he ankle . then he turn back to rod and move forward , and within another heartbeat be beside the boy . 84 . ext . police station . night . 84. nancy draw back sharply , swallow in terror . she look behind she for help . nancy ( contd ) Glen . no answer . nancy ( contd ) ( louder ) Glen ?! the street be absolutely desert . there be no motion , and no sound save one : the distant but unmistakeable sound of glen snoring . nancy ( contd ) glen ! a beat of silence after the shout 's echoe die , then the steady , boyish snore again . nancy swear under she breath and jerk back around , force herself to look again into rod 's cell . 85 . int . rod' cell . 85 . in her Pov -- the killer pick up rod 's bedsheet and test it between he powerful hand . without think , nancy bang against the glass . nancy ( contd ) Rod ! look out ! the killer wheel around , lock eye with nancy . the girl go white . the man 's face be in the light , and it 's horrible -- seethe with hatred and a twisted , insane intelligence . the hold of that eye be only break when rod roll up on a elbow with a deep , troubled groan . the instant rod do this , the killer fade into the shadow in the cell . but even then he eye hold on nancy 's until the last second he 's visible . rod look around the cell groggily , run he finger through he matte hair , then collapse back on he pillow . no matter how hard nancy scream , rod never once look at the window . he just pull the twisted cover about he shoulder and succumb once more to sleep . and now the bed sheet be no longer on the bed . the killer , materialize out of the shadow again , be hold it between he hand like a garrote . he look up and leer at nancy , then move for rod . 86 . ext . police station . night . 86 . angle back on nancy . she pound on the window , then turn in frustration and yell into the night . nancy Glen !! she turn back to the cell in desperation . 87 . omit omit 87 . 88 . int . rod' cell . 88. in nancy'' Pov we look into a cell that be quite desert save for rod . sleep peacefully . 89 . ext . police station . night . 89 . nancy pull back from the window , stunne . nancy I swear ... suddenly nancy feel utterly expose . she shiver , chill and vulnerable to the bone in she thin night clothes . she can not move . it 's as if some great nerve between she instinct and body have be severe . and she hear the SOUND behind she . a sort of fill - vibrate scrriiitchh . music sneak in -- the unmistakeable nightmare theme , creep over she . nancy force herself , by sheer will , to look . 90 . ahead of she perhaps twenty - five foot , cover with a thick 90 . plastic body bag through which we can barely see she face , be tina . stand square in the middle of the street . a dark ooze of black eel roil out of its bottom , and at its top , the zipper chatter down and the greenish - white face of tina loll out . she gesture , supplicate , she watery eye desperate to convey some desperate message . the music fall to a hush . 91 . nancy back away , eye stream tear . 91 . nancy Glen , where be you ! wake up ! Glen ! deep ragged voice I be here . nancy twist around in horror at the same instant the killer grab for she face with he knife- finger ! the girl intinctively pitch back , then scramble up and run like hell ! nancy Glen ! Glen !!! 92 . ext . elm STREET . night . 92 . moving with nancy at full gallop , run blind . she crash through a sawhorse into a new sidewalk , sink into the wet cement over she ankle . the stuff stick to she leg in long gluey glob and she can barely pull she foot loose . the killer loom nearby , mock she -- he scalpel claw gleam in the streetlight . he just miss the girl as she wrench free and flee again , now so wind she can only stagger . moving with they . time after time nancy just barely manage to elude the shadowy form , leaping from he reach by inch and pour on more steam . it 's too close to even bother scream now ; and besides , that would take breath she do not have . the only SOUND be of running footstep , rasping breath and the knife - finger whistling through the air . 93 . ext . nancy'' home . night . 93 . nancy tear across she front lawn and into the open front door of she home , slamming it with all she might . there 's a tremendously satisfy concussion of wood against doorframe , and the lock fall shut . 94 . int . nancy'' live room . night . 94 . nancy glennn !!! but she voice be garble as if she 's under water , and there 's no answer . the only clue to Glen be there at all be he distant snoring . innocent . persistent . deep . nancy stop , breath in shred , face smear with dirt and tear . something be claw the window in the dark of the kitchen . nancy look and catch the man pry at the glass with he big knife - finger , the sharp blade sizzling against the edge of the glass as they crack it away from the frame . nancy run upstairs in blind panic . 95 . int . nancy'' room . night . 95 . nancy dart into she unlit bedroom , slam the door and lock it . safe at last . she listen at the door . nothing . she cross to she bed . next second the killer dive through she window and seize she in a shower of shattered glass ! nancy twist and manage to grab the wrist of he knife hand with both of hers , barely keep the blade from she throat . the two fall backwards in a terrible , gasp struggle , crash onto nancy 's bed . her grip be break -- the man stab -- nancy twist away , back into a corner of bed and wall . defenseless , she snatch a pillow up ; the killer lash out -- disembowel the pilow and send a great gush of feather fly . nancy dive for escape in a virtual blizzard . the killer manage to snare she with he other hand , and the two crash across the bedside table to the floor , the table and all its content cascade around they in a whiteout of feather . angle at floor level -- close on nancy'' and the killer' head . the blade inch towards the girl 's face -- the drool of the grizzle shadow with the horribly scarr face spill into she eye . feather be everywhere ; music be absolutely insane ! but just when the point of steel be less than a inch from she eye , the old fashioned alarm clock throw to the floor next to nancy 's head go off with a jarring ringgggggg ! 96 . instantly the music stop . and a moment later the room be 96 . light . wider as nancy reel up , blind by the sudden light , scream and fighting on she bed . angle on glen , lurching from he own sleep at the frightening noise . he discover nancy press in terror against she headboard , clutching a pillow like a drown woman would a straw . it 's a intact pillow , and there be not a feather in sight . nancy stare incredulously at glen , then around the room , untangle herself from she bedclothes . wary and furious , she voice hoarse . nancy Glen , you bastard ... the boy look at he friend in groggy alarm . she 's absolutely livid , more angry than he 's ever see she , and more strange . glen what I do ? he reach for she -- she flatten against the wall , eye hard , and terribly hurt , too . nancy ( low ) I ask you to do just one thing . just stay awake and watch I -- just wake I if it look like I be have a bad dream . ( eye wild ) but you . you shit -- what do you do -- you fall asleep ! she stop herself , wiping a bit of spittle off she lip , alarmed at how out of control she 's become . and suddenly she break , sink into she tear bedclothes and rub she head . nancy ( contd ) ( mostly to herself ) I must be go nut ... marge ( os ) Nancy ? her mother 's door open os . glen oh , shit . nancy compose she voice as best she can . nancy yes , mother ? marge 's flip - flop approach outside the door . glen barrel out the window -- nancy dive for the bed , jam off the light and disappear under the cover . marge , bleary eye herself , open the door and flick on the light . marge ( beat ) you okay ? nancy ( weakly ) yeah . just have a little dream . I be fall right back to sleep . marge ( beat ) okay ... you need anything , just call . nancy okay . marge close the door . nancy immediately sit up and look at the window . a single bone - white feather float down in the moonlight . then it 's suck outside and be go . 97 . ext . police station . night . 97 . glen 's cadillac convertable careen into the parking lot and screech to a stop . glen and nancy jump out and head for the station . glen you mind tell I what 's go on ? nancy 's race into the station without answer . glen ( contd ) oh , I see . that make it all perfectly clear . 98 . int . police station . night . 98 . nancy go straight to the sergeant 's desk . nancy Garcia , I want to see Rod Lane again . garcia wince . sgt garcia I think when I take the night shift I would have peace and quiet for a change . nancy it 's urgent , we have gotta see Rod . sgt garcia it 's three in the morning . you mother know you be out this late ? nancy ( fake it ) of course -- look , at least go back and look at he . just see if he 's okay . garcia glance at glen . glen ( fake it ) we have reason to think there might be something weird go on . lt thompson ( os ) oh , no argument on that . nancy jump around at the sound of she father 's voice . lt thompson emerge from he office , rumple and yawn . nancy dad -- what you do here ? lt thompson it so happen I work here , and there 's a unsolve murder . I do not like unsolve murder , especially one my daughter 's mix up in -- what be you do here at this hour ? you be suppose to be get some sleep . glen listen , sir , this be serious . Nancy have a nightmare about Rod be in danger , or something , and so she think ... he trail off , loose it under lt thompson 's glare . besides , he do not know exactly what the hell 's really go on himself . garcia put he beefy hand on nancy 's shoulder . nancy I just want to see if he 's okay ! sgt garcia take my word for it , Nancy . the guy 's sleep like a baby . he 's not go anywhere . 99 . int . cell block . night . 99 . angle on rod in he cell . he 's asleep , all right , but not safely so . his bedsheet have come alive . it twitches , pulsate , then snake towards he throat . rod stir , the sheet fall still ; rod slip into deeper sleep , and the sheet move again , complete the noose around he neck ! 100 . int . book room . night . 100 . nancy make a move for the cell block -- nancy this be not you average nightmare , daddy -- damn it ! the door 's lock ; she haul on it in desperation . lt thompson now look , Nancy , do not push it . you have already rubbed my nose in sex , drug and violence -- do not start throw in insanity ! nancy take that one to heart . she wheel on he and plead , she intensity sober even to he . nancy just go back and check -- please ! the man take a beat , then shrug and nod towards sgt garcia . lt thompson okay , Garcia . what the hell . sgt garcia right ... ( feel in he pocket ) now where would I put the key ... he mumble back towards he desk . music build as we hold on nancy'' face . 101 . int . rod' cell . night . 101 . with a terrible SNAP rod 's sheet jerk tight around he neck . the startle teenager be haul upright -- eye pop , face purple . he claw at the sheet , but despite he strength he can not get he finger between the noose and he windpipe . he 's drag backwards across the cot . 102 . int . book room . night . 102 . garcia finally have the key . urge on by nancy he fumble with the lock . 103 . int . rod' cell . night . 103. rod be be drag backwards , gasp and struggle in vain against the powerful pull -- right across he cell and up the wall , too . he clutches blindly at he throat at the far end of the sheet coil around the bar of the high window . then there 's a powerful wrench of the sheet , and rod' neck snap . the kid 's body sag lifeless . 104 . angle through the bar as nany , glen , lt thompson and garcia 104 . appear in the corridor outside , the girl sprinting ahead . nancy Rod ! but it 's too late ; nancy sink back in horror as she father and garcia rush into the cell . lt thompson gimme a hand , dammit ! glen , pale as the sheet that 's kill rod , climb to the bar and unty the knot . rod slide down over the sergeant's shoulder , limp as a marrionette with its string slashed . sgt garcia goddamn loco kid -- he do not have t'do that -- madre dio ! they lay rod at nancy 's foot ; a strange pieta . nancy 's father look at she in spook suspicion . lt thompson how would you know he be gonna do this ? nancy say nothing . fade to black 105 . ext . forest lawn cemetery . day . 105 . burn on : the FOURTH day fade up on a stark afternoon . on a hill of sere grass overlook the valley , the casket of rod lane be lower into its grave . a small group of family and friend watch soberly as the minister raise he hand in benediction . minister ash to ash , dust to dust . May God be with this young man 's soul . on the face of marge , lt thompson , tina's mother and rod' parent . just for a second or two , in look too rapid for a outsider to even notice , this adult exchange look . furtive , quick glance that suggest a immense something that they all share , something beyond even this second death among they child . then they be all stare ahead again , as if the other be not even there . minister ( contd os ) his life and he death attest to the scripture 's warning that he who life by the sword shall die by the sword . angle on glen , watch -- nancy , stand alone , not believe it for a minute . minister ( contd os ) but let we recall also we Lord 's admonition that we ' judge not , lest we be judge . ' let we attempt only to love . and may Rod Lane rest in peace . nancy ( quietly ) amen to that much . the mourner walk away from the grave , marge among they . she pause near a man and two women in black -- tina's mother , rod' parent . they almost , it seem , speak . then marge hurry on . we move with her as she 's join by lt thompson . both be wear and on edge . thompson absently light another cigarette , offer one to marge . lt thompson how 's Nancy do ? marge I do not think she 's sleep since Tina die . ( shake she head ) she 's always be a delicate kid . thompson light she cigarette , attempt some sort of nonchalance . lt thompson she 's tougher than you think . any idea how she know Rod be gonna kill himself ? marge no . all I know be , this remind I too much of ten year ago . thompson blow a plume of smoke against the hard sky and look away . lt thompson yeah . well ... let 's not start digging up body just because we be in a cemetery . he give she a look that could cut stone . marge tose down she cigarete and cross to nancy . the girl be simply stare off over the valley . marge ( very gently ) time to go home , baby . she move she away from the brink of the hill . 106 . ext . cemetery parking area . day . 106 . marge open the door of the station wagon for nancy . nancy turn to they both , speak in a still , small voice . nancy the killer 's still loose , you know . she have a wild , cassandra aspect that send a chill right up marge be spine . lt thompson you say somebody else kill Tina ? who ? nancy smile a weird sort of smile . nancy I do not know who he be . but he 's burn , he wear a weird hat , a red and yellow sweater , real dirty , and he use some sort of knife he 's get make into a sort of ... glove . like giant finger - nail . as nancy have describe this monster from she dream , unseen by she , the face of marge lt and thompson have drain completely of color . lt thompson ( low , even , to marge ) I think you should keep Nancy at home a few day . ' til she 's really over the shock . marge I get something better ... ( to nancy ) I be gonna get you help , baby . so no one will threaten you any more . she take the girl by the arm and guide she into the car , lock the door from outside . nancy never take she eye from she father 's as the car bear she away . fade to black burn on : the fifth day 107 . ext . ucla school of medicine . day . 107 . fade up on ucla 's westwood campus and pan to sign : ucla school of medicine institute for the study of sleep disorder 108 . int . a laboratory sleeping chamber . 108 . a nurse apply sencor to the head , breast , arm , and finger of nancy thompson . the girl be lie on a simple broad cot , in she pajamas . the room be subdued in color and hold only this single bed . a large mirror set into one wall hide a observation room beyond . nancy but I just do not feel ... ready to sleep yet . please , do I have to ? 109 . wider , revealing dr SAMUEL king , a young , curly - haire internist ; 109 . intelligent and wry . he treat nancy at all time like a young adult , never patronize . he wink as the nurse finish . dr king do not worry , you be not gonna change into bride of frankenstein or anything . nancy manage a smile , but she 's haggard and visibly thin . marge , background , look downright distraught . dr king ( contd ) Nancy have any severe childhood illness ? scarlet fever ? High temperature -- concussion ? marge no , nothing . nancy he mean , do you ever drop I on my head . the doctor and girl share a nervous laugh ; marge do not even smile . dr king nightmares be expect after psychological trauma . do not worry , they go away . marge I sure as hell hope so . nancy I do not see why you could not just give I a pill to keep I from dream ... dr king everyone 's get to dream . if you do not dream , you go ... ( he drill he finger at he temple ) all set ? nancy no . marge they be just simple test , nan . we will both be right here . dr king look , I know it 's be fright - ening , I know you dream have seem real . but ... it 's okay . okay ? marge please , Nancy . trust we . the girl gauge she mother , the doctor , the situation very carefully . then lower she eye . nancy it 's not you I do not trust . it 's ... ( give up ) okay . let 's do it . greatly relieved , marge give nancy a goodnight kiss , then follow the doctor through a doorway near the mirror . as soon as she mother be out of sight , nancy be eye drift to the mirror itself . in its reflection she see herself look back , alone on the bed . dissolve to : 110 . int . the observation room . 110 . marge and dr king overlook nancy 's sleep chamber through the one - way mirror . and king monitor the girl even more closely with a bank of instrument -- a mass of glow dial , graph and meter . his manner with marge be slightly more sober . dr king how long 's this be go on ? marge since the murder . she be fine before that . dr king not to worry . no sign of path - ology in Nancy 's eeg or pulse rate . I would guess what we have get be a normal young girl who just happen to have go through two day of hell . marge it 's just make she think ... she dream be real ... king adjust a dial , watch the ekg like a hawk . dr king ever hear the old Buddhist tale about the King who dream he be a beggar who dream he be a king ? marge twitches . then there 's a slight alteration in the sound of the ekg . king nod in satisfaction . dr king ( contd ) okay , good . she 's asleep . marge ( immensely relieved ) thank god. music rise solemnly , majestically into a haunt transition as we dissolve to 111 . a montage of shot , of the ekg graph , its inky needle calming , 111 . of a meter trace the quieting of nancy 's pulse , and of other instrument , indicate life process we can only guess . all smoothing out . 112 . close on nancy on tv monitor , asleep like the child she be . 112 . innocent . marge light a cigarette , angry at she helplessness . marge what the hell be dream , anyway ? dr king Mystery . incredible body hookus pokus . Truth be we still do not know what they be or where they come from . as for nightmare ... ( lean closer ) do you know that in the last three year twenty philipino refugee in California die in the middle of nightmare ? not from heart attack , either . they just die . he give a " ah don ' know " shrug . marge look out into the sleep room . nancy be a motionless bundle in the middle of the bed . 113 . angle on a needle on a ekg dip to a lower read . 113. 114 . wider angle -- the mother and doctor watch . 114 . marge what happen ? that needle sink like a rock . dr king ( quietly ) she 's enter deep sleep now . heart rate 's a little high due to anxiety , but otherwise she 's nicely relaxed . all normal . she could dream at any time now . ( beat ) right now she 's like a diver on the bottom of a ocean no one 's mapped yet . wait to see what show up . 115 . int . the sleeping room . 115 . we can see nancy drift from the initial stage , over the brink into deep sleep . her hair fall into she eye ; she face relax ; she shoulder curl round she like comforter . the music deepen , and begin to hint at the tone of the nightmare theme . 116 . int . control room . day . 116 . dr king and marge watch the instrument ' every move . one of the machine begin a slight chirping . king scan it , like what he see . dr king okay , she 's start to dream . he lean forward in he chair , like a pilot start a instrument approach . marge thompson lick she dry lip , fight a turn of nausea . marge how can you tell ? dr king r.e.m.'s . rapid eye movement . the eye follow the dream -- they movement pick up on this -- he prod a dial with he pencil and scribbles the time on a note pad . dr king ( contd ) beta wave be slow , too . she 's dream , all right . a good one , too . marge watch the tv monitor . it 's in extra-close on nancy 's eye -- and they be darting beneath the lid , reacting to event lose behind a skein of flesh and neuron . king point to a move graph . a needle 's begin wave lazily between plus and minus three . the doctor nod , assure . dr king ( contd ) typical dream parameter . a nightmare , now , would be plus or minus five or six ; she 's just around three point -- he stop . outside , visible through the glass , nancy twist around . eye still close , she 's nevertheless hold she head in the attitude of prey listen to the first faint sound of the predator 's approach . marge look from she daughter to the doctor , color drain from she face . marge what the hell 's this ? she awake or asleep ? the needle of the graph give a jag pitch up , plunge , then surge well above the eight mark . a strange music cue -- disonant and threaten , creep in -- the nightmare theme slur into awful minor and weird disonance . king stare at the gauge in disbelief , rapping he finger on its glass . dr king can not be . it never get this high ... the needle swing even higher , benind . dr king ( contd ) Jesus H. Christ . he 's cut off by the high - pitch keening of the girl , the SOUND cut through the double thickness of the glass like a lasar . a warning beeper have begin , the instrument light up like a Christmas tree -- and outside in the sleep room , nancy be contort as if shot through with a thousand volt . king knock over he chair in he sprint for the door . 117 . int . sleeping room . 117 . the doctor and marge come in on the run -- nancy 's flail and scream as if the devil himself be after she . king grab she to shake she awake ; angle on nancy ( eye open ) -- look in terror -- SOUND echoed strangely . in her Pov -- dress in king be clothes -- the horribly scar man reach out . wider -- ( nancy'' eye close in sleep ) as the girl 's fist shoot out with incredible force and knock dr king fly ! the nurse and marge both descend on she -- and again in she sleeping Pov we see the man stagger for she . wider on nancy -- ( still in she nightmare ) -- fight like a tiger with both marge and the nurse -- send the nurse sprawling -- leave marge hang on for dear life . angle on the stunne doctor fumble with a hyperdermic needle , spilling most of the stuff on himself with he shaking hand -- the scream and curse of nancy be deafen and worthy of a stevador fight off he worst enemy . Stranger still , she hair be electrify , stand on end and grey before they very eye ! marge scream at the top of she lung . marge nancy !!! it be mom -- nancy !!!! some deep bolt of psychic power smack through the girl , and she eye flap open -- they be glaze with terror and fury , but open . nancy 's awake . she stare around like a cornere animal in the middle of the bed , she purple face gasp out gut - wrenching sob . the nurse and marge dare to go back in and hold the sweat - drench girl as dr king come for she with the needle . dr king now , this be just go to let you relax and sleep , nan -- with incredible swiftness , nancy backhand the hypodermic into a far wall , shatter it into a million piece . nancy no . that 's enough sleep . her eye be window straight into white fire as she lock into king be face . he dab he split lip , swallow painfully . dr king okay , kid . okay . Fair enough . he hold out he hand . nancy at last take it , and sag back into she pillow , exhaust . then king come up with blood on he hand . he stare at it , dumbfounded , then at the girl . across she leave forearm , a deep gash be bleed freely , as if make by a very sharp instrument . marge oh my god , oh my god ... dr king ( to the nurse ) get the kit ! the nurse scramble away as the doctor clap he hand over the wound . he look into nancy 's face . what he see frighten he even more : nancy be haunt , ghost - like eye turn from he to she mother , and a terrible , chill smile open across nancy 's white lip . nancy you believe this ? she pull she free arm from beneath the sheet and reveal a strange hat , filthy and wear -- the killer be hat . the sight of it frighten marge more than anything that 's come before . marge ( deathly pale ) where the hell do you get that ? nancy fix she with xray eye . nancy I grab it off he head . marge stare at the hat as if it hold she whole future , and she future be a horror . fade to black 118 . ext . nancy'' house . day . 118. burn on the sixth day fade up on nancy'' house , early morning . 119 . int . nancy'' kitchen . day . 119 . marge be on the telephone , the dirty hat in she hand . nearby be a nearly empty bottle of gin . marge she say she snatch it off he head in a dream . ( listen ) no , I be not crazy , I have get the damn thing in my hand ! ( listen ) I know we do , we all ... ( hear nancy approach ) gotta go . she hang up and stuff the hat and bottle into a drawer , screen the action with she body . nancy enter . by now the girl have a extraordinary look . her hair be ashen , she skin transluscent , and eye dark -ringe . her right forearm be heavily bandage over the slashes . in short , instead of the girl next door , we now could be look at the lunatic from the next cell . marge , though she do she best to hide it , be downright frighten of she . marge ( contd ) you do not sleep , do you ? the doctor say you have to sleep or you will -- nancy pour herself a cup of black coffee . nancy go even crazier ? marge I do not think you be go crazy -- and stop drink that damn coffee ! nancy do you ask daddy to have the hat examine ? marge I throw that filthy thing away -- I do not know what you be try to prove with it , but -- nancy come closer , she eye shine with a new sureness . nancy what I learn at the dream clinic , that 's what I be try to prove . Rod do not kill Tina , and he do not hang himself . it 's this guy -- he 's after we in we dream . marge but that 's just not reality , Nancy ! 120 . furious , nancy jank open the drawer before marge can stop she 120 . and spill the bottle and hat onto the counter . marge grab away the bottle protectively -- but it 's the hat nancy go for . she wave it triumphantly -- demonically . nancy it 's real , mamma . feel it . marge ( horrify ) put that damned thing down ! marge lunge for it -- nancy leap out of reach -- nancy his name be even in it -- write right in here -- Fred krueger -- Fred krueger ! you know who that be , mamma ? you better tell I , cause now he 's after I ! marge swallow , then persist in the lie . marge Nancy , trust you mother for once -- you will feel better as soon as you sleep ! nancy shoot a hard humorless laugh , hold up she slashed arm . nancy you call this feel better ? or should I grab a bottle and veg out with you -- avoid everything happen to I by just get good and load -- marge slap she hard . marge ( lose it ) Fred krueger can not be after you , Nancy -- he 's dead ! the room fall silent , both woman stare at the other . marge ( contd ) ( low , raw ) Fred krueger be dead . Dead and go . believe I , I know . now go to bed . I order you , go to bed . marge snatch the hat away . nancy be furious , betrayed . nancy you know about he all this time , and you have be act like he be someone I make up ! marge pull away . marge you be sick , Nancy . imagine thing . you need to sleep , it 's as simple as that . nancy wheel and smashes marge' bottle of gin in the sink . nancy screw sleep ! marge ( contd ) Nancy ! but nancy run past she mother for the front door . marge ( contd ) Nancy -- it 's only a nightmare ! nancy turn in the doorway . nancy that 's enough ! on the door slam , we CUT to 121 . ext . shakespeare bridge . day . 121 . angle on a neighborhood STREET . we hear glen 's voice and pan up to reveal nancy and glen high above , two tiny figure walk across this strange white bridge in old Los Angeles . camera begins a slow zoom . glen whenever I get nervous I eat . nancy and if you can not do that , you sleep . glen use to . not anymore . glen jam more Big mack into he face . by now we zoom reveal he 's attack a huge bag of Big mack , and furtively eyeing nancy . the girl 's hair be startlingly white in the sunlight . she 's read a book , hardly pay attention . glen ( contd ) you ever read about the balinese way of dream ? nancy no . glen they get a whole system they call ' dream skill ' . so , if you have a nightmare , for instance like fall , right ? nancy yeah . glen instead of scream and get nut , you say , okay , I be gonna make up my mind that I fall into a magic world where I can get something special , like a poem or song . ( grin hopefully ) they get all they art literature from dream . just wake up and write it down . dreamskills . he stop , see the look on nancy 's face . we zoom be much closer now , a wide medium , and still come in on the kid . nancy and what if they meet a monster in they dream ? then what ? glen they turn they back on it . ( grin hopefully ) take away its energy , and it disappear . nancy what happen if they do not do that ? glen ( shrug ) I guess that people do not wake up to tell what happen . nancy great . she lean over the railing , poke she face back into she book . glen tip its cover and read its title . our zoom be still moving closer , a medium close up now . glen ' booby traps and improvise anti-personel device ' ! nancy I find it at this neat survivalist bookstore on ventura . glen ( shocked ) well what you read it for ? our zoom lock in on a tight two on there face , nancy 's grimly determine . nancy I be into survival . she walk away , out of frame , leave glen watch after she in astonishment . glen she 's start to scare the live shit out of I . 122 . ext . elm STREET / nancy'' home / evening 122. angle across nancy'' " tree lawn " , the grass between the sidewalk and the street , in the general direction of glen 's home . this angle do not quite reveal Nancy 's house . foreground be a utility truck in which a half dozen Hispanic worker be load tool , extension cord and hardware . they look like they have put in one hell of a hard day 's work . marge appear and hand a check to the foreman of the crew , a white guy in clean coverall and a gold chain . he scrutinize it . foreman and the other ... marge fork over a wad of cash , hand tremble in she half - drunk , helpless rage . marge where 's you mask and gun ? the foreman count the money swiftly . foreman do not bust my chop , lady . if the city find out I put them in without inside release I would loose my license . he shove the money in he pocket and climb in he truck . marge exit frame for she house . pan with the truck as it pull away , then pick up nancy , walk across the street from the corner . alone. dispirite . she lift she eye to she home and stop in she track . nancy oh gross ... 123 . widening to reveal the house as nancy walk across she front 123 . yard . every single window have be cover with brand - new ornamental iron bar , bolt deeply into they frame . closer , at a window . nancy give a set of bar a powerful shake . they do not budge . then girl look up and see even the window to she second floor bedroom be bar . and the rise trellis have be rip down and heape at the foundation in a tangle of wood , thorns and break flower . 124 . int . marge' room . evening . 124 . angle on the doorway into the hall . easy listen music waft through the air . nancy appear in the doorway . nancy ( os ) Mom , what 's with the bar !? 125 . reverse to marge , propped against the headboard of she bed , a 125 . crooked shadow in the gloom . a fresh bottle of gin glint in she hand . nancy oh , Mom ... the girl cross and reach gently for the bottle . marge snatch it away . marge ' s'mine ... she rock the bottle in she arm . nancy what 's with the bar ? marge s'curity . nancy sit on the bed , a surprising compassion enter she voice . nancy Mom , I want to know what you know about Fred krueger . marge Dead and go . nancy I want to know how , where -- if you do not tell I , I be go to call daddy . marge give a laugh -- a rasp chachination from deep in she chest . marge ( contd ) you father the cop . that 's a good one . ( colder ) forget Fred krueger . you do not want to know , believe I . nancy I do want to know . he 's not dead and go -- he 's after I and if I sleep he will get I ! I have get to know ! marge blink at she a moment , then crack a terrible , crooked grin . marge all right . 126 . int . nancy'' cellar / night 126 . marge drag nancy headlong down the cellar stair and across the room with a crazy fury , twist she down near the foundation . and she thrust she face so close to she daughter 's that nancy reel from the alcohol . marge you want to know who Fred krueger be ? he be a filthy child killer who get at least twenty kid , kid from we area , kid we all know . it drive we all crazy when we do not know who be do it -- but it be even worse when they catch he . marge draw herself up with a shake . marge ( contd ) oh lawyer get fat and the judge get famous , but someone forget to sign the search warrant in the right place , and Fred krueger be free , just like that . nancy so he 's alive ? marge smile grimly . marge he would n've stop . the bastard would have get more kid first chance he get -- they find nearly ten body in he boiler room as it be . but the law could not touch he . at the mention of " boiler room " , nancy give a shake . marge miss this , too busy take a pull on the bottle that 's never leave she hand . marge ( contd ) what be need be some private citizen willing to do what have to be do . she reel slowly , look at nancy be defiance . nancy ( hushed ) what do you do , mother ? marge cradle the bottle . marge bunch of we parent track he down after they let he go . found he in a old boiler room , just like before . saw he lie there in that cake red and yellow sweater he always wear , drunk a ' asleep with he weird knife by he side ... nancy ( dread it ) go on ... marge reach over and tap a dusty two - gallon jug of gasoline near the lawn mower . marge we pour gasoline all around the place , leave a trail out the door , lock the door , then ... she mime strike a match -- marge ( contd ) whoosh !!! her arm shoot up and she eye go wide with the light of that fire . there 's awe in she voice . then she drop she arm . marge ( contd ) ( hushed , remember ) but just when it seem not even the devil could live in there any more -- he crash out like a banshee , all on fire -- swinging that fingerknive every which direction and scream he ... he be go to get we by kill all we kid ... she stop with a sudden quake and drink for a long moment . but the intake do not hide the image . her face bath in tear , she look at she daughter and shake she head . marge ( contd ) there be all that man , Nancy , even you father , oh yes , even he . but none could do what have to be do -- krueger roll and scream so loud the whole state could hear -- no one could take you father 's gun and kill he good and proper except I . she sweep she hand across the air in a terrific slash , then stop , she hand shaking , she voice hoarse and terrify . she look at she daughter , begging . marge ( contd ) so he 's dead nan . he can not get you . mommy kill he . for someone who start this film at a very young seventeen , nancy 's now the battle - tempere veteran as she take she mother in she arm and rock she . nancy who be there ? be Tina 's parent there ? be Rod 's ? marge sag back . marge sure , and glen' . all of we . but that 's in the past now , baby . really . it 's over . ( slyly ) we even take he knife . the woman twist around and open the door on a old furnace -- a furnace unused since the new gas one nearby be put in . she fish inside the cavity -- as then we hear a touch of the familiar ' scrriitch ' . next moment she pull out a object wrap in rag , open it and display the long , rusted blade and they glove- like apparatus . marge ( contd ) see ? nancy stare at the damn thing , chill . nancy all this year you have keep that thing bury down here ? in we own house ? marge ( contd ) proof he 's declaw . as for he , we bury he good and deep . marge shove the knife into they hide place , close the little iron door . marge ( contd ) so 's okay , you can sleep . she lurch up and stagger upstairs . nancy shiver and look down at she arm . the cut beneath she bandage have begin to bleed again . and from inside the furnace , as if from deep below , the pulsing of the boundless nightmare - boiler room can be faintly hear . 127 . ext . elm STREET . night . 127 . wide on the STREET and both house , glen 's on the right , nancy 's on the leave . a telephone ring . zoom in on glen' upstair bedroom window . 128 . int . glen be & nancy'' bedroom - intercut . night . 128. 129 . glen , yawn , cross and pick up he telephone . 129 . glen hello ? nancy ( telephone ) hi. glen oh . hi , how y'doing ? nancy look out the window and touch she hair . nancy ( contd ) Fine . stand by you window so I can see you . you sound a million mile away . in the light window across the way , she can see glen move into sight . in he shot , we can see nancy step into she window behind the bar . nancy ( contd ) much better . glen I hear you mar go ape at the security store today . you look like the prisoner of Zenda or something . how long 's it be since you sleep ? nancy come up on the seventh day . it 's okay , I check Guinness . the record 's eleven , and I will beat that if I have to . ( beat ) listen , I ... I know who he be . glen who ? nancy the killer . glen you do ? nancy yeah , and if he get I , I be pretty sure you be next . glen be appal . glen I !? why would anyone want to kill I ?! nancy do not ask -- just give I some help nail this guy when I bring he out . glen pale . glen bring he out of what ? nancy my dream . glen how you plan to do that ? nancy just like I do the hat . have a hold of the sucker when you wake I up . glen I ? ( switch back to a more comfortable reality ) wait a minute , you can not bring someone out of a dream ! nancy if I can not , then you all can relax , because it will just be a simple case of I be nut . glen I can save you the trouble . you be nutty as a fruitcake . I love you anyway . nancy good , then you will not mind cold - cock this guy when I bring he out . glen what !? nancy ( simplicity itself ) you hear I . I grab he in the dream -- you see I struggle so you wake I up . we both come out , you cold cock the fucker , and we get he . clever , huh ? glen you crazy ? hit he with what ? nancy you be a jock . you must have a baseball bat or something . come to my window at midnight . and meanwhile ... glen ( weakly ) meanwhile ..? nancy meanwhile whatever you do do not fall asleep . Midnight . she hang up . glen 's eye bug out . glen Holy shit ! Midnight . Baseball bat and boogemen . unfuck real . 130 . omit omit 130 . 131 . ext . the valley and hill . night . 131. high , wide shot . the moon be above the horizon . a cool wind slide a bank of white fog inland . the valley and its light stretch forever , a endless net of illumination and darkness . a coyote howl on the dark hill . 132 . ext . police station . night . 132 . a palm frond scuttle across the center of the parking lot . lt thompson arrive in a unmark car . cop ( pass ) Lieutenant Thompson -- what you do in at this time ? lt thompson can not sleep , think I would come break up the poker game . the cop laugh and go he way . thompson 's smile evaporate . 133 . int . police station . night . 133 . thompson enter and check the log . nearby , sgt garcia pour coffee . sergeant garcia if it be any more quiet we could hear owl farting . lt thompson be quiet , be not it ? sergeant garcia ( too casually ) how 's you girl ? thompson look at the desk sergeant a moment , then toss down the log . lt thompson she 's sensible . she will sleep sooner or later . 134 . ext . elm STREET . night . 134 . the neighborhood be utterly still , most of the home already dark . but not nancy 's . or glen 's . zoom to glen' lighted live room window . 135 . int . glen' live room . night . 135 . glen 's father watch eleven o'clock news , a dreary film clip ( stock ) of war and refugee in a far-away land . mr lantz take a pull on he Bud . mr lantz you would think they would have some - thing ' bout the Lane kid hang himself . mrs lantz walk through the room , drying she hand on a dishtowel . mrs lantz maybe we be all make more out of it than we should . she head upstairs . mr lantz pop the automatic tuner . carson blink on . carson ( tv ) I would not touch that line with a ten foot pole . ed mcmahon and the audience laugh in delight . 136 . int . glen' house / upstair corridor . night . 136 . mrs lantz come along the upstairs hall and knock gently at a close door . mrs lantz Glen ? you all right ? she put she ear to the door and listen . mrs lantz ( contd ) Glen honey ? no answer . 137 . int . glen' room . night . 137 . glen lie sprawle across the bed , long leg flung over the end , head not visible . his mother enter . she look at the boy , turn off the tv . look at he again . from this angle she can see he head , earphone cramme over it rasp they tinny noise . but no movement from the kid at all . mrs lantz cross and poke he in the rib . glen lurch up , arm windmill . glen whuu ? he refocus he eye , take off he earphone . mrs lantz how can you listen to carson and a record at the same time ? glen swing he leg over the edge of the bed and shake he head to clear the cobweb . glen be not listen to the tube , just watch . miss nude America 's suppose to be on tonight . mrs lantz well how you gonna hear what she say ? glen who care what she say ? the mother give up . mrs lantz you should get to sleep soon , Glen . it 's almost midnight . goodness know we have all have enough of a time the last few day ... glen I will , Mom ... in a while . you guy turn in ? mrs lantz pretty soon . his mother sigh and go out , close the door behind she . glen flip the tv back on and glance at the clock . 138 . insert of clock . it 's 11:42 . 138. 139 . tight on glen 's face . he clamp the earphone back on , and turn 139 . the volume up high . the music be so loud we can hear it resonate inside he skull . camera move past glen to he window , then zoom through to : 140 . ext . elm STREET / nancy'' house . night . 140 . continue zooming into the lighted window of nancy 's bar second floor bedroom and CUT to : 141 . int . nancy'' room . night 141 . close on marge , weaving on the edge of nancy 's bed , stroking the girl 's hair . nancy 's still something of a wreck , but less than marge . marge we will go away , take a vacation . get you hair color nice , the way it be . no one will ever know . ( sniff ) this whole room smell of coffee , y'know ? she gather up nancy 's coffee cup and empty nodoz box , lean down and kiss she . marge ( contd ) it 's all over now , baby . the nightmare 's over . please . nancy nod she head , half stubborn , half sadly . she can barely keep she eye open now . nancy okay . she scrunches into she pillow . marge smile haggardly and shut off the light , take the coffee pot with she as she leave . nancy ( contd ) night-night . marge smile , relieved . the girl pull the blanket around she shoulder . her eye flutter close , she breathe become regular and deep . once again she 's the litle girl marge fantasize she be . the mother tiptoe out of the room , close the door behind she . hold on nancy 's sleep face as the door close . her eye remain close another beat , then open wide . she quietly jump out of bed and shake herself savagely to scatter the sleep settling so quickly . still in the dark , she fish a full electric coffepot from under she bed and pour herself a fresh fix into a mug she dig from beneath she pillow . the face illuminate by the neon light on the pot be set in absolute determination . nancy drain the cup , then cross to she closet , retrieve a pitcher of ice water from behind a heap of clothes and splashes she eye and the back of she neck . that do she ease open she window and press she face to the bar , suck in cool night air until every shred of sleep be go from she brain . then she start pull on clothes . 142 . int . nancy'' house / downstair . night . 142. angle on marge as she check the lock on the backdoor . firm . 143 . angle in the live room as she pad through the darken house , 143 . feel she way to a wall of shelf and take down a book . then another , and a third . then reach in and fish out a bottle of gin . 144 . ext . nancy'' house and elm STREET . night . 144 . the sky have gather in great darkness . low , distant thunder roll around the horizon like a great drum . angle on nancy'' house from across the street . the moon glint off the bar window . camera zoom to nancy 's window . the imprison girl hover in the darkness behind the grill like a ghost , she eye turn towards glen 's . then she switch to something much closer to camera angle , and she draw back . 145 . reverse on glen 's father , stand on the front porch of he 145 . home , also in the shadow , look straight across and up at nancy . he draw on he cigarette ; he face glow red . 146 . nancy pull down the shade . 146 . 147 . glen 's father grind the cigarette beneath he shoe . 147 . mrs lantz should not stare . as the man turn we shot widen to reveal mrs lantz . mr lantz know what I think ? I think that kid 's some kinda lunatic . the woman spoon more sweetness into she mouth and rub she forehead . mrs lantz should not say such a thing about the poor child . if you mean the bar , marge 's just be cautious , she be alone and Nancy act so nervous lately . the woman rise and pull he gently towards the live room . as he go inside he take one last look . mr lantz ( contd ) well , she be not gonna hang around we boy no more . once the two be inside , the door be lock . 148 . int . nancy'' room . night . 148. close on nancy 's face . very close . her eye stare ahead , red-rimme , anxious . she pick absently at the thick bandage cover she forearm . the long cut from Fred krueger 's finger be bleed again , but she do not even care anymore . too late to sweat the small stuff . she cross the room . on the bedside table with the nearly empty pyrex coffee maker , the empty cup and the empty box of no - doz , be she old fashioned alarm clock , and a phone . nancy pour herself the last of the coffee and drink it to the dregs , then look to the clock . insert clock -- ten minute to midnight . nancy be eye go to the door . wider . fully clothed and in a jacket now , she creep to the door and crack it , just to make sure . then freeze . 149 . int . hallway outside nancy'' door . 149 . in nancy'' Pov through the door we see marge , rummage around in the linen closet not fifteen foot away . there 's no way nancy can get past she . the woman pull out a full bottle of gin in satisfaction and begin fumble with its cap . 150 . int . nancy'' room . night . 150 . nancy ease the door close again and sink to the key hole , watch through it with a sink heart . nancy ( very quiet , very intense ) hang on glen ... 151 . int . glen' room . night . 151 . glen , coat now on , go to he window , check . 152 . int . elm STREET . night . 152 . glen' Pov -- nancy be porch be desert ; front door close , light out . no sign of nancy . 153 . int . glen' room . night . 153. glen shrug , take off he jacket and plop back onto he bed . glen well , I be not gonna risk sneaking out until she do . he put the earphone back on . 154 . int . nancy'' room . night . 154 . absolutely frustrated , nancy turn from the keyhole to the window . she open the blind and ease back the curtain . 155 . ext . elm STREET . night . in nancy'' Pov through the bar we zoom directly across to glen 's window . 156 . int . glen' room . night . 156 . glen lie on he bed , fully clothed , earphone over he ear , carson dron from the tv . and the boy' eye begin to droop . 157 . int . nancy'' bedroom . night . 157 . nancy pick up she phone , bite she lip , then begin dial . 158 . int . glen' room . night . 158. tight on phone as it begin ringing loudly . wider shot , revealing glen asleep background , the music still loud in he earphone . 159 . int . glen' live room . night . 159 . ringing here , too , just as mr lantz be turn out the light for bed . he stop in the dark , scowling . mr lantz who at this hour ? he refuse to turn the light back on . his wife pick she way to the telephone . mrs lantz hello ? ( listen , frown slightly ) oh ... hold on . ( cover the mouthpiece ) it 's she . she want to talk to Glen . the father cross to the telephone , suspicious . mr lantz ( whisper ) about what ? mrs lantz ( into phone ) what 's this about , Nancy ? she listen , cover up again . mrs lantz ( contd ) she say it 's private . very private and very important . mr lantz grab the telephone from he wife and bark into it . mr lantz Glen 's asleep . talk to he tomorrow ! he slam down the telephone with a grunt of satisfaction to he wife . mr lantz ( contd ) just get to be firm with kid , be all . then as a refinement he take the phone off the hook and lay it on the table . 160 . int . nancy'' room . night . 160 . nancy dial again . this time she get a busy signal . she slam the phone down in frustration and look out the window . nancy Glen . do not fall asleep ... she go and sit on the bed , prop she chin on she fist . 161 . yawn . the telephone ring . 161 . nancy snatch it up . nancy Glen ? tight on her , zooming even closer on her ear and the earpiece as we hear the awful scritching scrape of steel fingerknive . nancy slap the phone down as if it be disease -- then , in pure rage , rip the thing 's cord from the wall . spend instantly , she put the receiver back on the cradle and lay it on she bed , chide herself . nancy brilliant . now what if Glen call ? she wrap the phone cord around the useless machine and put it on she bed , then sneak back to the door . this time she give a expression of relief , and open the door . marge be go . then the telephone ring again . camera move in on nancy as she turn slowly . 162 . reverse in her Pov . the telephone ring again , despite the fact 162 . that the end of its janked - out cord be clearly visible . the nightmare music theme slip right up we spine . back on nancy . she start to shake . she go to the telephone as we widen , unwrap it as it ring even louder . she 's shaking so hard by now she can barely manage to lift the receiver . move in close on her , so close we can hear she tooth chatter as she bring the phone to she ear . nancy ( contd ) hello ? the unmistakeable voice of fred krueger come over the phone , garble by time and unknown dimension , but clear enough . krueger ( filter ) ( triumphant ) I be you boyfriend now ... close on the mouthpiece . it 's change from a normal telephone mouthpiece to a actual mouth -- Fred krueger 's mouth -- and he long , slick tongue flick out and dart into the startle girl 's mouth ! wider -- as nancy explode from she micro-dream -- absolutely mad . she jerk the telephone away from she and smashes it against she wall , then attack it with she foot and hand , smash it to smithereen . angle on the telephone piece . normal piece of a normal telephone . she pinch herself hard -- until tear come and she flesh be nearly bleed . nancy I be awake , I be awake . this be not a dream ! I be -- she stop , realize what krueger mean . nancy ( contd ) my boyfriend ...! 163 . int . nancy'' live room . night . 163 . nancy barrel down the stair and across the darken live room to the front door . it take she a moment of tug and fumble to realize the deadbolt be lock from inside . and there 's no key in it now . she race to a porch window and throw it open , shaking and bang on the bar like a mad woman . but there 's no get through . she stagger back , stymy and furious . then somebody move behind she in the dark . voice ( os ) lock . nancy jump around in shock . her mother have post herself on the couch with she bottle . nancy ( furious ) give I the key , mother . marge I do not even have it on I , so forget it . the word be final . nancy run past the woman to the back door , to one window after the other , shaking bar and slamm lock and scream in teenage fury . but it 's no good . the house be she prison . marge ( contd ) ( drunk satisfaction ) paid the guy damn good to make sure you stay put . you be not goin ' nowhere , kid . you be gonna sleep tonight if it kill I . nancy clenches she fist and scream at the top of she lung , a heart - wrenching , eardrum - break cry of love in despair -- nancy gleeennnnnn ! smash CUT to : 164 . int . glen' room . night . 164 . close on glen' from directly above . the music be tinny from the earphone , the tv SOUND distant and echoed . the boy be breathe deeply now , slowly and gently . then , unmistakeably , he begin to snore . very faintly , far in the background , we can hear nancy . nancy ( os ) Glen !! do not fall asleeeeeep ! camera pull back and straight up as the snore merge with a weird , unsettle music cue . the boy lie sprawle , still clothed , in the middle of he bed . save for the bedside lamp , the room be dark . full wide angle from this high spot look down at he as from the eye of some great fly hang on the ceiling . the music reach a terrifying pitch of anticipation -- then stop abruptly . there 's a heartbeat 's pause . then with tremendous force , two powerful arm shoot up beneath the red and yellow bedspread and grab glen around the waist ! next moment the young man 's body be drag straight down into the bed , as if some huge beast have grab he and heave he down ! his foot and he arm shoot up -- there 's another haul yank -- and the boy disappear except for he hand and finger -- down into the pit in the middle of the bed ! his hand be last to go , claw for a hold . but soon they vanish as well , drag blanket and bedsheet , wire and stereo across the cave - in bed and into the abyss . there 's hideous screeching of music jam in with glen 's echoing scream -- then a unholy , sudden silence . next moment what 's leave of glen be vomit up from the pit of the nightmare bed ... a horrible mess of blood and bone and hair and wire ... stream out and over the bed . then the pit in the bed be go as if it be never there . drawn by the terribly scream and struggle , glen 's mother burst into the room . the woman stare for one moment of horrify disbelief , then reel back and let out the most god - awful scream imaginable . the cry split the night . 165 . ext . elm STREET . night . 165 . the SOUND of the scream cross - fade with the wail of the ambulance as it screech to a halt at the curb , follow by two black and white and a unmarked car . uniform policemen spill out foreground . lt thompson and parker exit the unmark car . by habit or by premonition thompson glance at the house that be he home . his eye be catch by a movement ; he daughter be at she upstairs window , white - haire , hollow - eye , look down on he through she bar . she give a little wave . unnerve , thompson wave back , then walk rapidly for glen 's home . mr lantz , pale as a ghost himself , wait on the porch ; we can hear the mother 's wailing inside . 166 . int . nancy'' room . night . 166 . close on nancy'' big old windup alarm clock . its big and little hand sweep together at midnight . burn on : the ninth day there 's a babble of police radios , siren winding down , running foot - step , shout , neighborhood kide and dog barking as camera lift to nancy'' face . set. unafraid . ruthless . the girl pull the window shade on it all , then look at she bed . nancy okay , krueger , you bastard . we play in you court . 167 . int . glen' live room / nancy'' kitchen -- intercut . night . 167 . 168 . lt thompson be halfway across the live room when he stop . 168 . something dark and red be welling from a crack in the ceiling . one of he man be rigging a bucket beneah to catch the leak . the telephone ring and parker pick it up . parker Lieutenant . it 's you daughter . say it 's urgent . thompson turn away from the drip . lt thompson ( low ) tell she I be not here , tell she ... parker uh , she just see you , sir ... thompson nod , cross and pick up the telephone . screen split ; we see both . lt thompson ( contd ) hello Nancy . nancy hi daddy . I know what happen . lt thompson then you know more than I do -- I have not even be upstairs . nancy ( guess ) you know he 's dead though , right ? thompson debate , then admit it . lt thompson yeah , apparantly he 's dead . how the hell would you know ? a tear coarse down nancy 's cheek , but she voice remain firm . nancy I have get a proposition for you . listen very carefully , please . lt thompson nan , I -- nancy please . I be gonna go get the guy who do it and bring he to you . I just need you be right there to arrest he . okay ? lt thompson just tell I who do it and I will go get he , baby . nancy Fred krueger do it , daddy , and only I can get he . it 's my nightmare he come to . the detective flinch at the name . lt thompson where would you hear about krueger -- nancy press , very firm , very rational . nancy -- I want you to come over here and break the door down exactly twenty minute from now -- can you do that ? lt thompson sure , but ... nancy that will be exactly half past midnight . time for I to fall asleep and find he . lt thompson sure , sure , honey . you just do that -- get yourself some sleep -- that 's what I have be say all along . nancy and you will be here to catch he , right ? parker Lieutenant -- they be wait upstairs . thompson wave curtly , still speak to nancy . lt thompson sure , okay , I will be there . now you just turn in and get some rest , sweetheart . please . deal ? nancy deal . nancy hang up . lt thompson start upstairs . but then he stop , and as a afterthought he could never really explain , turn to parker . lt thompson ( contd ) get outside and watch she house . if you see anything funny call I . parker ' anything funny ' like what ? thompson shake he head , embarass . lt thompson I do not know -- but one thing for sure , I do not want she come over here . she 's way too far go to be able to to handle this . as parker exit , angle cut to nancy'' kitchen as the girl hang up and sink back agiainst the wall , trap by she own resolution . she look at she watch . 169 . insert -- five past midnight . nancy switch mode to stopwatch 169 . and set the countdown go at twenty - five minute . 170 . int . glen' bedroom . night . 170 . lt thompson step into glen 's room , anxious to be do with it . he hit a wall of stench and horror even before he take it in with he eye , and as soon as he see the bed he clap he hand over he mouth , pivot and walk right back into the hallway . 171 . int . hallway . night . 171 . he sag against the wall , unable to look at the cop who hover there . cop ( faint ) what the hell do that , Lieutenant ? there be not even a head leave . lt thompson goddame if I know . ( try to straighten ) what 's the coronor say ? cop he 's in the john puke since he see it . 172 . int . cellar . night . 172 . nancy pull tool and hardware out with grim resolution . Hammer , nail , spool of wire , a old square of heavy fishnete , some old shot gun shell , a file -- refer only once to the booklet in she hand . 173 . int . nancy'' live room . night . 173 . barely able to control she shaking hand , nancy start string off the spool of wire across the live room , cry and swear at the same time . dissolve to her hand wrapping bare lamp wire around two thumbtack stick into the inside of the pincher of a common wooden clothespin . the wire go off screen . another angle as she insert a lifesaver between the two prong . one end of the fishline be tie to the lifesaver . the whole now be stretch taut about three inch off the live room carpet . on nancy carefully filing a hole in a lightbulb . oh her pour powder and shot from shotgun shell into the open in the bulb until it 's full , then sealing it with tape . dissolve to her screwing the bulb back into the floor lamp , and place the thing near the foot of the stair . sc 174 ( delete ) 175 . int . nancy'' upstair hallway . night . 175 . -- nancy complete install a sturdy slide bolt to the outside of she own bedroom door . -- nancy screw a hinge into the wall directly above she door . attach to the hinge be the shank of something -- some kind of tool . we can not see what it be because camera never quite frame the whole thing . -- nancy tiptoe to she mother 's door and peek in . 176 . int . marge' bedroom . night . 176 . marge lie propped in she bed look back at nancy . her drunkeness have be alter by the siren and babble outside into a sort of comatose clarity . marge guess I should ' n 'a do it . nancy just sleep now , Mom . marge just want to protect you , nan . just want to protect you ... marge slide over on she side . nancy smooth she hair , cover she as she would a child , then exit the room . delete sc 177 178 . int . nancy'' room . night . 178. the girl enter , turn out she bedside light , slip out of she dress and put on she nightgown . then she kneel by she bed . nancy ( quietly ) now I lay I down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep . if I should die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take . she get into bed and pull the blanket to she chin . close on nancy 's face . she stare straight up at the ceiling for a long moment , then close she eye . CUT to : 179 . int . glen' live room . night . 179 . lt thompson trudge down the stais and confront glen' father . lt thompson I know it 's hard to think at a time like this , walter , but can you think of anyone who could have do such a thing ? the father stare away , he voice low and dull . mr lantz he do it . thompson look at the man , baffle . lt thompson who ? who do that ? mr lantz krueger . lt thompson krueger ? the father give he the strangest look . mr lantz have to have do it . no one else be in there . lt thompson how you know that ? mr lantz Cause I think Glen be gonna sneak out to see you lunatic daughter , that 's why . so I lock he in he room ! ( get control ) sorry . anyway , the door be still lock when we hear the scream . he blink . mr lantz ( contd ) maybe god 's punish we all ... lt thompson ( much lower and hard ) keep you head -- this be a fuck flesh and blood killer we be talk about . mr lantz like Rod Lane ? a voice call down from upstairs . cop ( os ) Lieutenant Thompson . coronor want to show you something . thompson give mr lantz one final look , then head upstairs . CUT to : note : this rewrite of scene 180 and 180 a replace nancy walk through the ' dream street ' at night , and nancy approach the huge desert building at night , prior to she enter the boiler room the final time . 180 . int . downstair , nancy'' house . night . 180 . low angle up stair as nancy appear at head . as she come downstairs , camera move with her through the hallway to the cellar door . she open the door . 180a . int . nancy'' cellar . night . 180a . nancy appear at top of this stair , hesitates , then come down . wider as nancy approach center of room , stop in cu , then turn eye . we hear the distant SOUND of the boiler room now , faint but unmistakeable . nancy move , and camera pan her to the cellar 's side wall , where another , new doorway be revealed . nancy open this door and look down . firelight be on nancy'' face now , and the SOUND of the boiler room be very clear . nancy go through the door . 180b . int . boiler room . 180b . nancy decend like orpheus into hell , but without weapon save she wit . she decend a steel stair to the lowest level , then hear the SOUND of the knife from down another shaft . she see there 's a even deeper place down there . she start down . again , and then again , nancy decend , each ladder narrower or more twist , each level deeper , wetter , darker , more airless . soon she 's gasp for air , but still she push herself on . she do not stop until she break out at last at the very bottom of the place , a wet , firelit sump deep in the bowel of the place . camera now pan around with her , and for the first time we see the vast maul of the empty boiler behind she . she stare at it . it 's seethe with some dark wind that sough and whine like a huge die dog . nancy cross to it , touch the pile of old , coal - dust dirt at its base . it look almost like a old grave . she turn suddenly , listen . then , hearing nothing , she look down . nancy'' Pov as she pick up glen 's earphone . wider as she suddenly drop they , stare at she finger . they be drip blood . there 's another beep . 180c . insert on nancy'' watch -- the count -down a blur of black digit 180c . count down to zero . they have just cross the ten minute warning . 180d . close on nancy'' face . she speak into the night . 180d . nancy ( quietly ) come out and show yourself , you bastard . no sooner be this word off she lip than the huge bulk of fred krueger lurch up behind she ! the man be even more hideous hatless , he bald head and torment face veile in skein of ruin flesh , he rag tooth bar , the great spider of razor- blade flash from he fingertip . he leap , but the girl leap just as fast , a fierce jump , that send she out over black space and down into a huge , dark sump of blackness . 180e . ext . the heavens . night . 180e . close angle on nancy as she curve like a swan though she apogee , and begin fall , diving , plane through black air , the wind rip at she hair and eye . suddenly the complex , glitter skein of light that be the San Fernando Valley see from the air slide into frame , and we see she 's fall from high , high over the earth . nancy fall , fall in slow motion against the spin light , free as a sky diver freefalling -- a giddy , acrophobic plunge . 181,182,183,184 omit omit 181,182,183,184 185 . ext . elm STREET / nancy'' house . night . 185 . nancy crash suddenly out of the night and into a hedge just outside she own front door , roll out at its bottom scratch and bloody . if she be in any normal reality she would be a mass of break bone -- but somehow she 's able to claw she way up and look at she watch once more . insert . just a few second from zero . she stagger for she house 's front door -- but a moment later krueger crash down atop she ! nancy struggle to she knee just as the man lunge with that godawful handful of blade . but instead of run , she duck inside the deadly grab and seize he in a desperate bearhug ! the surprise move send he pitching backwards , she still on he -- and they fall into the jumble of tear - down trellis of rose beneath she window . almost at that very second we hear the jarring , deafen ringing of nancy 's alarm clock ! smash CUT to : 186 . int . nancy'' bedroom . night . 186 . nancy sprawl out of she bed onto the floor , twist from the jab of the already vanish thorns , briar and brush . gasp , she take a second to get she bearing angle on the bed as she recover quick as she can , snatching up the net , ready for a assault from any direction . but the room be empty . hardly able to catch she breath , she hair tangle , she nightgown tear , she drop the net . she sit on the bed , turn on the bedside lamp and re-examine she room . no one there but herself . it 's a terrible blow , despite the fact that she 's safe . her face be cover with tear , she 's shaking and breathless . she rattles she head in confusion and despair , realize she own madness . nancy I be crazy after all ... at that very instant fred krueger leap up from the far side of the bed with a explosive shout of rage ! he lunge across the table for she , miss by inch as nancy pitch backwards and scramble for the window . but she 's stop by the bar . krueger , incredibly fast , regains he foot and leap again -- the girl wheel and shatter the coffeepot over he head . as he crash backwards nancy fling open the door of she room and dive through -- only to rebound off someone on the other side -- 187 . int . hallway . night . 187 . marge , knock fly by nancy be charge , hit the floor hard , knock the wind out of herself . nancy see what she 's do , jump over the body and slam the door and throw the new bolt home . next instant she gingerly tie a string to the door 's knob , a string that trail down from the ceiling , attach to something up there that 's still just barely out of sight . next instant she 's drag she mother towards the woman 's bedroom as fast as she can . krueger be already splintering the doorway behind she as nancy dip and make it into marge 's room , slamming the door behind she and lock it in a flash . the maniac break the bolt and rip open the door . but the in the very act of do this he of course unknowingly pull the string attach to the outside doorknob with terrific force . close angle on the ceiling . the string jerk against a single - edge razor , which in turn cut a tight wind of cord hold a heavy wedge of steel to the ceiling . wider as the thing fall free , pivote at the hinge at the far end of its handle , and drive straight into krueger be groin with a terrific blow . as he catapault backwards with a incredulous shriek , the twenty pound sledge hammer swing back and reveal to camera just what it be ! angle down on krueger , clawwing he way up despite he agony , lurching and cursing forward like a enraged bull . wider angle in the hallway as krueger roar out -- only to immediately strike the length of wire strung across the hallway , catch it just above the thigh . he cartwheel head - over-heel and land flat on he back ! instantly the door to nancy 's mother 's bedroom fly open and nancy bring a brass lamp down over krueger 's head with all she might ! it sound like a line - drive carome off a metal flagpole . nancy slam the door as krueger struggle up , clutching he head . enrage , the huge man crash against the door with terrific force , and rear back and start smash against the door like the utter homicidal lunatic that he be . CUT to : 188 . ext . elm STREET / nancy'' home . night . 188 . high angle at the second floor level . nancy jerk open the window to she mother 's bedroom and jam she face to the bar . the ambulance be pull away with a tremendous wail of its siren as nancy scream down , try to make herself hear . nancy help ! hey -- daddy -- I get he trap ! where be you !? 189 . angle on the street . parker , assign to guard the house , see 189 . nancy -- hair white , eye wide -- pound on the bar and scream like a lunatic . but she meaning be utterly lose in the noise of the ambulance next to he . parker ( yell up at she ) everything 's go to be all right ! everything 's under control ! angle at the window . Close on nancy 's face , incredulous at he response . nancy get my father , you asshole ! parker do a little take . that almost sound sane . parker ( os ) you hear what I say ! now get back inside or I will tell you dad ! 191 . behind she the door splinter . nancy whirl around just in time 191 . to see krueger bull in ! nancy 's eye go wide -- she 's trap against the bar and have nowhere to go . the man bunch he knife into a single thick blade and rush she , stabbing . nancy close she eye -- then from out of frame marge leap between the two . marge no ! she block the charge perfectly -- block the knife . both she and nancy be slam backwards against the bar behind . drunk though she be , be hang onto krueger be weapon hand , keep the knife inside herself , away from she daughter ! marge Nancy -- for god 's sake 's run ! but nancy turn to the window instead , scream for she father . nancy daddy ! where be you ! 192 . ext . elm STREET . night . 192 . parker , just about to turn back to the business at glen 's house , see nancy and someone else fall just inside the window . something begin to dawn on the man . just a little . parker poor woman 's get she hand full with that kid . maybe I better tell the lieutenant . he turn and jog towards glen 's house . 193 . int . marge' bedroom . night . 193. angle on krueger , haul marge up in rage , knock she senseless across she bed and climb after she with he knife raise . nancy wheel behind he and wham he in the kidney with she fist , spilling he back off the bed , then run past he for the door . she make it to safety , then turn back . she flip the monster the bird , she eye wild with pain and fury . nancy hey fuckface -- can not catch I ! the bait work -- krueger leave marge and howl after nancy . 194 . int . upstair hallway . night . 194 . as nancy clear the hall and make the stair , krueger lurch through the shattered doorway after she . 195 . int . live room . night . 195 . the girl careen down the stair , across the room and to the front door , bang against it with terrify fury . nancy ( scream ) come on -- he 's in here ! daddy ! do not let he kill I too ! behind she the huge man be thumping down the stair , knocking thing over , scraping he long steel fingernails along the wall with a horrible sound ! nancy fling a heavy ash tray through the porch window and scream through the bar . nancy ( contd ) heelllppp !!! daddyyyyyyy !!!! krueger , bloody and spewwing threat , stagger for she -- nancy dive behind the couch . close on krueger' feet as they hit another wire . close on the lifesaver jerk out -- the clothespin snap together , complete the circuit with a crackling spark . wider on the explosion that rip out of the floor lamp next to krueger and knock he sprawling across the room . nancy peek out from behind the couch . the man lie in a smoking heap . nancy run to the window and scream out again . nancy ( contd ) hey -- daddy ! hey ! I get the bastard ! krueger roar up behind she -- she throw herself sideways -- he crash into the window frame , smash glass and wood to bit . nancy turn scream and run deeper into the house . 196 . omit 196 . 197 . int . cellar . night . 197 . she careen down the stair , throw on the light , the man thunder after she . angle at the far end of the cellar . nancy brake at the wall . nowhere leave to hide . the scrapping of the blade against brick turn she to see the huge killer hold he knife - laden finger up for she . krueger ready for this ? 198 . on nancy -- she duck behind the furnace -- come out the other 198 . side with the big jug of gasoline and let krueger have it straight over the head . the heavy container shatter , shower its content over every square inch of the man . he stagger backwards with a roar of fury , nancy scream after he with a box of kitchen match . before the man can realize what she 's up to , she ignites the whole box and throw it in krueger 's face . there 's a blind whoosh -- and krueger go up in a terrific ball of FIRE . faster than a flash the girl run past the howling maniac and make for the stair , krueger after she in full pyrrhic rage . 199 . int . nancy'' kitchen . night . 199 . nancy hold the heavy door until the precisely right moment . just as the burn , blind monster top the stair , nancy bring the heavy oak door round with all she might and catch he in a great ringing concussion . it send he windmill backwards and down the stair in a ass-over - teakettle sprawl of spark and flame . nancy slam the door and throw the deadbolt home . no sooner do she accomplish this than the man be slamming again and again against the door from the cellar . the terrible scream and curse peak , then grow weaker and more garble . then there 's just silence . nancy stagger , half blind , from the kitchen . as the room begin seethe smoke from every pore , we CUT to : 200 . int . glen' upstair hallway . night . 200 . the coroner step out of the bathroom peel bloody rubber glove . pale and sweat . coroner found you something , Donald . should remind you of something ... the man shove out he hand to lt thompson . thompson stare at it without touch it . a long , thin steel blade , razor sharp , attach to some sort of ring and armature -- break off ... the coroner give a sweaty , grim smile . coroner ( contd ) only place I ever hear of such a thing before be ten year ago . remember that fucker Fred krueger ? lt thompson have just knock parker sprawling in he race to the stair . parker hey -- you daughter 's act kinda -- ! ( thompson be go ) strange ... 201 . ext . nancy'' home . night . 201 . crash as nancy break another window and press against the bar . the house shudder and glow orange behind she . she see she father burst out the front door of Glen 's house ! nancy dad ! get US outta here ! lt thompson oh , Jesus -- Nancy ! ( to he man ) hey ! we get a fire ! 202 . angle on nancy'' front door . many men batter the door down as 202 . black smoke pour from the window and nancy 's scream and shout fill the air . within moment they have destroy the door and lt thompson have pull he daughter into the safety of he arm . but nancy immediately fight free and dart right back to the front door -- beckone he to follow -- gesture like a wild woman . nancy I get he -- I get Fred krueger ! thompson stare at he wild little girl in astonishment , then run in after she . the other follow , cough and choke . 203 . int . live room . night . 203. thompson collide with nancy as she brake , freeze . the smoke be belching out of the cellar , but whoever be lock in there certainly be not now . the door be flat on the kitchen floor . lt thompson what the hell be you talk about , Nancy ? nancy wheel without answer . a series of tiny , isolate fire burn across the live room and up the stair . firestep . nancy ( contd ) he 's after Mom ! come on ! she dart across the live room , follow the flame footprint of fred krueger up the stair before thompson can stop she . lt thompson nancy ! 204 . int . marge' bedroom . night . 204 . nancy stop in the splintered doorway -- a rag gold - red light splash she horrify face . 205 . reverse in her Pov -- fred krueger , literally a man of fire , have 205 . a scream marge pin to the bed and be crawl all over she ! nancy give a banshee 's howl , snatch up a chair and bring it down over the back of the firey beast , stun he . by the time lt thompson race into the room nancy be seize a heavy blanket have throw over both of they , fight the flame . the father join he daughter without a second think , heaving another blanket over the bed and smother the last of the flame . nancy he 's under there ! watch it ! 206 . thompson push the girl back -- yank out he .38 and pull off 206 . the first cover . no movement . he pull back a second one , ready to fire . but the only thing he see be the blacken half - skeleton of he ex-wife , smoking and seethe and sink into the fluid-like mattress , sink right down through it as if she be sink into a lake . a blacken , gnarled hand go last , then the bed solidify over the place she 's disappear . and it 's as if no one be ever there . nancy turn and look at lt thompson , she face white as she ghostly hair . thompson shove he .38 back in its holster and find a cigarette , he hand shaking so badly he can barely manage . nancy now do you believe I ? parker barge in . the room be fill with smoke , the bed be stripped , but other than that , the place seem normal . parker you find he ? ( look closer at thompson ) Sir ? lt thompson just walk by he . parker chase after . parker ( contd os ) ( fade ) Sir -- here , let I light that for you -- Lieutenant ? what happen ? ( go ) wider , on nancy alone in the room . she turn and look at the bed . music slip in and build . the bed have change color . it 's now a ash -darken red and yellow . 207 . closer on nancy from the direction of the bed . music suddenly 207 . stop , and the surface of the red and yellow bed get a bump in its center that keep raise , raise until it 's a hump that 's a head and shoulder , still raise until it loom over nancy . then fred krueger 's entire shape sweep up into the yellow and red mass -- and the garish head , smoking and seethe , pop through . new angle -- krueger , a burn , sizzling black hump of a killer , clump onto the floor between nancy and the door . nancy fall absoltely still , and she face go through a strange , almost sublime transformation . nancy ( quietly ) I know you be there , krueger . she turn and face he . freddie you think you be gonna get away from I ? nancy shake she head . nancy I know you too well now , freddie . krueger smile bitterly . come closer . freddy and now you die ... there 's a slickering rattle at he side , and he raise the only thing on he not char -- the gleam steel talon . 208 . nancy simply shake she head again , as if see a light at the 208 . end of she long , long tunnel . and the way she say the word , they might be appear on the inside of she eye . nancy it 's too late , krueger . I know the secret now -- this be just a dream , too -- you be not alive -- the whole thing be a dream -- so fuck off ! I want my mother and friend again . krueger grin insanely , confuse and amused at the same time . freddie you what ? nancy ( even , firm ) I take back every bit of energy I ever give you . you be nothing . you be shit . and then she turn she back on he . krueger bunch he finger , produce a single rag bundle of razor talon and raise he hand over the back of she head and neck . nancy close she eye and step to the door . close on her hand , touch the door knob . close on krueger' knife -fingers poise . music build then shriek as krueger stab down , right through nancy -- as if she be a optical illusion -- loose he balance and fall down , down , down ... and he 's go . CUT to : 209 . ext . elm STREET . day . 209 . close on nancy'' front door as nancy jerk it open and blink in the bright , diffuse light . the music fade on a transitional note , into light . we hear bird . child play . early morning sound . nancy ( to herself ) God , it 's bright . marge stick she head out , squinting , and nod . sober . marge gonna burn off soon or it would not be so bright . nancy turn and look she mother over . nancy feeling better ? marge they say you have bottome out when you can not remember the night before . ( shake she head ) no more drink , baby , suddenly I just do not feel like it any more . she touch nancy . marge ( contd ) do not keep you up last night , do I ? you look a little peek . nancy smile . nancy Nah . just sleep heavy . the girl give a wave and go off . marge call after . marge see ya . nancy turn and wave . nancy see ya . 210 . wider on nancy as she walk to the curb . the whole scene be 210 . wrap in a unseasonal tule fog , bright yet diffuse . we notice that nancy 's house no longer have bar on its window . then we see a familiar convertible pull up at the curb , top down . tina and rod be in the back seat . they all wave to marge as nancy climb in . glen ( call ) you believe this fog ? marge ( laugh ) I believe anything 's possible . tina slap five with nancy . tina lookin ' good , girl ! angle inside the convertible . glen slip into the seat next to nancy . someone else be drive , it seem . nancy look up to the driver . the big man turn and grin at nancy , a terrible , scar , hideous leer of a grin -- fred krueger be grin ! angle back outside the convertible as its top clamp over the kid within -- a bright red and yellow top that close as fast and hard as a beartrap ! nancy be frighten face fly to the window , press against the thick glass as the car roar away from the curb and into the thick fog . 211 . camera pan to a group of little girl , half -hidden by the fog , 211 . jump rope and sing gayly . girl one two -- freddy 's come for you ! Three four -- better lock you door ! five six -- get you crucifix Seven eight -- gonna stay up late ! nine ten -- never sleep again ! music crossfade with this song , expand the simple tune to symphonic , boundless dimension as the little girl fade into thin air , and we fade to black roll end title .