a nightmare on elm Street 2 : freddy 's revenge a screenplay by : David chaskin begin MAIN title sequence ext . suburban housing development - day a big , yellow school bus pull up to a corner and discharge a group of teenager . it 's one of that fantastic spring afternoon and the kid take to they freedom like they be just sprung from Leavenworth . kide g'night , Joe ... have a good weekend , etc . the bus driver do not answer but nod and smile as they deboard . he be a pleasant look elderly man , wear a khaki work shirt , a match cap and chew on a unlit , twenty - five cent stogie . the door fold shut , the gear grind and the bus continue along its route . int . school bus - day while there be only about a dozen kid on the bus , the noise level be deafen . girl be yapping , guy be horsing around , someone be fiddling with a ghetto- blaster , try to decide among several loud station . ext . suburban STREET - day the bus turn a corner , take they out of the development and past some older , less identical look residence space more widely apart . int . school bus - day the Driver downshift the old heap , pull the wheel over to the curb and reach over to push the door lever open . kide file out down he aisle , some of they wishing he well as they leave . another angle as the gear grind again and the bus pull away . we see that there be only a few kide remain : two girl sit together toward the center and a lone , nerdy - look boy sit at the rear . the driver be in front of a aluminum divider and , except for the top of he cap , can not be see . end MAIN title sequence on the three kide the two girl be pretty , teen - fashionable and just a little immature . one of they turn back to look over she shoulder . closer angle - the boy poor kid . about 17 , four-eye , bad skin , lousy posture and a obvious inferiority complex . he 's sweat profussely and he stand slightly to unlatch and lower the window . he pull down on it with all he strength but it be hopelessly stick . he sit back down and sigh . suddenly , he feel the girl 's stare . he do not turn but send he eye over to see who 's goggle at he . on girl - jesse's Pov the first girl turn back to she friend to whisper something . the friend turn around to see for herself . int . bus the boy stare forward now and catch she glance directly . the girl shift quickly in they seat to face forard and let out with a uncontrollable rush of mean giggle . the boy be clearly embarrassed now and look down at the book in he lap . we hear the engine revving - the bus seem to be pick up speed . one of the girl stand , ready to get off . girl Pov out window : ext . STREET a mother , she pre -school child on a tricycle and they dog wait for the bus to discharge the girl . ext . STREET the bus speed past the wait group , to they amazement . int . bus the standind girl 's jaw drop open as they shoot by a familiar look intersection and continue to pick up speed . first girl ( to she friend ) hey ! ( call to driver ) hey , that war we stop ! the bus turn a sharp corner and the first girl almost fall . the second girl grip onto the seatback and lift herself to she foot . second girl ( call to the driver ) hey , Joe ! we stop ! her Pov - the front of the bus the unseen driver ignore the call and continue pick up speed . we might notice that he hat have change ; in place of the cap , we can see the top of a batter old fedora . second girl ( o.c . ) hey , let we off ! ext . two - lane STREET - day the sky have suddenly turn ; a wave of threaten cloud sweep overhead and the wind be churn a plant of roadside weep willow into a tangle mess of yellow tendril . the bus whine near the top end of third , all of its flasher be go like the dashboard be have a major coronary . it pass the last house and head into open terrain . in the bus the second girl step into the aisle and start make she way toward the front of the coach . second girl ( under she breath ) deaf old fart ... she stop suddenly and gasp as she watch the driver' arm emerge to throw the floorshift into fourth . his hand be clad in a strange glove that tip he finger with a menace set of razor - sharp , steel talon . his sleeve be char and smoking . the bus swerve wildly as it skid around a corner , throw its few passenger into collision course with the wall and each other . a flash of lightning crash through the air . ext . desert landscape as the lightning subside , the sky be dark . the bus scream along , bang through rock and ditch , crashing through a wall of overgrown bramble . thick cloud of steam pour out from under he hood and stream back along toward the rear of the vehicle . on the boy hold of to he seatback and watch out the window in terror as tree tear loose from the ground i the bus'wake . we hear a loud rumbling and the bus begin to shake as if the planet itself be split in two . on the bus skid across the desert landscape , be thrown to and for laterally , at the mercy of the shudder landscape . on a front wheel as the tire smack into a jag boulder , snapping the wheel from its axle . on the front end bouncing to a violent halt , the bumer digging a long trench into the earth . in the bus the kide pick themselves up from the floor . it be very hot and smoky inside . they have move closer together now , sweat , scared . frantically , the boy try to open a window , but it will not budge . he look out the window and gasp . ext . Pov from window the ground below begin to split apart and tumble into a deep fissure that be encirl the bus . on the moor , the bus CENTER the land be imploding all around it ; huge chunks of the earth 's crust be shearing themselves loose from the edge of the fissure and tumble into oblivion . in moment , the bus be strand on the narrow tip of a tower ridge of crumble stone . the bus teeter precariously , taste the smoky abyss in every direction . inside the second girl be on al four in the aisle . she look up toward the driver 's seat . second girl ( see something hideous ) Jesus ! she scramble to she foot and begin back off . the floor of the bus shift dangerously , throw the girl into the edge of one of the seat . on the driver as he make he way toward the back . we do nog see he face but he be dress in a filthy green and red sweater . in the b.g. , the dashboard instrument be sparking and send thick black fume toward the ceiling . smoke be rise off he body as if he just step out of some horrible fire . a small patch of skin on he hand sizzle and pop and drip a molten glob of flesh that burn a small hole in a seat cushion . his razor - talon sweep along the top of the seat - back cutting deep gashes into the green vinyl upholstery and scraping horribly over the tubular steel support pole . on the boy terrify . lookign first at the awful talon , then out the window at the deadly drop and back at the bus driver . on the girl sweating , panic . they back away , go from window to window , try desperately to pull they down . they be all lock tight . one reach for the emergence door leer at the rear of the bus . it come off in she hand . the kid huddle together , petrify , scream , as the driver be upon she . cu : driver he lift the awful , talon glove in f.g. behind , obscure by smoke , we see , for a instant , he fce -- the face of freddy . he raise he weapon arm higher and strike . smash CUT to : int . walsh house - kitchen - morning close on a steel blade cut into red flesh . we pull back and see that it be mom , slice a tomato at the kitchen counter . this be a all - american family ; along with a mom , there 's a dad and a kid sister name ngela and they will be have breakfast together . a moment later , there be a muffle , off - camera scream . Mom look up . we can also make out the ringing of a alarm clock in another part of the house . angela jump slightly at the scream . she 's a pretty little eleven - year old , genuinely cute , not precocious . angela ( to Mom ) why can not jesse wake up like every - body else ? mom ( hushed ) shhh . he must have have another night - mare . CUT to : int . walsh house - jesse's room - morning on jesse's bed . a alarm clock ring loudly . jesse walsh ( 17 ) be sit up in bed . he 's sweaty and scared and disorient as he slam he hand down on the alarm and try to shake the nightmare out of he head . we see that he 's the boy on the bus only he 's not half - bad look - far from nerdy . he have no skin problem and he do not wear glass and he body 's in good shape . as he get out of bed , still shaky from the dream , and we see that he bedroom be litter with cardboard carton - most of they open and half -empty . he trip over a carton on he way to he jeans . int . walsh house - kitchen - morning Mom be at the stove cooking egg for she family . she look up , worried , as jesse come in and head for the refrigerator . jesse ( mumble ) ' Morning . mom ( put on a smile ) ' Morning , honey . jesse pour himself a glass of milk from the fridge . he join dad and Angela family at the breakfast table . dad you get you room straighten out yet ? jesse ( yawn ) it 's get there . dad we have only be live here six week now . I want that room unpack by tonight . mom come over with some egg for dad . mom ( to jesse ) want some egg ... Angela , what be you do ? on angela she be struggle to put she hand deep into a box of fu -man chews breakfast cereal . angela ( frustrated ) I be try to get the fu-man finger ! printed on the box be a cartoon caricature of the Oriental doctor point to a bowl of he product with one of he long , sharp fingernails . there 's a burst above the product name that read : " free inside - fu-man finger " and show a draw of a hand wear several extra-long , red plastic fingernails on its fingertip . Mom let Angela go of with she search and turn back to jesse , wait for he answer . mom jess ? jesse huh ? mom egg ? jesse rub he temple . he be away for a minute but he 's back now . jesse oh ...uh , no , just some milk , Mom . mom you okay ? dad eye he suspicously . jesse yeah , I be fine . just really hot upstairs . mom ( nod ) I know it 's warm ... ( to dad ) I wish you would call someone to check out the air conditioning , Ken . dad ( defensively ) I know what 's wrong with the air codition - just need a shot of freon , be all . jesse dad 's fixin ' something again . hit the deck ! dad do not be a smart ass . a short silence as they all look back to they plate . mom ( to jesse ) so , school go alright ? jesse ( shrug ) okay , I guess . mom make friend ? jesse be look around for some escape - this interrogation be get a little too personal . jesse yeah , you know how it be ... on angela she grab onto the prize at the botto of the box and give a yank . a bagful of fu man finger come out in she hand along with half the box of cereal . SOUND over : doorbell ringing Mom turn to answer the door , but jesse immediately jump up and cut she off . jesse that 's Lisa - I gotta get to school . dad ( call after he ) who 's Lisa ? but jesse be go ; just a kitchen door , swinging in he wake . int . walsh house - foyer - day as jesse open the front door to lisa poletti ( 17 ) . she be face the street and she turn around when she hear the door open . not a knock - out but real pretty , with a intelligence and sweetness about she -- she be truly lovely . lisa hi. she smile and jesse 's eye light up . ext . walsh house - day they walk to jesse's car - a beat - up , blue falcon park curbside . jesse ( gratefully ) you timing be perfect - I be get the third degree in there . lisa how come ? jesse ah , nothing . jesse open Lisa 's car door for she . she step in and sit down . in the car the interior be worse than the body . the upholstery be tear to shred , the dashboard be crack and peel and there 's a big hole where the radio use to be . a cheap , a.m. transistor radio hang by its wrist strap from the rear-view mirror . jesse hop in and shift around to get comfortable , and reach under the dash to pull out a couple of bare wire . Lisa watch he routinely twist the wire together , amused . lisa be not you afraid somebody could steal you car like that ? jesse ( preposterously ) look at this car . be you kid ? he sit up again and reach for a toggle switch that have be crudely drill into the dash . he flick the switch . jesse move he finger to another alien button in the dash and push it . the starter turn over slowly , the engine backfire and the car start noisily . jesse give she the " thumb up " as if he be a World War I Ace and put the car into gear . it buck and fart and rumble up the street . ext . pool - rear , walsh house - day dad float on a foam chair in the middle of the rather run-down pool , sip coffee from a mug bear the word " dad " . he look over he domain with satisfaction and inhale a deep breath of fresh , suburban sir . mom come out the back door . she look just a bit worried . mom Ken , should not you be get to the office ? it 's almost nine . ken as soon as i finish my coffee . I be enjoy my pool right now . ( sip he coffee ) I love we new house . do not you ? mom ( sigh heavily ) of course I do , Ken . ken what 's the problem , shirl ? mom ( point behind she ) it 's just I will be a lot happier when you finish take down that bar . camera pan up and zoom in to reveal bar on the upper window -- this be the old Thompson house , replete with the security paraphernalia that keep Nancy Thompson prisoner five year prior . mom ( o.c . ) people that live here before must have be truly paranoid . ext . high school - day establish shot of school , shot from parking lot with jesse be car in f.g. School be in session , so the only student we see be two CLASS -cutter lean against a car pass a joint . ext . hight school practice field - day a intramural softball game be in progress . coach schneider , a nasty look ex - Marine , stand behind home plate as a umpire . jesse be cover second base . ronny grady , a tough - look wise - ass type , step up to the plate . he knock the mud off he sneaker with he bat and take he stance . on jesse he glance over to the adjacent field . he Pov the girl be in the middle of archery instruction . lisa be there , mighty tempting look in she little , powder blue gym suit , a quiver strapped to she shoulder and a longbow in she hand . kerry , a dizzy , bloomingdale 's - punk , step up alongside Lisa as the latter catch jesse 's stare . schneider ( o.c . ) Strike ! kerry ( to Lisa , be jesse ) he make any move yet ? Lisa smile and wave to jesse . lisa ( aside to Kerry ) I only know he a few week , Kerry . on jesse he wave back . back to lisa and kerry kerry I think he need a push start . Lisa turn to face the target , slide a arrow into the nock point , draw back the bowstring and let the arrow go . on the target it 's a bull 's - eye . crack ! grady get hold of a perfect pitch and send it fly over the head of the pitcher . back to jesse boom ! the ball skid off the side of he head and the kid collapse . he teammate rush to he side and help jesse to he foot . he 's more embarrassed than hurt and he wave away any over-attention . coach shneider join the circle of body around he . schneider you okay ? jesse yeah , I be fine . schneider ( walk away ) well , pay attention , next time ! jesse re-take he position on the base . grady ( o.c . ) maybe you oughta try something a little more you speed , walsh . like knitting . jesse just now realize that it be grady who score a double off he skull . he 's stand just off the bag , harass jesse while wait to be hit home . jesse ( flipping he the bird ) knit this , grady . grady sneer and give he the " jack - off " sign . jesse toss a " italian salute " , slapping one hand into the crook of he arm and throw up " the finger " for good measure . grady grab he own crotch and point to it obscenely . on the pitcher he send one over the plate , the batter catch it dead - center and pound it back to leave field . grady make a break for third , only to be force back by the left fielder toss the ball to the third baseman . on jesse his glove up to receive the throw as grady steam towards he . the ball snap into jesse 's mitt and grady turn on he ankle to shoot back to third . jesse and the third baseman toss the ball between , each time move closer in toward grady . grady switch direction with the ball , trap between they . grady dive into a head - first slide , try to sneak past jesse . jesse swoops down and tag he out . thorougly aggravate , grady rise to he foot by reach out and grab onto jesse 's gym short and yanking they down to he ankle , revealing jesse 's bare buns-in - a- jockstrap to the world . jesse lunge for grady , trip over he short and the two of they begin roll around in the dirt , duking it out . on the girl in the next field watch the wrestle match with ausement . on lisa and kerry Lisa try like hell to repress some laughter . kerry cut ass . on scneider push he way through a crowd of laugh , cheer spectator and jump in to break up the scuffle . he lift both boy up by they neck . schneider okay boy , assume the position ! int . coach office - day schneider be at he desk . two boy carry gym bag pass outside the coach 's office . they wave to he through the wire -glass window . boy ' night coach . schneider give they a cold glance . he check he watch , get up and go to a window to look outside . he Pov - the practice field jesse and grady , side by side in the center of the baseball diamond . they be in " front - lean rest " position , the cruel and painful freeze pushup that end halfway to the ground with elbow bent . we do not know how long they have be out there but it 's probably hour . it seem just a little darker out and a lonely wind be blow around they arm and leg . in the b.g. , kide be filing out of the building - some sop to look out at the two boy , point and snicker . angle : we see lisa among the kid . she stop for a moment and view the scene with concern . on jesse and grady they be dirty , they shirt be rip and jesse have a tiny bruise over he cheek . and they be tired too . the muscle in they arm be twitching convulsively and they talk to each other between groan and through tooth clench with pain . we hear the off - camera SOUND of several buss pull out . jesse how much longer you figure he will keep we out here ? grady could be all night . ( nodd in the coach 's direction ) guy get he rock off like this . hang out in queer S & m joint downtown . like prettyboy like you . jesse get outa here . grady do not pursue it . instead , he look around and try to think of some small - talk . grady ( finally ) so , what about you and that poletti girl ? jesse what about it ? grady you two get a thing go , or what ? jesse she 's a neighbor , I drive she to school . grady she give you any carfare for the ride ? jesse you get a problem with I , grady ? grady ( shrug ) naw . just kill time . SOUND over : a whistle blowing on the coach dress in he street clothes , crossing the field toward the faculty parking lot . he pull the whistle from he mouth . schneider ( to the boy ) okay boy , hit the shower . int . boy locker room - day jesse and grady stand at opposite end of a row of locker and change into they street clothes . they movement be slow and cumbersome - like a pair of creaky old man . grady ( finally ) so , you live around here . jesse ( sigh wearily ) not too far . my folk buy a place over on elm Street . grady stop buttone he shirt and look up at jesse . grady elm Street ? you tell I you move in to that big white house with the bar on the window ? jesse yeah , why ? grady shake he head and tuck he shirtail in . grady shit , you can tell you old man he 's a real chump . jesse what the hell be you talk about ? grady they have only be try to unload that dump for five year . that place be bad news . some chick be lock in there by she mother and she go crazy . she watch she boyfriend get butcher by some maniac in the house across the street . her poor drunken momma take she own life right inside you front door . jesse stare dubiously at grady . jesse ( with a nervous laugh ) you be full of shit . jesse pull he knapsack from the locker shelf , slam the door shut and walk away . on grady he smile mischievously and shut he own locker door . ext . school parking lot - day jesse's car be park among a handful of other . lisa lean against the front fender , waithing patiently . her Pov jesse step out of the building and spot she . he hurry across the lot . on lisa as jesse approach . jesse ( surprised to see she ) hi ! you do not have to wait . lisa that 's okay , I want to . he raise a eyebrow as he open the door for she . he like that . another angle as jesse slide in beside she and start the engine . she look he over . he look like he 's be through the mill a couple of time . lisa you okay ? jesse yeah , yeah , sure . lisa let I look at you eye ... jesse lift he chin to show off the tiny bruise over he cheekbone . he look almost a little proud of it - like it 's a old war wound . Lisa touch it tenderly . lisa you should not be fight with that jerk . jesse who , grady ? grady 's alright , he 's just a hothead . lisa you mean a shithead . jesse ( laugh ) yeah . he gun the engine and they pull away . ext . walsh house - establishing shot - night it 's very late . the house be dark and even the cricket have hit the sack . int . jesse's bedroom - night jesse 's have trouble sleep . he turn over on different side and punch up he pillow a couple of time , stare into space and finally sit up . he get out of bed , pull on a pair of pants and exit . kitchen he enter . the room be light only by the glow of a three quarter moon . he regains he composure and step over to the sink to pull off a absurd length of paper toweling . we see it just when jesse do ; a grotesque face have be peer into the window all this time . it disappear from view on jesse 's double take . jesse stop for a moment to slow down he heart . he take a deep breath and step up to the back door . he open the door . ext . side of walsh house - night jesse open the gate and enter . it be really quiet ; not even night -sound . he strain to see past the shrubbery that surround the house . jesse ( hoarse whisper ) grady ? he look around . jesse it better be you , you son of a bitch ! we hear a awful sound from somewhere - wood rippigng . jesse make he way cautiously along the side of the house . he notice a red-orange light be flicker from behind a cellar window . he get down on he hand and knee to investigate . the cellar - he Pov a intruder be bent over by the furnace , light only by a raging fire in the fire -box . he put he hand right into the flame and begin digging for something way in the back of the furnace . we can not see he face but he be dress in a filthy green and red stripe sweater and a batter hat . he pull out a bundle of rag , set it on top of the furnace and proceed to unwrap it . on jesse jesse ( petrify ) Holy shit ... he stand up and look around frantically . he do not know what to do . jesse ( near tear ) Holy shit ... he hurry out the gate that lead to the front of the house . int . walsh house - night jesse enter the house and scan the foyer . he head toward the cellar door . it be ajar -- the lockhas be splintered as if by a huge wrecking bar -- and we can hear the roar of the furnace from below . he stick he head inside the cellar door and peek down . he Pov the shadow of a figure ; movement on the cellar wall . on jesse breathe heavily . Brain whirring . slam ! he pull the basement door close and hold it shut tight , practically hyper-ventilate . jesse ( scream ) dad ! he look around frantically . jesse dad ! something inside start to pull the cellar door open . jesse try to hold it shut , but the inexorable force continue to inch it open . jesse let go and bolt toward the foyer . freddy be stand in he path , a sick smile on he scar face . he flash he razor - knife at jesse . freddy ( sinisterly ) daddy can not help you now . jesse try to make a break for it but freddy be too fast . his un - talone hand get a iron grip on jesse 's shirt collar . freddy I have be wait five year for you , jesse . we get special work to do , you and I . thing be really gonna heat up . jesse struggle to get free . freddy tighten he iron grip and fan he talon threateningly . jesse 's head stretch back from the chock pain . freddy we will do real good together , you and I . freddy hurl jesse against the wall . freddy you get the body ... ( doff he hat ) I get the brain . with that , freddy remove he hat . there be no skull under there - just a pulsate mass of blody brain matter . jesse let out a agonize scream . CUT to : int . jesse's bedroom - night on jesse , still in bed but he entire body arched backwards over the mattress . his scream continue until he collapse back down into the sheet . on he door it fly open and dad crash into the room , follow by mom . they go to he bedside and stare at he as he pants and cough he way back to consciousness . mom ( to dad ) maybe we should call a doctor . jesse no. I be okay . he sit up to prove it . jesse really . just a bad dream . int . high school biology classroom - day a rather bored look group of student be listen with little interest to the dron of they teacher , mr able , who be lecture they from the front of the room . mr. able so , to review , the solid waste , that nutrient that be not absorb in the lining of the stomach , the large intestine , the small intestine - the alimentary canal - be pass out through the colon ... SOUND over : a fake fart laughter from the class . able look up crossly from he note until the laugh trail off . mr. able ( o.c. ) ( continue ) the liquid nutrient be then carry through a elaborate system of filter , aid by the pancreas , liver and gall bladder ... two girl at the back of the room look at each other . one put she finger in she mouth and pretend to gag . as able drone on in the b.g. , we be on jesse he 's have a hell of a time keep he eye open . his head bob intermittently as he start to nod out . on grady he nudge a classmate at the next desk to look over toward jesse . they snicker . on jesse , there Pov nodd out back to able mr. able or collect in the bladder to be expell at a later time . and this entire process be keep move through " the circulatory system " , the center of which be ... ( a beat ) ... the heart . on the beat , he reach under he lab table and plunk a bloody calf heart down right in the center of it . we hear disgust groans from the class . mr. able ... four chamber , just like the human heart , really . able describe the path by stick he index finger into each orifice . mr able from the body , through the right auricle , to the right ventricle and out the pulmonary artery to the lung . back to jesse , asleep a particularly ugly and ferocious look snake be wrapping itself around he arm , make its way toward jesse 's face . close on jesse as he wake up slowly and look down groggily toward he arm . the snake open wide and emitsa long demonic hiss . jesse scream and hastily begin pull the reptile away from he . on able stand next to jesse , he pull the snake off he arm and drop it into a nearby tank . mr. able if you want to play with animal , Mr. walsh , join the circus . guffaw from the class . jesse look around , bewilder and embarrassed . he spot grady , grin widely . int . the walsh house - live room - early evening comfortable and very suburban . a major color t.v. take up the wall opposite a pair of his and hers barcalounger . dad be watch the six o'clock News on the tube and fan himself with a t.v. guide . mom sit on the couch with angela , help she with a jigsaw puzzle . two parakeet be flutter around inside a cage near the entry into the dining room . jesse bounce down the stairway , a roll towel tuck under he arm . dad stare at he angrily then turn back to the game . jesse cross in front of the set on he way out of the room . dad where be you go ? jesse just out for a while . dad ( shaking he head ) I tell you I want that room unpack . jesse ( begging ) oh , come on dad ... dad no . ( point toward the stairway ) upstair . jesse 's about to protest but dad cut he off . dad ( firmly ) now . jesse turn around , mumble something under he breath and stomp back upstairs . ext . lisa' house - poolside - early evening a pair of glass slider lead from the house onto a stretch of patio that surround a gorgeous build - in swim pool . the patio be dot with all the amenity of backyard recreation : a gas bar - b- que grill , a wet -bar , plenty of pipe furniture and even a pair of free-stand cabanas . the entire set - up be contain by a six - foot , chain link security fence . lisa step out of the cabana , wear a swim suit . she toss she towel onto a nearby chair and cross to the diving board . on the board she bounce lightly and jump off , cut gracefully through the water and come up in the center of the pool . mrs . poletti , a pleasant look woman in she late 40' , slide open the patio door and poke she head out . mrs . poletti ( call ) there 's a jesse on the phone . lisa ( o.c . ) okay ... thanks . lisa swim to the edge of the pool and hoist herself up . she throw the towel over she shoulder and pick up a wireless phone from a low table . lisa jesse , hi ... ( a beat , diappoint ) oh ... that 's okay . sorry you can not make it . ( a beat ) no , I understand . Parents can be real pain ... I will see you in the morning , then ... she hang up and frown . int . walsh house - jesse's room - night jesse stand at the foot of the bed , surveying the job unhappily and try to figure out where to start . finally , he pull a shoe BOX from inside a larger carton , place it on he desk and lift the lid . it 's full of cassette tape . he rifle through they , select one and pop it inot a portable cassette player on the desk . he push the " play " button . the tape be rock and roll . the music get he move a bit . he survey the room , then go to a carton near the bookshelves . he reach deep into the near - empty carton and pull out a stack of book which he plop on the shelf next to other book already unpack . he toss the carton aside . he 's get into the music now as he spin around to face the bureau . he open a SMALL pox on the bureau while be-bopp along and pull out a pair of sunglass which he put on , practically dance . he dump the content of the box haphazardly into a bureau drawer . jesse open a large bureau drawer . he grb a nearby box and dump it into the large drawer , smoothing it over perfunctorily with he hand . a stetson cowboy hat be on top . he drop it on he head and pull it down low over he eye . on a full length mirror jesse step into frame to get a look at himself . he like what he see as he mime a guitar riff along with the music . in one smooth move , in rhythm with the music , he seing around and move to the desk . he dump a SMALL BOX of pencil and supplies into the desk drawer . as a afterthought , he grab a couple of pencil out of the drawer and drum a few beat on the desk with they . he shove the pencil up he nostril , tuck he thumb under he armpit and wave he elbow like he 's do the " funky Chicken " . silly stuff that one owuld only do behind close door . he spin around , throw he arm out and stop ddead in he track . he Pov lisa and mom be stand in he doorway . Mom look horrify . Lisa repress a giggle . Mom reach over and knock timidly on the open door . jesse hastily pull the pencil out of he nose and dive for the stereo to turn it off . beet-re , he toss the hat and sun glass onto the bed and try to look nonchalant . jesse ( embarrassed ) hi. jesse look to Mom who take the hint and turn to leave . Lisa take a step into the room . lisa ( when Mom be out of range ) I tell she you invite I over . I guess I should have call , huh ? behind the embarrassment , he 's glad to see she . he put the pencil in the desk drawer and shut it . jesse no , that 's okay . I be just ... unpack . lisa I know . Lisa casually step over to a carton and peek in . lisa I figure you might like some help . jesse ( pleasantly surprised ) yeah ? jesse's room - later the room be shaping up nicely with only a few box remain . jesse pull a bundle wrap in newspaper from a carton . he tear away the paper , revealing a baseball trophy . he place it on a conspicuous corner of he dresser . Lisa reach into the box , retrieve a aerosol can and look at it . on the can a medicate spray for jock itch . lisa ( o.c . ) where do this go ? jesse grab the can from she hand and put it down on the dresser behind the trophy . jesse ( mortify ) there 's a box of sweater over there if you want to put they up in the closet . Lisa be anxious to pitch in . she nod good - naturedly and step over to she assignment . CUT to : inside the closet as Lisa open the door and pull a overhead chain to switch on the light . another angle as she drag a chair over , lift a pile of sweater from a open box , step up on the chair and stack they on a shelf . she start to step back down when something catch she attention in the back corner of the shelf . she reach in and pull out a small , red leatherbound book . lisa what 's this ? jesse step over to look at it . on the book about two - third the size of a average paperback , it have a match leather thong that snap into a small latch on the front and open the book . lisa ( read ) " Nancy Thompson , 1428 elm ... " ( look up at he ) hey , this thing be five year old . jesse step over and look over she shoulder . jesse you know she ? lisa ( shaking she head ) uh-uh . before my time . she turn a few page . lisa ( read ) " February 17th - my birtday . daddy come by today with a big ol ' stuff bear for I . he take I to dinner and a movie and when we get back , he and mother have another one of they fight . he leave angry . I wish they would stop fight ... " jesse wave the diary away , uninterested . he cross back to continue unpack . lisa I think it 's sad ... jesse ( cynically ) traumas of a ten-year old . Lisa leaf through a few more page , stop and begin read with widen eye . she glance at jesse and smile impishly . lisa ( read ) " March 7th - Glen ask I to sleep with he again . I can not yet - I like he , I want to make he happy but I be not sure that I love he . I can not sleep with someone I do not love . " jesse that 's typical . I hope she do not expect to make the best seller list with this thing . Lisa ignore he and scan the page . lisa ( find something ) wow , listen to this ! ( read ) " sometimes , when I be lie here in bed , I can see Glen , in he window across the way , get ready for bed . his body be slim and smooth and I know I should not watch but that part of I that want he force I to . that 's when I weaken . that 's when I want to go to he ... " jesse be suddenly interested . he walk over and Lisa hand he the diary with the page open to that entry . he read it and quickly turn the page . he frown and turn another , then another . jesse that 's it ? ( another couple of page ) wait , she skip a week . ( read ) " March 15 - he come to I at night . horrible . Ugly . dirty . under the sheet with I , tear at my night - gown with he steel claw ... " jesse 's voice trail off on " claw " and a chill of vague recognition go through he . he check the cover of the book and flip back a few page . Lisa move closer to read over he shoulder . jesse compose himself and look back at the book . jesse ( read ) " his name be Fred and he keep take I to the boiler room . he want to kill I . " jesse almost shiver . he turn the page , and he freeze . lisa what be it ? on the diary jesse show she the page . there be one sentence scrawle across the next entry . Lisa read it . lisa " Tina be dead . " on jesse and lisa they look at each other , spook . he turn the page . jesse ( read ) " Rod 's be kill - he get Rod . just Glen and I now . can not fall asleep ! " lisa wow ... jesse 's face turn ashen as he look up at Lisa . lisa be you okay . jesse ( nodd ; cover ) something grady tell I today about the people that live here last . girl go crazy - see she boyfriend kill in the house across the street ... he be interrupt by Mom , poke she head into the room . mom ( cheerfully ) how 's it go ? jesse instinctively hide the diary behind he back . jesse okay ... she look over the room , impressed at the progress . mom look great ! think you might want to take a break - get some cold cider downstairs . jesse look at Lisa to see what she want to do . Lisa look over at jese 's alarm clock . the time be 8 p.m. lisa ( stand up ) no ... thanks . I better get back . ( to jesse ) get a major paper due the end of this week . mom ( ducking back out ) well , it 's there if you change you mind . jesse wait for she to leave . jesse ( to Lisa ) be you sure ? lisa ( nod sourly ) World History . ( brighten ) but , I will see you in the morning , right ? jesse nod . lisa ( point to the diary ) hot stuff . let I know how it turn out . jesse open the door for she . jesse I will walk you downstairs . int . walsh house - live room - night mom wrap the night - cover over the bird cage . she step past angela on the couch and cross in front of dad , in he recliver , vegetate in front of the tube . she sit and loosen she collar a bit . on dad he shift uncomfortably and wipe some bead sweat from he upper lip . mom ( to dad ) a little warm in here , huh ? dad get up from he chair . his shirt be sticky with perspiration . jesse step in from the dining room , a glass of milk in he hand . on angela look up at jesse . she put a finger to she lip . angela shhh ... the bird be sleep . jesse notice the intense heat in the room immediately . his eye widen portentiously . on dad at the thermostat . dad ( astound ) it 's 97 degree in here ! he pull off the coverplate and start fiddling with the coil . suddenly , a loud squawk from the other side of the room make everyone look up . jesse put he milk down on he t.v. and hurry over to the cage , rip the cover away . on the bird cage another series of horrible cry as one of the budgie proceed to rip up the neck of the other one with he sharp beak . longer angle : jesse throw open the door and try to pull the attack bird off he victim . the vicious one continue the rabid attack on jesse 's hand , draw blood . as jesse pull he arm out , the bird fly out into the live room , roaring a repetitive war - cry that be eerie and unnatural for something that size . mom and dad jump to they foot . angela start scream at the top of she lung . on the bird it circle around the ceiling and then dive for dad , cut a deep gash under he eye . it seem much larger than it be before - maybe twice its original size . dad ( scream ) get a broom or something ! angle : live room Mom dash out of the room . the bird swoops down , head for Angela but crash into the shade of a table lamp , knock it to the floor . it flutter to the ceiling and hover near a light fixture . its beak and most of its head be cover in blood and it open its mouth to emit a gutteral growl . mom return with a broom and hand it to dad . as dad approach and lift the broom to he shoulder , the bird scream agai and dive for jesse . jesse throw he arm out to block the attack . the bird reverse direction and dad swing in mid-air with the broom . he miss , demolosh the remain table lamp instead . on the bird it hover again in the air , seemingly without any mean of support , puffing up , growing angrier , more demonic . then , just as it seem ready for a last lethal attack , there be a loud bang and the bird literally explode into flame in mid-air . the family look at one another in horror and disbelief . the only sound in the room be angela , attach to she mother 's leg and whimper quietly . int . walsh house - kitchen - night crash ! dad dump a odd assortment of home handyan tool on the kitchen table . he pick through they , select a pipe wrench and a screw driver . he cross to the stove . we see Mom in the b.g. , stand , not quite cower , still in shock from the bird attack . jesse be lean on the counter , next to the range , watch he father 's determine move . dad lean into the appliance and attempt to pull it away from the wall , probably tear six or seven ligament in the process . after several try , he stop and look up at he son . dad help I with this thing ! jesse it 's not the gas , dad ! dad ( angrily ) do not tell I it 's not the gas ! he yank on the stove with more vehemence . dad do not tell I it 's not the gas ! you mother think she smell gas . mom ( timidly ) I be not sure , Ken ... dad ( to Mom ) alright then , what be it ? Bird raby ? that cheap seed you have be buy ? mom ( resent that ) oh , please ... dad what be it then ? there 's get to be a explanation . animal just do not burst into flame for no reason ! jesse well it sure be not leaky gas pipe . dad stand up suddenly , cracking he head on the edge of the range hood . mom ( concerned ) Ken ! as he groan in pain , he 's suddenly hit with a revelation . he point a accusatory finger at jesse . dad you set this all up , do not you ? one of you sick joke ? jesse what be you talk about ? dad you know what I be talk about . what do you use , a fire cracker ? a cherry bomb ? jesse be angry now . jesse I do not have to listen to this ! he storm out of the kitchen . dad come back here ! mom ( upset ) Ken ! dad look blankly at the wrench in he tremble hand . dad I do not know ... I do not know , shirl . he use to be a good kid . CUT to : ext . jesse's house - night Dark again , sleep soundly . int . walsh home - second floor hallway - night jesse emerge from he room and ease the door shut as quietly as possible . he stop to listen for any sign of he parent be awake . SOUND over : snore from behind there bedroom door he step lightly past they room and toward the head of the stair . we follow jesse as he descend the stair into the darken foyer . the cellar door jesse stop there , momentarily lose he nerve . he finally turn the knob and open the door . int . walsh home - cellar - night jesse pull a overhead chain , flooding the cellar with light . it 's just as he see it in he dream but devoid of any intruder . he step up the the furnace , squat down and open the firebox door . he reach in . to he horror , he feel something and pull out a object , wrap in rag . on the object as he unwrap it . a old , beat leather glove with a row of rusty knife blade protrude from the finger . suddenly , the furnace switch on with a roar . flame be leaping out of the firebox . freddy ( o.c. ) ( laughingly ) hot enough for you ? jesse reel around . freddy be just across the room . freddy ( be : the glove ) go ahead , jesse . try it on for size ! jesse look at the glove . the blade be no longer rusted but gleam and sharp . he throw the weapon to the floor . freddy move in closer . jesse what do you want ? freddy I need you to finish my work . let I teach you , jesse . we will have fun . you like my little trick with the bird ? freddy advance . jesse step behind a stack of carton . freddy kill for I . ( laugh ) c'mon jesse . come to freddy . jesse push over a stack of carton in he path and dive for the step . halfway up he miss he foot and slip , tumble back down . another angle as jesse come to at the foot of the cellar step . the furnace have stop and freddy be go . as he get to he foot , he notice . the glove on the floor , where he drop it as shiny and new as the day it be make . int . walsh house - kitchen - morning mom , dad , and angela be all at the breakfast table , pick at they food ; none of they be particularly hungry this morning . jesse enter and head wordlessly to a coffee pot on the stove . he pour himself a cup and turn abound to face he family . jesse and dad be make a extra effort to avoid each other 's eye contact . on angela she 's still feel bad , draw little circle in a puddle of maple syrup with a corner of she waffle . jesse ( to dad , suddenly ) why do it take they five year to sell this house , dad ? dad shrug he shoulder uncomfortably . dad I do not know . could not get the right price , I suppose . jesse and you do not know anything about a murder across the street and a crazy girl who live here - who see the whole thing ? Mom look at dad . this be all news to she . dad ( testily ) I do not know . ( a beat , come clean ) they tell I something about it , yeah . what difference do it make ? he feel Mom 's stare and finally turn to she . dad oh , come on , shirl , how would you think we get such a good deal ? ( to jesse ) listen - all old house have storey . jesse do they tell you she go totally out of she mind - that they have to put she away ? and that she mother kill herself in we live room ? on angela she slide up to Mom . angela mommy , I be scared . mom ( comforting she ) shhhhh . jesse and daddy be just make believe , sweetheart . ( to jesse ) I do not think we should be talk about this now . dad turn back to jesse . dad ( indicate Angela ) you see what you be do ? now I do not want to hear another word about it . there 's nothing wrong with this house ! on mom he look up from Angela and sniff the air . mom something burn ? Mom and dad oth look toward the counter - top . the toaster , there Pov glowing red - hot and then , not just smokey toast but flame leaping out of the bread slot . Mom gasp and dad jump to he foot , grab a dish - towel and begin beat out the fire . jesse turn white as he watch the scene . dad turn white as he watch the scene . dad turn away from the smolder toaster , toss the towel aside and head back toward the table . dad craziest damn thing I ever see - be not even plugge in . jesse put he cut down hard on the counter and walk out . the screen door slam behind he . Mom look at dad , horrify as anglea cling to ehr side . ext . mc donald' parking lot - day in jesse's car as jesse unroll the bundle of rag he find the night before and let the finger knife drop with a clatter on the seat between himself and lisa . on Lisa 's side of the dashboard we see the remnant of a big , fast - food breakfast ; Egg McMuffin , danish , orange juice and coffee . jesse nurse a cup of joe as Lisa pick up the glove and examine it with interest . lisa this be amazing ! you dream tell you where this be ? jesse ( nod ) only it be more like , you know , sleep - walk . all I know be I wake up on the cellar floor next to it . he reach into he knapsack and pull out the diary . jesse forget about go back to sleep after that . I be up all night . ( more intense ) I finish read this . it get real crazy towards the end , after all the death stuff . but then she say some - thing really freaky - about she mother take she down to the basement to show she the glove . on lisa she 's totally suck in to the story , wide - eye and wait for more . she offer a french fry to jesse . he shake he head . she pop it into she mouth and nod for jesse to go on . jesse that 's when she start talk about Fred krueger . lisa who ? jesse Fred krueger . the guy in she dream who 's come to kill she . seem he be a real guy , ten year before who go around kidnap kid and kill they . on lisa she emit a long , windy whistle . int . school corridor - day kide be at they locker , take off they jacket and get together everything they will need for the day . on jesse and lisa as they walk down the hall together . lisa maybe you be have a premonition or something . you know , like that guy who help the police solve crime and find miss people . you ever have anything like this happen before ? jesse think about it . jesse ( finally ) no. never . ( a beat ) you think that 's what it be ? lisa ( thoughtfully ) I do not know . they stop in the middle of the corridor . lisa can I look at that diary for a little while ? jesse raise he eyebrow vaguely , reach in he bag and hand over the book . lisa ( take it ) thanks . before she can go on , they be interrupt by a squeaky voice to they side . at the sound of it , Lisa display annoyed recognition . kerry ( o.c . ) hi , guy . longer angle : lisa hi , Kerry . kerry ( to Lisa ) I get you invitation yesterday . thanks . ( a beat ) any cute guy gonna be there ? lisa ( tired sigh ) all of they . kerry yor dad pick the music again ? lisa ( smile ) Mom 's try to keep he upstairs . jesse look at Lisa quizzically . lisa ( to jesse ) last party I have , dad insisted on play nothing but benny goodman record all night . the class bell ring . Lisa lean over and kiss jesse . lisa I will see you later , okay ? the kiss take he by surprise as she walk off with Kerry . jesse ( call after she ) I may be late . Baseball practice ! ext . high school practice field - day the school team have be split up into two side . there 's a air of excitement about - like it 's a close game , draw to a end . grady be on third , wait to be hit home . the pitcher wind and throw . on the batter a swing and a miss . schneider call he out . he toss the bat aside , disgustedly . jesse be on deck . as he approach the plate : a teamate ( o.c . ) last out . up to you , walsh . on grady he sneer like they might as well just concede the game now and go home early . the pitcher send one right down the middle . jesse let it go and schneider call a strike . he choke up a bit on the bat and take he stance . another perfect pitch and jesse let it go again . schneider Strike ! grady slap himself in the face and shake he head pitifully . the pitcher throw another . this time , jese catch it perfectly , slamming it down the middle for a solid hit . grady score amid cheer and slap on the back . jesse hold up at first . int . boy' locker room - day jesse be at the end of a row of locker . he pull off he shirt and toss it in the locker , take down a towel and set it down on the bench next to he . several boy pass by on they way to they locker or the shower , give jesse the thumbs-up . boy good game , walsh ... Way to go , walsh ...etc . grady approach and go to he own locker , down a few from jesse 's . jesse plop down on the bench and slowly pull off he sneaker . he stop to rub he aching shoulder . grady ( finally ) you hit that ball pretty good , walsh . jesse it be okay . grady who tell you to choke up that way ? jesse my dad . he play in the minor for a while , when he get out of college . grady ( impressed ) no shit . they continue undress in silence . as jesse speak , coach schneider step up behind they . jesse schneider should not have call you out on that double . grady yeah , well , schneider 's get a stick up he ass today . jesse ( laugh ) schneider 's always get a stick up he ass . schneider smile wickedly as he place he hand on the two boy ' shoulder . ext . athletic field - day jesse and grady trudge along at somewhere between a job and a stumble . they talk to each other with word that be punctuate by huff , puff and side-stitch . jesse ( cautiously ) you remember you dream , grady ? grady only the wet one . jesse shoot he a condescending sneer and decide not to pursue it . ext . school parking lot - day the lot be practically empty with most of the student on heir way home by now . jesse 's car be park in the center . lisa be lean on the car , wait with a stack of book at she side . she look up as jesse approach . jesse sorry . schneider id it to I again . lisa I just get here myself . go to the Public Library . ( proudly ) cut four class ! he open the door for she . she pick up the book and climb in . jesse run around to the other side and slide in beside she . jesse ( indicate the book ) what 's all this . lisa Research . ( she kiss he ) hi. ( a intrigue wink ) c'mon , let 's go for a ride . ext . highway - day the blue falcon roll down the highway . inside jesse be drive as lisa re-stack some of the book on she lap and begin leaf through one . lisa I be convinced you have have a genuine psychic vision . jesse look over at she inquisitively . lisa at first I be not sure because you say that you never have anyting like last night happen before . but I find out that most people have the potential for tuning in to " the other world " and neve do . it have something to do with the environment - like they have to be in a place that 's send signal . jesse like a haunt house , right ? I do not believe in ghost . lisa you do not have to . you just have to believe in energy . she shift in she seat to face he . lisa ( intensely ) look , you get electricity in you body , right ? jesse yeah , I know ... synapse neurong ... lisa and heat and chemical reaction . where do it all go when you die ? jesse I do not know - into the air I suppose . lisa ( point up ahead ) make a leave at this corner . jesse turn at the intersection . lisa what about " essential energy " the soul . do that go into the air too ? you think there 's a good energy and a bab energy ? jesse ( confuss ) I do not know . ( a beat ) where be we go ? lisa ( smile mysteriously ) it 's a surprise . ext . abandoned power plant - day a old generate plant , big enough to have serve what be once a small town but rundown and obsolete now . the place be char and the grounds be litter with rubble - as if there would be a fire there long ago . the entrance to the plant be board up and plaster with " no trespassing " sign . many of the board be miss , provide easy access for the score of vandal who have tear through there at one time or another . there be no window at ground level but the top of the building be line with many multi-pane frame ; all of they be either crack or miss . jesse's car pull into frame and he and lisa get out and look the place over . jesse what be this place ? lisa ( excidedly ) remember in the diary - Nancy say that she keep find herself in a boiler room ? Fred krueger work here . it 's a old power - plant - a steam generator ! she pull out several papers and hand they to jesse . lisa here . jesse what 's this ? on the paper xerox of newspaper article . the headline read : " springwood slasher arrested ! " lisa ( o.c . ) I do some read up on we friend , Fred krueger . jesse leaf through the papers . each one be a front page from a local newspaper . headline : " krueger freed on technicality ! d.a. resigns " headline : " justice do - krueger kill by mob ! springwood slasher die in hellish inferno " jesse suck in he breath . int . entranceway , abandoned powerplant - day jesse and Lisa climb between a pair of board and step inside . on lisa she walk toward the center of the plant , fascinate . int . powerplant we can see the remnant of a large boiler room . Big steel pipe jut out of the floor in a tangle of elbow and valve and a clutter of debris . a one -story holdig tank rise above a concrete pit and be meet on top by a mze of catwalk , just under the window . although most of the ceiling have burn away , the interior be surprisingly intact for a derelict building and the overhead light distract form any intrinsic creepiness the place would possess after dark . jesse step in behind she . lisa ( solemnly ) he kidnap twenty kid and bring they all here to die . she give herself a chill but shake it off and turn to jesse . lisa so , you feel anything ? jesse what do you mean ? lisa I think you might be able to make a connection . jesse shrug he shoulder and put he hand to the side of he mouth . jesse ( call ) any ghost in here ? lisa c'mon , cut it out . jesse well , what be I suppose to do ? lisa I do not know . concentrate or some - thing . jesse shift he leg and stare up at the ceiling . he close he eye . jesse ( still concentrate ) I feel like a jerk . lisa shhh . just concentrate . jesse walk around in a small circle , keep hsi head up and he eye close . lisa anything ? jesse ( shake he head ) uh-uh . ( a beat ) wait ... he walk slowly across the room , almost in a trance , until he come to a board lean up against the foot of the mesh- iron stairway that lead up to the catwalk . on the board as he hand reach over to touch it . on lisa step over next to jesse . another angle he pull the board away . a large rat , in she nest , with her young , snarl at he . jesse and Lisa jump into each other 's arm . ext . abandoned powerplant - late afternoon jesse and lisa walk along the outskirt of the building to a pretty cluster of shade tree nearby . Lisa hoist herself up on a boulder and look at the building . jesse disappointed ? lisa about what ? jesse about not find any bogey man ? lisa ( smile ) I will get over it . she be disappointed - she want to find some bogey man . jesse come up close to she and they stare at each other . lisa ( finally ) you be sensitive . I mean you sense that the rat be there . and I can feel something about you . sometimes I feel like I know what you be think . jesse move in closer a put he arm on she shoulder . jesse ( suggestively ) yeah ? lisa ( ignore the suggestion ) maybe it only happen when you be sleep - that 's the way it be with Nancy , be not it ? jesse now , there 's a idea we can take off on . maybe we should drive out to the beach tonight and lay out a couple of blanket and ... ( wink ) until I fall asleep . lisa ( slyly ) maybe we can do that . strictly scientific , of course . jesse move in until they lip be almost touch . jesse Nancy go bonker from this thing . you would not be afraid of be out on the beach with a potential lunatic ? lisa ghostbuster be fearless . they kiss . not little friendly peck like before -- this be the real thing . jesse drop he arm to she waist and she open she leg so that he can get in real close . suddenly , jesse groan in pain and stand upright , tear from they embrace . for the briefest instant , we can see protrusion grow and subside on he forehead and the side of he face . lisa what be it - what 's wrong ? jesse ( hold he stomach ) whoa ! lisa what be it ? jesse I do not know - a sharp pain . Lisa watch he helplessly . finally , the agony lift from jesse 's face . he straighten up . jesse it 's go now . lisa oh , jesse ... Lisa put she arm around he . lisa jesse , this be no good . you have get to get some sleep , jesse . you have get to get some sleep . int . walsh house - jesse's room - night jesse be in bed , toss restlessly and panting heavily . he be drench with sweat and continue to perspire profusely as he sit up and turn on he bedside lamp . a thunderhead be rumbling somewhere nearby . the plastic shade of the lamp be melting . he scan the room pick out various indication of the intense heat that be surround he ; a candle on he bookshelf collapse into a puddle of wax , the laminated top of the night - table be bubbling , a unsheathed record album hang over the corner of the desk , he portable stereo have cave in the center - a daliesque tableau . SOUND over : scraping jesse get out of bed , crossing to the desk . the scraping sound intensife . close on the drawer as jesse open it . Inside , the glove , finger move , independently , unattach , scraping little cut in the bottom of the drawer . on jesse slamm the drawer shut . SOUND over : a swishing SOUND , followed by a thump , again and again upstair hallway jesse , barefoot and wear only a pair of jeans and a unbuttone shirt , step up to the door to Angela 's room . the sound be come from inside . he open the door . angela be stand in the middle of the floor , in she nightgown , seemingly oblivious to the heat . she be jump rope and chant : angela one , two , freddy 's come for you . on jesse , petrified angela ( o.c . ) Three , four , better lock you door . on angela she see she brother stare at she . she do not stop jump but smile and continue she jingle : angela five , six , grab you crucifix ... jesse slam the door shut . kitchen jesse enter , look out the window . a huge bolt of lightning rip through the night sky ; a multiple flash for blue light strobe through the kitchen follow by a crack of intense thunder . another flash of lightning cut across the kitchen itself , shatter some dish on the counter - top , leave a plume of black smoke . ext . downtown STREET - night the rain continue to come down in bucket . jesse enter shot and walk , unprotect in he drench jeans and shirt and seemingly without any knowledge of where he be go . the street be totally empty . ext . don be place - night a seedy tavern on a badly light corner . jesse step into frame . he stare at the place before step up to he door . int . don be place - night the toughest look bar in the entire city . the place be pack with prostitute , pimp , traveling salesmen , a couple of transvestite and a generous delegation of the leather and chain contingency . jesse enter and cross to the bar amid a few stare . he sit on a stool . the bartender draw a cold beer and present it to jesse . as the bartender turn away , jesse reach for the glass . a hand slap down on he wrist and hold it tightly . he look up . coach schneider be stand over he . he 's wear a muscle shirt , a gold chain around he neck and he have a sick grin on he face . int . gymnasium - night jesse be barefoot , jogging arund the outer edge of the gym floor and look as if he 's about to collapse from exhaustion . on schneider lean against a wall of the gym , watch jesse run . as jesse come around for another lap , schneider reach out and grab he , throw he into a wall of fold wooden bleacher . jesse be daze , ready to drop . schneider ( bark ) hit the shower . int . boy locker room - shower room - night jesse turn on one of the faucet and let the hot water hit he full on . int . coach office - night scneider turn to a huge , padlock cabinet on the wall . he unlock it and open the door . it be fill with a variety of athletic equipment : dumbbell , jump -rope and volley ball , etc . schneider select a pair of jump -rope from the cabinet and set they down on he desk . a distinct ping make he look up . he go to the door and look out into the hall . shower room jesse continue shower . int . coach office schneider turn back to he office . there be another ping . a tennis racquet hang on the wall have two break string . two more string smoke , then SNAP with a ping . a basketball leap off a shelf of the equipmnt cabinet and bounce on the floor at schneider 's foot . schneider bend down to pick it up and two more ball jump out onto the floor . a FOURTH ball fly out and knock over a trophy on he desk . schneider hit the deck when a dumbbell streak across the office and slam into the window , crack the thick wire glass . on schneider he make he way to the cabinet by crawl along the floor as basketball , volleyballs , even a medicine ball fly over he head . he reach up to close the cabinet door . another angle a jump - rope on the desk unravel like a harpoon line and wrap a end of itself around schneider 's wrist . the other end pull hard and yank schneider off balance . he reach up to close the cabinet door . another angle a jump - rope on the desk unravel like a harpoon line and wrap a end of itself around schneider 's wrist . the other end pull hard and yank schneider off balance . as he reach with he free arm to unwrap he wrist , the second rope rocket off the desk top and secure itself to he other wrist . h the office door open by itself . the rope drag schneider scream from the room . shower room jesse turn as the shower head next to the one he be use , gurgle and suddenly come on full . and suddenly , all the shower be on , spew water and steam . we hear schneider 's scream as he be drag into the room , through great puddle of water and against the tile wall opposite jesse . the shower on this side be off . the boy watch in horror as the rope shoot up to two adjacent shower nozzle and hoist the coach into a helpless spread - eagle , face the wall . his clothes shear from he body like sheet of tissue paper . a stack of towel come to life , snap in mid-air at schneider 's butt and back . as they hit he , they draw blood . on jesse as the room fill with great cloud of steam until he be nearly obscure ; just a dark human form in the corner of the shower room . another angle on schneider as a figure in a green and red sweater and a batter fedora , cut through the cloud , cackling and throw he weapon - arm back like a World Series pitcher about to lob a fast ball . schneider scream painfully as the knife cut four long tear in he , start at the top of he naked back , cut through he flesh . the weapon arm strike again . schneider scream , go limp . wide - angle : schneider blood begin to flow out of all the shower head on schneider 's side . schneider hang limply from the shower head . on the murderer camera dolly in fast to reveal it be jesse . he scream . jesse lift he hand into frame . he be wear freddy 's bloody glove . jesse no ... oh God , no ... he slowly drop to he knee , sloshing in a crimson puddle , and stare up to the heaven . jesse ( scream ) no !!! smash CUT to : int . walsh house - foyer - night we hear the doorbell ringing repeatedly until the light flick on and dad hurry to the door , wrapping a robe over he pajamas . he Pov as he open the door two policemen in rain slicker stand on either side of jesse . he be naked but be wrap in a blanket . his hair be soak and drip over he face . 1st policeman this belong to you ? dad can not believe what he 's look at . he just nod he head . the 2nd policeman give jesse a slight push across the threshold . he stumble into the house . 1st policeman we find he wander out on the highway , naked . keep a leash on he , will ya ? CUT to : kitchen - a tea kettle whistling mom take the kettle from the stove and pour it into a mug . she steep the teabag as she cross to the table and jesse Wide awake , hold the blanket tightly around he neck , take the cup from he mother . dad pace the floor angrily . dad okay , we be gonna put we card on the table , here and now . there 's not go to be any retribution - no fire and brimstone . I only have two question and you will answer they and we will all go to bed , okay ? jesse nod weakly . dad okay . what be you take and who be you get it from ? jesse snort and shake he head ironically . jesse I be not take drug , dad . ( to Mom ) can I go to bed now ? mom ( touch he cheek tenderly ) sure ... go ahead . dad try to burn a hole through he with he eye as jesse get up from the table and leave the room . as the double-hinged door slap clsoed behind he , dad turn to Mom without a change of expression . dad ( no question about it ) he 's on something . ext . walsh house - morning dad be stand on a ladder , unbolt a set of security bar from the window . he watch from above as jesse run out the door , follow by mom . mom jesse , please , let 's talk about this ! jesse ( plead ) I be okay . just leave I alone . jesse walk over to he car and climb in . Mom turn to dad who be watch the scene curiously . mom he need professional help . I think we should take he to a psychiatrist . dad ( incense ) be you nut or something ? what the hell be that go to do ? mom I do not know ! I just know he need help and we do not know how to give it to he . dad shift on the ladder and begin to protest . mom ( squelching it ) do not fight I on this . she stomp back toward the house . dad ( call after she ) he need a kick in the but , be what he need . he need a methodone clinic ! she throw back a dirty look . mom oh , blow it out you ass , Ken . with that , dad lose he foot on the ladder and drop down several rung . ext . road - day jesse 's car travel slowly and turn onto a tree-line street . inside jesse drive silently with lisa look over at he , upset . lisa ( upset ) will you stop and tell I what 's wrong ? jesse ( stare straight ahead ) I be fine . nothing 's wrong . lisa ( undeterred ) you do not say more than two word to I the whole way here . you have another nightmare , do not you ? jesse yeah , I have a bad night . lisa you want to talk about it ? jesse my dad think I be on drug , my Mom think I be crazy and I be not sure I do not agree with she . ext . high school - day as jesse 's car pull into the lot . another angle as they turn a corner . jesse jam on the brake . there Pov - the gymnasium wing in the distance . a crowd of student be gather in a ring about three - deep outside the door lead to the practice field . in the car jesse oh god. he throw open the door , jump out and run toward the crowd . bewildere , Lisa do likewise , run after he . as they get closer , they can see that the entire area be cordon of with red plastic ribbon . several policemen and official be come in and out of the building . a teacher be try to disperse the student , clap he hand together and push through the rubber- necker . teacher okay gang , let 's move along . jesse stop at the edge of the barricade crane he neck to see what 's go on . grady spot jesse and run over to he side . jesse be turn white as he watch the scene and listen to grady 's recap : grady Holy shit , man . where have you be ? fuckin ' schneider get waste last night . jesse swallow hard to regain he composure . Lisa arrive at he side . jesse oh Jesus . I be gonna be sick . grady ( ignore he ) he must have be work late and some fruitcake come in and slice he up like a kielbasa . in the shower ! Left bloody footprint all over the ... jesse clamp he hand over he mouth and break for some bush against the building . grady look at a horrify Lisa and give a puzzle shrug . int . school cafeteria - day on the food line lisa and kerry be on the lunch line , slide they trays along the rail . Kerry be wear a walkman with the volume trune way up - we can almost make out the song . kerry that be something this morning , huh ? about schneider , I mean . Lisa nod and take a plate of macaroni and cheese from one of the kitchen staff . she do not want to talk about it . kerry jesse sure take it bad , do not he ? Lisa shrug and move she tray away from Kerry 's , toward the cashier . Kerry pick up a piece of cake from a shelf and slide ehr tray down until she 's next to Lisa again . in the dine room jesse be sit at a table , a tray of food in front of he , untouched . he glance up at grady as he sit down next to he and start digging in . grady ( with he mouth full ) look , I be sorry about schneider , man . I do not know you be so close . jesse do not qualify that with a response . grady you want to go out to a movie or something tonight ? get you mind off thing ? jesse shake he head . Lisa come over to the table with she tray and sit down next to jesse . Kerry follow and sit next to grady . kerry hi , guy . ( to grady , coquettishly ) hi , ronny . you go to Lisa 's party tomorrow night ? grady ( without look up from he food ) I can not . I be ground . kerry how come ? grady for throwin ' my grandmother down a flight of stair . Kerry , take he seriously , nod gravely . Lisa look at jesse 's tray of untouched food . lisa ( to jesse ) you should eat something - you will feel better . jesse I be not hungry . lisa I wish you would talk to I . we can figure it out , you know . we can figure it out together . jesse there 's nothing to figure out . grady ( to Lisa , disgustedly ) you be waste you time , the guy 's a basket case . jesse shut up , grady . grady push he tray aside . grady you want I to shut up ? Fine , I will shut up , that 's fine . see you around , buddy . grady get up and storm away from the table . Lisa , deeply pain , look at jesse . jesse avoid she stare until he just drop he head into he hand and try not to cry in front of he friend . he compose himself quickly and dig he fork into he lunch , choke down some macaroni . int . lisa' house - kitchen - night lisa , she mother and father be sit , eat dinner . Lisa 's mind be not at the table with she . mrs . poletti ( to Lisa ) buy some nice strawberry at the farm today . we can have some short cake for you friend tomorrow . Lisa look up a dsmile blandly . mrs . poletti I also wangle a promise out of you father . on mr. poletti he scowl slightly . lisa ( politely ) what 's that ? mrs . poletti we be gonna stay out of you way tomorrow night . lisa you be go out ? mrs . poletti we be go to bed . she look at she husband . mrs . poletti early . ext . walsh house - night quiet . the light inside be all out . int . walsh house - basement - night we hear footstep and we TRAVEL with the sound along the floor to the foot of the basement step . intruder's Pov as he climb the step and approach the door to the main part of the house . the camera be move faster now , leaping the top step and crashing through the doorway and onto the foyer floor . it cross the foyer and begin climb the stair to the bedroom level . it stop at Angela 's room and open the door . angela sleep soundly , peacefully . it cross over to the bed , a menace shadow creep over she form . the talone glove pull down on the blanket and she shift position in the center of the bed , innocent and vulnerable . we see the shadow of the intruder on the wall ... it move in close to the sleep child and emit a guttural , inhuman voice : intruder ( o.c . ) wake up , little girl ... her eye flutter open . she look up at the intruder and smile . angela ( sleepily ) what time be it ? another angle we now see that it 's jesse stand over she . he 's in he underpant , drench with sweat and hunch over as if all the muscle in he body be twisted around each other . the sound of Angela 's voice soften he . he slowly straghten up and look about the room as if wonder how he get there . jesse ( himself again ) it 's late ... go back to sleep . she nod and close she eye . jesse start to pull the cover back over she and stop suddenly . he Pov his right hand be wear the glove . int . walsh house - jesse's room - night the desk lamp and a late movie on the t.v. be the only source of light in the room . we see that the bed be rumple and empty and we pan across the room , to jesse , sit on the floor in front of the door , knee up against he chest , try with all he strength to stay awake . he have a mug of black coffee in he hand and a pot of java at he side . he top off he cup and reach into the breast pocket of he shirt , withdraw a small vial of pill . a bottle of no- doz he rip the cap off with he tooth and dump half the bottle into he coffee . ext . walsh house - morning a dark , dreary day . there be no morning sound except for the squeaking of a old rattle - trap bicycle as a overweight paper boy swing by and lob the morning edition over the lawn . the paper skid off the front step and into the garden . int . walsh house - foyer - morning jesse walk down the step . he look rag and exhaust and worse that ever . outside the kitchen he stop before go through the double-hinged door to push he hair back and force a well rest , easy - go guise . in the kitchen dad and angela be sit at the table . mom be pour some coffee into a couple of cup . jesse enter . jesse Morning . mom how would you sleep , honey , okay ? jesse Fine . Mom give he a quick glance . mom you be look a little better today . dad look at jesse 's pale skin , the light stubble on he chin and he dark , bloodshot eye and turn to Mom as if she 's nut . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night the entire pool area have be do up to the max . japanese lantern have be strung up above the fence , a long table , cover with festively arrange salad and condiment , stretch across the patio in front of the slider and a benny goodman dance tune be blaring through some outdoor speaker . a all - too-bright underwater light make the blue water shimmer crystal - clear . a score of nubile girl in scanty swimsuit and athletic guy in cut - off and trunk , scamper around , eat , swim and horsing around . on mr. poletti stand over the gas grill , wear a " kiss the cook " chef hat and apron , cooking up a mess of hanburger and hot dog . on mrs . poletti and lisa step out of the house through the slider , carry more plate of food outside . a boy bounce once on the diving board and cannonballs into the center of the pool , splashing everything within a fifteen foot radius include , mr. poletti who spin around from the grill , annoyed . mr. poletti hey , watch it there ! lisa turn to she mother , mortify . Mrs. poletti hand she the platter she be hold and give Lisa a reassure squeeze on the shoulder before leave she side and crossing toward she husband . Lisa turn she attention to jesse , at the far corner of the patio , sit in a lounger , alone . he look worried and detach . she look back toward the grill . mrs . poletti be pull she husband away , against he will . he finally relent and beckon a boy over . he turn he spatula over to he , surrender he chef 's hat and allow Lisa 's mom to escort he back toward the house . jesse , lisa' Pov he finally get up and cross toward the cabanas , go inside and shutting the door . back to lisa as she mother and father approach . mrs . poletti we be go up to bed now . lisa ( gratefully ) thanks , Mom . Mr. poletti clearly do not like this arrangement . he look behind he at all the horny young boy and turn back to Lisa . mr. poletti ( sternly ) twelve - thiry , miss . no later . lisa ( nod agreeably ) twelve - thirty . I promise . Mrs. poletti take she husband by the arm again and lead he up to the slider . he turn around before go through . mr. poletti and do not forget to lock the gate . lisa ( nod ) goodnight , daddy . Mr. poletti be half - lead , half - push through the doorway . mrs . poletti pull the slider close behind they . int . cabana - night a roomy dress area with a open shower stall at the back . there 's a wide , wooden bench along one wall , cover with clothing and towel . jesse stand in the center of the room , put he pants on . he be shirtless and shoeless . SOUND over : a knock on the door lisa ( o.s. ) jesse ? jesse hesitates , uncomfortable . jesse be out in a minute . ext . cabana Lisa wait for jesse . finally , he unlatch the door . he shirt be on , unbuttone . Lisa step into the cabana . int . cabana Lisa shut the door behind she . the two look at each other a moment . then jesse look away and continue buttone he shirt . jesse I think I better go . I be just not into it tonight . I be sorry . lisa why will not you talk to I ? jesse will you leave I alone ? please . jesse cross to the bench and sit to put on he shoe . lisa you be not be fair to I . I be worried about you and I want to help you get through this thing . jesse what be you gonna do ? how be you gonna help ? I be lose my mind . ( break down ) I do not want to have you watch I fall apart . Lisa go to jesse . she put a comforting arm on he shoulder . lisa it 's okay , jesse . jesse take she hand and hold it tight . she sit beside he . jesse ( choke ) I be afraid to go to sleep , I be afraid to stay awake - I be ruin you party . they be gonna put I away for sure . lisa we will figure it out together . we will stay up all night if we have to . I will not let anything happen to you . they look into each other eye . Lisa kiss he ever so gently , then again . he kiss she . they kiss grow hungrier . Love conquer fear and they embrace fully , kissing passionately . poolside three boy be huddle together , look up at the poletti 's bedroom window . boy one any second , now ... the bedroom window , there Pov the light flick out . boy one ( o.c . ) ( quietly ) Party time . on the wet bar someone reach over to the stereo , pop out the benny goodman cassette and flick the radio on . Van halen blast out of the speaker . on kerry in the pool , up to she neck with a hunk . they both look up as the music change . the top of she bathing suit float up to the surface . kerry oh , wow , Van halen . int . lisa' house - the poletti's bedroom - night at the sound of the music , Mr. poletti sit up in bed , angrily . Mrs. poletti put a arm on he shoulder . mrs . poletti ( quietly ) let they have they fun , honey . Mrs. poletti pull out a pair of earplug and hand they to Mr. poletti , who grumble , stick they in he ear and drop back down into he pillow . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night somebody switch off the light to general applause . back to kerry and the hunk they be in a steamy embrace when the underwater light go out . the rest of she suit pop up out of the water . on some bushes as a couple pull out a red wagon , stashed in the shrubbery and load with beer . int . cabana - night jesse and lisa roll around on the floor , a lot of heavy petting ; not do it but serious , heat stuff just the same . he hand , wrap around Lisa 's wrist , pin it gently to the floor . on lisa her eye close ; feel he - definitely feel he . close two - shot , jesse jesse be about to take down Lisa 's swimsuit top when a ungodly long iridescent serpent - like tongue flick a foot out of he mouth , wiggle and flick back in . jesse moan lasciviously , not he own voice . another angle jesse push himself away from Lisa and scramble to he foot . Lisa , unaware of what happen , be puzzle and upset . on lisa sit up on the floor . lisa what 's wrong ? jesse tuck in he shirt and button he pants . he be visibly shake . jesse I will see you . Lisa just look at he , helplessly . he slip out the cabana door and shut it . on lisa she get up slowly . she 's profoundly worried . int . grady' bedroom - night grady be sleep on he back , dead to the world . suddenly , a hand clamp down over he mouth . a light flick on . longer angle : grady' bedroom it 's jesse . a window be open in the b.g. , the curtain in disarray . he lift he hand from grady 's mouth and grady scramble out of bed . grady ( hoarsely ) Jesus Christ , you scared the shit out of I ! jesse I be sorry ... grady what be you do here ? jesse you gotta let I stay here tonight , grady . grady be you nut or something ? jesse listen to I , grady , this be serious . something really weird be happen . it start out like just bad dream but it 's get real bad . grady be tired and cranky and he do not want to hear this . grady aw , will you get out of here ! go and take a sleep pill or something ... he flop back down on he bed and put he arm over he eye . grady in fact , take a whole bottle and do the world a favor . jesse sit on the edge of the bed . jesse I kill schneider , grady ... grady lift he arm from he eye and stare at jesse preposterously . jesse ( nod ) only it be not I - I be there but it be like something inside of I , move I around . then last night it make I go into my sister 's room and tonight , with Lisa in the cabana . we be ... on the floor - I feel it happen again . he grab grady 's arm . jesse it want I to kill they , grady ! grady continue he dumbfounded stare . grady ( finally ) you be fuck in the head . jesse I be scared , grady . I know it sound crazy . but , there 's something try to get into my body . grady ( sneer ) the only thing try to get into you body be female and wait for you on a cabana floor . and you want to sleep with I . go figure . jesse look , I do not care if you believe I or not ... grady I believe you . you have some scary dream , okay ? jesse ( frustrated ) no ! ( shake he head ) I do not know - everything 's all mix up . ( suddenly angry ) what difference do it make ? I be in trouble here . I need you help . grady let that sink in . grady ( softer ) okay , schmuck . what do you want I to do ? jesse just watch I . if anything weird happen - like if I start dream weird or try to walk out of here , you gotta try to bring I out of it . he I over the head if you have to . just do not let I leave . grady look down at the floor , sigh , and nod he head . jesse and grady ... grady look up . jesse do not fall asleep ! ext . lisa' house - poolside - night the underwater light be still off , the music have calm down a bit and most of the kide be more into neck than swim . two body be roll up in a blanket together . from a short squeal , we can deduce that it 's kerry and she hunk . the bar-b-que boy have remain steadfast at he post although he girlfriend have join he and he 's pay more attention to she than the hotdog on the grill . on lisa she sit on one of the lounge , she eye be red from cry . she 's be comfort by a girlfriend , patty . patty why do not you just call he ? lisa ( tearfully ) he will not talk to I . patty well , you be not do he or yourself any good sit here and worry . Lisa look at she friend . lisa I shoud go see he , but ... I do not know , the party and all ... patty ( encouragingly ) go ahead . I will hold down the fort . lisa ( get up ) thanks , Patty . you be a pal . int . grady' bedroom - night grady be sit up in bed , stare at the t.v . he turn to jesse , slump in a nearby chair , asleep . grady switch off the tv with the remote . grady sweet dream , buddy . grady turn off the reading light by the bed . he give a final look at jesse before he push the whole thing out of he mind with a disgust wave of he arm and lay back down . on jesse suddenly , he eye open widely . jesse grady ? grady mumble a obscenity and turn over on he side to face jesse . grady what ? jesse it 's happen again . grady turn the read light back on in time to see jesse double over and curl up in obviously incredible pain , fall to he knee . he flail out as if 1000 volt be go through he body and begin to choke on he tongue . grady scramble out of bed and dance around jesse , not know what to do . on jesse's hand as he raise it and he finger spread widely apart . four steel razor-knive tear out from withing the tip of jesse 's finger like long , bloody switchblade ! grady stand by helplessly as jesse writhes . and then it be like some craze beast in jesse 's gut , tear its way out of he skin like someone step through a thick , latex film . as he skin peel away , thousand of capillary pull apart , spraying blood everywhere in a fine , almost powdery mist . the transformation be almost complete when fred krueger 's body step out of the red cloud . all that be leave of jesse be he scream face , plaster like a grisly ruber mask over freddy 's own disfigure feature . grady back away toward the door . grady ( scream ) no ! no! no ! on freddy he stand up with a evil smile , all there now , and put on he batter hat . angle : grady' bedroom grady try desperately to get out , but the door will not open . freddy cackle evilly as he cut off grady 's scream by grab he throat with he unarm hand . he push grady up against the door and lift he off the floor like he be hang a picture . we hear muffled call from outside the door - the off- camera cry of concerned parent . the doorknob rattle as they try to get in the room to check on they son . boom , boom , boom ! a fist , hammer against the door behind grady 's head - he father try to get in . mr. grady ( o.c. ) what 's go on ? open the door , ronny ! freddy draw back he knife -hand and prepare to plunge it into grady 's stomach like he be spearing a pot roast . outside the door mr. and mrs . grady , in they nightclothes . Mrs. grady stand with she hand over she mouth as Mr. grady grab the know again and bang he fist repeatedly against the door . on freddy throw force into he cut arm . we CUT before impact to : outside the door we hear grady scream as the steel blade cut through he body and poke out through the door like it be make of balsa . they wiggle slightly to pull free and be retract with a ungodly squeak . Mrs. grady scream . mr. grady my god. Mr. grady throw he shoulder with all he might against the door . a second excruciate scream inside , and the knife cut through the door , inch from Mr. grady 's head . when they pull out , blood be soaking through the knife hole - it look as if the door itself be bleed . on grady breathe he last few gasp . on grady' parent they watch in stunne horror . on grady he sink slowly to the floor , dead . freddy watch as he victim slide into a heap on the floor . only we see now that it be not freddy anymore but jesse again , panting exhaustedly and drip grady 's blood from just under he elbow to the sharp point of the razor- tip glove he wear on he hand . the door be budging open against grady 's body - a little more with each crash of Mr. grady 's shoulder against the other side . jesse be come to - himself again , and he view what he have do to he best friend with terror craze eye . be eye catch he own reflection in a full length mirror on the wall . the image reflect be of freddy . jesse no ! ( back away from the body ) no ! no! no ! ( scream toward the mirror ) you son of a bitch ! you kill he ! jesse hurl the glove at the mirror , crack it . freddy 's mock image , however , remain . the last SOUND we hear be a demonic mix of jesse 's own scream and freddy 's cackle laugh . int . lisa' house - foyer - night Lisa have change into a white shirt and a pair of cut -off . she hurry downstairs , buttone up she shirt and cross the foyer floor to the door . she open the door and jesse collapse in she arm . he be bloody , bruise and he clothes be tear and dirty . lisa ( frenzied ) jesse , God - what happen ? jesse ( hyperventilate ) I kill he ! I kill he ! she draw he in close , try to comfort he . she look at he bloody arm . lisa oh , Christ , you be hurt ... jesse ( weep now ) I kill grady . I kill grady , Lisa . I kill schneider . oh my God , he 's inside I ... Lisa look around , frantically as she hold jesse tightly against she body . lisa who , jesse ? jesse he 's just wait to take I . when I sleep . lisa who ? who 's do this to you ? he look at she as if she should know . jesse Fred krueger . ( psychotically ) he 's be try to get hold of I , to use I . he need I to get out of he world into ours ... he 's gonna take I again . lisa no , jesse . this be not happen . it 's gotta be everything you have take in -- schneider and the diary and the glove -- only it 's all mix up . he push away from she , frustrated . jesse no ! Christ , how can I make you understand ? he try to make I kill Angela last night ! look at the blood on my hand ! he begin to sob . jesse oh , God . I do that to grady ... ( suddenly coherent , realize ) he own I . Lisa put she arm around he . she stroke he head , try to calm he . lisa I be not gonna let anyone take you from I . there 's get to be a reason . we will figure it out together . suddenly , something make Lisa stop . lisa wait a minute ! she lead jesse toward the study entryway and open the door . lisa wait in here for I . I will be right back . jesse go into the study . Lisa hurry off . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night the bar-b-que boy have leave he post entirely . he be sit on a nearby bench with he girlfriend on he lap and he chef 's hat askew on the back of he head . suddenly , the girl point toward the grill . girlfriend hey , look ! the kid look over . he Pov - the grill a platter of hot dog on a attach cut board . the hot dog be explode , burst into flame , one by one until the whole plate be engulf . bar -b-que Holy shit ! he jump up , pick up the flame platter with he hand and toss it like a hot potato onto the cooking grid , slamm the lid down with a crash . some of the witness hoot and laugh and there 's a scatter of applause . before bar-b- que can take a bow for he bravery , he attention be draw to the sound of rapid popping . he Pov the wagon of Beer on the ground near some bush . the pull tabs be pop off and geiser of brew be shoot up toward the sky . int . lisa' house - study - night lisa open up the diary . jesse look over she shoulder . lisa something Nancy say - she last entry . ( read ) " he be evil itself . I know now that I bring he into my world . we all do , give he all the energy he need . we scream be all he need . now I will take it back - deny he . " she look up at jesse . lisa she be not crazy . ( he hold up the book ) all this really happen . ( a beat ) you can fight he . jesse look confuss . lisa remember what I say ? about good energy and bad energy ? he thrive on bad energy . hate , anger , fear . he be bad energy . ( a beat ) you have be afraid of he . jesse suddenly wince in painand put he hand to he stomach . jesse ( panic ) oh , God , he 's come back ! ( to Lisa ) get out of here , Lisa ! CUT to : the window slam shut and lock . lisa frighten , look behind she and back to jesse , frantically . lisa fight it , jesse ! front door , foyer the deadbolt turn with a loud SNAP . int . lisa' house - the poletti's bedroom - night they bedroom door latch firmly . mr. poletti sit up with a start . mr. poletti what be that ? ext . gate - lisa' house - poolside - night a large padlock swing around and snap shut . int . lisa' house - study - night jesse be double over in pain . Lisa have she hand on he shoulder , shaking he , try to bring he out of it . the heat have become intense in the room ; they be both sweat profusely and they clothes cling to they wet body . lisa you create he - you can destroy he . he life off you fear . fight he , jesse ! jesse ( painfully ) I can not ! tiny bubbles be rise to the top of the aquarium tank and the angelfish float on the surface of the water , poach . int . lisa' house - the poletti's bedroom - night mr. poletti be stand inside the door in a open robe , tug on the knob as mrs poletti join he at he side . he , too be drench with sweat and the heat have steam up all the interior window . mrs . poletti what be it ? mr. poletti the lock 's jamme ! suddenly , there be a blast of music as a bedside clock radio come to life a immediatly begin melting in the center . the music groans to a stop after less than a bar and the amber dial - lamp die . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night kerry and hunk in the pool again . steam be rise off the surface and the water seem a bit rough for a swim pool . Kerry call out to no one in particular . kerry hey , can somebody turn down the heater ? int . lisa' house - study - night jesse be writhe on the floor as lisa jump around he , helplessly . lisa you be not afraid of he ! he do not even exist . on the t.v. as it , too , come to life with a blast of SOUND , SPARKS violently and die . on the aquarium as the water come to a boil , the glass shatter and the carpete be flood with a wave of steaming water and dead marine life . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night as the japanese lantern begin to brighten considerably - as if there 's a power surge in the line . each of the bulb begin to burst , scatter a group of scream teenager from beneath they . int . study on lisa , jesse's Pov horrify . on the desk front as a hand come up into frame - freddy be hand . it scrape up the wooden panel and grip the desktop , cut four deep notches into the scroll edge- molding . on lisa she gasp . freddy be stand in front of she . freddy ( laught hideously ) he can not fight I . ( raise he eyebrow ) I be he . freddy approach , flash he razor - knife like a set of Tiffany ring . Lisa look about the room for some escape . freddy swing . Lisa counter by pull a afghan from the back of one of the chair and catch it in he blade . she reach behind she for something to hit he with and come up with a heavy brass lamp from the top of the desk . she smashes he over the head with it . the impact throw he back long enough for she to slip by he and run out of the study . she slam the door behind she . freddy recover quickly from the blow and , angry now , take after she . int . lisa' house - the poletti bedroom - night Mr. poletti be bang on the door and wrenching the knob . mr. poletti Lisa ! int . lisa' house - foyer - night as lisa run through the room , round the newel post of the stairway and skid across the parquet floor to the front door . she grab the knob and pull . lock . lisa ( scream for help ) jesse ! panic-stricken , she turn to run . freddy leap across the room at lisa . she try to run past he but collide with he instead . they both go down on the wax floor . lisa try to scramble away . freddy grab she foot and sink he tooth into she bare calf . she scream in pain . lisa kick he in the head with she other foot . freddy strike at she leg with he talon , but she twist away and he wedge the blade deep into the oak floor . she squirm free as freddy pull 's and pull on he weapon to un - stick it from the floor . she run toward the kitchen . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night kerry and hunk in the middle of the pool . the surface be choke with steam and they body be lobster-re . they be try to get to the stairway at the low end but the water have become even more turbulant and much hotter and randowm wave keep push they back , panting , toward the deep end . Kerry go under and hunk pick she up to hold she head up above the water . hunk help ! on the patio several boy rush to the fence to pull down a life-hook hang there on a bracket . other teens stand around , wonder what 's happen . int . lisa' house - kitchen - night lisa be devastatingly frighten as she crash through the door and quickly scan the room . she run to the slide glass door lead out to the pool area and hurl aside the drapery . on the other side of the glass , five kide tug frantically or the door and bang on the glass , try to get in . back to lisa she turn toward the counter and spot a wooden knife -block a good selection of gourmet cutlery . freddy crash into the room . on lisa jump toward the knife . she grab for the thickest handle and unsheathes it from the block . this be one hell of a knife - a fourteen inch long blade of carbon steel - all it need be a blood - gutter to move it from the kitchen to the battlefield . the slider the five kide outside the glass door stare , aghast . kitchen freddy stop in the center of the room as she swing around , hold the knife in she fist defensively . lisa jesse , help ! freddy I be jesse now , Lisa . he chuckle as he raise he own weapon and rhythmically click the blade together . he 's up for a feisty victim . Lisa try to get up the courage to send the knife home . on freddy his expression change suddenly . freddy ( jesse 's voice , plead ) kill I ! please kill I ! on lisa she be devastate by the sound of jesse 's voice come from within this monster . on freddy himself again . freddy ( mockingly ) go agead , Lisa . kill he ! kill he ! he step toward she and she swing with the knife . he jump back , inch from the blade . he laugh and move for she again . this time she swing and hit she mark , drive the knife deep into freddy 's shoulder . she plunge the blade in , again and again , push he back across the room . the knife cut long gashes but they do not bleed and with each puncture of the blade , freddy let out a horrible laugh : freddy ( jesse 's voice ) Lisa ... Lisa ... I love you ... I love you ! stun , she step back into the center of the room . she raise the knife again but she be cry hysterically and just do not have it in she . freddy catch she wrist with he bare hand and squeeze it with all he strength . Lisa begin quaking and she knee weaken . she close she eye . lisa ( tearfully ) please , God ... she drop the knife : it stick into the linoleum . on freddy he start to mouth a parting death - word but suddenly stop . two shot - lisa and freddy Lisa open she eye . he be stell stand there , poise for the kill but he be stare at she with a odd expression - perhaps a glint of recognition . Lisa stare back , wonder why she be not dead yet . close on freddy a frown of confusion distort he ugly face and he lower lip quiver slightly . suddenly , he throw she aside like a fisherman toss ack a undersized flounder . freddy ( as jesse ) nooo ... on lisa smashing into the wall with force . she slide down to the floor , semi-conscious . back to freddy he emit a agonize scream and lunge , not at she but diving through the glass door to the pool area . smash CUT to : ext . lisa' house - poolside - night reverse angle as the glass shatter into a million shimmer piece and freddy be go - vanish before we eye . the pool have stop swirl although it continue to simmer . kerry , hunk and lifehook boy cough and shake as they be help out of the water and wrap in towel by some friend . many of the teens be huddle in little group . some be cry , other just look at the remnant of the party in disbelief . teens what happen ? where would he go . etc. several brave boy approach the shattered slider with cautious curiosity . int . lisa' house - upstair hallway - night mr. and mrs . poletti listen to the uncomfortable silence . they look at the door as it unlatches with a soft SNAP . wary , they do not move . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night one brave boy in the group kneel down and touch he hand on the patio , look or some explanation for the shattered glass . on the tape deck as the cassette pop itself in and switch on glenn miller . back to patio everyone look around , spook . suddenly , there be a huge ripping sound and freddy violently crash up through the concrete ! on the kide scream at the sight of the monster . on the pool as it begin to churn and boil . the razor-knive fan open brave Boy scream as freddy swipe the knife toward he throat . before contact , we CUT to : int . lisa' house - foyer - night as Mr. poletti scramble down the stair with Mrs. poletti close behind . ext . lisa' house - poolside - nigth as freddy grab another teen and throw he into the overheate pool . he scream as he hit the water . int . lisa' house - kitchen - night on the door as mr. poletti burst through , follow by he wife . she scream when she see lisa ( groggily ) he could not do it , momma . mr. poletti look up at the sound of the off - screen scream . he rush across the room to the slider . ext . poolside total chaos have take over . kide be run in every direction , scream as freddy lash out indiscriminately . a scream girl be pushed into the pool by the stampede kid and be sucked under . two boy vault the wall . one perches on top , hold a hand out to help he girl over . boy come on ! freddy race at they and slashes the girl . she drop . the boy clamber over the wall . on a fleeing kid the fleeing kid run toward camera ( no othe rkid in shot ) . as he run , he begins to slow down , as if be hold back by a invisible force . suddenly , freddy appear and , at normal speed , slashes the kid . ext . chain link fence - poolside several kide break for the gate . the padlock be secure . one kid grab onto the chain - link fence to climb it . the link smoke and sizzle , and the kid let go with a scream . his hand be brand with the pattern of the steel link . int . lisa' house - kitchen - night Mr. poletti turn whit , not believe he eye . he back away from the slider . mr. poletti my God ! he back off some more only take he eye off the scene to glance at he wife and daughter . mr. poletti get she out of here ! mrs . poletti look back at she husband , questioningly . mr. poletti ( urgently ) get she out of here ! she start to help Lisa to she foot . mr. poletti turn on he heel and run through the kitchen door . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night freddy stand in the center of the patio , swinging with he claw as a few do-gooder circle he and try to calm he down like he be just some ordinary homicidal maniac . at freddy 's foot , another hapless victim . one do-gooder who 's watch too many police drama on t.v. jockey around freddy and throw out some hostage control line . do-gooder now calm down - we want to help you . freddy display he blade like a rabid cat , ready to strike . freddy help yourself , fucker . behind they , a row of shrub suddenly combust . freddy grab he by the wrist , laugh and , swinging he around like he be throw the Hammer , send he with a bone-splitt crash into the gas grill the force of the impact shear the grill from its pedestal and cause a huge column of FIRE to shoot up into the heaven . int . lisa' house - study - night mr. poletti swing one of the chair into the gun case shatter the glass door . ext . lisa' house - poolside - night the kide be trap inside the pool area , freeze with fear , hysterical . with the gas-fire raging to one side , he scream out like a evangelist on angel dust . freddy you be all my child ! SOUND over : a shot ring out blowing away a dish of potato salad on a table at freddy 's side . several teens dive for cover . on mr. poletti stand in the frame of the shattered slider . he be hold a pump-action shotgun . as he bring the gun down to give it a second pump . mr. poletti shit ! he raise the weapon again , but lisa rush out and push the barrel of the gun down . mr. poletti fire into the patio . mr. poletti ( furious ) what be you do ? on freddy he look toward the door and make eye contact with Lisa . suddenly , he turn on he hell and walk through the brick wall as if it be not there . the very top of he head and he hat be higher than the top of the wall and remain solid as he move through and out the other side . there be smoke and scorch on the brick where he pass . silence and stunne face . frightened whimper here and there . mr. poletti where do he go ? on lisa she put she hand to she mouth - she know . mrs. poletti have come onto the patio now and join she daughter and husband . Lisa turn and run into the house . mrs . poletti where be you go ? Lisa be already go . mr poletti ( call she back ) Lisa ! jesse's car - ext . poletti house - night lisa open the door and get into the driver 's seat . SOUND over : police siren approaching int . jesse's car she look at the make- shift switch and try to remember how jesse . she flick the toggle and push the starter button . nothing . she remember the two wire under the dash and twist they together . she push the starter button . the starter groans . it do not seem like it 's go to start . on lisa lisa ( frantically ) please work , please . the car back - fire and start . she put it into gear and pull out . ext . dark highway - night as the old falcon tear down the highway . int . jesse's car lisa be at the wheel , squinting through the darkness , try to hold the road . ext . abandoned powerhouse - night Lisa pull up to the building and shut the engine off . inside she hastily tear a strip of cloth from she shirt and tie it around the wound on she leg . she get out of the car . she step up to the front of the building . her Pov the entrance be ringed by a pair of mangy wild dog with eerie , unnatural face who growl threateningly as she approach . she show no fear as she step right up to the enterance . they snap at she hand but she do not pull they out of the way . they part , allow she to pass through . int . powerhouse - night lisa walk in cautiously . the powerhouse look fare different than it do in daylight -- mysterious , dangerous , brewing , almost alive . steam be leak from between rusty rivet and tear gasket and we hear the pounding of ancient expansion tank belching out rancid air . the interior be bath in a electric blue light that intermittently wash pale as hot white arc flash in distant corner of the building . she walk in deeper , carelessly touch she finger to a large steam pipe and retract she hand quickly from its blister sting . she stop at the center of the room . suddenly , a twinge of pain on she face and she look down at ehr leg . now , serious pain as she bend over and frenziedly pull up on the make - shift bandage . on her wound it be swarming with big , black , carpenter ant . she scream and brushes they away with she hand , quaking with disgust . as abruptly as they appear , they be go ; the blood - soak bandage be intact , cover the wound . she bhacks away from the sump and begin climb the rusted metal stairway up to the catwalk . SOUND over : scraping metal she stop midway and look around , frighten . a few second to regain she courage and she step onto the walkway . a rat -- the one she meet before -- scurries at she . it stop , stare at she evilly , hiss unnaturally . Lisa scream . suddenly , a cat pounce on the rat . the cat look up at Lisa with only the tail of the rat sticking out of its mouth . its eye be demonic , its tooth crooked yellow fang . it growl like a beast five time its size . the cat take another chomp on the rat , and the rat 's tail disappear down its gullet . another angle lisa jump down off the sairway onto the catwalk and start to run . she clang over the steel - mesh flooring . a section of the catwalk give way beneath she foot and lisa plummet as if she be drop through a trap door . her arm flail over she head , but she hand manage to grab around a section of handrail that 's still solid . another angle we see the catwalk be intact - it look as if she knee just give out but she continue to hold on to the railing for dear life . she test the flooring by feel it before attempt to rise ore release she grip . she rise and turn around . freddy be there . Lisa scream . freddy have you chance . ( raise he talon ) die now ! he slashes at she . she duck and run back toward the stairway . the stairway be red hot , smoking . freddy close in . freddy come to I , Lisa - I be wait for you . Lisa stop short , look around desperately . there be nowhere to go . lisa oh , God , jesse - I know you be there ! stop he ! freddy jesse 's dead , Lisa . freddy 's here . freddy strike , cut Lisa 's shoulder . lisa ( scream ) jesse ! freddy close in on she . she be trap , finish . freddy ( smile perversely ) wanna join you little friend ? lisa where 's jesse ? freddy there be no jesse . I be jesse now . lisa I want he back . jesse , talk to I . jesse ! freddy raise he talon for the kill . the sharp oint be within a inch of she eye . Lisa , terrify , summon up all she energy , all she might , and look freddy in the eye . lisa I love you , jesse ! freddy stare at ehr , talon freeze in mid-air . the horrible hand quiver , as if against a unseen force . and then -- the wound on freddy 's shoulder and chest rip open . he look down at they , surprised . they bleed real , human blood . longer angle Lisa break past he and start to run but stop suddenly , a few pace from freddy . she turn to look at he lean weakly against the railing , with a expression of confusion on he face that be almost pathetic . he touch he wound , surprised . Lisa be no longer afraid - she 's angry now . she look he straight in the eye . his razor - knife click together like they be run low on battery . freddy beckon she over with the knife on he index finger . freddy ( jesse 's voice ) come and get I , Lisa . freddy laugh wickedly . lisa move a step toward freddy . lisa I be not afraid of you . you could not kill I ... he 's in there and I want he back . I be gonna take he away from you and you be go straight back to hell , you son-of - a-bitch ! freddy ( get angry ) jesse 's dead ! I slice ' im real good ! Lisa move closer to freddy . lisa come back to I , jesse . she lock she gaze on freddy 's eye and look right through he . lisa I love you , jesse . come back to I . freddy he 's dead , you bitch . freddy seem to be in a good deal of pain . he drop to one knee . Lisa move closer . he try to move away from she . freddy ( threateningly ) I will kill you now . lisa ( ignore he ) he can not hold you jesse . he 's lose he grip - you can get out . freddy he will die with I ! she kneel beside freddy , take off he hat and begin to lovingly stroke he head . he seem to be writhe a bit and emit several frighten moan . freddy he will die with both of we ! she gather all she nerve and move in closer . he lift he deadly hand and press it into she chest . she flinch in pain but continue to come in close until she mouth be almost touch he . he move he blade onto she back , try to push they into she flesh , but he be too weak to do much damage . tighter angle lock in this strange embrace , she press she lip against he with as much passion as she can muster and kiss he . longer angle : freddy & lisa there be a moment of quiet . then smoke start to rise off of freddy . he push she away with a excruciate scream . the sound of the pounding machinery be become deafen . the electric flash be fire more rapidly and arcing across the power Plant . the room be rapidly HEATING up . a SMALL flame shoot along the railing . SMALL fire begin to break out on the catwalk around freddy . angle : painted surface the paint begins to smoke and bubble with the heat . as the heat increase it into flame . on pipe steam begin shoot up from every pipe joint . another angle : pipe steam shoot out of the valve . heavy iron valve wheel spin off there stem and roll down the flaming catwalk . on lisa surrounded by flame and smoke , she watch it all with fear and amazement . close on freddy his flesh be start to melt . longer angle : freddy he burst into dense , all -engulfing flame . the power plant be go crazy : the steaming , smoking , and flame all reach they high peak . pipe be burst with steam : valve wheel fly off . andthen everything begin to slow down , ease off . the flame be die down around the char corpse , and we can see it be no longer move . the little fire around he be also die down . and the smoke , the steam , and the deafen noise abate . on freddy corpse the fire be out now . there be only some smoke . and the terrible heat have turn to cool blue light . the still smolder corpse , with its back to we , begin to stir . longer angle : catwalk Lisa back away , terrify . the corpse turn to she -- it be jesse , he clothes smolder , he body singe and blacken with soot . but alive , come around as if it be all just a bad dream . lisa move to he and cradle he in she arm . fade out fade in : ext . walsh house - day a shiny new school bus roll down the street . it pull up by the curb near the walsh House . jesse , he right arm in a sling but otherwise fresh and happy , kiss mom goodbye at the front door . he hurry down to the bus , get in . the door fold shut , the gear grind and the bus continue along its route . int . school bus - day there be about a dozen kide in the bus , play radio , have a good time , etc . lisa , in the back , wave to jesse and smile . she wear a bandage on she shoulder where freddy slashed she . jesse , in the front smile and wave back . jesse make he way down the aisle to Lisa , greeting a few kid , slapping a hand or two . on jesse & lisa jesse plop down next to she , give she a quick kiss , put he good arm around she . jesse hi. lisa hi. Lisa chuckle . jesse what 's so funny ? lisa we must look like a couple of escapee from a veteran ' hospital . jesse smile and shake he head . jesse I can not believe we actually -- Lisa put a finger to she mouth to cut he off -- no need to tell about unpleasant thing . jesse smile again -- she 's right . he kiss she . jesse move he head away from hers for the big kiss . Lisa 's eye be close , ready to receive it . she open she eye . they be pupil-less , blood-streaked , demonic . with a evil roar , a huge serpent tongue flick out of she mouth and attack jesse who scream . ext . desert landscape - day the bus whine near the top end of third , all of its flasher fire wildly . it race away through the desert in a cloud of dust . fade out ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;