wee new line cinema '' freddy dead the final nightmare " Story by Rachel talalay screenplay by Michael De Luca '' 1990 New line cinema , Inc. third draft ( numbered ) 10/29/90 {blue rev . 10/30/90 ) ( pink rev . 11/01/90 ) courtesy of nightmare on elm Street companion ( raeee ree . 1 wt iy , of ) ) www.nightmareonelmstreetfilms.com ( golden rod rev . 11/21/90 ) ( salmon rev . 11/26/90 ( tan rev . 12/3/90 ) ( cherry rev . 12/5/90 ( buff rev . 12/6/90 ) new line production , inc . ( white rev . 12/19/90 ) 116 NORTH robertson boulevard , los angele , california 90048 , phone ( 213 ) 854-5811 , fax ( 213 ) 854-1824 . ped clap dee I sidhe worn hoon whe — ler set solemn fell thar ate - ext . aircraft - night 1 a 727 jet airliner thunder through a STORM ridden night sky . rain shower the aircraft as the occasional flash of optilal lightning illuminate the plane 's red and green marking . ony cuT to : int . aircraft - night 2 4 close on a eighteen year - old kid name JOHN . he sit ball up in a tight window seat in economy class . his face betray a map of anxiety , a expression better suite toa middle - age neurotic . he seem uncomfortable and nervous . we pull back to reveal why . he 's sit next to a sweat , three hundred and fifty pound woman in a polyester pant-suit . John barely have enough room to cross he arm . a stewardess walk by and John flag she down . JOHN Excuse I ... miss ? the plane be rocked by sudden turbulence . John wince as the stewardess attend to he . stewardess yes ? JOHN can I have a different seat ? stewardess I be afraid we be full tonight sir ... on the rest of the cabin - every single seat on the plane be occupy . stewardess ( cont . ) .. you will have to stay put . on JOHN as he blanch as the plane rock under another wave of turbulence . JOHN ( smile weakly ) thanks anyway . ( continued ) revised 12/3/90 2 '' continued 2 4 continued . - not jes the fat woman next . to°him flip on she read light , it hit John squarely in the , eye . as he turn he head away he see water drip in from above he window . a small trickle . he might have forget about it if it be not for the SOUND he hear a second later . a faint bending noise . . JOHN ( to fat . woman , '' alarmed ) do you hear that ? he look over to she . she look up from she magazine and shoot he a contemptuous glance . JOHN ( cont . ) I hate height . fat woman do not be a pussy . she bury she face back into the magazine . John fearfully look back at the leak above he window . he hear the noise again . it sound like metal fatigue . the roof above he head start to vibrate . it rumble . the noise get louder . John look around , try to call the stewardess . he hit he call button . no response . a sad - face little girl push she face up from the seat in front of he and turn to face John . Brown hair , red-ribbon * pigtail . she startles he . girl ( to John ) he 's gonna make you help * he ... because you be the last . John stare at she . he smile weakly . then signal the stewardess again . JOHN ( to stewardess ) * listen , I really need to change this seat . cuT to : int . aircraft - night suddenly , the cabin ceiling above the fat woman rip OPEN . send the woman next to John , up and out of the plane . spark fly as the wind push itself through the rapidly decompress cabin . JOHN ( talk to the sky ) it 's not fair ! I be almost out ! the seat beneath John suddenly give way and he 's sucked through the underside of the plane . John fall through the air , hurtle toward the city below . his descent continue until he meet the roof of a house . cur to : int . JOHN 's bedroom - night John awake with a scream . it be a dream . he look around , a simple teen 's bedroom . cautiously , he step out of bed and move toward the bedroom window . he move the curtain enough to undo the simple window latch . John open the window and peer out . a gust of wind hit he and he sees . a look of surprise cross he face . JOHN ( yell ) shit ! the house be flying . John see the city below , with spotlight search the empty sky . suddenly , the bedroom begin shaking . the other window in the room explode . John struggle to keep he balance . dresser and lamp crash to the floor . we have see this scene before . the wizard of 02 . as John regains balance , a cackle can be heard over the wind . John peer out into the windy night sky . moving into view be : freddy krueger riding a broomstick , and wear a witch hat with cape . freddy ( have fun ) I 'il get you my pretty , and you little soul too ! hahahaha ! freddy laugh as he ride out of view . the house continue its fall , hurtle to the ground , it make contact . John be thrown out of the open window . CUT to : as AG bo c6 revised 12/3/90 ext . elm STREET , springwood - night the house have land in the middle of elm Street . John land on the pavement extremely shake up and confuse . the full moon cast the long shadow of a street sign over he . he clear he head enough to look around . he 's stand directly under the " elm STREET " street sign . . John take off ' in the opposite direction . CUT to : omit omit a5 ext . backyard fence - night 6 ax John run into someone 's backyard and quickly hop a tall fence . ext . other side of fence - night a6 a on JOHN as he come over the other side and .to he horror discover that what await he be a very tall , very steep hill ! he land with a whump ! and start roll down the hill , smashing through bush and branch . scream all the way . he finally come to a stop at the hill 's bottom and attempt to get to he foot . he wobble a few time but clear he head and start run . cuT to : ext . dense . forest - night be ul he disappear inside a dense forest run towards a eerie x glow . * * cur : to : omit omit.c6 . * omit omit d6 * at b7 c7 a7 revised 11/26/96 omit omit 7 omit omit a7 omit omit b7 ext . dream border - night c7 John reach the " dream border " of springwood , a desert landscape with a pond that seem to stretch out into infinity . the border be mark by a rather bizarre town sign . on the sign - a rusty and fade 1950 's affair feature a happy face with a rusty tear come out of one eye . we notice that its population number have be cross out and rewritten into a lower number many time . on JOHN as he pass it . he see where the glow be come from . there 's a small ticket booth of to the side . it say , simply , " ticket " . ccut to : omit omit d7 omit omit e7 omit omit f7 omit omit g7 omit omit g7 -1i omit omit # 7 ext . dream border - night 17 on the booth as John reach the ticket dow . he look inside and see a old geezer complete with a old - fashioned clerk 's visor and armband . he slide a ticket toward John with he index finger . old geezer one ticket . round trip . John stare at it , back away . old geezer ( chuckle ) hurry up , you do not want to miss the bus . CUT to : ext . dream road - night j7 John look up . what bus ? he suddenly realize he 's back ub into the middle of the road . he turn and be suddenly pinned by a pair of huge headlight . ( continued ) a7 k7 l7 revised 12/19/90 continued continued j7 zf john' Pov of a monster " nightmare bus " come at he at top speed . it 's freddy 's own nightmare bus-line , complete with the logo of a frighten , run teen on the side instead of a racing greyhound . on the bus as it smashes into John . his scream be cut off by a loud smack as the bus ' grill make contact . we reveal that freddy 's behind the wheel ! freddy no scream while the bus be in * motion !!! we move down to John , who be plaster across the bus like a bug on a windshield , but alive and scream ! the bus suddenly stop short , send John fly off it 's front . he fly forward and smashes through a invisible barrier , which shatter like glass . we can see through the smoking outline in the shape of John 's body , leave in the invisible barrier . it look like something out of a " Road runner " cartoon . there 's a whole new landscape beyond the barrier . we can see a city . * freddy now be a good doggie , go fetch . cut to : ext . real border rd . - highway - morning k7 J in the real world , John 's body just emerge out of thin air and hit the ground , he head connect with a hard rock . wv ext . dream road ~ night l7 v on freddy - on the ground now . he approach the hole in the barrier with something like hope but it seal itself up the minute he reach it . he snap back in frustration . '' * * * CUT to : ext . real border rd . - highway - morning 8 4 John be on the ground , head next to a rock that 's red with he blood . he have a large lump and a cut on he forehead . he wake up , this time for real , in pain . he 's still clad only in jeans . he stand up . he see the skyline of a city in the distance . he look off towards springwood . he see the town sign . ( continued ) at ( continued ) revised 11/26/90 continued continued 8 on the town sign - normal . there 's no rusty tear or cross out * number . * on JOHN as he stare at it . he seem confuse . he put he hand to he head . he check he pocket for some clue to where he be ... or who he be . all he come up with be two twenty dollar bill , a bottle of '' stay awake " caffeine pill , and a yellow old newspaper clipping . he stare at the clipping and the bottle of pill for a beat , then put they back in he pocket . he head toward the city . * dissolve : / 9 establish . a gleam metropolis whose tall spire hide the fetid and neglect area in they shadow . we move in on maggie 's apartment . ext . central CITY - morning CUT to : 8 10 int . maggie' apartment - morning i's slur 10 yw . many . Joe it : maggie burnham sleep and dream . suit ove h oy CUT to : 11 ext . backyard - day ( maggie' dream ) 11 '' 4 we be in a different kind of dream than the one we just see . this one be lush , bright , happy . on a water tower serene against the blue sky . we can see it over the backyard fence . on a little girl - we notice it 's the same little girl from John 's plane nightmare . only here she seem joyful . we pull back and reveal the yard . the fence surround it be tall . we see the girl run in between two set of adult leg . a man 's and a woman' . they be play tag . the woman 's leg walk off . we never see above they waist . this be from the child 's point of view . the child 's laughing , have a great time . the man start to bend down and lift she up . just as he do , before we can see he , there 's a horrible scream !!! the little girl turn , and the dream fade out . CUT to : ( 12 int . maggie' bedroom - morning boy 12 - maggie wake up , startle . she be not a morning person . today 's she twenty - eighth birthday . she 's frustrated , she 's have this dream many time before and it always end like that . her door buzzer goe off . she bury she head in she pillow . maggie ( mumble ) God save I from mother and = — cur ro : ) pritlr vv 13 at ? maggie walk towards she front door , throw on a bathrobe as ° she go . we see that maggie 's a strike woman , lucky enough qo to poss that rare combination of beauty , strength , and 's confidence . she let she mother in . her mother possess the ° more common combination of angst , worry - line , and motherly be lack of tact . she 's come to wish she daughter a happy birthday . ( ty anne feanmtatrreny 13 int . maggie' apartment - live room - day io 9 13 continued continued 13 mother ( sing ) happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ! maggie , i lake down . ( also sing ) it 's eight in the morning gimme a . break , it 's eight in the morning on dnswm , gimme a break ! mother if you call once in a while , let I know you be alive , I would not have to suprise you . maggie Mom , please . I turn twenty - eight today , not fourteen . you do not have to surprise I . maggie 's move to the kitchen and try to get the coffee machine work . maggie 's mother immediately start to " tidy up " and rearrange maggie 's apartment . a unconscious , automatic gesture that drive maggie up the wall . maggie start frantically search for some coffee filter . oe hay mother you be never to old for cet , surprise ... i not ( locate the filter '' to immediately ) wy ? . ».- be this what you be look ic for ? 's ip wee 's maggie look over , deadpan . she take the filter and start the coffee brewing . . mother you have the dream again , do not you ? you only look this tired when you have that damn dream . maggie ( do not want to discuss it ) that 's not true . I always look 3 eis tired . haga mother gualher var Margaret , you can not just ignore it . ( continued ) 3 revised 11/26/30 continued continued 13 mother happy birthday sweetie ! maggie gimme a break mother , it 's eight in the morning . mother if you call once in a while , let I know you be alive , I would not have to suprise you . maggie Mom , dlease . I turn twenty - eight today , not fourteen . you do not have to surprise I . maggie 's move to the kitchen and try to get the coffee machine work . maggie 's mother immediately start to " tidy up " and rearrange maggie 's apartment . a unconscious , automatic gesture that drive maggie up the wall . maggie start frantically search for some coffee filter . mother you be never topold for surprise ... nlocate the filter immediately ) - be this what you be look for ? maggie look over , deadpan . she take the filter and start the coffee brewing . mother you have the dream again , do not you ? you only look this tired when you have that damn dream . maggie ( do not want to discuss it ) that 's not true . I always look tired . mother x mastat you can not just ignore it . ( continued ) revised 11/26/90 13 . continued continued 13 . \~ wr maggie . wy twelve year of therapy be hardly | * ignore : it ... when you have have the same dream for twenty_year , you , get use to it . mother ( seem nervous ) I just wish it would go away . maggie ( do not like the subject ) rs I have to be at the shelter by wont '' nine . . mother : the " shelter . " you should be a famous psychiatrist by now , with you fagn practice . not slave away at some delinquent 's home . maggie * ( defensive ) * it happen to be a place for kid with problem . i'm proud of what I do there . + + mother it 's practically a jail and you a spend too many hour there . you be . \anb + leave no time to meet someone nan nice . * * * * maggie ( turn to she mother ) enough with the " meeting someone nice " speech . I tell you the last hundred time you give I this lecture that this city 's full of " nice man . {as she head for the bedroom door ) that 's why I work so much . she head for she bedroom and shut the door . her mother stare after she . maggie immediately come back out and kiss she mother on the cheek . maggie . thanks | for remember . she turn and go back into she bedroom . : ( continued ) 14 alo revised 11/26/90 ext . ghetto - day 14 John have manage to make he way to this city . he 's wander along through a poor section of town . he seem decidedly out of place , not use to the sight or the sound of a urban environment . it scare he . {continued ) revised 11/21/90 : : 1 1 14 continued continued 14 ss he have not sleep for three day . it show . he stop to pop a or few of the caffeine pill . , cuT to : al4 sy two officer observe John pop the pill . they cruiser be park across the street . from this distance , they can not tell he 's only take caffeine pill . al4 int . police cruiser - day officer # 1 hey , you see this junkie before ? officer # 2 ( take a look ) he 's new . officer # 1 beauti£ another afternoon shot do / juvie paperwork . officer # 2 screw that shit . let 's scoop he up and drop he at the shelter . let the bleed heart do the type . Officer # 1 pull the cruiser out and head for john. cuT to : 15 omit omit 15 16 ext . youth shelter / parking lot - day 16 a a convert elementary school . it look like the city trash the budget before they could even finish the renovation . maggie pull up in heroven < ea ocak . CUT to : 17 12 revised : 12/26/90 ' int . shelter hallway - day 17 ys the shelter be fill with workmen try to fix various leak and crack . scaffold abound . the shelter 's security guard man the entrance . we spot fifteen year old spencer stand before he ex-jock dad . Spencer 's a poor little rich kid . have run away from home once too often , the shelter be he last stop . dad obviously have money , he 's dress in the latest fashion . dad Spencer , I want to make sure you understand out situation . in one week youwalk out of here and I expect to see some change in you behavior when you come home . Spencer 's ignore he father and have he head bury ina pocket video-game . dad ( cont . ) I know you be hearing I . I put you in here because you leave I no choice . next time , I will leave you here and walk away . spencer ( do not look up ) thanks for the visit dad . Spencer 's dad give up and head for the door . he pass maggie on the way in and throw she a cold look . dad ( to maggie , sarcastic ) Nice job on my kid , I expect to see some improvement . maggie ( dislike ) he be not a Toyota and this be not a 4o herself body shop . . maggie ignore he and walk toward Spencer . dad fume a bit , then exit . ( continued ) 13 revised 12/26/90 17 continued continued 17 4 maggie ( to Spencer ) you okay ? spencer ( to maggie ) oh yeah , dad just come by to lay out some ground rule . no more run away , no more set he car on fire ... maggie there be other way to get he attention . spencer he barely blink when I blow up the garage . all he want be for I to grow up like he , a exact copy . and frankly I do not feel like play football and date raping coed . * maggie someday you will have to face you father . Kelly approach weild a homemade pipe bomb . kelly look what I find in Spencer 's room . spencer oh , that . I be teach some of the kid survival technique . Spencer take off to avoid discussion . kelly I have be confiscate stuff like this all week . where do they get it ? maggie they buy it or they make it . Spencer 's a do -it - yourself kind of guy . I think he want to be catch and keep here . ( continued ) 14 revised 12/26/90 17 continued continued 17 kelly well , we be overcrowded as it be and the city 's cut we budget again . ( hold the bomb ) I will put this downstairs with the with the rest of the " arsenal . " maggie think the cop be suppose to dispose of this stuff . kelly cop be suppose to do a lot of thing . Kelly turn off and maggie head for the admit area . she hear a commotion . tracy ( 0.s. ) take you hand off I !!! maggie turn and move toward two security guard struggle with a seventeen year - old girl name tracy . Tracy 's tall and powerful , a survivor . just ask the guard with the bloody nose . ( continued ) revised 12/3/90 17 continued maggie what 's the problem ? guard / : ( with the bloody oo : nose ) : : 2s she be beat on one of the ° kia x tracy : ys ( fierce ) he keep try to hit on I ! ctl maggie {to guard ) she do not like to be touch . e k guard otouch he bloody * nose ) neither do I . the guard release she and walk off . maggie ( to Tracy ) we have a session today , yes ? tracy ( storm off ) I have Doc today . work around he . CUT to : ai7 omit omit a17 18 omit : omit . 18 . 19 revised 12/27/90 J int . doc' office - day 19 a small room heavily laden with " dream totem " from various culture , mostly eastern . forty -eight year old doc stand in the center of the room , head bury in a stack of file . he look totally swamp and not please about it . various " gimmick specs " such as 3 - D , X - Ray and pop - out glass litter the office . the only piece of hi-tech equipment be a modify computer and monitor . maggie enter . maggie oyu they catch you star pupil beat up one of the kid again . I think you be make some progress with Tracy ? he slam the file shut . boc I get twenty - three minute a week with this kid ! with that kind of attention be grateful she do not kill he ! maggie ( ribbing ) . Nice attitude cor a therapist . boc you know it 's the truth . Tracy 's bury some deep trauma inside she head . something to do with she father . conventional therapy 's not gonna help . * * maggie ( old arguement ) but you " dream therapy " will ? boc ( serious ) I can reach this kid through they dream . it 's where they hide all they bad shit , include they worst fear . you give whe half a chance , I might even help you with you little problem . maggie ( react ) I do not have a problem . I have a recur dream . and I be handle it , thank you . besides , we do not get pay to be dream doctor . ( continued ) al9 revised 12/27/90 J 19 continued continued 19 ° boc we barely get pay period , so I might as well do what I think be right . yy she pick up the 3 - D glass . 5 maggie red otaat ina be thegg for ? double - 1 at the drivé '' in ? boc ( indicate other glass ) they be just a different way to look at stuff . the kid have to see they problem before they can face they . oe of maggie seem distract by a particular painting in Doc 's odd collection . she stare at it , through the glass . she do not put they on . ~ maggie this look worse in 3 - D . what be it ? on the painting ~ a ugly , hellish rendering of several demon writhe up out of some poor bastard 's head . the demon bear a uncanny resemblance to the hook - nose countenance of freddy . on doc as he come over . doc like it ? it 's new . this ugty™ siege be ancient " dream demon . " they be out to wipe out the line between dream and reality , turn the real world into one big nightmare . maggie they be do a pretty good job so far . ( continued ) 19 revised 12/27/90 continued continued 19 ss boc they have some help . supposedly they roam the dream of the live until they find the most twisted , evil human imaginable . then they give he the power to cross the line , to turn we nightmare into * reality . maggie think they have find anybody yet ? boc God know there be enough candidate . Kelly suddenly enter , break the moment . kelly mag , I need you right now . the cop drop off a " John doe " this morning . he 's just come through orientation . they need you report asap . maggie react . ccut to : int . rec room - day alg s/s carlo , a 16 year - old deaf boy , " narrate " like a sport tne commentator as Tracy rigorously work out on a punch bag . nn carlo au this girl be bad , but the fan love she . this underdog from the street be prepare to duke it out with the heavyweight champion of the world ... Tracy reel around and throw a cut jab at carlos , who lean back as it whistle past . carlo ( finger he hearing aid ) you would n*t hit a guy with a handicap , wouldja ? ( continued ) alg9 a20 revised 12/26/90 continued continued a193 tracy you call it a handicap ? I call it a yellow way out . c'mon , chicken , spar with I . Tracy jab at carlos , who back off . carlo no thank you mar 'am . tracy ( razzing ) C 'mon you , yellow belly lily - liver wuss ... carlos take out he hearing aid out . the sound of the shelter and Tracy vanish . all we can hear be carlos ' heartbeat . this be what carlos do when he want to tune out . carlo Pov of Tracy as she continue to preach . she look pretty comical without any sound to go with she gesture . Spencer appear behind carlos and place the hearing aid back in carlos 's ear . spencer ( signing to carlos ) do not tune out , talk back to she . carlos shrug . carlo yeah , like you talk back to you dad ? I stop talk back when it become hazardous to my health . Tracy walk back up with a towel around she . tracy so , be we set ? spencer no problem . I give the guy we cash . as long as we do it before dawn , we be set . carlo alright , we will be live large in cali by next week . ( continued ) ee oe * or of + eet ** b20 revised 12/26/90 al9 continued continued A19 tracy ( to Spencer ) you better be sure . spencer trust I . I have get all the basis cover . I need to get out of here even more than you do . tracy you do not know shit about need to get out . you family 's a picnic , rich boy . spencer yeah , well that 's what you think . you think I would choose to be here with you moron ? my dad 's a one man stud show . tracy look , do not talk to I about father . spencer you 's come to visit too ? tracy yeah , every time I close my eye . Doc enter the room . '' ( pv? Doc ayni oy to the other bias ) ( cet tosty Tracy and I have work 0 a0 . CUT to : of of +e ek of * revised 11/9/90 21 S 20 int . evaluation room - day 20 jon sit in a chair by a desk in the center of the sparse '' room . a single light bulb hang from a wire suspend from the ceiling . John 's condition have worsen . he 's jumpy and fidgity ef 's and can barely sit still in the chair . '' eo with his eye be very heavy . he have fresh bandage on he head and oy '' arm wound . maggie be try to examine he pupil with a small penlight , but John be bounce around in he chair too much . be maggie finally place she hand on the top of he head to keep he still . JOHN sorry ... maggie ( look at he eye ) 7 how long have you be awake ? the minute she 's do he suddenly snap the chair back and begin pace the room . it startles maggie . he anxiously run a hand through he hair . JOHN Three day . that 's as far back as I can remember . maggie it look more like three week . JOHN ( gallow humor ) yeah , well that 's the wonder of amnesia . it always keep you guess . maggie * how about where you come from ? pa JOHN * ( hold head ) * I do not know ... my head a mess . * all I know be that wherever I be * from , I be the last . maggie * the last what ? * JOHN * survivor . * ( beat , then suddenly ) * do you have any caffeine pill , or * * some coffee ? maybe some coke ? ( continued ) revised 11/9/90 21 js 20 continued continued 20 she give he a look . JOHN I mean the soda . maggie why do you want to stay awake ? JOHN because if I sleep , I be not waking up . he continue to pace the room . maggie what make you think that ? ( continued ) JOHN go ) : " to think it . i. feel it . there 's go to be trouble . 1 maggie ( beat ) . | . there will not be any trouble here . I promise . you will be protect . JOHN : {almost plead ) not if I dream . and if I do , you can not protect everyone . maggie ( reassure ) sure I can . maggie exit . CUT to : I want he transfer : to mercy Hospital in the’ morning . Kelly nod " okay . " '' : a CUT to : 22 i ) od 24 revised 12/19/90 ha ure she , int . rec room - day Doc take Tracy through several martial art exercise . they talk as they spar . Tracy 's pretty good . tracy what 's this stuff get to do with my dream anyway ? Doc I tell you , it help concentration . concentration help meditation . and meditation help you --~ tracy ( finish for he ) '' get in and out of my dream . '' boc not only you dream . I tell you that with the right discipline , you could move in and out of anyone 's dream . ( teasing ) but that 's a little advanced for oe % you ass right now . vi tracy naccept challenge ) oh yeah ? she come at he and they start to spar . Doc lead Tracy through several martial art exercise . Tracy 's pretty good , but Doc be in control . Tracy try to tag he but Doc fake she out time after time . boc you be not go to hit I until you learn to see beyond the CuT to : J 23 obvious . John be shutting he eye , he head be drop . he can not resist . int . evaluation room - day the light bulb suddenly shatter over he head , bolting he awake ! CUT to : naa / revised 12/19/90 24 int . rec room - day 24 S Doc feel the small " dream disturbance " and be shake out of he concentration . Tracy be able to connect and slam Doc to the floor . Doc be motionless , tune into John 's anxiety . tracy ( excited ) I hit he !!! Tracy calm down when she notice there 's something wrong with he . tracy Doc ... you okay ? boc ( confuse ) yes ... i... let 's pick this up later . ccut to : 25 int . evaluation room - day 25 S John be stare at the light bulb . it 's fine , intact . not shattered . he start to giggle . it 's a disturbing giggle . the giggle of the rapidly un - glue . the giggle turn to a sob as he drag he hand across he face and slump down . a25 omit omit a25 26 a26 26 revised 12/26/90 omit omit 26 S ext . shelter - later that night a26 the run down building sit under a smog-filled muddy night sky . we hear bottle breaking and dog barking . the sound of the city at night . CUT to : int . doc be office - night b26 uf still a bit shake , he stand in front of the painting of the dream demon . he stare at it . reaches out to touch it , then pull back . Doc 's spook . cuT to : omit omit c26 omit omit 27 omit omit 28 int . boy' wing , shelter - night 29 J we pull in on John , awake in he bed in the boy 's wing of the shelter . he 's singing to himself , try to stay awake . a thermos of coffee sit by he bed . there be boy sleep in bed all around he . JOHN 4,567 bottle of beer on the wall , 4,567 bottle of beer . if one of that bottle should happen to fall - -- ( continued ) 29 30 revised 12/3/90 continued some of the boy stir in they bed . angry boy ( 0.s . ) ( piss , cut John off ) '' b26 continued 29 ~ I be go to break a bottle over you head if you do not shut the fuck up . other boy echo they approval . John stop . he stare at the ceiling . int . maggie' office - night maggie be study John 's case file . yellow article . CUT to : 30 js she pull out the ( continued ) 30 31 32 27 continued continued 30 4 on the article it 's from the " springwood gazette " date September 7 , 1967 . on maggie as she stare at it . maggie ( try the word out ) springwood . something catch she attention . her eye widen . on the article the headline read " krueger woman still missing . " there 's a grainy picture of a tough but attractive woman beneath the headline . what 's catch maggie 's attention however , be the water tower ae loom over the woman 's head in the background . it look just}{ ' “e like the water tower from she dream . ay on maggie as she react . she read on , rub she eye as she yawns . cut to : int . boy ' wing - night 31 s/s John be fall asleep . cuT to : int . maggie' office - night 32 S maggie 's fall asleep as well . the case file lie open before she . CUT to : a32 b32 33 34 35 28 int . maggie' office - night a32 / on the article just for a fleeting moment ... just a instant that make we doubt we ever see it happen ... the small , grainy picture of the " krueger " woman come alive . it bulge out from its two - dimensional prison and cry out , in a tiny , creepy voice . picture ( plead ) I will not tellllll ...... int . maggie' office b32 / on maggie - she 's oblivious , already dream . cuut to : ext . backyard - day ( maggie' dream ) 33 4 same as before . on the water tower - tall , gleam . on the yard - the girl play tag again . then the woman 's horrible scream !!! this time however we reveal a little more . this time there 's a minor difference . it fade out a little later , give we a glimpse of the woman in the dream , as she run up from some basement stair . it could almost be the woman from the article . smash CUT to : int . maggie' office - night 34 l/l her eye snap open . she sit up . cuT to : int . boy' wing , shelter - night 35 yl John 's eye be close . a drop of water hit he nose . his eye open and he look up . john' Pov of the pipe . one of they be leak water . a drop begin its descent towards John 's face . _ — _— _— _ — on JOHN as the drop hit . only it 's not water . it 's blood . John notice and look back up . CUT to : '' ae e~ W aso 36 37 38 39 40 29 revised 12/19/90 int . elm STREET house live room - night 36 john' Pov of the ceiling . it 's not the same ceiling . the pipe and plaster be go . it 's the ceiling of a old house . a wet blood stain spread across the surface . something on the second floor be leak . on JOHN he bolt up , revealing the little girl stand right next to he bed ! he jump ! this be the same little girl who just pay a visit to maggie 's dream . she get around . another dream wraith trap in freddy 's twisted universe . we pull back to reveal : John , he bed , and the little girl be in the live room of the elm Street house . girl I tell you he would make you help he . JOHN help ? help who ? tell I ! girl I will not tell ... she walk off . if John know who he be , he would know how much trouble he be in right now . since he do not , he get up and follow the girl as she walk towards the stair . she climb they , and he follow . CUT to : omit omit 37 omit omit 38 int . shelter hallway ~- night 39 4 in reality , John be walk as_if he 's climb stair , and he 's actually go up ! seemingly step on thin air ! cuT to : int . elm STREET house - upstair hallway - night 40 J John 's on the second floor , follow the little girl into she room . CUT to : 30 revised 12/3/90 41 int . shelter hallway - night 4l 4 John near the end of the hal arge window look out onto the city street of storey below . sohn turn a corner before the window and disappear . oné of the shelter 's security guard see he and follow , mostly out of curiosity . ' CUT to : js 42 int . elm STREET house , girl be room - night 42 John enter the room . it 's a brightly light padded cell . a sharp contrast to the dark hallway we just leave . the little girl be go . just a shaking figure in a straight - jacket hunch in the corner . tuft of hair stick at all angle . he 's sit ina puddle of blood . John approach the figure . cuT to : 43 ° int . shelter hallway - night 43 the security . guard near the corner where John turn off . cuT to ; 44 int . elm STREET house , girl be room - night 44 John approach the figure . we can hear he heavy breathing . at the last second before contact the figure whip around and reveal himself to be another version of JOHN !!! the blood be come from the cut on he head , identical to the real John 's bruise only that this one be still bleed . * straight - jacket JOHN phd - abe '' ( snarling ) pree I you idiot !!! I be you fuck memory !!! * * John scream and run backwards towards the door . ye. 45 int . shelter hallway - night [ ee { | pend tefl , John barrel backwards right into the guard . the two go cartwheel towards the window . John go down , inadvertently trip the guard into crashing through the window . John xush to the window and look out . CUT to : a45 om it omit a45 a45 - 1 omit omit a45-1 31 revised 12/19/90 b45 int . shelter hallway - night b45 s/s on JOHN ~ back in reality , the noise have bring people run and John finally wake up . he go to the window again and look down . CUT to : c45 ext . shelter - night c45 ~~ john' Pov of the street below . the guard be piss . he 's only fall one story . guard ( look up at John ) asshole . ccut to : d45 omit omit d45 46 int . shelter - evaluation room - day 46 a maggie talk with John in a security room that eeriely echoe the padded room from John 's memory . it be the next morning . maggie you can not blame yourself , and no one be hurt . JOHN not this time . I tell you this * would start happen . ( continued ) 32 revised 12/3/90 continued continued 46 ss maggie a what be you dream about ? JOHN - h , BA a room ... like this one . a wove house ... a little girl . we be in . - the town from my article . iad maggr ( remember ) springwood . maggie 's visibly unnerve by this revelation . why be they dream about the same thing ? maggie the article , do you remember where you get it ? JOHN no ... it be about some woman right ? maggie " Loretta krueger . " she disappear in ' 67 . they never find she . JOHN what be the name ? maggie krueger . John think , then make a " I do not know " gesture , frustrated . maggie what about the little girl . what would she look like ? JOHN ( remember ) Dark hair ... _* maggie ( almost to herself ) with ced ribben JOHN pr sree ( realize ) ' to how @id you know that ? no maggie do not answer . ( ue ww 46 revised 12/19/90 continued continued 46 / maggie what be you dream about ? JOHN a room ... like this one . a house ... a little girl . there be something about the town from my article . ( remember ) I remember a water tower . maggie 's visibly unnerve by this revelation . why be they dream about the same thing ? maggie the article , do you remember where you get it ? JOHN no ... it be about some woman name " krueger . " maggie ( nod " yes " ) " Loretta krueger . " she disappear in ' 67 . JOHN it say they never find she . maggie ( beat ) what about the little girl ? what would she look like ? JOHN ( remember ) Dark hair ... maggie ( almost to herself ) with red ribbon ... JOHN ( realize ) how do you know that ? maggie do not answer . cuT to : 32 ab 47 48 int . shelter hallway - day revised 12/19/90 int . doc' office - day match wk ma : — 59 33 fom bbw maggie and Doc discuss she problem . Doc seem anxious . Doc I do not like it . there 's some crazy connection between you dream and he , and he dream mean bad news . I know it sound crazy , but I can feel it . maggie ( enough be enough ) can not anyone talk about anything but dream around here ?! it 's all freudian bullshit ! Doc ( warning ) you do not believe that . you think if you take care of that kid 's puzzle , you will be take care of you own . maggie I do not have a puzzle . boc yes , you do . and even though you think you know everything , you may not be ready for what that boy 's go to show you . maggie stare at doc. wlivowa moony cuT to : pl pg n'e heri ss / maggie and John head off down the hallway . John look / nervous . JOHN I do not say I want to go there . maggie look , I have deal with amnesiac before . take you to the town from the article may trigger something simple in you memory . some spark to help you remember . oth wis { continued ) a33 revised 12/19/90 continued 48 S 48 continued JOHN I do not need a spark to help I remember it 's a bad place . you anny want a spark ? you go . I will stay here , sparkless but happy . maggie * ( reassure ) I will be right there with you . * ( continued ) 48 a48 50 51 52 a52 53 . springwood 's town 's sign . she 's cross the. border . revised 11/26/90 continued JOHN ( suspicious ) ; : you be : dream ' about it too , be not you ? 's that 's why you want 2 to go . : maggie ( not too convincing ) we be not go for I . she pass Kelly 's office and call out to he as she walk by . maggie ( cont . ) Kelly ! I be take the van for awhile . int . kelly office a48 omit 49 ext . highway - day 50 . not maggie 's van travel down the empty highway . she drive while John stare . out the passenger window , zombie-ey . she steer onto a off-ramp and exit the highway . cuT . to : omit . omit ..* omit . se omit omit i omit ext . rural road -. day maggie 's van turn onto . a rural road and drive past . a revised 11/21/90 aw 57 58 59 37 int . nightmare boiler room 1 je 57 / close on a pair of eye - they fill the frame . they be shut . the lid be wet . slimy . burn skin and pus . they be freddy 's eye , and they snap open . they emit a almost iridescent yellow glow . pull back to reveal he face . his nose sniff the air . freddy good work boy ! you have brung home the bacon . he lick he chop . he smell the delivery of some fresh take - out food . cur to : omit omit 58 int . maggie' van / ext . rural highway - day 59 on JOHN as he lean against the glass of the passenger window . the hit a bump and John be jolted off the glass . he rub he head . JOHN I tell you not to let I fall asleep ... he look out the front window and he eye widen in terror . cuT to : * v b59 60 61 revised.11/26/90 int . maggie' car / ext . rural highway : co : > b59 y on JOHN as he scream and go '' for the wheel . on maggie as we cut back to reality . she be try to drive while deal with John 's manic struggle as he grab the wheel . maggie John ! stop it ! wake up ! wake up !!! CUT to : ext . rural rd . - day 60 J maggie 's van pull a 360 . cut to int . maggie' van / ext . rural highway - day 61 as it spin , Spencer , carlos and Tracy tumble out of the back and roll towards the front . maggie notice they as the van screech to a halt . she freak as Spencer smile weakly up at she . . . spencer ( sheepish ) ... funny meeting you here . maggie do not smile , find it less than amusing . tracy , ( smack : Spencer on the back .' ‘of the 's head ) * ao great plan asshoie . spencer : it almost . 39 revised 11/21/90 62 omit omit 62 * 63 int . van / ext . rural highway - day 63 * V maggie be drive with one hand and lecture with the other . maggie this be a dumb stunt . believe it * or not there be people that care about ali of you back home . ( no reply ) be you listen to I ? tracy ( piss ) uw psec do not scream at I , it 's you drive that almost kill we . + * before the argument can continue , John notice carlos doze off in the back seat . John freak and start shaking he awake . JOHN ( urgent ) hey , no sleep ! get up ! Tracy bat he hand away . tracy Lay off ! ( continued ) 64 '' maggie bring ' the van to a stop on the edge of a rather ' pathetic town : fair in . a rather pathetic small town . revised 11/26/90 ext . sbringwood town pair — day peel , booth and attraction . no kid . springwood iss to appear normal . go about they normal routine . it be not work : '' maggie , John , and the kid get out of the van . _ + maggie '' hs 2 , < . ( to the kid ) a se sv okay , ftrstpyeetee -guingot find a phone and call Kelly . tell he you be alright . then I be go to trust you to get in that van and ao back to the shelter , @am= do hat ; or do I have to call the police ? which you know I do not want to do . oe oe * spencer how will you get back ? maggie * have Kelly send a car . the kid look at she , not happy with this arrangement . they -* march off to look for a phone after a beat or two . tracy mmock maggie ) ' " which you know I do not want to . * do . '' 3 fs ; ( grumble as she . go ) . i she be not my mother . cess as they walk off , we notice that John have be preoccupy . JOHN {to himself ) no : kid . , maggie ( overhear ) -john ir ... and the 64 A64 continued 6 qund . Z - he 's right . and that 's not all . john! , Pov .o£ some of the adult on . the surround grounds . fs they be stare at he . they look afraid . some of they quickly - } ' look away .. and rush off . on JOHN try hard to remember anything . JOHN . ( look at adult ) ulrdane they apraucl of 7 .? they be afraid of I . maggie react . cur to : J ext . town fair - day A64 on spencer , carlo and tracy as they huddle around a pay ohone . Spencer be fishing in he pocket for change . Tracy be look out over the fair . . CUT to : revised 11/9/90 b64 cé4 d6é4 e64 f64 ext . town fair - day tracy's Pov of the various attraction . cuT to : '' ) ext . town fair - day cé4 on a pie stand - the pie be rotting and crawl with buz fly . cuT to : ext . town fair - day d64 on a bumper car ring where one lonely old man ride around and around in one lonely old bumper car . no one to bump . cuT to : ext . town fair - day e64 on a clown lean up against a game booth , smoking a cigarette . no kid to delight . CUT to : ext . town fair - day f64 on tracy reacting . on spencer try to use the phone . we hear nothing but static from the receiver . no dial tone . he try it again , with the same result . . he start to turn to the other . spencer this phone 's out of order . tracy ( look around ) so 's this town . they be all suddenly surprised by the sudden , desperate appearance of a weird woman . she corner they by the pay phone . on the woman - jumpy , sweat , middle - age . too much make - up , it cover she face like repulsive and garish wallpaper . she smile a anxious smile , look like a junkie in need of a fix . ( continued ) f64 43 . - revised 12/3/90 ' ; continued . continued f64 ys as she talk , she constantly glance back over she shoulder . a nervous , frighten gesture from a nervous , frighten woman . weird woman ( insane ) what lovely child . what perfectly lovely , darling child . on tracy , spencer , and carlo cornere by this bizarre suburbanite . she block any path of escape . they be speechless before she presence . weird woman ( cont . ) would like to come home with I ? it 's be so long since we have child in the house . ( suddenly sad ) soooo long . ( suddenly perky ) but this time it will be different my perfectly adorable little baby . this time I '1il hide you and he will not find you . man ( 0.s. ) . ( shout ) ethel !!! the weird woman jump up , the man 's shout effectively cut off she insane rambling . she turn and run towards a stern look man , she husband . he grab she by the arm and drag she off . weird woman ( cry ) I want my child back ... man you know they bring he ! * on that line , bell suddenly start ringing . the alarm style * bell of a high school . the man and the woman react to the * bell fearfully . man * ( drag she off , turn to kid ) see what you do ! spencer ( deat , watch they * go ) we be in " twin peak . '' cuT to : g64 65 44 revised 12/3/90 omit omit g64 yl ext . town fair - parking area 65 John and maggie be back at the van . the bell be still ie ringing . maggie and John react to the bell . so do the rest of the pov adult . they start close up and take off . the bell suddenly stop ringing as Spencer , Tracy and carlos return to the van . the weird man and woman race past , but the ee man stop and point at John . man * ( accusatory ) you say you be get out , but you bring back more ! John just stare at he as they go .. * maggie ( beat , to kid ) % okay , c'mon , back in the van . carlo ( eyeing the town ) good idea . they head for the van . * z JOHN ( sudden ) * * hey ! watch the air here . it 's heavy . make you sleepy . do not give in . the kid exchange look , they think John be crazy . ( continued ) 65 a65 bos c65 66 45 revised 12/3/90 yy continued : continued 65 maggie ( to kid ) go ahead . they get in the van and pull out . Tracy 's drive . JOHN ( {to himself ) I hope they make it . maggie do not hear he . she look off towards the school . * * CUT to : omit omi a65 * ext . town fair - day b65 so maggie turn to John . * maggie shoot ( nod towards school ) somebody ring that bell . fovv JOHN ( weak smilie ) lucky we ... they start walk up the street , towards the school . maggie be * suddenly distract by something in the sky over a row of house . cuT to : ext . town fair - day cé5 * maggie' Pov - it 's the water tower . the water tower from the article . the water tower from the damn dream she 's be have for the last twenty year . on maggie - she react , then shake it off before John can * notice . int . van / ext . springwood residential STREET - day 66 ~ Tracy drive , while Spencer nag from the passenger seat . carlos be drowsy in the back . carlo ( find the map } hey there 's a map back here . { continued ) - 0 revised 11/21/9 46 continued continued 66 / 66 67 tracy ( supremely insulted ) do I say I need a map ? spencer ( remember ) I can not get over the way that people look at we . Spencer yawns . Tracy follow with a yawn of she own . tracy ( cont . ) quit the yawn . you be make I tired . CUT to : ext . town CENTER - day 67 4 the van drive down the street , past a bronze statue of a boy scout mount in the town 's center . a engrave on the statue read " the child shall endure . " CUT to : ext . chalkdrawing STREET - day 68 maggie and John walk towards the school , stride up the middle of a desert street . maggie suddenly stop . on maggie as she look down towards she foot . she 's notice something . John come over . JOHN why would you stop ? maggie ( point down ) look . on the ground beneath they foot . someone 's be coloring on the street . maggie and John be stand on top of a huge chalk draw . we be too close to it to make out what it be . we pull up and the draw be revealed . it 's a child 's rendering of freddy krueger , complete with claw and fedora . sketched in colorful stroke by what have to be many child work at once . under the illustration , they also scrawle the legend , " one two freddy coming for you . " ( continued ) * wv 68 revised 11/26/90 continued on maggie and JOHN as they step back and stare a be 5 key 's for John . JOHN : ( think ) : freddy ... maggie have you see this before ? JOHN Vo . I do not know , but I know who / pose dab * for this . whe ( point to draw ) nn it 's freddy krueger . maggie ( look at draw ) that 's not even human . John do not respond to that . he simply look at maggie . maggie ( cont . ) ( explain ) traumatize and abuse child often draw what they can not talk about . this draw simply represent something else . a middle - age woman suddenly appear at maggie 's side . she 's approach from one of the house . she carry a bucket of . soapy water and a large hand brush . she kneel by the draw and begin to wash it away , rubbing with the brush . a pweeee — maggie . and John stare at she . she look up at they . woman it will not wash away , not even when . it rain ... 2 she go back to she rubbing . she be right , the brush .. be have °* no. effect . the SOUND of she scrubbing be the -- only sound on the street , until John break the silence . esa . JOHN , ( to maggie ) : . what do she’ represent ? 's at a loss for word . 0 : ww 47 68 continued continued 68 '' on maggie and JOHN as they step back and stare at it . something be key for John . JOHN ( think ) cambya tan ! odie freddy ... fra ter ! oak maggie have you see this before ? JOHN I do not know , but I pase who this be . the husband of the woman from the article . ( point to draw ) this ... be Fred krueger . maggie nlook at draw ) that 's not even human . John do not respond to that . he simply look at maggie . maggie ( cont . ) ae ( explain ) . a a traumatize and abuse child : : . often draw what they can not talk about . this draw simply be represent something else . get a ox eet a middle - age woman suddenly appear at maggie 's side . she 's '' approach from one of the house . she carry a bucket.of ae soapy water and a large hand brush . she kneel by the draw and begin to wash it away , rubbing with the brush . a ) ih oveey at pr. - maggie and John stare at she . she look up at they . ye woman it will not wash away , not even when it rain ... she go back to she rubbing . she be right , the brush be have no effect . the SOUND of she scrubbing be the only sound on the ' : street , until John break the silence . soy JOHN ( to maggie ) what do she represent ? CA maggie 's at a loss for word . cs CUT to : a complete. circle . ' spencer : Nice go . take talent to travel he light pretty . in a complete circle . up a joint and offer it to carlos . carlo ( refuse ) I do not play that shit man , I need the few sense I get . tracy nbolt up ) put that fuck thing out . I hate that smell as much as I hate rich boy show -off . ( rub she eye ) it 's hard enough stay awake without you lighting up every ten second . spencer ( defensive ) it relax I . tracy ( threaten ) I can relax you . I will just puncture you heart with the first two finger of my right hand . mess up this upholstery pretty good . carlo ( lean in to Spencer ) I have see she do i sai not Spencer cough and stub out the joint . spencer ( under he 's breath ) you need to get laic ( continued ) . Tracy 's go revised 11/9/90 70 71 72 a72 73 74 75 49 continued continued 70 tracy * ( snap ) z no ! I dontt need any map ! they pull out again . * cuT to : omit omit 71 * omit omit 72 % omit omit a72 * ext . high school - day 73 ~ maggie and John walk through a rusty schoolyard . play field overgrown with weed and grass . John spot some graffiti on a wall . it 's a heart with two name draw in it . it read " glen love nancy . " a silent declaration from two lover long since go . John stare at it , wait for it to trigger some memory . it do not . he move away , and see a large red-brown stain on the ground below he . blood be spill here , a long time ago . on maggie as she approach the front door to the school . a weathered sign proclaim this structure to be " springwood high school . " the sign have be spray-paint over , and something have be write over it . " three four better lock you door . " maggie stare at the strange rhyme . John join she 's . JOHN ( regard the rhyme ) I guess they do not teach much poetry around here . they crack the door and enter . cuT to : omit omit 74 * ext . town CENTER - dream - day dug . 75 % they have circle back again . tracy ( deadpan ) gimme the map . ( to Spencer ) not a word . ( continued ) — J 4 revised 11/21/90 50 75 76 a76 b76 77 78 continued continued 75 a carlos start unfold the map . funny thing be , it do not % stop unfold . it just keep get bigger ... and bigger ... and = bigger . too big for physics to allow . we soon realize we be in x a nightmare . Tracy and Spencer watch as carlos struggle to unfold this seemingly endless road map . they start help carlos with it . now all three of they be unfold it ! it fill the van ! * on the map a message appear on its huge surface . " you're fucked !!! " guess who ? smash CUT to : omit omit 76 : omit omit a76 omit omit b76 int . town CENTER - reality - Day \vwat — 71 VA as carlos snap awake from he mini-nightmare . tracy carlos ! I ask you for the map . carlo ( disorient ) it say we be fuck . spencer okay , you have have two chance . now it 's my turn . tracy ( relenting but guard ) do not let I catch you copping a feel while I be sleep . spencer ( get out ) my hand would freeze . CUT to : ext . town CENTER - da¥ — — nal 78 / Tracy and Spencer switch side and Spencer pull the van out . * CUT to : 51 revised 1/23/91 79 int . highschool classroom - dusk 79 a steady murmuring have bring John and maggie to this * classroom . like most thing in this town , the classroom be a twisted ghost of its former self . something ordinary , now take to a extraordinary extreme . as maggie and John enter , we reveal syke . he be a teacher once , but now all he student be go , as be most of he mind . his suit do not look too well either . he have thick glass that have fall half - way down he nose . a huge pencil holder weigh down the pocket of he stain shirt . he 's at the chip blackboard , furiously write something . chalk dust fly into he hair . syke ( cont . ) ( without turn around ) you will all be expect to pass both a write and oral exam ... John and maggie look around . the class be empty , save for two . * seat , each behind a rusty desk . maggie - ( whisper to John ) do not disturb he ... one of the desk have a thick volume on it . maggie move towards it , she start flipping through it . syke ( still write ) you be go to need to study this ... John watch as syke suddenly pull down a weird map of springwood , complete with thing like '' dream border '' and murder site mark off . scribble over the map be '' five six grab you crucifix . " maggie snap John out of it . maggie well , you be here . on the volume John 's article fit perfectly into a hole tear out of the * volume 's page . this be where he get the clipping . ( continued ) revised 1/23/91 79 continued continued on syke as he suddenly spin around , finish with write on the board . he push he glass up triumphantly and stare at a class that be not there . syke ( proud ) welcome to '' freddy 101 . " CUT to : 52 79 79 80 revised 12/5/90 53 continued JOHN ( start to remember ) freddy happen here . maggie be about to respond but freeze when they suddenly hear a noise offscreen . it sound like heavy footstep . hidden p.o.v. of John and maggie notice the noise . ext . town CENTER - night Spencer pull the van up to the statue . all three kid pile out of the van , yawn and exhaust . Dead on they foot . spencer ( confuse ) there 's no way out .. tracy not with you drive . carlo ( the Tracy ) you do not do much better . tracy ( walk away ) no , but at least I do it in half the time . carlo ( call after she ) where 's be you go ? tracy ( feed up ) away . spencer look , we be just too fry to see straight . let 's find maggie . tracy ( whirl on he ) I / m not turn myself over for any '' adult supervision '' . this girl 's gonna get some rest and get out of here in the morning . she continue walk away from they . ( continued ) 53 revised 1/23/91 80 ext . town CENTER - night 80 Spencer pull the van up to the statue . all three kid pile out of the van , . yawn and exhaust . Dead on they foot . spencer ( confuse ) there 's no way out ... tracy not with you drive . carlo ( to Tracy ) you do not do much better . tracy ( walk away ) no , but at least I do it in twice of the time . . carlo ( call after she ) where be you go ? tracy ( feed uo ) away . spencer look , we be just too fry to see straight . let 's find maggie . tracy ( whirl on he ) I be not turn myself over for any " adult supervision . '' this girl 's gonna get some rest and get out of here in the morning . she continue walk away from they . ( continued ) 80 81 revised 12/5/90 54 continued tracy ( cont . ) in fact , I think I see my kind of neighborhood up ahead . empty . spencer ( follow ) the sad thing be , I be start to like she . carlo that be sad . ext . elm STREET - night that 's right . elm Street . the supreme '' bad place '' of the universe . a street that rank right there with '' the Flying dutchman '' , and '' the bermuda triangle '' . the street that make '' the amityville horror '' look like a Long Island tupperware party . Tracy , Spencer , and carlos cross right under the '' Zlm Street '' street sign . they walk down the waste avenue , pass burn out house with crooked '' for sale '' sign plant on they rotted lawn . Tracy stop they in front of one particular house . ' tracy ( look o.s . ) this be the one . we 'il have it all to ourselves . spencer ( look o.s . ) I bet there 's no heat . we reveal that they be stand in front of a plain look , slightly run down but harmless abandon house . tracy ( sarcastic ) you will live . Tracy throw Spencer a contemptuous lock and head in , carlos behind she . Spencer stand he ground for a few second before give in . he follow they inside . CUT to : 82 83 84 85 revised 11/26/90 55 ext . elm STREET - night as soon as they be in , the house transform into the sinister , creepy elm STREET house we be all familiar with . it creak as it change . his fly trap have sprung . cur to : omit omit omit int . elm STREET house / live room - night the kid be explore . the house be innocuous , mostly empty of furniture and decoration . seemingly harmless , until you fall asleep in it . carlo ( yawn ) I need to find a bed . ( continued ) 56 85 continued continued 85 spencer I need to find a bathroom . tracy ( disappointed ) this place make the shelter look like the ritz . carlos begin climb the stair to the second floor . CUT to : 86 int . upstair hallway - night 86 ss carlos be walk down the same hallway we see in John 's nightmare . he turn into the same room . CUT to : 87 int . carlo ' bedroom ~- night 87 yy it 's a plain , stripped bedroom with a rusty box - spring shove into a corner . carlos pick up a dusty sheet and throw it over the spring . he stretch out . carlo beat the street ... CuT to : 88 int . elm STREET house , live room - night 88 Tracy and Spencer continue to look around . spencer why do you think that kid say not to fall asleep ? ( continued ) 88 89 90 57 revised 1/23/91 continued . continued 88 tracy ( preoccupy ) because he 's 4 iamo Ms. maggie 's pet psycho. ( call upstairs ) carlos ! CUT to : omit omit 39 int . highschool classroom - night _ 90 the lesson continue . everything you ever want to know about freddy but be afraid to ask . syke have pull up the map and draw out a elaborate time - line detail freddy 's = history . it go from the original crime to he return as a dream demon . it 's surround on the board by totally incomprehensible formulas and footnate . syke ( babbling ) . in fourteen hundred and ninety - three , freddy sail across the sea ...- maggie have be flipping through the volume . maggie ( to john} I can not find anything on you . JOHN ( 0.s. ) } at least I be not up here . maggie react and turn to see John look at something in the rear of the room . she join he and see that he 's stare at a '' in memoriam " display of every decease student 's picture . there be score of they lining the back wall . maggie ( stunne ) the date .... they be all within a ten year period , what the hell happen here ? JOHN ( remember ) freddy happen here . maggie that 's impossible , he be dead by the time this start . ( continued ) as7 revised 1/23/91 90 continued continued 90 syke suddenly smack he pointer onto a particular event on * he time - line .. maggie and John swing around and move forward . syke here 's a crucial point , anyone know what I be talk about ? anyone ? hmmm ? pov he wait for someone to raise they hand and answer . he let * out a exasperate sigh and answer for he class . syke oe we cover this , people .... here 's where they take he child away . JOHN - ( interested ) what child ? syke ( do not even hear he ) taken from he and put into the town orphanage , add a critical variable to a already unstable status quo . JOHN - ( to maggie ) he have a kid .... syke * { back write ) in fourteen hundred and ninety - four , freddy come back to look for more .... CUT to : 88 89 90 revised 12/5/90 57 continued tracy ( preoccupy ) because he 's a lamo freak , Ms. maggie 's pet psycho. ( call upstairs ) carlos ! cur to : omit int . library - night John and maggie try to locate the source of the strange sound . they be suddenly startle when syke jump out in front of they . in he own hat and sweater we could swear it 's freddy , but we soon see he 's simply a near-toothless old man with a severe case of bad nerve . a pair of cheap sunglass cover he eye . he shake as he wave a wrench at they . John shield maggie with he body . syke ( incoherent ) f.k. go away .. f.k. go away .. f.k. go away ... John and maggie back off . syke ( cont . ) I know there have be people come .. to blame it on I . ( start to sob ) he make mar promise not to tell ... say I would get worse if I do , after he come back . maggie from where ? ( continued ) revised 11/26/90 b57 90 continued syke from be dead . he promise I he have come for I .. in my sleep . that 's when he get you . ( point to he hide eye ) but I be too smart for he . I take care of that . everything might have be different , if they have not take the kid away ... JOHN ( interest up ) what kid ? ( continued ) 58 90 continued continued 90 91 92 syke f.k. 's kid . they take it away from he , put it in the orphanage . drive he even crazier . JOHN his child . what be its name ? syke ( ignore he ) but he can not get I , I be not sleep , do not need to . too damn smart , see ... close on syke as he whip off he glass , and we see how he 's outsmart freddy . he 's pulled he eyelids back and stapled they to he eyebrow . he can never close they . as a result , he eye be a mass of burst blood vessel and crust . i 4 on JOHN and maggie as they gasp . syke turn and run off . ie raja obec syke f.k. go away , f.k. go away ... CUT to : int . carlo ' bedroom - night 91 carlos sit up when he hear he name call . only it 's not Tracy 's voice that call it . it 's a older woman' voice , with a heavy spanish accent . woman ( 0.s. ) ( stern ) carlos ! carlos look up . he head for the door , shake . the voice disturb he . welcome to carlos ' nightmare . carlo ( shaky ) Tracy ...? CUT to : int . upstair hallway - night 92 carlos come out of the room and into the empty hallway . woman ( 0.s. ) why do not you listen to I carlos !? you never listen !? ( continued ) revised 1/23/91 91 92 int . carlo 's bedroom - night carlos sit up when he hear he name call . only it 's not s8 gl Tracy 's voice that call it . it 's a older woman be : voice , with a heavy spanish accent . woman ( 0.s. ) ( stern ) carlos ! carlos look up . he head for the door , shake . the voice disturb he . welcome to carlos ' nightmare . carlo ( shaky ) Tracy ...? CUT to : int . upstai2 zs hallway - night carlos come out of the room and into the empty hallway . woman ( 0.s. ) why do not you listen to I carlos !? you never listen !? ( continued ) 92 92 93 $ 9 continued continued 92 carlo ( scared ) Tracy ? carlos turn a corner . CUT to : int . tenement hallway - night 93 we be in a different hallway , in a different house . it 's a cramped inner city tenement hallway . rat compete with garbage for floor space . Dark , smokey , nasty . carlos stop . he know this place . he 's home . carlo Tracy , where be you ? woman ( 0.s. ) ( chill ) behind you ... close on carlos as he turn around , sweat pour down he face . a meaty hand suddenly fly forward and whap carlos on he ear . on the woman , carlos ' mother , a large and powerful psychopath . she grin with a maniacal glee as she eye betray the joy she feel as we relive the moment where carlos go deaf . woman maybe you do not hear so good . maybe I clean out you ear for you . carlo ( freaking ) mama , no ... do not do this . I be good , I be a good boy !!! she produce a excruciatingly long q- tip . on carlo as he react . carlo ( as she advance ) I be a good boy !!! don 't make I deaf mama !!! i'm sorry ! !!! ( continued ) 93 94 95 revised 11/26/90 60 continued carlos start back up , he turn to run but a hand grab he and shove the q-tip in he ear !!! we pull back and reveal that it 's freddy instead of he mother . freddy twist it in the ear until it pop out the other , pop out he hearing aid !!! freddy I be not !!! carlos turn and see it 's freddy ! carlos start to draw strength from he anger and fear . carlo : I didn ’t do anything !!! with the realization come the physical strength to rip the q-tip out of he ear . the victory 's short live as freddy reach out with he glove . freddy carlos , lend I you ear !!! hahahara ! !! slice ! freddy neatly cut off carlos 's ear with he blade . carlos scream as freddy throw he clear through the building 's rotten outer wall . cur to : ext . FIRE escape - night carlos come smashing through the wall and go tumble down a old rickety fire escape . cuut to : int . nightmare boiler room carlos land on a catwalk . we hear what he hear . nothing . nothing except for he own heartbeat , and it 's beat fast . the boy be in a state of panic . his hand be over the hole where he ear and hearing aid use to be . pipe spew steam all around but we do not hear the hiss . the boiler room be a cobweb of shadow . carlos look around , we hear he breathing . freddy step out of the shadow and approach carlos from behind . carlos of course can not hear he . can not hear the footstep , or the laugh . ( continued ) 95 a95 b95 revised 11/26/90 61 continued freddy mug in the background , swinging carlos 's hearing aid , delighted that carlos can not hear he . as carlos turn a corner , freddy disappear into the shadow . on carlo as he slump down to the floor , hand over he head . we hear he heartbeat and breathing escalate until they result in a terrific outburst . he scream into the air . carlo ntorture cry ) give I my hearing back !!! on freddy as he appear behind carlos . he come up behind carlos and jam the hearing aid into carlos 's remain ear . on carlo - it hurt . int . nightmare boiler room - night on the ear as the hearing aid mutate into a nasty clamp that dig into he flesh . cur to : int . nightmare boiler room ~— night on carlo - his hearing be back , but something 's wrong . on freddy as he pull a steel pin out of he finger . freddy ( hold a single blade to he lip ) shhhhh . on he hand as it let the pin drop . on the pin as it fall through the air . we hear it whistle downward . on carlo ~ he hear it too . enough to make it hurt . the mutate hearing aid have amplified carlo 's hearing ! on the pin as it fall . ( continued ) b9s cos d95 e95 62 continued continued b95 ya on carlo - he realize what 's happen . he leap and catch the pin at the last minute . he let out a sigh of relief . if it have hit the ground , who know what damage the sound would have cause to he newly acquire sensitive hearing ? I be glad you ask that question . because .... on freddy - the little devil . he produce a whole handful of pin . hundred of they . he laugh ... and let they drop . cuT to : int . nightmare boiler room - night cas ~~ on the pin as they fall . cuT to : 4 int . nightmare boiler room - night . J d95 on carlo - he panic as he hear the amplified whistling . he know what 's come . on the pin as they land . when they hit , they make a noise so S booming you would think someone drop a hundred buick off the wo} Empire State Building . of on carlo as he hear the amplified SOUND . it hurt . freddy have give he hearing that 's about a thousand time more sensitive than a blind person' . carlos be crush by the pain . he stagger up and try to run from the echo , but he can not escape . he crumple to the ground . be carlo yore x > ( hand he head ) ccut to : int . nightmare boiler room - night geom wo 5 ec e95 S eo oe a new set of footstep pound they way into carlos ' brain . with each step , carlos ' head vibrate and pulse from the inside . it sound like a giant , but it 's only freddy . he turn the corner and produce a " Mr. wizard " blackboard out of thin air . all SOUND stop . cuT to : revised 11/9/90 f95 g95 h95 96 97 63 int . nightmare boiler room - night f95 a freddy raise he glove and position he blade against the blackboard . he scrape one blade against its surface . just a tiny bit . it emit a short screech so terrible it cause a fresh spout of blood to fly from carlos ' ear hole . on carlo as he shake he head " no . " plead . on freddy as he shake he head " yes . " he start to scrape he glove against the blackboard with enormous joy and ferocity . the amplify screech be like the SOUND of a billion piece of chalk hitting a billion blackboard at once . cuT to : int . nightmare boiler room - night g95 on carlo as the SOUND tear he apart . vein begin to bulge under he skin . blood vessel be beginning to burst in he eye and nose . blood run down he face as he head expands . critical mass be building . he finally just explode ! / CUT to : int . nightmare boiler room ~- night h95 J freddy ( beat ) Nice hearing from you carlos . cu uut to : int . carlo ' bedroom - night . 96 - back in the real world , carlos ! body simply disappear into the fabric of the house in ancexplosion of b gat - nt end just as Tracy step into the room tracy carlos ? cuT to : S int . nightmare boiler room - night 97 the blue light , carlos ' soul , fly right into freddy . he take the energy in and seem to grow in power as a result . his chest heave and he voice grow deeper as he 's surround by the crackling blue light . freddy ( orgasmic ) ear today , go tomorrow !!! * hahaha !!! cur to : revised 11/21/90 pod 64 98 int . carlo ' bedroom - night . 98 Tracy find carlos ' hearing aid on the floor . she stare at it a moment before shove it in she pocket and head out . cur to : 99 int . elm STREET den - night 99 Tracy come downstairs and start look for carlos , call he name . Spencer be slump on what 's leave of the live room couch , joint in hand . he 's barely conscious as he stare at a break down , smashed in t.v. Tracy come over . tracy I can not find carlos . spencer ( go ) do you see what 's on this t.v.? Tracy let out a disgust hiss and stalk away . tracy ( as she leave ) I be take the van to look for he . she exit . Spencer be totally enthralled by the bust television . his eye begin to close . CUT to : a99 ( video ) int . elm STREET den ~ night ag9 a99 -1 ( live action - insert ) ai9 - 1 spencer' Pov we see why Spencer 's so fascinate by the t.v. it 's run a program from freddy 's network . dozen of desperate kid ' face be press up against the inside of the tube . we see carlos appear in the background . all the kid be scar or bloody . they be all scream one thing to Spencer . kide ( on t.v. ) get out ! run ! leave now ! cut to : 65 b99 int . elm STREET den - night b99 on spencer as he smile , one step away from go under . spencer . carlos man , we be just look for you . Spencer fall asleep . cuT to : 100 omit omit 100 101 omit omit 101 102 ext . gphanage - night 102 ~~ peel paint and break toy mark the entrance . CUT to : J 103 int . orphanage - night eal 103 maggie and John walk through corridor line with empty room and fade _ wallpaper . maggie quuliy we should not have come here , we be ( suppose to be find out about yo the pa you , not some dead killer 's child . ' d and JOHN uch . wt ( tense ) ce re you might . be talk about the ~ same thing . — — — maggie ( react ) look , this entire town be obssess over this krueger character . that do not mean you have to join they . JOHN ( mind racing ) why else would they be afraid of I ? why else would I still be alive , when all the other be dead ? and why else would I have be do the research ? before maggie can answer , they hear a voice in a room at the corridor 's end . as they draw closer we can tell that it 's a woman 's voice . she 's singing to some tinny music . ( continued ) revised 11/01/90 66 103 continued continued 103 mrs . gibbon ( 0.s ) ( cheerful ) skip , skip , skip to my Lou , skip , skip , skip to my Lou , etc . they follow the singing until they reach the room . cuT to : : 104 int . orphange playroom - night 104 Ze mrs . gibbon sing " skip to my Lou " to a empty room , only she see about fifty kid dance in a circle . she 's a overweight , middle - age woman with scraggly grey hair and a fade dress circa 1962 . a beat up old phonograph pipe out the nursery music . maggie and John enter the room and watch the woman conduct she imaginary class . mrs . gibbon ( call out ) keep up Jeffrey ... martha , no run , everyone hold hand . she notice John and maggie . mrs . gibbon ( to John and maggie ) oh , you have come back . how nice . Mrs. gibbon walk over to they . JOHN do you remember I ? mrs . gibbon of course I do my boy . I remember everyone of my child . ( turn to maggie ) especially you ... what a pretty little girl you be . maggie react . Mrs. gibbon turn to the air around they . mrs. gibbon ( talk to the air ) and I remember you , and you , and you ... ( continued ) 67 revised 11/21/90 104 continued continued 104 S JOHN ( interrupt ) do you remember the krueger child ? mrs . gibbon I remember all my child . JOHN = ( desperate ) who be it ? mrs . gibbon ( clam up ) we be be not permit to disclose a child 's real identity . Mrs. gibbon turn away and start conduct she " class . " mrs . gibbon skip , skip , skip to my Lou , etc . John be frantic . maggie wander about the room , distract . she find she way to one wall . she kneel down and find something color in crayon in one lower corner . maggie fcall he over ) John . John come over . he kneel down and see what she 's look at . on the drawing it 's old . a crudely draw family portrait , do in stick figure . a mommy , a daddy , and a child . the daddy 's in a red and green sweater . you can not tell the sex of the child from the draw . it 's sign in a childish signature . " K. krueger . " * on JOHN and maggie - John be pale . JOHN K. krueger . it could mean anything * from Kevin to Kyle . * maggie all this mean be there be a child here with that name . JOHN ( finality ) it 's I . I be he kid and that 's why I be still alive . he 's play some sick game with I . 5 ( cont tnted ) 104 105 revised 11/26/90 continued they exit . 68 maggie '' he '' be dead . and you be not he child . JOHN how do you know ? that woman recognize I . maggie that '' woman '' also remember I and about fifty other imaginary playmate . let 's get out of here . this whole town need a squadron of psychiatrist . CUT to : ext . orphange - night John and maggie come walk down the step . Tracy screech to a halt in front of the step . maggie react . tracy I can not believe I find you ! maggie what the hell be you still do here ? tracy ( near tear ) I can not find carlos ! we try to leave but we keep get lose and now I can not find carlos . and he do not have he hearing aid . JOHN ( worried ) where 's the other one ? tracy wasted , back at this old house we find . JOHN c’mon ! we have to get to he before freddy . tracy who 's freddy ? ( continued ) 105 106 a106 revised 11/26/90 69 continued JOHN ( get in van ) I x11 tell you all about he on the way . they all get into the van and drive off . cur to : int . elm STREET house - dream den - night ( video shoot ) Spencer on the couch . the glow from the tv light up he face . his half - lidd eye start to move as he respond to something on the screen . on the tv a serious but understanding , intense look teen do a '' public service '' commercial on drug abuse . he stand over a stove , fry pan in hand . the pan be full of crackling oil . teen okay , one more time . this be you brain . the teen proceed to hold up a pair of egg and drop they into the fry pan . they immediately begin to sizzle and fry . teen ( cont . ) and this be you brain on drug . ( he look at we ) a ) estion ? ker-blang !!! a fry pan whap the teen spokesman across the head . he drop and we reveal freddy stand behind he . freddy ( answer teen ) yeah , what be you on ? it look like a fry pan and some egg to I !! on spencer - he start crack up . on tv ~ freddy address he '' audience '' . freddy hey Spencer , let 's trip out ! ( continued ) revised 11/26/90 r69 106 continued a106 on spencer — he stop laugh . he notice freddy 's talk to he . he stare at the screen . CUT to : b106 int . elm STREET house - dream den - night b106 -1 ( video shoot ) on tv - the picture 's go all psychedelic . a kaleidoscope of swirl color . cur to : c106 d106 e106 70 int . elm STREET house - dream den - night c106 on spencer as he get up and start walk over to the screen to get a better look . spencer ( lean in ) cool. cuT to : int . elm STREET house - dream den - night d106 just as Spencer 's about to back away , the t.v. stretch out and literally grab Spencer and pull he inside . cuT to : int . elm STREET house - real den - night e106 freddy ( 0.s. ) game time !!! freddy 's voice echoes out as maggie , Tracy , and John burst in . they miss see the dream Spencer suck into the t.v. by mere second . Tracy notice that Spencer 's no longer there . tracy now he 's go . John pause , feel the air . he can almost tell freddy be just here . JOHN he must have fall asleep . maggie ( ignore that ) I will look downstairs , you two look here and upstairs . JOHN they be not here anymore . maggie ( annoyed ) just humor 'mee and look . now . ( continued ) e106 107 revised 11/26/90 . 71 continued they split up , with maggie head for the basement as Tracy head upstairs . John continue to feel the air inside the house . cur to : int . basement - night maggie come downstairs and start look for Spencer and carlos . maggie carlos ? a rumbling of brick attract maggie 's attention to a wall up section of the basement . cement over , the cement have start to crack and the entire wall seem loose . she walk over to it . she hear a rumbling , and a scraping from behind the wall . maggie ( call out ) carlos ! ( beat , to herself ) good think , the kid 's deaf . {out loud ) Spencer !!! she listen . no answer . just scraping . she see a piece of twine on the floor , embed in the cement . maggie pull it , and pull it , and pull it . the twine move up until it 's rip a outline of a door in the cement . the cement fall away , revealing a hide room . she peer inside . tack to the wall be dozen of article recount freddy 's infamous rampage . there be several early model of freddy 's glove litter about . maggie this be krueger 's house ? she notice step lead up to a cellar door and head for they . CUT to : 72 108 int . video game , spencer' dream 108 ( computer animation ) a108 ( live action ) a108 yes 109 110 a110 111 Spencer be emerse inside some psychedelic environment . he can not get a fix on where he be but he kind of like it at first . he like it until the environment start to clear up and we reveal he 's be pull into some kind of " mario bros . - esque " video game . Spencer find himself navigate a sheer brick wall as object roll toward he try to make he fall . CUT to : int . nightmare boiler room 109 4 freddy be play the " Spencer game " on a t.v. , a wire control device with a joystick in he hand . freddy now I be play with power !!! hahahahahaha !!! he press the button mark " jump . " CUT to : int . video game , spencer' dream 110 ( computer animation ) ( live action ) a110 Spencer involuntarily jump over the advance object . one after another with dizzying speed . all the while we hear insanely monotonous video game muzak play over it . cuT to : ext . elm STREET backyard - night 111 back in the real world , maggie come up through the cellar door and enter a backyard garden that look conspicuously like the backyard garden from she dream . complete with the tall wooden fence that run around its border . on maggie as she look around . she see the water tower over the fence . maggie ( chill realization ) fk we va I be here ... < ? CUT to : '' 112 a112 113 114 a114 revised 11/26/90 73 ( live action ) Spencer jump out of the line of the roll object and land hard in another '' world '' of the game . a subterranean landscape of pipe and concrete bunker . Spencer turn only to be face by a new menace . a computer - game version of he dad . complete with tennis short and racket ! spencer ( cont . ) ( react ) dad !? the computer game version of dad simply start whacking at Spencer with he tennis racket , like some mindless computer automation . dad ( computer voice ) '' be a man , be a man , be a man , be a man !!! " cur to : int . nightmare boiler room - night preddy be have a great time with the remote . freddy Father know best !!! he hit a button on the remote mark '' turbo '' . cur to : int . video game , spencer 's dream ( computer animation ) { live action ) Computer - game dad speed up and keep whacking Spencer . dad '' be like I , be like I , be like I , be like I !!! Spencer take a stand and spin . he grab the racket and pound dad over the head , crush he cartoon body . spencer ( near tear ) I be not like you !!! I do not want to be like youll ! ( continued ) 74 a114 continued continued a114 even bigger dad ( 0.s. ) ( deeper computer voice ) '' be like I !!! " Spencer spin only to be greet by a even bigger and more monstrous dad , with a bigger and more monstrous tennis racket . he wind up and smack spencer straight into a video game tree fill with " magic fruit . " one fall and hit Spencer on the head . it glow red . Spencer seem to know what this be . spencer ( stoke ) alll-riiight !!! he swallow the glow fruit and he start to glow red from the inside . he turn toward he " game dad " and start shoot powerful fireballs from he fist ! spencer ( cont . ) Super Spencer !!! dad go up in a bright burst of energy . Super Spencer turn and start punching he way out of the game . he 's punch like a automated video game character . he can not stop ! he look scared as he punch through one wall after another . CUT to : b1ll4 int . nightmare boiler room - night b1l14 J freddy 's have a great time at the control . freddy great graphic !!! he twist the joystick and : cuT to : c114 int . video game , spencer' dream c1il4 d114 ( animation ) d114 Spencer speed up and go fly through one of the video game wall . cuT to : 115 int . elm STREET house - dine room - night 115 Spencer 's body come crashing through a wall . it fly over John 's head and smashes into a old dining room table . ( continued ) 115 116 a116 b116 c116 117 revised 12/5/90 75 continued JOHN ( beat ) I find Spencer ! Tracy come run downstairs . ext . elm STREET house backyard ~ night maggie react to the noise and rush inside . cur to : int . elm STREET house - dine room - night maggie race over to John and Tracy , who be bent over Spencer . he seem to be convulse in he sleep . his arm flail about , as if something heavy be on top of he . int . video game , spencer 's dream ( computer animation ) in the game , there be something heavy on top of he . a video game version of freddy !!! video - freddy be stomping up and down on Spencer in some jerky , video game movement . cur to : int . elm STREET house - dine room - night in reality , black and blue bruise be appear all over Spencer 's body . maggie what 's happen to he ?! JOHN he 's stick in a nightmare . ' tracy and it 's kick the shit out of he ! maggie ( urgent ) well wake he up !!! ( continued ) 117 revised 12/5/90 continued 76 tracy I try . he 's too waste . JOHN freddy 's get he . tracy freddy ..? then what you say be true , he 's real . JOHN Real ? I give up on reality a long time ago . maggie we have to get he out ! JOHN ( beat ) I 'il go into he dream , try and bring he out before he get kill . maggie ( exasperate ) that 's crazy . CUT to : all17 int . elm STREET house ~ night Spencer 's body suddenly fly up and hit the ceiling . it remain there for a beat before crash back to the ground . JOHN ( to maggie ) what do you call that , rational ?! Spencer 's body then jump up and start bounce around the house punch hole in the wall at super speed . he 's become a live cartoon character ! maggie go chase after he . at6 c117 # int . elm STREET house — dinging room — night tracy he 's get trash ! JOHN I have to go in . tracy what about '' freddy '' ? JOHN ( weird smile ) freddy will not hurt I . , I be family . cut to : revised 10/30/90 17 d117 int . elm STREET house - hallway - night i d117 =< wr he head off towards a corner , Tracy follow . we see maggie in the background chase Spencer . on maggie as Spencer punch a hole in the wall right next to she , barely miss she head . ina flash , he 's go . we hear however the crashing and banging he 's do offscreen . a lot of boom , ping , and boinks . cut to : e117 int . elm STREET house - dine room - night e117 on JOHN and tracy amid the craziness . tracy how do you plan to " go in ? " JOHN ( grab a loose piece of wood ) I be too torque up to sleep , you will have to put I in . ( hand she the wood ) Lay I out . tracy ( react ) what !? JOHN ( urgent ) c'mon , fuck lay I out , now !!! tracy {tries to tell he ) wait , Doc teach I a easier way . you just -- JOHN ( cut she off ) there 's not time to talk , just do ivi ! he smack her . hard . twice . it work . she swing the wood and whap he across the side of the head . he start to fall , head for the dining room table . just as he 's about to hit , he fall through it , as if it be not there . curt to : 118 119 a119 b119 120 b120 revised 11/26/90 78 int . nightmare boiler room - night John come smashing through a boiler to make a hard landing on the catwalk . he hold he head . cur to : int . elm STREET house ~ upstair hallway ~ night maggie watch as Spencer go bouncing right up the stair , all at incredible speed . the plaster start fall over she head as she trace he movement from below . it sound like a war upstairs . ( live action ) int . video game , spencer 's dream ( computer animation ) the tide have turn and video - freddy be kicking and punching Spencer through the cartoon landscape . cur to : int . nightmare boiler room - night Tracy startles John by floating softly in from above , a mark contrast to John 's entrance . tracy ( off John 's look ) I tell you I know a easier way . concentration and meditation , just like Doc say . John throw she a look , but they attention be take by freddy 's laugh . cur to : int . nightmare bioler room - night they follow it and find he in front he tv , play the Spencer video game . on tracy as she see Spencer on the screen , get whapped by freddy . she head for it . JOHN wait !!! she race toward freddy and kick the control out of he hand , then rip the cord out of the tv . cur to : 121 al21 b121 c121 p121 e121 122 revised 11/26/90 719 int . video game , spencer' dream ( computer animation ) ( live action ) video - freddy suddenly go limp , allow Spencer to start smashing it . int . nightmare boiler room —- night as freddy whip out he glove and we see it have turn into a remote control '' power Glove '' . freddy ( laugh ) forget the remote ! he make a few abrupt , jerk move on the glove . CUT to : int . video game , spencer' dream ( computer animation ) video - freddy start banging away at Spencer . he deliver a final punch that send the boy off the screen . cur to : int . nightmare boiler room — night John and Tracy watch as the tv explode in a shower of spark . freddy hey ! I beat my high score ! int . elm STREET house ~- night Spencer 's body come bounce down the stair . the rug suddenly peel back at the bottom , revealing rotted wooden plank . maggie watch helplessly as Spencer bounce right through the plank and into the wait pit . she lean over the pit edge and be greet by a upsurge of blue light . bye Spencer . cur to : b123 124 revised 12/5/90 80 int . nightmare bioler room as the blue light hit freddy 's body . he grow and feed off the power . freddy ( to John and Tracy ) ooooh yeah ... ( he eat Spencer 's soul ) wit ! 's good to be back in business ... {he look at John ) thanks to you . they back away as freddy feast . freddy ( to Tracy ) I can not for you .. daddy 's girl .. I be gonna --- we never get to hear what he be '' gonna '' do . Tracy cut he off by kick freddy flat in the ball !!! ouch !!! tracy ( enraged ) shut the fuck up !!! just as freddy recover , Tracy start to fade away . cur to : int . elm STREET house — dine room - night maggie be waking Tracy up . she 's in tear but in control . maggie ( shell - shocked , cry ) Spencer 's go . I could not stop it . tracy ( grab she ) John 's still in there ! maggie ( not move ) I can not wake he up . they look at John 's tremble body . ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 a131 revised 11/26/90 81 continued tracy ( shake maggie out of it ) what be we go to do !!? maggie ( beat , then snap out of it ) we be go to pick he up , and we be go to get the hell out of here ! cur to : omit omit int . van / ext . highway / town border - night maggie race toward the town border . we move in on John 's sleep face . smash CUT to : omit omit int . JOHN 's bedroom - day John wake up scream , clutching he sweat soak pillow . have this all be a dream ? John cautiously get up , dress in only jeans , and move toward he window . be the house fall , like in he earlier dream ? he fling the curtain open . the house be not fall . John let out a sigh of relief . cur to : ( vfx ) int . JOHN 's front door - day ( live action ) John walk out toward he door , he open it , a beautiful morning in the make . we stay inside the house as John walk onto the front lawn . that 's when the entire ground suddenly drop away , fall hundred of mile a hour !!! it take a scream john with it . the house stay perfectly still , suspend in space cur to : revised 10/30/90 a81 b131 int . john' bedroom - night b131 as John wake up yet again , scream . he quickly get he bear and sit up . JOHN ( start laugh ) not again . he 's not gonna get I again . nothing 's gonna get I off this bed . ( continued ) b131 c131 d131 £ 131 revised 12/5/90 82 continued guess again . foom ! the bed suddenly light on fire . John stare at it in disbelief as the flame spread throughout he room . JOHN ( resign ) I hate this house . he have no choice . he dive out the window as the flame advance . cur to : ext . sky — night John plummet , as he have do before . but this time he notice a string hand from he shirt . it have a tag on it , he read it . on the tag it say : '' in case of emergancy , pull string '' . oh JOHN ~ he pull it and a parachute suddenly shoot out from under he shirt and violently yank he upward . cur to : ext . town border - night John 's body in reality also get yanked upward and literally go through the roof of the van . maggie screech to a stop about ten yard from the town sign . cur to : ext . sky - night jobn start float down toward the Earth , relieved for the moment . the relief vanish when he hear a laugh from up above . he look up . JOHN 's Pov on freddy ! who 's hang flat against the inside top of the parachute . he suddenly launch himself off and fall straight toward John ! oh JOHN as freddy land right next to he . he grab John 's neck to stop he fall , and then draw the boy in close . JOHN ( terrify ) I know who I be now . freddy ( have fun ) really ? revised 11/01/90 83 e131 continued . continued e131 JOHN I know why you let I go . freddy you think I be you daddy ...? freddy start sawing through one of the parachute cord with he blade . John react . freddy ( cont . ) +.. you be wrong !!! the cord snap ! John start falling faster ! JOHN ( panicked ) but you let I live ... freddy only long enough to bring my daughter back . she 's gonna take I to a whole new playground !! John react to this as freddy start saw the other cord . the cord snap . John fall faster and shake he head " no . " freddy shake he head " yes " and start saw through the final cord . freddy ( cont . ) you be ground . the cord snap and John fall straight down , without freddy . CUT to : f131 ext . dream border - night f131 john' Pov of the rapidly approach ground . CUT to : g131 ext . dream border - night g131 freddy suddenly appear and slide a bed of long , razor sharp steel spike onto the spot John 's fall toward . we see John 's shadow appear and grow larger . we can hear the whistle of he body as it drop . freddy giggle and move away . CUT to : # 131 1131 132 133 134 135 136 revised 12/5/90 84 ext . sky - night John see what 's wait for he . ext . dream border - night JOHN 's Pov of the spike and come closer and closer and closer ! just as he 's about to hit we .. omit omit ext . real border ~- night as John 's body violently convulse on the ground . dozen of red hole appear all over he body . maggie kneel beside he as Tracy approach . maggie ( tear ) John !!! JOHN ( die ) I be wrong .. it 's not a boy .. no good . he slump down , dead . his body suddenly disappear in that same explosion of blue light . cur to : ext . dream border - night on the town sign the population number cross itself out in blood . a new number be write in , minus one . on freddy on the dream road . receiving the soul of the last springwood teen . he feed off the energy . pulse with new strength . freddy ( roar ) aaaahhhhhh ! ! ! omit 85 revised 12/19/90 137 ext . real border - night 137 sy we can hear freddy 's cry reverberate as maggie herd Tracy back into the van . maggie we have to go ! they peel out . CUT to : a137 ext . real border - night al37 on the tire as they cross the border . CUT to : 138 ext . dream border - night 138 al38 ( vsfx ) a138 as the invisible barrier suddenly shatter and explode . freddy can see maggie 's van across the border , as well as the city . freddy ( evil ) it 's travel time . * cuT to : b138 ext . dream border - night b138 J close on he foot as he step over the town line . he suddenly evaporate into a small burst of energy . CUT to : 139 int . van / ext . real border - night 139 J we can glimpse freddy 's energy fly straight through the van and into maggie 's head . she falter for a moment but be quickly back on track . the van take off . dissolve to : 140 ext . shelter parking lot - dawn 140 ss maggie and Tracy pull up in the van . cuT to : revised 11/21/90 / 86 141 int . van / ext . shelter parking lot - dawn 141 * v maggie shut the van . she and Tracy sit in silence for a * moment . they be both shell - shocked . maggie reach out to . Tracy , but Tracy shake she off . minst tracy what the fuck be we suppose to sh for say when they start ask up alt m question ? maggie ( control ) you , carlos and Spencer follow I . carlos , Spencer and John run away . T notice that maggie be diggj i . dashboard . rere maggie ( struggle to maintain control ) anything else and they will lock we both up . I need time to think . Tracy stare at she . tracy whatever happen , it be not you fault . Tracy get out of the van and head into the shelter before * maggie can reply . maggie follow . cuT to : 's 142 omit omit 142 al42 int . shelter admitting area - day : a142 barly wo maggie stand talk with Kelly , try to articulate she : ce phony story . of - maggie 5 - and then they run away ... bebe sit sob she look up , wait for a response . there 's none . Kelly have a blank look on he face . kelly ( beat , confuse ) what the hell be you talk about ? revised 11/26/90 87 al42 continued maggie ( react ) Spencer , carlos .. the John doe . they be all here yesterday ... kelly ( laugh ) you have be handle too many case maggie . we have never have that kid here , and I would have remember any new arrival . maggie ( stunne ) but you bring he to see I .. 48 hour ago ... you have to remember something . anything . maggie 's have a hard time processing the paradox . kelly I do remember something , but it be only a dream . maggie react . maggie ( nervous ) dream ? kelly yes , it be about kid , like the one you describe . do not remember they name though . anyway , it be just a dream . maggie ( weird look ) just a dream , right . she head for she office . cut to : 143 omit a143 144 145 146 a146 revised 12/5/90 88 int . maggie' office - day maggie shut herself in she office . she 's breathe hard , try to stay sane . the light bulb in the office start flickering on and off , leave she in intermittent darkness . maggie 's pale , hot tear roll down she cheek . she bite she lip to pull herself together . she draw blood . it trickle down she chin . she run a hand through she sweat soak hair and jump when see JOHN hide by the flicker light . he 's only there in the dark , when the light flicker off . when they flicker on , he 's go . JOHN ( thick , dead voice ) it 's not a boy .. the light suddenly stay on and he 's go . maggie 's a wreck . cur to : ext . shelter - day kid play in the parking lot . we move past they toward one of the shelter 's brick wall . on the wall word start to fade in , between the graffiti that 's already there . '' seven , EIGHT gonna stay up late '' . freddy 's in the air . omit omit int . doc 's office - day Tracy and Doc be talk . she 's be tell he about what 's happen . the girl be anxious and afraid , despite she tough veneer . tracy and then we get back , and no one remember carlos or John . it 's like they never exist . ( lean in ) I have be hearing strange shit . like some of the kid dream about carlos , but do not remember he . revised 12/5/90 a146 continued maggie enter . she 's point to approach it . 89 boc I remember he . tracy why ? boc I ' be in control of my dream . I can not be fool by this thing you see . maggie ( off doe 's comment ) freddy ... boc what do he look like ? tracy ( beat ) like they . the painting of the dream demon . maggie boc ( nod ) whatever he be , he 's fuck with the line between dream and reality . he do not just kill carlos and the other . he erase they . tracy ( chill ) what if we be the one that do not exist , what if all this be just .. freddy 's dream ? maggie start stare at the painting of the dream demon as Tracy 's question hang in the air . CUT to : 147 ext . STREET near shelter ~ night on a STREET near the shelter . night have fall . a dog walk across the street 's black tar surface . a single street light shine down on the dog as it make its lazy way across . ( continued ) 147 a147 revised 12/5/90 aso continued the dog start to whimper . it sense something come . the tar on the street start to smoke and hiss . it 's get hot ! the dog jump off , before it burn its paw . it run off bark . cur to : ext . STREET near shelter ~- night the chalk draw of freddy burn up into the STREET . the color bubble up and set themselves . ( continued ) Al 47 148 149 150 revised 11/26/90 90 continued on a little boy of about six watch this with wide , fascinate eye . on the STREET - the draw be complete . a exact duplication of what it look like in springwood . on the little boy - kid know . this be bad news . he run away , immediately . cur to : int . maggie 's office - night it 's later . maggie slump in she chair , look over John 's article . she put she hand over it and start cry for this boy with no name . this boy who trust she . JOHN ( v.0 . ) it 's not a boy , it 's ... she get extremely angry and sweep everything off her desk and race out of she office . cur to : ext . maggie 's mother 's house ~ night a pleasant one -story home . maggie bang on the front door , leok like death . she 's burn out , confuse , furious . there 's no answer at the door , so maggie produce a key and 's herself in . cur to : int . maggie 's mother' house ~- night maggie be ransack the apartment , furiously search for something . she tear apart the kitchen , the closet . she finally move toward the bedroom . on the bedroom as maggie find what she be look for in a closet . a file folder . she pick it up . her eye widen in disbelief . on the file it 's a adoption file . clipped to it be a photo of the little girl from all the dream . the paper state that she 's be adopt by the '' burrough family '' . ( continued ) 150 revised 11/26/90 90 continued on maggie as she step back , almost fall . mother ( 0.s. ) ( shocked ) maggie ...? maggie look up , she mother come in . she know she daughter know . mother ( cont . ) ( afraid ) do not pay any attention to that , I can explain ... maggie ( thunderstruck ) why do not you tell I ? mother there no reason to , I be you mother , you have maggie I have lie ! my whole life .. be a lie . mother nothing 's a lie if you believe I love you . maggie ( tense , already know the answer ) I want to know who they be . mother maggie , it 's not important ... maggie ( cut she off , semi-hysterical ) I have to know !!! mother ( ery ) they do not tell you .. they have rule about no contact . maggie ( almost giggle ) oh there 's be contact .. there 's be that damn dream for twenty year .. you should have tell I . ( continued ) ql mother : maggie , what be you do 2 , maggie 's T know ik , neu phe key aamethiag Mo the 's give hat . to I . listen , T can @xp lorin every hing : maggie : lt have to know who they be , mother , 2 can} tell you . T do n'4 enon who they be . there avo rale about ' no contact . ma age : oh , there 's be lonbact , mother ; ma gqie ; please fisken fy mee aqggie 's . so uve enawn all along --- the magq 2 lee of the araainy mother . step to [ king uh fhe cdeean . , +t! tin you wey the , td love you magqie 's . dl ocant talk nght now Te have to jo . mother : where be you go '' mage ? you really shouid qet some counseling T know hs be adc lot for you mother : maggie , do no ewe , please listen of I .-- nani 150 151 152 92 continued contnued 150 a thunder and a flash of lightning split the sky outside . maggie start shuffle out . aimless . lose . her mother try to put a arm on she , but maggie shake it off . maggie ( cont . ) you should have tell I . she 's go . thunder boom . CUT to : ext . CITY street - night 151 4 it 's raining . hard . maggie 's wander . she appear adrift and vacant . no mooring , no anchor . maggie be now very alone . everything familiar have be redefine as alien . as she sweep by she do not notice a nearby newspaper vend machine . she do not notice the headline on the paper either : '' nine , ten never sleep again . " be it real ? who know . the poem 's complete . freddy 's heavy in the city . CUT to : int . shelter rec room - night % bal 152 / Tracy be work out some martial art move against a swinging dummy . Doc hold it for she . oot '' on tracy - she 's not fool around . she 's precise and furious as she pump punch after punch and kick after kick into the dummy . her breathing be even and regulate . her attack grow progressively harder . she look exactly like what she be . a person get ready to fight for they life . dd '' one last savage punch puncture the dummy . stuff go . a fly . Tracy withdraw she hand with a disgust hiss . , , x boc you™ne get ready to kill someone . 7 tracy ( correct he ) tine sre defend myself . snus lm . ( continued ) 152 153 154 revised 12/5/90 93 continued boc it 's you mind he 'il go for . you fear . CUT to : int . maggie 's apartment - night she sleep , a bottle of valium near she bed . her eye jump under lid . CUT to : ext . elm STREET backyard - day maggie 's dream . on the water tower - gleaming . on the little girl - play tag with she unseen father . we hear Loretta 's 0.s. scream . the little girl turn . so do dad . on loretta come out of the cellar . her face be fear . loretta ( start to cry ) Fred ... please , I will not tell . we reveal fred krueger . Loretta 's husband . the little girl 's father . the man before the monster . no burn , but twisted nonetheless . freddy ( totally calm ) we need to talk Loretta ... ( the the girl ) go inside honey . the little girl head away from she parent and move toward the cellar door . she head down the stair lead into the basement , watch she parent 's shadow circle each other . lorretta ( sobbing ) I will not tell .. revised 11/9/90 94 154 continued continued 154 xm freddy ( 0.s. ) I believe you ... but they will not . they will not let I save you ... CUT to : 155 int . basement ~ day 155 the little girl make she way towards the stair to the house , scared by the sound and voice come from the backyard . she 's about to start climb the stair but a swinging door 's creak catch she attention . on freddy workroom - the door creak open just a bit . this be the room that be hide by the concrete wall , only here it appear new and in work order . a huge padlock on the door 's handle be open . on the little girl as she head for it . her tiny hand grab the handle and pull . she enter . cuT to : 156 int . freddy workroom - day 156 on the room - Quick cut of disturbing image . on newspaper clipping of the town 's miss child . on the workbench - a assortment of rope and handcuffs . on freddy glove with fresh blood on it . on the girl - she do not know what to make of it . a sudden , steady thudding snap she head around and she head for the door to the backyard garden . she hit they and start climb . CUT to : 157 int . neghtmare -— boteer room bap 157 * it 's maggie , not the little girl who emerge from the cellar . she 's dress in a adult size version of the little girl 's clothes , right down to the red pigtail . she 's confuse because she 's in the boiler room , not the backyard . freddy 's laugh catch she attention . curt to : revised 10/30/90 154 155 156 157 94 continued continued 154 freddy ( 0.s. ) I believe you ... but they will not . they will not let I save you ... CUT to : int . basement - day 155 the little girl make she way towards the stair to the house , scared by the sound and voice come from the backyard . she 's about to start climb the stair but a swinging door 's creak catch she attention . on freddy workroom ~ the door creak open just a bit . this be the room that be hide by the concrete wall , only here it appear new and in work order . a huge padlock on the door 's handie be open . on the little girl as she head for it . her tiny hand grab the handle and pull . she enter . CUT to : int . freddy workroom - day 156 on the room - Quick cut of disturbing image . on newspaper clipping of the town 's miss child . on the workbench - a assortment of rope and handcuffs . on freddy glove with fresh blood on it . on the girl - she do not know what to make of it . a sudden , steady thudding snap she head around and she head for the door to the backyard garden . she hit they and start climb . CUT to : ext . nightmare boiler room 157 * it 's maggie , not the little girl who emerge from the cellar . she 's dress in a adult size version of the little girl 's clothes , right down to the red pigtail . she 's confuse because * she 's in the boiler room , not the backyard . freddy 's laugh catch she attention . ee CUT to : 158 revised 11/26/90 95 int . nightmare boiler room freddy ( o.s. ) I love home movie ... maggie 's Pov as it travel the length of freddy 's body . it at last come to rest on he scorched face . this be the demon freddy . the freddy of today . a very happy freddy . freddy ( look at she ) . Katherine on maggie as she register the name he call she . she flash back . on freddy as he hold up the picture from the orphanage . the one sign '' K. krueger '' . freddy you be such a little artist . on maggie as she react . maggie no , it can not be . I know who I am. ( break up ) I know who I am !!! freddy ( drool black salivia ) you be my blood . only you could have bring I out , in you mind . maggie you can not be my father . ( continued ) 96 revised 11/21/90 158 a158 b158 c158 159 continued continued 158 freddy walk towards a steel fire door . he put he hand on it . it hiss as its heat sear freddy 's dead flesh . freddy they take you away from I . but I make they pay . I take all they child . but that 's all over now . cuT to : int . nightmare boiler room - night a158 '' v he swing the door open . Beyond it , we see the open street and the exterior of maggie 's shelter . . CUT to : int . nightmare boiler room - night b1is8 \rt freddy ( cont . ) ( look beyond the . door ) time to start all over again . maggie react . maggie but this be not springwood !!! freddy ( chill ) every town have a elm Street . hahahahaha !!! ae ccut to : int . / ext . nightmare boiler room - night c158 freddy step through the door and it immediately clang shut behind he . CUT to : [ 159 int . maggie' bedroom - night she wake up . maggie ( get up and out ) Tracy ! ccut to : revised 10/30/90 160 161 97 int . girl ' bathroom - night 160 Tracy be stare at herself in the mirror , dress for bed in she panty and t-shirt . she splashes cold water over she face . behind she , she hear one of the stall door creak open . she look at it in the mirror , not turn she head . on tracy as she lower she head to splash she face once more . when she raise it , she check out the reflection in the mirror again . there 's no stall door . in fact , there 's no stall . actually , there 's no bathroom . CUT to : int . tracy's nightmare house - night 161 what she see reflect in the mirror be part of a kitchen and a hallway in a really trashy , run down tract house . she turn around . tracy's Pov - the bathroom 's go . replaced by this house . on tracy as she turn back around . now the mirror 's go . she 's stand at a rusty kitchen sink . voice ( 0.s. ) ( drunken ) Tracy girl ... daddy 's home ... Tracy tense up . her arm immediately cross and cover she chest . tracy ( unsettle ) daddy ? you be dead ... she do not turn around . she face out the kitchen window . over she shoulder , we see a large , shambling figure in the hallway . it 's head for the kitchen . voice ( can not see its face ) I be home darlin’ ... * Tracy struggle to maintain control . over her shoulder - the figure in the background be get closer ... and clearer . it 's a huge , obese man . he 's dress ina stain t-shirt and suspender . he glisten ... it 's sweat . ( continued ) 161 162 163 revised 11/26/90 98 continued on tracy - Tracy grab a toaster sit on the counter next to the sink . she place it on a drying tablecloth and begin to wrap the toaster up in it . CUT to : ext . ghetto street - night maggie race toward the shelter . the city 's homeless seem to be stare at she , mark she . cur to : int . tracy 's S nightmare house Tracy wrap one end of the tablecloth into a hand -hold . the toaster occupy the other end . a fairly deadly sling . over her shoulder we see that the shambling thing that be she father have enter the kitchen . he start pull down he suspender . he lick he fat lip . his jowl shake with anticipation . tracy father come say hello ... on tracy - terrify . frozen . lose it . tracy ( cry ) I do not want to daddy ... on her father as he reach she . he be about to put he hand on she . father come on .. give daddy some honey ... he put he hand on she . she shudder . his breath hit she neck . father ( cont . ) no one have to know .. his hand head south . Tracy wince . ( continued ) 163 revised 11/26/90 99 continued she suddenly swing around and whap he with a chop to he fat face . she begin to knock he around the room with kick after kick and blow after blow , use the move we see she exhibit with Doc . tracy ( in between blow ) you be not my daddy .. you be not my daddy , you 're not my daddy he just keep come . and drool . father s-some h-honeyyyy ... Tracy finally grab she homemade sling and bashes she '' father '' on the head with the toaster . she swing the tablecloth again and again . tracy ( craze ) here !!! you love I now !? do you !? do you love I now !? she beat he to the ground . the tablecloth be soak with blood and matte with hair . she let it drop and breathes hard over he body . she back off . tracy ( over and over ) my daddy 's dead , he 's dead . Dead . on her father as he rise . his head be all .. dent in . the nose be break .. tooth smashed . a mess . father ( through break tooth ) no honey for daddy ..? he lift he arm , revealing freddy 's glove attach to he hand . on tracy as she react on freddy who be now stand in place of she father . unharm . ( continued ) 163 a163 100 revised 12/27/90 continued continued 163 freddy what 's with kid today ? no respect . he move towards Tracy . tracy you can not hurt I anymore ... freddy pull carlos ' ear out and wiggle it at maggie . freddy ( cruel mock ) sorry , you will have to speak up . this be my deaf ear , ha ha ha ! tracy this be my dream and I will go where I want . she try all exit only to find they seal . freddy laugh behind she . freddy it may be you dream , but it 's my rule ... hahaha !!! Tracy panic , desperate to escape . freddy slowly make he way toward she . she eye the stove top and get a idea . she turn on the two front burner and hold she arm over they . freddy look disturb . freddy careful honey . you must not hurt yourself ... that 's my job . suddenly she hear a familiar voice call for she from somewhere in the dream plane . Doc ( 0.s. ) txracy ?? where be you girl ? wake yourself up . get the hell out ! with that she thrust she arm into the burn flame and scream . her scream carry over as we CUT to : omit omit a163 + % oe of * b163 c163 164 a164 165 166 101 revised 12/27/90 omit omit b163 omit omit c163 omit omit 164 omit omit a164 int . girl ' wing - night 165 maggie come racing in as Tracy wake with a start . her arm be cover with burn . tracy Doc 's in there !!! they charge out . CUT to : int . rec room - night 166 Doc enter the rec room , still call out for Tracy . the punch bag start to creak slowly and then pick up speed so that it be swinging wildly back and forth . Doc reach carefully out to stop it . the light flicker out . Doc be scared . not something you see often . he pick up a baseball bat . traacy ( 05 . ) Doc ?? be that you ? boc yeah Tracy . where be you ? tracy ( 0.s. ) I be here . I be stick in one of the locker . help I out . Doc open the locker one by one until he come to the end of the row . he reach out for the last locker and fling it open . empty . Doc where the hell be you ? tracy ( 02 ) right here . Doc swivel around to face freddy who still talk in Tracy 's voice , {continued ) of rf + * * * * * 166 a101 revised 12/27/90 continued continued 166 ~ freddy * you teach she alot . * ( own voice ) * * but there 's so much more to learn . * freddy take a swipe at Doc who duck out of the way . Doc hammer freddy with he bat until he lay in a crumpled heap on the floor . * * that be easy . or be it ...? freddy start moaning , a moan that soon turn into a giggle as he rise to he foot before a astonished doc. freddy 's totally unharme . freddy stick and stone may break my bone ... but nothing will ever kill I . freddy start advance as Doc back up . freddy ( cont . ) let 's see ... ( he hold one finger ) they try burn I ... slice ! he chop off one of he own finger . freddy ( cont . ) ( hold up second finger ) they try bury I ... slice ! off go that finger . this be freddy 's version of count down . freddy ( cont . ) ( hold up third finger ) and here 's my favorite ... ( giggle ) ... they even try holy water ! slice ! there go the third finger . freddy ( cont . ) but I keep on tick . ( continued ) b101 revised 12/27/90 166 continued continued 166 '' yl he hold up he hand , all the finger be magically back ! freddy ( cont . ) they promise I that ... boc they ? freddy ( like he 's a talk to a idiot ) the dream people ... the one who give I this job !!! freddy get closer . freddy ( cont . ) you think you know about dream ... you know nothing . in dream , I be forever ... too bad you be not ! freddy lunge toward doc. on doc' hand as it grab a hold of freddy 's sweater . freddy pull away and a piece of he sweater tear off in Doc 's hand . on freddy as he get Doc into kill position . just as he 's about to deliver the blow , we hear a bell go off and Doc start to fade out . freddy swipe empty air with a frustrated grunt . CUT to : revised 11/13/90 167 168 169 a169 170 a170 b170 171 172 102 omit omit 167 omit omit 168 omit omit 169 omit omit a169 int . doc be office - night 170 omit omit a170 maggie and Tracy bust in . Doc be sit in he chair , shutting off the alarm on a nearby alarm clock . he look up at they . boc '' alawe clock ( flatly ) @ wg oe what ? I be not stupid you know . rrseat oper , on maggie and tracy as they react . before they can say anything , Doc hold something out in he hand . doc ( cont . ) ~ and I think we have a way to get . he . he reveal that he 's hold the tear piece of freddy 's sweater . he smile . CUT to : omit omit b170 ext . shelter - night 171 the " elm Street " street sign suddenly erupt out of the corner of the sidewalk . it sprout like a twisted , rusty weed . it ang stand bent and crooked , mark freddy 's new territory . ag 's he be right . every town do have a elm Street . cut to : int . doc be office - night 172 maggie sit with Doc and Tracy . Doc hand maggie the business * end of a bunch of electrode , which maggie affix to she forehead . they all lead back to Doc 's computer equipment . the * monitor register a jag sine wave . maggie 's plugge in . ( continued ) revised 12/19/90 172 continued boc ( hold up piece of sweater ) we can not get he in the dream , but if this can come out , he can come out . and once he 's out ... Doc rip the piece of sweater in half . doc ( cont . ) ..- he 's real . and if he 's real , he can bleed . tracy and die . Doc right . he may be " forever " in he world , but we will own he ass in ours . — maggie how will you know I have he ? Doc ( nod towards the monitor ) this will tell I when you have find he , then I be bring you out . ( beat ) you have to be ... hold onto he to carry he out ... maggie ( set ) I know ... Doc he 's go to try and trick you , just like with Tracy . maggie I can not beat he until I know what it be . he will not let I get there . 103 continued 172 ( continued ) revised 12/5/90 a103 172 continued boc you have to get there yourself . and to do it ... {he reach over and hand she the 3 - D glass ) you have to see around he . maggie look at the galss . maggie be you for real ? ( continued ) 104 revised 12/27/90 172 continued continued 172 Doc they mean nothing here , but inside the dream they can be anything you want . he will use you eye to fool you , use this to see beyond he bullshit . he get inside you head , you get inside he . maggie ( rueful smile ) that 's my job , right ? get into people 's head , they brain . Tracy put she hand on maggie . maggie react to Tracy 's uncharacteristic initiation of physical contact . tracy be careful . he 's good at find out where it hurt the most . you gotta let I go with you . maggie ( squeeze she hand ) you can not . it have to be I and he . — ~ ( to Doc ) put I in . maggie get ready . Doc take a deep breath ... watch you line and bring it level . let 's move into Alpha on my count ...one , two , three , four ... maggie begin to relax as Doc count . her eye remain open and on the sine wave as it begin to flatten out and level . Doc ( cont . ) ».-- nine , ten ... maggie 's eye begin to shut . we push in on she close lid . on the lide as they start to flutter . cuT to : 173 omit omit 173 a173 omit omit a173 b173 omit omit b173 c173 d173 revised 11/13/90 105 int . doc 's office — dream on maggie as she eye open . she 's no longer connect to the computer . in fact , there 's no computer . and no doc. and no Tracy . maggie 's alone . she slowly stand up and look around the office . this be hardly freddy 's brain . she catch sight of the painting of the dream demon . she stare at it . there 's something about it this time . it seem to more real . she remember Doc 's word . she look down at the 3 - D glass and start to bring they to she face . she stop halfway up and look directly into the camera . maggie now . she put the galss on . as she do , they magically dissolve into she face in a sprinkle of light . her eye glow for a moment . cur to : int . doc 's office - dream ( begin 3 - D ) maggie 's Pov of the office . she look at the painting of the dream demon . on the painting - it now have the add dimension of depth . maggie approach it . it look like a hologram . maggie and get inside he brain . she literally start to look around the surface of the painting , and she head disappear into the canvas . she find that the back of the painting be a live pathway into preddy 's brain ! maggie his brain .. maggie dive into the painting . maggie' Pov ~ we soar towards freddy 's brain at the speed of SOUND . cur to : 106 revised 11/26/90 174 ( '' omit * younr 174 ty 175 int . freddy brain é 175 maggie be a blur of light as she be literally injected into ef freddy 's brain tissue . the inside of he skull be fill with bizarre , float shadow . they surround maggie as she fall g through . cut to : 176 '' omit omit 176 a 176 int . nightmare boiler room a 176 freddy grip he head in pain . we move in towards freddy 's face as he scream . freddy get outta my head !!! cuT to : 177 . ' omit 177 * al77 omit omit a177 b177 ( '' omit omit b177 c177 omit omit c177 d177 int . electrical hallway d177 maggie find herself in a surreal , almost industrial hallway with several metal door lining its wall and one at the far end . there be pipe and conduit hang down , and crackling arc of electricity shoot between the pipe and the metal door . maggy be basically stick in freddy 's version of a synapse in he brain . maggie duck the dangerous electricity , unable to put she hand on any of the door . each time she go for one , the electricity get there first and zap ! she duck the electricity but it back she towards the door at the end of the hall . she 's trap there , with the advance " lightning " come closer and closer . ( continued ) d177 e177 f177 178 a178 b178 revised 12/6/90 107 continued continued d177 think frantically , she suddenly take a look at the belt around she waist . she notice its metal buckle . she frantically whip she belt off and start swinging it around . the metal buckle successfully grab the eletricity 's attention . int . nightmare boiler room e177 tight on freddy as he head pulse with blue flicker . we hear electricity crackle , thanks to maggie 's handiwork . int . electrical hallway f177 maggie hurl the belt across the hallway and the electricity follow . she use the opportunity to grab the door behind she and fling - herself through , just 'as the hallway short circuit ! omit - omit 178 omit omit a178 int . classroom - day b178 after a brilliant flash of light , maggie find herself in the back of a grade school classroom . the window be cover , the room be dim . we reveal eight year - old boy freddy up at front , bent over a gerbil cage . on the blackboard behind he we see " I will not torture SMALL animal " write in chalk , hundred of time . Boy freddy gingerly take the gerbil out of its cage . a cute picture of a child and a furry animal . but Boy freddy 's get a weird smile on he face . he place the gerbil on the floor and suddenly bring up a large hammer and slam it down on the gerbil ( 0.s. ) we hear the squeal and squish of the small creature . he 's have so much fun he do not notice the group of teasing kid who come up behind he . they hate little freddy . kide ( sing -song ) Son of a hundred maniac , son of a hundred maniac , etc . on maggie as she realize where she be . ( continued } ee of hk a oo b178 c178 108 revised 12/6/90 continued continued b178 maggie ( to herself ) I be in he memory . on boy freddy as he turn to face he tormentor . boy freddy subjective Pov of the kid . they be not kid anymore , but a group of rabid , drool old maniac . they fight over each other to get to the boy , dirty and scabby arm reach out to we ! this be the kid through Boy freddy 's eye . on boy freddy ( normal Pov ) as he lunge forward ( at we ) and bite down on one of the kid 's nose ! on maggie as she back through the door . as she do , there 's another flash of light . cuT to : int . elm STREET house basement - night c178 a the flash of light die down and maggie find herself emerge through a rear door . she look up and we reveal teen freddy in front of the room giggling to himself . he 's slice shallow but bloody cut into he expose mid-section with a straight-razor . he 's get a high from the pain . we hear he - step - father' voice as the man come down the stair . brutal and dangerous , he 's child - abuse personify . he hold a bottle of whiskey in one hand , and a mean look leather belt in the other . step-father you be a waste since the day I take you in ... it 's time to take you medicine . he snap the belt . Teen freddy turn around , gleefully . beam . teen freddy subjective Pov of he step -father . the step - * father be now a kindly old man . this be how Teen freddy see he step -father . the basement be obscure by a heavenly light . step -dad / Old man raise he arm , as if to bless young freddy . * ( continued ) ee rok ee re c178 d178 109 revised 12/6/90 continued continued c178 normal step -father ( normal Pov ) raise he arm , the one with the belt . he bring the belt down on Teen freddy 's body . he continue beat freddy with the belt , get frustrated that he effort be only elicite giggle . teen freddy ( giggle ) thank you sir , may I have another ? step -father become enraged , but Teen freddy suddenly stop the next blow in mid-sw , catch it in a iron grip . he pull he step - father in close . teen freddy want to know the secret of pain ? if you stop feel it ... you can start use it . Teen freddy suddenly attack he father with the straight razor . step -father' Pov as the razor come straight at he ( and we ! ) on maggie as she wince and turn away . we hear the step - father 's scream as she back up into another flash of light . int./ ext . freddy shack - night d178 extreme close - up of a window Dark and dirty . we hear muffled voice and see shadow scurry past on the outside . voice ( 0.s. ) he 's in there ... spread the damn gas ... court should of take care of this ... smash ! a texaco cocktail come crashing through the window . flame erupt . tight on adult freddy sleep on a cot , he jump up as he go up in flame . ( continued ) d178 e178 f178 a109 revised 12/19/90 continued continued d178 adult freddy subjective Pov ( through FIRE ) as we actually see what it look like to see yourself on fire from the inside ! frenzied movement , flame arm flail in front of we . we catch a glimpse of the burn freddy reflect in a metallic surface . then weird shit start to happen . freddy 's scream die down and thing start form in the flame . take shape . we finally see three form emerge . they look like the dream demon in Doc 's painting . they swirl around the burn freddy . dream demon ( old , but strong ) we know what you want .... freddy I want they all !!!! dream demon then open up , and you shall be .-- forever ! on the demon ( normal Pov ) as they blast into burn freddy , cause the final flash of light ! omit e178 int . electrical hallway f178 maggie find herself back in the hallway . all the electricity have short out . maggie realize she have just come through one of the hallway 's door , it hang slightly open . she look at the other door and notice that they all hang open as well . she realize she go through each of this to get to freddy 's memory . there be .no more door to try . maggie ( frustrated ) where 's my dream ? ( continued ) f178 179 a179 180 a180 b180 110 revised 11/26/90 continued continued f178 she stop and look down , frustrated . that 's when she notice the pattern on the floor . maggie' Pov of the floor . from one angle , it look totally flat , but when maggie move , add depth appear and she see that part of that pattern be actually another door ! on maggie as she react . she know she 's find something , and apparently so do freddy . at that moment , maggie hear the electricity start up again . it strike out and start for she . maggie ( reach for door ) what do not you want I to see ?! she fling the door open and drop through it right before the arc of energy can fry she on the spot ! they strike the empty floor instead . CuT to : int . elm STREET house basement - night 179 maggie find herself on she familiar dream turf , about to witness the miss piece of she puzzle . the end to she recur dream . she look about and see herself as little alexandra . the girl be reacting to the offscreen thudding she hear . she start for the cellar door , and go through they . CUT to : omit omit a179 omit omit 180 omit omit a180 ext . backyard - day b180 the little girl emerge from the cellar and quickly locate the source of the thudding . the pre-burn freddy be bashing Loretta 's brain out against the side of the house . she 's already quite dead . ( continued ) * + * / 141 revised 11/26/90 b180 continued continued b180 little girl ( afraid ) mommy ....? pre-burn freddy turn to he daughter . he drop Loretta . she slide to the ground . pre -burn freddy do not worry baby , mommy have to take she medicine , for snooping on daddy 's special work . ( approach she ) but you will not tell , will you ? little girl ( cry ) I will not tell ... smash CUT to : 181 omit omit 181 182 int . nightmare boiler room 182 J maggie 's not aware of where she be , still in shock over what she 's just see . freddy 's voice snap she out of it . freddy ( 0.s. ) but you do tell ... do not you ? maggie turn and face freddy . freddy ( cont . ) now it 's time to take you medicine ... maggie you kill my mother ... freddy ( giggle ) she 's down here ... wait for you . freddy advance , but maggie grab a piece of heavy pipe . maggie you kill my mohter !!! ( continued ) 112 revised 12/6/90 182 continued continued 182 she ram he and bash he with the pipe . a heavy blow that break open he cheek . she 's horrify to see that it 's not blood come out of the wound , but dozen of small tentacles * that buzz and jab out at we ! freddy laugh . maggie be repulse but grab a hold of he anyway . smash CUT to : a182 omit omit a182 so b182 b182 int . doc be office - night back in reality , the wave on Doc 's monitor go crazy . tracy ( anxious ) she 's get he ! boc ( move to maggie ) let 's get she out ! 183 omit omit 183 a183 int . nightmare boiler room a183 maggie and freddy start to fade away . freddy get a sense of what 's happen to he . he do not like it . freddy ( scream ) noooo0000 ! 1 !!! CUT to : 184 omit omit 184 alg4 omit omit a184 J b1lg4 int . doc' office - night b184 Doc wake maggie up . she come out of it violently and they all look about the room , ready for attack from any direction . there be none . tracy ( beat ) where the hell be he ? maggie I have he . ( continued ) a112 revised 11/26/90 b184 continued continued b184 tracy maybe the trip kill he ? maggie ( hand to she eye ) no ... I be still see thing he way , like in the dream . ( realize ) he 's still alive ... it 's not over . ( continued ) + of b184 185 a185 b185 c185 113 revised 12/6/90 continued continued b184 they all look at each other . no one 's comfortable with that possibilty . omit omit 185 omit omit a185 omit omit b185 int . shelter basement - night c1s5 a dark , cluttere expanse . maggie stand before a room with a iron gate door . she 's unlock it . Doc and Tracy stand behind she . maggie 's move with grim determination and speed . doc he 's probably not even here . maggie ( not stop ) I will feel better after we check it out . she unlock the gate and they enter the room . we reveal that it 's the room where Kelly keep all the weapon they confiscate off the kid . the shelf be line with gang weapon , mostly martial art stuff . boc ( look around ) I can not believe what we take off this kid . phe -eop — be — suppose — te-pick-att+his-—up- maggie move off into the room . maggie kit be glad they -didalt . we be go to need to hit he with something . tracy ( smile ) hey ! Doc turn to she . she hold up she switchblade . wow look -at Hu tracy ( cont . ) I - fetrdmy knife . maggie ( 0.s. ) it 's too small . they turn and react as they see maqgie . b anwmreteeant / c185 d185 114 revised 1/9/94 continued continued c185 on maggie she 's outfit herself with a baseball bat turn mace ( it have nail stick into its business end ) in one hand and a huge knife in the other , the kind with the brass knuckle handle . tracy ( look at she knife ) I guess so ... she start load up on some other street weapon , like some ninja " star " . Doc notice that maggie have already start to move out . boc you really think he 's here ? maggie he 's here . I can feel it . she move out . they follow and everyone split up . cuT to : int . shelter basement ~- night d185 on maggie as she move through the basement . she hear breathing and follow the sound around some crate . there she find freddy , slump down against some box . only it be pre ~ burn freddy , all too human and bleed from the face wound maggie give he in the boiler room . he touch the wound and stare at the blood on he hand . maggie you be real here ... pre- burn freddy spit blood out at we , shocked that he 's bleed . he look up at maggie , appear about as evil as Saint Peter . he 's go for sympathy , try a different tack . pre -burn freddy but it 's not my fault ... maggie stare at he , stop for a moment . pre -burn freddy ( cont . ) you see what they do to I ... when iwas a kid . ( continued ) ee rf eee of : d185 all4 revised 1/9/91 continued continued d185 maggie seem to be think . be she buy this ? we hope not , because we move behind pre - burn freddy and reveal he eager glove behind he back , wait to strike . pre -burn freddy ( cont . ) I love you ... and you mother , I try to be good . we move behind maggie and reveal that she 's hold the bat behind she back , ready to swing . she 's not buy freddy 's sob story , not for a second . she start move closer towards freddy . he smile . maggie ( play possum ) I know daddy ... freddy 's practically lick he chop as he start to rise up off the floor . pre -burn freddy I know you would believe I ... maggie tighten she grip on the bat . pre -burn freddy ( cont . ) come to daddy ... she move forward as he stand , suddenly stronger he reveal the glove . she wing with she bat and they connect . the glove go fly . it go fly off freddy 's hand , hit the ground , and SPARKS to a stop . maggie quickly go to grab it and when she turn around to face freddy , he 's go . Doc and Tracy , have heard the noise , call out to her . Doc ( 0.s. ) maggie ! maggie ( call out ) over here ! I be okay ! she start walk towards they , wary of freddy 's possible position . ( continued ) + oof * * * + oro d185 b114 revised 1/9/91 continued continued d185 unseen by maggie , freddy walk behind a column and as he come around the other side of it we reveal he as burned freddy . freddy smile to camera . they continue to walk back toward the gated area , we reveal freddy crawl along on the ceiling above they . Silent and smooth . he wait as maggie step into the gated area . Doc and Tracy stand just outside it . maggie he 's hurt , dangerous ... very dangerous . freddy suddenly reach down and slam the gate shut on maggie , lock Doc and Tracy out of the action . freddy , however , be inside with maggie . freddy drop down in front of she as Doc and Tracy rattle the gate . Tracy start to go to work on the lock . boc where be the key ? tracy I do not know . the locks» rusted . on freddy and maggie freddy give daddy back he glove princess . maggie do not have much room to back up . on tracy as she give up on the lock . she get a idea and run off . boc ( call after she ) where be you go !? CUT to : + oo re + % oe revised 1/9/91 c114 e185 int . shelter basement ~ weapon room ~- night e185 on tracy frantically search the stack of shelf in the * weapon room . her eye suddenly light up . she finally come across what she want . Spencer 's homemade pipe bomb ! cut to : f185 int . shelter basement - gate area ~ night f185 * on maggie and freddy * freddy be weak , bleed from he wound , but still * menace . * freddy they take you away from I , but we can * be together now ... * on doc - frantic. boc maggie ! stay away from he ! * on maggie as she steel herself against the advance freddy . ~ * freddy give daddy back he glove , so we can * be together ... I can fix it so you can * live forever ... * maggie ( with hate ) : * like you ? * freddy better than I . I will show you how ... * freddy lunge for the glove but maggie surprise he by * whapping he with it , hard . * maggie ( freak out ) like you show my mother !? * ( punch ! ) and carlos !? * ( punch ! ) and Spencer !? * freddy block she last punch and smack she back towards * the rear of the room . * 114 revised 12/6/90 c185 continued continued c185 on maggie she 's outfit herself with two huge knife in each hand , the kind with the brass knuckle handle . tracy ( look at she knife ) yeah ... she start load up on some other street weapon , like some ninja " star " . Doc pick up a crude baseball bat turn mace , with nail stick out its end . pec he 's 2 maggie i- kmaw he 's here . som fal sb , she move out . they follow . d185 int . shelter basement - night d185 as maggie move out , we tilt up and reveal freddy crawl above she on the ceiling like a giant spider ! before Doc and Tracy can follow maggie out , freddy reach down and slam the gate of the weapon room shut right in Doc 's face . they be lock in , and maggie 's outside , alone with freddy . she turn and move to let they out but freddy drop down in _ — front of she and block the door . he smack the key out of she \| / yti hand and they go fly . Doc and Tracy rattle the gate . maggie face freddy and notice that the wound on he cheek be now drip real blood . maggie ( smile ) you be real here ... no more trick . on a drop of he blood as freddy spit it out , shocked that he 's bleed . on maggie as she look at he blood . maggie ( cont . ) you can bleed ... which mean you can die . . freddy snarl , he know she 's right . he come at she . boc maggie ! ( continued ) d185 a114 revised 11/26/90 continued continued d185 before freddy can reach she Doc toss maggie the bat with the nail in it through the gate 's bar . maggie catch it and swing it at freddy just in time to whack he ! she hit he on the glove , and it go fly off he hand . freddy react and take off after it . he disappear around some crate . maggie pursue but when she turn the corner , he 's go . the glove however , be on the floor . she pick it up . on doc - anxious . Doc maggie ! maggie ( 0.s. ) I be okay . Doc notice that Tracy have begin to try and pick the lock . on maggie - she explore the basement , hold the glove . she start to circle back toward the weapon room , - but do not quite make it . freddy leap out of the darkness and tackle she . freddy give daddy back he glove princess , " father know best ! " on tracy as she see they grapple into view . she give up on the lock . tracy ( frustrated ) it will not open !!! she see that maggie be lose . she flick open she knife and throw it through the bar ! on freddy chuck ! the knife catch he right below the neck . it throw he off guard enough for she to belt he twice with the brass knuckle and then give he both end of she . knife right in he mid-section . freddy double over and move off . maggie follow . on tracy look around . tracy there 's gotta be something bigger in here . ( continued ) ho * * * + ek of * d185 e185 f185 b1l14 revised 12/6/90 continued continued d185 on maggie - she find freddy . he 's slump down in a corner , against some box . we reveal that it 's pre - burn freddy , cut full of hole and bleed . pre -burn freddy it 's not my fault ... maggie stare at he . she hold he glove in she hand . pre - burn freddy ( cont . ) } you see what they do to I ... when I as a kid . I have a few really bad day , it could happen to anybody . maggie just stare at he . pre -burn freddy ( cont . ) I love you ... and you mother , I try to be good . maggie I know . on doc think that she may be buy this . doc maggie !!! do not let he fool you ! cuT to : int . shelter basement - weapon room - night e185 on tracy search the stack of shelf in the weapon room . her eye suddenly light up . she finally come across what she want . Spencer 's homemade pipe bomb ! CUT to : int . shelter basement - night f185 on maggie and pre - burn freddy freddy look about as evil as Saint Peter . he 's actually cry . pre -burn freddy they take you away from I ... it be not right . ( continued ) c1l4 revised 11/26/90 f185 continued continued f185 maggie I know daddy ... on doc - frantic . Doc maggie ! on maggie pre -burn freddy we be all we have leave ... I be you blood . give daddy back he glove , so we can be together . I will take good care of you . maggie ( beat ) really ? freddy smile , as he start to get up . Doc 's scream in the background . boc maggie , do not ! freddy get up , lick he lip and smile . he think maggie * buy it . he practically lunge for the glove but maggie surprise he by whapping he with it , hard ! she do not buy * any of it ! maggie ( freak out ) like you take care of my mother !? punch ! maggie ( cont . ) or carlos !? punch ! maggie ( cont . ) or Spencer !? punch ! freddy be now back to he burn self , he be only play possum . he block she last punch and smack she back toward the weapon room . * ( continued ) f185 186 a186 187 a187 b187 c187 revised 11/26/90 dil4 continued a ' continued f185 on tracy as she whip out a lighter and light up the pipe - bomb . on maggie as freddy advance . freddy you need a good spanking ... tracy maggie ! maggie turn and Tracy toss she the pipe-bomb ! maggie stick it in the glove . she turn around just in time to see freddy come in for the kill . she reach out and plunge the glove with the bomb deep into freddy 's chest . he go down . maggie happy Father 's Day ! freddy sink to the floor , blood gurgle from he mouth . maggie find the key to the weapon room and let Doc and Tracy out . they head for the stair . omit omit 186 omit omit a186 omit omit 187 omit omit a187 ' int . shelter hallway - night plaka b187 Doc , maggie and Tracy charge up and out of the stair . int . shelter basement - night c187 freddy be try to pull the glove out . too late . preddy ( grumble ) kid . boom !!! freddy blows up into hundred of char piece . as he do so , he pure , evil essence rise out of he wreck vessel of a body . it look at first like a etheral freddy but soon break into three smaller demon . we realize that this be the live version of the painting in Doc 's office . they swirl around before fly straight into the camera . cur to : + % + eee * * e114 revised 12/19/90 188 omit omit 188 a188 int . shelter hallway - night a188 everyone hear the explosion . * on maggie as she shudder . the 3 - D glass magically dissolve out of she head and clatter to the floor . Doc pick they up . * * Kelly and some of the kid emerge into the hallway . — kelly what the hell 's go on !? Doc ( to Kelly , to get rid * of he ) sound like a boiler blow in the * basement . Kelly race for the step , the kid follow . Doc look at maggie . maggie ( beat ) freddy 's dead ... CUT to : deb 189 ext . STREET - night 189 the chalk draw of freddy disappear . dissolve : 190 191 192 193 revised 11/26/90 115 ext . SMALL town - day aerial on a SMALL town establish . could be anywhere . it look like springwood , with one difference . it have kid . play everywhere . happy . carefree . ripe . ext . house - day move in on the roof of one house in particular . we hear shout go on . int . kitchen — day one poor teenage kid be not outside play . not outside get he first kiss . pop he first zit . he 's in here , get the crap beat out of he by he large and derange mother . she wield a leather belt . mother ( between smack ) get in there and take you medicine ! it will teach you to kill you pet ! she shove he into a small broom closet . cur to : int . closet - day dark. cramped . the kid can barely fit . movie in on he face . derange . the damage have be do . he hear a whisper . the whisper of the dream demon . another child have be choose . fade to black