fade in : int . alice be - night - extremely close on a move wall of muscle skin , tinged blue by moonlight . four claw - like scratch be rake across this landscape in bright red . throaty , guttural moan drift up from somewhere . be we in heaven ? or hell . tight shot on a delicate hand caress a muscle bishop . a woman 's leg entwine around a man' . a cascade of red hair fall across a unshaven cheek . two face press tightly together in a kiss . the face belong to alice and dan , and as they moan build to a crescendo we realize it be not pain we be hearing but the opposite . afterwards ... alice' hand gently rove Dan 's back , tenderly caress the scratch they have just make . close on alice she relaxed , happy face gaze up from the pillow . she turn and smile at Dan . Dan sleepily smile back , then gently reach out to caress she shoulder . they eye hold for a moment . Alice lean over and kiss he . alice I be go to take a shower . Dan nod and close he eye , still smile . Alice climb from bed . follow her . int . alice' bathroom - night - on shower drain Water pour down into the drain from the shower . tight on Alice 's head and shoulder as she step into frame and stand under the cascade water . in the shower the hot water stream down onto Alice 's face . she scrub herself clean . the water beat down on she shoulder and back . she rinse she hair . shake she wet head . the drain give a odd gurgle , like something have back up the plumbing . alice glance down . nothing . turn back the jet of water . the pressure build up a little . she turn it down . the drain the gurgle again . the water start to back up , rise around Alice 's foot . alice' Pov she notice . leans down , perturb , as the water reach she ankle and try to clear the drain . no success . the water continue to back up . alice oh great . the drain monster strike again . alice stand back up now , a little apprehensive . as the water rise to she knee , the pressure from the shower jet suddenly double ! gallon of water now blast into the shower . Alice try to turn it off but the handle come off in she hand ! she try to open the shower door . it won't budge ! she 's trap and now the water be climb to she neck ! frantic , Alice pound on the glass ! the shower completely full . Alice stand inside , completely under water , slamm she fist against the door , in desperation . suddenly ... int . corridor of door - night the door open . but it be no longer Alice 's glass shower door . it 's one of the heavy door in the asylum . as it open toward camera , Alice stumble out of the static wall of water into a dark room . the door close behind she and melt into the wall . Alice look around . she be in a dark empty corridor . two door flank both end of the hallway . one open . Alice try to peer beyond it . darkness . slowly , she get to she foot and step through it ... another door further on , open , beckone she forward . and another door beyond that . and another . cautiously , Alice move down this corridor of invitation until ... int . asylum - tight on alice as she step through the last door . shadows and light play across she face . she look around . what she see send fear into she eye . this be where amanda krueger be rape . the asylum . pull back slowly down the length of this nightmarish room . finger of light stab up from crusting floor grate and reach through the thick , murky air toward a dark cathedral ceiling , who 's beam appear to be make from the bone of some unearthly creature . camera continue back revealing bed and mattress crowded along the wall . Old . filthy . some tear to piece . we can make out the figure of man lie in they . and other milling around . this be amanda' hundre maniac . all dress in the garb of 1940' mental patient . some pace aimlessly . devoid of sanity and purpose . other sit , lose in they own private hell . no one have notice Alice . yet . at the end of the room ... camera crane up , continuing back revealing a staircase that lead to a huge iron door . two orderlies hover on the landing before it , gaze into the dim scene below . one of they poke he finger into the dark , silently count . the other be eager to go . orderly # 1 come on , will ya . orderly # 2 shut up , you will make I lose count ... eighty - two , eighty - three ... alice look down at herself . now she be dress in a old fashioned nurse 's uniform . White and starch . there be a name tag over she leave breast . it read : amanda krueger . Alice barely have time to react when she hear the first orderly impatiently say ... orderly # 1 Close enough . let 's call it a hundred and call it a day . we hear the SOUND of rusty hinges as the heavy door start to swing close . Alice look up . start move toward it . alice no ... wait ! on the door as it slam close with a resounding clang . we hear the SOUND of heavy bolt be throw in place . alice whirl around . whip pan with she as she discover that the door she come through be no longer there . she turn back to the room , frighten . start move for the bolt steel door at the far end . as she hurry forward , the maniac notice she . all head turn . horrible face peer at she from everywhere . some of the man move toward the center of the room , block she way . Alice stop . there be no way past they to the door . she turn . the maniac move in on she from all direction . alice' Pov freddy 's hundred father . a drool , macabre parade of human being . hand grope toward she . hideous face leer . alice watch , terrify . alice' Pov this be look less like a insane asylum in the 1940' and more like a nightmare scene of London 's 16th century bedlam ! the maniac converge on she . one push he way through the other . ( we recognize he as Robert englund , san freddy make - up . ) as he reach toward she ... high shot , looking down as camera begin to descend , push in , move closer , the maniac surround she . as they begin to drag she down , Alice turn she face up toward camera . push in extremely close as she scream ! match CUT to : int . alice' bedroom - early morning Alice lunge up from bed into frame . scream . Dan immediately sit up beside she , concerned . a hand rest on she shoulder , between they . Alice realize where she be . alice Jesus ... camera track around until Alice 's profile block Dan 's face . the follow line begin off screen , during the camera track . voice ( o.s. ) what 's the matter hon ? bad dream ? suddenly englund 's leer face push into foreground frame , beside Alice . it 's he hand on she shoulder and we realize that he speak the line , not Dan . she turn , startle , then scream . englund roll on top of she , pin she to the mattress . close on englund grin down at she , he tongue snake out he mouth . englund there 's no such thing as safe sex . alice push he away with every ounce of she strength . she start to sit up ... int . alice be - early morning Alice sit up , terrify ! look around in panic . realize she 's alone in bed . where 's Dan ? she reflexively glance toward she open bedroom window . its curtain gently billow with the morning breeze . Dan have go home . Alice try to collect herself . the dream be over . but we can tell by she face that she be far from all right . she pull on a robe and shakily climb from bed . int . alice' bathroom - early morning Alice move toward the shower . pause before it . take a breath and open the door . look inside . normal enough . turn on the water . watch apprehensively as it pour serenely down the drain . she would really rather not , but Alice reluctantly start to remove she robe ... dan ( o.s. ) ...we stand naked and defenseless before a ever more unimaginable horror slow dissolve to : ext . springwood high - day close on spray of water from a large fountain pan down from the water to a statue in the fountain 's center . and from the statue down to Dan , dress in a graduation cap and gown . he 's perch on the statue 's pedestal , he arm drape irreverently across the stone man 's shoulder , grin as he speak . dan ... college . High school be only the beginning for some of we . do not forget : s.a.t. stand for sadistic , anti-human , torture . wider laughter from a sea of fellow graduate who be gather round the base of the fountain , outnumber by they less amused parent . Beyond they , we glimpse even more cap and gowns milling with rove band of adult . dan ( cont would ) most of we have just this one summer to live ... and by live I mean ... paaarty ! the kid send up a cheer as Dan throw he cap into the air and leap off the fountain . he float down through a seas of ascending cap , disappear into the crown of student . pan over to greta and her mother stand at the edge of the group . greta be live proof of what God can create when he 's have a good day . she 's beautiful . and fashion model - thin . her only flaw might be the hint of neurosis in she perfection . her mother , racine gibson , a once beautiful woman now expand into middle age , raise a disapprove eyebrow toward Dan and the boisterous kid around they . racine gibson how colorful . who be he ? greta Dan Jordan . Captain of we football team . racine gibson ( with distaste ) charm ... angle on greta a head taller than everyone around she as she suddenly squeal with delight , recognize ... greta Alice ! yvonne ! through the swirl crowd we see Alice stand with yvonne , a very ground black girl . her father stand with they . Alice be a little glum , but yvonne break into a wide grin as they both turn toward greta . yvonne hey , girl ! yvonne give Alice a little tug and they hurry toward greta . the three girl yvonne and greta throw they arm around one another and send up shrill noise of girlish delight . then yvonne break into the girl rap . yvonne ( cont would ) I be the y , the v-o-n-n-e , and wherever I be , that 's the place to be . all three yvonne ! Alice be not get into the spirit of thing . yvonne try to inject a little enthusiasm into she . yvonne ( to Alice ) c'mon , honey ! Alice join in , try to be cheerful . alice I be the a-l-i -c -e . blond hair on my head , blue eye to see . all three greta ! great the g-r-e-t-a and my mom say I will be in magazine one day ! all three we be the three together , and together we will be . the y , the a , do not forget the G ! the all three put they hand together in a overhead slap . greta and yvonne break into laughter . Alice halfheartedly join they , about a step behind they good spirit . yvonne ( to Alice , good naturedly ) hey , what 's wrong with you -- let 's see a smile . alice have kind of a long night . yvonne ( grin knowingly ) Dan keep you up again ? put a lock on that window , girl . alice ( smile ) no , the Dan part be nice ... greta playfully tug at she gown , interrupt they . greta this thing be wild ... ( strike pose ) what do you think ? yvonne make you look like a nun -- alice ( try to cheer up ) yeah - kick the habit ! break that vow ! they laugh . greta feign hormonal desperation . greta find I a man ! MARK , good-look , though considerably off - the-wall , step into shot hold a SMALL sketchpad and a large , excessive lollipop . he speak to she as though he be a fashion photographer . MARK no , it 's all wrong . sell it ! more tooth and raise the arm a bit . greta drop the pose and address the heaven . greta ( sarcastically ) maybe I should spell it for you . alice ( playfully ) maybe God 's try to tell you something . Mark smile at greta , as he put away he sketchbook . they be old friend and this be a familiar game . MARK yeah , when be you gonna come to you sense ? greta next life . oh , what 's that ? MARK my undy love . have some . yvonne and Alice laugh . alice give up , Mark , it 's hopeless . MARK ( with a grin ) I think I be start to wear she down . ( to greta ) have some anyway . greta ( aghast ) that must never pass this lip . racine gibson greta , that 's not what a cover girl put in she body . past she shoulder , greta indicate Mrs. Gibson , glaring disapprovingly . Mark get conspiratorial . MARK meet I later . milkshakes . cherry pie . banana split . and no mom ! greta pimple , heartburn , cellulite ... and no modeling career . alice not to mention the heartbreak of psoriasis . all laugh . MARK greta , come on . one burger with I ? greta one with you and I be off to comic book land . we be high school graduate now . time to grow up . dismiss he sketchbook . greta ( cont would ) and speak of grown-ups ... daddy 's here , superhero . all turn as Mark 's father , mr. grey , approach . Mr. grey step into shot . a rugge , blue collar type , he glance at the girl then at Mark . his hearty cheerfulness contain a note of reproach . mr. grey hey rembrandt !. no wonder I could not find you . I think you would be hang out with the guy . Mark become uncomfortable in this big man 's presence . MARK oh , hi , dad . I think the guy could hang out with themselves . they offer up a trio of hellos . Alice turn to Mark . alice do you bring you sketchbook to the ceremony . I would love to see what you do to d.w. mr. grey who ? greta d.w. yate . the principal . he look to Mark , who go sheepish , then fess up . MARK uh , dickweed , sir . Mark 's dad be not too amused . mr. grey uh huh ... I hope you have time to finish that cross-section I ask for . MARK can we get into that later , dad ? there be a awkward beat as everyone fall quiet . alice good to see you again , Mr. grey . ( beg off ) I have get to go find Dan . yvonne yeah , before they revoke he diploma . as Alice turn away , the cheerful face she put on dissolves and we see that underneath she 's still on the edge . follow alice through the crowd . suddenly , a dark shape loom up behind she , lift she in a bear hug . Alice jump , startle . as the big arm twirl she around she come face to face with Dan . he smile . dan hi , beautiful . alice Jesus ! do not do that ! dan sorry , babe . he set she down , he feeling hurt . Alice recover . alice I too . give I a kiss . he plant one on she lip . then ... dan get a present for you . he reach into a pocket beneath he gown . grin as he hand she two airplane ticket tie with a ribbon . she try to be enthusiastic , but do not come off . alice the ticket . dan they be coach seat , but the plane land in Paris . it 's gonna be a helluva summer , hon ! alice I know . Dan 's well - acquainted with Alice 's mood . he turn to she with a lover 's require patience . dan okay , babe . what 's the matter ? alice nothing ... it 's just ... I do not see my father at the ceremony . dan he will show up . c'mon , what 's really wrong ? Alice hesitates . alice I have one of that dream last night . Dan 's face grow concerned . dan about he ? alice no . well , not exactly ... it 's that ... I feel like I be not in control . for the first time since ... all that . I be scared . Dan give she a reassure hug . dan you stop it do not you ? it be probably just a regular bad dream . alice yeah ... I guess . dan you do not dream he up , he can not hurt you . or I . or us. remember ... alice you be right . dan there you go . ( beat ) Love you . alice I too . suddenly , mr. jordan , Dan 's robust middle - age father , approach through the crowd , excited . mr. jordan Dan , this be coach ostrow ... Dan 's father drag a gruff - look , crew-cutte man into shot . Dan 's mother bring up the rear . mr. jordan ( cont would ) ( conspiratorially to Dan ) he 's interview this week . ( to coach ) coach , you be look at the stat 's finest quarterback . you know what they say = this boy feel the need for speed . ostrow so I have hear . dan dad , summer 's just start -- Mr. Jordan start to lead Dan away . mr. jordan we be talk about you future . Mrs. Jordan shoot a less than friendly look at Alice . mrs . jordan Excuse we , dear . alice it 's okay , Dan Dan and he parent move away with the coach . Alice stare after they as they disappear into the crowd . turn away ... at the fountain a wall of people move away and Alice find herself among yvonne , greta and Mark again . Mark be answer greta . MARK that club suck , they card everybody . let 's just party at you place . greta you know my mother -- get real . what about Alice 's ? Alice shake she head . alice my dad 's get this thing about drink in the house . MARK well we gotta do something ! yvonne share a amused look with Alice , then step in take control . yvonne all right kid , I tell you what we be gonna do . I have get swim practice until six - thirty today ... greta ( try to follow ) yeah ... yvonne that mean they be gonna give I the key to the pool so I can lock up when I be do . Mark 's face light up . he go off like a joy bomb . MARK Pool party ! I dig it ! babe in wet T - shirt . no -- topless ! Fucking heaven ! the three girl look at each other , annoyed . then break out in mischievous grin . alice the y , the a ... greta & yvonne do not forget the G ! on cue , the girl all give Mark a shove ! he fall back , arm flail , and land on he ass in the middle of the fountain ! everyone nearby laugh . Mark look up at the girl , innocent . MARK what would I say ? the girl help pull a chagrine Mark from the fountain . suddenly , Alice frown , remember something . alice oh , damn ! I have to work tonight . greta tell Dan to bring you after . ( to Mark ) c'mon , let 's get you mop up . mr. grey Mark ! picture time . come get immortalize . Parents and brat . all groan . racine gibson ( call ) greta ! photo opportunity , dear ! greta damn . they catch I , too . guess I would better go gnash my thousand - dollar tooth for the paparazzi . Alice glance at she watch . look around for someone . can not find he . she look a little more unhappy . as Mark , greta , and yvonne prepare to go ... alice you guy go ahead . I will catch up with you later . near the tree Alice trudge along , stare at the ground , unhappy . alice ( cont would ) ( to herself ) congratulation , Alice . you look beautiful up there . I be so proud of you ...gee , thanks dad . voice ( o.s. ) you do look beautiful . Alice look up , surprised . her father stand before she , near a tree . she smile . her father tentatively smile back ; a gruff man , uncomfortable with emotional display . alice I be afraid you be not come . alice' dad I watch from behind the stand . do not want to embarrass you , ya know . " the drunk show up " , that kind of thing ... alice that 's in the past . unless you have stop go to the meeting . alice' dad no . a deal 's a deal . he produce a wrap present from behind he back . hesitates , awkward , then hand it at she . Alice 's face light up as she stare at the package . alice' dad ( cont would ) well , go on . open it . she gleefully rip the paper off and open the box . it 's a camera . she smile , delighted and surprised . alice dad ! alice' dad it 's the model you have be save up for . I want you to have it for you trip . Alice stare lovingly at he . alice I do not give a damn what they might think . you be terrific . she give he a kiss on the cheek . he try to take it in stride . she ponder he a second longer . then take he arm and begin to lead he toward the foundation . alice' dad where be we go ? alice to take a picture . angle on parent and kide lining up for a group photo . Alice and she father enter shot . Alice hand she camera to someone just off screen . we see they all take place , change they mind , move next to someone else . Mark 's father put a big arm around greta 's mother . beam , unaware of the horror and distaste that just leapt onto racine 's face . ext . high school parking lot - later Parents and off spring be move toward they car . camera pan across the crowd to ... alice and dan hugging . her father stand a few foot away . dan call I when you shift end . Alice nod . Dan shake she father 's hand . dan ( cont would ) Goodbye , sir . I will have she home by August . Alice 's father frown . dan ( cont would ) just kid . Dan smile at Alice and head off . Alice hand she gown and flower to she father as he open the car door . alice thanks for everything , dad . alice' dad you sure you do not want a ride to work ? alice it 's just across the park . he climb into the car . smile he gruff smile . alice' dad okay , angel . have fun tonight . Alice wave goodbye as he start the car . ext . springwood - dusk Alice walk down a empty street . perhaps too empty to be right . there be a faint sing - song noise , but it 's not yet discernible as anything . alice give a faint look of ominous recognition . on the STREET Alice pass the entrance to the park . int . park - alice' Pov group of kid be play on the swing , in the sandbox , on the slide . the sing - song continue . alice see something . alice be Pov - past the other child the elm STREET child play they ominous rope game ... the sing - song become identifiable now . it 's the elm Street Children 's anthem ... " three four , better shut the door ... " alice her face harden with resolve . alice no . this be not go to happen . she close she eye tight . then open they again . alice' Pov worse now . all the normal child be go . only the elm Street kid remain ... play they endless game . alice grow more determine . head into the park . camera stays with her as she move with increase speed . the elm STREET child always manage to somehow stay one turn ahead of she . the park itself have take on a forebode darkness . the tree cast oddly elongate shadow . alice have leave the path . she move rapidly now through branch that tear at she clothing and she face . soon she be run blindly in the direction of the ever present voice . she break through some bush and find herself in a ... clearing a open green in the center of the park . she be all alone ... and the effect , even to the color of the grass at she foot , be dreamlike . the voice have cease . alice' Pov - in a 360 pan there be nothing but the green common with the tree and brush all around it ... but from somewhere nearby , she hear the chant voice they have add a new couplet . voice nine ten , freddy 's back again ... camera continue in a second 360 and now , where there be foliage a moment ago we see a set of gothic step , frame a silhouetted nun . alice stare with intrigue as the child 's voice fade . angle on the step - looking down past stone gargoyle in the foreground . the nun hurry up the step toward camera , she face obscure by she habit 's veil . as the nun move past camera we see Alice , at the bottom of the step , hurry after she . alice wait ! angle on asylum door at the top of the step as the nun move inside . angle on step - from inside door Alice run up , into shot . stop . glance up at something high above she . on the asylum tower rise toward the sky . immense and impose . Three window set in a row at the very top , be it 's only feature . reverse angel - looking down at the step int . hospital convent - night completely desert . Alice move slowly down a seemingly endless corridor . she pass a desert reception area , then a empty nurse station . open door lead into frightening pit of darkness all along the hallway . intercut Alice 's pensive watchful face with the shadowy ominous world through which she be walk . we just know that something really nasty be go to happen . as she pass a open doorway , she hear a strange , animal SOUND form the room within . she pause , look inside , then recoil with shock as she see a sheep , it 's mouth all bloody , stand with it 's lamb , near the carcass of a large , dead snake . suddenly she hear the sound of rusty wheel and whirl around to see : a freddyesque baby stroller black , ominous look , rusting , roll slowly down the corridor toward Alice from behind . as it move toward camera , pan with it to ... alice as she back against the wall watch the evil pram roll past . then Alice notice something beyond it , far down the corridor . camera follow she gaze to ... the nun hurry soundlessly through a doorway . we only catch a glimpse of she as she disappear from view . alice react . run past the stroller towards the nun . the white of a nun' habit swirl out of camera to reveal staircase . shoot from overhead as Alice move into frame and start up the staircase . alice' Pov move up . there be a squeaky echo of wheel off-screen . on alice from below as she turn to look down . close on alice as she look back up the stair . she take one step forward and ... wham !! she 's yank down out of frame ! a set of double door bang open . Alice lie on a gurney , she head tilt back to face the camera mount behind she head . the gurney race down a corridor , push by a dirty , unshaven , orderly . bang !! she be push through another set of door into int . delivery room white habited nurse , aide , and doctor all crowd around and peer down at she . alice look around , horrify and confuse . a doctor lean down toward she . doctor there 's nothing to be afraid of . just do exactly what I say . alice sit bolt upright on the gurney . alice no !!!!! her Pov panning the crowd of spectator ... orderly , nurse and doctor , have all back away and now crowd the wall of the room . stop on alice among they and track into close up . ( Alice be still in hospital gown . ) alice ( in the spectator ) her eye lock with ... amanda krueger be who be now the one on the gurney , about to give birth . amanda help I ... why be this happen again ? please ! do not let he do this ... a painful contraction wrack she body . alice try to understand the meaning of she word . amanda be now lose in the agony of freddy 's birth . doctor do not panic , sister . we have get a breach birth here . it 's backwards . I be go to have to turn it around . okay . deep breath . here we go . I need you to push ... now ! push ! the birth proceed . doctor ( cont would ) Holy shit !! what be it ?! a nun stand , hold something in swaddle ( which obscure the thing from she view . she address she answer to amanda . ) nun this be still one of God 's creature , you know . take solace in that . amanda struggle upright on the operate table . she be drench in sweat and clearly terrify . she stare directly into the eye of the nun hold the swaddle bundle . amanda that be no creature of God ! the nun gaze at amanda , shocked by she word . she start to speak . suddenly , the swaddle bundle begin to kick and beat furiously . the nun fight to keep hold of it , but the bundle struggle free from she grasp and fall under the gurney . in a second , it scuttle into the shadow . we hear a horrible braying SOUND . the orderlies involuntarily step back , stare at the thing on the floor . then general panic set in . amanda ( cont would ) stop it ! give it to I ! a few orderly scramble to close the door . some bolt through they , racing to get away from the thing on the floor . bedlam reign as people shout and rush around . alice watch , transfix . then ... baby freddy Pov streaking towards Alice . he scuttle between she leg and out through the double door . amanda ( 0.s. cont would ) do not let it get away ! the double door swing close . pan to Alice , as she get back to she foot and turn . alice' Pov the delivery room be empty . alice turn back to the door . she move slowly and deliberately . the door - alice' Pov camera move toward they . alice scared but determine . she stop in front of they . the door hold long enough so that we be dead sure something evil be go to jump right into Alice 's face . alice take a deep breath and reach out to open the door ! nothing awful grab she . her expression change to one of horrify recognition . int . church - over alice' shoulder where freddy " die " in nightmare four . that horrible braying SOUND come from somewhere nearby . track with her as she start into the church . crane up over her to reveal the church in all its horrid glory , full of freddyize church artifact . there be no sign of the " baby . " alice' Pov move past row after row of pews . there be slimy , gulping noise now , sound even more unspeakably unpleasant that the thing 's braying . the sound echo in a way that tell Alice nothing about where they be come from . the thing could be anywhere . alice be not to happy about that ! near the altar freddy 's fetid remain lie in a crumpled heap . we recognize bit of stripe sweater . a claw catch a stray bit of light from somewhere . in the distance , Alice move slowly forward . alice stop for a moment ... stare at the place she think she leave she nightmare forever . there be a slithering SOUND from the step lead to the altar ! alice watch in horror . the fetal monster - alice' Pov now we see this " baby " . it 's shape be vaguely human , but with the gleam skin of a flay goat . it seem to grow as it move . the thing slither toward the decaye remain of freddy 's signature outfit . all the while , its shape be become more loathsomely human ... alice her eye widen as she realize what be about to happen . alice you can not make I bring you back ! the thing begin to crawl in through on of freddy 's pants leg . alice run toward the altar . there be a ear - splitting noise of wood be ripped away . the altar rise from the floor . the floorboard begin to tilt up toward Alice as they be tear from they foundation . the angle of the rise floor throw Alice back . she look at the altar . alice' Pov it continue to rise , prevent she from reach it . alice can only desperately , impotently try to crawl " uphill " through the dust and smoke towards the impending resurrection , powerless to prevent it . we intercut Alice 's struggle to reach freddy before he be " resurrected " with ... splintering wood ; shatter glass ; the rising altar . close shot of bit and piece of freddy 's metamorphosis see through the grow dust of the crumble church , as that embryonic thing grow ... into clothes ... into the glove ... into the body . alice struggle , but there be no way she can even reach the altar , and God know what she could do even if she do get there . one final close up of freddy 's mid-section , stretch fully into shape . and then , suddenly ... the floor fall back into its level position with a dust raise thud . Alice hit the ground . hard . silence . and dust . then . alice raise herself up off the floor . look around . alice' Pov nothing but dust and smoke , back - light by light stream in through the break stain glass window . alice in background , through the smoke as ... in extreme foreground close - up , the char remain of a hand , reconstruct itself , reach down and slip into the glove . on alice as she hear the ghastly scraping SOUND of freddy 's claw . the altar - alice' Pov nothing but the settling dust ... and somewhere behind it , a figure silhouett in the shadow . freddy emerge stand in front of the pulpit with he arm raise in a ultimate mockery of the resurrection . he look even a little more grotesque than usual . misshapen , like the crook man . his arm and leg be not quite the same length . the joint be twisted so that nothing in he body seem align . nevertheless , he smile at Alice , and he smile 's more malevolent then ever . freddy it 's a boy . alice back away from he , frighten ... and angry . freddy 's not in a very good mood , either . the two circle each other , keep they distance . alice you can not come back ! I lock the door on you ! freddy laugh , a dry rasp cackle . take a step closer to she . terrify , Alice reflexively strike out . but freddy vanish . his chill laugh echoe around the church wall . Alice follow that laughter with she frighten eye , search for he . suddenly ... freddy appear right behind she . he slip he arm around she waist and caress she tummy with he claw hand . freddy but I find the key ! Alice almost jump out of she skin . she spin around to see freddy throw he head back and cackle ... then a shaft of light come through the rear door of the church . freddy turn toward it . his laughter abruptly die . Alice face the door too . amanda krueger in she nun 's habit , gaze at they from a room beyond the door . she be rimlit , catch in the light stream from three window behind she . she point a accuse finger at freddy . ( amanda speak in the austere voice of a young woman , though it be the same actress play amanda throughout . ) amanda you birth be a curse on humanity . but the more evil that be in I be no more . I will not allow this to happen again . freddy make a sound of pure hatred as he glare at he mother . he 's almost beside himself with rage as ... amanda turn to Alice . amanda ( cont would ) bring he home . alice start to move towards amanda . pick up she pace as she go . alice Home ? how ? where ? on amanda and alice as Alice now run toward she . amanda rid yourself of ... but just as Alice be about to reach the door , they slam close in she face . alice no ! Alice struggle to get the big door open . when she do , she hurry through only to find herself ... int . crave inn - night ... walk through the diner 's front door . ( she 's back in she street clothes . ) the place be empty . too empty . we be certain that Alice be still in she nightmare . she look around . puzzle . completely freak out . she feel the counter and furniture , check out the " reality " of the place . voice ( o.s. ) ( near shout ) Alice ! where have you be ? Alice damn near jump out of she skin . spin around ! it 's anne , a classmate and co-worker of Alice 's . she 's pretty piss off . relieved , Alice start to break down . she 's obviously disturb and frighten . alice Anne ! oh god , I be glad it 's you . it be terrible . anne you be hour late . she throw she apron at Alice . whip pan with the apron to Alice . she 's genuinely stunne . alice hour ? last thing I remember be crossing the park ... she look at the clock . it 's after midnight . Anne angrily gather she thing . anne the party will be history by the time I get there ... great ! Alice just stand there , stunne . Anne shake she head and move toward the door . anne ( cont would ) I wish I could get a prescription for whatever you be on . alice ( not hearing ) ... what ? anne I say thanks a lot , Alice . for nada ! the door slam as Anne go out . Alice reach for the telephone . ext . campus swimming pool - night a raucous pool party in full swing . people be splash around in the water . some dive from pool 's edge to cannonball they friend . laughter . chatter . and the blare of loud rock music fill the air . suddenly ... a girl bloodcurdling scream rise above the cacophony . people scatter to get the hell out of the way as ... yvonne leaping off the high -dive , plunge like a graceful comet toward the water 's surface . strike the water where everyone else use to be . she come to the surface and swim to the pool 's edge amid applause from the other . as she climb from the water , follow her through the swirl crowd of party teens to dan and MARK Dan sleepily lie in a lounge chair . a unopen bottle of champagne , deck with a ribbon , rest beside he . Mark be busy sketching in he book -- a " big hunk " with he arm around two " babe " . he take a sip of beer . greta sit next to they in a gorgeous bikini . she reach into a ice chest and hand Dan a beer . greta so what do you dad say about you and Alice go to Europe ? Dan pass the beer to Mark , who line it up next to the one he 's already get . dan not much . he mostly scream . thinks I be throw my life away . yvonne who 's throw they life away ? yvonne towel off herself as she try to catch up on the conversation . MARK Dan . and he 's take Alice with he -- pretty good dive yvonne . you have be practice . yvonne two hour a day , six day a week . greta offer a beer to yvonne . greta have another one , sound like you need it . yvonne naah , I be do . get to be on shift in a couple hour . ( gesture to pool ) be not you go in ? greta Nah . it 's get too cold for I , and my wonderful mother will kill I if I screw up my hair . she 's get some model agency guy come to dinner tomorrow night . dan do not you ever get tired of you mom try to run you life ? the other turn toward he . Mark and greta know just what Dan mean . yvonne shrug , matter of factly . yvonne do not let them . dan sure , no problem . MARK he 's right . sometimes I feel like I be live with melicert . greta who ? MARK oh , he be this ancient guy I read about who like , kill he kid ' cause they do not want to run the kingdom the way he think they should . greta stare at he , blow away . greta you be weird , you know that ? there be a beat , as all ponder this in silence . then Mark break they reverie . grab Dan 's champagne . MARK screw them . open the champagne . let 's have a party . Dan grab the bottle away . dan hand off squirrel . that 's for I and Alice ... for later . behind they we hear the SOUND of a glass break o.s. , follow by a loud ouch ! they turn toward the sound . angle on pool' edge one of they classmate clutches he foot in pain , then pull a piece of break glass out . blood pour out of the wound . angle on MARK , dan , greta and yvonne everyone cringe . but Mark really react . he turn pale . close he eye tight . MARK oh man ! I could have go all night without look at that . greta I do not believe this ... all that gore you paint in the comic and you be squeamish ? dan just a little blood , guy . MARK Red ink I can handle by the bucket load . the real stuff make I ... you know . yvonne ( joke ) vomit ? MARK faint . Dan shake he head at Mark 's sensitivity . he close he eye and lean back on the lounge chair as a jock approach the group . greta pat Mark on the shoulder . greta you can look now , it 's safe . Mark open he eye as the jock lean toward they . jock yo , dan. telephone . Dan nod . set the bottle down and begin to head away . dan I will be right back -- and do not mess with the bottle . greta we will guard it with we life . int . crave inn - night Alice talk on the telephone - try to remain calm . alice it be he . ( she pause ) I be awake when it happen . do you understand what I be say ? he must have dreamt himself up ... Jesus , Dan ... I be scared . she listen . seem to feel a little relief . alice ( cont would ) I will ... just hurry , okay ? ext . campus swimming pool - night Mark sit next to greta , show she he sketchbook . yvonne be stretch out in Dan 's lounge chair . Dan hurriedly approach and yank he jacket from the back of the chair , pull yvonne up a couple inch . yvonne somebody die ? dan Nah . I just gotta go . Mark turn to greta with a know grin . MARK Alice beckon . Dan start to hurry away . Mark call to he . MARK ( cont would ) hey , Romeo . you forget the secret ingredient . Dan stop . Mark heft the champagne . Dan grab it , almost in afterthought and rush away . MARK ( cont would ) there he go , the fast man on three leg . ext . highway - night Dan 's truck speed along a desert stretch of road . in the truck Dan be at the wheel . he look intense , worried about Alice . he 's also very tired . the voice of a abrasive talk radio dj fill the cab . we listen to he while Dan fight to keep he eye open . d.j. ( o.s. ) right , lady ... and elvis kill Marilyn ' cause the Kennedy 's put fluoride in he water . what' the matter , lady ... did you go off you medication ?! he hang up on she . push in closer and closer on Dan as this conversation continue . d.j. ( o.s. cont would ) Jesus ... be there anyone out there with a function brain that want to talk to I ? ( a beat ) line two ... you be on the air . Dan 's eye close for a second . there be a eerie buzz and static from the radio . mrs . jordan ( o.s. ) I be call about my wayward ex - son Daniel , who have just act like on ungrateful , unmanageable dickweed , ever since he be seduce by this bimbo , slut - whore , Alice ... Dan 's eye open and he stare in shock at the radio which have transformed itself into a rusting antique . dan Mom ...? then another voice come to he through the radio . freddy ( o.s. ) if I be you lady , I would kill the ungrateful piggy ! the radio change from " talk show " to a blaringly loud heavy metal station . Les 's brilliant speed metal masterpiece " fast track to Hell " fill the car . dan stare down at the radio . his confusion have give way to fear . the seat belt snake out to impossible length , wrapping around he arm . Dan manage to keep he right hand free , but the belt wind around the rest of he body , pin he leave arm uselessly to he chest . the truck cross over onto the center divider , out of control . close on gas and brake pedal Dan try to hit the brake . but as he foot come off the accelerator , the brake pedal snake around and slam down on top of he foot , push the accelerator to the floor . dan wince in pain . wrench he leave arm free of the belt and grab the wheel . desperately reach with he right for the gear shift , which duck away from he grop hand like a darting cobra . the truck lurch across the center divider and charge into the oncoming traffic ! dan hunt wildly for the elusive gear shift . hear a loud pop from inside the cab . he look over ... freddy be now sit in the passenger seat , clutching Dan 's bottle of champagne . his side of the truck be now " freddyize " . he take a huge gulp of champagne . then ... spit it out . it hit the dash , sizzling like acid . more of it run down he arm and shoulder . it 's smoking , too . he turn to Dan . freddy ( cont would ) bad year . dan some of the drop hit he , burn he chest and arm . Dan scream ! freddy his stripe jersey begin to smoke as the shoulder socket melt away . freddy grin . turn to dan. freddy ( cont would ) better buckle up . low angle on freddy as he reach with he leave arm and rip he right arm off . then he weld the smoking socket onto the doorjam above the corner of the passenger window ... and pull he on he claw . his arm stretch like a extend seatbelt . he hook he claw into a " freddy buckle " at he waist . dan have be watch all this in horror . suddenly ... he hear a loud honk . whip pan with Dan to he Pov through the windshield as the bright light of a approach truck white out of frame . tracking toward dan as he look down at the gear shift lever . close on he hand slamm the lever into reverse . close on dan' truck tire skid on the pavement . Burning rubber . start to melt as the brake lock ! dan be slam headfirst through the windshield . shatter glass explode all around he , as Dan fly over the hood ! ext . campus swimming pool - night close on cement at pool' edge Dan slam down into shot , bounce on the hard ground . his lounge chair tumble after he . Dan 's entire body be lacerate with small cut , he hair be singe and what 's leave of he clothes be tatter , smoking shred . he manage to untangle himself from the overturn chair and get to he foot . somewhere a telephone be ringing . that 's what must have awaken he in time to save he life . Dan look around , daze . the pool be empty . the party have break up . Dan turn toward the ringing phone . behind he be a glass in cubicle / office . the ringing phone sit on a desk inside . Dan try the door . lock . then suddenly come to he sense in recognition . dan Alice !.... Dan turn , and charge toward the parking lot . ext . campus parking lot - night dan' truck in the foreground . beside it sit a gleam motorcycle . Dan come run into shot , search himself for he key . can not find they . he try to open the truck 's door . lock . he slam the hand against it in frustration . then notice the yamaha 1200 . its key be snugly in the ignition slot , like a invitation . Dan hop on the bike . turn the key , and kick -start the monster . the engine jump to life . at the parking lot exit from across the lot we see Dan and bike charge toward we . he roar past camera and screech onto the street . ext . STREET - night Dan gun the bike 's motor and race toward the crave - Inn . suddenly ... the engine give a terrific growl . the bike 's front end come off the ground as the bike go into a wheelie , then accelerate down the street at a outrageous speed . dan frantically dodge several car , swerving into the oncoming lane to pass one , then careen back to avoid a pair of loom headlight . Dan look down at the instrument panel . close on panel all the gauge be red line . dan' face begin to distort with the g-force of this impossible ride . the bike just keep increase speed . the instrument panel go out of control . the gauge swing erratically . they begin to speed up dizzyingly , then ... the panel explode ! its cover fly away in shard revealing a frenzied collection of moving wire and blinking light beneath . the wire and light begin to ungulate in a evolution of pattern . soon we realize a face be beginning to form out of this tangle , sparking mess . the bike be move so fast now the other care be only pass blur . Dan slalom through they at a impossible rate . the instrument panel continue to metamorphasize . wire spark and leap as they wind in and around each other . light at the top move toward the center to form two eye . shard of sparking metal marshal themselves into two row of electric tooth . other wire form cheekbone , lip , and the sickeningly recognizable scar pattern of freddy 's skin . and that 's just what we be look at ... cybernetic freddy ! his electric eye stare up at Dan 's frighten face with the glee of anticipation . he speak with Mr. Jordan 's voice . freddy time to feel the need for speed , dickweed ! dan stare down at the face in horror . then he see something really bad ... dan' Pov he right hand clutches the handlebar / throttle . cable feed out from the brake and throttle grip and plunge into he hand with a smoking sizzle , attach he to the machinery . his skin begin to undulate and bubble up . whip pan to Dan 's leave hand . cable have meld with he bubbling flesh there , too . camera crane down across the side of the bike , where the gas tank be start to transform into a hideous live creature / machine . distend rib protrude . the gas tank / torso begin to undulate as it breathes ... camera continue down toward the cylinder , which stretch and begin to breathe , then come to rest between they and the whirring spoke of the front wheel . then ... camera pan up and we see Dan from below the handlebar . through the tatter of he shred clothes we see more crack , bubbling skin . his face be wrack with torture and something beyond even horror . suddenly ... the handlebar now join completely to Dan 's hand , thrust downward , slamm he chest to the body of the bike . Dan stare into freddy 's robotic face , now a inch from he own . camera track from leave to right , pass beneath the breathe cylinder . the highway blur below we . the camera emerge on the leave side of the bike , look back toward Dan 's leave leg . the exhaust pipe be merge with Dan 's leg . grow into it , as Dan 's skin continue to bubble , and billow up , then peel off ... tilt up to dan' face and now we realize that Dan have become a machine / man , like a butterfly emerge from its cocoon . close on dan' face only he eye remain human . Dan struggle , continue to meld with the machine . he open he mouth , force the metallic skin to crack around the edge , and begin a long hideous scream . camera rapidly pull back to reveal a full shot of the freddy bike hurtle down the street that have become nothing more than a abstract blur of movement and light . Dan 's scream continue to build , form into a plea of terror ... dan aaaalice !!!! freddy face / instrument panel push in on freddy 's leer grin . freddy do not dream and drive ! extremely close on dan' eye look down at freddy . a bright light wash over Dan 's eye ; we hear a earsplitting diesel horn ! Dan look up into camera . squint against the light . dan' Pov from inside dan' truck a massive diesel semi truck hurtle toward camera like a juggernaut . pull back to reveal that the Pov be now from inside dan' truck , stare out the windshield at the twin beam of a approaching semi ! camera tilt down to Dan 's unattend steering wheel ... reverse angle - fast track through the windshield , in slow motion . Dan frantically try to return he now human hand to the wheel ... too late ! dan' Pov the semi 's bright chrome radiator fill the screen ! int . crave inn - night close on a hot grill as a hamburger patty be drop into it . the meat begin to sizzle . a radio play . alice she be pour a late night customer a cup of coffee . suddenly ... the restaurant sound distort . she hear dan' voice call she name . Alice snap to as the coffee cup she 's fill overflow . she drop the pot of coffee . the entire wall behind she change to a extreme close - up of dan' rusted , nightmare face - scream her name ! Alice turn . run toward the wall . alice Dan ... dan' hideous face pull away as he distorted , grotesque body go fly backwards down a long membranous tunnel away from Alice . he disappear into the depth just as Alice reach the wall . she stretch out she hand ... and the wall return to reality . alice be wrack with a spasm and pain ! she clutches she stomach and double over , as though she would be kick . she fight the pain away . then get up and run wildly to the street . ext . crave inn - night Alice charge out of the diner . behind she , far down the street , we can make out the silhouette of a jack - knife semi , back - light by the flame and smoke of dan' burning truck ! we hear the blare of a jamme horn . a series of jumpcut between Alice 's face and she Pov end close on her face as she scream . camera turn with her and follows her as she run panicked , toward it . the blaring horn grow louder . as she near the semi , the driver 's door swing violently open ! a figure lurch from the cab . grab she as she move past . the momentum swing they both around . the truck driver he bloody face be light by the burn wreck of Dan 's truck . his eye be glaze and shocked . he scream madly into Alice 's face . truck driver he come fly out of nowhere ! like he be a fuck rocket ! I do not even see he ... we hear a wall of approach siren . Alice 's tear- stain face be strobe in a flash red light as she look past the semi driver to see Dan 's mangle body enmesh in the wreckage . as she try to get to he he eye snap open and he look straight at she . dan it be he ! blood well from he gape wound as he choke and die . her eye begin to lose focus . in a moment ... Alice collapse , fall out of frame ... leave only the black of the night sky . int . hospital observation room - night black . then ... Alice 's rim-lit profile move into frame . track around to reveal yvonne work in the background . continue tracking to reveal that we be in a unlit hospital room . what little light there be come from the glass observation window in the background . through the window we can see Alice 's father confer with a doctor , Dan 's parent and two police officer . Beyond they we see traffic in the corridor . Alice 's eye open suddenly . alice ( quietly ) it be he . yvonne hear she and come over , lean into frame . yvonne you be alright ... it 's okay , honey . I be right here . Alice stare at yvonne . thing be far from alright . yvonne ( cont would ) Alice , Dan 's be in a accident ... Alice shake she head . alice ( in a monotone ) it be no accident . it be krueger . he use to get in through my dream , but not anymore . he 's find some other way . yvonne Alice , it 's no dream . I be sorry ... Dan 's dead . Alice stare at she as she eye fill with tear as she remember . as she start cry she clutches yvonne in a desperate embrace . at the sound of she cry , Dr. Moore and she father leave Dan 's parent and approach yvonne and Alice . alice' dad I be so sorry , honey ... alice daddy , he 's come back ... krueger 's come back . make they understand . yvonne ( look at Dr. Moore nervously ) calm down . take it easy . you be hit shock . alice' dad Alice . the police find fragment of a champagne bottle ... alice Dan do not drink . you know that . it be probably for I - to celebrate we trip . her father look away , helpless . Dr. Moore turn to he and speak in a confidential , professionally calm voice . dr . moore this sort of outburst be not entirely uncommon . many woman have they in the first few week . especially if they have suffer a traumatic shock . ( to Alice ) but do not worry young lady , you be go to be fine . alice ( get increasingly hysterical ) I will not be fine and neither will any of my friend . we have get to do something . Dan 's already dead ... do not you see ? he 's back and he 's just get start . ( as she remember what Moore just say ) what do you mean ? what 's he talk about ? what 's wrong with I ? yvonne speak up , try to be comforting . yvonne nothing . she and Alice hold eye for a beat . everyone be silent . yvonne ( cont would ) you be just a little pregnant . close on alice stun . she lie back , close she eye tightly . a tear form at the edge of one and spill down she cheek . alice' dad ( o.s. ) the doctor want to keep you here overnight ... dr . moore ( o.s. ) just for routine observation . to make sure you be as comfortable as possible . Alice have not be listen . we hold on she troubled face as she open she eye again , the full ramification sink in . alice ( to herself ) Dan 's baby ... fade out . fade in : int . hospital observation room - dawn Alice lie in bed , apparently asleep . the camera pan slowly around the room . it be eerie in here now with the long shadow of hospital equipment throw across the wall by the dimme hallway light . the camera continue slowly , deliberately to move around the room until we be on the OPEN doorway . stop . jacob a boy of about six or seven year stand there , watch Alice . he 's frail . other worldly . not ghost - like , but possess a strange , transcendent quality . he wear a white hospital robe and stand without move , just stare at Alice with a transfix smile of happiness . Alice 's gaze at the ceiling slowly move toward the child , as though she be will by some force to notice he . she 's startle at first by he presence . then she realize he 's only a boy . even if he be a little odd . jacob hey ... wake up . alice ( tentative ) huh ? they gaze at one another for a beat . they each seem to be transfix by each other . alice ( cont would ) hi there . jacob my name be Jacob . she smile . she wait . he just watch . he stand there in the way that little kid have of feel no need to fill a silence with conversation . alice should not you be in you room , Jacob ? jacob it 's lonely in there , in my room . alice my name be ... he cut she off with : jacob I be sorry you boyfriend get kill . alice ( shocked ) how do you know that ? jacob I could tell you be sad . I just want to see if you be all right . he smile kind of shyly and turn . Alice call after he . alice Jacob . wait . do not go . but he have already disappear down the dark corridor . hold on Alice 's troubled face . ext . hospital - day Alice and yvonne walk out of the building . alice have you visit the little boy on my floor ? Jacob , the one who look kind of sad ? yvonne there be not any little boy on you floor . alice he must have wander up from the child 's ward . I just wonder what be wrong with he . yvonne shake she head . yvonne we do not have a child 's ward . Alice stop . puzzle . alice but he be wear a hospital robe . yvonne look at Alice with a mixture of impatience and compassion . yvonne I do not know what to tell you . Alice take this in . thinks about it . yvonne look a little more concerned about Alice 's state of mind . alice do everyone call everyone ? yvonne ( hesitant ) they be wait for we ... but let 's keep this dream stuff between you and I . int . alice' bedroom - day close on alice pace and speak animatedly . camera track with she . alice amanda krueger be a part of a religious order that run that asylum . she be rape and have the baby there in the 1940' . that baby grow up to be freddy krueger who murder twenty or thirty kid right here on elm Street . Mark , sit at greta 's foot . he glance up from he sketchbook , intrigue . track back with Alice to ... alice ( cont would ) he get catch but the court cut he loose on a technicality . the parent of the murder kid form a posse and kill he . torched he . track to greta . hold on she disbely face . she light up a cigarette . MARK cover girl could not smoke . she blow smoke in he face . alice but that be just the beginning . he keep on kill ... only now he kill people in they dream , they nightmare . and he use my dream to get to he victim . angle on greta and yvonne exchange dubious , concerned - for - Alice look . Mark seem incredulous . keeps on sketching . MARK I have get to write some of this down . alice that 's why it 's my fault Dan 's dead . yvonne stop say that , it 's bullshit . greta I want to talk about the baby . MARK yeah , congratulation ... I guess . Alice angrily cut they off . alice that 's not what we be here for ! there be a beat , then ... yvonne look . Dan 's parent be push he . push he hard . he be bitching about it at the party last night . he be under pressure . we all be . greta pushy parent can make you more than a bit crazy . alice what 's that get to do with it ? yvonne when Dan die you be not even asleep . you say so . end of story . Alice glare at they , adamant . alice than he must have find another way . greta look down at Mark 's draw : see he comic book sketch of the one-hund maniac . greta Christ , Mark ! mister compassion . alice listen ! this be not a goddamn joke ! he get in through my dream -- somehow . I think I could control it , but something 's change , and I do not know what he will do next . everyone stare at she . not know what to say . MARK look , we all like Dan . and we love you ... great stand . put she hand on Alice 's shoulder . greta ( interrupt ) bottom line , Alice . anybody , supernatural or not , that want to hurt you - he will have to go through we first . yvonne all of we . right ? greta nod in agreement . alice that 's what I be afraid of . hold on Alice , then ... int . alice' kitchen - night Alice remove a couple of freeze microwave dinner from the refrigerator and set they on the counter . while she do so , the camera track around and as she lean on the counter , we push in to reveal she be lose in think , tear form in she eye . her father come in carry a bag of grocery - healthy stuff : veggy , chicken , fruit , Rye crisp , juice . as he come in , Alice cover up she tear and turn away to put the dinner in the oven . he obviously have something to say to she in mind and the two of they talk simultaneously . alice how be the meeting ? alice' dad sober ... alice very funny . alice' dad ( unpack grocery ) Alice ... alice ( interrupt ) since when be you such a smart shopper ? alice' dad since my little girl become a mom ... alice you disappointed in I ? alice' dad no , I be not . I sort of hope it 's a boy . be nice to have a boy play in the house again . Alice look at he , then hug he . a beat . her father gently pries she away . manage a little smile . alice' dad ( cont would ) just do not make a habit of it . Alice smile back . reaches for the can opener . alice c'mon . let 's do salad . int . greta' bedroom - night close on greta from behind , sit on the edge of she bed . all around she , propped up on pillow , and cover she dresser and chair , be several doll . some of which be clearly wind - up with key in they back . everything from barby to european porcelain . her mother 's shrill voice come from down the hall as we hear she try to open greta 's lock bedroom door . mrs . gibson ( o.s. ) greta ... camera slowly track until we be face greta and we see that she be hold one of the delicate china doll in she hand . she stare at it , lose in think . her eye move to something at she foot . down angle a 8x10 blow - up of the snapshot take on graduation day lie on the floor . in the center be Dan , surround by he parent and friend . greta contemplate the picture . her eye well up . a tear begin a slow track down she cheek . mrs . gibson ( o.s. cont would ) we guest be wait , dear . appearance , you know , let 's not make they impatient . greta ( to herself ) flash them you boob . the sight of all that plastic ought to stun them for a while . ( then call out ) come mother ! greta pull herself together . wipe she eye . set up the china doll on the bedstand next to the photo . get up . angle on china doll in foreground as greta move to she bedroom door in background and exit . as the door close , the precariously perch doll teeter then gently tumble out of shot . on the yearbook - extreme slow motion as the doll float into shot , fall towards the photograph , crack apart on impact ... int . greta' dine room - night close on hand open a bottle of wine . the cork come out with a muffle pop and the hand begin to pour . mrs . gibson ( o.s. ) it 's true , people be always mistake we for sister . racine gibson sit at the head of a massive table , host one of she expensively cater dinner party . though she do not look in the least like greta 's sister , the other guest nod and titter politely . the house be decorate in " modern pretentiousness " and the guest match the spirit of the room . greta sit at the opposite end of the table from she mother , wear a beautiful white dress . one of the guest turn from greta to she mother . guest greta certainly have the perfect body for modeling . you know , eileen Ford 's a friend of mine . ( to greta ) I tell she about you . she 's very interested greta do not respond . her mother 's delighted . mrs . gibson greta , you be be offer the chance of a lifetime ! I think you should show a little gratitude . greta one of my friend die yesterday , mother . do you mind if I take a few hour off to remember he ? mrs . gibson but we be have a party , dear . she glare at she mother . a half - drunk trendy guest speak . trendy guest I read about he . drunk or something , be not he ? Mrs. Gibson cut she off , try to damage - control greta 's association with someone she guest might disapprove of . mrs . gibson he be just a friend of greta 's , not someone special , not someone she be see , you understand . really just a acquaintance ... another guest speak up , a thirtysomething type . thirtysomething guest sad . it remind I of fitzgerald . although in he storey , it 's general the woman who have pointless , violent death . greta tire to ignore he . the other guest jump in with they own literary allusion and comparison . greta close her eye to shut they out . for a second she seem to nod . catch herself . look up as ... frederick , the caterer , step forward and offer she selection from a tray of food . we do not see he face , but a sliver of a GREEN and red stripe jersey peak out from above he starch tuxedo collar . greta shake she head no . greta no thank you . I be not hungry . Frederick step away . the other guest strangely cease converse mid-sentence and turn to she . greta 's mother notice with alarm . face she daughter . mrs . gibson be not you eat ? greta I do not really feel up to it . the other guest begin to eat voraciously . mrs . gibson really , dear . you ought to try something . greta ( sharply ) you be the one who 's always slapping my hand about weight - watch . her mother glance nervously at the other guest . her voice take on a shrill edge . mrs . gibson but that 's why we diet , dear . so we can eat at social event and not upset the other guest . frederick intrude frederick madam , if I may ... he wheel in a trolley with a sterling silver chafing dish on it . he turn to greta and push in the tray to the hideous baby chair , which greta 's chair have become , pin she in place . the guest continue chow down , while Mom beam approvingly . greta stiffen into a parody of too-straight posture . Frederick remove the lid of the sterling silver chafing dish with a flourish , revealing a perfect , miniature doll - like replica of greta . with a flourish , he proceed to slit it open , fillete it in front of greta 's horrify eye with one of the blade on freddy 's claw hand . Frederick have now become freddy , transform from the normal Robert englund to freddy krueger . at the end of the blade on freddy 's claw , a sharpen silver spoon now exist . he scoops into the dissect doll and begin to feed greta , force some of the mush into she mouth . greta resist , turn she head to spit it out . freddy jerk she head back to the front . greta' Pov as she head be snap back . another claw / spoonful of mush in she face . freddy you be what you eat . the table guest laugh and feast on in the background . mrs . gibson nothing but the best for greta ! freddy ( with another spoonful ) second help . the guest laugh as greta struggle helplessly , moan and groan she objection . mrs . gibson do not talk with you mouth full , dear . greta stare at the claw / scoop wide - eye as they force the mush into she mouth . greta' Pov as freddy shove another spoonful . freddy do not forget dessert . guest a rare delicacy . wider to reveal what freddy be feed she . he stand over greta scoop he claw into she torso as though it be make of ice cream , and deliver the stuff back up to she mouth . greta scream in horror as she realize what she 's eat . int . alice' kitchen - night over alice' shoulder as she step to the refrigerator and grasp the door handle , we get a glimpse of something forebode a split second before she open the door ... a freddy magnet above the handle that say die bitch . Alice pull the door open . push in past she to the grocery inside . a real freddy food feast of graveyard leftover -- fly swarm when Alice open the door . maggot , rot and cobweb . dripping fetid garbage . then suddenly ... greta 's hideously mutate face shoot into close up from right frame ! her cheek have be horribly distend . food spill from she mouth as she try to scream . over greta' shoulder who we can now see be impossibly come out in the open refrigerator door . her arm desperately reach out towards Alice who stand freeze , facing camera , in open- mouth shock . alice greta ! then Alice leap into action . she grab greta 's hand and begin to pull with all she might . but she can not get greta out ! alice ( cont would ) dad ! pull back fast away from the struggle , through the kitchen door , into the live room and further back still until Alice 's father appear in left foreground , sit in he easy chair , read the newspaper . alice ( cont would ) dad ! help ! Pov from inside the refrigerator look past the mound of disgusting stuff to Alice and greta . suddenly , freddy claw come into foreground shot . alice and greta Alice have manage to pull greta a couple inch further from the open door when freddy lunge out of the refrigerator ! with lightning speed he grab greta 's arm and yank the door close with a wham ! alice ( cont would ) no ! down angle on alice as she quickly yank the fridge open again and see ... nothing ! everything be back to normal . no sign of greta or freddy . close on alice stare into the fridge with amazement and fear . alice close the door and rush to the telephone on the wall . int . greta' dine room - night in the dream - freddy and greta freddy shove another clawful of stuff into greta 's mouth . she start to choke . freddy pull greta to he . hug she , patting she back , like a parent burping a infant . he 's almost cradling she as she continue to choke the life out of herself . freddy 's " patting " become harder . greta jolt under each slap on the back ... in the dinner party - on greta - from below , shoot up she start to choke . her face go blue . she stand . the guest stare at she in shocked amazement . greta stand , arm out , lean forward as though suspend , as if freddy be still " burping " she . then she pitch forward , face first into she plate . greta' mother look down in shock at she obviously dead daughter . greta' mother greta ?... ext . grey' construction - night a big industrial shop . Mark 's father 's business and they home . rain fall on the cement drive , glisten in the light that spill from beneath the big , half open delivery door . across the door we see : grey & son construction . the " & son " have be recently add . Alice and yvonne , still in she nurse 's uniform , approach . int . grey' construction - night a huge warehouse and commercial shop . row of scaffold , fill with prefab door and wall unit , recede into the darkness . a glass partition office fill a corner near the door . we can see Mark 's father move around inside of it . Alice and yvonne enter and move toward the office door . angle on the office door Alice and yvonne peer inside . Mr. grey , dress in workman 's clothes , be stoically try to repair a break name - plate . we can tell that one of the two desk in here be intend for Mark . Alice look around , concerned . alice Mr. grey ... be Mark around ? he look up , very upset . nod . angrily gesture toward the labyrinth of rack . mr. grey back there somewhere . in the rack of the scaffolding the ray of a single worklight high on the back of the wall stab like finger through the maze of scaffold . silhouett against they , Mark slowly glide between the rack on a skateboard , a solitary and forlorn figure . Alice and yvonne enter shot , back to camera , watch he . alice ( tentatively ) Mark , be you okay ? MARK yeah . I be just ace . look like he 's not . Mark ignore they as Alice and yvonne move closer . he 's a tightly wound coil , ready to snap . alice I want to talk to both you guy about greta . and ... MARK ( snap ) I be very fuck sorry , but greta be dead today . could we interest you in someone else ? Alice step closer to he , she empathy allow she to ignore he tone of voice . yvonne it be just a accident . like with dan. alice no accident . I try to warn all of you about krueger . yvonne shake she head . not wishing Alice to indulge she fantasy . yvonne please , Alice ... but Alice 's word have leave a effect on Mark . he bring he skateboard to a halt . give she a direct look . MARK I think about that . alice she must have fall asleep at the table ... yvonne stop it , Alice . just stop it . stick to the fact . Mark glance at she . MARK too bad . he go back to Alice . alice ( frustrated ) I do not understand what 's happen . krueger have to use my dream , but he get to Dan and greta while I be awake . how 's he do it ? yvonne ( sharply ) why do not you two stick to reality . Mark turn he displace anger on she full force . MARK why do not you shut up and let she talk ! two of we die in the last two day , do that strike you as particularly normal ?! yvonne Mark ... MARK I be not finish - I love greta . a lot . and if maybe , just maybe , someone or some thing kill she , I would like to hear about it ! yvonne I can not listen to this . she start to turn away . Mark get angry again . shout . MARK then get out ! alice Mark ! hurt , yvonne start to get up . turn for the stair . Mark realize he 's be a jerk . punch he fist against the scaffold in frustration . calm himself down . MARK aww , shit ... yvonne , wait a minute , will ya . she stop . turn . MARK ( cont would ) I be a asshole . I know I be not deal with this very well and it 's not you fault . I be sorry . yvonne give he a little hug . tries to smile . yvonne it 's okay . MARK stick around , please ? yvonne brushes Mark 's hair from he face like a big sister . yvonne wish I could , but I be on night shift again ... gotta go . Mark nod . tries to smile . Alice step up to they . put a comforting hand on Mark 's shoulder . alice I can stay for awhile if you want . int . mark room - later a combination studio and storage space for the world 's large collection of comic . the entire loft be a network of scaffold . shelves for he comic , fantasy poster , and sci-fi memorabilia . stuff in among they be ton of book on mythology and the occult . MARK ( o.s. ) do you think I be a idiot ... for be in love with she ? alice ( o.s. ) nobody think that . tack to the wall and scaffold , be dozen of drawing . Works in progress of Mark 's super hero comic book creation . as the camera pan across the sketches , we see the evolution of this character . several name have be try and cross out as Mark 's conception have continue to bloom . continue to pan until we come to a six foot poster of the character in final incarnation as ... the phantom prowler . MARK ( o.s. ) I mean , I know I do not stand a chance in hell , but ... pan past the prowler to Alice and Mark , sit near he draw table . she sit next to he , a comforting arm around he shoulder . alice she care a lot about you . Mark nod . thinks . MARK maybe it be she mother who kill she , with all that polly perfect shit . alice it be not she mother . the only reason we be still here be that none of we have sleep since the grad party . Mark look at Alice . see the certainty on she face . MARK tell I some more about this krueger guy . alice why do not I go make some coffee . there 's a lot to tell . int . mark room - later Alice be come back into the room with two steaming mug . she look around . no Mark . alice Mark ?... she start forward , look around for he . in the bed Mark have fall asleep . below Alice can not see he . she approach the draw table . alice' Pov approach the table . alice set the coffee down and see something that stop she cold . the table - alice' Pov the sketch of greta begin to move , reassembling itself into a draw of the elm STREET house . Mark stand on the porch , open the door ... alice realize what 's happen . reaches she hand toward the page . alice ( cont would ) Mark ! no ! but he go inside . Alice quickly pick up one of Mark 's color feel tip pen and draw a stick figure of herself next to the elm Street house . she write " Alice " above the figure then throw down the pen and close she eye , concentrate . push in on Alice , eye close , use all she will ... ( the background distort as Alice go into the dream . ) pull back from Alice 's face and now we see that we be ext . elm STREET house Alice go inside . int . elm STREET house , live room Alice rush inside . come to a halt as she see a huge , gaping hole in the floor , with jag " paper " edge , like something out of Mark 's cartoon . Mark desperately cling to one of the edge , which slowly begin to tear ... Alice rush over . through the hole , she see what Mark be about to drop into ... the pulsate fetal canal ! close on alice as she kneel and stretch she hand toward Mark . close on MARK he look up at Alice , notice she for the first time , and maybe not sure if she 's really there . he hesitates . the paper tear some more . he 's about to fall ! alice ( o.s. ) take it ! terrify , retch a bloody hand toward Alice , strain to reach she fingertip ... fetal canal Pov - looking up Mark 's leg dangle above , slip lower as the paper continue to tear ... MARK and alice - down angle Alice get down on she belly , try to reach closer to Mark , who keep slowly slip further into the hole . close on there hand fingertip quivering a millimeter apart , then touch , then move toward each other 's palm until they hand firmly grip ! fetal canal Pov - looking up Alice begin to pull Mark up , away from camera alice and MARK - side angle as Alice struggle to pull Mark from the yawn mouth of the canal , it begin to close around he , try to suck he back in . with a final tug , Alice yank Mark out , and the canal close , leave no trace on the now normal floor . alice ( cont would ) let 's get out of here ! angle on front door as Alice race into shot toward the door . Mark follow close behind . as Alice fling the door open , Mark come to a halt , back to camera , notice something on he hand . blood . he stare in horror ... alice ( cont would ) c'mon , Mark ! close on MARK hand raise before he face . his eye be open in shock . then they start to unfocus as he begin to wobble . in the next second he be falling out of frame . wider Alice watch as Mark feint himself awake . as he 's about to hit the floor , he dissolves away . Alice start to turn back to the door when something out of frame catch she eye . camera pan to right until we see ... jacob stand at a window , stare forlornly into the street . alice freeze . stare at this odd child with a mixture of compassion and wariness . alice ( cont would ) Jacob ...? jacob and alice Alice approach , keep a little distance between they . Jacob turn . he 's paler now . sickly . as he recognize Alice , he look even a little sadder . jacob oh...hello ... he go back to the window . Alice take on a tone of instinctive motherly concern . alice ( tentative ) hi , you do not look very well . be you feel all right ? jacob ( still at the window ) be have bad dream . Alice ponder that . alice be this where you live , Jacob ? he shake he head no . jacob just wait for someone ... ( then ) it 's sad about greta . Alice stare at he , intrigue . alice be that who you be wait for ? jacob no ... Alice take another step forward . alice I do not think this be a nice place for you to be . maybe we should go find you Mom . jacob she do not want I around alice oh ... I be sure that 's not true . I will bet she 's very worried about you . I would be . Jacob turn to she . his face full of hurt and accusation . jacob no you be not . you do not even care about be a mom . how come you do not think about I ? alice ( confuse ) who say I ... wait , what ? he lonely eye begin to well up . jacob I like you ... I want to stay with you . why do not you want I ? be there something wrong with I ? Alice stare at he , stunne as the realization hit she . she take a step closer , almost within reach of he . alice who say I do not like you ? jacob my friend , with the funny hand . Alice do not like the implication of that at all . she reach out to lead Jacob away . alice come on , honey . we be get out of here . but he pull away , draw by something in the shadow near the stair . jacob I have to go now , he want I again . Jacob scurries up the stair into the shadow . alice no! Jacob !... she run after he , charge up the stair and find herself int . mark loft - morning Alice climb up the last stair and step into the loft . look around , surprised ; she 's back in reality . Mark sit up in he bed . stare at the cut in hand with amazement , and dawn realization . MARK Holy ... shit ... he 's really real ... be not he ? Mark look up at Alice , who 's more concerned than ever . MARK ( cont would ) be you okay ? alice he 's do something to my baby . I know it -- he 's try to hurt Jacob . Mark look confuse . MARK who 's Jacob ? alice my baby ! MARK what , you name it already ? Alice freeze . realizing ... alice yeah . I think he already have a name ... then , she hurriedly begin to gather she thing . alice ( cont would ) I have get to get away from here . someplace where krueger can not find he . she bolt for the stair . Mark restrain she . MARK whoa , slow down . how're you gonna hide from a guy like that , leave the planet ? alice I do not know ! Alice be on the verge of tear . Mark put he hand on she shoulder , try to emotionally steady she . MARK look , if you be worried about you baby , call yvonne , have the doctor check he out . Alice nod , get a hold of herself . Mark hand she the telephone . then grab he jacket . alice where be you go ? MARK I be go to see what else I can find out about Mr. Fred krueger int . hospital corridor - day Alice hurry down the near desert corridor . yvonne rush to keep up beside she . she look concerned . yvonne you have I scared on the phone . what 's wrong with the baby ? alice I think krueger 's try to do something to it . yvonne suddenly pull Alice to a halt , dismay . yvonne oh , Alice ...no . honey , I love you but you be go to have to get a hold of yourself ... alice Mark know I be not crazy . ask he to show you he hand . Alice start off again . yvonne really look worried now . yvonne I really think you need to calm down now , okay ? alice I just can not figure out how he 's get in when I be awake ... suddenly a think strike she . she wheel on yvonne . alice ( cont would ) do unborn baby dream ? yvonne hesitates , afraid she answer might feed Alice 's fantasy . yvonne yeah ... they do , but ... do we both a favor ... do not mention any of this to Dr. Moore . int . dr . moore' office - moment later yvonne adjust the ultra SOUND monitor . Dr. Moore finish he pre-examination of Alice . he be extremely irritate . dr . moore develop fetus can spend up to seventy - percent of they day in what we call dream state . more as they mature . yvonne shoot a frustrated look at Alice . alice would I be able to sense they ? dr . moore ( annoyed ) be that why you be here ? to see if you baby 's have nightmare ? alice we be here to find out everything we can , be not we ? dr . moore frankly , I have find nothing about you that would indicate the necessity of ultra-sound at this stage of you pregnancy . Dr. Moore throw a dark look at yvonne . alice I just want to make sure my baby 's all right . yvonne hand the ultra-sound device to Dr. Moore . he run the device over Alice 's baby . the ultra -sound monitor the screen come on with a blip . a barely distinguishable black and white image appear ... dr . moore ( o.s. ) the heart seem strong . let 's hear it . yvonne flick a switch and a steady rhythmic beat begin on the track , come from a speaker above the monitor . Alice watch the screen , fascinate . suddenly ... the picture begin to shift and distort with electronic spasm . the SOUND of the baby 's heartbeat begin to grow louder and surreal . Alice turn apprehensively to yvonne and Dr. Moore , who be oblivious to any of this . then ... the wall behind Alice start to pulsate ... become fleshlike . it ripple blue-r with vein . then ... a gape hole open and we be stare into the fetal canal ! whoosh ! Alice be suck through the open ! a iridescent beam of light ( alice ) fly through a landscape of pulsing blood vessel and live tissue . we be inside Alice 's body . a enormous valve stretch open and the beam of " light " shoot through it , then drop down out of frame . hold a beat . then Alice float up into frame ... a translucent figure , ethereal . she be catch in a glow of light . we turn with her to see ... her unborn baby glow with innocence . float ... umbilical chord in the foreground . on alice as she approach the child . she 's fascinate ... enchant . until she see something beyond the baby , a face , protrude from the uterine wall . freddy krueger smile at Alice . freddy hi . see a family resemblance ? alice react in fear as she see ... the umbilical chord beginning to bulge as something force its way through it toward she baby . the bulge move down the chord , then a second one enter from the wall ... both " thing " travel toward the fetus ' belly like golf ball move through a python . then ... whoosh , whoosh , they shoot into the fetus . alice be fear turn to utter horror as she see ... the fetus its skin have turn translucent and we see the tiny , " as in hideous death " soul of dan and greta in the child 's belly . on the soul scream in terror ! freddy huge face leer in twisted pleasure . the baby face begin to slowly transform into a mask of fear and pain . its eye begin to flutter . on freddy as he realize the child be on the verge of awaken . he grimace in anger and frustration . alice scream at freddy . alice do not touch he ! the child begin to turn toward Alice as it near consciousness . its eye open , stare in wonder for just a second , then ... match CUT to : int . dr . moore' office close on alice eye open wide in terror . she look around , panicked . alice what 's he do to my baby ? dr . moore lean into shot , remove the testing device . dr . moore you baby be perfectly healthy ... a little large for so early on , but as normal as any I have see . hold on alice . she 's get knowledge Dr. Moore have not get . she turn to yvonne . alice he 's take they soul ... they spirit to make the baby ... like he . yvonne shoot a look at Dr. Moore . she realize she would better get Alice out of there before he have she commit . yvonne move to Alice . yvonne come on , sweety . I will take you home . you will feel better after you get some real sleep . yvonne manage to guide Alice from the room . Dr. Moore watch they leave . then he check something in Alice 's file . pick up the telephone and dial a number . int . alice' bedroom - day Alice enter , carry two mug of coffee and speak in a frantic rush . yvonne follow behind , a look of deep concern on she face . alice ... Dan be there . greta , too . krueger kill they ! and now he 's feed they to Jacob ! she hand one of the cup to yvonne , who try to get she attention . yvonne Alice ... yvonne set she mug down and gently place she hand on Alice 's shoulder , adopt a very reasonable tone . yvonne ( cont would ) Alice , I want you to stop and listen to yourself . do you know how you sound ? Alice nod . calmly reply . alice completely insane . but I be not ( pause ) and if you be my friend you will try to believe I a little . yvonne look into Alice 's eye . we see that she really care about she , and that Alice be start to scare she . yvonne I be you friend , and I be worried sick about you . but , you be like a lock safe . you have gotta start deal with reality . alice krueger be reality . yvonne ( voice rise ) and so be you baby . you have get more than just yourself to think of now ! alice ( get angry ) what do you think I be do ? ( pause ) look . whether you believe it or not , krueger be back . he 's after the baby and if I do not try to do something about it , who will ?? suddenly the door be push open and Mark enter carry a folder stuff with xerox newspaper clipping . he look from Alice to yvonne and back . yvonne ( continue the discussion ) all I know be that you be not do yourself or the baby any good by act like a crazy woman . why do not you take off - leave springwood and cool out somewhere for a while ? alice goddamn it , yvonne ! you do not just run away from this guy ! he find you in you dream . MARK ( look at yvonne ) he sure find a few other before we . yvonne look at he with frustration . yvonne you , too ? MARK he invite I to he house last night . yvonne ruefully shake she head . tries the calm approach . yvonne look ... we be all tired . none of we have any sleep since Friday night ... alice that 's the only reason you be alive ... yvonne abandon the calm approach . wheel on Alice . yvonne ( shouting ) no it 's not ! she turn for the door . Mark shove the folder towards she . MARK yvonne , look through this stuff . she 's not crazy ! yvonne knock the folder from Mark 's hand , scatter its content everywhere . then she storm out , slamm the door behind she . the xerox clipping float to the floor . Mark glance at Alice . MARK ( cont would ) you okay ? Alice nod . they start pick up the scattered clipping . alice I find out how krueger 's be do it while I be awake . he 's use Jacob 's dream . we have get to stop he . Mark look up at she . MARK you know there be ... one way . Alice look up at he , intrigue . MARK ( cont would ) have you think about not have the baby ? I mean , no baby , no baby 's dream . Alice think about it , very hard . finally shake she head . alice I could not do that , Mark . he 's my last link with Dan ... no , I want he . MARK ( nod , smile ) then we will find another way . alice lean down again and continue pick up the clipping . one , bear a photo of amanda krueger , lie in foreground . she pick it up , stare at it , ponder . alice I have see she ... her father 's voice float up from downstairs . alice' dad ( o.s. ) Alice , can you come down a minute ? int . alice' live room Alice come down the stair . her father be sit in the live room with Dan 's parent , Mr. and Mrs. Jordan . alice oh , hi ... Mrs. Jordan smile at Alice a little too sweetly . we see the strain of she son 's death in she eye . mrs . jordan Alice ... Mr. Jordan and I want to see how you be feel . come , sit down . Alice hesitates , this be the last thing she need right now . alice' dad this be not really a good time . maybe if you could come back ... Mrs. Jordan nervously cut he off . mrs . jordan frankly , dear , we wonder what you intend to do with we baby ? alice what I what ? well , I have think about it . I plan to keep he . Mrs. Jordan glance at she husband . he uncomfortably shift in he chair , then reluctantly speak up . mr. jordan we be concerned that this all might be a little too much for you ... I mean , be single and , well everything ... his voice trail off . his wife frown at he lack of fortitude . she jump in . mrs . jordan what Mr. Jordan mean be that we be aware of the burden that raise a child would place you . Alice continue to stare at she , not quite sure where this be go . Mark quietly appear on the stair behind she hold the folder of clipping . mrs . jordan ( cont would ) we be offer to help ... adopt it and raise it as though it be -- alice look , I appreciate what you be offer , but no . he be my responsibility . mrs . jordan ( get adamant ) and ours . it 's we grandchild . Mr. Jordan , clearly uncomfortable , try to cut she off . mr. jordan doris , maybe this be not such a good -- she ignore he , get more forceful . mrs . jordan in you present condition , Alice , we be worried about you ability -- alice what be you talk about ? my " condition " ?... Alice 's father give Mrs. Jordan a dark look . surprise . mr. jordan we have a call from Dr. Moore . he say Alice be hysterical . that she 's be have paranoid delusion and ... alice you do not understand ... mrs . jordan we know you have be through a lot but there 's more than you feeling at stake here . alice you be not take my baby ! Mrs. Jordan stand , lose she composure . mrs . jordan the court may not agree with you . Alice 's father stand . turn a angry gaze on Mrs. Jordan . alice' dad but I do . I have hear enough of this crap . you think you can just walk into my house and start threaten my daughter ? swirling jacuzzi as yvonne approach . she step up to the side and gingerly stretch out she foot to test the water . close on surface of water froth and bubbling ominously . yvonne 's toe glide down into frame , hover , then dip into the swirl white water . close on yvonne smile happily . close on surface of jacuzzi as yvonne lower herself into the luxurious water . we be sure any second something be go to rise up and eat she ... but nothing happen ... yet . she sink in up to she neck , purring like a kitten . her eye lid grow heavy . start to slide close . she quickly open they . start to rise up ... int . campus pool - wide shot - day no one in sight . yvonne enter , wet from the jacuzzi . toss she towel on a chair and head for the high dive . the ladder - low angle yvonne climb into shot , go up the ladder . on the board - overhead she stretch , then start walk out on the board . Water shimmer in the pool thirty foot below she . over yvonne's shoulder as she move out onto the board . camera track down level with the back of she head . the end of the board from below , look back and up at yvonne as the board strangely begin to tremble . close on yvonne reacting as the tremble increase . the entire board begin to shake violently , whipping back and forth . yvonne fight to keep she balance . yvonne reach for the rail . it come off in she hand ! looking over yvonne's shoulder at the end of the board . rust run back from the end like a wave break on the shore . then the board begin to split and crack , form into four piece . freddy 's claw ! the board ( side angle ) the claw at the end of the board begin to roll up and move toward yvonne . she step back . looking over yvonne's shoulder as she retreat from the approach claw . suddenly , a jag " thumb " , form from the rear of the board , roll into shot , trapping she . she be literally in the palm of freddy 's hand ! freddy claw - from below roll up around yvonne . freddy claw - side angle holding a terrify yvonne in its palm , and about to close over she . she have only a second to act . yvonne leap from the claw . angle on yvonne - slow motion as she move down through frame , tumble out of control . the pool - yvonne's Pov about seventy - foot below and get closer every second as camera race for it ! angle on yvonne - slow motion she begin to regain she equilibrium . straighten out , start move into a diving position . another angle on yvonne now in perfect diving form , she gracefully slice through the air like a knife ... close on yvonne's face suddenly fill with horror . she scream as she see the pool - from above which be full a second ago , be now empty , save for a small puddle in the center . close on the bottom of the pool yvonne hit the puddle ! Water splashes up and ... she keep go , right through the concrete ! black limbo suddenly yvonne break through the void in a crash of shatter glass . fragment and shard sparkle and glimmer as she plummet past camera ! int . freddy jacuzzi a small room with rusted and decaye locker along the wall , like something forget in a ancient gym . the entire floor be a nightmare jacuzzi , churn with blood ! eerie red light , come from beneath the swirl surface , play over the crust wall . suddenly ... yvonne dive down into shot , plunge through the surface of the boiling blood then disappear ! int . mark room - night close on grainy b&w photo of amanda krueger frozen in time . stare from she nun 's habit , eye fill with infinite sadness and despair . she 's stand on the grounds of the asylum , its tower loom behind she . alice ( o.s. ) they think I be nut . MARK ( o.s. ) that 's they problem . the photo be yank down out of frame , whip pan to Alice look up from the photo towards Mark , across the room . we be in Mark 's loft . he 's scan one of the copy newspaper article . alice no , it 's we problem , Mark . if I do not deal with this , they really might try to take Jacob . ( she look at the photo again ) you say she commit suicide ? MARK that 's what the newspaper think . she spend the rest of she life in the asylum . after krueger 's trial she flip out and hang herself , so they think . alice meaning ? Mark shake he head , grin at the creepiness of it . MARK they could not prove it . no body ! nun bump themselves off be bad for business . alice but I have see she grave . MARK empty plot . Memorial stone . vacant . they never do put she under . cool , huh ? he hand she the clipping . Alice scan it . we see the obituary with the headline : a victim of the evil within US all . special tombstone to memorialize nun . alice poor woman ... MARK no shit . Alice put down the article . glance at Mark who have go over to a shelf of book , search through they for a particular volume . alice I do not understand . MARK ( still hunt ) she kill herself . her soul 's gonna be in torment . Alice frown , this be news to she . alice where would you hear that ? Mark find what he 's look for . a huge volume with a crumble leather cover . he pull it out and set it on he draw table with a thud . MARK in here ... somewhere . Alice look down at the book . it 's rla frake ' early christian mythology . Mark open it . move he desk lamp closer . thumb for a page . find it . read . MARK ( cont would ) transmigration . soul of the sinner . yeah , trap in it 's earthly rest place . ( grin at Alice ) the picture be totally cool . Alice give he a frown , then go back to amanda 's photo ; the nun and the asylum tower . alice ( think out loud ) in the dream ... she be try to stop he ... she start to tell I how , then the door slam . ( think , then realize ) he must have do it . close on photo - tight on amanda' face follow Alice 's gaze , camera pan up from amanda 's face , to the asylum tower behind she . close on alice ponder the tower . alice ( cont would ) there 's no other way . alice and MARK she put down the photo and face Mark . alice ( cont would ) I want you to stay awake and watch I . okay ? MARK no problem ... what be you go to do ? push in on Alice 's face . alice I be go to find out how to deal with this guy for once and for all . Alice turn and step out of frame . close on MARK still peruse the volume , he back to Alice . suddenly , freddy claw shoot out from the desk lamp and slam the book close ! MARK jump , stunne . he blink , do that really happen ? then he grab he mug of coffee and take a long drink . push focus full screen to draw of Mark 's comic book creation , the phantom prowler . suddenly ... a huge hand hold a pencil come into frame , and continue the sketch . slowly tilt up to mark tire face fill with a artist 's concentration . he glance off screen , and camera slowly follow he gaze to alice asleep in he bed . track in close on she face until the dark wall behind she become the corridor in the asylum . she open she eye and sit up . camera follows her as she stand and move down the corridor . alice ( cont would ) amanda ! Alice move down the corridor , away from camera , search for amanda . come to a corner . turn down it . int . mark room - night close on a spread of phantom prowler sketches lie on the floor . camera track across they , follow a trail of sketch that lead to the far side of the room where we find Mark , lie on the floor at the base of a rack of comic laden shelf , propped up on one elbow , bored , flick through yet another comic . track around MARK to reveal Alice still asleep on the bed . int . asylum corridor a long , arched , gothic corridor , light by pool of light . at the far end , we see a staircase , silhouett by a rainspatter window behind it . the stair lead up into the shadow . alice ( o.s. ) amanda ! I need to talk to you ! alice walk past camera into shot and pause . see the staircase , start hurry for it . at the staircase Alice glance toward the top . instead of lead to a doorway , the stair dead - end against a brick wall . she climb the stair to the brick up doorway at the top . laying she head on the wall , press she hand to it , she murmur . alice ( cont would ) ( to herself ) found you ! suddenly , from behind ... freddy ( o.s. ) where you goin ' , piglet ? Alice turn toward the voice . freddy ( cont would ) the party 's just start . on alice she start roll across the wall . as we pull back , the camera turn on it 's axis to reveal that freddy have adjust thing . the set be now tilt on a different axis Alice be roll away from the camera , down the staircase , but on the wall , not the stair . suddenly , a rusting metal door be reveal in the wall down which she roll . she roll into it and crash land in the nightmare jacuzzi room . freddy slowly rise from the boil jacuzzi , until he stand on the surface of the pool , grin smugly . Alice climb to she foot , warily . freddy plunge he arm beneath the surface and yank yvonne up by the hair ! she sputter and choke , gasp for air . freddy laugh ... freddy ( cont would ) look what I find . alice be take by surprise . steel herself . at the staircase Alice glance toward the top . instead of lead to a doorway , the stair dead - end against a brick wall . she climb the stair to the brick up doorway at the top . laying she head on the wall , press she hand to it , she murmur ... alice ( to herself ) found you ! suddenly , a door slam . Alice , startle , look . but before she can react , she be sweep off she foot . Alice start roll across the wall . as we pull back , the camera turn on it 's axis to reveal that freddy have adjust thing . the set be now tilt on a different axis and Alice be roll away from the camera , down the staircase , but on the wall , not the stair . suddenly , a rusting metal door be reveal in the wall down which she roll . she roll into it and into the bloody jacuzzi room . she grab a hang chain , but can not hang on . she drop into the murky water . she slowly turn with utter distaste . freddy where you goin ' , piglet ? the party 's just start . Alice , startle , quickly regains she composure . alice I know exactly what you be up to , krueger ! freddy gee , Alice , I think I be up to ... yvonne ! he plunge he arm beneath the surface and yank yvonne up by the hair . she sputter and choke , gasp for air . freddy laugh . Alice be take by surprise . she steel herself . alice let she go . freddy cackle and dunk yvonne savagely . freddy go once . go twice . freddy and yvonne he hoist she closer , until they face be a inch apart . he lick yvonne 's cheek . she do not know whether to scream or throw up . then freddy slowly run a claw across she breast , leave a thin trail of blood . Alice circle freddy until she be on the opposite side from yvonne . alice I be the a , the L , the i , c ,e . we be three together ... yvonne 's eye swivel to Alice in recognition . as Alice speak , she grab a jacuzzi / pool instrument ( a skimmer , a harpoon - shape window hook ) ... alice and yvonne and that 's the way it 's gonna be ! and as they speak , she flail freddy across the stomach , while yvonne execute a backflip ( as previously see in she diving sequence ) out of freddy 's grasp and on to dry land . freddy stagger back and disappear into the jacuzzi . Alice and yvonne run back into the asylum and slam the door behind they on the now empty jacuzzi . we cut back inside the jacuzzi to see freddy 's hand emerge and pull under he still - bob hat . yvonne and alice sprawle on the corridor floor where they land . yvonne turn to Alice , they throw they arm around each other . alice be you alright ? yvonne ( nod , collect herself ) yeah ... so that 's he . and you be not crazy . Alice and yvonne share a weary , rueful smile . Alice pull yvonne to she foot . alice we have get to find amanda . she 's the key . int . mark room - later Mark lay on the floor , still propped up on one elbow , read the comic . bore , he push it away . notice on nearby which he have not see before . pull it over the comic' cover have something very familiar on it ... freddy 's claw , in mid - scratch , as though it be tear the cover open . written across the top in drip letter be the title : nightmare on you STREET . MARK intrigue , roll hover on he stomach and open the comic with both hand . his expression change as he see in the comic draw in black and white , a comic book style representation of greta 's death sequence ! MARK begin to flip back through the comic book . intercut he horrify reaction with the comic book the b&w illustration depict the other mayhem that freddy have already cause . Dan 's death and yvonne 's dive . MARK you shitty son of a bitch ! there be a draw of he , lie on the floor , read a comic book . the draw be follow by several blank frame . MARK stare a moment , touch the first empty frame , then he turn a line drawing and begin to unravel into the comic book ! black and white a whirlwind of black and white comic swirl round and round , slowly abate to reveal MARK in color , back against a wall of black and white freddyize scaffold . ( Mark will be the only thing in color throughout the sequence . ) he look around , amaze . pull back to reveal he 's stand in a corner make by two wall of scaffold . they tower above he , rusting , decrepit , hold together at odd angle -- a nightmarish cross between Mark 's comic-stuffed rack and the one in he father 's workshop . Mark look around , frighten . start climb he way up and out . freezes when he hear ... rip ! Mark look through the scaffold and see freddy on the other side , rip through the scaffold support as though they be make of paper , cut he way to Mark freddy time to cut another character out of the story ! MARK eye go wide . he jump down . turn around . see the tower wall of scaffold stretch ahead of he to seem infinity . he race away . angle on MARK run away from camera down a enormous canyon of freddyized rack . the canyon of rack - down angle look down from far above we see Mark frantically racing through the canyon . freddy step into the canyon behind he . Long shadow stretch out before they . MARK slide to a halt as he come face to face with a dead end . no way out . he turn as he hear freddy cackle . black and white freddy laugh as he reach out and grab the scaffold on either side of he . his finger and claw plunge through the paper rack . freddy cackle with laughter , then start racing like a missile toward Mark ! black and white freddy - side angle tracking with freddy as he rush down the aisle , riding a skateboard , rip and tear through the rack support . angle on MARK at the dead end . camera race right toward he ! he raise he arm against the impending collision . through mark hand as we see black and white freddy 's leer face loom right into camera about to crash right into MARK ! then on MARK freddy 's go ! Mark lower he arm , amaze and relieved . but he relief evaporate as camera quickly track around and we see the scaffold begin to collapse from the far end of the canyon forward , fall like domino toward we on MARK - down angle as ton after ton of scaffold and shelf crash down around he , trapping he at the dead end corner . MARK look at all the destruction around he . suddenly , splat ! something red drip onto he from above . he look up . on the scaffolding behind MARK - low angle the shelf that be stuff with comic a second ago have become a wall of doll ; everything from barbie to raggedy ann . then , about halfway up , b&w freddy step into view , drag a greta doll in a high chair with he . ( they be the same size as the other doll around they . ) greta 's porcelain face and stomach bear large crack , through which a evil , soupy , red goop ooze out . she stare imploringly at Mark . speak through crack lip . greta Mark ... help I ...! MARK stare up at she , horrify . freddy and greta freddy teasingly scoops he claw finger into greta 's torso . lovingly lick she red goop off the end of he claw . freddy be she delicious or be I crazy ? try a bite . he laugh . then give she a shove . the high chair tilt forward , then topple off the scaffold . MARK scream in frustration and rage . MARK no ! close on mark sneaker as they step back out of shot . greta , now a tiny porcelain doll , smashes to the floor , explode into fragment . MARK stare down at the shattered fragment of tiny greta . outrage begin to crawl across he feature . black and white freddy leap off the scaffold to Mark , below . on mark back shaking with anger and rage . freddy drop down into the foreground behind he . chortle smugly as he raise he claw for the kill . suddenly , Mark whirl around , and as he do he be no longer Mark , but the phantom prowler ( in color ) MARK ( cont would ) payback time , you scarface limpdick . he glare menacingly at freddy as he raise two futuristic pistol . aim point blank into krueger 's chest and start blast away ! black and white freddy eye open in wide surprise . wad of confetti fly out of the hole be hammer into he . the impact knock freddy to the ground . angle on phantom prowler gun smoking , he advance on Black and White freddy who lie unmove in foreground . suddenly ... whoosh ! black and white freddy leap to he foot ! he be now transformed into super freddy , a bulk up , rippling muscle freddy krueger . he stand with he hand on he hip , like a comic book hero . freddy faster than a bastard maniac ! the phantom prowler quickly raise he gun again . fire ! freddy ( cont would ) more powerful than a loco madman ... it 's - laugh as bullet bounce off he . freddy ( cont would ) ( pose ) I ! then he whip he claw hand up , swiping out toward camera ! close on mark back as freddy 's claw rip and tear through it . the tear wide and grow until we be look right through he at ... freddy 's hideous face ! pull back to reveal the now paper Mark . as freddy continue to slash he to shred , the color begin to drain out of Mark and run onto the floor . close shot - freddy claw cutting paper move through a series of shot of Black and White freddy cut Mark to shred . his mouth open in soundless scream . freddy ( cont would ) told ya comic book be bad for ya . fluttering piece of paper fill the air . they float down . follow they as they move together towards the open comic book on the floor of Mark 's room . close on comic book the piece of paper reassemble , fill the empty frame of the book with the illustrate version of Mark 's death . pull back from the comic and we see Mark lie on the floor next to it , crushed to death beneath a section of he collapse shelving . the color that drain from the phantom prowler be now a grow pool of Mark 's own blood . camera continue to pull back and we see the rest of he room be unharme , except for a single set of shelf near Mark that teeter dangerously . in the background , Alice lie on the bed still sleep . but as we continue back , we see that Mark 's room be now part of the asylum corridor . we can hear Alice 's voice , speak to yvonne off screen . alice ( o.s. ) in the dream , she be stand in a room . continue pulling back as Alice 's voice grow louder . alice ( cont would ) ... it must be here in the asylum . yvonne you think that 's the place she 's bury ? alice if they actually bother to bury she . keep pulling back until camera reveal ... alice and yvonne stand in foreground in the corridor . we see the back of Alice 's head as she look at yvonne . before she can answer , the crash of Mark 's teeter bookshelve cause they to turn back toward the scene of the carnage . Mark 's lifeless body lie beneath all the scaffold . Alice clutches she belly in pain . alice ( cont would ) nooo !!! Alice see herself on the bed in Mark 's room . Alice on the bed become awake . at that moment , both she and yvonne vanish from the corridor , yank out of the dream . int . campus swimming pool - night yvonne 's eye snap OPEN as she come awake with a start . she quickly glance around , realize where she be , then hurriedly rise from the water ext . grey' construction - night Police car be park out in front , they twirling light strobing the scene red and blue as a small crowd of onlooker gather to watch Mark , in body bag , be wheeled into a wait coroner 's van . alice and her father emerge from the big commercial door . he have he arm around she , nodd to plain clothes cop who follow they out . cop nothing in the room be up to code . it 's a miracle you both be not kill . Alice 's red-rimme eye flash with momentary anger . she realize something . alice no , he will not hurt I . he need I alive . cop who ? Alice just shake she head , know he would not understand . cop ( cont would ) ( to Alice 's father ) take she home . she probably need some rest . the cop turn away . Alice 's father nod , start lead she toward the street . angle on STREET as yvonne 's car rapidly pull to the curb . alice see she . shrug free of she father 's arm and run toward the street alice yvonne ! alice and yvonne alice ( cont would ) I know what krueger 's do . every time someone die , he get closer to finish ! yvonne what ? alice Jacob . we have get to get to amanda before it 's too late . Alice lead yvonne back to she car . they start to climb in . int . yvonne's car yvonne jump behind the wheel . Alice get into the passenger side , she door still open . Beyond it , we see she father approach . yvonne but how be we gonna -- alice we have get to go to the asylum and find she body . Mark say she soul 's trap with it -- that 's why she can not come to I . it must be ! alice' dad ( approach ) Alice ! alice and her father - at the car door alice I have get to go . alice' dad ( adamant ) no ! I will not have you run around in the middle of the night . you be come home . alice but dad -- alice' dad now . Alice reluctantly nod . turn to yvonne . alice find amanda . and hurry . Alice 's father pull she from yvonne 's car . hold on yvonne a beat , watch she go . then she start the engine . slam the car into gear with determine purpose . int . alice' house - night Alice and she father enter . she 's frustrated and angry . he give she a stern paternal look . alice' dad now I want you to go upstairs and get some sleep . Alice think . then nod , suddenly give in . alice you be right . that 's exactly what I need to do . her father be take aback . he grin . alice' dad it be ... Alice kiss he on the cheek , then head for the stair . ext . rear asylum - pre-dawn extreme wide shot with the step in foreground . headlight sweep over they revealing that they be overgrown with weed and cluttere with trash . ext . rear asylum - pre-dawn close on gargoyle its face smashed and erode by year of neglect and vandalism . track left to see yvonne 's car at the bottom of the step . yvonne close the trunk , then start up the step , toward camera , carry a flashlight and some tool . on the asylum door board up . yvonne step into shot , pause before they . she look up at something high above she . the tower - low angle rise high into the first ray of dawn . the pale sky be reflect in the three window at the top . yvonne stare at it , realize something . she turn back to the door and climb in through a gap in the board . int . real asylum corridor - pre-dawn early morning light flow in through the window , illuminate the corridor , revealing year of neglect . graffiti adorn the peel wall . leave and broken bottle be strewn across the floor , even a few empty cardboard box , the makeshift home of transient , rest among the clutter . yvonne walk into shot , toward camera , shine she flashlight around , move cautiously until she pass camera and we ... int . asylum corridor - reverse angle the dream version of the corridor . Alice walk past camera into shot . she shout for freddy . alice come on out , krueger ! the game 's over . I know what you be up to . closer on alice she wear a look of grim determination as she taunt freddy . alice ( cont would ) I be too strong for you . so you pick on Jacob , you bastard ! another corridor Alice come around the corner , stalking into shot . she look around for krueger , shouting as she head for the stair to the tower room at the end of the corridor . alice ( cont would ) you be try to tailor make he so you can live through he dream for the rest of he life . Alice halt . glare around the wall and door . alice ( cont would ) well I will not let you ! you hear I , krueger ! nothing . Alice start up the stair that lead to the brick wall . alice ( cont would ) if you will not talk to I , maybe you would like to talk to amanda . top of the stair Alice stand before the wall . lay both she hand against the brick . alice ( cont would ) amanda ! ( louder ) sister amanda krueger ! int . real asylum corridor - pre-dawn yvonne stand at the top of the stair face the same brick wall in the real asylum . she heft a pick , and swing at the brick . there be a loud thunk ! int . asylum - tight on alice at the top of the stair . the thunk echoe eerily , as though from a long way off . suddenly we hear freddy 's cry of rage from off screen . Alice whip around ! freddy - flash cut charge toward she down the corridor . flashes of light ( bang ! ) kick he further along , closer to camera . alice rush down the stair , and run toward the next corridor in front of she . charge around the corner . angle on alice she charge toward the open metal door to the room of one hundre maniac . they insane moan drift out into the corridor . Alice throw a taunt back to freddy . alice come on you fuck coward ! freddy race around the same corner . Alice be no longer there . freddy slide to a halt as he recognize the doorway that lead to the hundre maniac . they moan rise , grow louder as freddy stand before the gape doorway transfix by fear . he do not hear ... reverse angle camera rush towards freddy 's backside . we hear the SOUND of squeaking , rusty wheel . then a voice building to a high pitch scream ! alice scream as she charge toward freddy with the black , nasty freddy stroller . she hit he from behind ! freddy scream as he 's impale on spike protrude from the front of the stroller ! angle on alice and freddy Alice charge with the stroller toward camera like a juggernaut from hell . freddy struggle to free himself , arm and leg flail wildly . at the door to the maniac Alice give the stroller a might shove ! freddy and stroller fly through the open doorway . bounce against the rial at the top of the landing . over alice' shoulder as freddy fly down the stair , separate from the stroller . freddy tumble toward camera , scream ! bottom of stair freddy look around in horror as he father surround he and literally begin to tear he to piece . freddy scream ! alice gaze down in victory . alice ( cont would ) goodnight , asshole . on freddy and the maniac they tear he apart . a arm fly here . a leg there . as each limb hit the floor , it turn into a scuttling mass of GREEN and red stripe spider . alice close she eye , relieved , but not really want to see this . as freddy 's o.s. scream recede , hold on alice suddenly , one of the stripe spider drop onto Alice 's coat from above . she scream and jump back , as other land and begin scuttling up she sleeve . with a scream of revulsion she tear off she jacket and begin stamp on it . jacob ( o.s. ) mommy , meet my friend ... Alice turn and look back through the doorway to see the asylum corridor - the escher maze now a escheresque , expressionistic landscape . a puzzle world make up of bit of freddy 's boiler room , the asylum corridor and tower , the elm Street house interior , the abandon church , etc . it 's a insane , logic-defy world where water run uphill and stair and door stand at impossible angle to one another . across everything , freddy 's boiler , on a huge pendulum , swing back and forth , count cadence . jacob and freddy stand in a far doorway before a flight of stair . freddy have be transformed . he and Jacob now both have the same ethereal glow . freddy grin , sardonically . freddy just what I really need . thank you . it 's a whole new I . like it ? alice dread rise inside she , leave the asylum and step into escherland . the boiler pendulum swing across camera , wiping frame to close on freddy and jacob he take Jacob 's hand . laugh , savore the irony . freddy ( cont would ) kid 's get my profile ! int . real asylum corridor yvonne swing again with the pick , knock another brick loose . through the hole that she 's make we can see the rotting board on a door . int . escher maze close on alice as she step through the door and move into the maze . camera follow she , then stop as Alice move past . pan with Alice as she look up at freddy and she son . Jacob look apprehensive . jacob mommy ...? alice come on downstairs . he will not hurt you . he need we both . freddy I have get you both . freddy make a threaten , teasing motion . freddy ( cont would ) which half would you like ? alice come on , Jacob . time to go home . the boiler pendulum arc across frame . close on freddy and jacob - low angle Jacob look up at he . hesitates . then run down the stair toward camera . freddy quickly turn and charge up the stair . wide angle on escher maze Alice be a small figure near she door in the background . Jacob race toward she , away from camera . freddy , upside down , rush across top of frame , try to head Jacob off . close on jacob run toward camera . suddenly , freddy pop into frame , upside down , right behind he ! another angle on jacob terrify . running toward we for all he 's worth ! camera tilt up to freddy take a swipe at he with he claw ! side angle on jacob ( crave -inn ) he 's almost to he mother when ... he hear a off screen voice that stop he in he track voice ( o.s. ) Jacob ... jacob turn wider angle back of Alice 's head in foreground watch as Jacob turn and look back at Dan ! close on alice ( escher maze ) her eye open wide . the man she love , the man she think she would never see again , be right before she . we see the confusion and long in she face ... alice ( to herself ) Dan ?... close on dan ( crave -inn ) wear a warm , reassure smile as he move toward camera . dan it 's all right , Jacob ... come to daddy . angle through glass floor ( crave -inn ) look up as Dan walk across the lens toward Jacob , he arm outstretch to the boy . close on jacob hesitate . unsure . Dan enter frame . his hand move toward Jacob ... close on alice she fight back confusion and realize alice ( shouting ) he 's not you father ! tight on dan' outstretched hand suddenly bone like claw emerge from dan 's fingertip ! jacob turn and run ! freddy kid ! always a disappointment . freddy / dan snarl , enraged and charge after Jacob . int . escher maze Jacob run for Alice , who pick he up in she arm as he reach she . as she see freddy approach , she turn and run . int . asylum basement Alice find herself at the end of the staircase which she have run down . she stand in the vast , impossibly large crypt beneath the asylum . huge , ancient column inscribe with hieroglyphic and indent with the face of dead soul support the roof far above . one staircase lead to the asylum through which the soul of the maniac can be hear and another , apparently , lead to the real world : Alice 's bathroom . alice' Pov as she put Jacob down and turn to face freddy . but he 's nowhere to be see . Alice whirl around look for he . on jacob he brow furrow in think . alice where be he ? jacob ( pause before answer ) he 's inside you , where he hide . alice look at he in amazement . alice what do you mean ? jacob it 's where he hide out . Inside . that 's how he find I . alice a look of horrify realization cross she face . alice but how ...? jacob ( interrupt ) he say it 's easy . especially with sad people . with close - off people . alice stare at Jacob thoughtfully . a look of determination dawns on she face . alice all right , krueger . this time it 's for keep . int . asylum basement suddenly , Alice get a new look of horror in she eye as she face begin to distort . the back of freddy 's head begin to emerge though Alice 's face . it keep come until he entire neck and head pull itself out and stare at she . freddy come on , Alice . now we can really get to know each other . Alice stare at he in disgust and terror . grab he head and shout at the top of she lung . alice no !!! the struggle begin . freddy shoot a arm out from behind she shoulder and try to grab Alice in a headlock . he 's try to take over from the inside out ! freddy 's leg push its way out through she calf . his other arm snake out from she torso . tries to choke she . she scream out in desperation and rage . int . real asylum corridor close on inside of door as a brick tumble loose and fall toward camera . yvonne 's face appear , peer into the gloom . int . asylum basement Alice drop to she knee , fall through frame until she face fill the screen in a open-mouthed scream of anguish and pain . alice get out ! get out !! angle on alice bath in a stream of light from the shattered church window above she . we hear freddy 's laugh come from inside she . int . real asylum - stair yvonne furiously pick and pries away at the brick , try to widen the hole she 's make at the bottom of the door . she get down on she hand and knee before the hole she 's make in the brick . she push against the crack and rotting board of the door . they will not give ... int . asylum basement Alice and freddy lock in combat . int . real asylum - stair yvonne throw herself at the board of the door . they split under the impact and she fly into the room . she get to she knee and stare in awe at sister amanda kneel on the dust cover floor , she back to yvonne . yvonne get to she foot and cautiously approach . on amanda - from behind as yvonne warily step into shot , she hand slowly stretch out toward the nun 's back . as yvonne be about to lay she hand on Armada 's shoulder yvonne and amanda - side angle amanda begin turn . cut to wide shot outside amanda 's open door . everything explode toward camera - include yvonne . int . asylum basement on jacob cry as he watch Alice , who be obviously lose the fight with freddy . amanda 's voice , close by , suddenly cut through the sound of the struggle . amanda ( o.s. ) Jacob ! Alice will not triumph . Jacob look up and around , puzzle . amanda be nowhere to be see . again , he hear she voice as if she be stand behind he . amanda ( o.s. cont would ) only you can help she now , Jacob . with a snarl of anger , as if dismiss the think , Jacob bound up the bridge toward the struggle couple . jacob hey ! leave she . she 's no fun anymore . I want to go home now . freddy look at Jacob . he see a different boy , now . a nasty evil expression on he face . close - up - jacob he face begin to change . subtly at first , then not as he be become more like freddy . jacob ( cont would ) ( in he freddy 's child voice ) let 's go , I want to learn stuff from you . ( a freddy leer cross he face ) will you teach I ? freddy at first look suspicious , then smile and extricate himself from Alice who be look at Jacob in horror . freddy give she a obscene kiss as he separate from she . she sink to the ground exhaust and beat . freddy approach Jacob who smile evilly . suddenly freddy stop . he snarl as he see something behind Jacob . Jacob turn and see amanda , far above , silhouett in the doorway to the asylum . amanda now , Jacob ! unleash the power he have give you ! Jacob turn back and look at freddy . jacob ( freddyize ) fuck you , krueger as he speak , he mouth grow larger , impossibly large . a violent wind appear to be rush from he . finally with a roar , the decrepit soul of dan , greta and MARK rush from he and hurl themselves upon freddy . the ectoplasmic trio strike freddy full in the chest , rip through he and emerge from he back . as they doe so , they pull he backwards towards amanda . on jacob as the last of the soul leave he , he face return to normal and he fall out of frame , apparently dissolve as he do so . on freddy howling in anguish as he be drag back . close up freddy 's foot be drag . close up freddy 's back bulg as the soul drag he along . close up freddy 's sleeve as the hand begin to disappear inwards . amanda come home , my son . all of we be wait for you now . suddenly , with a sicken wrench , the freddy fetus be rip out of he back . close up freddy 's clothes fall to the floor in a heap . close up the freddy fetus emerge from a steaming pile of ectoplasm , malevolently glaring at amanda . on alice as she see the new baby jacob emerge from he pile of clothes on the floor , she rush to he and pick he up , cradling he tenderly in she arm . on amanda who seize the freddy fetus and hold it to she . amanda ( cont would ) I forgive you , my son . intercut as the two mother simultaneously merge with they off - spring . amanda shudder in silent agony as she accept she son back inside she . as Alice receive Jacob , a optical effect surround they as he be absorb . the effect coalesc into a single column of light which drive upwards , finally fade as the soul of Dan , Mark and greta take they leave . Alice look across at amanda and start towards she , instinctively . amanda be now silhouett again in the doorway to the room of the maniac . amanda ( cont would ) do not come near . take you son and leave . on amanda sadly she turn to leave . we think the fight be over , when suddenly , grotesquely appear from she back , freddy 's arm shoot out . amanda gasp and clutches the doorway . as a look of determination cross she face , the arm be suck back inside . a muffle howl of anguish echoe around as she step through the doorway into the room of 100 maniac . the SOUND of the maniac rise to a crescendo . a series of door start with the one in front of amanda , slam shut , one after the next until the final door - right in front of Alice slam close blocking her off forever from amanda ! we hear the echo of that final slam , then silence . alice stand there , stare at the last door . the sound of a crying infant come up on the track ext . park - day bucolic . sunny . serene . a picnic table rest beneath the shade of a tree in middle foreground . Beyond it , child romp and play . the infant 's crying grow louder as a baby arm move into extreme foreground and stop . two female arm reach in and lift a crying , cherubic infant . follow the arm up to Alice , as she tenderly cradle jacob . yvonne step into shot admire the baby . yvonne you do good work , Alice . alice so do dan. camera track as they move to the picnic table . Alice gently shush and rock Jacob , who quiet down . yvonne he sure love to stay awake . alice that 's okay . he 's get the rest of he life to catch up on he sleep . Jacob close he eye , safely ensconce in he mother 's arm , and drift off to sleep . alice ( cont would ) sweet dream , Jacob Daniel . slowly dolly back - slow motion as a jump rope hold by someone off screen arc over the top of camera move down through the frame with a whoosh . and again , whoosh . and again ... then the back of a child be head , very white and soft focus , bob into bottom frame as the rope come down over the lens one more time and we fade out . ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;