a nightmare on elm Street 3 : dream Warrior a screenplay by : wes craven and Bruce wagner fade in : a completely black screen . the following quote be supere : " sleep . that little slice of death . how I loathe they . " -- Edgar allan poe fade to : int . bedroom - night Warren Zevon 's " I will sleep when I be Dead " blare from a radio as we begin a closup montage : closeup - a young girl hand dip a strip of newspaper into a bowl of paper mache mix . closeup - the wetted paper be apply to a paper mache surface , and a popsicle stick be press into place . ( we be too tight to see the object be construct . ) closeup - kristen parker Kristen ( 16 ) be strikingly pretty , despite the dark , tired circle under she eye . she 's exhaust , but desperately try to stay awake . she wear pajamas and robe . her head nod , she eyelid close . she snap herself awake . closeup - the radio she turn the volume up even louder . closeup - the clock it 's 1:20 a.m. closeup - a jar of folger' coffee crystal she scoops out a spoonful . closeup - kristen she put the spoonful of coffee crystal in she mouth and chase it down with a swig of diet Coke . closeup - paper mache another piece be apply . closeup - kristen nodding off again . she rouse herself angrily . wider angle the bedroom door open and she mother enter . elaine parker , late 30' , be dress in a expensive evening gown that carefully display she asset . she snap the radio off . elaine be you crazy ? you will wake the whole neighborhood ! kristen ( bleary - eye ) hi Mom . elaine do not " hi Mom " I . what be you still do up ? it 's past one ! kristen I think I would wait for you . elaine ( soften ) well , I be home now , so you can go right to sleep . c'mon , angel . kristen it 's okay , I be not tired . really . elaine ( turn down the bed ) Kristen , do not start with I . you know what you shrink say ... kristen ( sullen ) he 's full of shit . elaine I be not go to let you get I into a argument , goddamn it . not tonight . now get in bed . Kristen do as she 's tell . her mother go to the door and reach for the light switch . kristen ( a soft plea ) Mom ? I be still have this awful dream . a man' voice come from downstairs : man ( o.s. ) Elaine ? where do you keep the bourbon ? elaine I will be right down ! ( to Kristen ) look honey , I have get a guest . kristen and you do not want to keep he wait . elaine that 's right . I do not . the door close , shutting Kristen into darkness . she lie in bed , blink back angry tear . she turn on she side , she gaze fall on : the paper mache object it be a miniature house glow weirdly in th moonlight . a crude , homemade replica of the elm Street House . closeup - kristen stare at the tiny house , hearing she mother 's faint laughter downstairs . Kristen begin to nod off , though she 's fight it . a breeze start up , rustling she hair . leave fall across she pillow and face . her mother 's laughter fade out , replace by the eerie giggling of small child . she awake with a start . camera slowly pull back , craning up to reveal : Kristen 's bed sit in the middle of the dark , desert street in front of the elm Street House . small child be play on the lawn . the boy be dress in suit , the girl in party dress . they be jump rope and chant a singsong : child one , two , freddy 's come for you , three , four , better lock you door , five , six , grab you crucifix ... kristen get out of bed and approach the child , transfix . ... except for one eerily pretty little girl sit on she red tricycle near the front door , hair billow in the breeze as she stare at Kristen . little girl hello . what 's you name ? kristen Kristen . what 's yours ? the Little girl giggle and smile shyly , but do not answer . kristen ( cont . ) what be this place ? the wind kick up , moaning . we hear the SOUND of wind chime . the wind chime tinkling in the wind . the " chime " be long razor . kristen react . another angle the front door of the house creak open behind the Little girl . darkness within . little girl ( sadly ) I have to go now . bye . ringing the bell on the handlebar , she pedal she tricycle through the door and be swallow by the darkness inside . kristen wait ! do not go in there ! too late . Kristen stand alone . Fighting she fear , she approach the house . int . elm STREET house - night Kristen enter . the place be barren , empty . Broken window , flaking paint , rotted wall . leave skitter across the floor . kristen Little girl ! the child they sense she presence and turn they vacant , stare eye toward she . they scatter , vanish into the shadow ... she hear the jingling of the tricycle bell and the giggling of the Little girl echoing faintly from deep inside the house . then silence again . Kristen try to follow the sound . another angle Kristen come around a corner just in time to see : her Pov a quick glimpse of the Little girl vanish around the corner at the far end of a long , twisted corridor . the wall be streak with rust ... or perhaps dry blood . kristen she keep follow . be lead . another angle Kristen come around a corner and find herself face a heavy steel door that be just close wiht a solid metallic clang . the rivete metal seem out of place in the rotted wood house . Kristen go to the door and pull it slowly open . a stairway lead down into darkness . stairway Kristen carefully make she way down the metal step . int . boiler room Kristen fearfully enter freddy 's decrepit lair . ancient rusted boiler stand cold and silent in the shadow . the soft jingle of the tricycle draw Kristen 's attention . another angle the Little girl pedal out of the darkness and come to a stop before Kristen . little girl this be where he take we . there be a screech of metal . Kristen whirl and see : a boiler the rusted furnace door be swinging open , metal grate on metal . Inside , the char bone of child lie in heaps of cold ash . a tricycle lie in the carnage , identical to the Little girl 's -- only char . kristen horrify . suddenly , a metal door slam loudly in the darkness . thudding footstep approach , booming closer . the little girl look up at Kristen with sad eye . little girl ( eerily calm ) freddy 's home . the boiler furnace now alive with roaring flame . the tricycle 's paint bubbles and scorch in the intense heat . kristen scoops the Little girl into she arm and run in blind terror . she glance back over she shoulder to see : freddy loom from the row of boiler , a indistinct silhouette in the hellish smoke and flame . his maniacal laughter echoes through the chamber . kristen duck through a doorway into another room , still carry the Little girl . int . room a hundred teenage body hang from the ceiling , strung up in the darkness like butcher meat . kristen gaze in horror . she look down at the Little girl cradle in she arm -- she be now a horribly char , brittle corpse . suddenly , she tiny mouth burst open , emit a ghastly , ear-splitt scream ! SHOCK CUT to : closeup - kristen as she sit bolt upright in bed , panting in terror , face bath in sweat . she look around , recognize she own room . she get out of bed and walk unsteadily to the bathroom . int - bathroom she click on the light and look at she reflection in the mirror . still tremble , she run water in the sink and splashes she face , try to calm down . the water become too hot . steam rise . she try to turn the water off , but the pressure increase . more steam . closeup - kristen she fiddle with the handle , confuse . as she turn it , the four-pronged handle suddenly spring to life , grasp she hand . kristen gasp and look up . freddy 's face grin out at she from the mirror . she scream . steam billow up . the sink the other faucet handle begin to flex and stretch , turn into freddy 's claw hand . finger razor grow . kristen scream , struggle to break free . freddy leer from the mirror , laugh . the claw hand rise up into frame , poise to slash Kristen 's expose wrist . closeup - kristen scream as the blade slash downward . closeup - freddy grinning as a spray of blood hit the mirror . the bathroom door burst open , revealing Kristen 's mother . she scream . reverse angle - the bathroom no steam . the mirror and sink be normal ... except for the thin streak of spatter blood . Kristen turn to she mother , slowly waking from she dream . she hold a bloody razor in she hand . her wrist be slashed . kristen ( daze , weak ) mommy ...? she collapse . CUT to : ext . westin hill psychiatric hospital - day isolate and somewhat gothic , it 's a enormous multi-winged structure build by the Catholic Church in the 1920' . a belltower be centerpiece to several rambling wing . originally a insane asylum , it be now a modernize state- run facility . a iron fence surround the sprawling grounds . int . hospital - adolescent wing - day dollying with max , the burly black Chief orderly , as he make he morning round . he wheel a roll cart contain a variety of medication down the hall . a newscaster's voice come from the small portable radio dangle from the cart : newscaster in local now , two more teenage death have occur -- both suicide . County health official be at a loss to explain this alarming trend -- grimace , Max switch to a music station as doctor neil goldman ( early 30' ) , bright and intense , fall in step . neil ( absorb in a clipboard of patient 's chart ) nothing like a little cheery news to start the day . max say listen , Doc . I get a new theory about all this suicide . neil do not hold back on we , Max . we need all the help we can get . max fucked up chromosome , man . think about it . they parent all drop acid in the sixty . neil it beat Dr. simm 's theory . she think it 's nothing but sex , drug , and rock & roll . max shit , that 's what keep people alive . Max exit frame . Neil continue on . jennifer , a girl of 14 , approach . neil good morning , Jennifer . jennifer Morning , Doctor Goldman . neil how 's you hand ? she extend she hand for inspection -- it be scar with cigarette burn . she point to three different welt . jennifer menthol , regular , ultra-light . neil they be heal up nicely . jennifer I have be good . when do I get cigarette privelege back ? neil do not hold you breath . Jennifer shrug . it be worth a try . she move on . taryn , a 17 year old blonde , approach . she appear exhaust , dark tired circle under she eye . neil hi taryn . you do not look so hot , kid . be get any sleep ? she ignore he . Neil watch she float past , then jot a note on he clipboard . neil ( cont . ) do not think so . another angle Neil come to the quiet room and peer through the small mesh - grid window . neil be Pov - ( quiet room ) kincaid , a enormous and powerful - look 17 year old with a shave head be huddle in the corner of the white padded room , gaze at nothing . neil - ( hallway ) make a notation on he clipboard . doctor elizabeth simm , the hospital superior , appear at he elbow . simm how be he ? neil cool down . simm if he continue have this outburst , I will have to have he isolate permanently . neil do not worry , it will not come to that . they exit frome . camera push up to the mesh - grid window of the quiet room for a shot of kincaid . closeup - kincaid - ( quiet room ) he stare into space , sing softly under he breath . kincaid I be not gonna dream no more , no more , I be not gonna dream no more . all night long I sing this song , ' cause I be not gonna dream no more ... dollying with neil and simm - ( hallway ) neil I read the report on we new staff member . simm what do you think ? neil frankly , I do not understand why some grad school superstar be be treat like a seasoned pro . simm she 's be do ground - break research on pattern nightmare . neil Elizabeth , we do not need any outside help . I know this kid . I do not want some hot - shot take chance with they just so she can get publish . simm be about to say more , but be interrupt by : p.a. voice Doctor Goldman to examination , stat . they hurry down the hall . nurse ' station Kristen 's mother , near hysteria , be loudly berate a nurse . elaine do not give I that shit ! she 's just try to get attention , that 's all ! I be not play she little game any - more ! Neil and simm rush past into the examination room . int . examination room Neil and simm burst into a chaotic struggle . Kristen be go berserk , fight the staff as they try to restrain she and wrestle she onto a gurney -- the gurney go crash into the wall . a frantic nurse address Neil : nurse suicide attempt . they just bring she in from County General ! neil what 's she name ? nurse Kristen parker . she be fine until we try to sedate she . her face contort with terror , Kristen kick and bite and scratch as orderlies try to pin she . orderly watch it ! she tore she stiches out ! neil Kristen , we want to help you ! another angle Max enter and take immediate control . he shove everybody out of the way , spin Kristen effortlessly around , and pin she arm firmly from behind . she try to struggle , but he 's too strong . she weaken . max ( compassionate ) calm down , baby sister , that 's enough nonsense for now . Neil take a hypo from the nurse and approach Kristen slowly . neil Kristen , I be Doctor Goldman . I be not go to hurt you . I be just go to give you something to help you sleep . kristen go berserk again and kick Neil in the stomach . Max be throw off balance and crash into a roll cart -- medical instrument shower to the floor . Kristen grab a pair of wick - look surgical scissors . she slashes at max 's hand , draw blood . neil back off , Max ! Kristen huddle into a corner , ready to skewer anybody who get close . a tense stand - off . neil ( cont . ) Kristen , put the scissors down ! no - body 's gonna hurt you ! but the girl make no move to drop she guard . she start rock back and forth , come apart at the seam , moan a little song : kristen five , six , grab you crucifix ... seven , eight , better stay up late ... nine , ten , never ... never ... she can not seem to find the word in she confuse mind . nancy ( o.s. ) never sleep again . reverse angle instant silence in the room . all eye go to nancy thompson stand in the doorway . she 's a young woman now , possess beauty and great inner strength . she hair still bear the white streak . she speak as if come out of a trance : nancy who teach you that rhyme ? kristen her eye be lock with Nancy 's . nancy the staff member part before she as she walk to Kristen . she take the scissors from Kristen 's hand . Kristen fall into Nancy 's arm , sobbing . neil stare at Nancy in amazement . CUT to : int . hospital cafeteria - day Neil and Nancy be finish a late lunch in the nearly desert cafeteria . nancy tell I about the kid . neil you will get to meet they all tomorrow . they're ... survivor . in a way . all severely sleep disorder . insomnia , narcolepsy , bedwetting ... nancy but nightmare be the common thread ? neil right . they seem to share a group delusion , a " boogeyman " for lack of a better word . they be so traumatize , they will do anything not to sleep . nancy anything ? neil ( play with he coffee ) we lose a kid about a month ago to fairview . I do not know where he get the razor ... but he cut off he own eyelid to stay awake . nancy oh god. neil ever work with vet ? ( Nancy shake she head ) this kid act like they have get d.s.s. -- delay stress syndrome . if I do not know better , I would swear they would see heavy combat . nancy I would not be so sure they have not . neil what 's that suppose to mean ? she shrug , not answer . Neil let it pass . neil ( cont . ) ( change the subject ) by the way , that be great work with the new patient . pretty smooth for a intern . nancy I have have some experience with pattern nightmare . neil so I have be tell . practically a obsession of you . nancy call it a passion . ( glance at she watch ) I have get to get go . neil make sure to check in with Max , he will give you the 25 cent tour . she gather she thing . her purse fall over , scatter its content . a bottle of pill roll out . Neil help gather the item -- he pick up the pill . insert - pill bottle the label read : hypnocyl 60 mge . 1-2 tab for sleep . back to scene she take the pill and stuff they in she purse along with everything else . nancy thanks . see you in the morning . she be almost out the door when Neil call to she . neil Ms. Thompson . nancy call I Nancy . neil only if you call I Neil . what be that nursery rhyme all about ? nancy just something child sing ... to keep the boogeyman away . she exit . Neil stare after she thoughtfully . he Pov - long lens of the crowded hallway as Nancy turn and vanish from sight , a nun be a white habbit be reveal at the far end of the hallway -- she seem to be stare at he . people be wiping frame as they criss -cross the hallway , afford mere glimpsis of she . neil a bit slf-conscious . be the woman really stare at he ? he Pov - long lens people keep wiping frame as they bustle in the hallway . the nun be now go . neil frown , puzzle . he dismiss it and downs he last sip of coffee . CUT to : int . hospital - day Max be give Nancy a tour . max the whole wing 's devote to this program . that 's you office . nancy a little basic , but nice . max I will have a file cabinet in there before tomorrow . ( lead she down a hall ) the patient 's room be down here . Nancy pause at a open door , look into : int . phillip' room phillip , 16 , sit at a work table fashion the face of a homemade marionette out of clay . other marionette hang from the wall . a comical dog , a white knight , a clown , etc . max ( from doorway ) this be Phillip . we call he the Walker . nancy why be that ? phillip ' Cause I sleepwalk . a perfectly normal event that we illustrious staff love to theorize about endlessly . max Phillip , this be Nancy . phillip hi. welcome to the snake pit . nancy thanks . ( admire marionette ) Nice work . phillip they really oughtta be carve out of wood , but they will not let I have a knife . I might , you know ... ( mime slashing he wrist ) fffft ! max that lump over there be kincaid . kincaid be lie on a bed , read a comic book . max ( cont . ) take a close look . he get he ass throw in the quiet room so often , you probably will not see much of he . right , cool Breeze ? kincaid I do it so I do not have to look at you face all the time . max ( grin ) riiiigghht . Max and Nancy move on . int . hallway dollying with Max and Nancy . max they be good kid . but do not let them fool you . they be dangerous ... to themselves and each other . they exit frame . pan to joey , a want 16 year old watch they from around the corner . he have a tear drop draw in ink under one eye . a soft rythmic squeaking draw he attention . another angle marcie , a cute 19 year old candy - striper , be wheeling a cart to a laundry closet . as she begin to load the cart with clean towel , several fall to the floor . joey hurry over . closer angle joey pick up the towel and hold they out to marcie . she give he a bright smile . marcie why thank you , joey . joey grin mutely , obviously smitten . lorenzo , a cocky , handsome young orderly appear . lorenzo hey , marcie . this go to C Ward ? marcie yeah . lorenzo c'mon , I will walk you down . they start down the hall , the cart still squeaking rythmically . marcie turn back , give joey a smile and a wave . marcie see you later . joey smile weakly as he watch they go . CUT to : int . kristen' house - day Nancy guide Kristen 's mother through signing a sheaf of hospital form . Elaine be carefully and expensively dress in fashionable tennis clothes . nancy Mrs. parker , be Kristen act different ? do you notice anything strange before she make the attempt ? elaine Kristen specialize in strangeness . I have spend thousand on psychiatirist . nancy do she always have nightmare ? elaine they have get worse since I take away she credit card . nancy I be serious . elaine look , miss Thompson , I do not know what you want from I . nancy just some answer . there be other kid involved , its not just Kristen . all good kid , smark kid . elaine I be sorry to hear that , but you be the expert on this , not I . if I have any insight , believe I , I would share they with you . nancy I be sure you would . elaine ( rise ) now if you will excuse I , I have to get to the club . nancy I will need to take she thing . elaine the may pack a suitcase . ( call out ) Teresa ! Teresa ? nancy I will get it . please , I do not mind . elaine first door up the stair . int . kristen' bedroom - night Nancy enter and find the suitcase on the bed . as she turn to leave , she eye be catch by : the paper mache elm STREET house sit on Kristen 's draft table . nancy amaze . shaken . she reach out slowly , almost afraid to touch it . she pick it up . CUT to : int . neil be house - night Neil sit at a computer terminal in he study . he hook the modem to he phone and access a mainframe . the screen come to life , blink . he punch in a command . the screen a readout appear , tick down a endless list of drug category . neil work the keyboard , search for something . finally : the screen the glow green letter read : hypnocyl fda classification : experimental . effective for management of psychotic disorder . for sedation where dreamless sleep be consider optimal ; suppression of night terror . neil he shut down the computer and ease back in he chair . CUT to : int . nancy'' apartment - night Nancy sit in a thin , high - tech read chair , engross in Kristen 's medical file . the paper mache elm Street House sit on a table nearby . closeup - nancy Shee be start to nod off as she read . CUT to : int . hospital - kristen be room - night Kristen lie in bed , sketching on a newsprint pad with charcoal . a rendering of the elm Street House . she begin to nod out . she eye flutter close . camera dolly in tight on she face . we hear the distant , ghostly jingling of a tricycle bell . her eye slowly open . another angle Kristen watch , terrify , as a tricycle roll into the room by itself , leave bloody tire track . the same tricycle that belong to the Little girl . the tricycle come to a stop ... then begin to glow red-hot and melt , warping and sagging as if from a astonish inner heat . kristen get out of bed , edge past the ghastly melting apparition , and back out of the room . closeup - kristen as she back out the door , we see it be the red elm Street door . she pause , realize something be terribly wrong -- suddenly the door slam shut into camera . camera zoom out in a dizzying rush to reveal the elm Street House . Kristen be now trap inside . int . elm STREET house Kristen try to get out , but the door be lock . she turn , look for another mean of escape . we hear a faint buz . int . dine room Kristen enter . the buz be louder . her Pov - the dinner table the table be set for a formal dinner . the grotesque , rotted remain of a roast pig sit on a platter , cover with fly . kristen be revolt . the pig leap up , squealing . wider angle Kristen be suddenly pull down , vanish beneath the surface of the liquid floor . the furnishings remain , hang in they own gravity . underwater Kristen thrashes wildly in the the pitch - black water . she swim frantically , lung burst for air . impossible to tell which way be up . her Pov a door hang in watery limbo a short distance ahead . kristen swim for it . the door she clutches the ornate handle and strain to open the door . int . room ( other side of teh door ) the door swing open . Kristen emerge from a solid wall of water and step into the room . she be magically dry . reverse angle it be the elm Street live room , forebode and nearly barren of furniture . a large lump form under the rug at the far end of the room and undulate toward she sinuously . a long tubular shape . Kristen back away . the shape circle she aimlessly , then slither up the wall -- a huge , writhe entity travel within the wall surface . the shape arc back down toward the carpet and disappear below the floorline . Kristen turn about apprehensively , search for the mysterious entity . beat . suddenly , the creature erupt through the floor directly beneath she in a shower of wood splinter , engulf she leg as it rocket straight up . it slam back down like a whale surfacing , Kristen lock firmly in its jaw . the creature be a gigantic serpent / worm version of freddy , ribbed and organic , encrust with mucous and slime . its slaver jaw dislocate like a snake 's , the skin stretch grotesquely as it begin to swallow Kristen from the leg up . kristen ( scream ) nancy ! CUT to : int . nancy'' apartment - night e.c.u. Nancy doze . her eye flutter open as she hear a faint reverberation of Kristen 's call . low angle Nancy strain to listen -- all be silent now . uneasy , she rise from she chair ... but freeze in place as she hear the unearthly call again , brely discernable . she turn . the elm STREET house model the sound seem to emanate from the strange paper mache dollhouse . camera rush in tight as its tiny front door swing slowly open . nancy dollying in tight on her face as she put a hand to she head , a feel of dizziness suddenly wash over she . wider she sink back into she chair -- and keep right on go , impossibly suck away into the thin chair . she be go in the blink of a eye . CUT to : int . elm STREET live room - night a large ornate oval mirror hang on the wall . the glass explode as Nancy burst into the room . she rise , stare in horror and disbelief . reverse angle the horrid freddy / snake expands and contract around Kristen , slowly wolfing she down , its awful disease maw inching up past she waist . kristen nancy ! nancy snap into action . she scoops up a long jag shard of break mirror , cut she palm in the process . she leap into the fray , jam the shard of glass into freddy / snake 's eye -- the eye burst , spraying rancid ichor . freddy / snake regurgitating Kristen , the creature arc back , ready to strike . he good eye lock on Nancy , recognize he old enemy . freddy / snake ( total rage ) you ! closeup - freddy / snake roar as the snake face peel back like old parchment and instantly transform into a mind blow skull / snake / freddy with horn and double row of razor tooth -- strike into camera . nancy grab Kristen and barrel - roll out of the way . they scramble out the door . int . hallway ( other side of door ) Nancy slam the door and fumble with the lock , snap it into place . nancy you pull I in somehow , do not you ? kristen I -- I think so ! the razor - tooth burst through the door , splintering it . nancy then get we back out ! Kristen try to concentrate -- the tooth tear a chunk from the door and the freddy / beast 's drool snout lunge through . chew . tearing . nancy ( cont . ) now , kristen ! do it now ! kristen ( mutter , plead ) wake up , wake up , wake up -- the door explode in on they as we CUT to : int . nancy'' apartment - night nancy thrashes awake in she read chair , knock a cup of coffee across they room . she be shaking in the aftermath of terror , she fist clench tight , not know if she just dream it all or not . suddenly realize , she unclench she hand -- the palm be cut from the shard of break mirror she plunge into freddy / snake 's eye . CUT to : int . hospital - day Nancy burst in with the elm Street House model under she arm and hurry down the hallway -- right past Neil . neil you be late . nancy do not get much sleep . neil well , we have get -- but she 's already turn the corner and go . another angle Nancy rush up to Kristen 's room and look in . empty . Max appear , come up the hall . nancy Max , where 's Kristen ? max she 's be wait outside you office since breakfast . another angle - ( nancy'' office hall ) Nancy rush around the corner and stop . Kristen be sit patiently in the hallway outside Nancy 's office . she stand . nancy ( hold up elm Street model ) I use to live in this house . kristen but ... it 's just a house I have dream about . ( lower ) I dream about it all the time . ( pause ) thank you for what you do last night . CUT to : int . nancy'' office - day Nancy and Kristen speak in low tone with the door close . nancy have you ever do that before ? pull someone into you dream ? kristen ( dreamy , far - away look ) when I be a little girl . Three or four . if I have a nightmare , I would bring my dad in . the dream would always get better . ( smile ) he always use to tell I about it the next day -- he use to think they be he dream . nancy when do it stop ? kristen when I be still a kid . my folk get divorced . ( beat ) after a while , I think I would imagine the whole thing . I guess I do not . nancy it 's a amazing gift . pause . then , softly : kristen that man in my dream . he 's real be not he ? nancy he 's real . CUT to : int . group therapy room - day all the kid of the adolescent Care unit be gather : kincaid , Phillip , taryn , joey , Jennifer , and will , a 17 year old confine to a electric wheelchair . Kristen 's a bit uncomfortable -- she 's the new kid . the general impression be of a blitze - out squad just out of heavy combat . Nancy take of a blitze - out squad just out of heavy combat . Nancy take she place next to Elizabeth simm as Neil close the door . neil okay , Group 's in session . straight talk only in this room . simm today I would like to start by get we acquainted with we new staff member , Nancy Thompson . let 's make she feel welcome . the kid murmur a chorus of ad - libbed greeting . neil let 's see , you have already meet Phillip , kincaid , and Kristen . why do not the rest of you tell Nancy something about yourselves ? neil absently toy with the row of hang metal ball on one of that click - clack kinetic toy sit on the table . no volunteer . neil ( cont . ) will ? how about you first ? will I be will stanton , and um ... I have have a little accident , as you can see . taryn Accident my ass . I think this be suppose to be straight talk in here . kincaid hey , so he take a jump . at least he be not stick needle in he arm with a bunch of lowlife . simm save it , kincaid . Jennifer ? jennifer I be Jennifer caulfield . when I get out of here I be go to L.A. to be a actress . i'm gonna be on t.v. kincaid yeah . lifestyle of the Rich and psychotic . jennifer screw you . ( indicate joey ) this be joey . he use to be a debater in school , but now he do not talk much . joey grin at Nancy shyly , nodd he head in greeting . taryn I be taryn White . I only come here because it be a better deal than juvie hall . ( pause ) also , I guess ' cause I be go through some very stange shit . nancy you dream ? taryn ( softly ) hey , everybody have bad dream . phillip can I interject something here ? just to save we all some time ? neil go ahead , Phillip . phillip ( to Nancy ) accord to we kind host , we dream be a group psychosis . sort of a mellow mass hysteria . the fact that we all dreamt about this guy before we ever meet do not seem to impress anybody . the kid murmur in agreement . phillip ( cont . ) so we go in circle make minimal progress with maximum effort . simm and you will not make any progress until you can recognize you dream for what they be . nancy and what be they ? simm the by-product of guilt . psychological scar steaming from moral conflict and over sexuality . kincaid great . now it 's my dick that 's kill I . kristen tell they , Nancy . tell they what 's really go on . neil ( surprised ) yes , tell we , Nancy . nancy all I can say be this be not something that 's just go to disappear . you be all go to have to face it . fight it . and if you be willing to work together ... wiling to stand up to you deep fear ... I think we can beat it . panning the kide they expression reflect a quiet mix of hope and fear . they be impressed -- all except kincaid . kincaid my deep fear be listen to any more of this rah-rah bullshit . CUT to : int . will and joey' room - night will sit in he wheelchair with he dungeon and dragon game spread out on the table before he . taryn 's not really into it , but she 's play along . joey sit nearby , follow the game with rapt attention . taryn throw the dice . will refer to he dungeonmaster 's card . insert - the card feature a illustration of a wizard in flow robe . magical lightning crackle from he fingertip . continuing scene will okay , you be attack by the bog demon . go ahead . taryn ( roll dice ) uh , fourteen . will do not count . you gotta say the word . taryn this be stupid . will c'mon . taryn ( sigh ) in the name of elric , Prince of elve , demon begone . will good . you conquer the demon , but you horse be sink in the bog . what do you do ? taryn ( yawn ) I go to bed and get a new horse in the morning . she exit . will turn to joey . will how do I score that ? enchant slumber or death ? joey make a throat-cutte motion . Max enter . max gentlemen . it 's light out . will aw , Max ... max you know the rule . will okay , okay . Max lift will gently out of he wheelchair and lay he on he bed . max you too , joey . ( joey scramble into bed ) ' night , boy . Max turn out the light and exit , close the door . beat . will you get the first shift tonight . joey throw back the cover and sit up . he shake he head and point , indicate that it 's will 's turn . will ( cont . ) come on , I have it last night . ( joey shrug , give in ) okay , just keep you eye open . one whimper and you wake I up . joey nod . CUT to : int . mexican restaurant - night Neil and Nancy have a quiet dinner . nancy this be nice . neil never be here before ? nancy must have open while I be away at school . neil most authentic mexican food in springwood , which be not say much . ( beat ) you parent still live around here ? nancy my mother 's dead . die in she sleep . neil sorry . nancy my father a I ... well , the family just seem to fall apart . neil sound like a rough time . nancy it be . ( beat ) Neil , do you believe in other reality ? neil I have be to Pittsburgh . do that count ? nancy I be serious . neil okay ... I believe in different level of conciousness , that sort of thing ... but if you be into ufo 's or atlantis , you have lose I . nancy what if I tell you you patient be in real physical danger from they dream ? neil that 's a new one . be that what they be teach now at Stanford ? nancy that 's what I know . neil the nightmare be nothing but a symptom of they real problem . nancy all right . then let 's eliminate the symptom for the time be . neil with hypnocyl ? nancy that 's right . neil you want I to prescribe a experimental psychoactive drug to a bunch of suicidal teenager ? nancy just until we get thing under control . neil ( shake he head ) dream deprivation be nothing to fool around with . you have no business take it yourself . nancy I use to be like they , Neil . I know what they be go through . neil so do i. nancy do you ? ( beat ) you tell I they be survivor ... and they be . but how much longer they survive be up to we . neil I be sorry , Nancy . the answer be no . CUT to : int . phillip and kincaid be room - night Phillip and kincaid lie sleep in they bed . dolly slowly in on Phillip . he moan softly -- perhaps a troubled dream . boom up to the marionette hang on the wall . a eerie collection of moonlit figure . dolly in for closeup on the unfinish marionette . it raise its gray , misshapen head . the crude clay feature ripple and change into a distinct likeness of freddy . closeup - marionette's hand sharp razor- claw generate from the stubby clay finger . freddy /marionette swipe he claw at he string , cut himself loose . the floor freddy / marionette land in a cat-like crouch . as he straighten up , he start to grow . phillip stir ... he eye open . phillip' Pov freddy / marionette rise into view at the foot of the bed ... grow into the full -size freddy . phillip open he mouth to scream . freddy hold a finger to he lip , signal for silence . phillip gasp for breath , suddenly paralyze . his blanket be magically snap off the bed . freddy flick downward with a single blade , quickly , precisely . again and again . closeup - phillip in excruciate pain , unable to move a muscle . high angle look down at Phillip . clean , nearly bloodless incision have be make down the length of each arm and leg . closer one long strand of sinewy muscle tissue leap up out of each incision . phillip his muscle / string go taut -- he 's lift from he bed . kincaid stir awake and see : kincaid Pov Phillip be walk out of the room , apparently sleepwalk . kincaid ( groggy ) hey Phillip . wake up , man . no response . favoring phillip his terrify eye be bulg as he leave the room , be manipulate at the end of he string like a marionette . in the background , kincaid roll over . kincaid ( grumble ) have a nice stroll , asshole . int . hallway Phillip be " puppete " slowly down the hallway . tear roll down he check as he roll he eye wildly , look for a way out of this nightmare . no use . he have no control over he movement . nurse's station a night nurse be dioing paperwork at she station . nearby , a janitor mop the floor . neither of they notice Phillip as he sleepwalk past in the background . phillip / marionette the moment he be out of thei view , he walk into a wall ... and dissolves right through it . so much for hospital security . CUT to : int . will and joey' room - night joey be sit by the windwo in the dark , wide awake . pass time . a movement catch he eye , he glance out the window . joey' Pov - the bell tower it stand storey above the rest of the massive , rambling hospital , the apex of all the wing of the building . tilt up to the archway at the top of the belltower . the small , pale figure of Phillip stand on the ledge . joey stare in horror , he mouth open and close as he try to call for help . ext . belltower ledge weeping with terror , Phillip teeter at the lip of the ledge over a awesome , dizzying drop -- the courtyard be far below . the string jerk Phillip forward and back , toy with he . int . will and joey' room frantic , joey turn from the windwo and drag will out of he bed . will be groggy , disorient . will be you crazy ? what be you do ? joey drag will across the floor to the window , point . joey and will will see Phillip on the bell tower . will ( cold dread ) oh shit . get help . joey race from the room as will start pound the window . will ( cont . ) phillip ! phillip ! int . hallway joey run to the nurse at she station , gesture in panic . he hop around frantically , motion for she to come . nurse ( do not understand ) joey , what 's the matter ? he freak out and grab a metal tray off the counter . the nurse 's dinner go fly . joey run down the hall , slamm the tray against the wall . the kid appear from they room in a state of confusion . staff member come run . int . will and joey' room will be still pound the window , holler . joey run in , the other pour in after he . will phillip ! wake up ! ext . ledge Phillip teeter on the edge . he look up , eye plead and wet with tear . phillip' Pov a giant transparent freddy , see from the waist up , loom in the night sky , higher than thebell tower . he be lean over the building from behind as if it be a marionette stage , laugh maniacally as he puppet Phillip . freddy draw back he claw hand -- then slashes out , slice Phillip 's string . phillip the puppet spell be break -- he scream , arm windmill frantically as he fall from the ledge . low angle Phillip plummet from the tower . the kide at the window there be a horrible thump as Phillip impact . some kid be scream , some be cry , all horrify beyond word . the staff member be helpless as bedlam reign . CUT to : int . group therapy room - day Group be in session . the kid seem sullen , fragile , disconnect ... without hope . Neil look beat -down , less self - assure than usual -- Phillip 's death have shake he . neil I want to talk about what happen last night . let 's get all we feeling out in the open . the kid hold silent for a long moment , then kincaid offer a grudge appraisal . kincaid he be not strong enough . so he get waste , that 's all . jennifer that 's all ? be that what you think ? kincaid he could not hack it and he get nail . period . taryn ( contmpt ) oh yeah , big tough badass . how long you gonna last ? kincaid long than any of you . kristen ( softly ) go ahead and fight . that 's what he want . will who ? jennifer you know who . ( to Kristen ) what do he want ? kristen to turn we against each other ... so we will be weak . easy prey . kincaid horseshit . nancy no , she 's right . all eye go to Nancy . simm shoot she a dirty look . simm I think we be all miss the point here . Phillip 's death be a sleepwalk accident . nothing more . will ( softly ) I could see he up there . his face . he be wide awake ... all the way down . neil then it be suicide . Phillip quit . he cop out . joey shake he head , get agitate . jennifer joey say it be not no suicide . Neil let some of he anger and frustration show through : neil joey , listen to I ! Phillip kill himself . and that 's a cowardly thing . a empty thing . he let himself down . he let all of we down . joey be blink back tear . taryn it be murder ! can not you understand that ? that bastard murder he ! jennifer ( spook ) you never know when he 's go to come . sometimes for day , nothing ... then -- simm I have hear quite enough of this . how long before you be ready to face you - selve ? how much longer can you keep blame you dream for you own weakness ? kincaid how much longer you gonna blow smoke up we ass ? neil that 's enough , kincaid . simm there will be no repeat occurence of last night 's event . from now on , you door will be lock during sleep hour . we will begin a policy of evening sedation . for everybody . a terrify reaction from the group . Nancy shoot Neil a sharp look , shaking she head . kincaid ( rise ) the fuck you will . anybody try to drug I get he ass kick ! simm ( rise , angry ) you just buy yourself a night in the quiet room , mister . now sit down ! kincaid ( shouting ) fuck you ! you sit down ! simm press a button , summoning help . Neil rise , prepare to protect simm if necessary . neil easy , kincaid ... Max and another orderly enter . kincaid start to freak . he kick a chair at they , scream ! kincaid nobody' gonna put I to sleep ! the orderly get kincaid into a armlock and wrestle he , fight and kick , out the door . simm follow the struggle out into the hallway . Neil and Nancy join she . int . hallway simm , flushed and livid , watch kincaid get drag away . she turn to Neil . simm we will begin sedation tonight . start with he . nancy you can not ! they will be defenseless against they dream . simm that 's precisely what they need . some uninterrupted rem sleep to release all this negative energy . nancy ( to Neil , desperate ) Neil , please -- Neil pause , waver between nancy and simm . he finally come to a decision : neil Elizabeth , I be prescribe hypnocyl . ( she give he a blank stare ) it 's a dream suppressant . simm I know what it be . I just can not believe what I be hearing . ( indicate Nancy ) what have she talk you into ? neil nothing . they be my patient . it 's my decision . I want the dream stop until we get some answer . simm I will not allow it . neil I will go straight to carver if I have to . he will either back I up or accept my resignation . simm pause , then : simm if soemthing go wrong , I will make sure you be hold responsible . fully responsible . simm exit . Neil watch she go . neil I can not believe I just do that . nancy do you think we can get the hypnocyl in by tomorrow ? neil we be gonna try . he turn and walk away -- but pause , look back . neil I hope you know what you be get we into . CUT to : int . hospital hallway - night dollying with Max as he work he way down the hall , spot- check the dorm area . Nancy appear . max puttin ' in soem late hour , I see . if you be try for o.t. , you be in the wrong place . nancy I just want to be here for the kid . how be they ? max restless . very restless . Kristen appear at she door , look sleepy and exhaust . kristen Nancy ? would you sit with I awhile ? nancy sure . max ( to Nancy ) you need I , I will be here all night . nancy thanks , Max . she go to join Kristen in she room . CUT to : int . hospital hallway - night taryn , wear robe and slipper , emerge from the woman 's bathroom and shuffles back toward she room . Lorenzo , the young orderly , appear in she path , twirling a key . lorenzo hi , sweet stuff . good news . taryn ( disinterested , try to get past he ) can not be good news come from you . lorenzo pull night duty . trimble 's sick . taryn so ? lorenzo ( twirling key ) so ...got the key to heaven , baby . taryn what ? lorenzo the dispensary . I be talk clean pharmaceutical high . a night at Club meth . taryn ( step past he ) I do not do that shit . he grab she wrist , expose she arm -- she skin be scar with old needle track . lorenzo what be this , beauty mark ? taryn ( yank she arm away ) that be ancient history . lorenzo oh yeah ? well , if you be ever in the mood for a history lesson , I be you teacher , understand ? taryn stay out of my face or I will go straight to Max . lorenzo now who 's gonna take the word of a crazy junkie chick like you ? taryn fuck off . she head off to she room . CUT to : int . tv room - night a rather drab , institutional room with second -hand couch a chair . jennifer sit in a wear armchair watch the tv -- a massive old metal rca . she be fight sleep , but start to nod off . Max enter . max girl , what be you do ? jennifer watch tv. max I can see that . you watch too damn much tv. jennifer Research . max oh , right . you be gonna be a tv star . jennifer wait and see . max if simm catch you in here after light out , she will chew my ass rag . jennifer ( plead ) I gotta stay up , Max . max Jennifer -- jennifer just tonight , please ? I can not handle the nightmare . not tonight . not after Phillip . Max hesitates ... then relent against he better judgement . max if you get catch , I never see you . deal ? jennifer ( relieved ) deal . thanks . Max exit , shaking he head . Jennifer turn back to the tv -- the late show drone on . she shake herself , still fight to stay awake . she dig a hide pack of cigarettes from under the chair cushion and light up . she take a deep drag -- then , wince with pain , burn she hand with the light cigarette . anything to stay awake . CUT to : int . kristen be room - night Kristen lie in bed . Nancy sit nearby in a chair -- it seem she may keep a all - night vigil . she notice a array of gymnastics poster tape to the wall . nancy you like gymnastics ? kristen ( nod ) I be on the team at school . ( beat ) I be never very good , though . nancy we be not always as good at thing as we would like . kristen yeah , but I be really not good . they laugh softly . kristen yeah , but I be really not good . they laugh softly . kristen ( cont . ) I be glad you be here . Nancy pause , wrestle with a decision . she dig into she purse , pull out she bottle of hypnocyl , and shake the content into she hand . just two pill leave . she give they to Kristen . kristen ( cont . ) what be they ? nancy ( softly ) they will keep the dream away . for tonight . CUT to : int . tv room - night Jennifer be still fight to stay awake as she watch tv . she switch around with the channel changer , stop on a Dick cavett interview . his guest be Sally kellerman . jennifer nodd out again . tv set dick cavett well , that be the great american dream , be not it ? to come to L.A. and be a tv star ? sally kellerman well , I suppose it -- the image sputter with snowy interference . jennifer her eye flutter . tv set alternate between snow and image . kellerman -- find a good teacher . a actor have to study , to learn . I think that 's crucial . freddy / cavett ( gleefully ) who give a fuck what you think ? jennifer her eye snap open , she body stiffening . she stare at : teh tv screen nothing now but static . jennifer frown . must have imagine it . she rise and smack the side of the set , try to get the picture back . nothing . suddenly , two arm rip from each side of the tv set and grab she by the shoulder . the arm be a horrid hybrid of freddy 's arm and rca tube and wiring . she scream as she be lift off the ground . tv set freddy 's head grow and stretch out of the top of the set , wear the rabbit- ear antenna like some horrible insect . Jennifer keep scream . freddy this be it , Jennifer ! you big break in tv ! he ram she head into the screen with hideously brutal force -- there be a explosion of glass and electrical spark . CUT to : ext . cemetary - day a midwestern cemetary on a roll hillside . a gentle drizzle fall on a crowd of mourner cluster at twin gravesite . a priest intone the eulogy . among the mourner be Dr. simm , Max , Nancy ... but Neil be miss . closer - max and nancy stare as the casket be lower . master - the funeral camera boom back to reveal Neil stand on a rise overlook the funeral . he 's under the shelter of a large oak tree , but be still soak by the drizzle . he stare down , grief -stricken , he tear mask by rain . nun ( o.s. ) do not be ashamed , young man . this be a place for sorrow . antoher angle the nun in white stand clsoe by ( Neil see she in the hospital hallway ) . she appear in she 60' , but carry herself with a strength that bely she year . Neil wipe he eye . nun ( cont . ) what faith do you follow ? he choke back a bitter laugh . neil Science ... I suppose . nun a sad choice . neil there be time when it do not offer much comfort . ( pause ) I have see you before . sister ...? nun Mary helena . neil you do volunteer work at the hospital ? nun I come from time to time . when I be need . Neil turn he gaze back toward the funeral , lose in he own private grief . neil ( softly ) I could have save they . nun only one thing can save the child . the unquiet spirit must be laid to rest . it be a abomination to God and man. neil ( blankly ) I beg you pardon ? nancy ( call o.s. ) Neil ? Neil turn and move to the edge of the rise as Nancy crest the hill . the service have end , the crowd be disperse . nancy ( cont . ) what be you do up here ? neil I be just talk to -- he turn , but the nun be go . nancy to who ? neil ( shrug ) do not matter . nancy c'mon . let 's get out of this rain . as they head slowly down the hill , pan to the nun in closeup -- she be finger a rosary and whisper a prayer as she watch they go . CUT to : int . nancy'' apartment - night tight on neil at the window , stare out at the rain . he speak quietly , almost as if to himself . neil I use to think I could do something about it ... make some kind of difference ... but they keep slip through my finger . he raise a nearly empty wineglass and drain the last sip . wider angle the remain of a chinese takeout dinner be spread on the floor . Nancy be crouch near the fireplace , feed paper carton to the flame . nancy stop blame yourself . neil I be run out of answer . a patient sleepwalk out of a security ward up to a tower with no access . a girl , alone in a room , die by jump six foot straight up into a television set . nothing make sense anymore . nancy then maybe you be ready . neil for what ? nancy the truth . neil try I . nancy ( consider it ) only if you be willing to put aside everything you have learn and trust I . can you do that ? neil ( pause ) I can do that . CUT to : int . group therapy room - day nancy close the door and face the remain kid : Kristen , kincaid , will , taryn , and joey . Neil sit by with a clipboard on he knee . Dr. simm be conspicuously absent . neil okay . straigh talk only in here . taryn be this Group ? neil well , unofficially . will pretty soon there will not be enough of we leave to call it " Group . " neil listen up . Nancy 's get something to say . nancy ( pause ) I know who 's try to kill you . kincaid do not fuck humor we . we be not in the mood . nancy he wear a dirty brown hat . ( this get they attention ) he 's horribly burn . ( all eye on she ) he have razor on he right hand . taryn who be he ? nancy freddy krueger . he be a child murderer before he die . after he die , he become ... something worse . ( beat ) six year ago freddy kill my friend . he almost kill I . I think I get rid of he -- but I guess he be too strong . thick silence . the kid stare at she , flabbergasted , not know whether to believe or doubt . then : will why be he after we ? taryn yeah ? what do we ever do ? nancy not what you do . you parent . my parent . they burn he alive . we be pay for they sin . ( softly ) you be the last of the elm Street child . favoring the kide as they react with bewilderment . will ( can not grasp it ) Mom and dad ? that 's ... crazy . they never say ... taryn oh sure . that 's just the sorta thing parent tell they kid : " goodnight honey . do not forget to say you prayer . oh , by the way , you father and I torch some maniac last night . " kincaid so what do we do about this creep ? nancy last time , it be I against he . I be not strong enough ... alone . will ( catch the thread ) but together ... nancy Kristen 's the key . she 's get a very special talent . a gift . kristen I have not be able to do that since I be a little girl . nancy you do it the other night . kristen that be different . nancy you never lose a gift like that . you just forget how to use it . ( beat ) how about it ? will you try ? Kristen nod . nancy ( cont . ) each one of you have a inner strength -- some special power you have have in you most wonderful dream . together we can learn to use that power ... if we try . neil ( mutter to Nancy ) you sound like Peter Pan . nancy remember -- open mind . neil ( dimming the light ) okay , we be go to try a little group hypnosis . he turn to a high - tech chrome pendulum device sit on the tabletop and flick a switch . the pendulum rock slowly from side to side as a tiny blip of high intensity light flash intermittently . everybody stare at the device . neil ( cont . ) I want you all to follow the pendulum with you eye . tune out everything else ... nothing else exist but the pendulum . nancy ( softly ) take we there , Kristen . neil breathe deeply and relax ... start with you toe , relax everything until there 's no tension leave in you body . none at all . keep follow the pendulum ... panning the kide as they stare at the device , become mesmerize . neil ( cont. o.s. ) you find yourselves get tired . nothing wuld feel better right now than a nice , long , deep sleep . endframe on Kristen . eye flutter close . neil ( cont. o.s. ) I be go to count backwards from five , and when I finish , you will all be asleep . nancy watch the pendulum , lull under its spell . neil ( cont. o.s. ) five ...four ... three ... neil stare at the device , count down . neil ( cont . ) ...two ...one . kristen her eye snap open , she look up . wider everyone look up . the room be stil the same , nothing have change . neil switch the device off . kristen I be sorry . everybody react , disappointed . nancy we can try again . neil everybody take five . several kid stand up to stretch they leg . Neil turn to Nancy , draw she aside . neil look , I be willing to go along with this for the kid ' peace of mind ... and yours . but you have get to face reality ... joey he be at the water cooler get a drink . he pause , hearing the rythmic squeaking of a cart . he Pov marcie , the cute candy - striper , appear just outside the door with she cart . she see he and stop . joey give she a goofy grin , totally in love . marcie look arund to see if anybody be watch -- then smile and gesture to he . joey he glance around , then slip out the door unnotice . int . hallway marcie check again to make sure nobody be watch , then motion for joey to follow she . joey hurry after she , he knee go weak . int - group therapy room the kid be still take a break . neil be absently - mindedly toy with the metal click - clack ball . nancy Neil , let 's try one more time . if it do not work , then I promise -- neil raise the end ball and send it into the other -- instead of click - clack , they simply float apart into mid-air . nancy gape as the metal ball float past she head . all activity come to a standstill . everybody stare . will ( realize ) we be here . taryn where ...here ? kristen yes . we be in the dream . neil stare at the ball , rapt and fascinate . neil do not be silly ... we be in Group ... will ( o.s. ) in my dream , I can walk . my leg be strong . the group they all turn to see will stand straight and tall . no sign of he wheelchair . will ( cont . ) in my dream , I be the dungeonmaster . he pluck a metal ball from the air , hold it in he fist , and blow in one end -- a fantasy dragonfly appear out the other . nancy and neil nancy we make it . Neil , we make it ! neil ( ducking the dragonfly ) this be not possible . ( beat ) and even if it be ... what the hell be I do here ? ( to Kristen ) do you drag I in here too ? Kristen grin sheepishly . nancy try soemthing , Kristen . what can you do in you dream ? Kristen take 's afew step back , then launch herself into a perfectly execute series of twist handflips across the room . will a perfct score ! the crowd go wild ! kincaid pick up a metal chair and twist it open like a paperclip with he bare hand . kincaid fuckin ' A. dig this . neil kincaid , please . that 's very unnerve . kincaid hey , check out taryn . taryn she 's become a brethtake street punk , like something out of a rock fantasy : shimmer platinum hair sweep back in a wild Mohawk , and sleep black leather with delicate silver chain . taryn in my dream , I be beautiful -- she flick out a wick gravity knife and twirl it open faster than the eye can follow . taryn ( cont . ) -- and bad . nancy and neil Neil look around , still try to grasp it . nancy take it slowly . remember , this be a dream . anything be possible . neil anything ? Nancy nod . closeup - neil he close he ey and concentrate , try a experiment . he open he eye and see : nancy now wear a frilly negligee . nancy very funny . the kid laugh and hoot . neil blushes , very flustered . kincaid Nice dream , doc. CUT to : int . dorm room it be a unoccupy dorm room . marcie lead joey in . she close the door softly , then turn to he . marcie listen , joey ... I just want to get you alone for a second . i mean ... ( beat ) look , I really like you . she step closer . joey gulp . marcie ( cont . ) do you like I ? ( joey nod ) this may sound crazy , but ... I make up excuse to come into the ward every day just to see you . you be so cute . joey 's eye widen . she sit he on the bed and stand in front of he . marcie ( cont . ) I could get into a lot of trouble for this , but I know you will not say anything . will you ? joey shake he head violently . she turn she back to he . marcie ( cont . ) unzip I . joey reach up and unzip she with shaking hand . she turn back and shrug off ehr uniform . she be wear only skimpy panty . she be magnificent . marcie ( coy smile ) do you like my body , joey ? joey be overwhelm . marcie push joey gently back on the bed and crawl on top of he with sinewy grace . she start unbuttone he shirt and kissing he chest . closer marcie kiss he mouth , she tongue probing deeply . too deeply . joey gag and draw back -- but marcie 's tongue grow supernaturally long and burrow deeper into he mouth . closeup - joey choke . he grab the writhe tongue and try to pull it out of he mouth . closeup - marci the tail end of she tongue leap out of she mouth with a life of its own . on joey both en of the tongue / creature whip around he wrist and yank it back , twine around the bedpost like a bullwhip . marcie a second hideously long tongue shoot out of she mouth , throught the air -- joey -- and lash he other arm to the other bedpost with a thwack ! freddy 's maniacal laughter ring out . joey look up . joey' Pov marcie 's head have be replace by freddy 's -- he grotesque laugh face perch atop she lovely body . freddy / marcie ( gleefully ) what 's wrong , joey ? I think you like my body ! closeup - freddy two more tongue fly from he mouth simultaneously . joey' feet be lash to the footboard bedpost . high angle look directly down on joey writhe on the bed . the mattress drop away beneath he , descend a shaft exactly it 's size . the mattress be engulf in a fiery inferno below . crane up as joey be leave suspend over a hellish pit of flame , try desperately to scream . CUT to : int . group therapy the light suddenly dim and flicker out . everybody come to a standstill , look around apprehensively . neil what 's happen ? kristen he 's close ... nancy freddy ? kristen he 's heavy in the hall ... taryn ( realize ) where 's joey ? they glance around -- joey 's not with they . kristen freddy 's get he ! we have get to help he ! Neil grab the door to throw it open -- but yank he hand back as the knob glow red hot . the door begin to scorch and sizzle as the room turn stifling hot . will the room 's change ! the wall begin to close in -- the group be back into the center of the room as it become round , cylindrical ... like the inside of a furnace . rivets appear as the wall become scorched steel plate . Neil stagger back . neil this be crazy ...crazy ... he look down -- another angle -- he foot be slogging through smoulder ash . he step on a child 's char ribcage -- it crumble and snap underfoot like a brittle leaf . a tiny skull be churn up . kincaid hunker down and try to push through the steel door , but jump back as he hand be burn . the group look about helplessly as the smoke get denser . roaring flame leap up around they . suddnely -- the furnace door slam open to reveal simm stand in a perfectly normal hospital hallway . total silence . simm what 's go on in here ? reverse angle the Group therapy room . Neil , Nancy , and the other be seat in they chair , head come up as the awaken . they gaze around , still confuse . simm ( cont . ) what 's wrong with joey ? joey be lie unconscious on the floor near he chair , arm and leg spread - eagle ( in the same pose as be lash to the bed ) . simm rush over and check he . simm ( cont . ) he 's not breathe ! Neil push she out of the way and kneel over joey , desperately give he mouth - to-mouth . CUT to : int . intensive care - night tight on joey lie in a coma , hook up to monitoring device and a respirator . angle widen slowly as we dolly back , revealing a team of technician and nuerosurgeons surround the bed . continue dollying back until we find ourselves in the hallway outside the room . neil and Nancy hover by the door , sick with worry . doctor carver ( 60' ) , the supervise physician of westin Hills , be stewing in control anger . Dr. simm be self - righteous now that she predict disaster have take place . the nuerosurgeons exit the room . nuerosurgeon ( shake he head ) he 's in a deep coma . there 's nothing we can do for he . the nurosurgeon walk away . carver turn to Neil . carver this be insexcusable . simm the session be unauthorize . it be purposely conduct without my knowledge . neil unusual step be call for . carver be that what I should tell this young man 's parent ? ( beat ) I understand you prescribe a highly experimental drug . nancy Dr. carver , he 's not in a coma because of the hypnocyl . carver Young lady , you opinion be of no interest to I . furthermore , accord to Dr. simm , you have be create panic among the patient . neil that 's not true . carver Dr. Goldman , in the last four day we have have two suicide . now a boy be in a coma . I think it 's fair to say you approach have fail ... entirely . ( beat ) you be both relieved of you duty . I want you out of here . today . nancy Dr. carver -- Neil motion she quiet . carver exit . simm I be sorry , Neil . you bring this on yourself . neil ( softly ) for God 's sake , Elizabeth ... just try to help the kid , will you ? listen to they . simm ( soften ) of course . she exit . only Nancy and Neil remain . nancy what be we go to do ? neil ( softly ) there 's nothing we can do . it 's out of we hand . he walk away . she watch he go , then look in joey . she be desolate . CUT to : ext . hospital - night Neil have pack several box of personal file into the trunk of he BMW . he place the final box in -- it 's stuff with drawing from the kid ... and some photograph . insert - the photograph on top a picture of a group picnic -- feature Neil with Jennifer and Phillip . closeup - neil stare sadly at the picture for a extend beat . low angle as Neil slam the trunk , the unused wing of the hospital be reveal in the background . it be old , untend , crumble . a shroud white figure be stand in one of the upper floor window . neil see the figure and react , startle . the figure in the window be the nun from the funeral . she have be stare out the window at he . she turn away and disappear from view . neil pause for a moment , then approach the building . another angle Neil come to a set of double door and rattles they -- they be seal with a rusty chain and padlock . he move to a break window and peer through the board nail across it . neil Pov he can see into the long main hallway of the ground floor . he get a brief glimpse of the nun at the far end as she come down the stair , turn on the landing , and head downstairs to the basement . neil neil ( knock on the board ) sister ? sister ! she have not hear he . he pries the loose board away and enter through the window . CUT to : int . old wing - basement level - night a forget , dusty corridor with peel paint like parchment on the water - stain wall . Neil come down the stair , peer around in the gloom . the only feature in the dead end hallway be a partially open rusty iron door with a small bar window . a faint buz rise and fall from within . neil Excuse I . sister ? no answer . just another swell of faint buz . Neil approach the door and push it open all the way . it squeal loudly on its hinge . int . room Neil enter a huge , shadowy , dungeon - like room . flaking cement pillar stand drape with cobweb . rust remain of bedframe and scrap of wood litter the floor . the buz grow louder , then fall away again . neil ( cont . ) hello ? a wooden match ignites near he , go off like a gunshot in the stillness -- the nun be reavealed . Neil gasp , startle . nun this be where it begin . she turn and light a candle in a tiny alcove before a statue of the virgin Mary . dim light sputter up . neil this wing 's be close for year . ( look around ) what be this place ? nun purgatory ... fashioned by the hand of man . twisted , lose soul , the worst of the criminally insane , be lock away in here like animal . neil the whole facility be shut down in the Forties , be not it ? some kind of scandal ... nun ( she nod ) a young girl on the staff be accidentally lock in here over the holiday . the inmate manage to keep she hide for day . she be rape ... hundred of time . when they find she , she be barely alive ... and with child . neil ( softly ) my god. nun that girl be amanda krueger . her child -- neil freddy . nun the bastard son of a hundred maniac . some say he be murder , though no body be ever find . Neil be momentarily distract by another swell of buz . a fly brushes past he face in the darkness . neil you say something before ... about lay he to rest ...? nun you must find the remain ... and bury they in hallow ground . the nun turn and climb the stair . neil ( blankly ) hallow ground ? he move to follow she , but he foot come in contact with something near the bottom of the step . the buz swell up loudly . he jump back . neil Pov the grisly carcass of a cat stare up at Neil , hundred of fly swarm in its dessicate flesh . the nun pause at the top of the stair . nun if you only faith be science , Doctor ... it may be you that 's laid to rest . as she exit , the door begin to creak slowly shut behind she , plunging the room into darkness . neil scramble up the step and grab the door just before it close shut . int . corridor Neil heave a sigh of relief as he exit the pit . he look around . the nun have disappear . CUT to : int . intensive care - day Nancy sit at joey 's bedside , gaze at the boy -- so still , so frail . she speak in a whisper , but she voice be fierce . nancy let he go , you bastard . on joey short slashes suddenly begin to criss -cross he smooth chest . nancy react in horror . Neil enter b.g. nancy Neil ... he come to she side and look down . joey the slashes spell out a message in crude , bloody letter : " come and get he , bitch . " nancy and neil gaze on in horror . CUT to : ext . neil be BMW - drive shot - night the car glide down a meander road , leave westin Hills behind . int . car Neil drive , Nancy beside he . neil you be not go in . that 's exactly what he want . as long as you be on hypnocyl , it 's the only way he can get to you . nancy do not you think I know that ? I do not have any choice . neil bullshit . get yourself kill will not do the kid any good . besides , we do have a choice . nancy assume you mysterious nun in right . neil I have hear crazier thing this week . nancy all right . whoever she be , I will admit she seem to know more about krueger than I do . neil the question be , what happen to freddy 's body ? nancy they burn he to death in he boiler room , but they be smart enough to hide the remain . neil who would know where they be hide ? nancy ( pause ) there 's only one man ... and its time for he to talk . CUT to : int - hospital hallway - night tight on Kristen 's face as she let out a wail of total anguish and despair -- she struggle with Max and Lorenzo as they try to restrain she . kristen noooooooo ! wider simm be stand by , watch the struggle . kristen ( cont . ) you can not send they away ! you can not ! they be all we have ! simm they be not help you , Kristen . you be a sick girl . you can only get better if you trust I now . Kristen be fight like a wildcat -- momentum carry she and the orderly into the nurse 's desk and send they sprawling in a shower of desktop item . she hurl a heavy stapler in simm ' direction before Max and Lorenzo grab she again -- they manage to pin she arm , but barely . the kide be peer fearfully up the hall at the spectacle . favoring simm simm get she to the quiet room and sedate she ! Kristen be drag down the hall , fight and kick every inch of the way . kristen ( screem ) you stupid bitch ! you 're killing US ! killing US ! CUT to : ext . little nemo' tavern - night " tavern " be too nice a word -- it be a dive bar with a flicker neon sign on the worst side of town . int . little nemo be the sort of place you wind up when you have no place leave to go . a dark , grubby figure sit in the deep foreground nursing a beer and stare at nothing . his unshaven face be hard and bitter , haunt by old sorrow . he wear a sodden , rumple nightwatchman 's uniform . nancy ( o.s. ) hello Father . donald thompson look up slowly from he beer . wider angle Nancy stand nearby with Neil . Thompson smile wanly . thompson well , if it be not my little girl ... come to visit she daddy . nancy it 's be a long time . thompson yeah , but here you be . how would I get so lucky ? I think you be try to forget I be alive . nancy that 's not true . you be the one who 's try to forget . she sit across from he . Neil hover at she side . nancy ( cont . ) I need you help . krueger 's back . thompson ( chuckle ) Fred krueger 's dead . you always have a little trouble understanding that , princess . nancy you know what he do . he 's do it again . neil she 's tell the truth . Thompson 's eye flick up at Neil . thompson ( low , dangerous ) I do not recall as we ever meet , friend . and I do not believe this be any of you goddamn business . Neil be take aback for a moment -- he 's about to retort , but Nancy silence he with a look . she lean in to she father . nancy I think we can stop he this time . stop he for good . but we need to know where the bone be hide . thompson ( slow , measure ) I lose too much over this already . I be through with it . nancy people be still die . after all this time . stop run away from it . ( no response ) daddy , please ... do not make I beg . ( still no response ) you owe I . Thompson meet he daughter 's gaze , then avert he eye . he take a slow draw on he drink . thompson ( cont . ) it 's be nice see you , baby . do not stay away so long next time . Nancy can not handle another moment -- she bolt from the table as tear come . Neil glare at Thompson and hurry after she . another angle Neil folllow she to the restroom alcove , where she be try to pull herself together . neil Nancy ... nancy I will be okay . just give I a minute . he want to comfort she , but do not really have the word . he stand by , look miserable . his beeper goe off . he check it for the number and cross to the payphone . CUT to : int . hospital tv room - night taryn snatch the payphone off the wall on the first ring . will and kincaid be with she . taryn Doctor Goldman ? int . tavern Neil on the phone , Nancy at he shoulder . neil taryn ? be that you ? what 's the matter ? int . hospital taryn you gotta come right away . it 's Kristen . she have a total shit attack when simm tell we you and Nancy get fire . int . tavern Neil listen , he face drain of color . neil oh Christ . ( to Nancy ) simm put Kristen in the quiet room for the night . they sedate she . nancy no ... int . hospital taryn she 's too doped up to stay awake for long . she 's alone in there -- alone ! freddy 's gonna get she ! int . tavern neil okay , none of you panic . just stay cool . help 's on the way . he hang up . nancy we have get to get over there now . we have to make sim understand ! he dig out he car key and hold they out to she . neil you go . she stare at he , not understanding . neil ( cont . ) I be gonna get the remain . nancy ( indicate she father ) Neil , it 's no use . you see how he be . neil just go . Kristen need you . keep she awake somehow . ( Nancy try to argue ) do it . Nancy take the key . they eye lock for a long , intense moment -- then they share a spontaneous , passionate kiss . Nancy turn and leave without another word . angle on thompson he see he daughter leave , then turn he blank gaze back to he beer . Neil casually walk over . Thompson ignore he . neil I be Neil Goldman . please to meet you . ( beat ) there , we have meet . suddenly , unexpectedly , Neil lash viciously out with he foot and kick the table over -- everything go fly . before Thompson can so much as blink , neil haul he out of he chair and slam he violently against the wall . tight two shot Neil and Thompson , nose to nose . Neil speak with barely contain rage . neil ( low , tight ) listen up , asshole . I do not know if you care whether Nancy life or die , but I do . ( pause ) you and I be go on a little scavenger hunt . Thompson stare at Neil , dumbfounded . CUT to : int . quiet room - night Kristen wander in aimless circle in the confinement of the small padded room , weep with despair as she desperately try to stay on she foot . kristen ( weakly ) please God ...please ... she stumble and lurch into the wall , hold up by sheer luck alone . she push herself away , staggering -- she movement be jerky and uncordinate . kristen ( cont . ) ... do not make ...me... sleep ... CUT to : int . neil be car - night nancy at the wheel , steely with determination as she speed back to the hospital . CUT to : ext . church - night a small church in a poor neighborhood . Thompson 's batter old dodge grind to a stop at the curb . int . dodge thompson ( dourly regards the church ) what the hell be we do here ? Neil reach over , shut off the ignition , and take the key . there be a pint bottle of whiskey juting from Thompson 's jacket pocket . Neil snatch the bottle before Thompson can react . thompson ( cont . ) hey ! neil I will not be long . Neil get out of the car . he empty the content of the pint bottle on the pavement as he hurry toward the church . int . church - night Three worshipper be seat in the pews , seek comfort in silent prayer . Neil rush in at the back of the church . closer - neil see a small basin of holy water attach to the wall . he submerges Thompson 's bottle , fill it with holy water . he cap the bottle , pocket it , then proceed up the aisle . another angle Neil come to a candle shrine . a foot-high crucifix be attach to the wall above it . he grab the cross and try to lift it off its mount -- it come loose with a loud clang , a lift it off its mount -- it come loose with a loud clang , a jarring sound in the silent church . Worshipper turn to look . feeling comspicuous , Neil turn to find himself face a priest . neil oh. hello . priest what do you think you be do ? neil look , I be sorry , but I need this ... he dig out he wallet . empty . neil ( cont . ) I swear I will reimburse you . really . here , keep my driver 's license . I will be back . Neil hurry out , leave the baffle priest hold he driver 's license . CUT to : int . hospital - night Nancy enter , hurry toward the quiet room . Max appear , block she from the quiet room hallway . nancy Max , I have to see Kristen ! Max shake he head . nancy ( cont . ) you do not understand -- the big man hold up he hand for silence . max save you breath , Ms. Thompson . Dr. simm give I specific instruction . nobody get to see Kristen -- especially you . she make that real clear . nancy but Max , she need I . it could mean life or death . Max pause briefly ... and decide to speak he mind . max ( softly ) look , I think you really mean well ... but my kid be dyin ' off . even if I do not have order from simm , I would not let you near she . no way . Nancy back down . there 's no way she will get past he . nancy okay , Max ... I understand . ( a plea ) can I say goodbye to the other ? Max waver , he emotion get to he . max I do not know ... nancy it will be my last chance . pleese ? it 's against he better judgement , but Max finally nod . max you get five minute . nancy thank you . she head toward the dorm . another angle she come around the corner . taryn , will , and kincaid have be wait for she , frantic with worry . taryn what would you do , take the scenic route ? nancy sshhh . no time for that . come on . will where ? nancy we last Group . CUT to : ext . junkyard - night a vast auto junkyard on the outskirt of town . tower stack of gut car glitter in the moonlight like the crusty bone of some long ago dinosaur graveyard . it be a awesome , twist maze . Thompson 's dodge pull up to the gate . the headlight reveal a fade sign on the tall chain link fence : " penny bros . auto salvage . " thompson in there . Charlie penny own the place . we know no one would ever find it . I be not even sure I can find it again . neil how do we get in ? thompson they use to keep a spare key . ext . car Thompson step out and cross to the wood stat structure that serve as the junkyard 's office and reach under the porch . closer - the gate Thompson step into the headlight beam and unlock the rusted padlock . suddenly , a vicious junkyard dog shoot up into frame , bark and slaver just inch from he face , rattling the chain link fence . thompson ( unruffled ) hey , jesse James . do not you remember I , boy ? he swing the gate open and offer a open hand to the dog . jesse sniff the hand suspiciously , then wag he tail . thompson ( cont . ) that a boy . he turn , motion to Neil to bring the car through . Neil scoot to the driver 's side . wider angle Neil pull the car in and stop at the mouth of the maze . Thompson secure the gate . int . car Thompson get back in on the passenger side . Neil be suddenly play chauffer . thompson all right . it 's deep in the heart of this place . take it slow . Neil ease on the gas . CUT to : int . group therapy room - night Nancy close the door and turn to the kid . they look to she , wait . nancy okay , straight talk only in here . taryn what about Kristen ? nancy we can not get to she . I have try . she dim the light and go to the pendulum device . nancy ( cont . ) I be hope we would have more time to learn how to use the dream ... ( beat ) but joey 's in there . and Kristen 's go in with or without we . they need we . will you mean we be gonna try to go in with she ? to link up ? nancy it 's now or never . I will not kid you . this be as dangerous as it get . if you die in the dream , it 's for real . nobody have to go in that do not want to . the kide a long silence . they face reflect conflict emotion . fear , dread , anticipation . then , quietly : will I be in . taryn I too . kincaid let 's go kick that motherfucker 's ass all over dreamland . her face reflect the same emotion -- but mostly , there be pride in the kid . she turn the pendulum on and sit with they . nancy now remember -- whatever happen , stay together . that 's the only way we can beat he . the group stare intensely at the pendulum . nancy ( softly ) clear you mind ... of everything . CUT to : ext . auto graveyard - night Thompson 's car pull slowly around a tight corner and sto in what amount to a small clear deep in the labyrinth of stack auto . Thompson and Neil get out , the weak headlight of the old dodge illminate the tower heaps of rusted metal surround they . Thompson peer around , then point . thompson that 's it . the caddy . another angle the rear end of a ravage 59 cadillac stick out from beneath a huge stack of automotive carcass , its rusted tailfin jutting like the spine of some prehistoric beast . Neil cross to the car and run he hand over the corrode surface of the trunk . he try to lift it , but it 's lock tight . thompson stand beside the dodge . he take a swig from a pint bottle and glance around into the darkness nervously . neil find a large four- pronge tire iron -- three end for lug nut , the other end a sharp wedge . he jam it under the trunk lid and apply pressure . closeup - thompson observe nervously . neil lean he head closer to the trunk as he strain against the tire iron . closeup - the lock explode in a cloud of rust . closeup - neil gazing in . pan to a ancient , crusty burlap sack lie in the shadow of the trunk . int . thompson' dodge Thompson silently ease behind the wheel of he dodge , careful not to draw Neil 's attention . he 's go to get the hell out of here -- -- but there be no key in the ignition . Thompson look up , glaring at Neil through the windshield . ext . dodge Neil hold up Thompson 's key . neil go somewhere ? Thompson get out of the car . thompson I show you where the goddamn thing be . I do not say I would stick around . Neil toss Thompson a shovel . neil we have get work to do . thompson what be you talk about ? neil you be about to attend a funeral . one that 's long overdue . CUT to : int . group therapy room - night Nancy and the kid be stare at the pendulum , face slack . Nancy 's voice be a soft hush . they be be lull into the dream state . nancy picture yourselves in the quiet room ... the soft white wall ... the total silence ... just the sound of you heart beat . picture yourself there ... with Kristen . ( beat ) I be go to count backwards from five . and when I be do , we will all be asleep ... we will all be in the quiet room . CUT to : int . quiet room - night Kristen be slump in a corner , face against the wall , totally incoherent now . there be no more fight leave in she . she be fade ... fade ... kristen ( a bare whisper ) Nancy ... CUT to : int . group room - closeup nancy nancy ( cont . ) five ... closeup - will nancy ( cont. o.s. ) four ... closeup - taryn nancy ( cont. o.s. ) Three ... closeup - kincaid nancy ( cont. o.s. ) two ... closeup - kristen nancy ( cont. o.s. ) one . Kristen 's eye flutter open . kristen Nancy ? wider angle Nancy and the other be now in the wuiet room with Kristen . Kristen look around , cry and happy that she friend be here . she hug they in turn -- a sweet , teary reunion . kristen ( cont . ) I know you would come . nancy you do not think we would let you go alone ? kincaid no fuckin ' way . we be a team . kristen joey need we . I can feel he . nancy how do we find he , Kristen ? the wall four huge razor slash through the canvas -- riiiiiip ! cotton pad fly . the group react as the razor vanish -- then rip from the wall directly behind they . everyone move to the center of the room . nancy whatever happen , stay together ! various angle cotton pad billow through the air as the razor slash through the wall again and again -- from in front , from behind , from the side , from the floor , from everywhere . the quiet room become a white void of rip and slashing -- a vicious blizzard of whirling pad . will the blade lash out from the billow cloud of cotton . he 's force back . taryn scream as the blade flash by she . nancy nancy ( shield she eye ) hold hand ! find each other ! kristen scream , panic , spun around in the blizzard . lose . kristen nancy ! closeup - kristen the blizzard of cotton pad dissipate and slowly vanish . Kristen look up a dream . angle widen slowly out to reveal Kristen sit at she draft table in she bedroom at home . the crude paper mache elm Street House model be in front of she , still under construction . Warren Zevon 's " I will sleep when I be Dead " still blare from the radio . nothing have change . she 's still home . safe . she wonder if all of it , everything , have be nothing but a bad dream . her mother enter , dress in the same beautiful evening gown , and snap the radio off . elaine honey , you will wake the whole neighborhood ! kristen ( bleary - eye ) Mom ? elaine what be you still do up ? it 's past one . kristen I think I would wait for you . elaine ( touch ) well , I be home now , so you can go right to sleep . c'mon , angel . she turn down the cover . Kristen crawl onto the bed and throw she arm around Elaine 's neck in a spontaneous hug . elaine ( cont . ) what 's that for ? kristen I be just glad you be home . Elaine give she a kiss and tuck she in . she go to the door and reach for the lightswitch . kristen ( cont . ) Mom ? elaine ( pause in doorway ) what ? kristen I have such a awful dream . a man' voice come from downstairs : man ( o.s. ) Elaine ? where do you keep the bourbon ? elaine I will be right down . ( to Kristen ) kris , I have get a guest . kristen can we talk ? just for a minute ? elaine can not it wait till morning ? kristen please Mom ? I just do not want to be alone . suddenly , Elaine be violently yank out the door , revealing : freddy frame in the doorway , wear immaculate formal wear , scream at Elaine ( she 's off camera ) . freddy bitch ! I say where' the fucking bourbon ! he sweep he razor down at she . kristen scremeng in bed . freddy grinning insanely , he lean into the room , hold Elaine 's decapitate head up for Kristen . freddy you should listen to you mother , Kristen . closeup - elaine's head dangle in freddy 's grasp , blood drip from the neck , it jabber at Kristen in a glassy - eye harangue . elaine's head gaddamn it Kristen , you always ruin everything ! every time I have a man over you spoil it ! you know what you shrink say ! you be only try to get attention ! kristen scream and scream . freddy drop the head and lunge at she , claw swiping the air . kristen roll out of bed as freddy 's claw tear she pillow open in a explosion of feather . wider Kristen turn and run , freddy right on she heel , he finger blade mere inch from she back . another angle Kristen 's momentum take she right up the wall -- she push off in a incredible gymnast 's flip , hurtle up in a arc back over freddy 's head -- freddy hit the wall , he finger - razor bury deep in the plaster . kristen make a perfect landing near she bed and snatch up she bedspread . freddy howl with rag and yank he razor from the wall in a explosion of plaster . he whirl and dive at Kristen -- -- as she fling the bedspread over he . he tangles up , go down hard , thrashing to get free . kristen hurtle herself out the window in a explosion of glass . freddy ripping and slashing , he wrestle the bedspread off and hurl it away in tatter . he look aroudn , howling with rage . CUT to : int . elm STREET house - night Kristen explode through a skylight in the live room ceiling and drop to the floor in a rain of glass . bruise and batter , she rise to she foot and look around . lost. alone . kristen ( call out ) Nancy ! CUT to : int . elm STREET hallway - night whirl cotton fill the screen ... dissipate to reveal taryn in she full dream warrior splendor , platinum crest of hair shimmer . she find herself in a twist hallway in the dreamscape -- and hear kristen' faint call . taryn ( call out ) Kristen ? be that you ? she hurry up a passageway and turn a corner . another angle freddy leap from the darkness , blade flash . taryn nimbly dodge and whirl , produce two large gravity knife . she click - clack they open , twirling they expertly . taryn okay asshole . let 's dance . freddy give she a evil smile and square off against she . they circle each otehr slowly ... then freddy lash out . taryn duck and cut deeply across freddy 's rib . freddy scream with anger and swipe twice more , rip deep gouge in taryn 's shoulder . taryn draw back , keep she guard up . she feint , then strike out , slashing freddy again . this time freddy draw back . freddy taryn ... why should we fight ? you and I be old friend . taryn stand poise , ready for anything . closeup - freddy freddy ( grin ) let 's get high . he raise he hand into frame -- he fingerhave all turn into oversize hypodermic neele , they needle - sharp tip glitter in the darkness . taryn revolted by the weird display . she look down , feel something strange . closeup - taryn's arm her needle track scar be expand and contracting like tiny suck mouth ... hungry ... wider the instant she guard be down , freddy lunge at she and bury both set of hypodermic finger into she arm , pin she to the wall . taryn scream . closeup - hypo finger as they inner plunge depress , taryn 's biceps swell grotesquely , vein bulg impossibly . taryn we can actually see the high - pressure fluid travel upward as she vein and body balloon , racing from she arm -- she neck swell -- temple expand -- eyeball bulge -- then the top of she head literally explode . closeup - freddy freddy what a rush . CUT to : int . elm STREET basement - night moving with will -- he hold a torch high in one hand , a saber in the other . he look like a thin pirate out of a dungeon and dragon game . will ( call out ) hello ? you guy , where be you ? he heas a SOUND somewhere in the darkness ahead . he pause ... nothing . suddenly , there 's a SOUND of screeching metal and a strange object come racing out of the darkness at he . he lunge out of the way . the object screech to a halt and wheel about . it 's a oversieze , nightmarish version of will 's wheelchair -- make of rusty , twisted metal and bristle with spike and hook . to sit in it would be agonizing death . freddy ( o.s. ) you look tired , will . have a seat . reverse angle will whirl about to see freddy lean nonchalantly against a pillar . will ( shake ) no thanks . I be fine just the way I be . freddy for now . but when you wake up ... ( sing ) ... you be back in the saddle again . will be visibly upset by this -- and react too slowly as the wheelchair bear down on he again . will be sideswipe and knock to the ground , he leg bleed . the chair spin around , prepare for another run . freddy freddy it 's the chair for you , kid . the chair the wheel smoke , burn rubber as it launch itself at will . closeup - will will ( softly , to himself ) I be the dungeonmaster ... the dungeonmaster ... wider will suddenly levitate to he foot . a wizard 's robe swirl about he as crackle electricity play across he fingertip , just like the illustration on the dungeonmaster game card . low angle the wheelchair roar over camera . will Green lightning explode from he fingertip and shatter the wheelchair into fragment . freddy react in surprise . will look up at freddy , grin with he newfound power . the dance light emanate from he finger cast a weird glow across he face . will in the name of elric , Prince of elve -- demon begone ! wider will rush at freddy , shoot wizard 's fire . the crackle green energy engulf freddy completely -- -- but freddy grab will by the front of he shirt and lift he off the ground . closer freddy snarl into will 's face as the live energy twine around he . freddy sorry kid . I do not believe in fairy tale . freddy bury he claw in will 's chest -- the blade point jut out of will 's back as he death cry echoes down the hall . CUT to : int . elm STREET house - night Kristen wander through the twist distort hallway of the dreamscape . she hear will 's scream echo and fade away . kristen hello ? anybody ? nancy'' voice ( faint , faraway ) Kristen ? she turn a corner and see Nancy at the end of a hallway . kristen ( cont . ) Nancy ! they rush toward each other -- but stop as they hear a strange crunching SOUND . kristen what 's that ? nancy I do not know . the SOUND come again -- a horrible cracking and snapping . the wall begin to spiderweb with crack as it bulge outward . something big seem to be try to press through to cut they off from each other . Nancy and Kristen back away warily . suddenly , there be a explosion of wood and plaster -- and kincaid step through . kincaid ( grin ) yo . I think I hear voice . Nancy and Kristen yell with delight . Kristen throw she arm around he . kristen kincaid ! I could kiss you ! kincaid what 's stop you ? Kristen be take aback for a moment -- then give he a chaste but sincere kiss on the mouth . he grin . kincaid cool . so where 's joey ? kristen I do not know . it 's like a maze in here . kincaid then it 's time to stop guessin ' and start messin' . ( holler ) freddy ! where you hiding , you pussy ? nancy kincaid -- we should find the other first ... kincaid you 're hot stit with a little mute kid -- let' see you take a piece of I ! ( silence ) krueger ! still no response . kincaid ( cont . ) ( mutter ) I know he be chickensh -- suddenly , the light around they flinker and dim . they hear a deep , reverberating groan of metal . all look over the railing . over the shoulder as they peer downward . where before there be nothing , there be now two huge , rusty boiler room door slowly swinging open like the entrance to Hell . Orange light flicker from below . kincaid still finish he prior statement . kincaid -- shhhiiiiit . another angle the tree slowly descend the stair , all bravado lose . they stop before the immense gate . within lie flicker darkness and twist step lead down . nancy this be it . be you ready ? Kristen nod . kincaid let 's snuff the fucker . they descend . int . boiler room - entrance Nancy , Kristen , and kincaid cautiously come down the wind stair and pass under a arch way make of twisted , scorched tricycle and shattered doll . they exchange worried look , then step through . master a surrealistic boiler room , air red with heat and haze . freddy sit on a throne make of child 's skull and bone . joey be nearby , suspend over the pit of flame like a weird altar . welcome to freddy Hell . freddy freddy ( low gutteral chuckle ) look joey ... all the little piggy have come home . joey he turn he terrify , plead eye toward he friend . his skin be hot and blister . the tongue that lash he hand and foot to the four post be writhe slowly , lick he ankle and wrist . he open he mouth in a mute , silent scream . nancy , kristen , kincaid kristen ( softly ) joey ... Nancy step forward . nancy let he go . the throne freddy sweep he hand , the obedient servant . freddy you wish be my command . he make a gesture . joey the tongue / creature secure he leave wrist unravel -- he drop precariously . the other tongue begin to loosen they hold . nancy lunge to the edge of the pit , reach for joey . freddy laugh maniacally . the pit the last tongue give way and joey drop -- -- just as Nancy snatch he wrist and hang on . kincaid grab Nancy by the belt and haul they both back out . kristen with a cry , she run and do a double flip over the burn pit -- right at freddy . the throne Kristen snap-kick right into freddy 's face , toppling he and the throne backwards . kincaid strain as he rip a six - foot section of pipe from the wall and race toward the throne . nancy help joey to he foot just as a tongue / creature fly out of the darkness and whip around she neck , strangling she . freddy rise from the rubble of he throne and lash at Kristen . she flip over he head -- but freddy backhand she , send she spin across the room . nancy clutch one end of the writhe tongue , she force it to the ground . she grab a furnace poker and skewer the creature . it instantly unravel from she neck . the fallen throne as freddy prepare to slash Kristen , kincaid race in , swinging he pipe in a wide arc . it smashes across freddy 's back , drive he to he knee . kincaid raise the pipe for a second blow , but freddy leap up with a roar and grab kincaid , haul he high over he head . Nancy rush in just as freddy 's arm be extend and plunge the poker into he heart . everyone freeze . freddy look down at the poker with a exaggerated gasp -- then flash a grin at Nancy . nancy react in horror . freddy release kincaid 's foot and hold he dangle by the throat . with he free hand , he pull the poker slowly from he chest . he look at the tip -- it glisten with dark , rancid gore . he lick it like a ice cream cone . nancy and kristen Kristen rise , use Nancy for support . kristen Nancy ! nancy he 's too strong ! he be never this strong ! freddy whirl to she , kincaid still choke in he upraise fist . freddy ( hiss ) yess ! the soul of the child ... he rip he shirt open , revealing he hideously scar body . freddy ( cont . ) ... they make I stronger . his flesh begin to undulate and swell . tight on freddy torso rippling blister appear , form into face -- horrible , torture face wail in despair . we recognize Phillip ... Jennifer ... will ... taryn ... nancy and kristen total horror and revulsion . closeup - freddy a insane , gleeful grin -- and a gutteral whisper : freddy always room for more . CUT to : ext . auto graveyard - trunk of ' 59 cadillac - night the burlap sack be lift out . tight on burlap sack as neil drop it beside a freshly dig grave . freddy 's bone clatter . CUT to : int . boiler room - night freddy flinch in pain -- he look up in fear , suddenly aware that somebody 's disturve he bone . his fear be slowly replace by a evil , cun grin . he vanish -- kincaid find himself struggle and choke in mid-air . he drop to the ground , gasp for breath . CUT to : ext . auto graveyard - night Thompson crawl from the shallow grave and throw the shovel aside . thompson what the hell good be this suppose to do ? ignoring he , Neil pick up the tire iron and hold it up . neil this will be we headstone . he jam the tire iron into the ground at the foot of the grave . it look like a cross . thompson ( hear something ) what be that ? neil what ? thompson listen . Neil now hear the faint SOUND of rock music on the night breeze . neil somebody else be out here . thompson no . we be alone . another song snap to life -- closer to they . the Rolling Stones ' " Sympathy for the Devil . " int . wrecked chevy we can see Neil and Thompson through the crack windshield of the rusted - out chevy . the radio suddenly light up , blaring another rock song . neil and thompson more music come from all around they , blast from the radio of long - dead auto , a cacophony of rock song from the 50' and 60' . we hear the howling of wolfman Jack . the car - various angle Broken headlight sputter to life . a windshield wiper near Thompson slap madly back and forth across shattered glass . horn honk . a expose fan blade whirr like a buzzsaw . neil and thompson thompson ( hoarse whisper ) the whole place be come to life ... both man turn to look at the burlap sack . there be a slight stir from within . Neil hurry over and grab the sack to throw it into the grave . the sack suddenly , a skeletal hand wear finger - razor tear through the rotted burlap and latch onto Neil 's wrist . the sack rip wide open as freddy 's char bone leap into life -- a hideous shambling skeleton scream with unearthly rage . thompson frozen to the spot . can not believe he eye . neil fall back , scramble away as freddy 's blade slash the air inch in front of he face . wider suddenly , jesse the junkyard dog hurtle out of the darkness onto the hellish thing 's back , bite and snap . the skeleton pull the dog from its back , slashes its throat in one quick motion , and toss the carcass aside . thompson something snap in he as he glare at the skeleton . thompson it 's really you . closeup - skeleton it turn and grin hideously at Thompson . thompson grab a piece of pipe and rush the monster . thompson I will send you back to Hell here you belong ! the creature meet Thompson 's rush head on , block the pipe and yanking he off he foot . it hurl Thompson through the air with incredible force . the cadillac Thompson slam into it , impale on the tail fin . he look down at the metal point jutting from he chest ... and die . neil grab the shovel and swing it -- the skeleton duck and slashes Neil 's rib , rip he shirt wide open . as Neil double over , the skeleton rip the shovel from he hand and smashes it solidly against he head . before Neil can crumple , the creature straighten he up with a second vicious blow -- we hear bone crack . Neil fall back into the grave . the skeleton shriek with unholy laughter and begin to shovel the loose dirt onto Neil . it toss the shovel aside , raise its arm into the air with a victorious howl -- and collapse into a pile of bone . CUT to : int . elm STREET house - night Nancy , Kristen , kincaid , and joey exit the boiler room , limping , batter , and bloody . they face the weird perspective of the elm Street hall . nancy Kristen , can you pull we out ? kristen they sedate I . we be stick here till it wear off . nancy let 's try this way . they start down a corridor and enter : int . sewing room eerie mannikin and a ornate three - way mirror stand in the shadow . kristen it 's a dead end . suddenly , there 's activity in the mirror . a waver light ... then freddy materialize . a infinity of freddy be reflect in the three - way mirror behind he . freddy sorry to keep you wait . perhaps if there be more of I to spread around . freddy run into the room , magically follow by row of he mirror reflection . kincaid Holy shit ! he 's multiply ! the room be suddenly fill with dozen of freddy slashing and chase we heroes . nancy leap over a wicker basket to escape a freddy . as a second freddy lunge , she jam a knitting needle through its throat . kristen spring over a group of freddy , catch a wall fixture , and flip across the room . kincaid with a battle cry , he plow into the charge freddy , bowl they over . joey cringe back , cower behind the mannikin . the mirror more freddy pour into the room . nancy be back into a corner , tear with slash mark . kristen deliver fly kick , but slow down . a freddy grab she from behind , hold she for the other . kincaid go down under the sheer weight of freddy crawl all over he , slashing . there be jsut too many . joey step out from behind the mannikin , shaking with emotion as he friend be overwhelm -- none of they can last more that a few second longer . he open he mouth and -- closeup - joey joey noooooooooooooooooooooooooo ! a incridible , deafen , universe - shaking cry . joey have find he dream power . the three - way mirror be blow into fragment . various angle all the freddy exploding into shard of hurtle glass as nancy , Kristen , and kincaied cover they ear . joey finally stop . total silence . he look just as surprised as everyone else at what he 's do . joey ( softly ) wow . ( do a double take at he own voice ) do I say that ? kincaid you sure as shit do ! you save we ass ! kristen he 's go ! we get he ! kincaid scoops joey into he arm in a crush bear hug . joey hey man , put I down ! CUT to : ext . junkyard - night tight on the open grave . a bloody , dirt - encrust hand grasp the edge of the grave . a second hand follow . Neil Goldman slowly , painfully pull himself out of the grave . he have a ugly wound on the side of he head and he collarbone 's break -- but he 's alive . gasp with pain , Neil crawl to the pile of freddy 's remain . with tremendous effort , he push hte bone over the edge into the grave . closeup - grave the bone tumble into the earthen pit . CUT to : int . sewing room - night Kristen help Nancy to she foot as she brushes away the shattered glass of the freddy . kristen be you okay ? nancy I think so . they embrace tearfully . nancy ( softly ) it 's over . it 's over . thompson ( o.s. ) Nancy ... Nancy turn and see she father float toward she , glow in a golden nimbus of light . nancy daddy ? thompson ( cont . ) I have cross over , princess . nancy cross over ? thompson but I could not go until I tell you how sorry I be for all the thing I have do . Nancy gaze at he , slowly comprehend . thompson ( cont . ) I love you so much . I will always love you . Goodbye , princess . Nancy go to embrace ehr father one final time . nancy I will always love you , dadd -- her word be cut short as she body jerk violently . another angle - tight " Thompson " be wear freddy 's glove -- the razor bury in Nancy 's stomach . closeup - nancy her eye wide and stare as she realize . nancy ( weakly ) no . closeup - freddy / thompson as Thompson 's face disappear and be replace by freddy 's . freddy die , bitch . he jam the blade in deeper . CUT to : ext - junkyard - night closeup on Neil -- use he one good hand , he grasp the bottle of holy water and uncork it with he tooth . he press it to he forehead and close he eye . neil ( hoarse whisper ) please God . for the child . for Nancy . he look down at freddy 's remain . neil ( cont . ) ash to ash . he flick a stream of holy water onto the bone . CUT to : int . sewing room - night freddy , still lock in a embrace with Nancy as she die , scream as a pattern of hole rip across he body -- bright shaft of light burst through . CUT to : ext . junkyard - night neil Dust to dust . he flick a second stream of water . CUT to : int . sewing room - night another arc of hole explode across freddy 's body . he arch back , shrieking -- -- and Nancy slide of he blade . Kristen run to she . CUT to : ext - junkyard - night Neil hold the crucifix . he lean down and press it against the skull . neil Lay this spirit to rest . CUT to : int . sewing room - closeup freddy a cross -shape hole explode from freddy 's forehead -- brilliant , blind white light pour out . wider as freddy stagger back , riddled with glow hole , we see a whrilwind of spirit face pour from he -- sould of he victim soar out , freed at last . kincaid and joey awestruck as they watch . freddy the hole expand , eat freddy alive as he scream echoes across the dreamscape . the shaft of light from he body merge into one white hot ball -- then explode . freddy be go . kristen cradle Nancy in she arm . nancy be drift toward death . kristen ( cry ) he 's go . it 's over . please do not die , Nancy . please . nancy ( weak ) I be so proud of you all . ( pause ) tell Neil I ... she sag against Kristen . Kristen shake she head , tear brim . kristen I will not let you die . i will not . ( lower , strange intensity ) I be go to dream you ... ( whisper in Nancy 's ear ) I be go to dream you into a beautiful dream . forever and ever . she close she eye and hold Nancy tight . slow dissolve to : ext . cemetery - dusk Three casket be surround by a large number of mourner . closer Kristen , joey , and kincaid watch tearfully . Neil , wear a neck brace , put he arm around the kid as the casket be lower . closeup - neil he notice movement on the hilltop . neil Pov the nun stand on the crest of the hill . she turn and walk away , disappear from view . neil leave the funeral and start up the hillside after she . hilltop as neil reach the tree where he first meet the nun , he catch a glimpse of she as she dissappear behind a crypt . neil sister ... wait . the crypt Neil round the crypt -- the nun have vanish . only a simple tombstone stand at this edge of the field . Neil step closer . the tombstone the inscription read : here lies amanda krueger her name in Christ , sister Mary helena . bear 1907 - die 1968 closeup - neil neil ( softly ) my God . you be he mother . dissolve to : ext . neil be house - night the season have change . a blanket of freshly fall snow cover the house . a vw rabbit with New York plate be park in the driveway . int . neil house Kristen and Neil have finish a meal together and be sip wine . her hair be short . Neil look thin , a little weary . neil I be glad thing have work out for you . kristen I think new York be just what I need . so many people . I never feel alone . neil ( smile ) the city that never sleep . ( pause ) so what will you do now ? kristen I do not know . I be busy with school . New friend . ( beat ) but I will never forget the old one . neil ( raise he glass ) to old friend . and you new dream . kristen to old friend . CUT to : ext . neil be house - night Neil be at the door , see Kristen off . neil it be great see you again . I be glad you drop by . kristen ( pause at she car ) do you still ... see each other ? neil ( strange little smile ) yes . I be go to see she tonight . Kristen nod . she know it . kristen will you say hi ? ( he smile that he will ) good night . int . house Neil close the door . he 's alone in the empty house . he turn out the light and trudge slowly upstairs . CUT to : int . neil be bedroom - night Neil in bed , drift off to sleep . the tight , weary look be go from he face -- he look peaceful , content . pan to the paper mache model of the elm Street House . it 's different now -- clean and pure and invite . a lovely little place , in fact . fade out the end ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;