a perfect getaway David twohy June 12 , 2007 page 1. glitch in : 1 int . banquet room - '' W '' HOTEL - westwood - night 1 a raucous wedding reception . it 's after dinner , after midnight , after all sense of decorum . if there 's a real videographer here , we do not see he : our Pov , bouncy and raw , be through the lens of different video - cam around the party . we feature ... a table of she friend , sorority sister , wiping armpit with napkin , try to cool down before hit the dance floor again . unaware of our video camera : bridesmaid # 1 ... it be all I . I be there at the Black eyed pea concert ... I make the intros ... I get they hook up ... I tell cliff he could not play game with a Alpha phi girl when he be see that other little slut . and then when he be go to propose ? finally ? he practice on I to get it right . * * bridesmaid # 2 so you gonna fuck he tonight , rita ? scandalous laughter . bridesmaid # 1 ( recover with a joke ) I already do . more laughter -- until '' rita '' spot our camera . bridesmaid # 1 you gimme that thing . right . now . glitch to : A1 a scrum of he friend , film freak , all hoist handycams and Coronas . groomsman # 1 ( unaware of camera ) '' puppet show ? '' she do a puppet show after I leave ? cameraman ( o.s. ) hey ! what 's the good word for cliff and cydney ? the guy orient to camera . A1 page 2 . best man first the big studio sale , now the big wedding . m.v.p. year for we boy clifford .... groomsman # 2 I fuckin’ hate you , Anderson ! groomsman # 3 when you be all famous , do not forget you posse from film class . boy in the ' Wood Hood . best man you dance with who brung ya , cliff , you dance with who brung ya .... groomsman # 1 ( still not to camera ) it 's bullshit , right ? puppet just can not pop out of a body like that . you guy be just makin 's shit up ' cuz I split the party early .... glitch to : b1 bouquet toss . the girl leap and scramble . b1 glitch to : c1 garter toss . the guy bob and weave . c1 glitch to : d1 the band plays Gary hoey 's '' money . '' background , we see the bride , cydney , wear pin - on greenback . foreground , a cheap man have he buck all ready to go . d1 cheap man it 's call '' a dollar dance . '' cheap man 's wife in 1967 , it be a '' dollar dance . '' try a fifty . as they wrangle over denomination , cydney change dance partner in the background . a bear of a man wrap she up . glitch to : e1 the crowd roar approval : cydney just push cake into she husband 's face . sputter , cliff take off he glass and look around . all we see be two eye and a mouth . e1 page 3. facial ! crowd voice # 1 crowd voice # 2 cliff ! you look like a white bowl ball , dude ! glitch to : f1 gift table . unsupervise , the ring boy and flower girl tear open wedding gift . Christmas come early . f1 glitch to : g1 the parent of the GROOM . Father be retire navy . try to determine the exit-strategy . he 's g1 father of GROOM now I be still transport cliff and cydney to the airport , correct ? first thing in the morning ? mother of GROOM that change . we be pick they up after the honeymoon . father of GROOM just put it on paper , that 's all I ask . if cliff can write a 120 - page story for they , maybe he can write a one - page movement - order for he father . where be that boy , anyway ? glitch to : h1 the bar . cliff be put in a headlock by a aggressively drunk tommy . it 's a old sibling ritual that cliff keep hope will die a natural death . it have not . tommy my little brother gettin’ marry before I , huh ? cliff yeah , I wonder why . barkeep ! h1 * * C ’mon , let up . tommy ' nother brewsky here , huh ? cliff Tommy , you armpit smell like ass , okay ? will you let the fuck up ? Christ , 28 year old and he 's still doin 's it to I .... * * * page 4 . tommy come all the way from Michigan to do this one more time .... * Tommy savagely knuckle - rub the top of cliff 's head . * glitch to : j1 Pool deck . cydney 's sister try to hide she cigarette while be interview on camera . she 's with a clueless husband who page through a guide book of Hawaii . j1 * * cydneya sister ... well , far be it from my little sister to do the typical honeymoon -a high -rise in waikiki with a little snorkel - pond ? do not think so . some friend of ours do the kalalau Trail last year and come back with the most amazing picture , so -clueless husband so they be go to maui , right ? 2 * * sister roll she eye . cam push in on a fold - out map of the Hawaiian island as husband get correct . * * cydneya sister '' kauai . '' the last island , number five , one - two - three - four-five , right there . and hon , if you do not know what you be sayin’ , please do not say it on camera , ' kay ? ( back to camera ) I think they just want to start off they life together with some kind of ... adventure .... * * * * * * * * * * ext . '' W '' HOTEL - westwood - night 2 video : cliff and cydney dash for the limo . he 's a win combination of look and smart . she 's Alpha phi , all rise and honey . detail beyond that be lose in a blizzard of rice , confetti , camera flash . with he own handycam , cliff tape the well-wishers all around they . 3 ext . road to hanalei - day video : we be shoot cliff from the Pov of he own lap . he lap a shave ice as he drive some kind of convertible , palm tree glide through frame , everything set against a achingly blue sky . 3 page 5 . cydney ( o.s. ) I have a question for you , Mr. cliff Anderson of Venice Beach , California .... cliff yes , Mrs. cydney Anderson , formally miss cydney carswell of Pacific palisade , California .... cydney ( o.s. ) how have you get the little scar ? her finger enter frame , touch under he chin . cydney ( o.s. / cont ’d ) can not believe I just find it . cliff Long story . involves homeland Security and I be unexpectedly press into service as a deputy air marshal . I do not talk about it much . try again . cydney ( o.s. ) less grandiose . * cliff brother hit I with he skateboard when I be nine year old . claim it be a accident . cydney ( o.s. ) which brother 's this ? cliff that have be Tommy . Michigan . the one from * cydney ( o.s. ) think he say '' maryland '' at the wedding . cliff Excuse I , whose brother be this ? cydney ( o.s. ) well , I see like 16 brother there . okay , '' Tommy from Michigan . '' a new wife should know this thing .... * * CUT to : page 6 . a3 fly cam shot : we first film view reveal cydney with she head in cliff 's lap , handycam roll , she foot out the passenger window of a yellow Jeep . they drive through the endless lushness of kauai . a3 * * * b3 closer two shot b3 cydney '' Mrs. cydney Anderson ... Mrs. cydney carswell Anderson .... '' it 's like write check in January -- I know I be go to blow it . cliff keep practice . cydney practice on this .... * * she steal he shave ice , give it a suggestively long lick . cliff do not that guidebook say there be no snake in Hawaii ? 4 int . / ext . helicopter company - kauai - day 4 outside , we see a whapping helo on the pad , head - dip tourist board . Inside , we find cliff at the counter , pay cash for a upcoming tour . counter girl now what about the extra video ? camera 's right there in front of you , get all you reaction . we cut it into scenery from the tour . cliff ( patting handycam ) think I will take my own , thanks . counter girl have it ready before you leave . * cliff just the one-hour '' fly over to die over , '' please . and might ant you have come up with a better name ? * * a unwatch tv drone nearby , volume low . tv anchor ... from all over the world , some to get marry , some on they honeymoon , ( more ) page 7 . tv anchor ( cont 'd ) other to simply enjoy the trade wind and liquid sunshine . but for at least two young people , it seem paradise become a very dangerous place . report from honolulu be we own Katie nakamura .... that helo revs up outside . cliff join cydney at the window to watch the take - off -- but camera stays behind on that tv , where the scene change to a field reporter at a major crime scene . the helo drown out she word , but the ticker at the bottom of the screen read ... '' grisly Discovery at honolulu Harbor . '' 5 ext . kauai - helicopter view - day 5 our airborne Pov sweep up and over a mountain ridge to reveal the great wai’ale ’ale crater . we stomach drop out beneath we . what a rush . 6 int . hughes 500 helicopter - day 6 we find cliff and cydney inside the sight - see chopper - the doorless chopper -- as it bank to offer up a new vista . cliff hang out the starboard side to get it all on tape . cydney hang onto he , not trust the harness . cydney get back in here ! cliff never know there be so many shade of green ! here , get a picture of I ! everywhere , waterfall drop 3,000 foot . Earth 's river end right here . 7 it 's like all the ext . kauai - aerial montage - day the sight - see chopper overflys the waimea Canyon , the '' Grand Canyon of the Pacific , '' all wild and raw ... exotic manawaiopuna Falls , familiar from '' jurassic Park '' ... a pod of whale breach coastal water ... and the great napali Coast . steep green mountain , carve by a million year of erosion , end abruptly at the Pacific Ocean . a hike trail be see twist and turn with the coastline . 7 page 8. 8 int . hughes 500 helicopter - day 8 from that trail below , tiny trekker wave to we . cliff ( to pilot ) I be gonna do that ! kalalau ! trail right down there ! that * pilot do it myself , back - in- the -day ! show you what it 's all for .... they thunder on toward ... kalalau Beach , a golden crescent of sand . Mountains cordon it off from inland area -- and the rest of civilization . pilot most gorgeous dead - end God ever make ! cydney forget the hike ! just drop we off right now ! pilot only two way in and out , cydney - on foot or by kayak . but that 's what make it special ! the pilot bank away . cydney and cliff crane neck to keep the beach in view as long as possible . 9 ext . hanalei bridge - day 9 fly cam shot : in a valley floor quilt with taro field , cliff and cydney drive over a one - lane bridge and head for the sleepy town of Hanalei . 10 ext . general store - hanalei - day * 10 the yellow Jeep park . one tire stop right on a discard newspaper , the '' oahu Daily News . '' 11 int . general store - day supply guy now how many day you allow ? a native supply guy huddle with cliff over a trail map . nearby , he grey earth momma wife ring purchase - dehydrated food in pouch , iodine pill , water - camel , mess kit , magnesium fire - starter , white gas stove . 11 page 9 . cliff one day in , one on the beach , another day out ? supply guy common mistake . cliff you think I need more ? supply guy I do not know if you will need more , but you will sure want more . but so long as you get you permit and they be generally up - to-date .... cliff yeah , yeah , right here .... he keep they inside a color brochure . supply guy ( check permit ) because the ranger do get out and work the trail , especially after the three - mile marker . so you want to keep this close , cliff . frown , cliff pull a can off a shelf . it 's some kind of cut-rate spam . if such a thing be possible . cliff people will actually eat this ? '' potte meat product ? '' earth momma honey , I will not even read the ingredient . come to $ 427.57 . cydney appear with a few more thing -- hat , sunblock , bandana -- add they to the check - out pile . cydney and this . ( snuggling up to cliff ) miss I ? cliff ( scowling at map ) Three day sound plenty to I .... through a unwash window , we see a primer - grey El camino park outside . * page 10 . cydney nine whole minute -- that 's the longest we have be away from each other since we get marry . you musta miss I something awful , huh ? cliff ( to supply guy ) 11.5 mile , right ? each way ? cydney ( in cliff 's ear ) C ’mon , just say you do . I will give you a b.j. in the car ... another one .... supply guy but see , you be gonna cross five valley , and each time you do , you be gonna gain or lose 1,000 foot of elevation . that 's the killer . close on a mechanical parrot mount above the entrance door , the Hawaiian equivalent of a dingle - bell . it squawks as someone enter . cydney ( mock huffy ) well , I miss you . cliff ( teasing she ) what , do you go somewhere ? earth momma make that $ 475.35 . * cliff produce a wad of cash . cliff know it look like I rob a bank , but .... cydney we wedding haul . now reveal chronic , the owner of the El camino . he 's a blonde- dread rasta-punk with a bead '' chronic '' choker around he neck . ( note : chronic and Earth momma slip into local pidgin-speak . it happen background . ) earth momma howzit , baby boy .... ( kissing he ) ( more ) * page 11 . earth momma ( cont 'd ) glad see back . nowhere near honolulu , be you ? chronic ( shaking head ) other side . wave be junk for three day , mo bettah here . why , what 's the stink in ' lulu ? earth momma ( remember customer ) maybe nuff for now . wanna help this two out to they car ? chronic shoot , yeah . just dump my gear , be ri’ widdem . chronic flash cliff and cydney a grin before head for the rear of the store . he seem like a harmless doper . though he do get a look at cliff 's wad of cash . cliff ( to Earth momma ) I think we get it . thanks . 12 ext . general store - town of hanalei - day 12 finish load , cliff and cydney hop back into the Jeep . as they crank over , the supply guy and he wife step outside to see they off . supply guy and get a early start ! aloha ! earth momma a friendly round of wave . but as cliff back up ... one tire uncover that oahu newspaper -- the one they never see . a photo show two body cover in bloody sheet . the headline reveal '' Young couple butcher in honolulu . '' 13 ext . NORTH shore - kauai - sunrise beauty shot : 14 13 first light bathes the island gold . int . / ext . jeep - NORTH shore road - morning fly cam shot : we be bombing along highway 560 in we yellow Jeep , en route to the trailhead . 93.5 ( '' kong '' ) play some bouncy reggae , '' I need you Love . '' 14 * page 12 . cydney ( sing along ) wo not you open up you heart ... and let I in ... for you and I will never part ... that you should know , so ... I need you love for more than just a hour ... I need you love more than just a day ... so hold I close , my love will never falter ... I need you love each and every day ... na-na-na-na-na-na .... cliff join in on the na-na - na chorus . cydney I love we new life . the Jeep wheel onward , soon round a bend and pass ... two hitcher , back turn , thumb out . cliff pull over . cydney what be you doin 's ? cliff it 's Hawaii . it 's a two - word defense unto itself . cydney scowl at she side mirror . there we see the two hitcher hustling closer . male and female , late 20 . cydney so in Hawaii , cliff and cydney do thing they normally would not ? like pick up hitch-hiker ? cliff nothing bad ever happen here , right ? he rearview mirror Pov : of the hitcher . the closer get , the dodgier they get : the girl look like oxnard skank , wear a almost - nuthin’ bandana top . the guy dark and rip , the kind of rip you get from steroid prison . or steroid in prison . cydney that 's a hard look they get .... they surfer be or page 13 . kale ( he ) and cleo ( she ) sling they rucksack aboard . cliff how far you goin 's ? cleo lumahai beach ? that area ? cydney ( buy time ) lumahai ... lumahai ... not sure we know that .... cleo ' Bout 10 mile ahead , right on this road . you know , right by where the big trail start . you know that trail ? cliff oh , yeah , sure . that big trail .... cliff spot a tattoo on kale 's chest . it 's right where a e.r. doctor might want to put he defib paddle . and it say '' do not revive . '' cliff ( cont ’d ) ... but we be not goin’ that far . cydney look relieved . but kale look unhappy about get out of a ride he 's already in . especially when that ride be full of trail gear . kale so how far do you go ? cliff just , y’know . up the road here . ( off kale 's stare ) so if you just hang here another five minute , maybe someone else come along who can take you all the - cleo we be waitin’ for , like , a hour ' fore you stop . maybe more . shit , think this be Hawaii . kale jump out , grab he rucksack . c’mon . kale with a desperate edge , cleo produce photo and start show they to cydney . page 14 . cleo some of this pitcher totally suck - just one of that camera you chuck afterwards . but this one , this one 's good .... kale this people wanna see less of we , cleo . not more . cleo that 's kale gettin’ a new tatt .... uh-huh .... cydney cleo oh , here , here it be . that 's we doin 's the deed on oahu -- just wake up one morning and decide to get marry . pretty , be not it ? cydney ( come around ) oh , yeah . it be pretty with that whole arbor of .... ( a double -take ) be this a grocery store ? cleo '' Paula 's market . '' they do it up real nice for you -- put that big hoop thing over you head with all kind of lettuce and pineapple part and stuff . produce manager take that pitcher . I know it sound kinda tacky ? but it be pretty friggin’ pretty after they add all the little radish in there .... cydney show the photo to cliff . cydney kale and cleo get marry on oahu . cliff ( nodd '' nice '' ) Suitable for frame . he tap he wedding ring on the steering wheel , deliberate a beat before ... page 15 . cliff tell you what . we will just drive you there . cydney only 10 mile , right ? there by now . coulda be kale maybe next time . aw , kale . cleo do not be that way . kale get out , baby . cliff C ’mon , guy . let 's not turn this into a bigger deal than it really - kale cleo . get the fuck out of this man 's ride . cleo know that tone of voice -- and know to respect it . kale round the car for a private word with cliff . kale my mother , she be like this ... metaphysical gypsy Christian psychic chick . know the type , right ? oh , sure . cliff kale I use to think she be mess up in the head , but then sometimes ... something occur ... that make I think I acquire some of she gypsy power . like right now . right now I do believe I can divine what you be think . cliff an’ what 's that ? kale '' I hope I never run into this dire motherfucker again . '' it 's a pretty good guess . kale rap on the Jeep like a car salesman see you off the lot . * page 16 . kale take care , hot wheel . cliff take the cue and hit the gas . 15 int . moving jeep - highway 560 - day 15 cydney so. could we maybe have handle that better ? forget it . mirror . rearview mirror Pov : 16 cliff already in my rearview of kale and cleo . grow small . ext . kalalau trailhead - day 16 two kind of people here : that who have not do the trail unpack car energetically . that who just finish the trail -- muddy to the knee -- load car like the live dead . video Pov : smile back in place , cliff and cydney pose near a sign herald the '' kalalau Trail . '' per norm , cydney be drape all over cliff . when the video image click off ... we CUT back to we film view . handycam to cliff . look good ? a camera samaritan return the cliff camera samaritan I be just point and shoot . too many button on this new thing . cliff yeah -- that 's what you get for buyin’ top -of - the-line . might have to actually break down and read the manual someday . cydney let 's get it star-te ... let 's get it star-te in here .... cliff and cydney shrug into they pack and hit the trail . they pass another sign . falling rock and steep drop - off along cliffside trail from here to kalalau page 17 . 17 ext . above ke’e beach - the trail - day 17 a half - hour later . now baptize in sweat and mud , cliff and cydney reach a open spot on the trail and look back on ... the northern tip of the island . sunlight rake across ke 's beach and its postcard - perfect reef lagoon . Beyond that lie a sea of undulate glass . cliff the perfect getaway . 18 ext . crawler 's ledge - the trail - day the terra-cotta trail narrow . to the right be one of that '' steep drop-off . '' make thing worse , a weepy waterfall drain across the trail ahead , and some of the rock seem slippery with moss . ( vfx shot . ) 18 * * cydney well , everyone else do it . cliff do they really ? he lean right , check for body that might be littering the crashing surf far below . nick ( o.s. ) show it no fear . come up from behind be nick , 32 . he wear nylon jeans , sport sandal , mil-spec boonie hat , a engage grin -- all wrap up in a air of invincibility . make that '' a flair '' of invincibility . cydney ( be trail ) be some of it wash out , or .... nick watch I . keep you eye down , you speed up ... avoid the green rock ... and just ...be ... fearless . just like that , he 's across the bad patch . cydney ( to cliff ) make it look easy . cliff he 's not wear a a - 16 store on he back . * * page 18. in fact , all Nick carry be a butane tank and walk stick . now cliff gird and go . he 's not as slick as Nick , but he make it to the other side without calamity . Nick pull he past and now motion for ... cydney . start across . Nick hold out he stick , offer it should she need it . below cydney , wave boom onto rock . cliff doin 's good , cydney , doin’ real good .... suddenly a tourist helo rocket overhead . cydney startles . her foot hit a green rock . pushes off . slip . cydney totter on the edge , she hand grab blindly for ... Nick 's stick . miss ... miss ... and snagging it . Nick pull hard and straight . suddenly cydney be on the other side , the safe side , reele into Nick 's arm . shit . cydney do I almost die right there ? nick not on my watch . * cliff c’mere , c’mere .... cydney think I be doin’ pretty well until that damn .... cliff take possession of the shake cydney . for Nick , he 's already head out . hey ! cliff what 's you name ? when they look page 19 . 19 ext . the trail - minute later 19 hiking as a threesome now : nick now have we cross path before ? some theater of the world ? ' cuz when I first see you guy , I be feelin’ a little deja-vuey . cliff nowhere I remember , Nick . nick but that face .... actor , cliff ? you some kinda cliff no , no , no . nick have not see you on tv . cliff no such luck . cydney actually , cliff 's a screenplay writer , very seek - after . several of the big studio want he for they movie project now . nick knew I smell fame and fortune on you . screenplay writer , huh ? cliff ( mock humble ) we say '' screenwriter . '' nick any movie I might know ? cliff well , my first script be actually in pre-production right now . so ask I again this time next year , and .... nick who 's in it ? cliff still try to figure that out . still casting up . * page 20 . nick well , Nick cage be always money in my book . I like how he get all mad right at the end of the sentence ! so you get a good Act two twist ? cliff ( suddenly on guard ) you , uh , in the business , Nick ? nick me? Nah . just take some course - one of that write boot camp . have so many ass - pucker experience in life , I figure , hell , I will just throw ‘em down on paper , make myself a million buck . cliff not so easy , be it ? nick I like it all ' cept the paperwork - y’know , actually makin 's page ? but I get the basic down -- three act , hero with a journey , red snapper . all that stuff . cliff '' Red snapper ? '' nick you know , you bring in a character just to mess with the audience . you try to throw ‘em off - track by - '' herring . '' cliff '' Red herring . '' nick pretty sure it 's '' snapper . '' ' scuse I while I shake the bush here .... Nick step off -trail , unzip . look out over the ocean . cliff do likewise . nick so you be like halfway to famous , huh , cliff ? cydney there 's a whole big crew gettin’ ready up in Vancouver . Building set . cydney page 21 . nick ( frown ) they be there and you be here ? cliff well , it 's a long story , but ... they bring on another guy to do a quick rewrite . nick on you story ? cliff just a two - week punch -up . yeah ? nick and how long ago be this ? cliff uh... nine week . nick ( shaking head ) that be not right . it 's you baby , you vision , cliff . should not let they get away with that . cydney he 's get this agent , but they do not want to fight for he . I finally tell cliff he just should get new - cliff hey , not that '' I '' be not my favorite subject ? but maybe we can just talk about something else for awhile . jesus. nick ( zipping up ) I will just say one more thing , cliff . one last pearl of wisdom . cliff get a new agent ? nick get a new story . Nick 's eye be dance : he may have just the one in mind . * page 22. 20 ext . the trail - day 20 stall on the trail be three corn -fed kansas CITY girl , late teens whose adjective - de- jour be '' major . '' they be all jabbing cell phone with frustrating result . when they spot cliff , cydney , and Nick approach ... K.C. girl # 1 you hear about oahu ? what happen there ? why ? cydney what do happen ? K.C. girl # 1 well , my dad just call from k.c.k .? could not hear everything , reception 's like major shit out here , but ... he be sayin’ something about some murder .... suddenly everyone have a cell phone out , thumbing button and wander around for reception like dowser search for water . flat-line . nick cliff in and out . mostly out . ( to girl ) be this in honolulu ? K.C. girl # 3 '' dad '' want we to leave . I think he 's in major over - reaction mode , okay ? K.C. girl # 2 some newlywed get kill . be that right , lori ? that what he say ? cydney God , we be just there . yesterday . Day before K.C. girl # 3 no way do I chicken - shit outta here . we plan this for five - and -a-half month . do he not even know it 's a different island ? cydney what else he say , you dad ? know who do it ? do they * page 23. K.C. girl # 1 look for two people -- man and a woman . ' sall I get . nick ( to cliff ) like that movie , huh ? killer ? '' '' Natural bear Girls # 1 and # 2 actually gasp . K.C. girl # 2 oh , that movie so freak I out . majorly . K.C. girl # 1 K.C. girl # 2 when he head be do that thing ? girl # 3 , the one who want to stay , squint raw ire at Nick . '' thanks , asshole . '' cliff ( to cydney ) whaddya think ? cydney that 's oahu , not here . cliff speak now or forever hold you peace .... cydney this be we honeymoon . ( to K.C. girl ) C ’mon , guy , you can hike with we . we be go all the way to kalalau Beach . all the way to the end . hey . K.C. girl # 2 ( a beat ) so you be like ... newlywed . K.C. girl # 1 well , that 's cool ... but , uh , I think we be just gonna get the hell out of Hawaii . thanks anyway . K.C. girl # 3 be you major - ass crazy ? K.C. girl # 2 second the motion ! * * * page 24 . K.C. girl # 1 ( to cydney and cliff , creepe out for they ) hokay . have a swell honeymoon , guy .... the K.C. girl grab pack and start back for the trail -head . girl # 3 follow reluctantly , haranguing the other two as major coward . but soon they be all run . 21 ext . napali cliff - the trail - day 21 fly cam shot : we be short - cut over switchback , we airborne camera soon find cliff , cydney , and Nick back on the move . 22 ext . trail junction / napali cliff - same nick well , my exit here . hard yard ahead . be safe -- some leave the main trail , Nick start up a connect path . cydney note a rock paint with a cryptic '' s.f . '' cydney you be camp at '' secret Falls ? '' ( off Nick 's look ) well , they talk about it in the guide book . nick just for the day . have to run back to the truck for a little butane . cydney how close be it ? nick like everything else in Hawaii -' as close as faraway get . '' cydney ( to cliff , hopeful ) sound romantic .... cliff consider the new trail . it 's steep , slippery , lace with tree root . not so romantic . cliff wanna make that beach by sunset . * * * 22 * page 25 . cydney ( to Nick ) it 's only , what , a mile ? the fall ? cliff maybe we should let the man have he privacy . nick do not matter to I . to go around . plenty of eden about to decline , cliff spot ... two trekker on a switchback far behind they . one be male , the other female . and they look uncomfortably like .... what ? cydney she track he gaze , but now the two trekker have slip from sight . be it even they ? cliff one mile , huh ? 23 ext . trail to secret fall - day en route to secret Falls , Nick and cydney be in the lead , chat it up like old friend . cydney ... and all of cliff 's family come into town -- he 's Catholic , or at least he begin that way , so that be kind of a happy invasion . and I have get a big family , too , all really close ... and then my other sister have to be invite , my sorority sister .... kept go up and up , but I have say we have 300 people at the reception ... maybe more . but I will tell you , it be just the most magical weekend .... Nick help she over the rough patch , once push on she ass when she threaten to fall back onto he . they laugh it off as they pass camera . next come ... the unlaugh cliff . he 's sweat like pig at a luau , struggle with the grade and the weight on he back . stop for water , he turn to check ... 23 page 26 . the trail behind we . we listen carefully for a few moment but hear only bird call . no human sound . satisfied he 's alone , cliff turn back and bump into Nick . nick gotta maintain you grouping . this way . 24 ext . secret fall - day 24 our bushwhacking Pov : the bamboo soon part to reveal a grotto of matchless beauty . a single cataract of water drop 50 foot to feed a limpid pool reserve for ... a water nymph . stroke languidly across the pool . cydney shed she pack . watch ... the nymph . cliff squat and lean back on he , switch to backstroke , she roll over . cliff I do believe ... she 's clotheless . cydney I do believe ... he be too . Nick be shed external as he move to the pool . he dive in like a human blade , barely rippling the surface , then resurface to greet the water nymph mouth - first . nick this be gina ! cliff do he mention gina before ? nick the crazy - ass love of my crazy - ass life ! cydney mention it right now . okay . * * cliff so they be like '' a couple . '' cydney slide he a look . stop it . '' '' I know what you be think and gina ya all comin 's in or what ? page 27 . cydney ( to cliff ) be we all goin 's in or what ? cliff ( take out cell phone ) gimme a minute ... see if I can get some reception here .... cydney well , while you be doin’ that .... feeling frisky , she reach back and pluck the string on she halter top . it draw a look from cliff . cydney '' it 's Hawaii . '' the halter hit the ground . with one arm drape demurely across she chest , cydney move to pool 's edge and swipe a toe . she deliberate over she calvin klein 's but ease in with they still on . cydney burr-r-r-r-r .... nick ( to gina ) guess the carpet do not match the drape .... gina ( splash he ) oh , you shush up . intercut cliff , fire up he cell phone . it 's trick out , Internet capable . the reception 's still on life - support - but there be a heartbeat there . cliff look up - waterfall . terrace ? can he get up there ? cydney and gina meet up in the pool . cydney hope we be not intrude on you own private paradise here . gina forget it . nicko 's always bringin’ home stray . cydney '' Mrs. cydney Anderson . '' newlywed . we be to that page 28. gina '' miss gina scrugg . '' we be not . she shoot a not -so-subtle look in Nick 's direction . shoot a little palm - squirt back at she . he gina ( back to cydney ) ' cuz , you see , it 's illegal to marry child . nick even in Georgia ? she go after he . 25 he dive away in mock horror . ext . top of secret fall - day 25 fly cam : move better without he pack , cliff reach the top of the waterfall and the stream that feed it . * he check he phone . same crappy signal . he wave the phone overhead like a witch doctor shaking a talisman , check again . ah , that 's better . cliff go on -line . google '' honolulu murder . '' get some hit , a lot of hit . pick the most promise one . 26 ext . secret fall - day 26 tread water : gina be you shittin’ I ? cydney some girl on the trail tell we . gina well , gad . so much for paradise . they know who it be do the killin’ ? cydney not that we hear . but I think cliff be try to find out more right now .... 27 ext . top of secret fall - day cliff ( mumble -read off phone ) ... Thursday on oahu ... possibly mainlander on they honeymoon ... ( more ) 27 page 29 . cliff ( cont 'd ) tooth and fingerprint remove ... have reason to believe killer may have jump island , possibly to kauai ... 28 ext . secret fall - day Nick slip out of the water . before reach for clothes . two rucksack . 29 * * * 28 * he don he boonie hat first but now he clock ... and they be not here before . ext . top of secret fall - day 29 cliff ( off phone ) ... security camera behind dance club ... release this photo of suspect .... a '' download photo '' button blink at cliff . he 's about to hit it when he spot a reflection in the move water . it 's of a woman stand across the stream . cleo. kale ( o.s. ) ' know what I hear ? * * cliff whirl . even closer , kale be dunking he head - rag in the stream , use it to wipe off trail - grime . it 's not the least bit threaten , what he do . and that 's what make it threaten . kale ( cont ’d ) few people die out here every year . they stand under a waterfall , get hit by some fall rock . or maybe they just slip and go right over , vanish . who know how ? or even why ? May be the wage of sin . cliff pocket the cellphone . head -rag . * * * * * * kale stand and rety he kale how you doin’ , hot wheel ? * * cliff * * good . kale two lie in one day . to you , huh ? come natural * * page 30 . cliff be you follow we , kale ? * * kale you know , it be not that you deceive we -- every man get a pack of lie in ‘im . it 's that you think we be foolish enough to buy it . * * * * * cliff I be not sure what -- * * kale just ' cuz we choose to look a certain way , you think that automatically make we , what , desperados ? you think a man 's inner soul be reveal by he exterior visage ? * * * * * * no . cliff I do not think that . * * kale there you go again . Jesus , feel like the whole world be just spittin’ in my face , sometimes .... it 's say like someone abuse he entire life . to get into kale 's childhood trauma right now : * * * * not want cliff think you say you be goin’ to lumahai Beach . cleo goin 's to that area. say . that 's what we cliff well , you do not say you be doin’ the trail . kale neither do you . cliff try to leave . kale block . cliff look , I be sorry . I be sorry if you think we .... but we do offer a ride and you do not want it . you do not take it . so I really do not see what the issue be between .... * * * page 31 . over kale 's shoulder , Nick . he 's make it to the top of the fall -- and shit , be we glad to see he . kale .... cleo she tip she head Nick 's way . nick Joy and happiness here ? * * Nick and kale assess each other . they be both formidable in different way : kale be thick and savage , a street brawler who might punch you face through the back of you skull . Nick be lean and cocksure , a 10 - and -0 middleweight who seem willing to fight out of he class . cliff think we be good . this time he get past kale . kale so how far you goin 's , hot wheel ? cliff just playin’ it by ear . you ? kale maybe that first beach . call ? whazzit cliff '' Hanakapi’ai . '' good day hike . kale maybe there , maybe further . cliff need permit to go farther . kale just laugh . cliff and Nick start down . cleo shoulda just give we a ride , man . 30 ext . secret fall - day out of the pool , gina slip on a tight tee - top stencill , '' what be you lookin 's at ? '' she 's shaping up as delightfully and unapologetically trashy . 30 page 32 . gina ... so after a $ 45 taxi ride , we wind up at the '' Ocean View Hotel , '' which , come to find , actually have not have a ocean view since 1987 when all this high - rise go up ' cross the street . waikiki ? honestly , that whole place be dancin’ on my very last nerve .... cydney only half - listen : that two rucksack be familiar , and now she eye search the path to the upper fall . she 's relieved when cliff and Nick appear . cydney be we okay ? cliff let 's keep a eye on we time . cydney do that pack belong to who I think they belong - cliff Said they be gonna do the trail all along . I do not know , maybe they be . Christ , 1:30 already . he move to he pack and start zipping flap . gina wanna break down that tarp , nicko ? we should be clack - a-lackin’ , too . ( to cydney ) think we have tag along , if it 's okay . all goin’ to the same place , right ? cydney Fine by I , if .... she look for cliff 's sign - off . he pack . but he 's still mess with cliff you take the permit ? cydney never touch ‘em . cliff well , they be right here inside this brochure ... cydney do you leave they at the store ? page 33. cliff I be pretty sure I have they right .... in fact , I be positive I put .... his eye fall on kale 's rucksack . time CUT to : a30 closeup of cliff 's hand pillaging the rucksack . it 's a rat 's nest in there , and we do not find any permit . but we do uncover ... a30 a business card . '' ernesto padillo , parole agent , California Department of correction . '' and scrawle on the backside : '' next appt -- 8/11 . '' nick ( o.s. ) while we be still young , cliff ! cliff stand to get a sight - line : Nick , gina , and cydney be all load up and ready to head down -trail . one sec ! cliff time CUT to : b30 backpack on , cliff join the other . b30 nick we leave no man behind . cliff let 's do some hard yard . 31 ext . the trail - day fly cam : a foursome now , cliff , cydney , Nick , gina be back trekk the main trail . the great Pacific , just hour ago turquoise , have change its mood to slate-grey . mile out , flat - bottome cloud drop veil of rain . gina ( see it come ) well , guess you can not have rainbow without a little rain .... nick you hear that cliff here 's a big screenplay writer ? * 31 * page 34 . gina ( impressed ) you write for the movie ? whoopty-tah .... well , cliff we say '' screenwriter . '' nick he 's on the prowl for a new story . you know , cliff , I could tell you shit you be not see in no Hollywood movie before . like the time - gina ( sotto to Nick ) you watch yourself now .... what ? nick gina you know what I mean . gina spark up a little maui-wowie . nick well , maybe cliff here can change the name to protect the guilty . you do that in movie , right ? ' cuz some of the stuff I get here be like double down - low . cliff check the trail behind . * all clear . gina do you know johnny depp ? nick he know Nick cage . can you see he playin’ I in some movie ? cydney ( to cliff , surprised ) you know Nick cage ? cliff guess I do now . he slip out he phone . no reception here . gina I myself , I like that johnny depp better . he 's just dreamy . fuck . * page 35 . nick but look , it all start with story . like the time I make a surprise visit to a certain dictator 's palace on the tigris River . newly evacuate - could still smell fine Havana tobacco hangin’ in the air . we be task with find perishable intel , computer disk , shit like that . but in the master bathroom -- about the size of ethiopia , by the way , big golden dolphin for faucet -- there be this lock - box bolt to the floor . have initial engrave on top , he initial . we start beatin’ on the lock - cliff ( orient ) Iraq . you be in Iraq . nick first in . I and my wolf pack . fuck that picture you see about the 4th infantry -- that be later . what I be givin 's you now be God 's Real shit from a operator who have true eye - on . gina ( sing -songy ) he 's not suppose to talk about this stuff .... she offer the joint to cydney . no , no . cydney but you go ahead . nick so inside this box , I figure maybe cash , maybe a set of pearl - handle pistolas , or hey , maybe some damn fine presidential - grade hashish . we finally burn it open with 50 - grain det -cord . handy tool , det -cord - you can wrap it around a tree three foot thick and -- phhhht ! -- drop it across the trail when someone 's hot on you ass . remember that trick . cliff '' det cord . '' Nice detail . page 36 . nick well , gotta get the detail right . otherwise , you be just makin’ another big crap-tastic movie . so we open up that box and what do we find ? Iron man. avenger . the dude be a Silver Age Marvel freak . and can you believe what he have most of ? in he own personal stash ? * * cliff I be not there , Nick . nick sub-mariner . cliff you mean like '' namor , Prince of the deep ? '' * * * nick all in french , some reason . * cliff really . so why sub-mariner ? that one of the shit title ? be not nick one theory ? tug-job material . Mr. presidente have a thing for frenchspeak fella with little speedo and big spear . one theory . cliff so you be special ops . ranger , what ? * * * * * seal , nick officially ... I be only allow to say that I have be a swear officer participate in the tactical phase of certain mission that would make most man wanna crawl up and hide inside they own asshole . cydney but unofficially .... nick I be a goddamn american jedi . possible title # 1 , by the way . see this ? * page 37 . he whip off he boonie hat and bandana beneath . there 's a wick scar on the back of he head where someone seemingly try a back - door lobotomy . oooh . cydney put it back on . nick take frag from a bound Betty - anti-personnel mine . cave in back 'a my head . medivacked out to Germany , get my skull rebuilt with space - age titanium . can not go through a metal detector without ringing cherries . but that 's cool , cuz , see ... it let I travel with gilligan just about whenever I want . cydney '' gilligan ? '' Nick hike up he nylon pants . a 10 - inch tactical knife , black , be strapped to one shin bone . nick '' my little buddy . '' cliff stop look over he shoulder now -- and start look at Nick . cliff that 's some toothpick . nick but here 's the kicker : when I take that shrapnel ? I never feel it , cliff . I mean , I feel impact , feel my backside go all wet -- but no real pain . now maybe I do not recall event in full -- they do scoop out a little grey spam back there -- but they tell I , get this , my wolf pack will swear that I be ambulatory for more than 17 minute before they force I to lie down . tackle I . and even then , I be lookin’ to monkey - fuck a marlboro Light . no nerve ending in the brain , cliff . remember that when you write the scene . cliff touch eye with cydney . yeah . cliff lotta good detail there . * page 38 . gina ( proud ) he 's very hard to kill . 32 ext . the trail - day 32 as that storm cloud march closer to shore . 33 ext . spillway - the trail - day 33 Nick , gina , cliff , and cydney reach a wide swath of water flow across the trail . two tire trekker appear on the opposite side . Nick and gina ford across . cliff drop he pack and start adjust strap -- but it 's really a excuse to hang back , to get separation on ... Nick and gina . meeting the trekker halfway across . gina y ’all make it to the beach ? tire trekker # 1 just keep goin’ . it 's great . Nick and gina slosh on . soon the trekker be across the spillway and with cliff and cydney . cliff ( low ) see any ranger up ahead ? tire trekker # 1 none we see . cydney so just another three mile to the beach ? we hope ? tire trekker # 1 yeah , but ... a lot of twist and turn ahead . the trekker keep go . cliff check on Nick and gina . they be just reach the other side . cliff further we go , fewer people on the trail . cydney and you point be .... * page 39 . he peek at he cell phone . some reception now . cliff ( chin-nodd ) over there . pretend you need to piss . '' pretend ? '' cydney she squat in bush . cliff call up that web-page , the one with the '' download now '' button . he key it . line by line a picture appear . cliff cop in honolulu release a photo ... ' parently killer do not know they be on camera .... it 's a marginal photo to begin with -- black - and - white by night -- and the low- rez screen do not help . but two figure be see , male and female , drag body down a rain-slicked wharf . shit. what ? cliff cydney he show she . there 's a tell moment where we hear her piss - stream stop prematurely . cydney could be anybody . cliff you sure about that ? familiar ? they do not look ... gina y’all good back there ? cliff bathroom break ! cydney it could be anybody , cliff . now cliff unzip , buy a little more time . cliff well , how much we really know about this people ? aside from he and he storey -- which , I might add , be ( more ) page 40 . cliff ( cont 'd ) start to sound more and more bullshitty to I . next we be gonna hear he 's get the heart of a baboon , or something . * * * cydney I think he just want to impress . he 's hope you will want to write a movie about he - cliff what do we know ? cydney ( a sigh , then rat - a- tat ) she 's from Savannah , father be a over- control military shit , she rebell , meet Nick in South Carolina but he remind she too much of daddy , he chase she until finally give up and move on , that 's when she get interested in he , of course , first time in Hawaii , think waikiki be a little Las Vegas but they love it here on kauai . ( off he look ) Girls talk . cliff so they be on oahu , too . cydney I guess they be . hold on they pensive face a beat before we ... CUT to : a33 Nick and gina . wait on they side of the spillway . watch cliff and cydney talk 30 yard back . nick interesting guy , cliff . gina first man ever who want to talk while he 's in the bathroom , though . what be goin’ on back there ? rain start to fall . try to move thing along : nick '' you keep shakin 's that BUSH so we know you 're there ! just keep shakin 's that BUSH , luke ! '' a33 page 41 . cliff wave at Nick from afar . CUT to : b33 cliff and cydney . she decide she 's not go to let she head go where cliff 's go . b33 cydney look , we be suppose to be on we honeymoon , okay ? and this be one of the most beautiful place on Earth - rain or shine -- so why do not you just slow down that overactive brain of yours . I want to enjoy myself here . she start across the spillway toward Nick and gina . linger , fixate on that photo on he cell phone . cliff cydney Babe , we be gonna be fine . 34 ext . rain montage - the trail - day 34 rain hammer down . various shot of water cascade down the valley , spout over cliff , sweeping across the trail . it 's like the open salvo of some biblical flood . 35 ext . campsite - coastal bluff - rain - day just off - trail be a coastal bluff with a rare bit of flat land . a lean - to be already up , basic cover for cydney and gina as they unpack and try to keep thing dry . gina well , guess the beach will still be there tomorrow .... the wind steal a bed-pad . cydney go after it . cydney hope we be ! nearby , cliff erect a small tent . he 's try to stomp stake into the ground . but soon he hear a precision clinging and track the sound to ... Nick . put up he own tent , he hammer he stake with a steel trail axe . all finish , he flip the axe to ... cliff . catch it . right before it hit he head . 35 page 42 . nick good reflex ! for a writer ! cliff glare . he 's either get really worried about this guy -- or righteously piss off . CUT to : a35 quick shot of cydney and gina . firing up white - gas stove . plunk purification tablet into water . running up a lantern for more light . rummaging through they dehydrated food pouch , play '' who have the worse shit for dinner ? '' cydney '' macaroni and cheese ? '' '' Imitation cheese ? '' with real gina honey , that 's a vegetable dish where I come from . what else ? cydney we buy '' Chicken a La King -- with pre-Toast toast . '' gina gotcha beat . '' hungarian - style goulash with beef - shank bit . '' cydney okay , but be that really worse than , say , oh , '' vegetarian corn beef hash ? '' gina suspicious , be not it ? but I might open that before I have open ... '' Chicken omelette surprise . '' cydney what 's wrong with that ? the surprise ? and what 's gina the '' surprise '' be that we be gonna take the egg out of the chicken , whip it up , then put the chicken back in the egg . who the hell eat chicken omelettes , anyway ? well , all I be about ( with '' potte . cydney this pale compare to what to show you right now . a flourish ) meat. product . '' a35 page 43. gina ( scandalize ) oh , you do not . cliff . cydney he can be gross sometimes . know it 's a winner , she hand the can to gina and reach for a sip of water . gina ( read label ) '' partially defatted cook pork fatty tissue . '' dear Lord , what do we tell the child .... cydney snarf water out she nose . get along just fine . 36 the girl , anyway , be ext . campsite / the trail - rain - day 36 100 foot remove , we see the campsite through a gauze of rain . presently two boot slosh into foreground and stop . another pair of boot join . someone 's watch we camp . 37 ext . campsite - coastal bluff - rain - day 37 Zipping up a fresh wind - breaker , cliff exit he tent and head for the lean - to where ... the girl be on they foot , alert , stare out at ... Nick . he 's a statue in the rain , eye rivete on some inland tree that wuther in the wind . what ? what what ? cliff cydney cliff whaddya mean , '' what what ? '' everyone lookin’ at ? * * what 's cydney whatever he 's lookin’ at . tense and quiet , they all scan . it 's approach twilight now , that time of day that can play trick on you eye . be there something out there ? * * * page 44 . nick probably just a goat . this valley . lot of ‘em in cliff I have not see any goat . relaxing , Nick duck under the lean - to , open a bottle of '' scorpion mescal , '' take a slug . a scorpion float inside , blissful in death . nick do not expect you would , cliff -- you situational awareness kinda suck . that 's not a knock -- you be a screenwriter , I be a jedi . just the different path we choose . he pass cliff the scorpion mescal . nick ( cont ’d ) ( be scorpion ) think they kill he first ? or he just drow in there ? always wonder . cliff just so I know whether to be offended or not , define '' situational awareness . '' Nick start assemble a bi-fold apparatus from he pack , open it up , dogging it down , run carbon cable through eccentric pulley . nick what 's the first thing you do when you step onto a plane ? maybe have a sip of that fine champagne up there . you do fly first class , right ? cliff I put my shit away like everyone else . that 's what I do . nick when I board a plane -- makin 's my way back to the cheap seat -- I clock every door and pace off the distance between that exit and my seat . if the plane lose power on take - off , I can make egress in the dark , totally blind . if the aisle crowd up , I know I be climbin 's over the back of 36d , the guy with the shiny toupee , to make that over - the-w exit . I ( more ) page 45 . nick ( cont 'd ) know the handle swing down , not up , I know the door swing in , not out . and I know all this inside of 30 second , cliff -- before they even pop the cork for you up there in Hollywood class . his apparatus be take shape as a compound hunt bow . Nick check the string tension -- twang ! -- and adjust some more like a man tuning he guitar . nick ( cont ’d ) see , if you wait until the emergency happen to figure out what you be gonna do -- you be already dead . a itchy silence : taken one way , it be a engage story that could work its way into a screenplay . taken another , it 's a death sentence . cydney ( try to change subject ) well , chance of that happen .... nick happen in sioux City . cydney sioux City ? nick DC - 10 roll four time on landing , wound up in a Iowa cornfield . 112 dead . cydney ( remember ) I see it on tv . awful . nick and I see it from the inside . a beat . '' be you tellin’ we .... '' gina ( even prouder ) he 's really hard to kill . Nick take another pull of scorpion mescal , grab the axe , flip it to cliff . again . lessgo . nick page 46 . cliff whoa , whoa , whoa . what you goin’ after with that thing ? dinner . nick c’mon . cliff dry underwear . but thanks . nick here , kitty , kitty , kitty .... Excuse I ? cliff nick hey , no problem . you wanna stay in the kitchen with the lady - folk , you stay . 38 ext . tree line near campsite - rain - day portrait of a man in he element : Nick be on the prowl , hunt bow at low guard , eye on high alert . he pass camera , and a beat later come ... cliff , axe in hand . he can not fathom how he come to be out here in the dark ... in the rain ... on he honeymoon . soon he pause , eye search . behind he , the smeary glow of we campsite be still visible . but where have Nick go ? nick ( o.s. ) you know , cross my mind ... he roll out from behind a tree . nick ( cont ’d ) ... that it cross you mind ... that we be the one . I and gina . cliff '' the one '' who .... nick it 's okay , cliff . I mean , that 's you screenplay - writer mind workin’ its magic , spin stuff every which way . you gotta think like that . cliff ( laugh it off ) what , the killer ? 38 page 47 . nick '' the gruesome twosome . '' title # 2 . possible cliff sound like you mind 's spinnin’ , Nick . nick so you think it 's just coincidence we be there at the same time . on oahu. cliff ( nodd ) just like I and cydney we be there . nick lotta people on oahu when the murder happen . that 's how you look at it , huh , cliff ? cliff exactly how I look at it , Nick . nick good. ( a scan beat ) though would make a helluvan Act two twist . cliff we be not really hunt goat , be we ? no . nick it hang there a beat . cliff then why do not you just tell I what the hell we be - nick ( draw close ) we get we a shadow -- two of ‘em . have not identify as hostile yet , but they pass we camp once ... double back for a second look ... then take cover in here . ( off cliff 's face ) I know you do not see they . * * page 48 . cliff people at the fall ? * * nick this be someone else . a spooky beat . cliff should get back to camp , then . nick gina can take care of herself . cliff think ' bout cydney . nick gina can take care of she , too . cliff ( screwing up face ) be you just so fuckin’ with I , Nick ? nick if I be the killer , would not stay on oahu . I have fall back to the most remote part of the most remote island . I have come right here . with that , he vanish into the forest . cliff take a moment to wipe he glass dry . and think . and follow . 39 ext . campsite - coastal bluff - rain - day stare out into rainy twilight : cydney Little worried about cliff . he 's not really the bow-and - arrow type . gina ( shrugging ) boy be happiest when they be huntin’ something they can not quite catch . ' side , give we a little time together . she look at cydney unbrokenly as she spark up a joint , take a invite pull . cydney dope be never my thing . 39 page 49 . gina so what be you thing , cydney ? we have not really hear yet . cydney probably sound boring to you . try I . gina cydney well , we be work very hard at get pregnant . we will have five kid , two boy and three girl , and they will be beautiful beyond belief , of course . we will live in the palisade near one of the bluff , take long summer walk and look out at the sailboat on the ocean , all of we , the whole big family . and I guess I will just be happy to be '' Mom '' and '' Mrs. cydney Anderson '' for a good long while . gina '' it 's pillsbury fresh . '' cydney cock she head . '' what 's that suppose to mean ? '' gina ( cont ’d ) sorry . some people get all dull when they smoke ? I myself , I get a edge . so why do I think there 's some wild - child in you past ? cydney why do you ? gina ( indicate eyebrow ) hmm , maybe that liddle - iddy - biddy hole where the ring useta be . what , three or four of ‘em ? ( a beat ) have this preacher back in Georgia . use to tell all the kid we have rot in hell for havin’ sex outside the sanctity of marriage . then bless he heart , one day he wife catch he out back of the waffle House with some hooker -- some hooker with a really big dick . so now when I meet people who wanna tell I how so damn perfect they life be ? * * page 50 . she shrug . '' they usually be not . '' cydney rock back and just eye gina , realize she 's smarter than she let on . cydney well , it get into thing . gina worst we can do be rot in hell . and the rain keep come . 40 ext . guava forest - rain - day 40 cliff thread he way through dank forest . the deeper he go , the darker it get . the deeper he go , the more the axe-handle roll in he hand . cliff 's Pov : of Nick lead the way . he throw a few hand - signal back at we that seem like the chinese version of rock -scissor - paper . cliff start to close the gap . but he slow when he catch something out of the edge of one eye . cliff 's Pov : a smear of lantern -light . Nick . cliff but Nick prowl on , slip out of view . veer off toward that light . cliff decide to cliff 's Pov : under a umbrella of foliage , two rain - blurred silhouettes cross in front of a lantern . one man . one woman . cliff draw closer , for a few second lose the stranger behind thicket . when he sight - line open up again ... cliff 's Pov : we see that the woman be clearly not cleo . this be someone new . and the man .... the man be miss . 41 go . ext . campsite - coastal bluff - rain - day we be back with the girl . 41 back in confessional . cydney I lie about my old life sometimes . because when my folk finally stop knock the crap out of each other and split up , they decide they could ( more ) * * page 51 . cydney ( cont 'd ) handle two kid each . thing be ... there be five in the family . it take a beat for gina to realize what she mean . '' wow . '' cydney ( cont ’d ) some kid run away from they parent ? mine sorta run away from I . do the foster - scare thing , but that last just until I meet this guy , '' Rocky , '' couple year older . now most people think Rocky be this fine young gentleman , but I see something else - something risky . something crooked and cool . * * * * * * * * * gina do not hurt that he have he own truck , neither . * * * he do . cydney gina wrong paint on one door . but damn , he have some nice chrome wheel on it . he do . cydney Little lock on ‘em , too . * * * * * * * gina and you could go wherever you want to in that shitty - ass truck , anywhere in the world . sure , I know Rocky . * * * * cydney drive I down to the lake one night . it be hot but raining , kind of like this . I have the top button of my short all undone for this guy , hope this be why we come down here . I remember how the crack in the vinyl seat pinch the back of my leg , and that be bother I but what he be do with he finger sure be not so I unbuttone all the way to let he do it more , '' oh , God , do it more , '' and then suddenly he be in my hand all slippery and nice and just when he be ready to go off and just when I be about cum for I guess the first time ever -- we headlight snap back on . he make I get out of the truck and go look at something over by a pile of leave . it be ( more ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * page 52 . cydney ( cont 'd ) goldie , the neighbor 's labrador . and it still have the panty - hose around its neck from when he hang it from the tree . gina stare without blink . * '' maybe I do not know Rocky . '' * cydney ( cont ’d ) Rocky say if I ever tell anybody , he have come get I -- swore he have track I down . there be no place on Earth he be not gonna find I . * * * * * gina ya ever tell anybody ? yeah . cydney right now . * something slam into the tarp . both girl scream . but it be only a tree branch , drive by the wind . they decompress with nervous laughter . cydney always amaze I how much people talk about themselves when they be on vacation ... talk to people they only just meet .... 42 ext . guava forest - rain - day 42 just beyond the reach of the lantern , cliff circle the stranger 's camp , try to get to the other side , try to locate that miss man . voice ( o.s . ) hey . spring -load , cliff whirl , grab , shove the man up against a tree trunk , cock the axe behind one ear . you cliff ? it 's '' chronic . '' chronic cliff Anderson ? the doper son from the general store . cliff what be you doin’ here ? chronic shoot , think that be you at that camp . but then I see four peep , not two , and that stumble I up . * * page 53. cliff what be you doin 's ? why be you followin’ we ? who 's the female ? chronic just my bitch jessie . cliff but what 're you doin 's here ? chronic you permit ! you leave you permit at the store ! okay ? cliff and you come all this way ? to .... just chronic momma think you have need they . ( off cliff 's look ) hey , brah , it 's Hawaii . we do that shit here . cliff realize he 's still hold the guy like you have hold a suicide bomber with he thumb on the detonator . he release . chronic pull out the miss permit . cliff guess we be all stress with that killer bein’ over here now . sorry . * * * chronic what , on this island ? * * cliff saw some news report about it . do not ? chronic I do not watch the news . informational . you Way too * * * * * * cliff hey , wanna come back to camp ? have some dinner with we . c’mon , you and you , uh , bitch - friend . * * * * chronic thanks -- but I be not feelin’ the runnin’ stream of love here . gonna banzai back to town . but watch yourself on this trail , huh ? mess you up good ' less you know it good . * * * * page 54 . 43 ext . campsite - coastal bluff - rain - twilight 43 20 minute later . the rain be let up , but daylight be nearly go . soak to he underwear , cliff slog back into camp . cydney where you be , babe ? okay ? * * * everything gina where 's nicko at ? cliff last time I see he , it be somewhere over in that .... Nick reappear . something 's yoke over he shoulder . gina well , lookit that . reaching camp , Nick dump it on the ground . a big bloody one . yeah . it 's a goat . cydney look at that . nick one to the neck , break it off , body 's clean . gina baby , you be a man in full . but howzabout we put its head thataway , so it drain downhill instead of all over we shit ? gina pull pink latex glove from she pack . nick be sure and cinch off the esophagus this time , huh ? do not wanna foul the meat . gina now you gonna do this , or be I ? nick ( to cliff ) ran into you two friend . they look a little spook . what have you say to they , anyway ? page 55 . cliff just , uh .... gina borrow that thing , cliff ? glove up , gina slip the axe out of he hand . she push a button on the handle -- a button he never see -- and a knife jump from the bottom of the handle : this people have weapon inside weapon . gina ( cont ’d ) spend one summer in the meat department at piggly wiggly 's , so this be not nothin’ to I . but if you be squeamish .... she rip the goat from sternum to anus . as with everything , gina do it with a certain tawdry panache . nick ( to cliff , cydney ) guy hungry ? cydney would it be too late to get goat cheese out of this ? gina ( grub around inside the goat ) see first ... you gotta pull out the bag ... the gut -bag ... which be more interesting than gory , really .... 44 int . tent - coastal bluff - night 44 cliff and cydney crawl into they tent . it 's dark and tight in here -- the perfect set for a hushed but urgent conversation . through the flap , we can see Nick and gina peel down the goat carcass . cliff okay . this two have graduate to the '' officially crazy '' category . you know that , right ? cydney so let 's get out of here . just pack up and go . we will come up with a excuse and just -- * * * * page 56 . like what ? killer ? '' cliff '' we think you be the cydney one of we be not feel good . we do not have to go through with this . c’mon , babe , we will leave right - cliff it be hard enough comin’ in . you wanna leave ? now cydney well , what do you suggest ? he think . cliff only couple more mile to the beach . cydney be people there .... cliff I think we have to ride this out - keep Nick talkin’ , keep he thinkin’ he 's gonna be the star of some movie , keep ‘em both happy so that everyone get to that beach alive . but we keep the game face on . do not let they know anything 's wrong here . y’understand I ? do you ? * subordinate , she roll away and then spoon back into he . her eye puddle up . cydney and I think we be gonna have a real honeymoon .... 45 int . tent - coastal bluff - morning 45 close on cliff 's eye . they crack open after a few miserable hour of sleep . what wake he ? that thumping SOUND ? he turn to check on cydney ... and find she miss . the thumping grow louder . spider through the tent - flap ... 46 ext . campsite - coastal bluff - continuous ... and stand up outside . cliff 46 page 57 . wide from helicopter : the storm have be chase away by a brilliant blue morning . already up , Nick , gina , and cydney watch two police helo circle the campsite aggressively . * nick ( at cliff ) shit , it be only one goat ! abruptly the helos break off ... and start vulture over a second campsite down the coast . a amplified voice boom order : helo voice this be the kauai county police ... we want to see you hand ... hand , show US hand ... now we want you on the ground ... we want you face - down on the ground .... cliff start run there . Nick hook he arm . nick that boy be comin’ heavy . might wanna hang back , let ‘em do they - cliff shirk free . he and cydney be first down the trail . gina follow . Nick stay behind to pour himself more coffee . 47 ext . second campsite - the trail - day Rough hand lift someone 's face out of the mud . it 's kale , already cuffed , get hair - yank onto he foot . cleo get similar handle . kale what be you messin’ with we for ? nothin’ to do with it . nothin 's . cleo get you hand offa .... he’s fuckin 's gropin 's I , this guy ! heeelp ! nearby , a perimeter cop block the trail . cliff , cydney , and gina hustle up , join a few other trekker be hold back . but everyone can see what 's happen . gina so what the hell they do ? can not say . perimeter cop 47 page 58 . kale go ahead , look all you want ! you think there 's a gun here ? show I a gun ! show I ! gina ( to perimeter cop ) somethin 's about honolulu , be not it ? the murder there ? perimeter cop really can not say . cydney ( to cliff ) they think it 's they . kale and cleo .... overhear , perimeter cop turn back to give she a look . he 's one of this guy who can make anyone feel like a criminal . perimeter cop Friends of yours ? cydney we just run into they once or twice . perimeter cop which be it ? once or twice ? cydney we barely know they , okay ? close on latex hand search belonging . there 's no gun in kale 's rucksack , but the hand dwell on a box of chiclet gum -- a curiously noisy BOX . when that box be open ... teeth spill out . shatter human tooth . kale that be not mine ! he put that there ! this guy be plant shit in my bag ! cleo be somebody taping this ? perimeter cop ( to cydney ) well , prob 'ly a good thing you do not know they . very good thing . page 59 . gina ( to cliff and cydney ) wow . and I think it be you guy this whole time . the humor be lose on cliff -- at first . then he start laugh at the irony , laugh in relief , laugh all the way to the ground . find it infectious , cydney go off too . cydney oh , God . so much for we '' game face , '' huh ? 48 ext . red hill - above kalalau beach - day 48 the expansive sand flat of kalalau Beach stretch below we . Green cathedral mountain backdrop the beach , and sea mist create a hazy rainbow over the shoreline . gina well , whoopty - tah . back on the trail and back in good spirit , cliff , cydney , Nick , gina overlook the magical place that be kalalau Beach . everyone 's muddy as hell and proud of it . nick ample time to sunset , too . * cliff break out the handycam . cliff get the two of we ? rainbow here ? cliff and cydney cozy up . Front of the gina roll video . cydney we survive the Trail ! honeymoon ! and we cliff this be it ! end of the line ! 49 ext . kalalau beach - day 49 other people dot the sand , though it 's anything but crowded here . in a series of vignettes , we set the stage : a49 nude ra-devotees do a eccentric combination of sun worship , yoga , and kabuki theatre ... a49 page 60 . b49 cliff , cydney , Nick , gina set up camp close to the inland tree-line ... b49 c49 Nick slugging mescal , eyeing the scorpion float inside , still ponder that dead - or-alive issue ... c49 d49 teens play nerf-ball ... d49 e49 gina head for the waterfall with empty water - camel , roll the handycam en route ... e49 * * f49 cliff fire up a stove ... f49 g49 Nick join the nerf- ball game , play qb of course ... g49 h49 gina at the waterfall now , clean the trail axe of dry goat blood ... h49 * j49 four kayaker beach they boat , head up the sand to explore ... j49 k49 and a long shot of cliff and cydney kick back at the campsite , talk quietly , hold hand . k49 50 ext . kalalau beach - day down on the wet sand now , Nick check out the kayak . cliff join . cliff Sea cave down the coast . nick read about that . round this point , west - southwest , I guess . cliff float a kayak . cliff so let 's do it . ( off Nick 's look ) I cut a deal with that guy -- two kayak , one hour , 40 buck . torn , Nick check he watch , then look back toward the waterfall . toward the unseen gina . cliff ( cont ’d ) and no , you do not owe I 20 . nick get some plan here , that 's all . 50 page 61 . cliff what kinda plan ? nick covert plan . Nick . cliff you can handle a kayak . * nick hey , pallie , I shot five on the Grand Canyon in one of this thing . cliff so lessgo . give we a chance to talk about we movie deal . * * that do the trick . nick cydney ! tell her I all be back for a sunset walk ! I and gina ! cydney wave she understanding . 51 ext . kalalau beach - day 51 returning with fill water - camel , gina spot cliff and Nick roll kayak through the breaker . gina ( to cydney ) where that boy off to ? down the beach , cydney can be see filing she nail at the campsite . cydney wo not be long now .... what ? gina cydney won ’t be long ! gina nod . she pick off a few shot of the boy as they clear the breaker . good stuff . but when she try to shut the handycam down ... she accidentally depress the memory stick . it eject . she push it back in its slot -- and that activate the auto-load feature : suddenly all kind of store photo be pop up on the lcd screen . * * * page 62 . 52 ext . beyond breaker - ocean - same cliff and Nick in kayak . 53 52 turn west . ext . kalalau beach - same 53 gina . sitting down in warm sand , toggling through photo , go back in time to a wedding in California . it bring a wistful smile to gina 's face . for a second or two . gina well , now who be this .... gina straighten as if a ice spear be shove up she spine . something 's wrong . impossibly wrong . suddenly gina 's on she foot , run . Nick ? * * gina the handycam hit the sand . nicko ? 54 gina ext . beyond breaker - ocean - same 54 cliff and Nick . they spot gina splash into the surf , shouting , wave . cliff what 's she sayin 's ? nick not sure . but get a good bounce to she , do not she ? ( wave paddle ) sunset ! I ’m comin 's back ! 55 ext . kalalau beach - same gina . remember she have a cell phone , she whip it out , speed dial '' nicko . '' all she get be a fast busy . gina you hunka shit ! gina 's Pov : cliff and Nick vanish around a rocky point . she fast - scan all around she . low cliff prevent she from follow via the beach . but inland -- back by the waterfall -- there 's a saddle in the mountain . can she follow that way ? 55 page 63. axe in hand , gina run . on it . someone else 's Pov : she run like Nick 's life depend * * watch gina vanish inland . it 's cydney . she reach down and pick up the handycam , the one gina drop like kryptonite . she look at the screen and see what gina see -- and know what gina know . low -angle of the handycam again drop onto sand . Beyond , we see cydney 's foot ... then she leg ... then all of she as she sprint away . but we stay right here on ... the handycam 's lcd screen . it show cliff and cydney pose for wedding photograph -- only it 's not cliff and cydney . at least not the one we know . the battery fail . 56 the screen die . ext . ocean - napali coast - day 56 cliff lead as they paddle west down the coast , mountain to they leave . Nick slow to take in the magnificent isolation . cliff ( o.s. / radio ) runnin 's out of gas ? cliff be wave a little two - way radio at he . Nick search he kayak and come up with a match unit . over radio : nick we own tactical frequency , huh ? cliff let 's keep the speed up . you back in time . copy that . want to get nick jedi out . cliff '' copy that . jedi out . '' 57 ext . start of inland passage - day gina claw she way to the top of the waterfall . she splashes across the small but swift river up here . lose she balance . go down . flail she way to the other side . find a foot path ... and charge on , push west . 57 page 64 . 58 ext . sea cave entrance - napali coast - day 58 Nick and cliff paddle toward a jag open in the coast . it 's a sea cave -- but with sunlight inside . 59 int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - day 59 they ride into the cave on a ocean swell . nick hoooo-yah .... there 's open sky above they . rock - face cauldron . it 's like be inside a huge cliff '' hoooo-yah .... '' 60 ext . rope ladder - inland passage - day 60 gina reach a vertical wall of vegetation -- a near- perfect dead - end . she scan desperately for a low - point she can negotiate , but it 's just not there . gina where , where , where .... eye down , she follow the foot path faithfully to its terminus . it bring she to a different section of wall ... and there it be . foliage . she rip it free from year of entangle it 's a long knotted rope . 61 the world 's worst ladder . ext . top of rope ladder - inland passage - day 61 gina top the rope and explode past camera -- the camera that now peer back down the wall of vegetation she just climb . someone 's down there , follow she . cydney . 62 ext . sea cliff - day gina blitzes to the edge of a sea cliff . spot any kayak on the coast below she . gina where be you ? 62 look down . can not page 65 . 63 int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - day Nick float on he kayak as if float in a backyard pool , leg strewn overboard , sip mescal , just let the income swell cradle - rock he back and forth . cliff be perch on a rock outcropping at the center of the cave . 63 * * * * cliff wanna ask you something , Nick . shoot . nick cliff '' shake that bush . '' what 's that from ? what be that ? nick kiddin 's I . cliff special op lingo ? nick '' what we have here be failure to communicate . '' ( sit up to make eye-contact ) Paul Newman . '' cool Hand luke . '' right ' fore he make he break from the chain - gang . man , you should know that . cliff I should , huh ? Nick as he consider the dead scorpion float in he bottle . then he consider himself float inside this cave . not so different , really . * * * nick he go in alive .... alarm sound in he head as we rack focus to the backround : cliff be go from the rock outcropping . Nick know it without even look . a63 all in one shot : make no sudden move , Nick set he mescal bottle adrift . it fill with water , and we follow that sinking bottle underwater , lead we to Nick 's hand as he reach for he ankle-blade . we follow that blade hand back up to the surface -- where cliff have reappear . * * a63 * * * * * page 66 . cliff well , the storey be great , Nick . really helpful . he take a 9 mm out of its baggie like a guy unwrap lunch . * cliff ( cont ’d ) but you '' situational awareness ? '' actually kinda suck . 64 ext . above OPEN -ceiling cave - day 64 wide from helicopter : gina skid to a stop at another edge , this one overlook the open-ceile cave . she get there just in time to witness ... 65 int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - day * 65 Nick 's murder . cliff .... nick cliff call I '' Nick . '' boom ! the pistol sound like a cannon inside the sea cave . SHOCK CUT to : 66 ext . behind club - honolulu harbor - five night ago 66 boom ! suddenly we be somewhere else , look at the startle face of the world 's newest murder victim . boneless , he drop out of frame to reveal the gunman who just put a slug in the back of the victim 's head . it 's cliff -- or at least the guy we know as '' cliff . '' but now he have stringy lock , chin hair , predatory eye . with he be ... '' cydney . '' only now she 's a dirty blonde with eyebrow -ring . wider to show that we be on a wharf in honolulu Harbor . rain and thumping club music help dampen the gunshot . there 's a second body here , too , that of ... the real cydney . she lie next to she husband of three day , they blood mingling on the boardwalk . ( note : Prior to this moment , we have see the real cliff and cydney only in the wedding video that begin the movie . and even then , we only glimpse they . ) * page 67 . a66 in fast closeup , we see : a66 '' cliff 's '' hand remove wallet ... wedding ring ... car key ... handycam ... '' cydney 's '' hand snicking OPEN a stiletto , pearl -handle . it cut a sample of the real cydney 's hair ... '' cliff '' produce a leatherman tool , select a file , run it down the barrel of a 9 mm to change rifling - mark . '' cydney '' hold the real cydney 's hand flat to the ground , palm up . and like any good whittler , she cut away from she . '' cliff '' rule one .... '' cydney '' never cut forensics a break . '' cliff '' switch to plier -- and go after tooth . 67 ext . underwater - five night ago 67 the surface be stipple by rain . presently 20 small object appear , stream blood as they float down at we . they be fingerpad . 68 they be fingerprint . ext . stairwell - honolulu harbor - five night ago 68 surveillance cam Pov : '' cliff '' and '' cydney '' drag two body into frame ... stuff they under a trashy stairwell ... and withdraw from this Pov . 69 int . $ 69 motel - oahu - four day ago 69 the handycam be patch into a shitty Motorola tv . wedding video play . we see cliff 's brother throw cliff in a headlock . absorb the detail be ... '' cliff . '' shave he facial hair . tommy ( on video ) my little brother gettin’ marry before I , huh ? * cliff ( on video ) yeah , I wonder why . c’mon , let up . tommy ( on video ) hey , barkeep ! ' nother brewsky here , huh ? * page 68. cliff ( on video ) Tommy , you armpit smell like ass , okay ? will you let the fuck up ? Christ , 28 year old and he 's still doin 's it to I .... * tommy ( on video ) come all the way from Michigan to do this one more time .... * intercut with '' cydney '' nearby . darken she hair with a color kit . reference both a driver 's license tuck into the mirror frame and the hair sample she take last night . '' cydney '' loreal # 40 . '' espresso Brown . '' a69 in cu montage , scissors work ... hair hit the floor ... a69 piercing be remove ... wedding ring be add ... they victim 's clothes be shrugge on , zipped up , buttone down . b69 cus of just there mouth : b69 '' cliff '' '' well , we say ' screenwriter , 's not ' screenplay writer 's ... '' '' cydney '' '' do not know why I be tellin’ you this . we just come here to dance ... '' cliff '' '' ... just a two - week punch -up .... '' '' cydney '' ... always amaze I how much people talk about themselves when they be on vacation ... talk to people they only just meet .... '' 70 ext . ferry pier - honolulu harbor - four day ago 70 suitcase wheel clack-clack over a boardwalk . pull the suitcase , '' cydney '' catch she reflection in a storefront window . it bring she to a stop . '' cliff '' appear in the distort reflection beside she . they transformation be dramatic and persuasive . '' cydney '' she be kind of classy , huh ? * * * * * page 69 . '' cliff '' ( chastise ) rule two . keep you game face on . 71 * * * ext . ferry - honolulu harbor - four day ago 71 horn blast . a ramp retract . diesel fume cloud the air . the ferry groans away from the pier with ... '' cliff '' and '' cydney '' aboard . '' cliff '' eject the dv tape that show the real cliff and cydney , drop it into the harbor . as he clack in a fresh tape , he note ... a taxi speed onto the pier . two people pile out , shout for the ferry to wait . '' cliff '' just stare as the ferry gain speed , no compassion for the two miss the boat . compassion be for other . for the for idiot . wave , emptily who weak . * * * * '' cliff '' ( offer handycam ) hey , you mind get we here ? a obliging stranger roll tape as '' cliff '' and '' cydney '' cozy up against the ferry railing . they be fall right into character . 72 ext . pier - honolulu harbor - four day ago and the two people leave stand on the pier ? Nick and gina . from here , they can still see '' cliff '' and '' cydney '' at the rear of the depart ferry . nick well , shit . maybe that be not the one to kauai . gina pretty sure it be , doll baby . nick no , no , think that be the one to maui -- smaller boat . we be lookin’ for the somethin’ with some big -ass hydrofoils and .... she tap he shoulder , point to a embarkation sign . '' kauai . '' gina pretty sure it be . 72 page 70 . nick y’know , if you be so smart , you have play dumb once in a while . gina let 's find we a schedule . much time we gotta kill . 73 see how int . / ext . jewelry store - honolulu harbor - four day ago 73 just inside the store , gina try on gimcrack jewelry . Nick peruse a display of adventure brochure . soon gina move deeper into the store and start to eye pricier stuff like ... diamond ring . clerk something I can show you ? gina well , not I . but see that dangerously handsome man just over there ? when he ask what I be in here lookin’ at , you can show he this ring ... and that one ... and by all mean , this liddle rascal right here . clerk ( be Nick ) seem more interested in water sport , right now . * * gina that 's just a operational cover - trust I , he 's watchin’ we . and any second now , he 's gonna come in here , pull I out -- but leave something behind so that he can double - back and ask you , private - like , what I be lookin’ at . clerk be play this game awhile ? gina ( sighing ) '' nicko '' -- love he to tear , but he do take he own sweet time . 74 ext . jewelry store - honolulu harbor - four day ago exiting the store : 74 page 71 . shoot . what ? nick gina nick Left my canteen . gina I will wait right here . 75 int . jewelry store - honolulu harbor - four day ago show ring to Nick : * clerk ...oh , and let 's not overlook this little '' rascal '' right here . so I take it you be plan the next step ? nick oh , I get plan . Nick unpocket a ring -box . oh. 75 * * * * * covert plan . Inside be another diamond ring . clerk nick gonna make a sunset proposal on kalalau Beach -- suppose to be one of the most romantic spot there be , right ? but I just wanna be sure this be not , you know , '' underwhelm '' compare to whatever 's stick in that twangy little head of hers . the clerk take the ring . put a loup on it . * nick ( cont ’d ) that 's what they call a real '' heirloom '' diamond . beat out 19 other bidder for it . ( bite a lip ) will it fly ? * * * * * * clerk well , to tell the truth .... * * she think it 's shit . * page 72 . nick look , if it 's truly gonna disappoint she , I will roll over and play dead for you -- I will be the easiest mark you ever have . but please , just help I get it right . never have to do this whole diamond thing before -- and I do not ever wanna do it again . gina 's gonna be the first and the last for I . she be the one . * if there 's one thing that come through with Nick -- through all he bravado and foible -- be that he 's get heart . a big elephant 's heart . clerk to tell the truth ... I think she will love anything you give she . she hand he ring back . 76 ext . jewelry store - honolulu harbor - four day ago 76 flip he water bottle conspicuously , Nick exit . nick always tryin' to sell you somethin’ , that people . gina do not work , do it ? nick on I ? nooohoho -- they run into one tough hombre . * gina so you do not buy anything ? nick what would I want in there ? gina well , you take so long , I just .... nick nooohoho . get away clean . 1300 , catch that ferry ? almost he slap she ass to get she move then struggle to uncap he bottle . gina crack it for he . gina there you go , '' hombre . '' * * * * page 73. nick sweaty hand . gina that happen around I . nick and always in public , for some fuckin’ reason . they share a laugh , and we can see how this two be make for each other . but reach a corner , they face fall : patrol car flash . hustling to go live . detective mull . anxious reporter a van whoop -whoops behind Nick and gina . they clear for the '' county coroner '' van as it join the crime scene ahead . gina C ’mon . do not get nothin’ to do with we . 77 int . suite - princeville HOTEL - kauai - four day ago on a 50 - inch widescreen , we watch a forensics show on the Discovery Channel , '' the New detective . '' pull back to reveal a grand hotel suite . a waiter lay out breakfast , pour two flute of perrier - jouet , drop a raspberry into each . waiter ( call ) complementary , Mr. anderson. of the honeymoon package . part '' cliff '' step out of a marble - clad bathroom , toweling off . '' cliff '' you be the best . take the old cart with you ? oh , and take this too . he tip twenty . the waiter jangle out happy . '' cliff '' drink champagne straight from the bottle as he turn up the volume on the widescreen . tv narrator ( v.o. ) ... it be only then that the detective realize the reason they have find no fingerprint at the crime scene be because the robber have coat they finger with adhesive -- or '' Super glue '' -- prior to enter the bank .... 77 page 74 . '' cliff '' fuckin 's repeat . he click off . dump the remote . sift through some of the real cliff 's belonging , find ... permit for the kalalau Trail . they be paper-clipped to a color brochure of the trail . '' the perfect getaway . '' 78 ext . balcony - princeville HOTEL - kauai - three day ago 78 the suite 's balcony have explosive view of the Pacific and the island nihili . '' cydney '' lounge face - down topless on a chaise , luxuriate in the soft trade wind . '' cliff '' step outside with the handycam . Hai view . he shoot the Bali '' cydney '' tell I it will never end . '' cliff '' always end . trick be ... handycam Pov : zooming in on another couple on another balcony . she 's sprawle across he lap , slather he with kiss . newlyweds . about the right age , too . '' cliff '' ...to have more start than end . to have the idiot cop always playin’ catch - up . handycam Pov : the woman move inside . we get a better angle on the man now : he 's black . the woman be white . lose interest , '' cliff '' shut down the handycam . '' cydney '' well , all I wanna do be catch up on my sleep right now .... '' cliff '' rule Three .... '' cydney '' oh , go away with you rule . nothin 's gettin’ I off this balcony today . he dump cold champagne on she back . off the chaise . she squeal and jump * page 75 . '' cydney '' you unbelievable asshole ! '' cliff '' never wear the same skin too long . we keep move . a30 * ext . secret fall - yesterday redux : we be back at secret falls. find ... a30 '' cliff '' have just a business card : '' ernesto padillo , parole agent , California Department of correction . '' and scrawle on the backside : '' next appt -- 8/11 . '' nick ( o.s. ) while we be still young , cliff ! '' cliff '' stand to get a sight - line : Nick , gina , and '' cydney '' be all load up and ready to head back down . one sec ! '' cliff '' CUT to : aa30 the part of the scene we do not see : " cliff " unpocket a chiclet box -- and plant it in kale 's rucksack . 42 ext . guava forest - rain - yesterday aa30 42 redux : we be back in the rain , back in that dark dank forest with chronic and '' cliff . '' chronic thanks -- but I be not feelin’ the runnin’ stream of love here . gonna banzai back to town . but watch yourself on this trail , huh ? mess you up good ' less you know it good . * * * CUT to : a42 the rest of the scene : chronic start to leave . cliff catch he . '' cliff '' hang on . I be waitin’ to tell a ranger , but have not see any yet . and I do not know that it 's really anything ... I mean , maybe people be allow to carry gun out here .... a42 * page 76 . gun ? chronic nahhh . who 's get gun ? '' cliff '' go by '' kale . '' run with a girl , '' cleo . '' if that be they real name . * chronic Big caveman dude ? Little hoser chick ? " cliff " might have be a 'mm -- not too good at this thing . but maybe when you get back , you tell somebody ' bout this , okay ? maybe you let the cop decide if it 's important or not .... 14 * * * * int . / ext . NORTH shore road - yesterday morning 14 redux : we be back in the Jeep stop at roadside . show a grocery - store wedding photo to '' cliff . '' '' cydney '' '' cydney '' kale and cleo get marry on oahu . '' cliff '' ( nodd '' nice '' ) Suitable for frame . a33 ext . spillway - the trail - yesterday a33 redux : we be back at the spillway with Nick and gina . 30 yard back , '' cliff '' and '' cydney , '' take a piss break . nick interesting guy , cliff . gina first man ever who want to talk while he 's in the bathroom , though . what be goin’ on back there ? * CUT to : bb33 " cliff " and " cydney . " now we get the part of the scene we be not privy to before : " cliff " I say let Nick keep pitching he storey . let he dig he own grave . bb33 * * page 77 . " cydney " ( resisting ) this be not honolulu -- and this guy be not some soft - boy screenplay writer . " cliff " what , you actually buy this jedi shit ? he get he skull open up by a land - mine and walk it off ? he 's tryin' to impress I . me. because he think I be gonna make a movie out of he life , everything become exaggerated , overblown . trust I , I know a narcissist when I see one - and this guy be amateur-hour. ( correct she ) '' screenwriter . '' " cydney " I do not know ... if half he storey be true .... '' cliff '' I know exactly what he be , and he have no clue what I be . that 's the advantage we exploit . ( almost a throwaway ) let 's do it at the beach . '' cydney '' be people there .... '' cliff '' so we split the herd and run ‘em down , just like it 's be do for million of year . '' cydney '' just feel like we be rush .... '' cliff '' do not tell I you be startin’ to like gina . see , that 's you mistake , you get too close , you get too attach to you -' cydney '' maybe I be start to like cydney . '' cliff '' bigger mistake . * page 78 . '' cydney '' she 's a nice girl . and I want you to start think of I like cliff would think of she . even if it 's not real . even if you be physically incapable of actually be like that , I want you to pretend that part of it , too . it 's a perverse resistance but understandable : cydney be everything that '' cydney '' never have a chance to be . rain start fall . from the other side of the spillway ... nick '' you keep shakin 's that BUSH so we know you 're there ! just keep shakin 's that BUSH , luke ! '' '' cliff '' smile and wave . " cliff " what be this idiot talkin’ about ? CUT to : b33 now patch back into the part we do see : '' cydney '' decide she 's not go to let she head go where '' cliff 's '' go . b33 '' cydney '' look , we be suppose to be on we honeymoon , okay ? and this be one of the most beautiful place on Earth - rain or shine -- so why do not you just slow down that overactive brain of yours . I want to enjoy myself here . she start across the spillway toward Nick and gina . linger , fixate on that photo on he cell phone . '' cliff '' '' cydney '' Babe , we be gonna be fine . 41 ext . campsite - coastal bluff - rain - yesterday redux : we be back in the storm . back under the lean - to with " cydney " and gina as something slam into the tarp . both girl scream . but it be only a tree branch , drive by the wind . they decompress with nervous laughter . '' cydney '' always amaze I how much people talk about themselves when they be on ( more ) 41 page 79 . '' cydney '' ( cont 'd ) vacation ... talk to people they only just meet .... CUT to : a41 what we do not see : a41 '' cydney '' keep another secret , gina ? gina what , you get more ? * '' cydney '' dig in she pack , produce little '' wonton '' of aluminum foil . she peel one open to reveal clear chunky crystal . " cydney " like I say , '' dope be never my thing . '' wanna go fast ? gina thanks . but that shit 's a little West Coast for I . " cydney " well , I can handle it , but cliff ... gotta keep it away from he because he just go all .... well , you do not want to get he goin 's fast . gina cliff ? we cliff ? I take he for Mr. dolphin safe tuna . " cydney " he 's more complicated than that . 79 * ext . kalalau beach - earlier today 79 close as hand open a foil wonton ... drop crystal chunks into a glass pipe ... heat the pipe over the stove until the crystal liquefy and start to sublime . '' cliff '' and '' cydney '' relax at the beach campsite . take a deep pull on the pipe as he clock ... '' cliff '' a79 gina . head toward the waterfall . a79 b79 Nick . play nerf-ball . b79 c79 the four kayaker . qb of course . beach they kayak . c79 page 80 . '' cliff '' exhales -- and he lid lower dangerously , he face remind we of a young lion overlook the serengeti plain . of a apex predator . '' cliff '' sometimes I wonder if they be all create for we . if they have any life before we show up . sometimes it seem like nothing exist until we get there ... till we put eye on it . like the whole fuck world be manufacture just for we want and need . '' cydney '' think it will be a nice sunset ? '' cliff '' I mean , if I look away ... turn my head for a second here ... would they all stop move ? shut down ? just go into some energy - save hibernation mode until the time I choose to reactivate they by simply .... d79 he look back . the people on the beach be move again . just like he expect . ( vfx shot . ) '' cydney '' you should say sweet stuff to I once in a while . '' cliff '' ( test -drive a new rule ) it 's like ... like reality do not exist until we get there .... '' cydney '' C ’mon , babe . Drop the l-word on I . she rub he crotch . immune , he offer she the pipe . '' cliff '' I will take Nick . you be on gina . '' cydney '' hey , fuck you dead , huh ? '' cliff '' how many time do I need to say it ? if there 's one person in the world I could love , it 's you . why be that never enough ? d79 * * * page 81 . '' cydney '' forget it , forget it , forget it .... she look off . he reach out and take she hand . '' cliff '' it 's you who help create this - this fever - dream of immortality . you be the privileged witness who 's go to help I lead a hundred different life . it 's you . she dump he hand . '' cydney '' how 's this for a new rule ? '' always be sincere even when you be not . '' ( off he wounded look ) look , I understand that in some bent way , my need for attachment fit you need for detachment , okay ? it 's a fuck fit and a fitting fuck . that 's it . so let 's not lie to ourselves anymore . '' cliff '' I be not lie now . of loving you . * * * * * * I love the idea two '' love '' in the same breath : it do not even add up to one , really , not in the real world . but it 's more than '' cydney '' typically get . '' cydney '' and I love hearing it . it 's sick , it 's sad , but I do . do that make I crazy , Rocky ? * '' cliff '' it make you exciting . she accept the pipe . accept the blood-lette to come . '' cydney '' ( as gina ) '' well , whoopty - tah . '' now '' cliff '' line up Nick with he pistol - finger . * SHOCK CUT back to : 80 int . / ext . OPEN -ceiling cave - day boom ! the pistol sound like a cannon inside the sea cave . 80 page 82 . a bullet tag Nick behind the ear . blood spray as he fall back onto the kayak , overturn it . Nick slide into the water like a dead seal . * * gina ( o.s. ) noooooo .... " cliff " snap a look up to see ... gina 50 foot above he , perch on the rim of the sea cave , she face stretch in anguish . " cliff " lift he 'mm , fire . 81 ext . above OPEN - ceiling cave - day bullet chew the rocky lip at gina 's foot . but now spot ... 81 she spiral away '' cydney . '' charge with the stiletto . maybe she say she could handle crystal meth , but right now she look w.o.a . - Wide open awake . collision . 82 gina 's trail - axe go airborne ... int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - continuous * 82 * ... and fall here , whisker past cliff before biting into the hull of the Nick 's kayak . 83 ext . above OPEN -ceiling cave - day * 83 gina catch '' cydney 's '' stiletto hand -- barely . * wide from helicopter : fight scene . veteran of a few bar brawl , gina drive a knee into '' cydney 's '' crotch . it 's half - effective against a woman -- so gina do it again for full effect . when " cydney " go lax ... * * * * gina torque free , stripping the stiletto from '' cydney 's '' hand as she gain she foot . mistake # 1 : she 's let up in the middle of a fight . * * * gina why be you doin 's this ? " cydney " ( a perfect mirror ) '' why be you doin 's this ? '' gina swing to slash rather than stabbing for she heart : mistake # 2 . still on she knee , " cydney " block with one arm , uppercut with the other , catch gina ... page 83. Square in the solar-plexus . a inhuman sound gush out - like a hot -air balloon rip open . the stiletto go free . 84 int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - day 84 " cliff " train he pistol on the overturn kayak -- wait for Nick to resurface . and wait . 85 ext . above OPEN -ceiling cave - day 85 " cydney " snatch up the stiletto , cock it overhead as she speed back , try to finish the fight with one big '' psycho '' stab on ... gina . rising as if to meet the attack ... then drop low , chopping " cydney " at the knee . still come down , the stiletto dig into gina 's ass . gina gasp pain even as she drive up and out , give it all she 's get . " cydney " somersault overhead ... ... slam flat - back near the rim of the sea cave ... ... tumble through open air ... 86 int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - day 86 ... and make a liquid crater in the water below . 87 ext . above OPEN - ceiling cave - day gina yank the blade out of she ass . she 's desperate to go back to the edge to look again -- to check for Nick -- but know " cliff " be down there gun for she . gina nicko ? ( nothing ) nickoooo ? still nothing . with a inspiration , gina grub through she ditty bag for ... her phone . her camera phone . stay low , she shimmy to the edge ... roll on she back ... hold the phone overhead . ch-click ! if you have to photograph Medusa , this would be how . 87 page 84 . close on she phone . a photo of the sea cave resolve . just one overturn kayak . nothing else . '' what the hell ? '' it resolve . gina steal another photo . still nobody . a hold - your-breath beat -- then gina roll over and put naked eye on ... the sea cave below . " cliff " and '' cydney '' be both go . all gina see now be the overturn kayak -- and a float boonie hat nearby . wide from helicopter : 88 of gina all alone . eerily so . ext . sea cliff - day * 88 gina hobble to a cliff on the sea side . she can hear surf crashing below , but the shore itself be block from view . she scan the ocean . be they paddle back to the beach ? where the hell be they ? her suspicion return to ... the cliff below she . close on gina 's foot . inching closer to the edge . gina 's Pov : ease out over the sea-cliff . try to see more . need to know if they be climb up to get she . and just as every nerve-end in she body be focus on the danger below ... her phone goe off . it scare the wet crap out of we . gina thumb '' talk '' -- and do not . we hear breathing on the other end . be it he ? be '' cliff '' call she now ? gina ( a dread whisper ) who be this ? man 's voice ( o.s. ) uh , hello , my name be Woody , and I be follow up today to make sure you be get the most out of you current AT&T call plan . we notice that you exceed you '' anytime Minutes '' last month - gina flamin 's Jesus , you do not work the whole trip , and now you decide to ... what state you in ? where you at ? * * * page 85 . man 's voice ( o.s. ) I be , uh ... not suppose to say . gina Woody . there 's be some murder in honolulu , maybe you have hear , maybe you have not . but they be comin’ after I , so you gotta help I out here , okay ? Woody ? you there ? we can almost hear Woody 's brain hit the fry pan on the other end of the call : this be not cover in training . a deep breath and then ... man 's voice ( o.s. ) with we '' free to roam '' plan , we can offer you more minute regardless of the time of day or even the state you be - gina screw the calling plan and listen to I good . you be gonna be my 9 - 1 - 1 boy , okay , Woody ? I need you to call up the police in princeville , kauai . you tell they I be be chase by the killer , and that if they can get to kalalau Beach in 30 minute , I will have they there . can you do that for I ? woody ? another beat . man 's voice ( o.s. ) I have to put you on hold now . gina no , you do not check with you supervisor , do not you dare check , you just do it . and we need some kinda air-ambulance , too , in case .... on the ocean below , " cydney " appear . she 's paddle a kayak backwards , away from shore , stop when she see gina . she 's too far away to be a threat . so what be she do ? gina ( into phone ) can you swear to I you will do this ? please , please , swear to I you will . man 's voice ( o.s. ) this be in the Pacific Ocean ? page 86 . gina oh , tell I you be taping this call . yes it 's in the Pacific Ocean , yes I be on kauai , yes it 's one of the five island of the ... * * '' cydney 's '' voice ( o.s. ) ...to you leave ... gina ( into phone ) ... the Hawaiian chain of .... '' cydney 's '' voice ( o.s. ) ...more ...more ... it 's the world 's strangest ventriloquist act : '' cydney 's '' whisper voice be hear nearby , yet " cydney " herself be a quarter - mile off , bob on the ocean . with a radio to she mouth . '' cydney 's '' voice ( o.s. ) right there . realizing , gina spasm to get away from the edge but ... something grab she ankle . a88 and yank . go wide to reveal " cliff " in a recess just below she . with " cydney " spot for he , he make a blind - grab for gina . now he 's try to drag she off the edge . ( vfx shot . ) gina kick for all she 's worth . '' cliff 's '' other hand appear -- with a blasting 9mm . nightmare of nightmare : some sociopath who you can not see - and who can not see you -- have you by the ankle and be pumping round at you face from five foot away . the phone explode in gina 's hand . a chunk of she palm fly away with it . howling pain , gina keep kick until suddenly ... she 's free . " cliff " make one more blind - grab . and miss . gina eye the hand that now grope for purchase . with a rush of unfiltered hatred , she pounce back with the stiletto ... and just drill that hand . somewhere below . it bring a bigger howl from a88 page 87 . leave he stake to the ground , gina stumble back to ... 89 ext . above OPEN -ceiling cave - day 89 the sea cave . hope against hope , she scan one more time for Nick . but he 's go . 90 ext . sea cliff - day 90 close on '' cliff 's '' good hand yanking the stiletto out of he stake hand . it 's a macabre sight . 91 ext . ocean - napali coast - day 91 in the kayak , '' cydney '' watch " cliff " drag himself up onto the cliff - top and look around . there 's no sign of gina . 92 ext . sea cliff - day 92 '' cliff '' ( into radio ) she get off a call , ask for help back at the beach . * * even with a quarter - mile separation , they manage to look into each other 's eye . '' cydney '' ( into radio ) '' nothing exist until we get there . '' * '' cydney '' jam a paddle into the water and pull hard . 93 int . / ext . OPEN - ceiling cave - day Nick 's kayak ride the swell forlornly . drop underwater to find ... 93 presently camera Nick 's body float beneath the kayak . we be not sure - blood cloud the water -- but be he head miss ? 94 int . kayak - underwater - day we find the miss head here , breathe from the air-pocket inside the kayak . Nick be alive . decide it 's time , he push out ... 94 page 88. 95 int . / ext . OPEN -ceiling cave - continuous ... and claw onto the back of the kayak . the rear of he head where we glimpse ... 95 blood sheet from titanium . the bullet rip open a flap of scalp -- but do not penetrate he space - age skull . nick okay . somebody monkey - fuck I up a marlboro Light . a95 quick cut : do jungle surgery , Nick fold he scalp back into place ... snug on he boonie hat ... then loop a tie-down strap around the outside of the hat and cinch it tight . it 's a stylish tourniquet for he head . a95 almost good to go , Nick reach into a pocket to check one more thing . the e-bay engagement ring . still in its box . he tuck it away -- and yank the trail - axe out of the kayak 's hull . * * nick here I come , baby . 96 * * ext . inland passage - back to kalalau beach - late day wide from helicopter : run for she life . 96 on a mountain ridge , one small figure * * gina . hobble but deny the pain . move as fast as she can over uneven , ankle-twist ground . somewhere behind she come ... " cliff " . pistol out . smell blood . crunke up on speed and make good time for it . and somewhere behind he ... Nick . gilligan in one hand , axe in the other . track they blood and heedless of he own . wearing he wound like a badge of honor , in fact , because he be a goddamn american jedi . and somewhere far to he leave ... 97 ext . ocean - napali coast - late day '' cydney . '' paddle hard . best time of all . 98 shoot over swell . * 97 make the ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day down to one good hand , gina descend the rope awkwardly . skip the last few knot and drop bodily to the ground . get up and run right into ... 98 page 89 . a man . it 's one of the four kayaker who do not expect to be on foot right now . kayaker # 1 whoa , whoa , whoa . sorry to scare you . but you would not happen to have see two - gina ( craze ) go back , go back , go back to the beach ... he 's comin’ this way .... kayaker # 1 well , we would -- but someone steal two kayak and some of we gear , okay ? someone who head off this direc - gina he 's get a gun ... he fuckin’ shot nicko and he shot I right in the fuckin’ hand , okay ? he’s got a gun ! the kayaker swap look . '' what the hell do we walk into ? '' kayaker # 2 ( take she arm ) let I see that .... gina lemme go , lemme go , lemme - kayaker # 2 hey , hey , hey . I be a emt , okay ? I can help , but I just gotta take a look at it first . ( to other ) let 's get she down . no ! gina I can ’t stop ! she fight . the kayaker corral gina , try to help but actually put she in great danger . because behind they ... unseen ... that knotted rope be move . weight from above . sway . carry someone 's page 90 . 99 ext . rocky point / kalalau beach - late day '' cydney '' paddle past a rocky point . Beach sweep into view . 100 ahead of she , kalalau ext . inland passage - late day kayaker # 2 gettin 's shocky . lie she down . gina no , no , no , there will be someone at the beach , I call for help , I do , we should all just get back to the - kayaker # 2 you 're safe here , okay ? we be not gonna let anything happen to you . you will be safe as long as you do what I ask you to - gina he be right behind I a minute ago .... who be ? kayaker # 1 who we talkin’ about ? thank God . '' cliff '' ( o.s . ) everyone turn to see '' cliff '' release the rope ladder and strolling forward . his wounded hand be wrap , but he look little worse than other trekker we have see . " cliff " gina , you feelin’ better ? gina ohfuck , ohfuck , ohfuck .... guess not . " cliff " kayaker # 1 and # 2 rise to meet " cliff , " face wary , eye hunt for any sign of a weapon . the other two hang onto gina . I be cliff . Robert . " cliff " kayaker # 1 99 100 page 91 . " cliff " sorry about all this . it 's be a helluva vacation , believe I . and here we all think it be go to be the trip of a life - kayaker # 1 just tell we what 's go on . gina he kill my nicko ! " cliff " usher the two kayaker back toward the rope ladder . he want to get out of gina 's earshot . and vice versa . " cliff " her name be gina . she 's a friend of my wife 's , and she have a little issue with , uh , well , crystal meth , okay ? she 's normally pretty functional , but as you can see , this be not normal . gina he want to be US ! * " cliff " iced out of she mind right now . here , lookit this . prove he point , he pick up a foil wonton . where gina fall off the rope ladder . it '' fall '' " cliff " be find this whole trip . kayaker # 2 , the emt guy , peel back the foil . crystal . " cliff " look , she just get in over she head this time . hope we do not have to involve police or anyone like that . I will make sure she get back safe . kayaker # 1 and # 2 swap glance . '' sound okay . '' kayaker # 1 look , we be just out here ' cuz someone take off with two of we boat . last thing we want be to step in someone else 's mess . right ? kayaker # 2 yeah , right . except .... page 92 . " cliff " ' cept what ? kayaker # 2 I do not get why she pupil be normal and yours be the size of olive . a time -stop moment : until ... no heartbeat . no breath . no word " cliff " ( narcissistically wounded ) you know , guy , it be a perfectly good story . cobra-fast , he come up with the 'mm . * gina tear free . a100 in rapid - FIRE shot , " cliff " drop the kayaker with the calm of a guy whack weed . ( vfx shot . ) a100 * it 's fuck shocking how he mow they down just to get a line - of- sight on ... gina . running like a scald cat . '' cliff . '' he 's get the perfect shot on she backside . * the 9mm . clicking dry . * " cliff " oh , count you freakin’ shot . he zing out a clip . b100 high angle : from a vantage halfway up the rope ladder , we look down on " cliff " as he reload . in silent slow motion , Nick freefall into frame after separate from the rope somewhere above , blood in he eye , cock back he tactical knife as he drop full - weight toward ... " cliff . " b100 * slap home a fresh clip in slow motion . tight on a metal - tip strap on Nick 's clothing . flapping in slow motion , it go ting - ting -ting . and just that smallest of sound ... c100 alert " cliff . " moment ... he upturn he face . '' cliff '' ( stunne ) why be not you dead ? in a time - stop c100 * * * * page 93. d100 a fast crashing collision . the 9mm explode . the blade flash and bite . body avalanche across the ground . 101 ext . kalalau beach - late day '' cydney '' beach the kayak . coast to spot ... d100 101 hear thumping . look up the a helo come out of the sun . '' cydney '' scan the beach and waterfall area , look for gina . she have not make it back yet . the police helo come in for a beach landing . arm frantically , '' cydney '' run to it . 102 waving she ext . inland passage - late day * 102 running , gina dare to glance over she shoulder -- and find no one chase she . lung on fire , she slow and listen . it 's eerily quiet back there . 103 ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day * * 103 still down , Nick wear a fresh bullet - wound in one shoulder . not far away ... lies '' cliff . '' his good hand be now he bad hand : Nick 's blade come down the valley of he finger , separate the third and fourth metacarpal and nearly bifurcate the hand . Nick reach for gilligan . '' cliff '' reach for the 'mm . maim hand . 104 he struggle to hold it in he ext . inland passage - late day 104 gina backpedal up the next rise , stretch she neck , try to gain some elevation to peer back on ... the rope-ladder area. foot . a familiar figure stagger to he gina ( almost cry ) nicko ? 105 ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day Nick advance on '' cliff , '' who try to pull the trigger but find it 's like shoot with he foot . the first shot ... 105 * * page 94 . zing past Nick 's ear . he keep come . the second shot ... go wild . Nick keep come . a third shot ... rip open Nick 's pantleg . with a close rush of speed , Nick punt the pistol out of '' cliff 's '' hand ... ... catch it in midair ... ... and stick the muzzle in '' cliff 's '' eye-socket as he jam the tactical knife up under '' cliff 's '' chin . he just might kill this fucker twice . nick so how many time ? you do this to ? how many people " cliff " ' nough to get good at it . Christ , bit my tongue . hate that . * * * nick it 's gonna stop hurt any second now . * * * " cliff " oh , you think this be it , Nick ? bad guy busy it , crowd go nut ? you know what I hate ' bout that end ? aside from it be cliche ? it 's you version of reality , '' pallie '' ... * * * * * * behind Nick , a helicopter roar into view , dominate frame . Police be visible through a open door , one with rifle . not mine . 106 * '' cliff '' ( cont 'd ) int . police helo - late day police Pov : the four kayaker lie dead on the ground . a fifth victim -- '' cliff '' -- be about to be kill by Nick . it 's a damn picture , make even more so by ... '' cydney '' ( be Nick ) oh , my go .... that 's he . that 's the one who try to kill we ! * * * * 106 * * page 95 . Inside , we find '' cydney '' with a blanket over she shoulder , play the role of harrow survivor . a young police lieutenant split he attention between she ... the dire situation below ... and the marksman who await he order . 107 ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day * 107 amplified voice weapon down , put you weapon down ! prop - wash blast everything . Nick be momentarily confuse . capitalize on it , '' cliff '' grab Nick 's gun-hand -- and make sure the barrel of the 9 mm stay point at he . '' cliff '' what be you gonna do , Nick ? sure feel good to squeeze that trigger - but you kill I , you kill yourself . just be not gonna do that , be you ? too much to live for . too many attachment . too soft . 108 int . police helo - late day '' cydney '' I be the one who call for help , they be the one who do all that awful thing , now please , please do something before he kill my husband ! 109 ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day * * * * * * * * * * 108 * * * * * * 109 * amplified voice last chance ! weapon down ! * * '' cliff '' what be we gonna do here , Nick ? do not kill I and I will just come back . this idiot can not keep I lock up . hey , one year from today , I want you in honolulu , pier 19 . right around noon , some guy will brush by you , give you a little bump . you will turn around and see he walk off . he will not look like I - but might look a little like you . he will be hold a shave ice , let 's say cherry , bright red in honor of all the blood we spill here today . Circle the date , nicko . because that 's the day you will know just how good I really fuck be . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * page 96 . 110 int . police helo - late day 110 * '' cydney '' what be you waiting for ! 111 * * ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day 111 '' cliff '' hoooo-yah .... 112 * * int . police helo - late day 112 * lieutenant ( to marksman ) do it . * marksman Pov : a nano-second before he take the shot , another figure careen into he cross-hair , crash into Nick , cover he up , act as a human shield . it 's gina . a hand grip the marksman 's shoulder . 113 '' hold off ! '' ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day 113 gina do not you die on I , oh Christ , do not you die again .... come out of he homicidal fugue , Nick drop the blade and pistol -- and raise he arm as best he can . 114 int . police helo - late day '' cydney . '' sinking back . prevaile this time . 115 know that another reality ext . rope ladder - inland passage - late day gina continue to hug Nick like it be the last day on Earth . it nearly be . behind Nick 's back : hey . 114 " cliff " I woulda do it if I be you . Nick crush he face with a crescent- kick . nick well , you be not I . 115 page 97 . a115 the helo bark more order ... the prop - wash hurricane around a115 they ... but Nick and gina be in they own world now , prop each other up , know it will come out right as long as they both live to tell the tale . dissolve to : 116 ext . medivac helo - sunset a medivac helo . civilization . 117 head up the coast . 116 head back to int . medivac helo - sunset 117 in one litter lie gina , eye close , a i.v. line in she hand . across the aisle be Nick , similarly tend to . as the helo bank , the ocean horizon appear in a window , and Nick hoist himself up to see ... God 's best sunset . hey . nick ' be 's for you . he 's get the ring - box . gina take it but can not get it open . the med-tech help out . gina Holy crap . you buy this on honolulu ? in that shop ? e-bay . nick beat out 19 other shmuck . gina well , how long you have it ? nick Year and a half . gina '' a year and a .... '' what the hell you waitin’ for , you dumb bastard ? nick the right moment . she think about rag on he some more -- in fact , she think about stand right up and box he ear . but she eye go dewy first . * page 98 . gina ( to med-tech ) would you ... can you just .... gently , without disturbing the i.v. , the stranger slip the ring on gina 's finger . oh , nicko . gina you be a man in full . take it for a '' yes , '' Nick lean back . gina do likewise . suddenly stricken by the same think ... nick let 's not do a honeymoon . gina I do not need no honeymoon . fade out