a perfect world written by JOHN lee hancock December 1992 draft for educational purpose only 1 music up . it 's a tad eerie . if a Zydeco band die in a 1 bus crash this be the kind of music they would play in heaven . fade in on : white screen which transform to a milky white and eventually into a bright high noon sun . a large black bird fly in circle overhead . as it wipe the sun a bright flare cause ... closeup - pair of eye to squint , then adjust to the light and finally open . they look tired , but content , maybe even relaxed . closeup - man the owner of the eye . though we only see from he shoulder to the top of he head , we can tell he 's lie in a field . his arm be propped behind he head as a pillow and he appear to be rest comfortably . muffled voice and whisper fill the air but they seem to come from another place . the man do not notice they . his name be butch . a gust of wind blow butch 's hair a bit and a piece of straw wipe across he forehead . then , oddly enough , it be follow by a dollar bill , which rest against he cheek , then skitter across he face . it be follow by another and another , a five , a ten , a single . butch pay no attention . he 's in another world . dissolve to : 2 ext . neighborhood - madisonville , TX . - dusk 2 superscript : october , 1963 . a small country town . normally quiet at this hour , the street be tonight alive with trick or treater dress as witch , goblin and superhero make they annual door to door round . 3 ext . perry house - night 3 gladys perry , 30 go on 45 due to single motherhood and have work two fulltime minimum wage job the past ten year , look out the window with disgust and pull the curtain close . 4 int . perry house - night 4 gladys retreat from the sparsly decorate live room to the predictably drab linoleum kitchen . at the table , hand on they lap , sit she child , naomi and RUTH , twin girl age 10 , and phillip , a quiet boy of 8 . ( continued ) 2 . 4 continued : 4 gladys set a casserole on the table and go to the frig for a container of milk . the child whisper to one another ... naomi Judy baumer be go as a twirler . RUTH but she 's so fat . I would go as cinderella ... or Peter Pan . naomi Peter Pan 's a boy . tinker Bell 's a girl . Phillip could go as Peter Pan ... ' cept you gotta ' fly . Phillip smile a bit at the notion . RUTH Phillip could go as a bump on a log . the girl giggle and Phillip frown . phillip why can not we go just once ? naomi caus ' we jus ' can not , ok ? gladys set milk and butter on the table and stare directly at she son . gladys we personal belief lift we to a higher place . ' side , Halloween be nothing but the Devil 's work . the doorbell ring . the kid gulp as gladys turn and head for the door . 5 ext . front door - night 5 mr. hughes , a 35 - year- old family man be play chaperone to prepubescent version of superman , tinkerbell , and a dancing skeleton . kide ( in unison ) trick or treat !!! gladys simply stare at the child before look to Mr. Hughes . gladys I be sorry but we do not take no part in Halloween . ( continued ) 3 . 5 continued : 5 mr. hughes Excuse I ? Phillip arrive at he mother 's apron . he stare at the kid with relish . in the near window , Ruth and naomi steal a look through the window . gladys we be jehovah 's Witness . superman lock eye with Phillip . superman hey , Phillip perry . phillip hey , billy reeves . superman how would ya ' know it be I ? gladys go eat you supper , Phillip . mr. hughes come on , kid . let 's go to the next house . sorry for the bother . gladys close the door firmly and lock it . 6 ext . huntsville state prison - night 6 a green impala pull up to the main entrance and stop . a guard step from he office to greet the driver , larry , a pudgy 55 - year - old prison employee wear a loud plaid jacket . guard evenin ' , Larry . forget something ' ? larry goin ' to Austin tomorrow . gonna ' take some work with I . guard work , work , work . when you and I gonna ' go out and grab a cold one ? larry sooner the better . the gate open and the impala pass . 4 . 7 int . cell - night 7 butch hayne , a 38 - year- old inmate who reek with knowledge procure from the wrong side of the track , but whose sad , tired eye bemoan a maximum of regret , stand on the top of a cell bunk chipping at the ceiling . jerry pugh , 29 , rail thin , a punk who constantly lick he lip , keep watch at the door . a old timer sit on he bunk and watch both with a cautious eye . butch chip through to something . butch damn if the old man be not right . Jerry smile , turn and grab the old man by the shirt . jerry and this go to the roof ? old timer use to ... afore they wall it over . jerry if it do not I be gonna ' rip you tongue out . old timer get yer ' damn hand off I ! Jerry laugh and join butch , who be already well on he way to bend open a slot in a corrugate metal air shaft hide behind the wall . 8 ext . neighborhood - night 8 superman and Dancing skeleton , no longer with adult super - vision , fill water balloon at a outdoor water spigot . superman make them small so you can heave them . 9 int . perry house - night 9 a assembly line at the kitchen sink as the twin wash and Phillip dry the evening dish . gladys sit at the kitchen table , read religious pamphlet and keep a watchful eye over the process . several thud resound through the house . phyllis what in the world ? Phillip jump down off he stool and race into the live room . 5 . 10 ext . house - night 10 superman loft a balloon and grab another as the first hit the door of the perry house and splatter . superman bomb away ! Dancing skeleton do he best Warren spahn and toss a wet fastball at the door . skeleton here 's you trick ! at the window , Phillip , he nose press to the pane , stare expressionless at the onslaught . he barely flinch as a balloon splat only inch away . gladys arrive and pull the curtain shut once more . 11a ext . prison - night 11a butch kick the top off a ventilator shaft and roll onto the roof . Jerry follow as butch shimmy to the wall . at the edge , butch and Jerry survey the yard as a searchlight routinely bathes the wall in a circle of light . 11b there Pov - GREEN impala 11b park almost directly below they , next to the administration office of the prison . jerry you and be must be livin ' right , butchie boy ! butch let 's get something straight . I do not like you . as soon as we be on we way , that 's it . jerry who say I like you ? butch slide down and hang from the ledge before drop on the roof of the building below . 12 int . admin office - night 12 a soft thud cause a Guard to look up , but only momentarily as he spot Larry depart , file in hand , wave goodbye . guard have a safe trip now , Larry . 6 . 13 ext . yard - night 13 just as Larry reach the impala , butch and Jerry leap down and land on he . the spotlight shower they in a flash of light as it pass by . butch cup he hand over Larry 's mouth while Jerry reach into he jacket -- bingo -- a shiny .38 . butch ( to Larry ) keep yer ' mouth shut . jerry ( to Larry ) gawd I would love to blow yer ' head off . 14 ext . prison gate - night 14 Larry , drive with he eye straight ahead , stop at the gate and wave a palm at the Guard , who open without hesitation . guard ' night , Larry . 15 int . car - floorboard - night 15 stuff and hide half on the floor and half under the mat be Jerry and butch . jerry ' night , Larry . 16 omitted 16 16a int . SMALL , well - lit diner - night 16a a weathered finger drop a quarter in a jukebox . man ( o.s. ) B - 5 . have not hear that one in awhile . the woman , mae , 45 , a dog-tire waitress , punch in the number and return to she post behind the counter . a lonesome hank william tune pour forth . mae not since last night . how 's the pie ? red garnett , 60 , a grizzle but handsome Texas Ranger , sit at the counter slowly chew . red kinda rubbery . it be better yesterday . ( continued ) 7 . 16a continued : 16a mae same pie as yesterday . not much call for rhubarb . sell one slice a day . in the background we hear a siren . Red turn and watch a police patrol car whiz past , light on . mae yer off duty . tell I , if I stop bakin ' them would you still come by every night ? Red , preoccupy , take another rubbery bite . red I do not know . mae smile and turn she back to Red as she clean the grill . mae naw , Red garnett , you do not come in here for the coffee and pie . you come in here for the company . to see I . another patrol car race past . Red 's eye follow it . 16b angle on mae 16b mae now that I have say that , I will go one better . what say I cook you dinner at my place sometime ? steak , baked tater , cold beer , the work . well ?... I be askin ' you out . she turn to face Red but he 's go . a coupla dollar lie next to the half - eat pie . all she can do be sigh . 16c int . / ext . patrol car - night 16c Red pull up in front of a small house in a residential section of town . Police car be everywhere and several officer be behind they vehicle , gun point at the house . Red step out of the car and be greet by a police sergeant , about the same age as Red . sergeant Long time , no see . what be you doin ' here , Chief ? red could not sleep . whattaya get ? ( continued ) 8. 16c continued : 16c they walk . Red arrive at a truck with a 10 gallon coffee urn roped to the tailgate . he grab a paper cup and pour . sergeant guy holdin ' he family hostage . she kick he out , serve he divorce papers , he come back drunk and pull a .38 . fire two shot but we do not think anybody 's hit . actually you might know the guy from you sheriff day . hayden webb. be on suspension for awhile . Ring any bell ? red yeah . lemme talk to he . sergeant no can do . Police jurisdiction . Red taste the coffee -- cold . he spit it out , pour the content of the cup on the ground and walk toward the front yard . sergeant follow . red and how be you guy doin ' ? sergeant we get specific rule to follow in this kinda situation , red. ( give in ) he will not talk . jus ' keep yellin' , cry and wave he gun around . Red move forward into the yard . sergeant at least use the megaphone , you stubborn jackass ! but Red ignore and arrive at the front door . he knock . red hayden , this be Red garnett . we work together a few year back . mind if I come in ? the yelling inside stop and the door open a crack . hayden , 35 , distraught , peer out . hayden ' evenin ' , Chief . red leave it to the p.d . they get a three - ring circus out there and not one cup of hot coffee . you mind ? hayden mull it over , then open the door . 9 . 16d int . webb house - night 16d on the couch sit hayden 's wife , julie , cradling she two kid , a infant and a 8 - year - old boy . Julie sob . her eye and temple be bruise purple . Red slowly enter , nod to Julie , take off he hat and set it on a lampstand . hayden have move away from Red against the wall . he hold the gun out at no one in particular . hayden Julie , put a pot of coffee on . she slowly get up and move to the kitchen , still weep . red appreciate it . jus ' what be it you want , hayden ? hayden I dunno ... I want my job . I want my family . red what would they suspend you for ? hayden I answer a call in South Austin . girl gettin ' rape , that 's the word . I bust in the door , this lowlife be beatin' the shit outta she with a tire iron . ' help I , help I , ' she say . I take the guy down . he bite I . I break he arm . case close , right ? no . she be he wife and they both sue I and the department . the guy 's about to kill she and she sue I ' cause now he can not pump gas . they have chump change in the bank but they get the best lawyer in town . Three month I be goin ' crazy . no pay . then my wife leave I and I get serve divorce papers by John reese -- a sheriff 's man . you know how embarrassin ' that be ? what 's happenin ' , Chief ? I mean , everybody 's get a fuckin ' lawyer ! Julie emerge from the kitchen and retake she seat . red you love she ? Love the kid ? hayden yeah . julie then why do you hit I ! hayden grip the quivering revolver tight and point it at she . Red calm the situation ... ( continued ) 10 . 16d continued : 16d red you do not wanna shoot she . hayden I swear to God I think I do . red naw , hayden , I do not think so . I think you love she . you know what else I think ? that you would like a way out of this whole mess ... that 's where I come in . 16e ext . house - night 16e sergeant and other cop stand around and watch the house . sergeant well , I will be damned . new angle the front door open and Julie emerge with she two kid . she take a few cautious step , then run to the police . 16f int . house - night 16f Red sit on the coffee table , unload hayden 's gun . he open the cylinder and drop the shell to the floor . a calmer hayden exit the kitchen with Red 's coffee . Red accept it , take a sip . red Hit the spot . hayden start to sob a bit . Red hand over a handkerchief which hayden accept . hayden no cuff , huh , Chief ? red okay . you ready ? hayden nod , they stand . Red pick up he hat , stick it on he head , open the door and hold it for ... hayden , transfix by the multitude of light outside . he gulp . red we will walk out together , okay ? hayden step back , look at Red , then reach behind he back , underneath he shirt and pull out a . 22 pistol . ( continued ) 11 . 16f continued : 16f hayden any good officer have a back -up . Red hold he palm out and take a step toward hayden . red lemme have it , hayden . hayden point the gun at Red , freezing he . hayden be I a good officer , Chief ? Red nod . hayden be I a good deputy ? the kinda man you could depend on to do what 's right ? red yeah . hayden smile . hayden thank you . then he turn the gun on himself , swallow the barrel and blows he brain out . dissolve to : 16g ext . house - night ( later ) 16g hayden 's dead , cover body be carry out the door . Julie scream and sob , still hold she cry child . Red , look pretty shook up , slowly exit the house . he stop and look at Julie and the kid . his eye lock with the little boy' . cop get a call , Chief garnett . they be lookin ' for ya downtown . Red slowly walk away . the little boy 's eye follow he . 17 int . convenience store - night 17 it 's a small town version of a 7 - 11 , keep open by a owner anxious to cash in on the later night munchy of beer drinker . good idea . bad luck . ( continued ) 12 . 17 continued : 17 Jerry skim through a girly magazine , turn the page with the gun . butch , wear Larry 's plaid jacket , jimmy open the cash register . he look to the floor then to ... Jerry , who catch butch 's gaze , hold it , look down at the floor , then , smile , look back to butch . he return to the skin mag . butch hold he stare at Jerry then , in one move , grab a wad of cash and hop over the counter and out of the store . Jerry notice butch leave , grab a handful of assort brach 's candy and hurry after . jerry hey , wait up ! Jerry 's foot scurry through a pool of blood and past a quivering hand . 18 int . d.p.s. - TEXAS rangers headquarters - night 18 it 's very late , after midnight , and only a handful of people , half of whom be cleanup crew , shuffle through the office . a light from a office at the end of the hall catch we eye . a muffled voice over the phone ... red ( v.o. ) I understan ' you concern , johnny . 19 int . red' office - night 19 Red , behind a huge ranchstyle desk cover with file and paper , sip coffee with one hand , work a buffalo nickel through magician 's pace with the other and balance the phone receiver in the crook of he neck . red ( on phone ) con be creature o' habit . like old coyote , they will crawl back into familiar hole . uh huh ... yeah ... sure yer ' right . listen you go back to bed and I will call you in the a.m. with a update . I will have the file by then . say hullo to the mrs.. Red sigh , put the phone back in the hook and stare at it until it ring again . 20 int . perry house - night ( just before dawn ) 20 the clanging wind up alarm clock read 5:30 and gladys open she eye and gently quiet it with a touch . she groan and rise , not happy but use to the daily ritual require of she . 13 . 21 int . perry live room - night 21 as the kitchen light come on we see that the couch have be open up to a bed in which all three child sleep . the twin sleep soundly but Phillip toss and turn away from the light . 22 ext . neighborhood - night 22 the impala creep through the previously see neighborhood without its light . 23 int . impala - night 23 butch drive while Jerry scour the block . jerry there 's a buick . butch do not want a buick . want a ford. jerry Ford 's leak oil . a car 's a car . butch put on the brake and bring the car to a stop . butch then take the buick . jerry soon as we cross state line I will do just that . ( beat ) I be tired of riding around . I will check down the block ... for a Ford ! Jerry get out , slam the door , light a cigarette and walk away . butch wait a few second , quietly turn the key one notch and check the gas ggauge . it read almost empty . he tap it with he finger but it do not budge . he sigh , look up and see ... jerry as he check one lock car , then feel eye on he back , turn , look at butch , grin and disappear around a corner . butch discreetly exit the car himself , carefully close the door without a sound . 24 int . perry kitchen - night 24 gladys step into a slip and snap she bra while crack egg into a skillet . by rote she salt , stir , and pop bread into the toaster . 14 . 25 ext . perry backyard - someone's Pov - night 25 from behind a fence , through the open , screen window we see gladys at work . Phillip enter , dress in cotton brief and a T-shirt , drag a chair from the kitchen table by the window and assist he mother by butter the toast . Pov move closer . gladys thank you , Phillip . go wake up you sister . Phillip dutifully step down and return to the live room . gladys work to adjust she slip , then grab plate and silverware and take they to the table . jerry I take mine fry . 26 int . kitchen - night 26 gladys gasp at Jerry 's face press against the screen , but control herself when he brandish the pistol . he motion for she to open the back door . she do . he slide into the room and sit down at the table . 27 ext . on STREET - night 27 a Ford sit in a driveway . in the far b.g. a back porch light glare . butch enter frame , look at the light , turn to the Ford and start to jimmie the lock . no luck . he rise and look to the light . 28 int . kitchen - night 28 Jerry stuff a piece of toast in he mouth , grin at gladys and make a motion to the counter . jerry a lil ' on the bland side . gimme ' that ketchup . she pick up a bottle of heinz and inch toward he . when she get close , he grab she and force she onto he lap . he hold the gun to she throat and whisper in she ear . jerry do not get a man around here , do ya ' ? 29a int . neighbor be house - night 29a mr . cumming , 70 , put on he glass and peer through the window . 15 . 29b he Pov - perry kitchen 29b gladys sit on Jerry 's lap , thanks to .38 caliber coercion . the convict 's hand move freely over the frighten woman 's body . 30 int . perry kitchen - night 30 jerry feed I , sweet thing . her shaking hand raise a forkful of egg to he lip . he lick they once then gobbles with gusto . Phillip enter the room and stop dead in he track . jerry well lookie here , you do get a man ! Jerry smile at Phillip while he kiss and lick glady 's neck . at once , Phillip dart across the room at Jerry , who backhand the boy with he gunhand , send Phillip sprawling . butch blast through the door in a instant . with a swift kick to the head , Jerry be knock senseless onto the floor against the cabinet . the gun slide across the floor and land at Phillip 's foot . jerry ( hold he ear ) I be bleedin ' ! you happy ? butch give Jerry a icy stare and kneel down to eye level with Phillip . butch look at the gun and then at Phillip . butch what 's you name , boy ? phillip ( scared shitless ) ph ... Phillip ... butch well , okay Phillip . reach down and pick up that pistola . jerry give it to I . butch ( to Jerry ) shut yer ' mouth . ( to Phillip ) pick it up and bring it over here . ( continued ) 16 . 30 continued : 30 Phillip reach down and slowly pick up the gun by the handle . he take one step toward butch , then another . gladys , petrify , sob . Phillip arrive armslength from butch . closeup - phillip and butch butch now say ' stick them up . ' phillip ( hesitant ) stick them up ... butch laugh and then a noise from outside bring he back to reality . he grab the gun and spin to see ... mr. cumming stand outside the screen door , gun levele . before the old man can utter a syllable , butch grab Phillip and point the gun straight at cumming . Jerry jump up and grab gladys . butch put the gun down , old timer . you could not hit I anyway . probably shoot the boy . the phone ring . butch leave it be . the twin wiping sleep from they eye , wander into the room . naomi mama ?... gladys it 's all right , honey . phone continue to ring . cumming can not decide what to do with the gun he 's point at butch . jerry you deaf ?!!! butch set it on the ground . cumming reluctantly obey . jerry we gotta ' get the hell outta'here ! ( continued ) 17 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 phone still ring ... jerry shut up ! in one fluid move he rip the phone from the wall . the silence be deafen . jerry ( be : gladys ) I vote we bring she with we . butch no. jerry how we gonna ' get outta ' here without a hostage , tell I that ? the whole goddam neighborhood 's awake . butch we will take the boy . silence . gladys can not believe she ear . then ... gladys nooooo !!! Jerry toss gladys aside . she collapse onto the floor . the twins instantly start to cry . Phillip wind up and hit butch as hard as he can . butch pick he up , direct cumming into the kitchen with the gun and nod for Jerry to lead . butch you will get he back . I swear it . 31 ext . front yard - dawn 31 butch , carry Phillip , and Jerry emerge from the back of the house and race back to the impala . gladys ( o.s. ) Phillip !!!!... butch flip Jerry the gun , toss Phillip into the passenger seat , leap over the hood and into the driver 's seat . the car start and squeal away . neighbor , arouse by the noise , exit they home clad in robe , nighty and curler . 18 . 32 int . car - dawn 32 Jerry fire a shot over they head , send they to the deck or scurrying for safety . jerry ai not you folk ever hear of sleepin ' in ?!! 33 ext . perry yard - dawn 33 cumming race from behind the house with the shotgun , level it and fire a blast ... a nearby station wagon window shatter . rising from they cover position , its owner look at cumming with disgust . owner Nice shootin ' , Fred . 34 int . red' office - day 34 garnett , still in the same clothes , rest the phone receiver in he ear while he shuffles through the file before he . Red 's deputy and boy friday , tom adler , 40 , lank , thinning hair , with a face as soft as Red 's be hard , warm up Red 's coffee with a jolt from the Chief 's favorite plaid thermos . red ( into phone ) yes , johnny , I do understand that ... the jabber on the other end of the phone line continue as Red 's eye squint to read the file . insert - file the first be Jerry 's , complete with a grin mug shot in the upper right hand corner . there be several page in the file , but Red 's finger quickly peruse the top rap sheet before turn to ... insert - second file it 's butch 's and again Red 's finger start to move down the page then they stop and move to the photo of butch at the top of the page . red' face a hint of recognition . the jabber continue ... closeup - photo of butch a little young than now . a young con with the grim facade of a man face hard time . ( continued ) 19 . 34 continued : 34 red keep stare at the photo , oblivious to the phone conversa - tion he 's " not have " . phone voice ( v.o. ) Red ? Red , you there ? adler ( a whisper ) Red ?.... red ( to adler ) huh ? adler ( a whisper ) he 's talkin ' to ya ' . phone voice ( v.o. ) have you hear a word I have say ?! Red come to ... red ( into phone ) yeah , johnny . jus ' thinkin ' be all .... adler ( another whisper ) Press have be wait almost a hour , Red . Red nod then notice someone at the door and motion she in ... sally gerber , 28 , cute in a plain , no nonsense way , with giant curl accent she round face in step with the latest hair fashion , enter the room , close the door behind she . she 's nervous as hell but try to hide it . Red motion she to have a seat while he finish he call . red ( into phone ) yeah .... clear as a bell ... mi ' sabe . Red hang up the phone , take a draw on the coffee mug and look again at the file . he seem lose in time . adler what would he say ? red ( distract ) who ? ( continued ) 20 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 adler the guvner ' , Red . Red close the file . red remind I it 's a election year . Red turn he attention to Sally . red you drink before noon ? sally ( confuse ) uh ... no. red good . last one I have be on a liquid diet . sally last what ? red Secretary . adler ( remember ) penny munroe . sally I believe you have I confuse . I be here from huntsville . assign by Governor connally . Red be confuse . he turn a blank expression to adler . red adler ... what be this ? adler search the messy desk for something . adler ring a bell , red. believ ' they send we something about she this mornin ' ... red who send ?... adler ... guvner ' , Red . adler find the telex message sheet he 's look for and hand it to red. ( continued ) 21 . 34 continued : ( 3 ) 34 adler ... here it be . sally ( introduce ) uh , I be Sally gerber . criminologist with the State prison system . Sally offer she hand . Red , peruse the telex , ignore but adler shake somewhat reluctantly , not sure if he 's suppose to like she or not . adler Tom adler . deputy . State Police ... system . sally it 's a relatively new procedure but I be assign by Governor connally ... red ( read from telex ) ... 'to work with State law enforcement official in all affair where penal matter coincide with that of the State Police . ' it do not say nuthin ' about ... sally ... it include parole and work release program as well as penal escape situation . the office phone buzy . adler pick it up . adler ( into phone ) on we way , marge . adler hang up the phone . adler gettin ' antsy , Red . you schedule it . adler hang up , grab Red 's tie and coat from a brass rung on the wall and hand they over . Red put down the telex , stare at Sally and reluctantly attempt to make himself presentable . sally the idea be that a understanding of the particular behavioral case history should , in parole situation , help the subject to avoid habitual trap and , in penal escape situation could , conversely , identify that self - same trap as a aide to apprehension . ( continued ) 22 . 34 continued : ( 4 ) 34 adler stare at Sally then turn to Red with a " never hear the like " look of amazement on he face . Red , roguishly handsome in he tan , western cut blazer , clip on tie and ten gallon hat , make he way to the door . but , before he exit ... red in the first place , miss gerber . sally Sally , please . red in the first place , Sally , it be not a ' penal escape situation . ' it 's a manhunt . Fancy word in a circle do not help much . sally and what do ? red a nose like a Blue tick , a medulla with a antenna and one helluva lot of coffee . and with that he 's out the door . 35 int . PRESS room - day 35 a throng of photog and news writer stuff the undersized room . the clamor settles when Red enter and step behind the lectern . red listen up , I will only say it once . at approximately ten o'clock last night two inmate over to huntsville , Robert ' butch ' haynes and Jerry David pugh , escape through a air shaft , grab a prison employee 's car and get out through the main gate . at approximately 1 a.m. we believe they rob a market outside of cut -n - shoot and kill the store 's owner . reporter # 1 be the prison employee with they ? red be when they leave the prison . Sally and adler enter the room and stand beside the lectern observe . Red notice they . ( continued ) 23 . 35 continued : 35 reporter # 2 what 's the rap sheet on this guy like ? red Long as Christmas eve to a kid . haynes be doin ' 40 for armed robbery and pugh be ridin ' 20 hisself for manslaughter and assort parole vio . reporter # 3 be there any indication of ... red ... lemme ' finish , billy . this mornin ' another hostage be take ... from a private home in madisonville . a boy , age 8 . grab he out of bed . reporter # 1 any sex offense on haynes or pugh ? red yer ' askin ' if they be prevert . well , one be . reporter # 4 you get inter-agency cooperation on this ? red Texas ranger as the criminal investigation arm of the d.p.s. share responsibility with the f.b.i. due to the kid be take . but I doubt they be out of bed yet . a few chuckle . reporter # 3 Red , how do you plan to apprehend the escapee ? red officially I can only say we have a full manhunt team on they trail and we will proceed with due haste . reporter # 3 and unofficially ? Red hesitates a moment , something 's bother he , then blurt out ... red unoffically ? I be gonna ' hunt them like the rabid dog they be . ( continued ) 24 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 every hand in the place shoot up and ad lib question fly like bullet . red that 's all I have get but I would like to introduce ya ' to miss Sally gerber . she 's straight from the Governor 's office . know all about psychological profile and the like . you probably have some question for she . Red step back and to one side . Sally be take aback but then warm to the idea and step to the podium for she first press conference , ready to take on the tough question , to show off a bit , but .... there be no question . in fact there be utter silence as every raise hand drop . eye stare . Red sigh and start to walk away . red look , fella , I get work to do . and he head out the door , follow by Sally 's eye and every reporter 's in the room , who commence once again to yell out question and mob after the Chief . every reporter , that be , except one . he 's near the back of the room and he smile and raise he hand . Sally , unsure what to do , look to he ... sally you have a question ? reporter yes I do . Sally smile a bit then put on she serious face await ... reporter you doin ' anything tonight ? Sally , steam , glare at the guy and stomp out of the room . reporter I be serious ! 36 int . impala - day 36 butch be drive with Phillip in the front seat beside he , still in he underwear . Jerry , in the backseat , leer at butch , aim out the window and fire once . 25 . 37 ext . field near road - day 37 a aluminum water tank spew a violent leak . 38 int . / ext . car - day 38 butch we get a handful of cap and yer ' shootin ' water tank . he 's a smart guy , huh , Phillip ? Phillip do not move or change expression . Jerry smile , almost to himself , and fire twice more for the hell of it . the roof of the impala explode with two hole as the car speed off down the highway . 39 ext . parking lot - day 39 Red be finish up with several reporter near the door to the parking lot . adler jump in , hold up he hand . adler all right , that 's it , boy . Chief 's get work to do . Red and adler move through the parking lot to saunder , 50 , a aide to the Governor . saunder 's second be a photographer , young and energetic , and suttle , 35 , dark - haire , with a cowlick . saunder shake Red 's hand and they turn to gaze upon ... ' 60 - style airstream mobile home park in the middle of the lot hitched to the back of a new chevy truck . the airstream be paint in state color and sport banner , decal and logo . 40 ext . parking lot - day 40 saunder follow Red as he walk around the showpiece , occasionally kick a tire or two . saunder so whattaya ' think ? saunder motion for the photographer to come closer and take picture . he move in next to Red and pose as the camera click . saunder we be very proud of this baby . Governor connally special order it so state official and dignitary can ride in the parade in Dallas . you know President Kennedy 's comin ' ? ( continued ) 26 . 40 continued : 40 red so I hear . saunder latest technology , oversize engine , complete kitchen and sleep quarter , gun rack , frig , stove , the work . even get a hot line phone straight to the Governor 's office . Red stop circle and nod to adler , who scurries away . red Fine piece of machinery . saunder what 's more , as soon as it get back from Dallas it will be at you requisition disposal . perfect for lot of situation -- a headquarters on wheel . Red smile , walk up to one of the Lone Star decal and rip it off . red we will take it . saunder uh , Chief ?.... Red rip off another decal . adler and a few other start to load equipment , gun and file into the motor home . in addition they cart out unecessary item : mattress , etc. and stack they in a pile outside the motor home . the photographer continue to snap photo . saunder ( to Red ) whattaya ' doin ' , Red ?! ( to photographer ) stop takin ' picture ! Red do away with the parade banner . saunder follow behind and try to reinstate the decal . saunder it 's jus ' not possible , Red . the Governor 's gonna ' ride it in a campaign parade tomorrow . red guvner ' hisself tell I this manhunt be top priority . ( continued ) 27 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 adler move through the door to the rv carry Red 's favorite desk chair . he 's follow by bobby lee , 20' , cocksure , wear a plain khaki uniform and boot . adler ( to saunder ) s'cuse I . ( to Red ) this here 's Bobby Lee . he 's a specialist with the fed . they want he to tag along . Red stare hard at Bobby Lee , then nod . Bobby Lee step into the airstream . saunder please , Red , ya ' gotta ' believe I ... Red spot Suttle , 35 , bright -ey , with a cowlick , sit at the wheel of the chevy truck . red who be you ? suttle Dick Suttle , the driver . red not anymore . Bradley . BRADLEY , 35 , glass , move to the truck and get in . Suttle shrug and step out . saunder stop Suttle and turn to Red . saunder this man stay with the vehicle wherever it go , Red ! red ( to Suttle ) you know how to operate the gadget ? suttle yessir. red ( to Suttle ) grab a seat . Suttle set himself in the passenger seat of the truck . Sally emerge from the building , tick off , carry a armload of file box , and make a beeline for Red . saunder gently touch Red 's shoulder ; a final plea . ( continued ) 28 . 40 continued : ( 3 ) 40 saunder please Red , I be beggin ' . I mean , what be I suppose to tell the Governor ? Sally arrive but before she can spit out a word ... red tell John that miss gerber here check I out on it . Red whistle and the engine revs . Red close the door as the motor home pull away . saunder run beside the passenger side window and yell in to Suttle , who stare out the window . saunder not a scratch , you hear I , Suttle ? not a scratch ! saunder stop , breathe hard , next to Sally . she 's piss and overload with file . airstream about 20 yard down the way , come to a stop . a second later the door open and the step pop out . Sally walk toward the bus but when she arrive at the door ... ... laughter filter out of the airstream . the airstream move another 20 foot then stop . Sally wait a full five second , then she blow the hair out of she eye and , against she better judgment , move cautiously forward , the file box get heavier by the minute . again , when she get close ... ... the airstream move . Sally , boil mad as she coiffure wilt in the Texas sun , stop , and toss down the file box in anger . the airstream stop . laughter from inside and a few ad lib , i.e. -- " okay , okay . " more laughter . Red step out the door , turn he gaze back inside and the laughter and comment stop on a dime . smiling slightly he turn to Sally , move straight for the file box , pick it up and walk back to the airstream . when he arrive at the step he turn , look to Sally , who stew and hold she ground . red you comin ' or not ? she hesitates only a moment before walk straight to Red , grab back she file box and enter in front of he . 29 . 41 omitted 41 42 int . airstream - day 42 Sally enter , balance the box , and glare at the face surround she . a smile Red , a grin adler messily gorging on a cinnamon roll , a nervous kaiser , the radio man , and , in the corner , a nasty smirk from Bobby Lee . when the airstream take off again , she lose she balance and drop one of the box . adler and Suttle jump forward to help but she give they the evil eye . sally I have get it . she kneel down to pick it up and feel eye on she . she look up to the man stare at ... her skirt , raise a bit , expose a thigh . she calmly stand and look to adler , a piece of cinnamon roll dangle on he chin . sally you have get shit on you face . Red can not help but smile as adler wipe at he face . 43 ext . rural road - day 43 the impala blast along , kick up dust and disperse crow as it head into a one light township . it slow , however , before the main part of town and slide to a stop near a pay phone booth . 44 int . / ext . impala - day 44 jerry why the hell we stoppin ' ? butch you say you have a cousin near here . jerry so? butch so give he a call . see if we can shack there till ' thing cool down . Jerry think it over , lean forward and , in one quick swipe , grab the key from the ignition . then he laugh and crawl out on he way to the phone booth . ( continued ) 30 . 44 continued : 44 in the b.g. we see Jerry strut to the phone booth and pore through a thin directory . Phillip steal a glance at butch , who watch he rear view mirror and grit he tooth . phillip why would he take the key ? butch so I will not leave he . phillip ( a tad hopeful ) would you leave he ? butch oh yeah . in the b.g. Jerry rip the 20 page phone book in half and return to the car , half pleased with himself . he toss the key to butch , who start the car and drive off . jerry musta ' move . prolly ' could not have hear them anyway . goddam ear 's still bleedin' . you ever try that shit again ... butch what ? jerry what ? butch you be in the middle of threatenin ' I . jerry ( from the movie ) ai not a threat . it 's a fact . butch reach over , take Phillip 's hand and place it on the steering wheel . butch here kid , take the wheel . Phillip , scared at the prospect , nevertheless do he best to see over the dash and keep the wheel straight . butch turn back over the seat to confront Jerry . butch in two second I be gonna ' break you nose . that 's a threat ... ( continued ) 31 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 before Jerry have time to snicker butch hit he full in the face and grab the gun . blood spurt from Jerry 's nose and the injure man cup he hand over the wound . butch spin and retake the wheel from a frighten Phillip . butch ... and that 's a fact . instead of express outrage , Jerry slink back down in the seat wear a look of pure hatred . jerry I be gonna ' kill you for that . butch and that 's a threat . beginnin ' to understand the difference ? somethin ' catch butch 's eye and he turn and slow down and turn into ... 45 ext . rural store - day 45 the impala brake to a dusty stop near the front of the store , which be border by a giant hay field . 46 int . impala - day 46 butch okay , Phillip , listen up . I be gonna ' run in here and get some smoke . jerry get beer . butch hand Phillip the revolver . butch here , hold it like this .... and point it right between he eye . jerry what the hell ?... butch ( to Phillip ) if he so much as move you pull the trigger ... right here ... put you finger on it . Jerry snicker and then laugh maniacally . butch reach over and cock the pistol . Jerry 's guffaw stop on a dime . jerry yer ' a fuckin ' crazy man . ( continued ) 32 . 46 continued : 46 butch and that 's a fact . I believe yer gettin' the hang of this . butch step out of the car and head for the market . 47 int . store - day 47 butch enter . a short fat man with a fishing cap be sweeping up . butch how -do . where 's yer ' sodee ? man hot in the first aisle . cold in the back , in the cooler . 48 int . impala - day 48 Phillip 's slightly shaking hand hold the pistol point directly at Jerry 's head . jerry you ever shot a gun before , boy ? no answer . Phillip steal a glance at the store , anxious for butch to return . jerry powww !!!... it will knock you on you ass . phillip be quiet , mister . jerry naw . you be not never shot no gun before . livin ' in a house with three split tail ... no daddy around . you will probably ' grow up queer , you know that ? a bead of sweat roll down Phillip 's cheek . jerry now I be gonna ' lean up here real slow , okay ? so we can talk . Jerry raise he hand , palm up and slowly lean forward in the back seat . Phillip 's hand quiver but he do not pull the trigger . jerry there we go . now we can have a ' man to man . ' you be a man , be not ya ' ? 33 . 49 int . store - day 49 butch dump a six pack of rc colas , a handful of Moon pies , a handful of beef jerky and some gum on the counter . 50 int . impala - day 50 Jerry 's chin be on the front seat now and he arm be drape over it . jerry that be cute little underwear you get there , boy . say do you mama sew yer ' name in them , initial or anything ? Jerry 's hand slowly reach down to the white brief . he place one finger in the front elastic waistband and slowly pull it open . jerry whatcha ' get in there ? Jerry sneak a peek . jerry kinda ' puny , be not it ? Phillip , divert , look down . in a flash Jerry grab the gun . jerry the hand be quick than the eye . Jerry flick open the revolver , spin it -- empty slot . jerry ( be : butch ) that sonofabitch . Hell 's bell , no shell . 51 int . store - day 51 the Old man put down he broom and amble to the register . old man this be all for ya ' ? butch this and a carton of chesterfield . ( beat ) be that .38 shell ? gimme a box . the Old man put the cig and shell on the counter and start to tally the bill on a notepad . ( continued ) 34 . 51 continued : 51 old man with deposit come to four dollar eighty . butch reach in he pocket and extract the wad steal from the convenience store . the Old man take note . butch select a five and place it on the counter . old man land 's sake . what line of work you in ? the Old man bag the goods , but butch take the shell and put they in he coat pocket . butch use car . buy them , fix them up . sold a cadillac down in madisonville this mornin ' . old man do not say . 52 int . impala - day 52 Jerry put he gun hand around Phillip 's neck and pull the sobbing boy closer . Jerry rest he face on Phillip 's neck . jerry come over a little closer . as Jerry groan , Phillip seize the moment and bite Jerry hard on the ear . Jerry scream and drop the gun , which Phillip pick up and carry with he as he scurries out of the car and into the hay field . Jerry , in pain , now with both ear bleed , crawl out of the back seat and give chase . 53 ext . field - day 53 Phillip , still sobbing , run for he life in the hay , which be a full foot taller than he . jerry no longer stumbling , now grin maniacally , give chase , whistling as if call for a lose puppy . jerry I be gonna ' find you boy . you best come here . phillip gun in hand , stumble , fall , get up , keep run . he fall again and crawl to a stop . he wipe he tear and ball up on the ground try to make himself invisible . 35 . 54 ext . store - day 54 butch exit with a grocery sack . when he see the car door open he dump the grocery in the front seat and look to the field . he Pov the hay rustle as Jerry move through the field . 55 ext . field - day 55 Jerry , crouching , move through the field -- eye peel for any sign of Phillip . Phillip lie still . he hear the hay rustling near he and he look up , square he body and point the revolver at ... butch , who spot he , motion for he to stay put and hold out he hand for the gun . Phillip hand it over and watch while butch reach into the plaid jacket pocket , extract a few shell and load the .38 . jerry a little frustrated now , but still move forward . jerry ( a whisper ) hey boy . hey boy . you better hope I do not find ya ' . he spot something -- a dash of color -- and begin to crawl faster . he part a thick batch of hay and look up into the gun barrel and eye of ... butch squatted down , who level the revolver and close one eye . Jerry laugh . jerry whatcha ' gonna ' do ? hit I with it ? butch reach into the coat pocket with he free hand and show a shell or two . Jerry 's grin drop . jerry ( plead ) I and you be friend !!!! butch thick as theive . phillip hear a gunshot and run for he life back toward the store . 36 . 56 ext . parked impala - day 56 Phillip run to the car and hide behind the tire opposite the store and field . in the b.g. we see butch emerge from the field and walk toward the car . the Old man , who also hear the shot , emerge from the store with a baseball bat . butch arrive at the car , spot the Old man and level the revolver at he . Phillip be relieved when he hear butch 's voice instead of Jerry 's . butch ( to Old man ) you get a phone ? old man naw . butch then go inside and lie down till ' we be go . the Old man meekly do so . butch go to the car door , open it and motion to a freeze stiff Phillip . butch well ... get in . 57 ext . highway - day 57 the truck and airstream barrel down the highway . 58 int . airstream - day 58 the place be a function mobile headquarters now . adler on the short wave and tack up a map , Bobby Lee still in he corner , Red and Sally sit across from one another at the " kitchen table " . in the rear section of the airstream Red 's chair and a mini office for the Chief have be put together . adler get a spot on them . a store right outside of benhur . about 20 mile from here . adler set down the mike , stick a tack on the map and stand back . red all right . push the roadblock on 288 north by 50 mile . kaiser call in the instruction . ( note : kaiser 's radio transmission be not script but go on a lot of the time we be in the airstream . in addition , he and adler 's direc - tion and missive to Bradley in the truck be not all script . ) ( continued ) 37 . 58 continued : 58 adler ya ' figger ' they be that far along ? red Hell , I dunno 'and neither do they . they be jus ' happy to be out . it 's a high speed Sunday drive to they . adler Sunday drive . I like that . never hear you use that one before , Red . Sally be watch Red and listen to all of this with a troubled look on she face . Red notice ... red somethin ' eatin ' at you ? sally it 's ... perhaps premature , but do you have a auxiliary roadblock plan for when they split up ? everyone stare . no one ever question red. adler what make you so sure they will not stay together ? Sally hesitates . Red notice ... red you get something ' to say , spit it out . sally they situation be one of accommodation . they will not be together long . silence . Sally continue . sally haynes and pugh be opposite . haynes be a criminal 's criminal -- armed robbery , mano y mano confrontation . pugh , on the other hand , have a rap sheet litter with molestation and petty crime . they will split sheet soon . adler ( still on attack ) what about the hostage ? they gonna ' flip a coin to see who get to keep who ? Red rise and walk to the sink . he rinse a spoon . ( continued ) 38 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 sally it 's happen before . either way it 's a dilemma they will address soon . ( beat ) that 's why we should address it now . she look to Red . he refuse to return she gaze . red we do not have a dilemma . and neither do they . they will keep one hostage ... and get rid of one , if they have not already . sally okay ... which one ? red if there 's a snafu , who 's John q. Public more likely to give a rat 's ass about -- a innocent boy or a goddam bureaucrat . Red wipe the water off the spoon on he shirt and walk to he office in the back . adler , Bobby Lee and kaiser chuckle lightly at they boss 's snubbing of the female upstart in they midst . Sally 's face glow a bright red . 59 int . motor home - back office 59 Red sit in he office chair , pull out the spoon and pour geritol from a bottle into he coffee . he do not even look up when Sally enter , a stern look on she face . sally we need to talk , Chief garnett . red call I red. sally red. ( beat ) why be you so hell - bent on embarass I ? red I be hell - bent on one thing . you hang around long enough you will find that out . til ' then a tough backside and a sense of humor will get you through a lot . sally I have a fine sense of humor , but the one thing I will not do be be you straight man so you can play hero to a bunch of moron who think you be some kind of hillbilly sherlock holme . ( continued ) 39 . 59 continued : 59 Red sip from the mug calmly then groan , he face contort . red awful . Arthur godfrey say it keep ya ' young , but I be not sure it 's worth it . sally I would like a answer . red this yer ' first time out of a office ? she refuse to answer . red think so . what would ya ' expect ya ' sign on for ? adler , Bobby Lee and kaiser all watch the discussion , smile on they face . Sally abruptly close the door . sally you think I be what ? some dumb schoolgirl who wander into the boy 's locker room ? well you be wrong . I do not mean to boast , but I happen to be one of the two most intelligent people involved in this fiasco . red do not ask that . ask what you expect . sally I expect to be allow to do the job assign to I by the Governor . red I happen to like the Governor , hunt quail together every year . but deep down he and I know that win , lose or draw this be my ship , not he . sally the Governor as chief executive officer of this state bear ultimate responsibility for ... red ... bullshit . responsibility lie with the one that lose sleep ; the one with the most ulcer . this mess turn bloody -- and it might -- all it 's gonna cost the Governor be a few vote ! I , I be the one that 's ... ( continued ) 40 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 Red catch himself about to get too personal . he take another swig of he coffee / geritol . Sally soften she stance . sally you be the one that what ? but Red side -step . red tell ya ' what . you think I be makin ' a wrong turn you speak up . might not agree , but I will listen . as far as step on toe and wounded pride , I will buy everyone a drink when we head for home . not until . I get more to worry about . ( beat ) that sound fair to you ? sally yes. red well okay then . Sally turn , about to leave . red so who 's the other one ? sally other one ? red if yer ' one brain , who 's the other ? sally haynes . he be test in prison . 60 int . impala - day 60 butch drive and catch a occasional glance at Phillip who sit quietly , but who , too , steal look at he captor between swig of rc cola . he finish off the bottle . butch reach in the sack for another , pop the top on the dashboard and hand it to Phillip . phillip thankyew . ( beat ) be you gonna ' shoot I ? butch no . I and you be friend . ( continued ) 41 . 60 continued : 60 butch realize that in Phillip 's eye he and Jerry be probably friend . butch if I be choosin ' a runnin ' buddy , I would take you over he any day of the week . 61 ext . rural store - day 61 the rv slide to a stop in the gravel parking lot which be full of state and local police . Red exit first , follow by the other . a local sheriff walk up to greet . red we get a positive i.d .? local sheriff yessir , with only the boy as hostage . but not five minute ago we find something else . 62 ext . hay field - day 62 pan from a fingertip up a arm and to the face of Jerry pugh . a clean bullethole have leave he with a third eye , a bloody back and a entourage of late summer fly . we hear the click of a photographer 's camera . boom up to Red , local sheriff and other bystander . red least now we know who 's in charge . 63 int . impala - day 63 butch notice that Phillip be pretty somber as he tug on another rc . butch whattaya ' thinkin ' about ? phillip nuthin ' . butch if I guess you tell I ? Phillip nod . butch you thinkin ' about yer mama ? Phillip sit still . that be it . butch bring the car to a stop . he point to the horizon . desolate . ( continued ) 42 . 63 continued : 63 butch I hear ya ' , Phillip , but look around . I can not very well leave you here , can I ? 64 ext . rural road - day 64 the impala rest in the fork of a dirt road . 65 int . impala - day 65 butch lemme ' ask you somethin' . you right or leave hand ? Phillip meekly hold up he right hand . the car race forward . butch then that 's the way we will go . you ever ride in a time machine before ? Phillip shake he head . butch sure you have . whattaya ' think this be ? phillip a car . butch yer ' lookin ' at this thing bassackward . this be a 20th century time machine . I be the captain and you be the navigator . butch point forward through the dash . butch out there ... that 's the future . butch tap on the rearview mirror . butch back there ... that 's the past . if life 's move too slow and you wanna ' project yerself into the future you step here on the gas . see ? he do so and the impala surge forward . butch and if yer ' enjoyin ' the moment yer ' in , well hell , just step on the brake here and you can slow it down . ( continued ) 43 . 65 continued : 65 butch bring the car to a complete and dusty stop . butch this be the present , Phillip . enjoy it while it last . then he laugh uproariously and step on the gas . 66 ext . road - day 66 the impala spin out , kick dirt in all direction . butch ( v.o. ) yessir . time travelin ' through Texas ! we get to find we a Ford . my daddy always drive ford , you know that ? 67 int . airstream - day 67 the airstream sit in the parking lot of the store . Bradley and Suttle sit up front in the truck . int . truck - day Bradley turn the knob on a intercom speaker system next to the radio . suttle it 's a intercom speaker system . you can get and give instruction to and from the rear of the vehicle . BRADLEY how 's it work ? suttle you push the power button but if you have get the volume turn up ... Bradley push the power button . the system squawks loudly and then creak tinnily . speaker blow . suttle ... you will blow the speaker . sheeeit ... int . airstream - day Red cringe , he ear still ringing from the squawk , and turn to stare at the front of the rv . ( continued ) 44 . 67 continued : 67 int . truck - day BRADLEY ( quiet ; to Suttle ) this thing 's probably ' get a warranty . you oughta ' make a list of all the thing that be wrong . int . airstream - day Red shake he head and stand in front of the map , place thumbtack at crossroad indicate by the circle mark . adler that oughta ' put he pecker in a sling , huh , Red ? ( remember Sally ) sorry , mar 'am . sally ( ignore adler ) should not this be roadblocked as well ? she point to several other unmark road . red sooner or later he will get on a main road . we do not get the manpower to roadblock every farm to market . adler in a perfect world , miss gerber , we would lock arm and thrash the bush till ' he turn up ... sally in a perfect world thing like this would not happen in the first place . adler hear something on he headset , turn to Red . adler local be head out . wanna ' follow ? red let 's sit tight . he will turn up . 68 ext . rural road - day 68 the impala travel slowly along the road until it edge to a stop by the entrance to a small farmhouse with a truck and car park in a long dirt driveway . a farmer on a combine work a small field . 45 . 69 int . plymouth - day 69 butch ok , Phillip , we be gonna do some car shoppin' . you ever play cowboy and injun ? see that Ford sedan ? now I want you to sneak on over there like a injun and take a peek and see if the key be in it . Phillip hesitates . butch do not have to if you do not wanna ... but I would appreciate it ... you bein ' the new navigator and all . Phillip think it over then open the door and slip out . butch hey , Phillip , check for a radio , too . 70 ext . farmhouse - day 70 Phillip , still in he skivvy , leg cut up and muddy from he escape from Jerry , sneak up to the car and quietly peer into the open window . the key dangle when he small hand touch they . Phillip close the door , look around and then run pell - mell to the passenger window of the impala . phillip it 's get key and a radio . I check . butch good man . Phillip hold he crotch and stamp he foot . phillip can we stop at a fillin ' station . butch what for ? phillip number one . butch this here 's nature , Phillip . pee in the ditch . Phillip scramble to the ditch to relieve himself while butch step out of the impala , toss the key into the field and walk toward the Ford . ( continued ) 46 . 70 continued : 70 the farmer stop he tractor and notice butch and Phillip . Phillip , despite he prior urgency , be have trouble coax relief . butch slide into the Ford , pump the gas pedal and turn the key . the engine grumble and die . the Farmer be walk now , slowly and then at a trot as he realize what 's happen . Phillip finally start to pee . butch crank again and again but the Ford be flood . butch start , you sonofabitch ! the Farmer run faster , come closer ... farmer hey , that 's my car ! hey !!! butch floor the gas to clear the flood and the engine finally start . he throw it into reverse and peel out backwards into the road beside the ditch where Phillip continue to relieve himself . butch get in the car , Phillip ! the Farmer , only 30 yard or so away , be racing toward they madder than a wet hen . Phillip try to hurry but the rc continue to run through he . butch Phillip ! get in the car ! Phillip pull he underwear up and race to the car . he leap into the open passenger door at the same moment butch step on the gas and the Farmer arrive and grab onto the door as it close . 71 int . ford - day 71 the car be screeching down the road but the Farmer hold on for dear life and auto . he claw at Phillip , who do he best to fend off flail hand and finger . butch reach under the seat for and grasp the pistol . Phillip see what 's about to happen and bite the Farmer 's hand as hard as he can . ( continued ) 47 . 71 continued : 71 farmer aaaaaayyyyyy !!!! the Farmer release he grip on the door and fall backward , summersaulting into the adjacent ditch . butch place the gun back under the seat . butch goddam , boy , how many rc 's do you drink anyway ? phillip four . butch shake he head and laugh . butch one thing 's for sure . you get one helluva set of chomper . 72 int . truck - day 72 sitting still . Bradley try to light a cigarette with the lighter but get no heat . BRADLEY ( to Suttle ) lighter do not work . put that on the list . int . airstream - day Bobby Lee sit alone in the back corner of the main room of the rv . he just sit and stare , occasionally smile cynically at Sally . adler take the latest info off the radio while the other listen in . adler ( into radio ) highway 16 north . four mile south of desdemona . get it . ( to Red ) stole a vehicle . kaiser radio up front , the engine start and the airstream move . red ( to adler ) what kinda ' shape 's it in ? ( continued ) 48 . 72 continued : 72 adler what 's that ? sally the Ford he steal . adler owner tell the local they only drive it to church , but it do have a bad emergency brake . ( to Sally ) how would ya ' know it be a Ford ? sally he like ford . adler look at the map . adler look like you be right , Red . he 's off the farm to market and onto a spur . whattaya ' wanna ' do ? red beef up the I - 20 roadblock . adler get more news through the headsets . adler what 's that ? ( beat ) Red , the local wanna ' know if they be to take a clean shot if they get one ? Red stare out the window for what seem like a eternity ... red no. adler look quizzically at Red and pull off the headphone ... radio voice ( v.o. ) come back ...? come back mobile one . adler , be you there ...? red tell them what I say . adler ( into mike ) uh ... no. radio voice ( v.o. ) be that a negative ? ( continued ) 49 . 72 continued : ( 2 ) 72 adler no , er , yes . no mean negative . same thing . over . Red see Sally peer at he over the top of she file . he glance around at the other set of eye . red I do not want some half - ass sergeant York take pot shot with a deer rifle . adler put the headphone back on . Bobby Lee smirk a bit . sally it 's the only thing to do . he 's get the child with he . Red give she a look that say , " do not defend I " . bobby lee ( to Sally ) I suppose you figger ' he will jus ' give up . sally maybe , maybe not . bobby lee well now there 's a safe bet . sally I will give you a safe bet . the boy 's in better hand now than he be . red the third eye pugh 's sportin ' on the way to the morgue shout otherwise . Sally flash Red a look back . Bobby Lee rise and move past Red on he way to the toilet . bobby lee ( casually ) then why not shoot to kill . Red just stare at Bobby Lee as the young man move slowly past he to the toilet . adler on the radio ... ( continued ) 50 . 72 continued : ( 3 ) 72 adler ( to Red ) they have forward the steal vehicle license to the roadblock . you still wanna ' go to the farm ? Red pull out a package of Red man chew tobacco and mull over the question while he slap a wad into he cheek . red yeah . I gotta ' hunch . 73 int . ford - day 73 butch you get blue eye do n'tcha ' , Phillip ? never meet a blue -ey Phillip before . who you name after ? phillip my daddy . butch you and you old man get along all right ? phillip yeahsir . butch toss the ball around , play grab -ass in the yard , that sorta ' thing ? phillip nawsir . butch why the hell not ? phillip he be not around , really . butch well he be or he be not . when 's the last time you see he ? Phillip shrug . butch I and you get a lot in common , Phillip . the both of we get blue eye , we both like rc cola and neither one of we have a old man worth a damn . ( continued ) 51 . 73 continued : 73 phillip ( a bit defensive ) my mama say he will probably ' come back . prolly ' when I be ten or so . butch well ... she 's lyin ' to ya ' pure and simple . he be not never comin ' back . disappointment register on the boy 's face . butch guy like we , Phillip , we gotta ' be on we own . seek foolish destiny , that sorta ' thing . 74 ext . gas station - day 74 the Ford pull off the dusty road and into the lone pump in this dilapidate petrol mirage . a buck tooth boy , 15 , in overall step to the window . boy what can I do ya ' for ? butch ( to Phillip ) tell he you name . phillip Phillip . boy fill - er - up it be . the attendant start to pump the gas . butch see there ! all you gotta ' do be say you name and people be wait on you hand and foot . like a goddam king or somethin' . Phillip can not help but smile at the notion . 75 ext . farmhouse - day 75 Bradley and Suttle lean against the park rv , chat . BRADLEY you responsible for engine maintenance on this thing ? suttle uh , yeah . I be the full time driver . ( continued ) 52 . 75 continued : 75 Bradley shake he head . " too bad " . suttle what ? why ? BRADLEY you notice how it keep want to slip a bit goin ' into second . feel to I like somebody 's be a little heavy - foote with the clutch . ( beat ) I would take care of that if I be you . pan to : a ambulance door open and the Farmer , strapped in , be roll toward it as he wife , sobbing , attend to he . several local police scour the surround field , walk four foot apart , look for what they hope they will not find . Red lean on the trunk of the impala , chew and spit on the ground . he sniff the air . unsavory . adler stride up from the field . adler no body this time , thank gawd . red you get the key to this thing ? adler uh ... naw ... red get I a crowbar . ( to Sally ) you might wanna ' wait in the boat . sally no thank you . 76a int . trunk - day 76a but it 's black as night . a crowbar crank at the lock until the trunk blast open like a bottletop . a blast of light give way to the silhouett face of Red , adler and Sally , who turn and walk away in nauseous disgust . red well .... there Pov - OPEN trunk in it lie the crumpled , bent , bloody remain of Larry , the prison employee , the original hostage . red ... there 's we bureaucrat . 53 . 76b red 76b spit a chaw , turn and walk to the rv . near the entrance Sally be heaving . red ( to no one in particular ) it 's sure nice to know the boy 's in good hand . Sally straighten herself , ready to bite back , but Red 's face be soft . he offer a handkerchief . she take it . red Gallows humor , Sally . without it we would all be heavin ' . 77 ext . SMALL town ( noodle , TEXAS ) - day 77 the Ford slide down the Main Street and into a side alley next to a Department store . 78 int . ford - day 78 butch you ready to get out of that skivvy and into some britches ? Phillip nod . butch well all right then . but first we gotta ' come up with some a.k.a. 's , fake identity , ya ' know . name to call each other when we be around other folk . ( beat ) go ahead and think one up . whatever name you want . Phillip be amused by the sport of it all . phillip any name I want ? 79 ext . store front - establishing - day 79 a small time dry goods store with a sign over the entrance proclaim : " friendly be - the friendliest store in Texas ! " 80 int . friendly's - day 80 a small , well - organize country dry goods store with a dozen or so aisle carry everything from ddt to use boot . ( continued ) 54 . 80 continued : 80 a long counter at the front of the store be back by a small office with a large glass window that give the manager , mr . willit , 45 , bespectacle , anal - retentive , a clear view of the store . a nuclear family with two kid exit the store just as butch and Phillip enter . butch hold the door open and smile at they . they say " thanks " but can not help but notice Phillip , cower behind butch , still clad in he underwear . he hide behind a nearby display which read : cast you vote for friendly 's friendliest clerk ! a clerk , lucy , 30 , hold a handful of shoebox notice they entrance . she 's schoolmarmish with a smile that look like it 's paint on . lucy well , hello there and welcome to friendly 's . look like the little fella ' need some pants . butch as a matter of fact . shoe and new skivvy , too . he will tell you he size . go with the lady , buzz . Phillip , still in somewhat of a daze , do not recognize he own " name " . butch buzz ! Phillip snap to , crack a smile at butch and follow the lady to the child 's section of the store . lucy buzz , what a cute name . like a bee . butch walk past the cash register , give the clerk behind the desk a wink and proceed to a aisle which feature hardware , rope , tape , nail , etc . he stoops and grab a shank ... ... with he hand he grip the rope tight and jerk it taut . children' aisle Lucy be hold jeans up to Phillip 's waist . lucy it would be easier if I know you size , but we will get it right . Phillip 's eye catch something ... ( continued ) 55 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 halloween costume display on a circular rack with shelf . hanging prominantly be a casper the friendly ghost costume . above it a sign read : " marked down - get the jump on next Year ! " closeup - phillip mesmerize by the display . butch take a roll of electrician 's tape . he tear off a strip , attaches it to the back or he hand and tug . it hold tight . lucy kneel , look for size , select a pair and turn to find Phillip go . she spin around and smile when she see ... phillip wear the casper mask . lucy why look . it 's a friendly ghost . say ' boo. ' phillip ( unconvincingly ) boo. lucy not very scary but you will have a whole year to work on it if you daddy let you have it . good price , too . what would you go as this year ? phillip a bandit . 81 ext . MAIN STREET - day 81 a local police car cruise slowly , spot the Ford park in the alley and come to a halt . 82 int . police car - day 82 the cop , terrance , 25 , who only start last month after he flunk out of Texas a&amp ; m , check the plate against a notepad on he dash . terrance ( realize he find ) aw ... shit ... 83 int . friendly be - day 83 butch , with a handful of supplies , include the rope and tape , make he way to the register . ( continued ) 56 . 83 continued : 83 he 's greet there by paula , to whom he earlier wink . she 's 25 , country cute , and wear a fake smile that rival Lucy 's . butch reach for and try on a pair of sunglass . butch whattaya ' think ? paula look good . he add they to the pile of stuff . paula will that be all for you today ? butch nod and hand over the goods . butch you folk be about the grinninest bunch I ever see . Paula laugh , then drop she grin , look behind she to see Mr. willit be watch , and whisper ... paula Old man willit hold a contest ever ' month . the friendliest clerk get a $ 20 bonus . ( beat ) there 's a ballot box at the front . behind glass Mr. willit adjust he black and white tv and settles on a local news broadcast . newscaster ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) ... the hunt continue for butch haynes , who escape last night from the maximum security unit over in huntsville . haynes , six - one , 185 pound , with brown hair be consider armed and dangerous . he be last see ... checkout counter Paula check butch 's item as Lucy and Phillip emerge from a aisle and drop a pair of jeans and sneaker onto the counter . lucy here 's the clothes , but buzz have he heart set on a Halloween costume for next year . it be half off . ( continued ) 57 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 mr. willit pay more attention to butch as the newscast continue . newscaster ( v.o. ) ... haynes be believe to have a 8 - year - old boy with he as hostage . closeup - butch and willit each check out the other . butch ( to Phillip ) we will get it next time . go get in the car , son . 84 ext . MAIN STREET - day 84 terrance pull he black and white to one end of Main Street and park it across the street , block it . terrance ( into radio ) okay , Pete , I be all set down here . you ? another cop pete , 40 , probably terrance 's uncle , slide he black and white to the opposite end of the street and put it in park . pete ( into radio ) copasetic . let 's just keep he tie up till ' the state boy get here . 85 int . rv - day 85 adler take the urgent message off the radio and turn to the group ... adler they have get he pen down in noodle , north of abilene . 86 int . friendly be - at counter - day 86 Paula bag the item , include the jeans . closeup - willit stare straight at butch . closeup - butch shake he head at willit -- " do not even think about it " . ( continued ) 58 . 86 continued : 86 phillip walk toward the front door but stop short when he see , once again , the Halloween display . butch pay Paula , then stuff a $ 20 in she blouse . butch you be truly the friendliest clerk I ever meet . she blushes a " thank you " as butch make a hasty retreat to the door . paula ( a afterthought ) thank you for shopping friendly 's ! 87 ext . MAIN STREET - day 87 butch exit the store , spot the blackandwhite , and slide into the middle of a group of old - timer move down the sidewalk at a leisurely pace . 88 int . friendly be - day 88 Phillip stand at the costume display , look around , then grab a casper costume carton , stuff it under he T-shirt and walk quickly to the door . 89 ext . side alley - day 89 butch slide away from the Old timer and into the ford. 90a int . ford - day 90a butch check the back seat . no Phillip , no buzz . he check the rear view mirror and see ... 90b in rear - view mirror 90b Pete , he cherry top spin , pull in behind butch , block he entrance to the main street . 91 ext . side alley - day 91 butch throw the Ford into reverse and step on the gas . Pete not expecxt this kind of pace , at least not from the get - go , leap into he back seat . the Ford ram into the black and white push it backward into a lightpole and a truck . the truck's owner , carry mulch from the feed store , watch as he truck slide toward he . ( continued ) 59 . 91 continued : 91 truck owner dammit , Pete !!! 92 ext . friendly's - day 92 Phillip step out the door . he spot the crash and watch as ... the Ford blast back into the alley in a hail of dust . 93 int . ford - day 93 butch , drive like a maniac , turn into the back alley and step on it . all at once he mash on the brake and come to a squealing stop . he Pov the alley be a dead end . back to scene butch rip the car into reverse and squeal all the way back to the original side alley . 94 ext . friendly be - day 94 Phillip stand freeze , scared , not know what to do but keep a look out on the street for the ford. 95 int . friendly be - day 95 Lucy and Paula peer from behind the counter at Phillip and the fraca take place in the street . lucy I know something be wrong from the get-go . they spot Phillip stand a few foot in front of the door . paula look , he leave he little boy . lucy and look , the little rascal have ... he 's no better than ... paula what ?!... lucy he 's get that casper costume . he steal it ! 96 ext . MAIN STREET - day 96 the ford emerge from the side alley once more and squeal onto Main Street . ( continued ) 60 . 96 continued : 96 terrance can not believe he eye ... he Pov - ford be coming straight for he , hell bent on destruction and pick up speed . back to scene terrance stick he black and white in rapid reverse and back down the street at 40 mph . pete ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) get the hell outta ' there . we can not lose both vehicle ! terrance's Pov - ford be gaining on he -- he can actually see butch 's grimace face -- when suddenly it go into a dusty fishtail , do a 180 , and barrel in the opposite direction . phillip antsy as hell , stick , wonder how this whole thing be go to play out . he 's suddenly aware of the peer eye behind he . Lucy bang on the glass . lucy ( yell ) buzz ! you little shit . shoplift be a crime ! butch check he mirror , look ahead , spot Phillip and blast straight for the front door of the store . he skid to a halt and stare right at Phillip . butch up to you , buzz ... phillip he 's freeze for a second , he knee knock , tooth chatter , the work . Lucy appear behind he and the glass door ... lucy ( to Phillip ) you will never get away with this , little mister ! Phillip dash to the Ford and make a swimmer 's start dive into the open passenger window . ( continued ) 61 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 butch pull he gun and fire once into the glass door above the clerk 's head . 97 int . friendly's - day 97 the glass door and surround window shatter into a million piece , send Lucy , Paula , makeup , pantyhose , grin and all into a heap on the floor . 98 ext . STREET - day 98 the ford squeal out down the street . Pete crawl out from behind the seat and duck again just as ... ... the Ford sideswipe the black and white for good measure and fishtail out of town . Pete crawl over the back seat again as he radio squawks ... terrance ( v.o. ) Pete ?... Pete ? you okay ?... 99 int . friendly be - day 99 Paula emerge from behind the counter and stare at Lucy , on the ground amidst glass and mayhem . paula say what you want . I be keepin' the twenty . 100 ext . rural road - day 100 two young , country boy stand by the side of the road . one , frank , toss a egg from hand to hand while he watch the horizon . the other , billy , approach , crawl through a barb wire fence drag something behind he . frank hurry up . someone 's comin ' . on horizon sure enough , a hail of dust signal the approach of a vehicle a mile or so away . billy crawl into the ditch next to Frank . we see what he 's drag from the field -- a scarecrow with a floppy hat and red bandana . frank stick it in the road . hurry up . billy do so , prop the scarecrow into a sit position with a fork stick . then he race back to the ditch and slide in next to Frank to divide the egg . ( continued ) 62 . 100 continued : 100 frank we get seven egg . I get four to throw and you get three ... since it be my idea . billy nod . frank here they come . aim for window and get ready to run . the car crest the hill , follow by another , and another and a final one , all highway patrol , all with they light on and siren wailing . frank oh shit ! the car do not even slow at the sight of the scarecrow , blast - ing right through it , send hay , hat , limb and all , fly . the scarecrow , or what 's leave of it , land in a ditch next to the boy . in unison they breathe a sigh of relief , look at each other , drop the egg and hightail it for home . 101 int . ford - day 101 the car be park in a field of some sort . butch reach in the back seat for the bag of clothing . butch here , take they nasty skivvy off and put on yer ' jeans . he spot Phillip 's not so successful effort to hide the costume box . butch whatya ' get there ? phillip a ghost suit . butch from the store ? you kype it ? Phillip nod , expect the worst . butch well , hell , Phillip , put it on . phillip you be not mad ? butch let 's unnerstan ' each other here . ( more ) ( continued ) 63 . 101 continued : 101 butch ( cont 'd ) stealin 's wrong , ok ? but if there 's something ' you need bad and you be not get the money , then it 's okay to take a loaner on the item . it 's what ya ' call a exception to the rule . Phillip tear into the box , rip out the costume , look at it , start to take off he underwear then balk . butch notice . butch what 's wrong ? phillip nuthin ' . butch notice Phillip 's hand cover he crotch . butch what ? you do not wanna ' get undress , be that it ? Phillip shrug . butch you embarrassed caus ' I might see yer ' pecker ? phillip it 's ... puny . butch what ? phillip it 's puny . butch well hell , lemme ' see . Phillip still hesitates . butch go on . I will shoot ya ' straight . Phillip gingerly pull off he underwear . butch smile a broad grin . butch Hell no , Phillip , it 's good size for a boy yer ' age ! Phillip , remasculate , smile and start to put on the costume . butch here they come . 64 . 102 ext . rural road - day 102 the four highway patrol vehicle from before blast past at 90 + , send stray dog and roadrunner scurrying for cover . crane down to reveal the Ford off the same roadside , but behind a burm in a field . as soon as the patrol car pass , butch start up the engine and hump it to the road and off in the opposite direction . 103 int . airstream - day 103 Sally , deep in she file . she look up from the file to ... another angle Bobby Lee who sit by himself , whittling away at a stick and leer at she . adler be at the map , hold the shortwave mike and wear the earphone . behind he , Red stare out the window . adler haynes buy tape , rope , and some clothes for the boy . Red come to and turn to adler . Sally smile almost to she - self . she be right -- haynes be look after the boy . everyone know it , but no one say anything . adler one puzzler though . they say the boy could have get away but do not . sally probably scared to death . adler that 's not all . the kid steal a Halloween outfit . red Holy jeezus , they be a team . adler with the pit stop in noodle look like he 's head for the panhandle . Red sigh and groan . unpleasant news but somehow he know it . he move to the back room for another shot of geritol . sally ( to Red ) what ? adler there 's more road than people in the panhandle . ( continued ) 65 . 103 continued : 103 sally how 's that happen ? kaiser ( over he shoulder ) poor county . they tend to half finish road then start on another one . adler but if anybody know they backroad it 's Red . Sally lift she head , watch Red reenter the room , then stare out the window . sally okay , so ... I be Robert haynes . call butch by everyone . I be bear in amarillo , but grow up in the french Quarter of New Orleans . adler ( sotto voce ) what 's she doin ' , Red ? sally I kill a man when I be eight . silence . nobody seem willing to play along . Red turn from the window to Sally . red how would ya ' kill he ? sally shot he with a pistol . there be always one around the dance hall . that 's what they call it but it be a whorehouse . we live there . Red move away from the discussion and stand at the front of the airstream , stare out the front window . adler what would the authority do ? sally the victim be want by the local so the whole thing get shove under the carpet cajun-style . adler they do not even stick he in juvy ? ( continued ) 66 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 sally put I in school . Three year behind but I catch up . kaiser sound like thing be goin ' okay ' now ? sally they be . for awhile . when I be twelve mom die . adler what happen ? sally delilah Jane haynes hang herself in the bathroom of the brothel . could have save herself the trouble . Post -mortem check uncover last stage syphilis . kaiser where 's yer ' father ? Red 's face tell we he 's listen . sally nobody know where he be now . ditched when I be six . he be a small - time felon . popped up again after Mom die -- he would just be parole . move we back to amarillo . a year later I be in trouble again . adler yeah ? kill somebody else ? sally take a joyride in a Ford coupe that I just could not resist . kaiser Hell , that 's no big deal . sally judge give I four year in gatesville , toughest juvy farm in Texas . adler that 's where the son-of - a- bitch learn to be a criminal . see that before , be not we , Red ? Red do not answer . he seem in a faraway place . ( continued ) 67 . 103 continued : ( 3 ) 103 bobby lee ( smart ass ) so , butch , why do not you tell we where yer ' goin ' , save we the trouble o' huntin ' you down ? sally where I be go be not as important as ' why be I go there ? ' bobby lee ( tired of the game ) shit. ' caus ' I be runnin ' and they be chasin ' and I would jus ' as soon go north as south as east as west . it 's a fun lil ' parlor game , lady , but right now butch haynes do not have the slight idea where he 's head ! 104a int . ford - day 104a Phillip , now fully - attire in he casper outfit and mask , be look at a fold map while butch drive . butch a inch be 24 mile . hold yer ' pointin ' finger along the line of the road . you get three line on you finger , do n'tcha ' ? each one 's a inch . so how many inch to childress ? Phillip hold one finger to the map , then another . phillip one , two ... six . butch yer ' a helluva ' navigator , Phillip . a lot smarter than Jerry . but I guess that 's not sayin ' a lot . something catch Phillip 's eye . phillip lookie there ! 104b he Pov - truck and airstream 104b come toward they on the highway . 105 int . airstream - day 105 Bradley , drive , tinker with a break windowshade . Suttle yawn , come to , notice the break windowshade and give Bradley a look . Bradley , catch , just smile . 68 . 106 int . ford - day 106 butch ( excited , too ) see one of they in a magazine . it 's call a motor home . they be new . kinda ' like a house on wheel . butch honk the horn twice and wait for a retort . 107 int . truck - day 107 Bradley smile , look to Suttle , who nod a " okay . " Johnson sit on the horn for two solid blast . 108 int . ford - day 108 Phillip laugh and wave . 109 int . truck - day 109 Bradley and Suttle wave back . sally stare out the window . she look at the pass Ford . her Pov butch be hard to make out , but there 's no mistake the casper outfit Phillip wear with pride . back to scene sally you say the boy steal a Halloween costume ... what character ? adler I believe it be casper ... casper the friendly ghost . sally that be they . they just pass we . red turn this thing around ! adler jump on the radio to the truck . adler ( into mike ) turn it around ! that be they ! 110 ext . road - same time 110 the airstream slow to a grind , pull off the narrow shoulder and begin to make a wide u-turn . ( continued ) 69 . 110 continued : 110 suttle ( v.o. ) we will never make it . stop ! it 's a close fit but the airstream just survive a brush with a burm . the truck peel away with airstream in tow . 111 omitted 111 111a int . ford - day 111a butch check he rear-view mirror and get a puzzle look on he face . in rear - view mirror the airstream barrel fast behind -- catch up . 111b int . truck - day 111b Bradley press the pedal to the floor . the engine strain . Suttle nervously sneak a peek at the speedometer . suttle it 's ... it 's not safe to go over 65 with this much load ! the speedometer reach 80 . the engine scream . 111c int . airstream - day 111c the whole thing be shaking , twist , bump . all aboard try and keep they balance . bobby lee ( to adler ) tell he to pull up next to them ! Bobby Lee open a window and lean out . 111d int . ford - rear - view mirror - day 111d as Bobby Lee lean out the window of the airstream some 50 yard back . new angle Phillip turn around backward in the seat to watch . phillip they be goin ' fast ! butch Phillip , you get in the back seat and lie down on the floor . ( continued ) 70 . 111d continued : 111d phillip why ? butch Hell , I do not know . ' caus ' I say so ! 111e int . truck - day 111e Suttle be scared to death while Bradley be loving every minute . the engine start to steam . suttle yer burnin ' up the engine ! but Bradley pay no heed . 111f int . airstream - day 111f Bobby Lee unholster he pistol and lean back out the window . Red spot he . red holster that firearm and get yer ass back inside ! Bobby Lee think it over , shake he head in disgust and holster he piece . 111g int . ford - day 111g butch spot a open and ... butch hold on , Phillip ! 111h ext . road - day 111h the Ford make a sharp veer off the road into a flat scrub brush field . the car spin out a bit when it hit the dirt send forth a dust devil , then it regains its traction and blast ahead through the dust . 111- I int . truck - day 111 - I Bradley spot the maneuver and start to follow . suttle do not !!! 111j ext . road - day 111j the truck , in a attempt to enter the field , miss the flat spot , hit a burm with its front right tire and fly into the air . ( continued ) 71 . 111j continued : 111j the trailer hitch snap as do the safety chain . the truck land hard and continue pell - mell through the field . the airstream , san truck , blast forward along the road at 50 + m.p.h. 111k int . airstream - day 111k bounce like hell . Sally hold on for dear life , then glance out the window and almost jump out of she seat when she see ... her Pov the truck , 100 or so yard away , blast through the field toward the horizon . sally shit !!!! new angle Red spot the same but before he can cuss ... 111l ext . road - day 111l the airstream veer off the road and into the rocky field . tree , scrub brush and boulder be no deterrent for the sleek silverfish which seem to be move even faster than before . 111m int . truck - day 111m steam , smoke pour from the engine . Suttle , cover he eye , sneak a peek behind and scream when he see no airstream behind they . suttle ahhhh !! they be go !!! Bradley look in the rear-view mirror , turn around and scream , too . without visual guidance ... 111n ext . field - day 111n the truck blast into a mesquite tree , run halfway up the tree , then die a horrible death . 111-o int . airstream - day 111-o it 's a anti-gravity room what with the file , coffee , map and body fly around . 72 . 111p ext . field - day 111p the airstream , now lose a bit of steam , hit a burm , almost topple and come to a precarious stop in a dry - up water hole . 111q int . airstream - day 111q adler , still wear the headphone , rise first and go to the radio to answer a income call . Red groan . Sally crawl to she foot and offer Red a help hand , which he accept . adler uh ... Red ? red what ? adler they wanna know if the boy look okay ? sally he be laugh and wave . red do not tell them that . 112 int . governor's office ( austin , TEXAS ) - day 112 a large group of very serious advisor sit and stand in a circle around the Governor 's desk . across from governor connally sit a nervous , near tear gladys perry . a aide on the telephone , turn to the Governor . aide they say the boy look a-okay . Governor connally nod , sigh , and reach hand across the desk and touch gladys 's shoulder . governor he will be fine , Mrs. perry . this whole nightmare will be over and do with very soon and you will be home with you boy . I promise . gladys , distraught , nod . Governor connally discreetly nod to a photographer in the group while keep he hand on gladys 's shoulder . a camera' flash cause everyone to blink in reaction . the Governor shake it off and continue ... ( continued ) 73 . 112 continued : 112 governor I want you to know that I personally okay the use of a brand - new high - tech mobile home from which to conduct the manhunt . it 's a amazingly futuristic piece of law enforcement equipment . another flash . 113 omitted 113 through through 115 115 115a ext . field - day 115a the airstream , the amazingly futuristic piece of law enforcement equipment sit beat to hell and lean to one side in the dry pond bed . all the tire be flat and dent and bruise abound . the door try to open but be stick . Red apply a boot to it and the whole thing come off its hinge and fly to the ground . Red exit . he groan and shake he head when he spot ... Bradley and Suttle limping toward he across the field . Red sigh and start slowly walk in the direction butch and Phillip head . 115b int . airstream - day 115b Sally , she hair a bird 's nest , do she best to collect she file before she sit down , take a deep breath and glance out the window at Red in the distance . 115c ext . field - closeup - red - day 115c stand in the middle of the field , stare at the horizon . he stick a chaw in he mouth without diverting or blink he eye . 116 ext . road - closeup - butch - day 116 stare at the horizon . another angle butch sit on the hood of the Ford , which be stop on a asphalt road which , a few foot farther , turn into dirt and a few foot farther a dirt clod field . ( continued ) 74 . 116 continued : 116 butch start this road 20 year ago and it still be not finish . ( beat ) appear to I we get a decision to make . Phillip , aka casper , exit the car and , imitate butch , lean against the car . butch it 's up to you , Phillip . we can backtrack to the highway or we can try it on foot . phillip where we goin ' ? butch reach in he back pocket and pull out a fold postcard . he hand it over to Phillip . insert - card it 's at least 20 year old , crumpled . it unfold to reveal a beautiful green valley with a snow cap mountain behind it . back to scene butch it 's Alaska , Phillip . last of the wild frontier . phillip it 's pretty . butch it 's beautiful ! phillip you be there ? butch naw . just get the one postcard . but anyhoo , back to we present dilemma . you feel like a hike ? phillip how far ? butch can not be more and , oh , say , fifteen hundred mile . Phillip seem a tad apprehensive about the prospect . ( continued ) 75 . 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 butch yer ' probably ' right . go give we supplies a check . Phillip return to the car and emerge with the paper bag once full of soda , candy and jerky . butch survey the countryside . he Pov - pan countryside typical midwest Texas ; flat , dusty , barren . a mile or so away sit a home -- a small ranchhouse . back to scene Phillip return with the bag and pore through it . butch how 's it look ? phillip a soda ... some gum ... half a Moon pie. butch ration for one at best . come on . butch stride straight into the rocky field . Phillip linger a moment , then stick the half eat moon pie in he mouth and follow , hurry to catch up . 117 omitted 117 through through 122 122 122a ext . field - airstream - day 122a Suttle limp around the break - down silver junker , he hand cover what he eye can not bear to see . BRADLEY now yer sure that gooseneck have a safety chain ? Suttle turn and glare . suttle yes !!! new angle Red walk slowly toward the slumping airstream . a phone ring from inside , then stop . adler stick he head out of the door and call to Red ... ( continued ) 76 . 122a continued : 122a adler Governor 's hot line , Red . Governor insist that he have the mobile home back for the parade tomorrow . Red just stare at adler , then sigh , remove he hat and scratch he head . red ( be not it obvious ? ) tell them to come and get it . 123 ext . dusty field - day 123 butch continue he hell - bent brisk pace in the field of dirt clod . it 's all Phillip can do to keep up . phillip where we goin ' ? butch we be goin ' trick r' treatin ' , Phillip . Phillip stop dead in he track . butch , sense that the boy be no longer follow , stop , spin and face Phillip . butch what ? phillip we be not allow to trick r' treat . butch huh ? phillip my mama do not allow it . butch trick r' treatin ' ? why not ? phillip against we religion . butch against yer ' religion . what kind of foolishness be that ? phillip jehovah Witness . butch pick up a dirt clod and hurl it as far as he can . he sigh and turn to Phillip . ( continued ) 77 . 123 continued : 123 butch now , I be askin ' you , Phillip . I be not askin ' yer ' mother and I be not askin' jehovah . do you wanna ' go trick r' treatin ' or not ? 124 ext . yard of farmhouse 124 butch and Phillip cross the dirt yard and make they way to the door . butch ok , Phillip , all ya ' gotta ' do be knock on the door and when they open it you say ' trick or treat . ' get it ? they arrive at the door . butch nod at Phillip who ring the buzzer . butch now wait till ' they come . a farm wife , 65 or so , like something from a grant Wood , only smile , open the door and look out on the pair through the screen door . butch ( whisper ) now , Phillip . phillip trick r' treat . woman ( farm wife ) well be not you the cutest lil ' ghost I ever do see . butch ( whisper ) say it again , Phillip . phillip trick r' treat , mar 'am . woman well , seein ' that Halloween be yesterday , I guess you will have to trick I . you miss the caramel popcorn ball I make up special . butch smile , pull up he shirt and expose the revolver stick in he pants . woman ( tune change ) wait right here . butch smile and pat Phillip on the shoulder . his eye be draw to ... ( continued ) 78 . 124 continued : 124 he Pov - telephone wire which enter the house near the door . we pan with the telephone line from the house to a nearby pole . back to scene the woman return with a armload of anything she could find in the kitchen . Phillip gratefully open he sack and watch as the woman drop in a loaf of bread , a jar of mustard , candy , jam , butter and anything else she could find . empty-hand she reach inside the door , open she purse and dump she money -- a couple of dollar and lot of change into the bag . Phillip smile . phillip thankyew . 125 ext . yard - day ( second later ) 125 Phillip , sack in hand , wave goodbye to the frighten old woman , who shut she door and lock it . butch and Phillip make they way back across the yard . butch never underestimate the kindness of the common man , Phillip . butch reach up and grab the phone line , yank it loose and toss it aside . 126 int . airstream - day 126 the airstream be fast become a pig sty . Coke bottle , coffee spill , overfull ashtray , etc. be everywhere . adler hold the mike and stare at the thumbtack map . adler ( into mike ) spur 208 northbound . and 83 at aspermont come and go . ( to Red ) that it ? red yeah . adler move to set down the mike and topple a cup of coffee . it spill on the floor . Suttle grab a towel to wipe it up but realize the futility of keep the airstream clean , he simply throw it aside . 79 . 127 int . ford - later - day 127 butch drive while Phillip dig through the sack and come up with a jar of mustard . butch you sure there 's no meat in there ? spam maybe , Vienna sausage , anything like that ? phillip nawsir . butch well , I bet you can make we some mustard sandwich , can not ya ' ? phillip yeahsir . butch well go to it . Phillip break out the loaf of bread and lay out four slice on the dashboard . phillip how many ? butch many as you want . Phillip lay out six more slice . the dashboard be now cover with bread . Phillip pull out the mustard but have no knife . butch pull out a stick of gum and hand it to Phillip to spread with . as they drive along they pass a large , happy family ( Mom , dad , girl 5 , boy 7 ) picnick in the dip of a long hill alongside the highway . from the look of they brand - new load down station wagon they be on vacation . closeup - phillip mesmerized by the family . closeup - butch ditto . he pull he eye back to the road , notice something . 128 ext . road - day 128 butch bring the car to a stop near the crest of the hill , set the emergency brake , grab the first complete mustard sandwich and get out , leave the impala run . ( continued ) 80 . 128 continued : 128 butch be right back . do not be stingy with that mustard now . Phillip nod and continue pile the yellow goop on each of the slice of bread . butch walk ahead to the crest of the hill , the tallest hill in the county . he take in the 360 degree view . his eye settle on ... line of car idling as they wait they turn to pass a roadblock at the bottom of the hill . phillip spread even more mustard . every so often he sneak a peek back at the picnice family . emergency brake slip a little , then give all at once . ford start to roll backwards . phillip whooaaa ! butch ! butch !!! butch turn and see the Ford roll backwards , pick up steam back down the hill . butch step on the brake ! put you foot on the brake ! the middle one !! phillip panicked , slide over and grab the wheel . of course , he be too short to press on the brake and when he bend down ... ford swerve off the road and onto the shoulder . ( continued ) 81 . 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 family head by bob , 35 , they Ward cleaverish father , look up to see ... ford barrel backwards toward they , swerving to and for and follow by butch shouting instruction . bob ( o.s. ) everybody , run ! Quick ! bob make a beeline for the station wagon . bob be wife forget the car , Bob ! bob be you crazy . it 's only get a 1000 mile on it ! he jump in the Driver 's seat of the wagon and frantically revs it just as ... phillip gain control of the wheel and steer the rapidly reversing Ford around the wagon . ford continue backwards to the bottom of the hill , but it have enough steam build up to head backwards up the other incline of the previous hill . butch come to a heaving halt next to Bob , who be near heart attack himself . butch bad brake . bob that be close . Bob get out of the station wagon and stand next to butch . they watch for the Ford for a second , see that it 's lose momentum and smile at each other . ( continued ) 82 . 128 continued : ( 3 ) 128 bob Bob fielder . butch Edgar poe. phillip breathes a sigh of relief as the Ford lose momentum and come to a stop . but then , of course , ... ford like any car on a roller coaster , start to move downhill , slowly at first , but then pick up speed . bob and butch bob have I scared silly . I have only have she two month . butch she 's a beaut , all right . say , Bob , what with my brake problem and all , I sure would appreciate a lift . I and my boy live about five mile up the road here . I can pick up the car tomorrow . they notice the Ford come back down the hill and squint to see ... ford come straight for they , gain speed , with casper the friendly ghost behind the wheel . butch and bob chuck the small . Bob look for a place to hide . closeup - phillip scream at the top of he lung . closeup - butch stare straight ahead at Phillip . butch do not even flinch , stand he ground in the middle of the road , stare straight into Phillip 's oncoming face . butch the brake , Phillip ! step on the brake ! hard ! ( continued ) 83 . 128 continued : ( 4 ) 128 phillip totally freak , jump down on the floorboard and push with both hand on the brake . squealing tire bring ... ford to a skidding halt inch from butch 's kneecap . closeup - butch smile at Phillip . butch helluva job , Phillip ! never have a doubt . closeup - phillip smiling back . bob crawl down from the luggage rack on top of he wagon and smile a sigh of relief . 129 ext . roadblock - day 129 two highway patrol officer check license and peek into car at the checkpoint . in the b.g. we see the red station wagon in line . 130 int . station wagon - day 130 it 's full to the brim with the family Bob plus two , butch and Phillip , who ride in the back with Bob 's son . as the car approach the roadblock butch grab a blanket , recline , and hide behind a stuff animal . bob sorry for the inconvenience , Edgar . the kid like the back down like that so they can play . butch no trouble at all , bob. 131 ext . roadblock - day 131 Bob bring he precious car to a gingerly stop . he pull out he license , show it . bob why the roadblock , Officer ? officer escape convict , sir . just a precaution . 84 . 132 ext . airstream - day 132 Bradley examine the gooseneck hitch . Bobby Lee sit on a nearby rock , still whittling at he stick . it 's start to resemble something . 133 int . airstream - day 133 as in the old western , it 's quiet , too quiet . the inside of the rv be pretty much trash now -- the product of man work in close contact . Sally stare at a file . the silence be break as Red spit tobacco juice into a empty Coke bottle . Sally peruse a file . insert - file it 's butch 's again . she 's read a addendum page with juvenile court record stamp at the top . a photo of 14 - year - old butch be staple in the corner . back to scene Sally find something very interesting . she look up at Red . he return she stare . red what ? 134 ext . airstream - day 134 Bobby Lee finish he whittling , blow away shaving , smile at he creation , set it on the rock , get up and walk away . closeup - he creation a four inch long wooden replica of a high caliber shell . 135 int . airstream - day 135 adler be get something on the shortwave . adler ( to Red ) they have get two highway patrol car they can give to we now . red tell them stand by . we get the best seat in the house right here . have the southern roadblock call in the dog and move north . check every road , every farm from San angelo to sweetwater . ( continued ) 85 . 135 continued : 135 adler survey the map and stick in a few more thumbtack . adler he know he 's hemmed in . I predict we will have he sing a different tune by nightfall . 136 ext . highway - day 136 the red station wagon creep along the highway to the whistle strain of " Old macdonald have a farm . " 137 int . station wagon - day 137 butch , truly " sing a different tune , " whistle " Old macdonald . " Bob join in and soon the whole damn family Bob be whistling the tune . Bob 's daughter patsy , 5 , red hair , freckle , start jump up and down on the back seat , sing and spilling she drink . bob be son you be spilling ! you be spilling ! Bob and he wife immediately turn around . wife patsy ! look at what you be do ?! bob ahhh noooo ! Bob 's wife grab patsy by the arm and shake she . butch con - tinue to whistle softly , almost eerily , but he 's watch closely . bob' wife look at what you do ! it 's all over the seat of you father 's new car ! the little girl start to cry while Bob grab at tissue feverishly and hand they to he wife who , lean over the seat be wiping hard at the stain . she grab she daughter 's arm and shake she , stare into she face . butch , directly behind the little girl , watch closely . bob' wife what be wrong with you ?! I tell you twice not to jump up and down ! do not I !! patsy bawl harder than ever . Bob 's wife finish wiping and reseat herself in the front seat . ( continued ) 86 . 137 continued : 137 bob' wife ( to herself ) damn that kid ! the little girl be cry harder than ever now . Bob reach back over the seat and try to touch he daughter . bob it 's okay , sweetie . daddy 's not mad . bob' wife so much for the new car smell . the little girl muffle she tear . butch smile sincerely then look to the pass landscape . butch this will do fine right here , Bob . but I do have one more favor to ask . 138 ext . road - day ( five minute later ) 138 the entire family Bob be stand along the roadside , they luggage and belonging by they side . the look on they face say it all -- stranded . butch hand over the stuff animal to patsy , pat Bob Jr. on the head and stick out he hand to bob. butch just a loaner , Bob . not to worry . you will get she back . Bob reluctantly shake butch 's hand in a attempt to impress upon butch he most important concern of all ... bob please , it 's new . hold it under 45 ... at least for the next 500 mile . butch you know I will , Bob . butch give a snappy salute and be off to the wagon . 139 int . station wagon - day 139 butch start the car and he and Phillip slowly pull away . butch Wave , Phillip . Phillip do so . Bob 's kid wave back . Phillip start to giggle . ( continued ) 87 . 139 continued : 139 phillip they look funny . butch maybe , but Bob do the right thing . what if he would put up a fight ? I mighta ' have to shoot he , and where would that family be then ? naw , Bob 's a fine family man and that 's about the best thing a fella ' can hope to be . butch floor the wagon and the car screech rubber on the highway . bob cringe as he watch he pride and joy rocket toward the horizon . 140 ext . roadblock - day ( later ) 140 the highway patrol continue to monitor car one by one . one of the officer see something and nudge he partner to look at ... family bob crest the hill carry they hat in they hand along with they luggage and cooler . 141 int . airstream - day 141 adler drop he headphone and turn to red. adler he get through ! at aspermont . BRADLEY what ? adler coerce a motorist . Red sigh . red well goddam , shout at amarillo . tell them we get a notion he 's head they way . adler get right to it . ( continued ) 88 . 141 continued : 141 red ( almost to himself ) Truth be I wish he would cross the border so we could turn this over to the fed . nobody in the room expect to hear this . red I get work to do back home . Red rise and stretch , walk to the open door and stare out at the late afternoon light . red I be hungry . this thing get any food ? suttle well , uh ... adler jump up and go to the frig . adler get t-bone in the frig , Red ! suttle uh , uh , that be stock for the Governor . I do not think that he would approve of ... adler find a plastic bag in the freezer and inspect it . adler -- and look , Red ! tater Tots ! that kind you like ! Red turn and look . red that so ? 142 int . station wagon - day 142 butch fiddle with the radio . he settles on a Spanish station play a ballad and adjust the volume . butch can not find a coonass waltz to save my ass . ( beat ) hey , Phillip , that stuff you tell I ' bout not trick r' treatin ' causa ' jehovah ... be you pullin ' my leg ? phillip nawsir . ( continued ) 89 . 142 continued : 142 butch what else be not you suppose ' to do ? phillip we do not get Christmas . butch yer ' shittin ' I ? phillip nawsir . no birthdays , nor party , neither . butch you be not never be to a carnival neither , have ya ' ? phillip nawsir . butch not even one ? phillip not even one . butch cotton candy ? phillip see that once . it 's red . butch pink. phillip never eat none though . butch roller coaster ? butch see picture . butch you know , Phillip , you have a goddamm red , white and blue american right to eat cotton candy and ride roller coaster . phillip I do ? 90 . 143 ext . station wagon - extreme closeup - phillip' OPEN 143 mouth - day scream . pull back to reveal ... closeup - phillip still scream in glee , the wind blow he crew - cut straight up into the air . pull back farther to reveal that Phillip be firmly tie to the luggage rack of the station wagon , which be rocketing across the wind plain of West Texas . boom down to reveal butch , have almost as much fun as Phillip , hoop and holler as he step on the gas and weave to and for try he damndest to hit every bump . 144 ext . plain of west TEXAS - long shot - dusk 144 a nehi Orange sun pour itself into the grape - ade Davis Mountains . pan along the horizon past nothing but open space ... then a red neon sign , small and break down , like the spit grill diner it advertise . the steal station wagon sit alone beside the press dirt parking lot of dottie 's Cafe . 145 int . dottie' cafe - dusk 145 a skinny , small town waitress check she face in a bathroom mirror . she apply too much lipstick and pinch she cheek before exite . we follow as she exit the kitchen bathroom door , grab two already prepare hamburger platter special from beside the grill and move through a swinging door into the diner . a counter , three booth , grease everywhere ... she set the two plate in front of butch and Phillip at a booth . butch dig in but Phillip hold for a beat . butch notice and stop chew while Phillip say " grace " . phillip ( quiet as a mouse ) thankyew , Father , for yer ' ' boundiful ' nature and goodness . butch and the waitress / cook share a smile . butch amen . now dig in , buzz. ( to waitress ) call he that caus ' he eat like a buzzard . if it 's dead he will swoop and chow . ( continued ) 91 . 145 continued : 145 she lean down to the table and flirt with she overdo eye . butch you dottie ? waitress eileen . dottie die . her son run the place but ... he be not never here . butch never ? eileen ( waitress ) he leave at four . not much traffic after lunch . she brazenly stare a hole through butch as she lift a slice of pickle off he plate , place it in she mouth and slowly chew . Phillip , mouth full , take note of the confusing spectacle . eileen turn to walk away . eileen if you need I , I will be right over here . she slowly sashays away to behind the counter . butch watch she every step . Phillip chew and watch butch 's eye . butch turn he head and catch Phillip watch he . butch eat yer ' food . 146 ext . field - airstream - dusk 146 a sirloin steak hit a grill beside a tater tot shiskabob and sizzle to beat the band . a homemade barbecue pit , build from nearby abundant rock , sit square in the middle of the highway with red flare set up just in case a car do come by . Red smile and shake a liberal dose of lea and perrin onto the flesh . he 's obviously a veteran of many back yard B - bqs and this be definitely one . we see Sally through the window . she 's inside , still go over she file . she get up and walk into the back room to look for something . ( continued ) 92 . 146 continued : 146 bobby lee sit outside , rise and slide into the airstream while back to scene Red continue to cook with adler and Bradley look on . 147 int . airstream - backroom - dusk 147 Sally turn on a nightlight and look at herself in the mirror . she splashes a little water on she face and be startle when ... Bobby Lee slide in behind she . bobby lee think yer ' pretty smart now do n'tcha ' ? she do not back down , instead look he straight in the eye . sally Excuse I ? bobby lee well yer ' not smart but you be pretty . Sally stare right at Bobby Lee then move for the door . he shift he position and block she . sally Excuse I . Bobby Lee smile a crooked - tooth grin , refuse to move . bobby lee work and pleasure should naturally go together do not you think ? take I , I enjoy my work . sally I could give a shit . bobby lee you get a mouth , do not ya ? red ( o.s. ) how you take you steak , Sally ? Bobby Lee and Sally both look up to see Red stand in the doorway . ( continued ) 93 . 147 continued : 147 sally ( relieved ) uh.. rare . red a woman after my own heart . she take this opportunity to slide between Red and Bobby Lee on she way into the main room . as she go ... red I will just wipe its ass , herd it through and you can cut off a hunk . how would that be ? sally maybe medium -rare . Bobby Lee and Red be leave stand face to face . red I do not give a damn who you work for . you be here for one reason and one reason only . bobby lee anything else , Chief ? red yeah . yer ' in my office . the hot line phone ring ... Bobby Lee flinch first and move back into the main room . Red follow . adler that 's the Governor 's line , Red ! Red calmly walk past Sally who smile a " thanks " . he give she a one finger to the hat salute , walk to the phone , reach down and yank out the cord . the ringing stop . red nuthin ' as impolite as callin ' at the dinner hour . 148 int . dottie' cafe - night 148 Phillip , at the booth , play with the parsley on he empty plate , which sit across from butch 's barely touch one . the boy look over he shoulder and sneak a peek at butch , who sit at a barstool watch eileen work behind the counter . ( continued ) 94 . 148 continued : 148 at counter butch lean over and whisper something sexy into eileen 's ear . she giggle and lick she lip . butch feel eye on he back and look at Phillip , who immediately turn away from they . when butch return he attention to eileen she 's move a few foot away and be refilling ketchup bottle . butch buzz , go ahead and chew on mine if you want . phillip no thankyew . eileen slide back down toward butch . she make refilling condiment bottle the sexiest pasttime since the hula hoop . eileen very polite . butch I try hard but , ya ' know , since he mama die ... phillip -- my mama 's not dead ! butch , a tad annoyed , turn to Phillip and give he a look . once again , when he turn back , eileen have move . she 's flirt with butch , move , bend , wiping she hand on she hip . his eye be focus on she every squirm . butch ( over he shoulder ) okay now , buzz , you go on out in the parking lot and chunk some rock or something . back to scene Phillip reluctantly slide down off the stool and slowly walk out the door . his eye stay on butch and eileen , barely conceal confusion mix with a hint of jealousy . eileen so be she dead or not ? butch ( cover badly ) well he biological mother be alive . gave he up for adoption to I and my wife . my dead wife , that be . she be , be phil , er buzz 's stepmother , so she 's he mom , be he mom , stepmom , but ... she 's dead . ( continued ) 95 . 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 eileen I be so sorry . but she 's not . in fact it seem to have turn she on even more . she put she hand behind butch 's neck and slowly pull he close for gentle kiss . 149 ext . parking lot - night 149 Phillip toss a rock then turn to the diner . they be go . Phillip drop he handful of rock and walk to the front window of the diner . phillip be Pov - diner it be empty . he see that the kitchen swinging door be still swinging on its hinge . 150 int . diner - adjunct office - night 150 a one room addition office build onto the kitchen . it have a desk against one wall , a few chair , a fan -- pretty sparse . two large window throw light from the outside neon sign onto the room . a large lamp provide harsh light . eileen lead butch by the hand into the room , close the door behind they . at once they be all over each other . butch lift she up onto the desk and start to kiss she face and neck . then , in a instant , he flip she over , pull the ribbon from she hair and unzip the back of she waitress outfit to the waist . he kiss she neck , she back and suddenly , passionately , he flip up she skirt and begin kissing she voluptuous backside . 151a ext . diner - night 151a Phillip , a bit scared , move around the side of the front of the diner and see something . 151b phillip be Pov - through window 151b in profile butch continue to kiss eileen 's buttock . she moan in ecstasy . 151c back to scene 151c Phillip , like a pacifist at a prizefight , do not want to watch but can not not watch . he move down the wall to a window position right at the desk . when he stop he 's right in front of the window , separate from butch and eileen by only a foot of air and a thin plate of glass . 96 . 151d phillip be Pov - butch and eileen 151d kiss , writhe , but from this angle all he can really see be a mane of hair swinging to and for . butch be out of sight but it 's obvious that he lip continue to caress eileen 's backside . she crane she neck , arching it like a swan , moan like a wildebeast and then ... she stop and stare straight ahead . butch continue to kiss but only for a beat , sense the locomotive he 's on have stop at a unschedule station . he slide he face from around she rear , a la kilroy , and he stare , too . except for they continue heavy breathe they could be modern art statue stare straight ahead at ... 152a int . office - reverse - night 152a Phillip 's nose be press to the glass . in fact if he press any harder there would not be any glass . 152b butch and eileen 152b hold they pose for a second until ... 152c phillip 152c come back to real time and bolt away into the darkness of the parking lot . eileen nosy little feller ' . 152d butch 152d race to the side window and watch as Phillip run into the parking lot . butch Phillip !... eileen ( a last try ) I keep a cot in the back . but butch , still at the window , just keep breathe . 153 ext . dottie' cafe - angle on sky - night ( second 153 later ) nothing but star swim in black West Texas crude . phillip stand right next to the sputter neon sign , stare straight up , the neon light splash he face in a grotesque pink light . ( continued ) 97 . 153 continued : 153 back to scene in the b.g. , over he shoulder , the cafe door open , clanging a string of bell as butch hastily exit and walk past Phillip . butch get in the car . 154 int . station wagon - night 154 silence . butch drive away libidinous desire , Phillip sit quietly , stare straight ahead , now and again steal a peek at butch . phillip you mad at I ? butch ( curt ) no. more silence . phillip you kiss she , huh ? butch ( much regret ) jus ' barely . phillip why ? butch caus ' it feel good . ai not you ever see you mama kiss a man ? phillip no. ( beat ) you kiss she backside , huh ? butch it 's , well , uh , it 's kinda ' hard to explain . I know how it musta ' look . ( beat ) Hell , I do not know how it look .... as butch 's voice trail off silence overtake the car . after a few second butch seem happy not to have to answer any more question . Phillip fidgit with the door handle . several more second pass , then ... ( continued ) 98 . 154 continued : 154 phillip do you love she ? butch who ? phillip the lady that cook the hamburger ? butch ponder this , then a grin slide across he face . butch yeah , Phillip , I love she . ( beat ) kiss she butt do not I ? and they both start to laugh . 155 ext . country road - night ( later ) 155 the station wagon pull off the main dirt road and onto a smaller , private road . after 150 yard or so , it leave the grade dirt and , shock bounce , cross into a plow field and come to a dusty stop . butch ( v.o. ) you wanna ' drive ? phillip ( v.o. ) yeah ! butch ( v.o. ) jus ' kiddin ' , buzz . I be just gonna ' stop here for awhile and catch 40 . 156 int . wagon - night 156 butch kill the engine but keep the radio music on low . butch thing go we way we will be in Alaska in four or five day . get the jump on winter . Phillip look a little sad . butch what 's wrong ? phillip I wanna ' go home . butch if you want to go home so bad , why do not you stay at that store today ? ( continued ) 99 . 156 continued : 156 phillip caus '. butch caus ' why ? phillip ' caus ' I steal . they would put I in jail . prolly ' go to hell . butch chuckle at the notion . butch same difference . we will get you home soon . I swear , okay ? phillip butch ? butch yeah , Phillip ? phillip I can drive . butch done prove that ain'tcha ' ? there 's lot and lot of stuff you can do , phillip. ( get a idea ) reach in that glovebox there . see if Bob 's get a notepad or something . Phillip extract a small ringed memo pad . butch good old bob. can you write ? phillip I can print . butch good enough . now I want you to make a list of everything you ever want to do but be not allow to . okay ? phillip like what ? butch like ... cotton candy . phillip cotton candy ? ( continued ) 100 . 156 continued : ( 2 ) 156 butch Hell I do not know . it 's yer ' list . butch settles in for a catnap . just as he eye close ... phillip butch ?... butch yeah ?... 157 ext . field - night 157 only the dome light and the low music bring attention to the car sit lonely in the middle of the massive field . phillip ( v.o. ) how ya ' spell ' rocketship ? ' 158 int . airstream - night 158 the aftermath of a full scale Texas bar-b-q : plate full of gristle and bone , cigarettes burn in ashtray and swirl - ing in half - drunk bottle of Coke and mug of coffee , man groan and pick they tooth with toothpick . Bradley , adler and Suttle be dead - ass asleep and snore . Bobby Lee , too mean to sleep , sit by himself clean he fingernails with a pocket knife . 159 ext . field - night 159 Red lean against the airstream and sip coffee from he thermos . Sally walk up , sip from a mug , and lean against the bumper . Red do not even turn . red figger to give them another hour of shuteye , then grab the patrol car and head for the panhandle . sally bring back any memory ? red too many . Red turn to she . they both know he 's divulge something . red they get a file on I , too ? ( continued ) 101 . 159 continued : 159 sally it 's the 60' , Red . they have get a file on everybody . red just caus ' it 's write down do not make it true . sally you work as County sheriff in amarillo and Austin before you become a Ranger . right so far ? ( beat ) oh , and it say you name 's cecil . red yeah , well , that 's definitely the worst of it . Red uncork he thermos and refill Sally 's mug . she take a sip and almost choke on it . sally strong ... but good . so cecil ... Red give she a strong look . sally Red . what do you do when you be not at work . red the file do not tell ya ' that , too ? sally nope . red I get a ranch I never visit , niece I hardly know , a tackle box full of dry lure and a dog that figure he 's the owner and I be the pet . could have a point , he 's there more . sally a confirm bachelor . any regret ? red like to have wet that lure . maybe a new dog. ( beat ) how would you get into ... whatever the hell it be you do ? ( continued ) 102 . 159 continued : ( 2 ) 159 sally my father 's defense lawyer . red that explain you mouth . Sally smile . sally instead of Home ec , I study criminology . when I graduate , my father , with the Governor 's help , they , he and my dad ... I create a position for myself with the prison system . red what 's yer ' husband think about all this ? sally do not own one . red yer ' not careful you will wind up jus ' like I . Old , tired , with nobody around to love ya ' . sally maybe . red it 's crazy be not it ? sally what 's that ? red goin ' without sleep chasin ' after a three time loser and casper the friendly ghost ? sally sleep ? that 's what retirement 's for . red bite you tongue . sally you wanna ' know what 's really crazy ? hayne 's juvenile court record list you as amicus curiae . silence save the cricket . ( continued ) 103 . 159 continued : ( 3 ) 159 sally friend of the court . evidence give by a non-party with the intention of sway the judge one way or the other . they be usually in write form , but there 's no copy attach . Red do not flinch . sally okay , then at least tell I why haynes get four year for a joyride ? what about probation ? the boy have a home , a father . red what 's you file say about he ? sally that he be a petty thief who do a little time , get out and stay pretty clean . red there be murderer I would trust with my mother and petty thief I would not turn my back on . you precious file be wrong . sally I be listen . red hayne 's old man be a career criminal with a soft spot for whore . one way or the other he beat the hell outta ' every person he ever cross , screw or fathere . judge send junior home with the old man and you can bet you last dollar that within a year he will have a rap sheet as long as yer arm . ( beat ) I know kid who do gatesville , make it through , shape up . Hell , one 's even a priest . Sally realize she 's open a old wound . sally still , I do not understand from the file why ... red -- this job be not about file and book and second guessin' . ya get one shot and ya call them like you see them . ( continued ) 104 . 159 continued : ( 4 ) 159 sally I be a bit confuse ... Red toss out the rest of he coffee . red in Texas the bottom line be who ya ' know and what they owe ya . that 's how I do my job and how you get yours . he turn to walk inside . sally ( a bit tick ) what be you try to say ? Red stop , face Sally . red I buy the judge a t-bone and tell he to send the boy up . told he it be the right thing to do . he go along right down the line . Red disappear . Sally just stare after he , she face once again soft . 160 int . station wagon - closeup - memo pad - night 160 rest on Phillip 's lap . back to scene his finger release it as he drift to sleep . closeup - phillip asleep , the way a child sleep . soundly . closeup - butch also asleep , but only he body -- he mind work over - time ... dissolve to : 161 series of shot - butch dream 161 ( note : the entire dream be a series of snapshot to a strong coonass beat ) a ) a baby snapshot of butch . ( continued ) 105 . 161 continued : 161 B ) a haynes family photo -- a grizzle father stand behind a mother seat hold a baby . they stand in front of a small , white frame house . C ) extreme closeup -- the baby in the snapshot - butch . D ) snapshot of a young butch , age 6 , with he father and another adult male , who be both hold deer rifle with one hand and with the other the antler and head of a dead deer . E ) extreme closeup -- butch 's father from the same photo . F ) snapshot of butch , 8 , with he mother but no father . G ) a establish snapshot of a nightclub in New Orleans . the gaudy sign above the joint read : club - dance hall . h ) a snapshot of butch 's mother dress in a somewhat sleazy latino outfit . she 's surround by 3 or 4 lounge lizard type , whose hand be all place on part of she body . she have a drunken sneer on she face . I ) snapshot of butch , 8 , be teach to dance in the club by he mother . he look awkwardly into the camera . j) snapshot of butch , 8 , sit on the bar of the club , surround by a motley group of sleazy " dime dancer " . k ) another snapshot of butch be teach to dance by he drunken mother . ( note : a heavy machine growl should start low and increase in volume through the remainder of this fast - pace series of cut . ) L ) snapshot of Mom dance very closely , too closely , to a handsy patron of the club . m) snapshot of Mom kissing the same man . we see a tattoo on he arm . N ) extreme closeup -- the tattoo . it be of a naked girl . the word " hell - bent " in cursive frame the tattoo . o ) snapshot of Mom sit on the tattooe man 's lap at the bar . his hand be rest on the inner portion of she thigh . p ) snapshot of butch at the bar with the club bartender . q ) same as ( k ) -- butch be teach to dance . ( continued ) 106 . 161 continued : ( 2 ) 161 R ) extreme closeup -- butch in same photo . S ) same as ( J ) -- butch in bar with dime dancer . T ) extreme closeup -- butch in same photo . U ) same as ( o ) . Mom with tattooe man . V ) extreme closeup -- tattooe man from same photo . W ) snapshot of crime scene in the bar . a man lie on the floor in a pool of blood . onlooker , include some of the dime dancer and butch 's mom , express they shock at the incident while police photographer and newsmen look on . X ) extreme closeup -- some of the onlooker face . y ) extreme closeup -- butch 's mom 's face . as oppose to the other , she face be rather displace . you would think she would witness a fender bender instead of a murder . Z ) extreme closeup -- the face of the victim . it 's the tattooe man . aa ) extreme closeup -- the tattoo . the roar of the machine growl be now deafening as the image of the tattoo ... fade into : 162 brilliant white light 162 that fill the frame . int . / ext . station wagon - night ( present ) except it 's brighter than the brightest day as a high power light shine directly at ... extreme closeup - butch who exit he dream and enter reality with a throttle shock . he squint and try to discern the source of the light while grop for he gun under the seat . butch be Pov - white light it 's bright as hell but get clearer , less fuzzy . we can now see it 's the headlight of a huge combine which sit , engine running , directly in front of the station wagon . ( continued ) 107 . 162 continued : 162 a black man - 50 or so , kill the engine ( but leave the light on ) step down from the combine cab and start toward the station wagon . back to scene Phillip , now wide awake and scared . he notice that ... butch be finger the gun , rest it in he hand and under he right leg . the Black man , whose name be mack , cross the front of the wagon and walk to the driver 's side window . mack ( black man ) do not mean to scare ya ' . I work at night . it 's cooler . ya 'll car break down ? butch I and the boy be just catchin ' some shut - eye in yer ' field . mack oh , it be not mine . I just work it for Mr. andrew . where ya will from ? butch drive from texarkana yesterday . mack quite a haul . butch Said a mouthful there . mack well , be not no sense in ya will sleepin ' in the car . not when I get a fold out couch sittin ' empty . butch would not want to put you out . ' side we need to get back on the road . mack no trouble t'all . wake you up first light , fill yer ' belly and send you on yer ' way . 163 ext . rural road - first light - day 163 a highway patrol car , follow by a tow truck , breeze along the highway . 164 omitted 164 108 . 165 int . highway patrol car - day 165 two officer , montgomery and hall , scan the horizon . they look like they have drive all night . saunder wake up in the back seat and lean forward . saunder we do not pass it do we ? saunder spot the rv on the horizon . montgomery there it be . 166 ext . roadside - day 166 the patrol car stop , as do the tow truck . 167 int . patrol car - day 167 Hall and Montgomery view the beat to hell rv while saunder , ready to cry , jump out and run into the field . montgomery good gawd almighty . Governor be not gonna ' like this . 168 int . airstream - day 168 Suttle be asleep among the rubble . he jump to when saunder burst in . saunder gasp when he see the shape he prize vehicle be in . saunder where be they ?! suttle uh , uh , they be go . saunder how long ?! suttle I do not know , uh , four , five hour . saunder , deject , start to move some of the trash from the couch . he sit down and moan ... saunder well , goddammit , do he say anything ? suttle yeah . ( continued ) 109 . 168 continued : 168 saunder what ?! suttle well , uh , Chief garnett want I to tell you that the vehicle get he seal of approval .... saunder ' face begin to turn red . suttle and that he want he chair back . if he be red before , now saunder be crimson . a the - mometer drop into boil water . 169 ext . airstream - day 169 we hear a scream and then a second later , Red 's desk chair come fly out the door . it hit a rock and split as it bounce . 170 ext . highway - day 170 two highway patrol car rocket along , one behind the other . 171 int . lead patrol car - day 171 officer jone , a lean , hard - nose of 25 , drive . adler in the front seat , Red and Sally in the back . not a word be speak . serious business . 172 int . second patrol car - day 172 another officer drive this car . kaiser ride shotgun work the radio . in the back seat sit Bobby Lee and Bradley . 173 int . mack house - day 173 a coffeepot rattle on the stove . two black hand move the pot and rescue overfry egg in a skillet on the stove . two small black foot dangle from a too-high bathroom toilet . as they hit the ground we hear a flush . we follow the foot down down a short hall and into the live room . as they pass the bottom of a fold - out couch we ... boom up to reveal butch and Phillip asleep . butch 's arm have find its way under Phillip 's head and be act as a early morning pillow . ( continued ) 110 . 173 continued : 173 a small head pop up on the side of the bed nearest Phillip . the six - year- old eye of cleveland peer close to Phillip and watch , only inch away , as Phillip sleep . Phillip 's eye blink a bit and then they open ... phillip ( scared ) aaaayyyyy ! cleve ( more scared ) aaaayyyy !!! butch jump up like a rocket and be on the floor in a instant . butch aaaayyyyy !!!! cleve race into the kitchen and the apron string of he grandmother , mack 's wife , lottie . lottie he wake ya will up ? ( to cleve ) now I tell ya not to do that . butch and phillip , breathe hard , can not help but laugh . butch no harm , ma'am . lottie I be lottie . mack 's wife . this here 's my grandbaby , Cleveland . cleve name 's cleve . I be six . phillip I be eight . mine 's buzz . 174 int . mack kitchen - day 174 butch , cleve and Phillip finish breakfast while lottie pour coffee . cleve and Phillip , hit it off well , be engage in fervent storytelling . cleve we get we a creek down the way . wanna go later ? ( continued ) 111 . 174 continued : 174 phillip sure thing . mack enter after a hard night 's work . butch mornin ' to ya. mack mornin ' . Rest do ya will some good . lottie you wanna plate ? mack not jus ' yet . ( to cleve ) Boy , go get my thermos from the truck . cleve , still whisper and giggle with Phillip , be not really listen . mack do not ya hear good , boy ?! mack firmly cuff the boy' ear and cleve jump up and out the door , one hand hold the side of he head . butch and Phillip both look up at mack . mack Boy do not get the sense gawd give a chicken . 175 int . lead patrol car - highway - day 175 jone want I to stay on highway 70 ? red let 's head on over towards amarillo . we will cross he there or wave goodbye at the border . 176 int . mack house - live room - day 176 Phillip sit on the couch and watch as butch show cleve a trick . cleve bend over , put he hand between he leg and butch grab they and pull -- a flip . cleve be ecstatic at the result . Phillip and butch laugh along . cleve agin ' ! do it agin ' ! ( continued ) 112 . 176 continued : 176 lottie ( to butch ) where 's the boy 's mother ? butch we leave she at home this time . Boy 's night out kinda thing . butch spot a old phonograph . butch say , lookie here . he give it a spin with he finger and search through a stack of 78s . lottie Mr. andrew give them to we when he get hisself a newfangled one . butch find a particular favorite . butch jeezus . now this be music . you know how long it 's be since I hear this . lottie that 's a oldie all right . Mrs. andrew ' maiden name be bougeois -- half - creole herself she be , but Mr. andrew he do not like nobody to know . ' suppose that 's why he give them to we . 177 int . bathroom - day 177 mack drop he pants and sit on the throne . he reach over and turn on the radio rest on the wash basin . a farm report come on just as ... 178 int . live room - day 178 a needle drop on a 78 , fill the room with the scratchy sound of a coonass waltz . butch 's eye come to life . butch you dance , lottie ? lottie lawd goodness no . ( continued ) 113 . 178 continued : 178 butch here , jus ' follow I . he take she in he arm and slowly but surely adjust she movement to he . after a few rough turn they be not too bad . Phillip can not help but smile as he and cleve watch and giggle . butch and lottie dance , swirl around the room . lottie Mr. poe , you sure can move . butch oughta be able to . be raise in a dime a dance whorehouse . lottie yer ' foolin ' I ? butch no , mar 'am . my mama would dance they ass out of the fryin ' pan and into the back room fire . butch spot Phillip and cleve , watch , giggle . butch get on yer ' foot , buzz . you and cleve shake a leg . lottie ( encourage ) well go on ! cleve and Phillip reluctantly stand and stare at one another . butch dance , boy ! the little boy do they best to emulate the adult and soon they be laugh and dance , too . the record stop . they all clap and laugh . butch hear something ... the radio in the bathroom . 179 int . bathroom - day 179 mack sit , clean he fingernails with a barlow knife as the radio announcer begin a news flash . ( continued ) 114 . 179 continued : 179 announcer ( v.o. ) update on the manhunt for the escape convict . haynes be armed and extremely dangerous . he be believe to have a hostage with he , a eight - year - old boy . a finger turn off the radio . we follow the finger up a arm to butch 's concerned face . he sit down on the edge of the tub across from mack and take the knife away from he . butch we will be leavin ' soon enough . I will kill all of you if you try anything stupid . mack swallow hard . 180 int . live room - day 180 lottie quizze Phillip ... lottie what 's texarkana like ? I be not never be there . phillip ( through he tooth ) oh , it 's real nice . I get a dog name ... Phillip and a tree house and ... mack , nervous , enter the room follow by butch . butch come on , buzz . time for we to hit the road . lottie whass ' wrong , mack ? you look like you see a ghost . cleve run up to butch , turn around backwards and put he hand between he leg . cleve do I agin ' ! mack ( scared for the boy ) no! Boy ! get over by yer ' mammaw ! lottie sense something be wrong . cleve , too young to smell trouble , persist ... cleve come on , mister , do I agin ' ! ( continued ) 115 . 180 continued : 180 butch smile and start to oblige the boy , but mack inter - vene and smack cleve hard , send he sprawling to the floor bawling . butch , instantly enraged , back -hands mack , grab he by the collar and toss he onto the floor . Phillip -- freeze , sit , watch as thing go from bad to worse . cleve -- confuse , bawling , afraid . butch pull the gun from he pants , bend down , pick up mack by he throat , press the gun in he mouth and lift he into a chair beside lottie . he bend close to mack -- they nose be inch apart . butch why would ya ' wanna ' go and hit cleve for ? he do not move fast enough for ya ' , be that it ? or maybe he get excited sometimes and do not hear everything ya ' say ? you make I sick to my stomach . butch spit in mack 's face , then rise and walk over to Phillip and hand he the revolver . butch Point it at them . phillip I do not wanna ' ... butch Point it ! Phillip do so , occasionally wiping a tear from he eye . mack reach down and hold lottie 's hand . butch kneel down to a still - sobbing cleve . butch now , son , you wanna ' flip ? cleve shake he head " no " between sob . butch gently take the boy and lift he to a stand position . butch go ahead . put yer ' hand between yer ' leg . I will not hurt ya ' . cleve turn to mack and then run to he . butch walk calmly over and pull the cry child away from the old man and back to the center of the room . ( continued ) 116 . 180 continued : ( 2 ) 180 butch ( to mack ) he do not trust ya ' no more . you gotta ' earn that , ya ' know ? ( to cleve ) put yer ' hand ' tween yer ' leg , son . cleve , still sobbing , do so . butch reach down and flip he , all the while stare at mack . each time he flip the boy , butch reach down , grab cleve 's hand and flip he again . finally he allow the frighten child to go to mack and lottie . butch take the gun from Phillip . butch buzz . go out to the car and get that rope . Phillip stand freeze . butch Phillip !... Phillip slowly rise and walk away . he stop for a moment and turn he back . extreme closeup - phillip his eye lock in a gaze with ... extreme closeup - cleve his sobbing eye plead for something , anything . 181 ext . house - day 181 Phillip exit the house , walk past a old well to the station wagon . he open the door , stop , look back . 182 int . house - day 182 butch sit on the coffee table across from mack , lottie and cleve . butch ( to mack ) now you hold that boy and tell he you love he . mack grab cleve and set he in he lap . ( continued ) 117 . 182 continued : 182 mack ( scared ) I love you . butch cock the revolver and slide forward . his nose be almost touch mack . butch no , old man . say it like you mean it . mack this boy know I love he , mistah ' . butch then say it . lottie please , mistah ' . I gotta ' sense about you . I know you a good man . butch nome ' , I be not a good man . ai not the worst neither , jus ' a different breed . 183 ext . house - day 183 Phillip be at the screen door look in . he hold the bag in he hand . he Pov butch sit on the coffee table , which be push right up to mack , lottie and cleve , who sit on chair . 184 int . live room - day 184 butch , enthralled with the episode he 's direct , almost quiver with anticipation . butch say it , mack . do not cost nuthin' . mack I love you , cleve. butch ( serious ) gawd that 's beautiful . butch spot Phillip stand at the entrance to the live room with the bag . he take it from the boy , empty the content -- candy , cookie , bread , sugar and all -- and pick up the rope , take mack 's barlow knife from he pocket and cut off a long shank . butch take the rope and begin to tie up the three . ( continued ) 118 . 184 continued : 184 Phillip stand , stare , aware that something bad be happen . butch finish tie , stick the knife in he pocket and walk over to the phonograph . he turn it back on . the scratchy record play . he turn up the volume . butch ( to Phillip ) you can go wait in the car or you can watch . yer ' old enough to think for yer 'self . Phillip , unsure what to do , stand he ground . butch return to he seat on the coffee table and stare at the three hostage . he appear as if he 's about to cry , close he eye and rest he chin on the barrel of the revolver while he recite instruction ... butch shut yer ' eye , cleve . mack , you and lottie hold the boy tight . shut yer ' eye , too . Phillip , awkwardly aware that he 's go to witness a execution , start to cry out , then squelch himself . butch seem to be in another world now -- take to another place and time . a slight smile find its way to he face , then disappear . lottie please , mistah ' , be not no use in it . mack we will give you ever ' thing we get ! but butch do not even hear the word . he slowly open he eye , pull he chin from the pistol barrel and point it at mack . lottie we Father , which be in heaven , hallo be thy name ... butch ( to lottie ) shhh ... shhh ... shhh ... lottie ... thy Kingdom come , lawd , thy will be do ... here on Earth as it be in Heaven . ( continued ) 119 . 184 continued : ( 2 ) 184 butch shhh .. shhh ... lottie ( to mack / cleve ) say it wif ' I .... butch look to Phillip in a strange way , set the gun on the floor between they , and crawl amongst the candy , gum and wrapper until he find the electrician 's tape . Phillip watch , not know what to do . the revolver -- cocked , rest on the floor . mack , cleve &amp ; lottie giv ' we this day we daily bread and forgiv ' we , lawd , we trespasp as we forgiv ' that who tresspass agin ' we ... butch rip tape from the roll and slap a piece over each of they mouth , silencing they prayer one by one . out of breath , he kneel down in front of they and stare at the three while he reach he hand behind he for the .... pistol -- but it 's not there ... butch look up to see ... Phillip -- tooth gritt , hold the pistol , point it directly at butch . closeup - butch his expression be blank -- then a slight smile . for a second it 's as if none of this have happen , that butch will grasp Phillip in he arm ... a deafening gunblast turn he expression to blank . Phillip , knock to the floor by the revolver 's kick , recover to he knee , shaking like a leaf . the mambo record come to a end , but scratch on ad infinitum . butch fall back to he knee , still stare at Phillip . he look at he stomach , where a stain of brown - red gush through he T-shirt , and back to the boy . butch ( as if he have not see he in year ) Phillip ?.... ( continued ) 120 . 184 continued : ( 3 ) 184 Phillip , momentarily daze , stare at the gun in he hand , at butch , the blood pour from butch 's side , and the shocked face of mack and he family . then , in a flash , he run , pell - mell , out of the house . 185 ext . house - day 185 Phillip blast out the screen door and run straight to the well . he drop the gun into the well , catch he breath and head for the road . after a few yard he have a think , run back to the station wagon , grab the key and throw they as far into the adjacent field as he can . then he resume he race for the road . 186 int . house - day 186 butch grope to he foot , still in shock . he stumble toward the door , then stop , reach in he pocket , extract mack 's barlow knife , hold it up and walk toward they , stare hard . mack , cleve , lottie -- afraid they will be kill after all . butch , surprisingly , meekly set the knife down on the coffee table ... butch thanks for yer ' hospitality . and walk away . 187 ext . house - day 187 butch emerge and stumble out . butch ( to the horizon ) Phillip ?!... no answer . he drag himself to the station wagon and , with much effort , slide himself into the seat . no key . he open the door , crawl out , leave a trail of blood , look out to the road and start to walk . phillip run down the road , look back every so often to see if butch be follow ( continued ) 121 . 187 continued : 187 butch make he way onto the private dirt and start walk back toward the main road . butch ( yell ) Phillip ?!! I will not hurt ya ' , I swear ! phillip be run out of steam on the road ahead . he stop for a blow and look back . he Pov a few hundred yard back , butch struggle forward . back to scene Phillip crawl through the ditch beside the road and squeeze through a barb wire fence . his costume hang on a barb . he rip away from the fence leave a foot - long strand behind . in the b.g. -- a pickup truck drive by . 188 int . truck - day 188 arch andrews , 50 , the owner of the ranch , slow down when he see ... arch what the hell ?... he Pov - phillip clad in he white costume , run across a field toward a grove of tree beside the creek . back to scene arch continue on down the road and pass ... butch -- nearly in shock , stumbling down the road . truck pull into mack 's place , and arch get out , peer into the station wagon , see blood , grimace and walk up to the house . he notice a drip trail of blood on the porch . 122 . 189 int . house - day 189 arch enter the kitchen , see no one and start toward the live room . the mambo continue to scratch . arch mack ?... lottie ?... arch enter the live room and stop when he see mack and family , still gag and tie to the chair . 190 ext . road - day 190 butch , hold he side , the pain be worse as he stumble along . he stop when he spot something -- a piece of white costume on the fence . he cross the ditch , step through the fence and walk in the same direction Phillip do . butch that be a helluva ' thing to do , Phillip . you be a hero . prolly ' be in all the papers tomorrow , how you save that folk . Truth be , I do not think I woulda ' kill them . I only kill two people in my whole life . one hurt my mama and one hurt you . 191 int . lead patrol car - day 191 adler listen in on the shortwave . kaiser ( v.o. ) a town call happy , over in swisher County . red ( to Jones ) how far ? jone half -hour top . red ( to adler ) get on the radio and tell whoever get there first to play it nice and easy . Sally give he a look . kaiser ( v.o. ) they have get the boy 's mother flyin ' in on a private . you want she on standby ? ( continued ) 123 . 191 continued : 191 red jeezus , who do that ? adler guvner , I assume . sally not a bad idea . red go ahead and chopper she in . after a moment of silence , Sally turn to Red . sally I do not mean to pry last night . red yes , ya do . sally look , Red , it be 20 year ago . red funny thing . when the judge send he away the kid stare at I . like he know . not hard or mad like you would expect . it be ... it be like he be forgive I . sally forgive you for what ?! for look at the fact and do what you think be right ? red naw . for what 's gonna happen today . 192 ext . field - day 192 butch follow Phillip 's path through the field . butch what say we talk this over ? settle thing man to man . then we can be on we way . I will even let you drive . knock that right off yer ' list . how would that be ? phillip finally arrive at the creek , look over he shoulder all the way . he look at the water -- deep and run swift . where to go ? he decide and head for the nearest tree -- a big oak , and shimmy up to a branch ten foot or so above the ground . 124 . 193 int . / ext . local black and white - day 193 a country cop answer the report , drive slowly down the road , he pistol draw and hold upright in one hand . he pull into mack 's driveway and park . arch walk out of the house to greet he . arch that 's he car . take off on foot . he 's get a pistol . mack say it look like a .38 . 194 ext . field - day 194 butch stop to rest . something catch he eye . he Pov a white figure move slightly in the bough of a oak tree . Phillip try to climb higher but can not reach the next limb . back to scene butch walk underneath the tree without even look at Phillip . he sit down to rest . butch Alaska , Phillip . Wild and wooley . man against nature . I personally , I like they odd . ( beat ) do I tell you my daddy life there ? he 's the one that send the picture postcard . listen here to what he say about it ... butch pull the postcard from he back pocket and read ... butch ( read ) ' dear Robert ' ... that 's my real name , Phillip . Robert . jus ' like old Bob the family man . ' dear Robert , I just want to tell you that I leave have nothing to do with you . ' Phillip , still afraid , can not help but listen as butch suffer through he memory . butch ( read ) ' Alaska be a beautiful place . colder than hell most all the time . ( more ) 125 . 194 continued : 194 butch ( cont 'd ) someday you can come and visit and we will maybe get to know each other better . ' short and sweet . that 's the old man 's style . ' cold all the time ' -- like that 's a big sellin ' point . he laugh to himself . butch he useta ' pat I on the head and tell folk ' that it 's some that can live life without askin ' about it and it 's other have to know why , and this boy here be one of the latter . ' ( beat ) that 's why I want to go up there . to visit the old man , I guess . prolly ' punch he one first , but then maybe we would end up bein ' friend , sit down , have a beer , talk thing over .... butch groan . he pull he hand from he side . blood be ooze all over the place . he return the postcard to he pocket . butch we will jus ' rest awhile . then you can make up yer ' mind . how 's that ? Phillip , still cling to the tree , can not help but feel compassion for he friend . 195 ext . mack house - day 195 a dozen highway patrol car now sit in the driveway . the fed in charge , agent hendrick , assign different officer to secure the area in a incredibly organize fashion . mack , lottie , cleve and arch watch from the porch . 196 ext . creekside - day 196 butch 's eye be close . a small puddle of blood drip and become a rivulet run down into the creek . Phillip , still in the tree , still watch , can not bear it any longer . he slowly climb down and drop next to butch , who open he eye to the boy and smile . butch one thing 's for sure now -- I definitely believe in ghost . ( beat ) never be shot before . ( continued ) 126 . 196 continued : 196 phillip I be sorry . butch I know ya ' be . Truth be , if it have to happen , I be glad it be you . as oppose to someone I do not know , I mean . all thing consider , I feel pretty good , though . could use a beer , though . phillip what 's beer taste like ? butch oh , it 's about the best thing there be . you would better put that on the list . Phillip 's eye catch something . he stand up fearfully ... he Pov - two more patrol car light spin , rush down the road , kick up dust . 197 int . / ext . red' patrol car - day 197 Sally watch Red . when the car come to a stop , she reach out and touch he arm . sally I think we chance of this thing end peacefully be good . he smile a lonesome smile , open the door and exit . 198 ext . creekside - day 198 Phillip kneel back down to butch . phillip you better run . butch naw , Phillip , I need I a time machine with a loud radio to take I where I be goin ' . walkin 's for square . 199 ext . mack house - day 199 Red exit he patrol car , follow by Sally . agent hendrick walk up . hendrick garnett , I be Tom hendrick , f.b.i. , out of the amarillo office . I understand you have one of we man with you ? ( continued ) 127 . 199 continued : 199 red yeah . you get the area quadron off ? hendrick Water tight . like a frog 's pussy . ( notice Sally ) sorry , mar 'am . sally no doubt a observation base on personal experience . Red can not help but smile . red you get he spot ? hendrick by the creek , half - mile down the road . I space officer in a circle around they 100 yard or so away . red you get any problem with I handle this one ? hendrick what say we both handle it ? Red sigh . red let 's head on down there . Bradley , gimme ' a megaphone . hendrick one other thing , Chief . haynes be wounded . the boy gut - shot he . red yer ' shittin ' I . 200 ext . creekside - day 200 Phillip scoops a handful of water and bring it to butch , who open he mouth and drink , a megaphon voice interrupt ... red ( v.o. ) ( through megaphone ) butch , this be Red garnett of the Texas State Police . a thin , know smile cross butch 's lip . ( continued ) 128 . 200 continued : 200 red ( v.o. ) I know yer ' hurt . we have get damn near 100 armed man here . take a look around and you will see I be shootin ' ya ' straight . butch ( yell back ) all this for I . I be touch , but I be afraid ya will gonna ' have to back it up a step or two . I be head to mexico. ( to Phillip ) lyin ' to them , of course . 201 ext . roadside - day 201 Red lean against a patrol car , accompany closely by adler , Sally and hendrick . red ( into megaphone ) hate to tell ya ' , butch , but yer ' head the wrong direction . tell ya ' what . you let the boy go and we will talk about it . discuss it over a cold beer . 202 ext . creekside - day 202 butch ( to Phillip ) beer . what would I tell ya '. ( to Red ) appreciate the offer , cap and , but ya ' know I can not do that . if you and yer ' pal back outta ' here , I will drop the boy at the border . ( beat ) if you do not I will shoot he in the head . I mean it ! Phillip , betrayed beyond comprehension , stare at butch . butch ( to Phillip ) do not look at I like that . I do not even have a gun . what do ya ' do with the pistola ' anyway ? phillip threw it in the well . butch good thinkin' . 129 . 203 ext . roadside - day 203 adler ya ' think he mean it ? Red mull it over , replace he old chaw with a fresh one and look to Sally . red what do you think ? sally base on what 's happen the past two day I do not think he would . red one thing 's for sure . if he get outta ' here with the boy , we be right back to where we start . BRADLEY if he kill the boy he will get the chair . adler shit , he will get the chair anyway . he 's kill two in two day . sally we do not know that he pull the trigger on either of the innocent victim . adler well he be not at home in he strat -o - lounger . ' side , who kill pugh ? casper ? red all right , both of you , that 's enough ! from the trail of blood I get a feelin ' it be not gonna ' make any difference . let 's jus ' concentrate on gettin ' the boy out for now . Bobby Lee approach with a leather case , bypass Red and go straight to hendrick . bobby lee where ya ' want I , sir ? red can you shoot off a hood ? Bobby Lee nod . in the b.g. , a helicopter circle , prepare to land . ( continued ) 130 . 203 continued : 203 adler that would be the boy 's mother . red bring she on over . 204 ext . creekside - day 204 butch and Phillip watch the helicopter land . butch see , Phillip , dream do come true . there 's yer ' rocketship . phillip think I will get to ride it ? butch today 's the day . red ( v.o. ) ( megaphon ) butch , we get the boy 's mama here . she want to say something . Phillip be visibly stunne by the news . he crawl up to the crest of the creekside and squint , look for he mom . butch what 's wrong , Phillip ? phillip it 's my mama . Phillip still crane he neck to see . butch now that ya ' get yerself a ghost suit , do ya ' think she will let ya ' trick r' treat ? phillip ( better than none ) I get to do one house . butch smile . he have a idea . butch put yer ' mask back on . 205 ext . roadside - day 205 Bobby Lee carefully unsnap the latch on he leather case and open it on the hood of the patrol car . ( continued ) 131 . 205 continued : 205 Inside be ... a high - power military rifle in three part . hand unzip a velvetine bag and pull out a high - power scope . Bobby Lee hold the lens of the scope to he mouth , blow a breath on it and wipe it clean with a piece of clean cloth . he feel eye and turn to see ... Sally , watch he at work . Bobby Lee smile at she , cocksure . his dark role in this manhunt be now perfectly clear . Sally turn she head , disgust . gladys perry , frazzle , somewhat in shock , be ushere forward . she 's hand the megaphone . she fumble with it , push the button . it squawks loudly . red jus ' push the button and talk normal . it squawks again . red here , I will hold the damn thing . you jus ' talk . gladys ( into megaphone ) hullo ... hullo . please , sir , he 's my only son . I will give you money , whatever I can . please , I want to take my boy home ! I want to ... the megaphone squalk one final die time and short out . Red hand it to Bradley , who immediately set it on the trunk and start take it apart . red ( to gladys ) yer ' doin ' fine . we will get another one . BRADLEY I think yer ' tobacco spit short it out , red. 206 ext . creekside - day 206 Phillip wear the mask . butch dust he off and smile . butch you ready to go home ? ( continued ) 132 . 206 continued : 206 phillip ( very sure ) yeahsir . butch ( yell ) hey , cap and , you get any candy ? intercut back and forth between butch and : red BRADLEY ( be : megaphone ) this one 's shot . red well , find another one ! Red sigh and cup he hand around he mouth . red ( yell ) what ?! butch ( yell ) candy ! Halloween candy ! popcorn ball , caramel apple , gum , shit like that ?! red ( yell ) you hungry ? butch ( yell ) you find I some candy and I will deliver up a ghost . red ( to adler ) you hear he . 207 ext . roadside - day 207 Red nod to adler who start to gather stick of gum , mint , anything from the surround officer . BRADLEY do not have another megaphone , Chief . Red just shake he head and sigh . Bobby Lee lean on the hood of the car and place one eye behind the scope of he rifle . ( continued ) 133 . 207 continued : 207 red you all set ? bobby lee you say when , I will say dead . Red glare at Bobby Lee for a extend moment . red ( yell ; to butch ) you get yer 'self a deal . candy 's waitin' . 208 ext . creekside - day 208 butch ( yell ) one more thing . his old lady have to swear to take he trick be ' treatin ' every year . Phillip strain to look for he mom . he 's upset , ready to leave . butch gimme ' yer ' list , Phillip . phillip butch ?... butch gimme that list . Phillip pull it out . butch snatch it and read it to himself , laugh . he 's on a death roll of sort , between lose blood and be in a impossible situation he almost seem to be enjoy the macabre scenario as it unfold . Phillip , on the other hand , be beginning to sob . butch ( yell ) and she 's gotta promise to take he to the fair for rollercoaster and cotton candy whenever he want ... or at least once a year ... phillip I wanna ' go home !... butch ( check list ; yell ) and when he get older he get to drink beer ... ( continued ) 134 . 208 continued : 208 phillip I do not need beer !... butch ( to Phillip ) well it 's on yer ' list . ( yell to Red ) and to go out on date with girl ! ( to Phillip ) not on the list , but you will thank I later for that little addition . ( check list ) done that , get to drive , gonna ' ride that rocketship . that 's about it . ( yell ; to Red ) she 's gotta ' promise or I will not let he go ! phillip I wanna ' go home , butch . my mama 's not bad ! she give I that thing . butch do not kid a kidder , Phillip . 209 ext . roadside - day 209 Red , exasperate , he can not believe how weird this have get . red ( yell ) it 's a deal ! butch ( yell ) make she say it ! Red look to gladys as if to say , " go ahead " . she seem reluctant . Red 's frustration be show . 210 ext . creekside - day 210 Phillip be near tear . he rise and start to move for the field , but butch grab he with one arm , pull he close and hold he like he 's he own child . phillip I jus ' wanna ' go home . butch ( sincere ) know jus ' how ya ' feel , Phillip . 135 . 211 ext . roadside - day 211 gladys ( to Red ) Phillip know that thing be against we belief . red ( to gladys ) what kinda ' foolishness be that ? ( yell ) she promise ! butch ( yell ) make she say it ! Red give she a look that say , " say it or deal with I " . gladys ( yell ) I promise ! 212 ext . creekside - day 212 butch ( to Phillip ) can we trust she ? phillip she 's a real good mama . butch reach into he pocket , extract the remain wad of steal bill , unzip the casper outfit , stuff they into the costume and rezip . butch ( to Phillip ) when you get home , hide this . if she 's lyin ' you can buy yer ' own damn beer . Phillip quiet for a moment and stare at butch . phillip yer ' not bad , be you , butch ? butch yeah . ( beat ) now , buzz , listen here . I want ya ' to step out there real slow , keepin ' yer ' paw in the air . then strut right over to they cop and yell ' trick r' treat . ' get it ? ( continued ) 136 . 212 continued : 212 phillip what be you gonna ' do ? butch somethin will come to mind . butch stick out he hand . Phillip shake it , afraid . butch ' bye , Phillip . it 's be one helluva ' ride . butch nod and smile . butch ( yell ) all right , cap and . make way for casper the friendly ghost . the friendliest ghost I know . butch nudge Phillip and the boy start toward the field . 213 ext . roadside - day 213 adler , look through binocular , can not help but smile . red gimme ' they thing . adler hand over the binocular . Red take a look . he Pov - phillip nee casper , walk in he full whitehood , arm reach for the sky . 214 ext . field - day 214 Phillip reach level ground and for the first time see the full strength of the amass police force -- at least 20 car , swirl light , gun everywhere , point at he . 215 ext . roadside - day 215 Red watch . red ( yell ) come on . keep walkin ' ! he Pov - through binocs Phillip stop walk and stand perfectly still . ( continued ) 137 . 215 continued : 215 back to scene Red lower he binoc . red ( to himself ) why the hell 's he stoppin ' ? ( to gladys ; direct ) call for yer ' boy to come ! gladys , near shock , ad lib command to Phillip . " come on honey , " " Phillip , keep walk , " that kind of thing . ( note : her command become more and more shriek and frantic and continue throughout , give rise to even more confusion than be already present . ) 216 ext . field - day 216 Phillip turn back and see ... butch -- he try to get up in a attempt to make a run for it , but he strength be go . he collapse . Phillip , stand still , with he mother 's shriek fill the air behind he , watch butch for a second then run back toward he . 217 ext . roadside - day 217 Red sigh and lower the binoc . 218 ext . creekside - day 218 Phillip stand before a struggle butch . butch personally I think we negotiate a pretty fair deal , but if there 's something ' else you want ... phillip ( disbelief ) do they want to shoot you ? butch start to lie to the boy but can not . 219 ext . roadside - day 219 a finger stroke the trigger of a high - power rifle . Bobby Lee -- smiling , ready , wait . Red shrug and wipe he brow . ( continued ) 138 . 219 continued : 219 hendrick he think better of releasin ' the hostage . sally it do not necessarily mean that . red ( to Bobby Lee ) stay on ready . 220 ext . creekside - day 220 Phillip hold he hand out and help butch get up . butch stand , dust himself off , grab the boy 's hand and to - gether they walk toward the field . 221 ext . roadside - day 221 Red , through the binocular . red I see it all now . 222 ext . field - day 222 butch and Phillip , hand in hand , walk across the field . 223 ext . roadside - day 223 Red scratch he head . hendrick what 's he up to ? red Hell if I know . sally he 's give himself up . hendrick keep in mind -- he still have the gun . red ( yell ; to butch ) butch ! stop and let the boy go ! put yer ' hand up and let the boy go !!! ( note : ad lib instruction from Red continue as well . ) 139 . 224 ext . field - day 224 with all the yell , it 's hard to make out what 's be say . butch and Phillip continue to walk and talk . butch so I guess that 's it for Alaska , Phillip . 225 ext . roadside - day 225 red stop and put you hand on you head ! gladys run , Phillip ! come here , Phillip ! sally ( to herself ) come on , come on ... hendrick ( a warning ) Chief , we have get a armed killer and a innocent boy out there . red ( to Bobby Lee ) you clean ? bobby lee as a whistle . red keep he lock down . do not squeeze till ' I say ' when . ' Red hold Bobby Lee 's eye until the young fed nod . then Red unstrap he holster and move between the car . hendrick where the hell you go ? but Red 's not listen , just walk , long and tall , into the field . ext . field - day butch and Phillip continue to walk , butch hold Phillip 's hand . when butch spot Red approach he slow and then stop . Red show he palm and keep walk toward they . when he get within 25 foot he stop . red I be unarm . toss you gun on the ground . ( continued ) 140 . 225 continued : 225 butch smile . butch if I have a pistola I would be head the other direction . my partner here get rid of the evidence . ( beat ) do I know you , friend ? red no ... not really . butch hmm . well , look I wanna ' talk to the boy and then we will take care of bidness . how 's that ? only take a second . Red nod then look over he shoulder at the patrol car line up like a wagon train , gun aim , Bobby Lee peer through the scope of he rifle . 226 new angle 226 butch and Phillip . butch I wanna ' give ya ' somethin' . 227 ext . roadside - day 227 hendrick he 's stop . adler he 's gonna make a run for it . sally give it a second ! hendrick ( to Bobby Lee ) hold he ! sally ( yell ) let the boy go , butch ! hendrick ( to Bobby Lee ) if he make a move ... 141 . 228 ext . field - day 228 butch kneel down beside Phillip . he reach slowly , pain - fully for he back pocket . butch mebe ' someday you will get to go ... 229 ext . roadside - day 229 hendrick look through the binoc . hendrick he 's goin ' for he weapon ! through binoculars butch reach into he back pocket ... in field Red squint to make out what butch 's reach for . he Pov butch smile as he retrieve the postcard from he pocket . back to scene a look of concern cross Red 's lip ... roadside Sally realize it 's not a gun that butch be reach for . sally noooooo ...!!!! finger on trigger squeeze -- a explosion follow by a ringing echo . in field butch 's chest explode when the bullet hit he . he rock backwards , still on he knee ... and look at Phillip in amazement . Phillip scream , grab butch and hold he up . through crosshair of gun Phillip be obscure a second shot at butch . butch taste blood and sigh . ( continued ) 142 . 229 continued : 229 butch damn , buzz , shot twice in the same day . he collapse and fall into Phillip 's arm . Phillip back away two step and fall to he knee . butch waver for a second then topple on he back . Phillip moan , sob , as he watch butch , the gunshot still echoing . at roadside gladys run from behind the car , follow by a host of officer . hendrick keep everybody back ! Bobby Lee stand , lower he rifle disengage and smile at hendrick . bobby lee no need to worry . he can not hurt nobody now . in field Red stand freeze , stare , in another world . a officer trot up to butch and do a careful ground frisk . officer ( call back ) no weapon , Chief ! Red " come to , " turn and walk toward the ... roadside Red walk up to Bobby Lee , stop and stare at the grin marksman . after a beat , Red turn then nearly jump out of shoe with a sudden right cross that floor the young man . Red start to jump in for more but hendrick , stunne , jump in , grab Red and , join by four other officer , hold the older man back . shout , i.e . " hey , hey , Red , whoa , whoa ! " Red settles a bit . hendrick turn to Bobby Lee who rise to one knee and wipe at a bloody lip , and then to Red who be still breathe hard . hendrick what the hell be that all about ?! red I do not say ' when . ' ( continued ) 143 . 229 continued : ( 2 ) 229 Red turn and walk away . hendrick throw he hat to the ground , kick it and follow Red with he eye ... hendrick ( to no one / everyone ) goddammit !! adler catch up to Red . he stare at he old friend and boss as they walk along . adler I think he have a gun , too , Red . there be just no way of knowin' . Red do not even look at adler , just keep walk . adler stop , he eye follow Red . Sally , nearby , watch Red walk away . phillip be help to he foot by he mother . she hold he dearly to she chest . he hug back just as hard , he blood-stain casper outfit stain she blouse . she unzip the costume and dollar bill fly all around . she start to lead Phillip off but he will not leave until ... he pull the postcard from butch 's hand . closeup - phillip stare down at butch . closeup - butch his eye flutter a bit with recognition . at patrol car Red lean against the car . after a few second Sally walk up and find a spot a few foot down from he where she , too , lean against the car . after a few more second . sally you do everything you could . you know that . Red just stare straight ahead . red I do not know nuthin' . not a damn thing . ( continued ) 144 . 229 continued : ( 3 ) 229 Red reach into he pocket , pull out he tobacco and stuff a chunk into he mouth . in field - closeup - butch he lick he lip as the muffled voice continue around he . he squint hard and see : helicopter as it lift off and speed away . as it wipe the sun ... closeup - butch a slight smile cross he die face as he squint to see Phillip 's flight . closeup - phillip nose press against the glass bubble . butch his eye do not close , still squinted but freeze . closeup - eye we realize now , be lifeless . buzzard continue its flight past the sun . SUN flare , sending the screen to : milky white image that open the film . fade to black . the end