a prayer before dawn written by Jonathan hirschbein base on the book " a prayer before Dawn " by billy Moore February 23 , 2016 " this be a story of one man 's fight against himself , know he would never win but try anyway . every fuck day of it be a war . " - billy Moore 2 . base on a true story 1 int . shack ( thailand ) - night - on a man' hand 1 strong ... raw skin , calluse , with hard scar tissue build - up . knuckle raise and damage ... they unfold a scrap of aluminum foil with a red pill inside it : ` yaba ' ... Southeast Asia 's crack cocaine . Zippo spark beneath the foil -- huge inhale , fume rise and steam a glass pyrex pipe . the man choke back , try to hold the toke . he burp , smoke spurting from he nostril . meet billy moore ... mid - 20' , rugge , handsome , intense . we hear thai voice o.c. , sharp tone . billy move to a wall of rotted wood plank that divide the shack into two " room . " he peer through a crack , sees -- billy Pov : a larger muay thai boxer in he 30' ( eckachai ) . barrel chest , crude . a trainer hold mitt as eckachai snap hard / loud combos of knee / fist . it 's intimidating as hell . billy stare through the crack ... suddenly , a distant crowd roar . a thousand voice fire at once , and we -- smash to : 2 int . ring : slum gym - night - two muay thai boxer 2 -- both twelve year old , be fight in a ring surround by gambler . it 's loud , primal ... a thai promoter , papa ( 50' ) commentate rapid-fire on a mic , he voice echoing over bad speaker as he wife , mama , shout from the crowd ... in the ring , the smaller child boxer , nindam , be on the attack -- body twist , grapple , they tiny fist , knee and shin crash , as -- 3 int . shack - billy 3 get ready . shirt off , he rip build , battle scar ... he pound a cement post with he bare fist . one blow after another , fist then forearm ... slow , dense thud , temper he nerve not to feel , as -- 4 int . ring : slum gym - nindam + opponent 4 be fight , jack -rabbit fast . ringside gambler shove and shout . bet exchange , hand signal flash , odd rise , the violence shocking , as -- 3. 5 int . shack - billy 5 stand , leg apart and brutally slam a 4x4 board against each of he shin ... bruise blossom , shin crack , numbing , again , again and again , and -- 6 int . ring : slum gym - nindam 6 jab opponent , who reel and drop he guard . nindam fire a kick to the jaw ... ... and opponent drop cold . crowd roar . trainers swarm in . the referee lift nindam 's arm in victory . he smile . as nindam exit the ring , two adult thai fighter climb in ... papa intros each , new odd soar . that fast , while -- 7 int . shack - billy 7 pace the room , anxiety rise , a cage beast ... he pause ... drop he short and cup guard , then grip he knee and take several fast , deep breath .... billy ... sopping sweat ... yank up he guard / short ... his hand be shaking as he wrap they in knotted rope ... we hear the SOUND of eckachai leave . billy peek outside the shack , see eckachai and he trainer walk away ... billy smoke more yaba . breathes it deep in he lung . and the door bang OPEN . nindam enter -- billy spin , quick hide he pipe and foil in a gym bag , just in time ; nindam say something in thai , grab a pair of boxing glove and help billy put they on . there 's a feel of urgency , that billy be late . as nindam tie and tape the glove , billy be too high / amp and avoid nindam 's gaze . after , both nod , bump fist . 8 ext . shack - night - follow billy 8 with nindam , hurry together beneath a roaring overpass ... they cross a trash strewn alley line with other shack , slum tenant drink and smoking . a man sit on a bucket hold a chain with a tiny monkey on the end . the monkey wear a plastic doll mask ; 4. two other men quickly carry a bloodied , unconscious fighter on a stretcher , the opposite way ; billy and nindam rush past ... sound of the crowd and music rise ... they enter the slum gym ... papa join they ... 9 int . ring : slum gym - as billy step through the rope 9 with nindam and papa . adrenaline charge ... methamphetamine spike Pov , he dart a look to the crowd : gambler trading fistful of cash . mama rally loudly in thai ... a wire billy turn to eckachai in the opposite corner with he trainer ... the crowd get louder ... louder ... nindam and papa , and trainer exit the ring . a cow-bell ring for round one . billy + eckachai come out fire -- explosive trade , bone -on - bone impact -- through billy heightened sense , we feel the visceral rage -- mid-round , billy see a open and smashes a hook to eckachai 's jaw -- he hit the canvas hard -- crowd roar -- eckachai get up -- billy charge , a wild boar -- two fisted , savage attack to the head and body .... eckachai survive . the bell . 10 int . ring : billy corner - between round - billy 10 sit . papa and nindam , as cornerman , go to work ... but billy 's heart be racing , pulse pounding , too fast -- the drug have zap he energy . as billy inhale several sharp breath , a strange ringing fade in over the follow ... -- gambler ' hand signal , the odd rise ; -- mama watch , concerned ; -- papa and nindam shouting instruction to billy , but he / we can not hear they , only this shrill ringing ... -- eckachai get off he stool , revive and ready ; and the bell for round two . 5 . 11 int . ring - round two - billy 11 storm out , try to put eckachai away -- billy swing heavily , thundering haymaker that miss and miss -- nindam , scream encouragement in thai as -- eckachai avoid , then slam a elbow into billy 's eye , jarring and concussive -- billy stagger , blink , daze ... eckachai unleash a roundhouse kick and billy 's out on impact . billy head bounce off the canvas -- eye flash -- brain stem shocked . sense contort ... he try to get up as the ref count over he . take second , feel like hour . as he sense reconnect ... billy climb to he foot -- but the ref count " sip ! " ( ten ) the fight 's over . the crowd go crazy , impossible to hear , as -- billy protest to the ref , who affirm in thai . billy do not understand . cornermen pour in . ref and billy keep argue . nindam get between they -- ref violently shove nindam away , and -- billy react -- hair trigger fast -- headbutt ref full in the face . ref go down . a nasty cut open above billy 's eye as he kick / stomp the ref with manic , uncontrollable rage -- bouncers / other swarm over billy , forcibly restrain he from kill the ref -- he try fight they too -- now papa force in -- grab billy hard around the neck , yank he close , see the drug in he eye ... and billy know it . billy 's Pov , sees : nindam be cry . sees : the ref writhe on the floor , blood ooze through cup finger . sees : the crowd roaring . all of it , a disaster . hold tight on billy face as the rage ... become remorse ... become self-hatred ... and pain . smash to : 12 ext . bangkok street - night - moving with billy 12 as he walk the crowded street . face bruise , blood dry through a bandage above he eye ... 6. from billy 's drugged Pov , image be kinetic and abstract , a nightmarish kaleidoscope : flash light . psychoactive . multicolor . shadows pass / undulate . stray dog everywhere ... sound be discordant , reverberate : car horn . motorbike . people talk , laugh , shouting ... billy move through it , focus jump , blur . everything pulsing , pound , claustrophobic . 13 int . go - go club : red light district - night 13 Music assault we . bass so heavy , it jar we tooth . we be in a seedy sex playground , under harsh neon light . stripper on stage , on pole , in cage ... most of they high on drug , empty eye , bored . " coyote Girls " in string bikinis , service tourist , all sweat like fiend ... 14 at the bar - billy 14 slam a double - shot of whiskey . he turn and scan the crowd till he spot a young thai girl ... nina , 20' , bikini clad ... give a lap dance to a mid - 60 's customer . to billy , Nina be impossibly beautiful , a angel , a rise . his anger build , as the customer paw Nina 's breast and leg . Nina look up from she customer , and see billy watch she . eye meet ... billy force a smile ... Nina nod to a booth where two young australian men ( 20' ) nervously wait . billy slam another whiskey , then -- 15 int . stall : club bathroom - billy + australian # 1 + # 2 15 be in a stall . the australian stare at billy 's bruise and bloody bandage ... as he count out two packet of 100 yaba , wrap in cling film . australian hand billy cash . billy count , pocket it . give they the pill . then australian # 1 / #2 watch as billy cook up a hit of yaba . foil -- lighter -- smoke -- suck ... a thunderous fucking rush 7. 16 smash to : later - billy 16 work the club ... ... and the sequence build , billy hustling deal ... yaba for cash , deal after deal . get higher with customer . get higher alone , in between shot of whiskey and bump of coke . the music get louder . the action heavier . more narcotic ... 17 bathroom . later 17 a very intoxicate billy throw water on he face . he shadow - box a few punch in front of a filthy mirror ... then stare at he reflection , morosely . 18 int . MAIN floor : go - go club - night - billy 18 look around for Nina . he find she in a corner chat with other girl . the music deafening now -- we can not hear what 's be say as ... billy head over . Nina see he condition and stand up . billy try to talk to she . Nina reject he . billy take she by the arm and pull she close . Nina catch the desperate pain in billy 's eye , and look at he , gravely . billy let Nina go . she hurry off -- 19 later . billy 19 be obliterate , sweat profusely as he walk through the club ... only the hardest sex / drug addict remain . billy 's leg buckle ; he use a wall for support , spark a joint to slow he heart . his distort Pov ..... a stripper slide a cigar from she vagina and pump out smoke ring . Men applaud , hurl cash on stage . billy blink , unsure if he 's hallucinate . 20 dance floor . later 20 billy dance , alone , trancelike . releasing himself from himself . everything rise to a fever pitch . then , without warning ... SOUND cut out ... and billy start to weep . over this long , very lonely silence ; a strange thumping begin , quietly , that carry we into .... 8. 21 int . billy apartment - pre dawn - billy 21 sit in a chair , nude , he back to we . billy be , by now , paralytic . mouth open , head tilt back , like a corpse ... the strange and dull thumping build , like a mute heart beat ... boom ... boom ... boom ... billy mumble , incoherent . eye roll back , the drug cocoon he in a blissful isolation from all else . the thumping , louder now ... boom ... boom ... boom ... billy 's eye start to flutter . tries to open they : can not . suddenly , loud / startling ... boom !! boom !! boom !! boom !! boom !! billy snap alert -- turn to the door . someone 's banging on it from the other side ; then , loud voice begin shout in thai ... billy peer through the peep-hole : sees 4 thai cop , gun out . he spin , look at he table -- it 's full of EIGHT yaba packet , burn match , a pipe . he look at he desk -- it 's cover with weapon : a colt .45 , machete , a stun gun , knuckle duster , a pile of cell phone / sim card , and a samurai sword . fuck . police bang away at the door -- billy quickly grab a few yaba packet and force they up he ass -- painfully as -- police keep shout / knocking violently -- billy start to eat the other yaba packet : six of they . the cop kick the door . the slide lock hold it shut ; barely . billy choke down the last packet dry . hack , swallows -- another kick . the lock be about to give . while pull on clothes , billy take a fall , get up , as -- 9. door break OPEN -- nearly off it's hinges . cop stampede in and roughly throw billy to the ground -- they cuff he , search he . gun at he head , a foot on he neck , all shout in thai -- cop # 1 + # 2 inspect billy 's arsenal , chatter fast , as cop # 3 + # 4 find twin syringe in a pie tin on the stove . they immediately search for drug : rip open cabinet , rifling drawer , kick out panel , trash everything they touch ... on billy , terrify , sweat . CUT to : 22 int . stairwell : apt build - pre dawn - billy 22 be daze , he cut reopen , bleed down he face and t-shirt as the cop walk he downstairs in handcuffs ... they slow for a moment , pass the reception desk ... where the manager sit , stare at billy in horror . billy look away in shame . they force he outside to ... 23 ext . CITY STREET - pre dawn 23 ...a wait police pickup truck . billy be shove in the back of the truck , like a animal . and as they drive away , the first streak of dawn light the horizon over bangkok ... 24 i/e. police pickup ( traveling ) - pre dawn - billy 24 in back . a police motorbike follow , headlight glaring bright . billy watch as various bangkok strata go past ... empty street . Markets open . vendor and shop . the city waking , come to life . title : a prayer before dawn CUT to : 25 int . interrogation room : police station - dawn - billy 25 we slam in mid-scene . billy -- sweat , nervous , hand cuffed behind he back , sit in this room -- as five thai cop be all scream in thai at billy . all the weapon and phone from he apartment be spread across a desk , along with he passport ... billy be terrify , do not know what 's be say . 10 . then , first officer slam down a document before billy : it 's write in thai . first officer you sign , to ! cop # 1 roughly uncuff billy , shove a pen in he hand . billy I can not read thai . first officer sign ! billy , scared , shake he head " no . " first officer -- sign ! the cop all shout again in thai . voice argue , overlapping , getting angrier , scarier . it go on and on and on ... billy freeze . until : billy ( erupt ; top of he lung ) get I the embassy !! get I the fucking embassy !!! beat ... thick silence . billy ay ?! first Officer smug . he smoke a cigarette . first officer ( be : the weapon + phone ) you steal , to . billy I buy that . first officer drug dealer . billy no . first officer -- yaba : death for you . billy no ...fuck no . 11 . first Officer glance -- cop # 1 , lighten fast , yank billy to he foot . first Officer grab the knuckle duster off the desk and slam a vicious punch to billy 's sternum . billy lose wind , vomit / pill tunneling up he throat -- he retch violently , gag it back ; first Officer and cop watch , wait like vulture ..... billy slump in he chair , tremble hard , about to puke . first Officer slide the confession + pen to billy , closer ... first officer for the weapon and phone . billy ( can barely speak ) ... the embassy ... first officer ( grin ) they no help you . first Officer pick up the knuckle duster again ; billy sign . CUT to : 26 int . holding tank : police station - after - billy 26 be shove inside by cop . the cell be small , dark and foul , fill with 30 or so other sweat body . billy pace intensely , anxiety in he eye . he wait for the cop to vanish down a hall . then ... ... billy turn around and vomit . yaba packet hit the floor , plastic burn by intestinal acid . billy drop to he knee , anxiously dig through chunks and fluid to find the yaba pill . a few other in the cell take notice : addict , sweat , scratch ... they hungrily move toward he ... billy quickly start to eat the pill . he look up , see the addict stand over he . threaten tension hang . billy move back . the addict swoop in , devour the rest of he pill like wolf . 12 . billy watch , helpless . CUT to : 27 i/e. cage prison bus ( moving ) - a week later - billy 27 ride , cramme among prisoner . he 's have acute withdrawals . sweat soak , in a lot of pain . even sunlight hurt . 28 ext . prison - day - as the prison bus arrive 28 Gates open , revealing the compound ... High concrete wall and barb electric fence . loom guard tower at interval . the bus lurch forward , rumbling through the gate ... guard approach with shotguns and cattle prods . the door jerk open : prisoner disembark , all in chain , billy among they ... he gaze around , swallow by the prison . 29 int . receiving block - day - billy + prisoner 29 be herde in . it 's dim , narrow . Guards unlock the shackle ; chain drop , rattling to the floor ... Guards bark order in thai and the prisoner shed they clothes , lining up for cursory exam -- mouth , ear , foot , ball , armpit , ass ... billy watch , repulse , as a skinny guard wear a latex glove , use the same finger for each exam , without sterilizing . suddenly a muffle thai ring - tone play from somewhere . it ring , ring and ring ... Guards look around . prisoner / billy be still . no one move . the ring - tone keep play . then , skinny Guard look at a naked thai ( nok , 20 ) and order he to step forward . he squat , cough ... and a cell phone drop out . the name of the income caller : " Mom " ( in thai ) cue by skinny Guard 's look , a bull guard lash out , baton across nok 's jaw , splaying it open . he go down in a heap , gash gush red , defenseless . billy stare in shock as bull Guard hail a series of blow , baton beat nok hard ... the room go dead silent . bull Guard walk away , leave nok a motionless pulp ... skinny Guard say something in thai ... billy step up . mouth , ear , foot , ball , armpit , ass -- demean . 13 . guard # 1 hand billy he clothes . as he put they on , guard # 1 extract a switchblade and cut billy 's pants into short . 30 int . receiving block ( end of the line ) - after - billy 30 be seat on the floor ... he 's dopesick , scared , and look it . other thais sit with he , cross -legge , not look up . now : officer pi sit step in , lowering he head to get through the door . Chief of guard . 50 , large , impose . without a doubt , the man in charge . he motion billy to stand . billy do , stare dead ahead , nervous , shaking ... not meeting Officer pi sit 's stare . officer pi sit chi yeng yeng ... ( keep cool heart . ) Officer pi sit tap billy 's chest lightly . and again : officer pi sit chi yeng yeng ... ( keep cool heart . ) billy I do not speak thai . Officer pi sit take a clipboard and pen from Guard # 1 . officer pi sit ( read - - ) wi ... will-iam ... William ... billy William Moore . officer pi sit ( read in thai - - ) luck sap. ( steal goods ) beat . officer pi sit Age ? billy twenty -six . officer pi sit faith ? billy none . officer pi sit country ? 14 . billy UK . Liverpool . officer pi sit you have family ? billy no ... officer pi sit anyone to send you money ? billy no one . beat . officer pi sit have criminal record ? billy not here . beat . officer pi sit how long in Thailand ? billy six month . officer pi sit ( be : the sentence ) now , could be ten year . billy 's dead silent . officer pi sit have job in Thailand , will - iam Moore ? billy ... I teach English part-time . but I be a boxer ... Officer pi sit look at billy : eye red , nose drip , dry blood cake on he t-shirt and face . officer pi sit professional ? billy ... I fight for tip . 15 . Officer pi sit walk away , leave billy with he trouble . CUT abrupt to : 31 mug shot of billy : Left , right , center . holding a thai 31 slate . billy be fingerprinted . billy be weigh on a scale . photo flash : billy 's scar , of which there 's many . 32 int . trustee cage - that moment - on the camera 32 a visage rise up from behind it : burmese , 30' , hawk - like feature ... meet elyias . dress in a clean blue - T / blue short , id around he neck on a silver chain . elyias be a ` trustee . ' as he photo a sickly billy , elyias see old track mark between billy 's scar knuckle . elyias can make pain go `way ... billy ... elyias I name elyias . you sick , yes ? billy nod , in great pain ... ... elyias reach into the seam of he short , pull out a small object and discreetly slip it into billy 's hand : 50 mge of white powder seal in a 1 / 4 straw , burn at both end . elyias heroin . good medicine . billy hesitates . then he quickly bite the top off the straw , snort the heroin , and -- CUT to : 33 I /e. various chamber + area - day / late day 33 a series of scene . billy high on heroin , as -- 1 . get he scalp shave by a prison barber . 34 2 . bath at a filthy trough , among prisoner . billy wash 34 the blood from he face . 16 . 35 3 . wait in line to piss / shit in open-air toilet . 35 36 4 . eat with prisoner , rice and soup , on the canteen 36 floor . billy stir he soup : a raw chicken head rise . 37 int . build six - night - billy 37 be take by guard # 2 through corridor that twist and turn . a series of steel gate and barred door be unlock and lock again as they pass . the feel be endless , unsettle . they finally arrive at -- 38 int . newcomer cell - night - billy + guard # 2 38 it 's jam pack with over 70 thai prisoner on threadbare blanket , inch apart ... they clothes tatter , some with blood -stain bandage , some in shackle . the chatter be loud , incessant . stench , unbearable . fly and mosquito ... like a mass grave . billy enter , nervous ... the cell become very quiet . Guard # 2 bark something in thai and force billy along . he try to keep a brave face as all the prisoner stare at he ... seat on a blanket be tiffany , a Lady -boy in he 20' , long hair , unshaven , scabbed lip , fake tit , penis bulg under loosen short , and a t-shirt with / slogan : " no money , no honey " nearby : a body lie on a damp , stain mattress . insect feed on open wound . a shirt cover he face . Guard # 2 point billy to the hard cement floor , between Tiffany and the corpse . billy I will sit somewhere else . Guard # 2 shout in thai . billy no , somewhere else ... ( gesture desperately , hope Guard # 2 understand --) I will sit over there . Guard # 2 shout louder now . billy -- be you off you fuckin ' nut ? he 's dead . Guard # 2 throw billy down hard to the floor , walk away . 17 . tiffany ( be : the dead body ) no worry . tomorrow he go . many , many happy . billy try to get situate , inch from the corpse . tiffany I name Tiffany . billy just glare : it 's deadly . tiffany relax . I no like farang . cock too big . Tiffany look billy over . tiffany you get nice eye . billy ( sharp ) -- keep fuckin ' back ! and tuck that tackle in or I will fuckin ' rip it off . Tiffany shrug , button she short . then , she slide out a pack of cigarettes . tiffany you like smokey ? billy hesitates , then snatch the cigarette . Tiffany smile , light it for he . billy take a long , deep drag ... a awkward beat : billy thanks ... you speak good English . tiffany I speak nit -noy . I speak a little bit . a naked indian prisoner with a orange turban run past , scream : " I have GOD power ! I have GOD power ! " billy ( to Tiffany , be : the corpse ) so what happen to he ? 18 . tiffany who know ? just die , maybe two hour . you want he bed ? all yours . billy ( fuck no ) what about a pillow ? blanket ? some fuckin ' food I can eat ...? tiffany need money . five hundred baht : Lady - Boy sew you blanket . prison shop sell food . all inmate work for guard or other inmate to survive . no money ? you die -- ( the corpse ) -- like he . and a loud whistle blows . tiffany sleep now , no more talk ... billy lie back , stare miserably up at the light that will stay on all night ... he then see a security camera pan / zoom onto he ... ceil fan rattle and whir . thousands of insect buzz in the air ... louder , louder , violent crescendo , then -- billy shut he eye . CUT to black , hold , then : 39 CUT hard to : 39 guard loudly drag they baton along the bar of each cell , one cell after the next ... billy bolt awake , look around , disorient . it 's morning ; 40 int . newcomer cell - morning - billy 40 and prisoner sit in row for head count . each shout a number in thai , neung , song , Sam , etc ... it stop on billy ; Guard # 1 look up from he clipboard , shout thai at billy . billy do not understand . all eye on he . guard # 1 ( angrier ) farang , number you ! 19 . billy six ? guard # 1 in thai ! billy I do not know ... guard # 1 hok ! billy hok . guard # 1 hok !! billy hok !! Count resume : other shout . Guard # 1 write it down . billy watch as two trustees enter to remove the corpse , now black with rigor mortis . billy quickly snatch the corpse 's blanket , as they carry he away . prisoner roll up they blanket . billy do the same . 41 timecut . Water begin pump from a black pipe and fill up 41 a plastic barrel . billy watch as other prisoner quickly grab large , plastic lemonade bottle from a pile in the corner and fill they up with water . billy , still sit there , hear someone giggle ... he look over to see a mentally retarded thai inmate , filthy , in moldy flip -flops , ( noi , 19 ) watch he ... laugh . noi be the only other prisoner not try to get water . now , billy get up and hurry in to get water . it 's rowdy , chaotic : numerous prisoner all yell in thai , force they way in to fill up they bottle . billy gesture / talk . no one understand he . billy finally manage to fill up three bottle for himself . 42 ext . troughs - morning - billy 42 in line among prisoner . billy struggle to hold / carry he bottle of water . one be leak . he try to cover the hole . two thai prisoner in they underwear , leave the trough , bump into billy ... and he drop all he water . 20 . billy hold in he frustration ... barely . 43 int . canteen - morning - billy 43 and prisoner be feed breakfast . Rice and soup ( fish skeleton with only the head attach ) . billy force it down . 44 ext . OPEN - AIR toilet area - morning , after - billy 44 in line , look nauseous . he wait , and wait ... it 's finally he turn . he run into the stall and vomit . CUT to : 45 ext . corridor - day , later - billy 45 walk down this long corridor alone , then head out a door ... 46 ext . the courtyard - wide - with billy 46 ... into the chaos and cacophony of the MAIN yard , a strange world overflow with body : all sell , eat , thieve , drugging , betting , fight and fuck . makeshift shop and stand throughout : thai massage , a barber , laundry , food , craft , flavor water on ice for sale . static , thai music drone over speaker ... prisoner in shackle play tackle football , argue and fight . some be in group ( North and South thai gang ) , gambling and hawk ware . Lady boy on the prowl . a human piranha tank . above it all , guard watch from the two-story cell block and surround tower . on billy -- take it in ... unshaven lady boy yoo-hoo , farang ! ( off billy 's look ) you want fuck arse I ? the unshaven Lady - Boy lift up she top to show giant , fake breast . billy ignore . billy notice a few westerner together : Australian and arab . they look at billy ... billy stare they down . then ; billy Pov -- across the yard ... amidst it all , he spot who he 's be look for : elyias . 21 . as billy approach ... he see elyias with trustees # 1 + # 2 in a heat argument with three muslims . it 's loud , threaten , lot of shove , shouting in thai . billy stand back , watch . the Muslims storm away . elyias turn ... see billy , who discreetly gesture with he hand what he need ... 47 e/i. prison locker area - day - billy 47 follow elyias through a gate , into the hangar- like structure . it 's dim , red bulb hang , row upon row of locker . elyias signal billy to wait , then disappear into the shadow . hold on billy alone . nervous . above he , Guards loom on balcony . they eye billy , then move on ... billy wait and wait ... it 's intense and unnerve . feel like forever . he decide to leave -- when elyias suddenly return with trustees # 1 + # 2 . billy look at they , ill at ease . then , elyias slip billy a lighter , gum foil , and yaba pill . as trustees # 1 + # 2 stand watch , billy light up , cook the drug . thick smoke rise ... billy hard inhales , and -- smash to : 48 ext . prison courtyard - day , after - prisoner 48 a fist - fight break out among prisoner . then another . someone get stomped . other prisoner crowd around and gamble on who will win . billy be alone , motionless and drugge . we see what / how he sees ... the nude indian prisoner in the turban run past , yell , " I have GOD power ! I have GOD power !... " a blind prisoner with a stick ... a old man in a break wheelchair ... another prisoner with no legs on a wooden board with tiny wheel pull himself along ... a few prisoner be publicly punish , jogging in chain in the scorching heat ... the indian scurries onto a low divider lace with barbed wire . guard shout at he to get down . the indian keep move / yell " I have GOD power , " then jump for the main wall -- hit the electric fence -- instantly fry . " God power " go . 22 . the Guards cut the indian down . billy just stare , over- fuck - whelmed . then , a strange calm wash over he ... as if feel the indian be now free . 49 int . newcomer cell - pre dawn - billy 49 lie awake , depressed . fluorescent blaze , humidity hang . he look around at the other prisoner , inch apart . billy Pov : some be asleep . most in bad health : open sore , disease . Tiffany snore beside he . one prisoner mumble to himself , incoherent . another cry quietly , he foot badly infect with gangrene . a third prisoner make a crude weapon out of a spoon . a older prisoner sit on the toilet step , whistle around he neck , on suicide watch . he just stare at billy , say nothing ... on billy . alone . in the distance , faintly rise , we hear atonal chanting . the Islamic call to prayer . it drone , hypnotic , a hundred voice bypass the prison wall ... " allahu akbar , allahu akba , ash-hadu anla ilaha illah Allah , " on and on . billy rise , drape a wet rag over he head , then move to the bar and listen ... CUT to : 50 int . newcomer cell - day later - prisoner 50 do morning head - count for Guard # 2 . when the count reach billy , he yell " nok ! " and the count keep go ... 51 int . newcomer cell - day - billy 51 sit on he blanket . sweating , nauseous . leg bounce rapid . the itch to get high ... tries to fight it . he look at the nail on he thumb . start to bite it . he begin to tear it off with he tooth . he rip it completely off and spit it on the floor . his thumb be tear and bleed . billy just stare at it . 23 . he hear someone laugh . billy look over to see noi , the mentally retarded inmate ... laugh at he again . then , billy burst out the door . 52 int . prison locker area - day - as a lighter 52 spark , a yaba pill boil ... and billy inhale full blast . trustee 's # 1 + # 2 keep watch . then , elyias : elyias yaba ... Tiger . horse . more you use , more you need ... billy , in some otherworldy place . billy the fuck be you on about ? elyias now time , you pay I . billy ( slow , high ) ... I will pay when I can . elyias must pay now . no money , you pay other way ... as billy and elyias move out to the yard they / we see a distant group of muslims ... chanting in Muslim prayer , use newspaper for prayer mat : " allahu akbar , allahu , aakbar ... " elyias Muslims . bad for business ... you , boxer -- boom boom they . elyias pound a fist into he hand . billy I do not do that . fuck off . elyias then I sell you debt to supplier : " the samurai . " billy follow he gaze to a gang of six thai in a nearby section of the yard . predatory , junkie-thin , full tattooe . the leader , keng , face tattooe , hold court . 24 . elyias HIV , aids , all they ... ( off billy 's look ) syringe be sword . buy drug and you no pay ? give aids to you ... Hidden by the rest , a young samurai sit in the dirt ... a full skeletal structure tattooe on he hand . he use a strange , crooked knife to deeply carve / scar he own arm . he look at billy . eye meet . billy look away . elyias Choice yours . as billy stand there , on the edge of a precipice .... 53 int . prison kitchen : build six - late day - three muslims 53 busily work the stove . steam and flame rise in the dark as they cook . malaysian music play low on a radio . they talk in good spirit ( ad lib ) . the oldest muslim fill a large bowl with food and leave to feed the other . muslims # 1 + # 2 talk / cook . one make a joke , the other laugh ... then , someone ( o.c. ) turn the radio up , loud . the Muslims stop , turn ... billy stand there . stark still . a pain in he eye : self hatred , remorse . then , he rapid breathe induce a rage , rising ... the Muslims furrow they brow . a split-second heartbeat ... just one ; and billy attack . maniacal violence . so fast , so shockingly brutal it 's hard to watch . malaysian music blare , drown out the Muslims ' scream . billy destroy they both ... till the Muslims lie there , barely breathe , bloody , crippled pulp . 54 moment after - billy hand 54 be blood cover . he run water in a sink , fill up a bucket , and sink he hand into it . the water turn red . billy stare at it . Silent and tense . CUT to : 55 int . newcomer cell - pre dawn - billy 55 lie awake , under a white sheet . empty , sick , defeat . nowhere to turn . nothing to hope for . 25 . one prisoner on watch ; everyone else asleep . hold on billy .... stare up at the security camera , he sheet pull to he chin . he glance at Tiffany , asleep nearby . it 's very tense , very quiet ... prisoner on watch look around . then , billy make the tiniest flinch . and we see something dark -- move ... a spot of blood form on the sheet . then another ... and another ... all they pooling out until the sheet be soaked with blood . under the sheet : billy be cutting himself with the crude spoon we saw earlier . cutting deep . cutting everywhere . flooding with self-hatred . billy hold in tear ; suddenly , fear set in . instant regret and panic . billy throw the sheet off ... it 's a horrific sight ... his arm and leg and stomach open and bleed . billy drop the spoon by the inmate he steal it from , waking and startling he . nearby , Tiffany wake up too , shocked as -- billy stagger toward the bar ... wound pump blood , air leave he ... everyone begin chatter , incessant thai ; the prisoner on watch loudly blow he whistle . again and again . billy grip the bar ... blood and drool and foam in he mouth , he sputter , no word ... billy hel -- hel -- I , I need -- billy , scared , lose -- rear up , scream --- billy heeeeellllllllllppppppp !!!!! black . 56 int . prison infirmary - day later - billy 56 lie still and bandage in a bed . other patient in bed : aids - ride , organ fail , runaway sepsis . one can not stop shaking . we be in death 's wait room . billy just lie there . grave emotion . he quietly break down , ... then wipe the tear away . 26 . 57 ext . prison courtyard - late day - billy 57 be walk by two Guards past the entire inmate population ( 500 ) , gather in the yard for head - count . all eye on billy . humiliate . Officer pi sit watch from a distant balcony as the Guards lead billy toward a tiny cell , build beneath the prison staircase -- and that be ... 58 int . the isolation cell 58 no bed or sink . just a bucket for a toilet . paint peel in scab off the ceiling , only three - foot high . porno mag photo be stick to a wall , among dozen of marking from previous prisoner count down day . billy grip the bar , on he knee , stare across the yard . the whistle blows and all prisoner return to they cell . Officer pi sit return to he office . we hold on billy for the longest time ... alone with the empty courtyard . only a large buddha statue remain ; incense and candle burn , it 's solemn face stare at billy . billy stare back . and as the sun start to dip ... in the distance , two guard exit a cell , follow by a group of men ... well build , full tattooe , shackle and chain ... gym bag in hand and boxing glove tie around they shoulder . the boxer and Guards go past , not look at billy ... billy watch they go . forlorn . numb . CUT to : 59 int . sector 5 : corridor - day - billy 59 day have pass . billy -- bearded , filthy -- and three thai inmate be lead down a corridor . 60 int . sector 5 cell - day - billy , thai # 1 , # 2 + # 3 60 enter this huge , crowded cell , deem maximum security . Guards slam the bar behind they . it 's dark , foul . wet clothes hang on line . bottle of murky fluid . it 's a samurai cell . Wall - to - wall pack with inmate , tattooe from head - to - toe , many in shackle . surveillance camera ... the air itself be dangerous . 27 . billy and the three thai inmate stand before the " cell boss , " we see in the yard : keng . he sharply bark the rule in thai . billy 's quiet , do not like the tone . a few samurai laugh . as billy look for a space to sit , one samurai get up ... kiaw ( 30 , thai , body and lip tattooe , wear shackle ) . he shout in thai at a sleep samurai , " bie ! " ( move ! ) then kick he hard in the rib to make room for billy . then kiaw look at billy and smile ... kiaw okay , farang . you sleep here . billy sit . kiaw I be kiaw . billy billy . kiaw ( smile ) I hear of you ... billy yeah , what would you hear ? kiaw that you crazy foreigner . farang , ba . I like that . kiaw friend to you ... sudden commotion . everyone talking . billy look up to see the three thai inmate he come in with be clutching the cell bar as samurai take turn kick they from behind . kiaw initiation ... not for westerner . when it 's over , the three thais celebrate . samurai embrace they . billy watch , feel oddly reject . CUT to : 61 ext . shower area - morning - billy + kiaw 61 wait in a long cue of prisoner lead up to the trough . when it 's they turn : five cup water , ten second soap , four cup water ; next prisoner 's turn . 28 . after , billy and kiaw shave , use dull razor and share a small plastic bowl of water . kiaw give billy a clean t-shirt . billy put it on . CUT to : 62 ext . laundry area : prison courtyard - day - a sea of white 62 linen sheet , clipped to line , undulate in the breeze . go behind it to reveal : small cluster of junkie prisoner , use makeshift rig out of bic pen to boot heroin . billy watch , nervous and horrify as kiaw build a " syringe " : take apart a bic pen , then use a lighter to burn / melt one end of the stem around a needle ; as kiaw break open a straw of heroin and mix it with water in a bottle cap ... kiaw suck the heroin mix up through the " syringe , " then force the needle into he vein , and blow the heroin in ; billy be shocked . kiaw now you . billy fuck that . kiaw best high like this . billy , ill at ease , contemplate , then .... ....we hear a distant chorus of SOUND , in the distance : rhythmic pounding , chain jangling , rope whirring ... it get billy 's attention ... he 's unsure what it be ; 63 ext . prison courtyard - right after - with billy 63 as he start through the yard ... he move through the chaos , not say a word ... the sound get louder as we get closer , billy follow it ... draw to it , now arrive at ... 29 . 64 a prison boxing gym 64 billy enter ... its cage enclose , decrepit , yet full to burst with muay thai boxer at work : skipping rope , pounding bag ( two on each bag alternate kick ) , hammering mitt and pad , sparring and shadowboxing -- a great machine of perpetual violence . a desk guard sit , read a newspaper . billy face as he edge forward , transfix . everything that 's happen writ deep in he eye . everything he do wrong . all he will never become . wound and frighten by the abundance of strength around he ... the boxer be aware of he now . they stop training . and billy freeze . the boxer stare at he . every one of they , dangerous . billy stare back . scary silence . and just like that .... a angry thai man spring into frame , startling US -- shove billy back and shout aggressively in thai -- billy ( stumbling backwards ) -- I be sorry ... sorry , I do not -- the man ( nan , 40' ) keep shouting / drive billy out -- billy wait , I be a fighter ! i'm a fighter !! a lightening fast shove and billy 's balance go -- he fall completely out of the gym , land on he back , on cement . nan yank the gate shut . lock it with a SNAP . billy look at he , dumbstruck . nan stare through the gate , smoking a cigarette . then turn , disappear into the gym . off billy . mad. stung. confused . Roaring sound of the gym resume , and we CUT to -- 65 ext . prison courtyard - another day - billy 65 sit alone , head in hand , feel sick . other prisoner ignore he . 30 . a Guard loom on a balcony . billy wipe sweat , stand and gesture to he : billy I need a doctor . 66 int . prison infirmary - day - dozen of prisoner 66 line up to a medical hatch , where trustee # 3 hand out little cup of pill , with little cup of water . other trustees mill . billy , among the queue , ill , say to anyone in line -- billy what be they knock out up there ? in front of billy , a enormous nigerian inmate answer -- nigerian tramadol . good for pain . billy yeah ? it 's enough to do damage ? nigerian not like dilaudid or roxinol . but good enough . billy ( slight laugh ) I be billy Moore . what 's you name ? nigerian Black dildo . billy " Black dildo - - ? " get a Christian name , have not you ? black dildo ( nigerian ) God name I this . I be Black dildo . billy well you know you painkiller , Black dildo . how much they charge for it ? Black dildo regards billy . he do not look well . black dildo free to all . help get prisoner clean . billy nod ; 31 . Black dildo reach the hatch . trustee # 3 hand he a cup . Black dildo swallow he pill , then water . billy 's turn ... trustee # 3 hand he a cup : it 's empty . billy where 's I pill ? trustee # 3 you pay . billy " pay ? " the hell you mean ? it 's free , be not it ? trustee # 3 you , farang . pay five pack cigarette . billy -- what ?! prisoner in line grumble , get impatient . another trustee # 4 approach ... so do Black dildo ; black dildo come back tomorrow . you no want trouble here . billy no , no . it 's alright , dildo . I get this ... the situation be now very dangerous . billy , a volcano of violence , be about to erupt . billy now look , you lil ' fuckin ' cunt -- there 's people waitin ' here ... I do not want no trouble , so play fuckin ' nice and give I my pill . trustee # 4 shout something in thai . billy what would he say ? trustee # 3 no pill for you ! billy I need this pill -- trustee # 4 shout in thai again . 32 . trustee # 3 -- he say you go now ! billy , rattlesnake strike , grab trustee # 3's head and slam it into the wall -- plaster split -- startling we . billy snap a hard right - leave across # 3 's snout , blood spray . and all hell break loose . prisoner yell and scatter . trustee # 3 scream , cup he nose , gush . trustee # 4 and another , # 5 , grapple with billy . billy ( to trustees ) get off ! get fuckin ' off I ! billy break loose and sink he teeth into # '' throat . blood spurt , # 4 howl . billy bite down even harder . even by he own brutal standard , it 's shocking . trustee # 5 chop away at billy 's head , who take the pain . trustee # 4 collapse . billy hurl trustee # 5 to the floor . a whistle blow in the distance . blood be everywhere : on billy 's clothes / face / mouth . he look at the injure trustees , smile bloody tooth , craze and raise both middle finger . billy Three on one , shitbag ! Black dildo grab billy and restrain he in a rear / jaw headlock . black dildo stop ! calm down ! no more ! billy , strain with anger , in Black dildo 's grip . a dozen more trustees arrive with baton shouting in thai . billy okay ! alright , dildo . I be calm . I be calm down . the trustees with baton look at the trustees that be injure . they see the blood , then the bite mark . trustee # 6 turn to billy and grin . trustee # 6 hey , farang . you no good boxer . fight very bad . 33. billy , adrenaline surge at the insult -- scream and break loose again , charge trustee # 6 . the other trustees knock billy down with they baton and bury he . 67 ext . control section - after - on the door 67 it slam open . two trustees throw billy on he face , like a sack of raw meat . trustees go back inside ... billy roll to he back , leave a blood mask on the ground . billy lie there ... bloody and swollen . eye , purple slit . the sun beat down on he , fly nip at he , barely able to breathe ... then , a young woman approach , block out the sun . early 20' . a paige - boy hair cut . we see she in silhouette ... billy ( barely a whisper ) ...help I ... the woman gently dab billy 's wound with a wet rag , clean the blood . when she lean closer , she face come into light . her name be jom . and she 's a man ... in bright red lipstick . jom you okay ? billy be not . jom face look very bad . billy blink . jom no worry now . I name jom . I help you . jom sit billy up , continue to nurse he . after a moment , she help billy get to he foot . billy hold onto jom for support ... step -by-painful-step , slowly make they way toward a loom admin . build in the center of this fence - in compound . suddenly guard # 1 and # 2 arrive , and shout at jom in thai . jom shout back . argue ensue . she 's protect billy . 34 . Guards roughly grab jom and throw she aside . billy collapse again . 68 int . admin build : chain room - day , later - as a hammer 68 swing down onto a iron cuff , around billy 's ankle . widen . and billy 's leg be set on a anvil . a blacksmith hammer a bolt through the clasp . Officer pi sit stand by with the Guards . blacksmith hammer another cuff around billy 's ankle , then run two enormous 6 kg chain between shackle ... billy stand , bound , shackle ... he swollen eye , defiant . Officer pi sit signal to the Guards and blacksmith to leave . then , Officer pi sit exhales heavily , glare at billy ... officer pi sit why be you so fuck up ? billy say nothing , inwardly tense . officer pi sit disappoint I , William Moore . fight like mad dog , no good . must be same - same like buddha . billy be silent . Officer pi sit slowly circle he ... officer pi sit you say you be " boxer . " billy ( defiant ) be you sayin ' I be not ? officer pi sit why you need drug ? billy who say I " need " it ? pi sit stop . stare . cold . billy stand there . all he failure , like shrapnel , move through he heart ... 35 . billy ( concede , honest ) -- I have get a lot of bad shit in I head ... I do not want to think about . ( beat ) when I use , I do not hear it . pi sit look at billy : see the hard mile in he eye . the pain in he voice . officer pi sit if you want fight , you should fight in the ring . but you must deserve it . billy be silent ; officer pi sit behave , William Moore . chi yeng yeng ... and maybe real fighter can teach you something . billy ... I can not box with chain on ... officer pi sit for three month , get use to it . 69 ext . control section - hour later - billy 69 wait alone , chain and shackle , seat against a wall . in the b.g. , two lady - boy ( may and char ) give massage to a pair of Guards on a shade veranda of the admin. buid . now , jom approach billy ... jom so you like fight ? billy be quiet , morose . jom -- Officer pi sit , good man . he protect we . ( lean in close to billy ) and now , he try and protect you ... billy be silent . he touch he lip : it still bleed . jom here , I feel safe . I go outside compound , -- danger ! ( more ) 36 . jom ( cont 'd ) four thousand man want boom boom I ...' cause I have pussy . be real girl ... a beat . billy just stare at she , unsure what to say . jom I spend next thirty - five year of my life here ... very much afraid . ( beat ) I have boyfriend , say he love I . then he lie and cheat , and I slit he throat when he beat I . billy be silent . jom ( smile ) do you have girlfriend in prison ? just then , two trustees arrive to escort billy from the compound . he struggle to rise , chain rattling ... glance back once at jom as he leave ... 70 ext . prison courtyard - day , later - billy 70 walk with great difficulty through the yard , flanke by trustees . the iron cuff cut into billy 's ankle ... step by step ... a few samurai hang around ... billy keep walk . 71 int . sector 5 cell - late night - billy + kiaw 71 face to face , both high , smoking heroin , lie under blanket to avoid be see by Guards . the effect of the drug hit billy hard . he crawl out of the blanket amidst a plume of smoke . slump back against a wall , sweat , heart pound , eye / lung burn ... thru billy 's haze he / we see / hear ... a thai pop-music video play on a small tv , seal to the wall ... fan whirring ... kiaw 's lighter sparking under a blanket ... smoke and heat rise ... then , cell boss , keng , sit up and signal to other samurai . one by one , three then four then five get up , and quietly scale over other prisoner sleep ... make they way toward the Young thai inmate ( we see initiate earlier ) . 37 . billy stare , unsure what 's happen . suddenly , keng and five samurai throw themselves onto the Young thai , cover he mouth and rape he . billy try to move . can not . the attack 's silent . terrify , aids infect . the thai pop -song keep play ... 72 ext . outdoor kitchen : prison courtyard - morning - cook 72 crack egg , scramble , pour , flip and fold they . the stove be electric . prisoner wait in line for omelet , then move to a gallery of lawn chair and eat . billy + kiaw sit on bucket , use toothbrush to scrub they ankle beneath they shackle . they eye be hollow , black circle from week of abuse . track mark visible . billy scrub roughly ... his ankle start to bleed . he keep scrubbing . suddenly the sound of hundred of prisoner whistling , make cat -call in thai . billy and kiaw look up -- jom -- in a long wig and makeup -- be be escort through the yard by trustees . she swing she hip with exaggerated sexiness , like a peacock flaunt it 's feather . billy be surprised at how attractive she look . jom see billy , wave and call out to he : jom hey , farang ba ! you think I beautiful ? billy just watch . no word . jom enter a shop with a encage window for protection . the trustees lock she in . ready for business ... 73 ext . prison shop area : courtyard - day - billy 73 be try to find cigarettes from one of the shop and stand . it 's loud , unruly : dozen of prisoner all bargain , argue , shove at once . billy gesture over the noise . every shop owner refuse he . angle , jom behind the counter of a cage - in shop . she 's sell cigarettes , toiletry , coffee , homemade Valentine card , etc , along with May and char . 38 . deep in the crowd , jom see billy -- frustrated , vulnerable . billy notice jom watch , and work he way toward she . jom ( smile , flirtatious ) hello . how I can help you ? billy , get bump on all side , try to hold ground . billy ... cigarettes ... jom five dollar . billy ( pause , low ) can I buy `em on credit ? jom look at he . billy ( lie ) -- I be expect some cash from I mum . jom regards he , then open she account book . billy William Moore . jom I know ... she write down billy 's name with a baht amount . jom I give you fifty dollar credit . pay I back when you can ? billy nod , embarrassed . jom slide he a carton of cigarettes . billy ( pause , then ) -- I never thank you for fixin ' I head . so ... billy nod " thanks . " jom you want , I can be you sexy girlfriend ... 39 . billy 's uncomfortable . very uncomfortable . so jom just smile and then he leave . jom watch he go . 74 ext . sector 5 cell - night - billy 74 and a thin samurai trade cigarettes for straw of heroin . 75 later - billy 75 be hunch under a blanket . he cut two line of heroin on a bucket . billy snort one line , quickly switch nostril , sniff the other , both barrel . billy 's eye press shut , to escape , for a moment . silence ... precious silence ... billy lift a edge of the blanket , peer out : thin samurai sit there , smoking a cigarette , watch he . ambient SOUND / reality ... self-hatred come back ; thin samurai smile , put the cigarette out on he tongue . then he eat it . billy just look at he . then -- reveal now , across the cell ... the young samurai with tattooe hand . his head be bow as keng use the crooked knife we see earlier to shave Young samurai 's scalp ... slowly , methodically ... hair fall in bit , revealing Young samurai 's scalp be full tattooe with the image of a dragon . billy watch this ritual , nightmarish and surreal -- 76 I /e. sector 5 cell - dawn - billy 76 be alone at the bar . arm sling over the crossbar , smoking a cigarette . quiet , sullen . it 's dawn - faint Buddhist and Muslim chanting o.c. kiaw hide a handful of heroin straw in a shampoo bottle . billy notice . kiaw look at he , smile . billy pick up the carton of cigarettes . only one pack leave . when he open it , he find a small note tuck inside between cigarettes . billy mumble low , as he read -- billy ( to himself ) " hi billy . ( more ) 40 . billy ( cont 'd ) you miss I , yes or no ?... I want you be a good man for I , billy . I can be a good person for you too ... can not say love now , but when everything okay , you will be the one , my boyfriend . " at the bottom of the note , a lipstick mark . sign : " jom " billy 's jaw tense . Silent . disturb . then , we hear the sound of men running . a lot of man . billy look up : the muay thai boxing team be do wind sprint in the yard . back and forth , powerful as horse , no one out there but they . billy watch . one man coach , look up : nan , smoking a cigarette . eye meet . and as the team keep run ... the chant grow louder ... louder ... fearful ... CUT to : black . a loud siren scream across the prison ground ...... 77 int . sector five cell - late night - billy 77 and all he cellmate bolt up . billy look at kiaw : kiaw someone kill ... smash to : 78 ext . prison walkway - late night - moving shot : elyias 78 lie mortally wounded -- the crooked samurai knife plunge into he chest , as trustees quickly push he on a cart to -- 79 the courtyard 79 where Officer pi sit + Guards have also find the corpse of trustees # 1 + # 2 , blood sodden , knife wound bleed out . Guards heave the corpse onto pushcart . a enraged Officer pi sit shout in thai at Guards and trustees , and we -- smash to : 80 prison raid sequence 80 guard 41 . in riot gear -- move fast and loud , charge into cell with baton , flashlight and dog -- shouting rapid-fire thai as -- prisoner be violently grab , yank out -- they cell be ransacke -- bedding and pillow rip apart -- bin dumped over -- false bottom kick out ... sifting , search ... 81 int . sector 5 cell - that moment - billy 81 peer through the bar to get a glimpse of what 's happen . we hear distant mayhem . baton hit flesh . Men scream insanely . billy turn to see all of the samurai sit in silence . Cross -legge , wait . only keng look at billy ... and gesture for he to stay quiet . the sound of beating / scream intensify as the raid get closer to they cell . billy try to swallow he fear , but it 's impossible . we begin hearing footstep somewhere . lot of they . come hard and fast . heavy keys jangling . billy step back . he blink . CUT to black / then abrupt to : 82 that moment - guard 82 crash in . so fast , so frightening , give we only glimpsis -- billy + kiaw and other samurai be roughly grab and throw in line . a few samurai protest / spit back -- dog bark and bite they -- Guards kick and punch they -- smash baton across samurai bare back with relentless force . billy see another samurai be drag out by the hair . contraband hit the floor : cell phone , charger , pocket knife , spike , shiv , drug paraphernalia , porn mag ; Guards keep shouting -- terrify prisoner be march along landing -- down stair -- billy and kiaw among they .... 42 . Chaos everywhere , impossibly violent . then ; 83 ext . prison courtyard - pre dawn - billy + kiaw + 83 the entire prisoner population stand in row , nude , they clothes on the ground . for billy , and that in shackle , they short / underwear be pull to they ankle . silence be deafening . bright light flood the yard . guard body - search the prisoner one by one , then search they clothes . the dead body of elyias , trustees # 1 + # 2 display for all to see . billy see nan and the box team amongst prisoner , also nude . nan do not notice billy . then , trustees push jom , May and char to a distant corner , wear bras and panty . for the first time , we see jom without any makeup on . she look at billy , he pale , naked body amongst tattooe samurai . jom stare ... billy look away ... it 's awkward . officer pi sit walk the line , tapping he baton against he leg , scan prisoner ' face , a cold anger in he eye ... a paranoid kiaw very subtly kick he shirt on the ground in front of billy ... but billy do not notice . the Guards be get closer , roughly search prisoner and they clothes . then bull Guard arrive / search billy : mouth , ear , foot , ball , armpit , ass . bull Guard grab kiaw 's shirt off the ground ( think they be billy 's ) . billy sees they be not he ... bull Guard fold back the seam of kiaw 's shirt : revealing a hidden pocket stitched inside . billy glance at kiaw in disbelief ... kiaw just stare ahead . bull Guard rip the pocket out , find : straw of heroin -- then shout in thai to Officer pi sit . Officer pi sit walk over . take the heroin . bite open one straw , taste the powder . Officer pi sit glare at billy . 43. billy that be not mine . kiaw say something in thai . bull Guard shout angrily back . kiaw talk / gesture to billy -- say the heroin be he ; billy shake he head " no , " frantic , terror stricken . Officer pi sit just keep stare at he . as bull Guard shout in thai , billy snatch the shirt from he hand and try to put it on . too small . do not fit . a sleeve rip , then hang off . bull Guard go silent . Officer pi sit look at billy and kiaw . a very scary , very intense moment ..... Officer pi sit turn , signal sharply to the trustees . in a flash , the trustees grab kiaw and fiercely hurry he out of the yard . kiaw protest , frantic - - as billy watch , shackle , still . trustees wrestle kiaw to a upstairs office and shut the door . there 's a sudden squall of feedback over the loud speaker , follow by sound of footstep scuffling -- a door be slam -- a chair be drag -- kiaw be interrogate -- it goe on and on for a few second , then just stop . silence . then the scream begin . billy and the prisoner be freeze , listen to the SOUND of kiaw' blood - chilling scream as trustees savagely beat he with baton . 84 I /e . - various p.a. speaker + prison location - that moment 84 the beat / scream / sob broadcast across the entire prison . 85 ext . prison courtyard - billy + prisoner 85 all stare at the speaker : nobody move , nobody speak . hold on billy , this just awful moment . CUT to : 44 . 86 int . large antechamber - day 86 a rather dark room , or lobby , fill with inmate loung and smoking cigarettes . billy be high , among they . the antechamber be connect to a small cell . and behind that bar : a dress up jom be sing karaoke . May and char sing back - up , lyric roll on a shitty tv , as jom sing into a microphone . it 's a slow , very seductive thai ballad ... billy he eye glaze , watch jom through the smoke ... as do all the other inmate . the room pulse slowly . billy be totally captivate by jom 's sing and stare without blink . jom look right at billy , as if sing just for he . with the effect of the drug -- dreamlike , surreal -- jom become emotional as she sing , appear like a star ... a angel ... for billy , forget the prison surroundings for just this moment , he 's trancelike ... mesmerize ... as if he and jom be alone . even the cell bar disappear ; when the song end , billy continue watch jom and everyone else loudly applaud . 87 ext . prison courtyard - day later , morning - wide 87 the usual chaos and activity . we hear a trustee's voice over the loudspeaker : trustee's voice William Moore , yat yeim ... William Moore , yat yeim no sign of billy . instead , he -- 88 int . sector 5 cell - morning - billy 88 lie inert on he blanket , alone in the cell . a shirt cover he face . kiaw 's shampoo bottle be open , empty , next to he . bull guard stand over , put a boot on billy 's chest . no response . he yank the shirt off billy 's face . billy 's mouth be wide , eye roll back . look like a corpse . bull Guard lift billy 's head , shake it . then harder . billy be totally limp . bull Guard give he a violent kick to the rib . billy 's eye snap back in place . he wake up , as if from a coma . 45 . bull Guard shout something in thai . billy do not get up , zombie-like . bull Guard yank he to he foot , throw a sky - blue uniform shirt on he , and drag he out of the cell . 89 int . visiting area - morning - billy 89 be drag in by bull Guard , chain jangling . he 's dumped onto a stool before a steel mesh partition . billy almost fall over . bull Guard sit he up straight . billy be badly dishevel , bloodshot eye , grey skin , unshaven , beyond high . to he leave and right , prisoner shout back and forth to visitors on the opposite side -- ten foot apart -- divide by bar / mesh . a baby cry . it 's madness . like talk across a freeway . billy Pov swim for a moment to a out of focus visitor seat on the other side of the mesh ... as billy blink , strain to see , the visitor come into focus revealing : nindam ( the young boy from the open scene . ) he stare at billy in shock . shock of he decay . shock of time go by . billy look back , he bloodshot eye move down to : billy Pov -- nindam' hand , hold a small trophy . he grip it nervously , speak slow and distinct ; unsure if billy understand : nindam ... billy ... you hear I ? billy 's mouth move : no word come out . nindam I win tournament . in bangkok . muay thai , number one . billy try to respond . strain to focus ... can not . then , nindam sadly set a old gym bag on the divider : billy 's gym bag . nindam this from gym locker . we wait long time . can no more keep for you ... ( upset ) sorry . 46 . billy clenches he jaw -- a flood of emotion roil inside he . nindam feel it too , try to be brave ... nindam next time I fight ... when you leave here , I want you walk I to ring . billy try to smile . it fall quickly ; nindam ( low , tear welling now ) ...bye , billy ... billy nod -- fight back tear . nindam , stare at he . then quietly , as if whisper a prayer ... billy bye . as billy stand , bull Guard search he , check he chain . nindam watch desperately . after a moment , billy turn back to look at nindam ... ... he 's go . billy , see it ... feel every fuck bit of it ... CUT to : 90 int . sector 5 cell - morning , week later - billy 90 time have pass . he sit alone , clean shaven , write a letter in pencil . we see glimpse of he crude , childlike handwrite : " ... I know how difficult this be ... " " ... I make a mistake ... " " ... no one to blame but myself ... " 91 int . chain room - day - billy 91 be have he chain remove by the blacksmith . Officer pi sit stand nearby with bull Guard ; after the shackle be pried off , billy stretch he leg . the lack of weight be relieving . bull Guard signal billy to sit on the floor . he do , then ; 47 . billy ( to Officer pi sit ) I want to fight . officer pi sit you already do that . billy I mean with the team . I need to fight ... Officer pi sit stare . billy you understand I . beat . officer pi sit it 's you who no understand . ( off billy 's look ) box come with good behavior , long time . we have prison tournament each year , government allow . a chance for boxer at life , privilege ... and honor . ( pause ) you have earn nothing , William Moore . billy so let I fight . I need it to change . that 's something ... officer pi sit no . beat ; billy reach into he pocket , pull out a fold address envelope . billy will you mail this ? pi sit do not move . billy it 's for I mum . pi sit take the envelope . then he pull out a switchblade and swiftly cut the envelope open . 48 . billy watch , uncomfortable , as pi sit read the letter inside . after a silence , he nod to billy that he will mail it . CUT to : 92 ext . shop area - another day - jom 92 be work , sell . she wear a tight t-shirt that say , " guilty " across the front . muscular trustee stand sentry . billy without he chain , approach the shop and jom smile , bat she eyelash . jom hi , billy ! miss you ! ( off billy 's look - - ) Long time , I think you get release ... billy I , uh ... I need cigarettes . a lot of `em . jom you need for drug ? billy look at muscular trustee . jom ( smile ) relax . he no speak English . billy -- no , it 's not for that . not this time . billy 's hand be on the counter . jom watch he expression as she reach through the bar , slowly ... and lay she hand on he . the tip of she finger brush billy 's scar knuckle , lightly back and forth . he 's uncomfortable , and slide he hand back . billy I can pay you back . I mean , I will . they look at each other for a moment , then ... jom I believe you . she give he a carton of cigarettes , then discreetly hand he another love note . billy pocket it . 49 . jom ( then , be : the cigarettes ) what they for ? 93 ext . prison courtyard - right after - moving with billy 93 through the heat and congest yard . he grip the cigarette carton in one hand , he old gym bag in the other . he pull jom 's note from he pocket , throw it away without read it . then billy look , walk with steely determination toward -- 94 e/i. the prison boxing gym 94 -- and reach for the gate . from inside , a bamboo stick come down hard . billy yank he hand back ... it 's nan . billy you speak English ? nan ( stare ; then ) ... some . billy hold up the carton of cigarettes . say intensely : billy let I train , and they be yours . beat . hold . then : nan draw back the gate . take the cigarettes . billy enter . 95 inside the gym - moment after - twenty boxer 95 work out . it 's very loud . desk Guard in the corner . billy stand ringside , and wrap he own hand . nan light a cigarette and watch as billy pull a small jar of vaseline from he gym bag and grease up he face , then insert he old mouthpiece and bite down . last , he pull out he old box glove ( wear in , blood-stain ) . billy put they on , look to nan to lace they . as nan lace billy 's glove , he see the scar on billy 's arm and look at he . billy say nothing . nan finish tie the glove . billy climb into the ring , through the rope ... and wait . 50 . nan look around the gym at all the boxer training . he gesture to one : lek ( 20' ) -- lean , tattooe , much smaller than billy -- to get in the ring . billy , dead stare , watch as lek step over the rope and move to a corner ... there 's a moment . a long one . nan chok ! ( fight ) billy charge out fast . lek feel he aggression and start to circle . billy attack and lek nail he with a front kick to the chest . billy take it , then fire a punch . blocked . a leg kick . blocked . lek snap billy 's head back with a jab . then again . and again . then a huge kick to the jaw -- that hit with the impact of a truck -- billy go down in a heap . he shake it off , clear he head . other boxer stop what they be do and watch as billy pick himself up , fire in he eye ... and go after lek with a vengeance -- within moment , lek be throw and batter billy like a rag doll . pound he at will , with solid punch and kick that knock billy to the canvas over and over . billy keep get up ... but the harder he retaliate , the harder he get hurt . nan , ringside , stoically smoke cigarettes , as -- finally , lek grab the back of billy 's head , haul it down and launch knee after knee after knee into billy 's rib . billy go down hard . he slowly get up . Balance waver . then he turn and vomit over the top rope ; humiliate . nan nod to lek , who then exit the ring . billy look up at all the boxer talk in thai , joke and laugh about billy . he exit the ring ... nan remove the glove , say nothing . a assistant trainer , tane ( 45 ) approach with a mop and bucket on wheel . he point to billy 's puke with disdain . 51 . billy mop the floor . the boxer resume training . when billy finish , he shove the gate back , and leave . CUT to : 96 ext . prison shower area - day - billy 96 he back to we , as he angrily break a block of ice in a bucket , stabbing it repeatedly with a bike cog . 97 timecut . billy sit alone against concrete , hold ice 97 wrap in a towel against he face . his head be throbbing , rib and leg hideously bruise and swollen ... he take the ice pack off , revealing bad facial damage : Black eye , forehead knotted with welt . dried blood in he nose . he run a finger inside he mouth , spit blood on the ground . billy set the ice- pack on the back of he neck , and hang he head . a portrait of abject loneliness . CUT abrupt to : 98 int . sector 5 cell - morning - billy 98 sit among samurai as bull Guard take head count . when billy yell he number : " paet " -- bull Guard sees billy 's welt and bruise and call a halt to the count . bull Guard shout something in thai at billy . billy do not understand ; bull Guard then shout at keng and a few other in thai ( " who fuck this guy up ?! he look like shit , who do this ?! " ) the samurai all deny it . bull Guard storm out . the samurai glare at billy ... a very uncomfortable tension . 99 ext . toilet area - late day - billy 99 stand in line . other prisoner chatter in thai . billy say nothing . surrounded , yet alone . 100 int . sector 5 - night - billy 100 lie awake . everyone else sleep . 52 . and he think , realize he 's not a fighter ... but want to be . CUT to : 101 int . prison boxing gym - morning - nan 101 be watch the team train . he hear someone outside bang on the gate and walk over : it 's billy . his bruise face . nan what you want ? billy press a new carton of cigarettes against the gate . 102 int . prison boxing gym - billy + nan 102 walk onto the main floor , pass the desk Guard . billy watch the boxer hit bag , mitt , skip rope , sparring , get massage , etc . they all ignore he ; lek be pound a heavy bag . he stop and look at billy . lek smile , nod ... billy nod back . there 's a mutual respect in this exchange . nan sit on the step of the ring and light a cigarette . 103 timecuts - billy 103 stretch alone ... the bruise and welt make it difficult . billy jump rope . his leg be sore . foot get tangle . billy 's slow on the heavy bag . sweat profusely , breathe hard . skill / body go dormant from drug . billy do sit-up hang off a bench . grimace through a set . no one hold he leg . billy shadowbox before a large mirror . he watch the other boxer , and try to emulate they movement ... ... then , billy see he own reflection : the face / body of a drug addict . inward / outward decay . billy can not look at himself . as nan finish he last cigarette , CUT to : 53. 104 int . prison boxing gym - late day - billy + nan 104 sit and talk ; the other boxer be cool down , pack up gear , talk . desk Guard wait . nan ( to billy ) you fight before ? billy box , six year . as a kid , I win the Northwest area in England . nan no muay thai ? billy ... not much . nan Father train you ? billy ( wry ) when he use I as a punch bag , I might have learn some . beat . nan -- why you want fight ? you in danger ? billy ( shake he head " no " ) it help I forget where I be . when the glove be on , -- I do not have pain . nan drug no do that ? beat . hold . then : billy ( the honest truth ) I do not want to die . nan stare at he ... nod . then : billy how long you get here ? 54 . nan one hundred year . prelap SOUND a whistle blowing , CUT to : 105 ext . landing / various cell - late day - billy + prisoner 105 be herde back to they cell . Guards lock they in . 106 int . ring : prison boxing gym - morning - billy + nan 106 train together , use focus pad . time have pass , the wound on billy 's face / body look better . nan time , work ! billy fire combos -- as nan catch with the pad -- no pause -- teach rhythm -- push billy to he limit -- he 's clearly exhaust -- so nan push even harder -- 107 later : billy unable to breathe , vomit in a trash can , drug 107 leave he system . one of the boxer hand he a bottle of water . billy be surprised by the gesture , and drink . CUT to : 108 int . sector 5 cell - night - chinese fighting fish 108 swim in a whiskey bottle fill with water . widen , reveal : all 70 samurai crowded around , loudly make bet -- hold up cigarettes -- on which fish will win . billy be among they , surround on all side by samurai . billy gesture / insist to keng he want to bet . the samurai ignore he , a few insult he . keng shout at billy to show he cigarettes . billy on my account ... ( off keng 's stare ) my account ... billy keep gesture , point to which fish he want to bet on , bluff a amount . 55 . finally , keng nod -- he shout in thai at thin samurai , who shake the whiskey bottle up , then set it down -- the agitate fish begin to circle , then fight ... nipping and thrashing ... scale and blood float ... all the samurai scream / shout , push / shove . billy be nervous , hope he fish will win . it do . he exhales . some samurai cheer , other be mad . cigarettes wildly exchange . billy do not get he . he point to the fish he bet on . samurai refuse to pay . more shove and shouting . billy shove back ; one samurai , in a rage , grab the whiskey bottle and smashes it against the wall , hold it to billy 's throat . billy watch the fish flop on the ground and die . keng , stare at he , signal to the samurai to pay billy he cigarettes . they finally do . CUT to : 109 int . sector 5 cell - early morning - billy 109 get up , dress quickly . first one to leave , while the samurai be asleep . 110 ext . prison courtyard - day - billy 110 run lap alone around the crowded yard , try to navigate the madness . the prison football team get into a fight during a game . all of they shouting and shove ... billy run through it ; 111 e/i. prison shop area : courtyard - day 111 jom be work behind she cage . billy walk up ... she 's happy to see he . jom hello , billy ! how my westerner boyfriend ...? he drop a shoebox on she counter : it 's fill with all the cigarettes he win . 56 . jom look at they . billy you do not need to send I no more love letter . jom 's smile fall . billy I can not be you boyfriend . I just can not ... and never will be . thanks anyway . jom 's eye well up . billy walk away ... CUT to : 112 int . prison boxing gym : ring - another day - billy 112 be in line behind three other boxer in the ring . across from they , stand a rip powerful fighter : pon ( 28 ) . one at a time , each Boxer challenge pon to grapple combat , until one of they be throw to the floor . billy watch as pon destroy each opponent with astonish speed and strength . then , it 's billy 's turn . pon grin and wave he forth . billy move in and -- pon + billy slam into a clinch . work hard , billy take the brunt of the pain . he push pon , the stronger man , toward the rope ... they grapple aggressively . then , pon pick up billy and toss he 180 degree with he power . billy hit the canvas like a rag doll . stun . pon just laugh ... he 's extremely dangerous . CUT to : 113 ext . prison courtyard - dawn - billy 113 wait alone with a trustee in the empty yard . eye bleary , billy just wake up . 57 . the boxing team jog past . billy watch they go ... then , trustee gesture that billy 's allow to join ; billy hesitates , then start to jog ... and fall in line ... moving with they through different sector of the empty prison . some shadowbox while run . billy struggle to keep pace , huffing and puffing . but then he realize ... he 's jogging through area of the prison that he 's never see ... streak of dawn light the sky . cool morning air . for billy , he feel alive ... and smile . 114 int . prison gym : ring - day - billy 114 be hit the pad as tane hold they . billy fire fist / shin combos . hard shot resound . sweat pour off billy ... he skill clearly improve . nan stand at the rope , give instruction . the buzzer sound . billy pace the gym , drip sweat , hard breathe . he suddenly freeze .... officer pi sit be in the gym . two guard with he . they stare at billy . immediate tension . officer pi sit why you here ? billy ... officer pi sit I warn you . make very clear , you must earn this . and how you do that ? by defy I --? billy ( low , sincere ) I have earn this . Officer pi sit say something in thai to the Guards . then turn to billy : 58 . officer pi sit you will be punish for a month . Whole cell will be punish too . one Guard pull out shackle . the other , a baton . billy sigh and exit the ring . the Guards remove he glove . nan just watch , then ... ... as Officer pi sit angrily walk over to the desk Guard , talk firm , nan walk over and talk to pi sit in private . the Guards roughly cut off billy 's handwraps as he watch nan and Officer pi sit talk in the distance . we / billy cannot hear what they 're saying over the roar of boxer hitting bag , mitt , pad , etc . billy just watch , several tense moment ... ... then Officer pi sit walk back to billy . a beat , then : officer pi sit ( firm , still angry ) I give you one chance : you will fight at songkran . billy let out a deep breath , nod . billy thanks . as Officer and pi sit and Guards start to leave -- billy who be I fightin' ? officer pi sit ( keep walk ) could be yourself . nan join billy . nan you know what be songkran ? billy no . nan thai New Year . in three week : all prison celebrate ... boxer fight to qualify for National tournament . off billy 's look -- 59 . 115 int . prison boxing gym - week later - pon 115 be on a scale . all the boxer be check they weight for songkran . the gym be crowded with Guards and Officer pi sit , who supervise . outside the gym gate : dozen of prisoner have gather to watch , decide who they will bet on . among they , be the samurai . pon make weight : 175 next , billy step on . pi sit lean in to read billy 's weight : 210 lbs. ( about 35 lb overweight ) billy the fuck ? be the scale break ? billy look down : someone else 's foot be on the scale : pon. he grin , malevolent . billy heel pon 's leg off . Officer pi sit watch without expression . on the verge of erupting ... billy get off the scale , nan reset , and billy get back on . pon inch up behind ... blow in billy 's ear , then whisper something we can not hear . billy make weight : 175 then , he reel and throw a punch that do not land , because they be separate . shout . push . the entire team now , the Guards -- CUT out ; 116 ext . prison courtyard - day - prisoner 116 celebrate . the yard be alive with festivity . carnivalesque . on stage , with a lady - boy band , Black dildo wear a long wig , perform a romantic thai song . prisoner and Guards be mixing , eat , dance to music , throw water in all direction and laugh . everyone in high spirit ... out of the darkness of the gym , billy and the box team emerge , carry the ring out to the sunlit yard , where they set it down . the SOUND of a celebration fill the AIR .... billy stand with lek , watch , in disbelief . 60 . then , a prisoner run by and hurl a bucket of water on billy . he 's soak , freezing . lek start laugh , as -- angle , the buddha statue two prisoner on stool pour flower water over it , as other pray , light incense and candle . a line of buddhist monk young and old , in bright orange robe , move through the yard , as the far as the eye can see . billy sees prisoner and Guards flock to the monk , kneel , make offering of fruit and ornament . in return , the monk give blessing , sprinkle sacred water with a stick on the prisoner ' hand and face ... angle , a young monk that summon billy forth . billy hesitates , then step closer . the Young monk smile and apply the sprinkle billy 's face . he do not know what it mean . do not need to . it feel peaceful . and as music carry over ... for the first time , billy smile . widen . the whole yard be celebrate . only the ring be empty . then , Black dildo voice boom over the microphone : black dildo Lady -boy and gentleman , iiiiittt 's fight time !! smash to : 117 ext . ring - day - lek 117 be fight thai boxer # 2 . they trade shot . then , a huge punch from lek crash hard into thai Boxer # 2's head -- and he fall face down on the canvas , eye wide , knocked out . the crowd goe crazy . billy stand outside the ring , glove on , just inch from the ko would boxer 's face . we see the fear on billy 's face . as the referee ( a Guard ) try to revive he , he sharply signal to billy that he fight next . lek exit the ring , pat billy 's shoulder and smile , encourage he . 61 . billy swallow , then climb the step to the ring , and we -- timecut / smash to : 118 ext . ring - between round , pon' corner - pon 118 sit as tane and another cornerman shout advice fast / loud in thai , over the noise of the crowd . as -- 119 billy corner - a white towel 119 fill the frame . it 's soak with blood . go behind it as nan be work billy 's corner . he 's breathe hard , he ear be split OPEN down the middle . it 's grotesque . billy how bad be it ? be it bad ? nan not good . billy his elbow do it , the cunt . nan next round not for you . you ear almost come off . billy fuck that . I get another one . billy look to the crowd : everyone from songkran go crazy , gambling . keng and samurai betting big on pon . in the front row : be Officer pi sit , arm fold , watch stoically . jom , in a short skirt and high heel , walk the ring with a card for round 4 . the crowd whistle / cheer . jom wink at billy , who look away , annoyed . and the bell . 120 int . the ring - round 4 - billy + pon 120 rush in . Trade heavy shot . fist , knee and shin ... they body absorb the shock . pon grind he glove into billy 's ear . blood and white cell pour . it 's hard to watch . billy react and fire a three - punch flurry that land , then pon step over and hammer a hook to billy 's expose kidney . billy drop to one knee , air leave he , pain engulf he . 62 . as the referee ( a Guard ) count , billy look to the crowd : sees Officer pi sit watch he , sees gambling prisoner go nut . samurai sense victory . then , he sees nan who signal billy to rise .... .... and he do . a split-second , and pon charge . billy block a rage of pon' head shot and knee , do he best to cover . a fist slam through billy 's guard , like a shotgun . billy come off the rope and hit pon with a vicious three - shot combo , right - left-right . wham -wham-wham . feint . then a solid overhand right that break the bridge of pon 's nose . the bell . the ref pull they apart . billy throw pon a craze look of defiance -- the crowd roar for billy , as he go to he corner and sit ; 121 int . billy corner 121 nan work billy 's arm and leg ; billy how 's the ear ? nan still there . jom walk the ring with a card for round 5 . this time , she blow billy a kiss ... taunting he . billy get even madder ... nan slap he hard across the face . nan ( shouting ) last round , billy ! must knock out or lose fight ! in the opposite corner : pon stare at billy with disdain . ready to finish he off ; the bell . 122 round five : a pon barrage 122 slam we right into mid-round five . billy cover . pon -- insulting , taunting -- grapples with billy , cursing through he mouthpiece ... pon launch a short right that billy counter with a big left hook that connect . pon 's head snap , sweat spray . and billy go for the kill . 63. a hard right cross slam home on pon 's face -- knock he to the canvas with a heavy thud , out cold . no need to count . the ref wave it over , remove pon' mouthpiece : it 's a bloody mess . the crowd erupt . the samurai , stare , simmer . Officer pi sit , in disbelief . pon lay unconscious , as cornerman try to revive he . as billy , drape he arm over the corner , and breathes ... he look up , see jom be escort out by trustees . a beat of regret ; 123 ext . ringside - later , late day - billy 123 lie on a bench as a thai cutman stitches up billy 's ear . keng + 70 samurai stand nearby ... all shouting / cursing / spitting / vehement in thai , angry at have lose they bet . four guard stand post , keep they back , as -- two thai boxer fight in the ring , the tournament have not stop . the crowd go wild . we can see the pain in billy 's face . CUT to : 124 ext . shower area : prison courtyard - dusk - the boxing team 124 celebrate . the courtyard empty , but they and two Guards . billy ( he ear now bandage ) with lek and the team , bathing they wound , they cut , they swollen limb from they own fight at songkran . they laugh and throw water , for the moment , as if child . nan be with they , smoking , smile . 125 int . pi sit' office : command centre - next day - billy 125 he ear bandage , enter with a guard . pi sit wait at he desk . billy sit on the floor , place he hand together , as a mark of respect . after a moment : officer pi sit you fight at songkran be impressive . insane , but impressive . billy ... 64 . officer pi sit I be go to transfer you to the box team 's cell ... ( off billy 's look ) you will share in they privilege : better food , earlier to shower to avoid line , same thing at night . billy nod , tight smile . officer pi sit but if you lose in National tournament , you will be send back to live with regular prisoner . billy 's smile drop . officer pi sit you be first farang to compete . consider this a honor . but for we to win , every - fight - count . have two month to train ... and you ' will need it . billy 's silent . reality of the pain ahead flood in . officer pi sit tournament will take place in maximum security prison . the man you will face have life and death sentence . they no just try win , they try kill . billy react . the weight of this stake have not occur to he . officer pi sit if you no want face this , and can not represent this prison ... say now . pause ..... billy I will not let you down . Officer pi sit signal to the Guard , who then lift billy to he foot . as he start to leave ... officer pi sit wait . billy turn to see Officer pi sit pick up a envelope from he desk and hold it out to billy . 65 . it 's already be open and read . officer pi sit from you mother . on billy . hold . CUT to : 126 i/e. sector 5 cell - day later - keng + 70 samurai 126 sit in silence , angry , simmer , as two guard stand by the door , wait -- billy collect he belonging . he 's be transfer out of the samurai cell . as billy head for the door , he look back at keng , who gesture a knife cut billy 's throat . billy walk out . 127 ext . prison courtyard - day - follow billy 127 and Guards as they escort he across the yard ... into a separate , wood build and move down a long , dark hall in silence . billy be lead into a large cell and first see the football team , stand look at he ... ... then , suddenly , billy discover nan , lek and the entire boxing team wait for he in this sport team ' cell ( " Hong nak geela " ) . all the boxer cheer and whistle , call he " crazy farang . " all except pon. billy , bewilder by it all , dive into the team . all of they laugh and wrestle . 128 int . sport team ' cell - night - billy 128 be awake , as everyone else sleep . billy read the letter from he mum quietly to himself ; deep emotion fill billy 's face . he wipe he eye . smash to : 129 e/i. sport team ' cell - pre dawn - guard 129 loudly drag they baton along the bar of the team cell , waking billy , nan and the boxer . 66 . a Guard give they a head count . 130 ext . prison courtyard - dawn - wide : 130 the yard be very still , very quiet . as the sun dip low , the box team , in silhouette , jog lap around the courtyard . billy run among the they ... he see a rapist samurai , naked , hand tie behind he back , be force to roll in the yard , while get kick and humiliate by Guards . billy look up at the sector 5 cell , see the rest of the samurai behind bar , watch . billy keep jogging ... all we hear be breathing ... in / out /in / out /in / out /in / out / and 131 int . sport team ' cell - night - billy 131 lie on he stomach in the dark , amidst a circle of boxer , conduct a sacred sak yant tattoo ritual . it 's extremely hot , extremely intense . lek and two boxer hold billy down , as another : TIGER use a 40 cm long needle ( the " mai sak " ) to apply the ink onto billy 's back with fast , repeat jab .... the image of a leaping TIGER beginning ... billy fight the pain , hold it in ; the boxer invoke a deep , hypnotic mantra ( the " kata " ) , some clutching amulet fragment , the chant become one voice ... cu 's . billy 's pore , needle scraping ink make of snake venom , and jabbing . lek wipe blood off billy 's back , revealing the leap Tiger and sak yant tattoo form . billy 's eye roll back , the mantra induce a trance state . as nan blow into the tattoo , the boxer become shadow , silhouettes ... the cell wall fade . all we see be billy . all we hear be chant ... 132 ext . prison courtyard - day - billy 132 walk alone , think . time have pass . his bandage be go . billy watch the swirl of activity from a distance . prisoner eat in the outdoor kitchen . and jom , in she shop , sell ware ... engage with prisoner . billy stare for a moment ... then keep walk . 67 . 133 ext . prison gym : canteen - day - billy , nan + boxing team 133 be crowded around a long table . plates / bowl of fish , ant egg , crab somtam , chicken , pork , chiang - mai noodle be pass around as billy and the box team eat . ad lib talk / joke / banter . thai boxer hey crazy farang , why you in prison ? billy ... drug ... thai boxer what kind ? billy all of `em . the team laugh . billy can not help but smile . billy how `bout you ? thai boxer no , I no do drug ... I just kill . thai Boxer pound he own chest , as if stimulate a knife stabbing . the team laugh harder .... so billy laugh too . 134 int . prison boxing gym : ring - day - billy + lek 134 in protective gear , spar and grapple . flesh on flesh impact . nan stand at the rope , instruct . billy get throw down . nan yell at he to get up . billy jump up and re-engages . lek throw he down again . billy pound the canvas with he fist , in frustration . nan signal billy to exit the ring . two more boxer climb in . 135 int . sport team cell - evening - billy , nan + boxing team 135 be give head count by a Guard at night . 68 . 136 int . sport team ' cell - night - billy + lek 136 sit together , look at a photo album of lek 's family . lek point to thing in the photo , then teach billy how to say they in thai : ... " my house " ... " " ...my son ... " " ... my temple ... " " ... my father ... " billy repeat each in thai . then : lek do you have father ? billy pause , then nod " yes . " lek he come visit you ? billy ...no ... we do not talk anymore . 137 int . prison boxing gym - morning - billy 137 shadowbox before the large mirror . he look strong , fast . now , comfortable face he reflection . CUT to : 138 int . locker area - day - billy 138 leave the gym , walk out to he locker . he open it , shove he gym bag inside , shut it . then , billy turn to see someone stand there . it 's kiaw . cold stare at billy . billy kiaw ... when would they let you out ? kiaw when I heal . billy see new scar on kiaw 's face . they be unnerve . billy I have not get time for this . kiaw you hair look good ... billy -- what ? 69 . kiaw you take my shampoo bottle -- smoke all heroin inside it . billy 's silent . then : billy so ? you be gonna throw I to the guard ... now we be even . kiaw that heroin belong to samurai . cost much money ! billy that 's you problem ... kiaw persist , get angry : kiaw you pay now . billy ( in disbelief - - ) I do not owe you nothin' . someone whistle from above ... a guard on the balcony . he sharply gesture to billy and kiaw to move on . billy walk away . kiaw step in he path : kiaw you know I have aids . you pay my debt to samurai or I inject you with my blood . kiaw hold billy 's stare : it 's murderous . then , he leave . 139 int . prison infirmary - afternoon - billy 139 and a few other boxer sit on a bench , have they training injury treat by doctor : cut knuckle , cut lip and eyebrow , hyper - extend knee , black -eye . billy , still angry , be have he bruise rib tape . a german inmate in he 60' -- pale , fat , sweaty -- sit on another bench , wait , eat a plate of food . near the medical hatch , jom be talk to a muscular trustee , fan herself with a chinese fan and flirt . she notice billy -- glance over , then ignore he and strut toward the other boxer , as if a audience : 70 . jom ... you good fighter , not bad . my father want I to be muay thai , like he . the boxer all look at she , in disbelief . jom smile ; jom but he dream not mine . I start take hormone when I be fifteen . Father say I bring great shame , and he disown I . ( she look deliberately at billy - -) but now I be who I want to be . happy with myself . billy , simmer , as jom turn back to muscular trustee and smile ; jom my only regret be I should have have kid before I cut my dick off . muscular trustee smile back . billy hide he jealousy , but can not keep from watch jom deliberately feign affection for muscular trustee . german inmate well I , I like to fuck `em young . much young ... Dick or no dick , it do not matter . the german grin . jom look at he , uncomfortable . for billy , the tension rise to a boil point . german inmate ( to jom ) how many cigarettes to suck I off ? jom you , westerner - - what you problem ?! german inmate -- I have not get a problem , I have get cigarettes . be you go to blow I or not --?! the siren begins to wail : time to go back to the cell . they keep argue ; back and forth . jom become livid , shouting in thai and -- 71 . billy react -- he charge across and yank the german inmate up by the neck -- grab the fork from he plate -- german inmate scream , terrify -- as a enraged billy put the fork to he throat . billy -- shut you mouth , or I will bash you fuckin ' skull in , nob head ! jom be freeze . surprise . but also flatter . german inmate ( pull away ; then to billy - -) fuck off , faggot ! a craze billy overpower the german inmate -- fiercely , intensely -- push the fork toward the german 's eye -- he can not hold billy off -- billy open you eye ... he do not . billy I say , OPEN you fuckin ' eye !!! he do , then shut they immediately . the fork 's within centimeter -- about to force in -- jom ( shout ) billy , no ! calm down ! let he go ! billy react ; now , muscular trustee shove billy off -- as the boxer forcibly restrain billy from kill the german inmate . jom move away , well protect by muscular trustee . the siren keep wailing ; jom ( shouting ) you scare I , farang ... very crazy ! can no control yourself ! billy -- you , you be just a whore ! 72 . jom 's eye go wide with shock . anger . jom -- you make everything bad ! you fuck junkie ! will never change ! you think too much ! ( then ) mi do kit mak ! ( you think too much ! ) billy , hold by boxer , look at she -- his rage replace by shame . jom I no want see you , farang ba ! ( crazy foreigner ) do not ever come around I ! jom leave down a hall with muscular trustee , who comfort she . billy be lead toward the exit by the boxer , but he keep stare after jom . he feel reject . the siren still wailing , as -- 140 int . ring : prison boxing gym - day - billy 140 unleash a hailstorm of violent thai kick , pound the bag -- harder and harder , yell out with each attack . 141 int . ring : prison boxing gym - later - lek + another boxer 141 be in the ring , demonstrate the Ram muay ritual dance . they each wear a " mongkhon " ( headband ) and " pra jiad " ( armband ) . wai khru music play on a old radio . billy and nan , also in the ring , stand near the rope . nan Ram muay ... before each fight , we pledge respect to spirit . nan point / bow / pray around the ring : the rope , the canvas , the glove , the fighter themselves ... nan --bless...spirit ... bless ... spirit , bless ... billy watch lek and the boxer gracefully move through a series of rhythmic gesture and posture . 73. billy be deep in a stew of he own confusion , try to hide he state of mind from the other . nan ( be : the Ram muay ) now you . billy I be no dancer . nan can no compete tournament without . billy do not move . nan shoot he a angry look . nan muay thai more than just " fight . " disrespect spirit or no believe , you never understand muay thai ! billy I " believe . " nan no --! ( off billy 's look ) when you at peace , can control anything , and win . anger : lose everything . on billy . 142 int . sport team ' cell - evening - billy 142 among the entire box team , and football team , as they kneel for Buddhist even prayer ( " suad mon yen " ) . chant fill the cell , and billy watch they , isolate and apart . his thought elsewhere . smash to : 143 int . ring : prison gym - day - billy 143 be nail with a punch in this sparring session . a combo of three more hard shot from lek hit billy clean , and he bounce off the rope . lek look over at nan , who be stand on the ring apron , watch : billy be not throw back . nan hand up ! 74 . billy take a kick to the chest . then another . lek give a implore look , then fire a series of punch ; billy just take it , refuse to cover . lek knee he rib , and billy slump forward into a clinch . lek shove billy off , paw with a jab ... concerned . suddenly , billy dip and crash a hook on lek' jaw -- stun he . as lek stagger , billy unleash four devastating punch and lek be badly hurt . nan billy ! hya suk ! ( that 's enough ! ) other boxer stop training now , look over , as -- billy keep attacking -- a barrage of hook , both left and rights -- lek be out on he feet . desk guard , alarm , shout something in thai ; nan jump in the ring , goe to jump in - between as -- billy land a huge uppercut and lek fall , he neck bouncing off the bottom rope , where he lay , unconscious . silence fall over the gym . billy be shocked at what he 's do . so be nan , as he quickly go to lek 's aid . billy storm out of the ring , rip off he glove with he tooth , then slam they in a trash bin and leave ... desk Guard hurry after he . the rest of the boxer , confuse , watch billy go . CUT to : 144 int . punishment cell - next day - billy 144 be walk in by desk Guard , hold he belonging . he 's be transfer to another cell : 12 square foot . only five thai inmate inside . as the desk Guard shut the bar , billy hear someone giggle . he turn to see noi -- the mentally retarded inmate from earlier . no one else say a word . CUT to : 75 . 145 int . punishment cell - day / night - billy 145 condemn in here for a week . no talk . very little light . in the day / night that follow .... billy pound the wall with he fist . slow , heavy thud , that come one after another . billy pump out sit-up . billy do furious push-up . noi watch billy , giggle . billy stop and look at he . billy do push -up with noi on he back . Guards enter , drop off food , then lock the bar again . billy and noi sit / eat together . noi smile . billy smile back . prisoner ' clothes hang on a wire . billy rip it down and use it as a jump rope . as he do , billy 's eye glaze over , somewhere else . billy / cellmate sleep , inch apart . noi right next to billy . Guards enter again . Drop off food . shut the bar . in back of the cell / shower , billy help noi bathe . then dry he off with a towel . later , billy stand with a dull razor and start to shave he own head . intense expression on he face ; all the prisoner watch in ominous silence . a few drop of blood stream down the back of billy 's scalp and neck . his head now shave , he now shave off he eyebrow ... leave the skin underneath bead in blood . Guards bring in food ; shut the bar . billy start shadowbox . firing combos that get faster and harder -- more and more violent ... the other prisoner move back , nervous , afraid -- except noi. billy keep punch , pivote , attack ... drip with sweat . the combos come with blaze force and speed -- 76 . billy finally stop , drop to he knee . noi applaud , he eyebrow shave as well . noi give billy water , smile . and for the first time , billy speak in thai : billy pom chuu billy khrap ? ( my name be billy ) khoun chuu aray ? ( what 's you name ) . noi giggle . CUT to : 146 ext . prison - dawn - wide : 146 it 's still and quiet . everyone in they cell , asleep . CUT to : 147 int . sport team ' cell - early morning - nan + boxing team 147 be sit in they cell , quietly . lek , among they , still with bruise . there 's a sound of the door open and a figure walk in : it 's billy ... release from punishment . bring in by desk Guard . everyone stare . billy try to gather courage as he walk up to nan . there 's a long moment before he speak : billy I fuck up . I know it , nan . honest . nan say nothing ... billy I just lose it , be all . I lose I self , -- everything you teach I . ( beat ) if I could , I would rip I own heart out and show it to you ... ( beat , then ) I do not come this far to quit . nan stare . Silent . billy try not to break down . 77 . then , nan hand billy a pair of boxing short . billy look down , see the name write on they : " crazy farang " nan tournament very soon . must train twice as hard now . do not disappoint I . billy nod , quietly come alive . billy ( realize ) I forget cigarettes . nan I no more smoke . bad for health . billy 's back on the team . he walk to lek and sit down next to he . there 's a moment ... then , lek hold out a fist ... billy bump it , both smile . CUT to : 148 int . prison gym - day - billy 148 hold a rope between he tooth , that 's tie to a weight . he lift it up and down , strengthen he neck . 149 ext . courtyard : shop area - another day - billy 149 walk in the strangely almost empty courtyard . like a uncomfortable dream . suddenly he sees in the distance ... noi sit alone , on the ground . he 's sad , deject , for once not smile . billy walk over . noi see billy and he mood change immediately . he run to he with he moldy flip -flops split down the middle ; noi billy !!! noi hug billy tight . billy you need new shoe ... noi do not respond . 78 . billy speak in thai : billy rong tow , see lao . ( you shoe be not good ) noi look up , grunt . noi roo lao ! ( I know ! ) billy pom ja sue longtow mai hai khun to . ( I will buy you new one . ) noi , a huge smile ... he remove he flip -flops , give they kiss , then hurl they over the prison wall . he then march quickly away , sing a thai song loudly and out of tune . 150 ext . shop area - later - billy + noi 150 be at a stand , rummage through item for sale . the shop owner be a very old thai prisoner . billy inspect item : coffee , shave cream , soup can ... they agree on the flip=flop that noi like . as noi try they on , billy then move to a row of feminine item : lipstick , eye shadow , a woman 's headband with a plastic flower attach . he look up at the Old man watch he . billy pick up the flower headband ; billy ( to the Old man ) ... it 's not for I ... the Old man smile . noi look at billy , concerned . hope it 's not for he . shake he head , " no . " billy be amused . both laugh . 151 int . antechamber - another day - billy 151 be alone in the empty chamber , practice the Ram muay dance . the music play on a bad radio ... his movement be stiff , uncomfortable . he 's clearly frustrated . 79 . there 's a sound . billy turn ; reveal : jom be stand outside the chamber . she wear the hair band with the plastic flower . two trustees stand sentry as jom enter the chamber and walk to billy . billy stare at she in silence . emotion roiling through he . they look at each for a long , unspoken moment . then jom step back and begin to perform the Ram muay dance . billy watch , transfix as she teach . it 's strange and spiritual . her movement graceful , yet surprisingly powerful . now , billy try , follow jom 's lead . back and forth ... she guide he along , together ... both move like water . both smile . forgive . 152 int . ring : prison boxing gym - evening ( two week later - 152 billy + pon be sparring . the gym be otherwise empty except for nan , tane and the desk Guard . ( billy 's eyebrow be mostly grow back . ) billy + pon engage , grapple , then fight out . it 's intense , but more for technique , irone out billy 's flaw . mid-round , pon crash a shin into billy 's kidney . billy take it . cover and assault , aggressively go after pon. the buzzer end the round ... billy and pon bump glove . in the corner : nan give billy water , then notice that billy be sweat profusely . nan faster ! let hand and foot go ! billy take a labor breath , nod . the buzzer billy circle , on the defensive . pon cut down the ring and try to nail he , but billy avoid and clinch . he 's have trouble breathe ... pon wrestle billy to the rope . billy hack and splutter ... a few fleck of blood spray onto pon 's shoulder . only billy notice ... something be wrong ; 80 . they break apart and billy fend off more blow from pon. the buzzer end the round . 153 int . prison gym : bathroom - right after - billy 153 walk in and shut the door . lock it . he stand there a moment , afraid . when suddenly and without warning -- a knife - like pain shoot through billy 's side -- he chest begin heaving -- and he vomit blood violently . 154 ext . prison gym + courtyard - minute later - billy 154 with nan , pon , tane follow desk Guard back toward they cell . we see the concern on billy 's face . he try to hide it from nan ... nan you okay ? billy ( he be not ) ...yeah ... nan fear be good for fight . like fire , inside you . billy 's silent , struggle to hide he pain from nan . nan it 's almost time . billy consider tell nan about he pain : he do not . black . 155 int . prison infirmary : SMALL office - afternoon - billy 155 wait , alone . in the hallway , two other westerner inmate wait on a bench . a man' voice ( o.c . ) Mr. Moore ? billy look up : DR. adi ( 40 , british ) have enter , hold a clipboard . 81 . dr . adi Mr. Moore , I be Dr. adi. billy never see you here before ... dr . adi I come once a month to give medical aid to foreigner . beat . dr . adi how be you feel ? billy I be not sure . dr . adi you have a delineation of the esophagus . billy a what ...? dr . adi it 's a tear . primary cause : drug and alcohol abuse . through year of this , it 's wear away the lining of you esophagus . beat . billy well I be sober now . dr . adi you need to stay that way . billy ( nod ) so can I get out of here ... get back to the gym ? dr . adi you need to heal . after , exercise be good , -- but only moderate . a beat . billy I have get a tournament comin ' up : muay thai . 82. dr . adi make other plan . billy Doc , I be in prison . I have not get no " other plan . " beat . dr . adi box be what cause the rupture . you vomit blood because you have at least a pint in there . any more trauma , and you could hemorrhage . you will bleed to death . billy look at he . Dr. adi start to write on he clipboard . dr . adi I be put in a request to have you transfer to a government hospital . they will patch you esophagus , or perhaps cauterize it . billy I will just , I will keep my guard up . dr . adi Mr. Moore -- billy -- I will watch my pace . dr . adi Mr. Moore . you must never fight again . on billy . hold . 156 ext . prison infirmary - afternoon - billy 156 step out of the infirmary into the heat . he stand there , alone , look around ... a lose animal . CUT to : 157 int . ring : prison boxing gym - day , later - nan 157 stand at ring center , in full protective gear with / large pad -- one by one , five boxer take they turn unleash rapid-fire thai kick ( 20 at a time ) , shouting with each shot . 83. it 's fast . it 's loud . it 's relentless . billy be the last to go . hope to prove the doctor wrong . he attack the bag. fast. loud. violent . reveal : noi be in the gym now , sit on the ring step . he laugh and applaud billy . ( he also wear new flip -flops . ) nan point to a broom nearby . nan nong chai , kub pai tum ngan khun to krub . ( Little brother , go back to work . ) noi quickly get up , start to sweep the gym . he 's the new team assistant . billy look at nan , nod " thanks . " and billy walk away . Light -headed , he clutches he chest , hide the pain . billy ( low , to himself ) ...fuck ... CUT to : 158 int . shower area ( trough ) - day - billy 158 under the water . it flow down he neck and tattooe back . Cup after cup . he breathes in the cold ... breathe in that place where fighter go ... where emotion be still and eye focus , concentrate . then -- billy face plunge into water , full frame . bubbles spiral , eye peel open . then , he whip he head back ... ... out of a trough , as he stand in the courtyard . he wipe water from he face . then , sense something in the distance , he instinctively turn ... to he leave : two samurai . to he right : kiaw and one more . then keng . all of they , stare . billy freeze , stare back . now , something in the samurai 's eye go dead and realization hit he ... 84 . utter fuck terror billy run -- heart hammer , through prisoner traffic as the samurai give chase . suddenly , kiaw catch billy from behind , both go sprawling -- billy , on he foot fast , stomp kiaw hard -- then sprint away , as the other samurai close in ... 159 the laundry area - billy 159 -- burst in , frenetic through a maze of sheet . he get tangle , scream , fall . and all five samurai pounce , fist and foot ... pound billy , trap in the sheet , as -- keng rip the sheet back . face inch apart . he shout to kiaw in thai , who pull out a syringe and plunge it into he own vein ... draw out infected blood . kiaw hand keng the syringe , as the other hold billy 's neck . billy no ! no ! keng ( to billy ) you have tournament come up , yes ? billy freeze , wide - eye , nod . keng win fight and pay we you earning . you lose , it end bad for you ... tense pause . fucking all hell terrifying . billy nod . the samurai drop billy in the dirt , then walk away . dissolve to : 160 int . sport team ' cell - pre dawn - billy 160 back in the cell with the entire box team and football team , as they kneel for Buddhist pre-dawn sutras . chant fill the cell . billy show noi how to pray ; they all pray together . 85 . 161 intercut : other cell / area + prisoner 161 also praying . Lady boy , samurai , et al . in the courtyard , Muslims pray ( " salat al - maghhrib " ) . all of it , hypnotic , tonal overlap flood the air ... the prayer before dawn . black / hold in black / then : 162 ext . prison courtyard - day - billy , nan , lek , TIGER + a few 162 other boxer march in chain and shackle ; gym bag in hand , some with box glove tie around they neck . Guards watch the line . the yard be otherwise empty . all the prisoner , lock in they cell , watch the team pass . billy see : jom in the Control section . she smile , wave through the fence . billy nod , gratitude behind it . then he glance at the isolation cell as he pass . they team be march through a series of massive gate and barred door , onto the MAIN gate ... where a pair of guard pull they open , show we the outside .... 163 ext . prison : MAIN gate - billy , nan , lek , TIGER + boxer 163 step outside the prison gate . billy pause for a moment ... take in the open air . there 's a few house around , office and empty lot . the slight smile come to he face . angle , a waiting prison bus it 's pack to the rafter with prisoner . face peer through steel - mesh . billy follow the team into the bus ... 164 int . prison bus - billy 164 get on . prisoner cramme like cattle , everyone in chain . billy squeeze through and sit next to nan . billy they all here for the fight ? nan only boxer go to tournament . billy look to the back of the bus : a group of prisoner be cage in a smaller compartment , face a Guard with a shotgun . billy so where they head ? 86 . nan some get transfer . other go to death house . 165 e/i. prison bus ( moving ) - day / late day - various 165 shot of the prison bus , travel through Thailand . billy watch scenery pass . people on the street ; temple ; market ; life on the outside . as the bus move through lush Evergreen forest ... billy lean against the mesh window , wind hit he face . he breathes in clean air . 166 int . max . security prison : reception - billy , nan , lek , tiger166 + other boxer enter . they be give a security check . Guards search they and they gym bag . chain and shackle be remove . nearby , family wait in line as they bag be inspect . 167 ext . max . security prison : courtyard - late day - wide : 167 it 's huge , fill with people . Guards and prisoner , families visit . some play basketball , some gamble , other talk and laugh with they love one . Lady boy , dress as Ring Card Girls , be in a separate cage area , put on makeup . in the center of the yard , a boxing ring be be prepare : prisoner set the canvas ( a giant logo : " Department of correction " ) ; they secure the rope , and corner pad . a gallery of chair around it . billy sit alone . he watch other boxer with they family . pon , Tiger , etc . lek , hold and kissing he infant son . then , billy look away and quietly stare at the ring . angle , officer pi sit . talk to government official . he see billy sit alone , walk over and sit . they both watch the family and prisoner interact for a moment . then : officer pi sit I talk to you mother . she could no afford airfare , but she send she love . billy be silent . 87 . officer pi sit they say boxer should have no pleasure before fight . billy ... officer pi sit they say it soften you , -- steal you hunger . billy well maybe " they " be full of shit . Officer pi sit smile . billy 's loneliness be evident . officer pi sit the man you fight tonight , he no deserve to ever leave prison ... so he will do anything he can to win . beat , then : officer pi sit but you ... ( off billy 's look ) you have to go to prison in order to be free . billy be still . hard truth . CUT to : 168 int . large cell : max . security prison - night - billy 168 lie on a table , in this improvise locker room . nan be give billy a pre-fight massage ... apply heat oil to the skin , the scar , the back tattoo , work the muscle with he hand . it 's very quiet but intense , ritualistic , as well feel the buzz in the air ... lek , Tiger , a few other boxer enter the cell . all sweat , breathe hard , just have fight . billy sit up . alert . 169 int . bathroom : max . security prison - night - billy 169 enter . alone , he look in the mirror , touch he chest nervously . eye close , he pray . focus and intensity build ... fade in sound of a distant crowd . fights underway . chanting . shout . muay thai music on the loudspeaker . 88. there 's a knock on the door . billy open it : nan it 's time . 170 cu' : billy 170 -- as he pull on he cup guard , then he short . -- as nan tape he hand . -- as a official sign the tape . -- as lek tie prajiad around he biceps -- a garland of flower around he neck . -- then the glove . -- billy bow as nan put the mongkhon on he head . he 's ready . 171 I /e . max . security prison - night - follow billy 171 with nan and lek , as he leave the cell and make the very long walk down a corridor , line with cell ... the TIGER tattoo vibrant on billy be back . prisoner cheer , some taunting , other reach through the bar and pat he ... billy keep move , eye charge , fix ahead , shadowbox a few punch as he go ... down a flight of step into the bowel of the yard , where sight / sound explode . prison spotlight reveal the yard be packed . around the ring , a sea of prisoner . Guards in uniform , Gov. official . numerous family throughout . the noise build to deafen level as billy make he way toward the ring , and step over the top rope ... 172 int . ring - with billy 172 as he enter . and we be see he , now , at this moment , as a full muay thai warrior . another roar sweep over the crowd ... his opponent enter the ring ... and billy turn to face the man who intend death for he : diesel chor ( 25 , pure malevolence ) . prisoner roar for he . 89 . billy and diesel walk the ring , opposite side , praying to each corner , touch the rope , " sealing " the ring ... ceremonial music begin ... billy and diesel both perform the Ram muay . as billy move rhythmically , in time to the music , he arm and leg tell he journey with beatific precision ... CUT to : 173 int . lady boy cell - night - jom 173 with May and char be watch a small tv , chat up a storm . woman 's bras , thongs , hang on wire . perfume and makeup abound . jom watch billy on tv intently , see he perform the Ram muay as she teach he . 174 back to : int . max . security prison : ring - night - billy 174 feel the spirit now rise inside he ... when he finish the Ram muay , the music cut out . billy lock eye with Officer pi sit , ringside , for a moment . then , billy head to he corner , lower he head so nan can remove the mongkhon ... they pray together , head - to-head ... the crowd bay for blood , grow louder ... louder now ... then , suddenly , abruptly -- CUT to black / smash to : the bell ; 175 int . ring - round one - both 175 rush in . a measure pace at first . billy and diesel circle , feint , like a storm brewing ... billy fire jab and teep with a balance and deftness we have not see before ... diesel , take shot , try to cut the ring , but billy evade ... until : diesel' trainer shout something thai . and diesel fire a overhand right that billy do not see and hit he like a pole - ax . billy 's entire body feel it . ( so do we . ) a barrage of pulverize kick , elbow and punch follow , billy try to cover up . diesel 's attack go through like bullet . it 's fast . it 's shocking . hurt to watch . and -- 90 . the bell . diesel throw billy down , smile . the crowd roar ; the ref warn he . billy get up , go back to he corner . ringside : Officer pi sit watch , concerned . CUT to : 176 int . samurai cell - night - keng , kiaw + all samurai 176 watch the fight on they shitty tv . they argue , shove and shout , wildly gambling cigarettes , as -- 177 back to : max . security prison / ring : billy corner - billy 177 breathes , panic . nan and lek work he leg . billy he 's too strong ! nan breathe , billy . have calm . billy I can not keep he off I ! nan you can ! billy -- no -- nan -- remember what I teach you ! remember what you fight for ! a lady boy walk the ring with a card for round two . and the bell . 178 round two 178 billy be under attack in second . diesel fire in punch . billy bounce off the rope just as diesel strike with a fly knee that crash into billy 's forehead -- then diesel spin he around and kick both legs out from under he . billy go down hard . he heart start pounding . billy clutches he sternum , take a breath and fight through it . the ref count . nan and lek shout from the corner in thai . 91 . 179 int . sport team ' cell - night - noi 179 sit up close to the tv . eyebrow shave . worried for billy . the football team , remain box team watch in the b.g. 180 int . lady boy cell - night - jom 180 also worried . May and char shout at the tv in thai for billy to get up . 181 back to : int . max . security prison : ring - billy 181 stagger up . diesel resume he assault . billy try to grab as diesel drive he into a corner , where a STORM of knee batter he leg and organ . billy , take huge shot , can not escape , then -- cu , billy under a blur of shot , something in he slow ... calm -- as if spiritual ... he / wee see a split-second open in diesel 's attack and billy fire -- a counter punch that hit and hurt diesel . his face be damage . he stagger back . the crowd roar . 182 int . samurai cell - keng , kiaw + all the samurai 182 go wild . cigarettes fly . shout , cheer , cursing , as -- 183 int . max . security prison : ring - night - billy 183 bore in ... nail diesel with aggressive kick , elbow and teep , that knock diesel back to a corner . billy unload : punch after punch after punch !! the crowd goe crazy . even Officer pi sit. 184 int . sport team ' cell - night - noi 184 be excited , squealing with laughter , and -- 185 back to : int . max . security prison : ring - night 185 the bell . and the referee yank they apart . suddenly billy gastral track lurch and billy double over , again clutching he sternum . 186 int . billy corner - billy 186 sit . nan and lek feverishly rub billy 's leg . billy spit in the bucket : it 's a lot of blood . 92 . nan you okay , billy ?! you alright ?! billy ...yeah ... nan you see , billy ?! you feel it ?! muay thai in here -- ( poke billy 's heart ) and here -- ( poke billy 's mind ) now , fight ! khun samarth chna ! 187 int . diesel' corner - he trainers 187 shouting advice . a different lady boy walk the ring with round three card . and the bell . 188 int . ring - round three + four 188 they trade . back and forth . both fighter stand ground , create angle , trap , dodging and attack . " the Art of eight limb " in full force . they slam into a clinch ( reminiscent of the exercise with pon ) . but this time , billy throw diesel down . diesel jump up immediately and attack billy ; and the bell . billy and diesel continue to fight after the bell . the crowd roar , shifting momentum , root for billy , the crazy farang . 189 int . lady boy cell - jom , may + char 189 chatter , clap , watch another lady boy on tv walk the ring with a card for round 5 . 190 int . billy corner - between round 190 rub billy 's leg that be brutally swollen at the tendon around the calve and knee . he struggle to breathe . nan last round ! no get tired now ! billy I will not ! 93. nan no go down , billy ! need last round to win ! billy okay . nan okay ?! billy okay !! we don't hear a bell . instead , we slam hard right into -- 191 int . ring - mid - round five - diesel' barrage 191 have billy hurt . a right to the jaw then three knee to the rib knock the wind out of billy . he stumble to he leave . diesel take advantage and fire a leave lead kick that almost knock billy down . they grapple , shove each other off . both boxer exhaust , it 's a matter of will . Trading shot . as billy find , masterfully , he distance , he timing , he chop a hard kick to diesel 's thigh that buckle he . the hungry crowd on it's feet . even Officer pi sit , who jump up from he seat , cheering billy , as -- billy rush in -- -- but mid-charge , he gastral track lurch again . heart pounding , dangerously fast . billy grimace in pain , as -- diesel come right back , slamming in shot . billy fight through the pain . pushing himself . it's back and forth -- both men landing .... until a solid combo stagger diesel ... billy goe for the finish -- several chopping kick -- that brutally , finally knock diesel' entire lower body backward and drop he on he face . diesel writhes in agony . the ref push billy back . diesel be count out . the ref raise billy 's hand . crowd goe crazy . 94 . 192 int . lady boy cell - night - jom , may + char 192 all on they foot . chatt , clap . a smile come to jom 's face , as -- 193 int . sport team ' cell - night - noi 193 his face fill , with emotion . watch he friend win . 194 back to : int . max . security prison : ring - now - billy 194 be swarm by nan , lek , pon , Tiger , and the rest of the team that flood the ring . Officer pi sit climb in and congratulate he . and suddenly , abruptly , all SOUND cut out . billy / we see all the excitement around he in the ring and crowd , people talking , cheering , etc ... for now , it's perfectly soundless . then , billy 's knee buckle ... and he collapse to the canvas . on he back . eye roll to white . his body in shock , convulse violently -- as blood fill he mouth and he start to choke . the team gather around he , all shouting in thai ( we can not hear any of it ) . nan roll billy onto he side , and blood pour out ... nan reach into billy 's mouth , dig out he tongue . Officer pi sit shout to all security , this terrible silence , and CUT to -- 195 int . prison ambulance ( moving high speed ) - night - billy 195 lie in back , eye roll , breathe erratic . a medic put a oxygen mask on he nose . the siren wail . we do not see the guard face as they drive billy to the hospital . black . 196 ext . prison courtyard - day - wide 196 the yard be empty . we hear a trustee's voice over the loudspeaker : trustee's voice William Moore , yat yeim ... William Moore , yat yeim . 95 . no sign of billy . 197 int . visiting room - day 197 a man be wait ( 50' , white , UK ) . he be alone . no one else be in the visit area . he be still for a very long moment . finally , a Guard emerge . guard sorry , mister Moore . we no can find you son . mr. moore ( nod ) it 's okay . I will come back . CUT to : 198 int . gov . hospital : recovery room ( day later ) - billy 198 stir awake . he see a light overhead and a air vent work . billy take a moment to get he bearing ... lying in a clean bed , white sheet , quiet surroundings . there 's a large post - op bandage on he side where a drain be remove . then billy look down , sees he ankle be shackle / chain . a patient in a neighbor bed stare at he awkwardly . hold on billy , this very long and awful moment ... then , he slowly sit up , turn to a window , peer out ; reveal now : we be in a government high rise , overlook the city of bangkok -- 20 storey below . billy push open the window , breathing in fresh AIR ... he look over the ledge ... a loooonggg way down . there 's a sudden SOUND . billy drop back into bed , just as the door open and a nurse walk in . billy nurse . ` think I should go to the loo . nurse help billy out of bed . she look down at he chain , then hand he a sarong . billy wrap the sarong around he waist , cover the chain . 96 . 199 int . corridor : gov . hospital - billy 199 as the nurse escort he ... they pass a guard seat at a nearby desk . he hardly glance over from the tv he 's watch . the nurse lead billy around the corner to the bathroom . she wait as he go in alone . 200 int . hospital bathroom - billy 200 piss in the urinal , then go to the mirror and look at himself . he wash he hand and face . then walk out ... 201 int . corridor : gov . hospital 201 ... and find a empty corridor . the nurse be go . billy peer around the corner , sees the nurse talk to a aide down the hall . pause ... then ; billy move to a elevator and quickly tap the button . the elevator door slide open ... and billy freeze . Inside : be a doctor and two nurse . they all stare at billy . doctor go down ? billy nod , step in , slow , careful not to shake the chain . 202 int . elevator ( descending ) - billy 202 avoid eye contact . instead , he focus on the floor light drop : 9...8...7 - ding ! door open : two more doctor get in . billy tense . the descent resume : 6 - ding ! door open again : now a orderly w/a wheelchair patient enter . billy edge to the back corner ; floor by floor , the elevator keep stop . rapidly fill with nurse , doctor , orderlies and patient . we can feel billy 's panic in this now crowded elevator , descend agonizingly slow ... it finally reach the lobby . everyone file out , until billy be alone . he step out carefully , mind the chain ... 97 . 203 int . lobby : gov . hospital - day - billy 203 turn a corner , into the lobby . it 's full - to- burst with people wait for medical attention . some in plastic chair , wounded and sickly . some on the floor . other on gurney , shove against the wall . the staff under siege , outnumber . billy Pov : at the far end of the lobby , be the exit to the STREET . pulse racing , nervous , billy move toward it ... ever - tiny step , so not to hear the chain ... step by step . a few people look at he curiously . billy , heart pound through he chest now , just reach the exit and -- 204 ext . hospital / CITY STREET - billy 204 burst out . we're immediately struck by the roar of bangkok be rush hour . car / people everywhere , overwhelming billy and US . billy , sweat profusely , walk down the sidewalk , fast as the chain will allow ( which be not fast at all ) ; he glance nervously back at the hospital , keep walk .... 205 ext . bangkok : various CITY street - with billy 205 one city block after the next , navigate crowd , unsure where he 's go . he turn down a quiet street line with park car . he try several car door . all of they lock . frustrate , scared , he look across the street and stop . billy Pov : a drug store . all light up , open for business . 206 int . drug store - day - billy 206 enter . it 's empty . no customer . he head to the back for the pharmacy counter ... then slow when he sees ... a enormous floor-to-ceiling wall of pharmaceutical drug . ( painkiller , amphetamine , etc . ) billy stare , in awe . billy 's reverie snap when a young pharmacist ( female , 25 ) appear behind the counter . young pharmacist can I help you ? billy just stand there . stare . realize : 98 . billy ...no ... 207 ext . drug store - moment after - billy 207 step out to the street . exhales . he watch people , car , life go by . and suddenly it 's clear . all the chaos in billy 's eye be replace with steel . he want to live . and now he 's walk . toward the hospital . walk faster . determined . faster and faster , toward the hospital as we .... CUT to : 208 int . recovery ward + room - day - guard 208 look up from he tv , oddly , at billy walk in , sweat . billy ( smile ) -- how you doin ' ? take a fuckin ' helluva piss in there . billy enter he room , hoist himself into bed -- and right at that moment , the recovery Ward door open : it 's Officer pi sit. accompany by two other guard with shotguns . without a word , they help billy out of bed , cuff he wrist . 209 e/i. bureau of correction van - day , after - billy 209 be put in the back seat , next to Officer pi sit . the Guards up front , drive in silence .... then : officer pi sit ( without look at billy ) why do you come back ? beat . billy look at he . officer pi sit you could be free . why do you turn around ? billy ( catch , stunne ) you see I ? Officer pi sit still will not look at he . 99 . billy I do not want to run anymore . billy wait for a response ; Officer pi sit do not give one . and as they ride in thick silence , en route back to prison ... CUT to : 210 int . prison visiting room - day later - mr. moore 210 be wait in the visit Area alone . we hold on he face . then ; text on screen : after serve three year , billy Moore be transfer to a UK prison and release on a amnesty by the King of Thailand in October 2010 . upon he return , he reconnect with he family . with the help of narcotics anonymous , billy remain clean to this day , and work with other addict who be in recovery . now , a smile come to Mr. Moore 's face . across from he , reveal : sit billy . they look at each other for a long moment , in deep silence . emotion be palpable between they . then , billy smile to he father . CUT to black : a prayer before dawn