a quiet place screenplay by bryan Woods , Scott beck &amp ; John krasinski Story by bryan Woods &amp ; Scott beck black we hear , very clearly , the sound of light wind . 1 ext . town - MAIN ST . - late afternoon 1 we come up on ... a streetlight . there be no illumination ... and no movement . we hold on it for a long moment when suddenly ... the streetlight bob ... and then begin to sway . we slowly begin to rise up on the streetlight to reveal ... a small bird have land on it . we continue to rise to reveal , behind the bird ... wind blow through the gargantuan evergreen that seem to engulf the narrow main street of a small town in upstate New York . shop window and car on either side cover in dust , the place seem freeze in time . there be no movement . in the very middle of the road one can see ... sand . a bizarre incongruity , a long pathway about a shovel width run the full length of the street with offshoot into open doorway of some of the shop . we hold for a long moment : 2 int . general store - front - late afternoon 2 slowly push through the doorway of a large general store , also cover in dust . to the leave , a cash register with small shelf of nearly empty candy box below . to the right , a tower shelf full of bag of potato chip , nacho chip and pretzel ... none be miss . 3 int . general store aisle - late afternoon 3 we move slowly across the floor , down the middle of a general store . amid the tower shelf of goods on either side , one may recognize a barely perceptible pattern of which shelf be bare and which be not . there be no movement . no sound . suddenly ... tiny feet jump into our moving frame ! then , as fast as they appear ... they be go . we now move up the side of the store , look down one aisle ... and the next . as we arrive at the next aisle we catch a glimpse of ... a SMALL dark figure !!! and then its go . we continue along the side of the store until we arrive at the last aisle . at the far end of the store we see ... 2 . a counter . with a window . and shelf . suddenly ... a woman appear in the window ! we go close on the woman as she scan the shelf , slowly lowering herself to the ground until behind she we see ... a 8 year old boy sit slump against the wall ... he be barefoot . on closer inspection we see sweat on the boy 's brow , he skin pale from fever . the woman 's knee touch down on the ground next to the boy as ... she see what she 's be look for . she reach out she hand . we go close on her hand as it reach toward a shelf ... of orange prescription drug bottle . her hand suddenly begin to shift certain bottle ever so slightly ... at a bizarrely slow pace ... she do not make a sound . as she do this , we get we first glimpse ... of name . name of drug . name ... of people . her hand finally arrive at the very back of the shelf as she gently twist a bottle that read ... amoxicillin . on the mother ... as she inhale slowly ? and then , as if do surgery , she slowly close she hand around the bottle and gently begin to move it through the shelf toward she . her hand , once again move incredibly slowly , she now wider close hand shift even more bottle as it pass . just as she get to the end of the shelf a bottle shift ... with a rattle of pill . this be the first , deliberate sound we have hear . the mother ... freeze !!!! we rack focus to the boy on the ground , who now look up ... with panic . the mother 's eye look all around the room ... the way one do when they be wait for something ... listening for something . after a long moment ... she pull the bottle in she hand the final few inch ... and off the shelf . the mother draw a huge breath of relief . as she stand up , we reveal , just over the counter ... two eye looking up at her !!! 4 int . aisle - late afternoon 4 a 10 year old girl stand on she toe , barely able to see over the wooden counter to ... she mother . she smile at she mother ... and give she a thumb up . with that ... she 's off . we follow her as she run lightly through the store ... she be also barefoot . the girl turn down a aisle to reveal ... a small boy sit on the floor ... he too be barefoot . 3. as the girl approach we see , in the thick dust on the floor he have draw ... a rocket ship . she sit with he . he silently put he hand to he chest , palm to the side ... cross he first two finger of he other hand with deliberate focus ... and then slowly put he two hand together . he then look up at she ... and quickly shoot he cross finger into the air ... like a rocket . she beam with pride for a moment and then ... Signs back to he . daughter ( signing ) very good job ! boy ( signing as best we can ) .... that 's how ... we get away . the girl 's smile fall ever so slightly . then the boy suddenly ... tap she on the shoulder and scurries away ... she 's " it " . as the girl slowly get up to follow he , we see for the first time ... a hearing aid ... the boy disappear around a corner ... 5 int . next aisle - late afternoon 5 the girl come around the tall shelf into the next aisle when suddenly ... she eye go wide !!! what she see be the boy stand on a small box , stretching to reach a toy on a high shelf . she walk quickly to he when suddenly ... the toy fall . the girl instinctively slide to the ground and catch the toy just as it 's about to hit the ground ! on she face we can see she be terrified ! she close she eye , take a breath with relief . when she open they , in the foreground , we see the toy she be hold ... a small toy space shuttle . then in the distance past the toy we see ... a figure . she sit up to see a man stand outside the door of the general store , hold a large box with what look like a quilt hang out of it . a look of fear on he face ... soften , as he mime wiping he brow with relief . she smile , put the toy back on a shelf and run to he . 6 int . general store - front - late afternoon 6 the father gently put the box on the ground and pull back the piece of thick quilt to reveal that all the content be actually wrap in it . 4. he then reach for a large hiking back pack , and begin transfer the content of the box into the bag . as he do , we see ... can of food , a variety of prescription pill , bandage and wrap syringe . the girl arrive at he side and excitedly start rummage through the box as well . as she do , we see ... thick paintbrush , bottle of glue , bottle of lighter fluid and a stack of old newspaper . then ... she face light up . from the box , she pull out a salvaged security camera with wire expose . the girl give it a brief once over and then remove ... two expose circuit board , very obviously only recently remove from whatever appliance they belong to . the girl scan the board with a voracity , point out to the father particular area of interest . her father can not help but smile . suddenly , the box of amoxicillin come into frame and be place on top ... along with two box of sugar . the father look up at he wife . after a beat ... she sign : mother ( signing ) for my tea . he just keep look at she . mother ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) Fine . I have a sweet tooth . the father smile and be about to close the bag when ... a candy bar be place on top . daughter ( signing ) I too ! the father look up at she with fake incredulity . suddenly the sick son in he mother 's arm weakly sign : older son ( signing ) I too . the whole family laugh silently as the daughter gently take another candy bar from a box below the cash register ... we can now see why the box be almost empty . the father look back to he arrive four year old son , expect the same , but from behind he back the young boy reveal ... the toy space shuttle . with a sweet empathy the father reach for the toy ... and shake he head no . he turn the toy over and silently explain it have battery ... this toy can make noise . 5 . the little boy watch , confuse ... hurt , as he father gently place the space shuttle on the counter . and then gently grab a big lollipop and put it in the bag for the boy . the mother hand they sick son to the father who pick he up and walk out . the mother kiss she 4 year old on the head , shuffles the hike bag onto she back and walk out too . the daughter look at the boy as tear begin to fill he eye . she smile and sign : daughter ( signing ) it 's ok . the boy shake he head no . after a moment ... the girl look back to see if she parent be there . she then reach up and take the shuttle down from the counter . with wide eye she little brother watch as she surgically remove the battery ... and place the shuttle in the hood of she brother 's sweatshirt . cover it from view , she hold a finger up to she lip in the obligatory big sister way of tell he not to get she in trouble ... he beam ! she then stand up and place the battery back on the counter , smile at she brother and gesture " let 's go " . 7 ext . MAIN STREET - late afternoon 7 the daughter exit the General store and follow she mother and father , who be walk down the street only step on the sand path . they step be almost silent . after a moment ... she four year old brother follow behind she . we watch everyone walk in total silence . then ... 8 int . general store - late afternoon 8 we slowly push in to the counter of the store and then realize ... the batteries be gone ! 9 ext . road - late afternoon 9 a long road slice its way through a heavily wood area , which further block the already fade sun . 6 . in wide profile we see the family walk in a line , continue only on a sand path . the father be in front carry they sick son , then the mother with the backpack , then they blonde daughter ... and trail a bit behind rumble they robust 4 year old . 10 ext . bridge - late afternoon 10 from the ground we look up at a old and rusted bridge tower over we eerily ... the sand path continue across it . we track with the family as they walk across the bridge ... there be minor creak underneath the sand . suddenly we see ... the four year old stop just before the entrance of bridge . the family continue ... not see he . we follow the boy' hand as he fish around in he hood and pull out ... the toy shuttle . head on , we walk with the father , each member of he proud brood can be see walk behind he . we can hear he strain breath ... and the tiniest swish of the footstep in sand . head on , walk with the daughter ... we now suddenly hear nothing . as she look to be in she own world ... so we be in hers . a smile break on she face as she walk and breathes in total silence . we walk with she for a long moment , when suddenly behind she ... a flickering red and blue light . the girl do not turn . she just keep walk . still smile . as she look up to she mother , we go into : slow motion - from the girls' Pov , we see she mother and father spin around with a frantic shock on they face . - back on the girl . she look confuse at she parent behavior ... light again flash eerily behind her . - on the father rush to put the boy on the ground and turn to run . - on the mother , spin around with terror in she eye ... she look to be hold in a scream . - back on the girl slowly beginning to turn around at what she parent could be look at as we : 7. speed back up to normal a loud playful beep rush in ... from the blink shuttle . then , from the wood we hear ... the most unmistakeable horrifying .... screeeeeeeech !!! - on the mother as she slowly lower the backpack to the ground ... and she leg begin to fail she . - on the father run , violently shaking he head ... it look like he 's holding in a scream . - the tree behind they ... rustle and SNAP as something barrel through . - on the boy ... hold up he space ship proudly to he income father ... a enormous smile on he face . - on the father ... 20 foot away ... he face be a still frame of pure fear as he run to camera . then : the most immediate and terrifying combination of SOUND one could ever imagine . ... a shriek ?... a scream ? ... a crunch ? then ... on the father as ... a thin line of blood splatter on he face . - mid run , the father 's body immediately go limp ... fail he as he come to a halt just in front of camera . - then , as quickly as it come ... the SOUND be gone . - in wide profile , the father stand lifeless ... the two child stand freeze with fear ... the mother drop to she knee and ... a space shuttle blink silently in the sand . the four year old ... be gone . once again ... only the wind can be hear . black . 8. silence . fade in : title a quiet place 9 . still in black ... a new sound ... almost like that of the ocean . 11 ext . beach - late afternoon 11 the new sound continue . in the last of the day 's sunlight : we track , looking straight down , on ... what appear to be a empty beach . the pink light sand , now combine with a sound like the ocean , feel serene , almost otherworldly . slowly come into frame , we see the face of ... the daughter . this be regan abbott . her hair be much longer . she be now two year older , 12 . she just look ... different . regan lay in the sand with eye close ... but she be not asleep . with she brow furrow and she close eye darting back and forth she look oddly pain ... almost as if she be wishing herself to another place . there be movement in she hand as she finger caress a object . her eye suddenly pop OPEN as she sit up violently close up into our frame ! she look around with eye wet and red , attempt to regain she bearing . we slowly move around she to see what she see and be meet with ... a jarringly incongruous landscape ! instead of a glisten ocean , there in front of regan stand the tall sway stalk of ... a cornfield . as regan look to she lap we slowly TRAVEL down to reveal ... she be hold the toy shuttle . as she maneuver it through she finger we see the shuttle be damage ... there be 2 large gouge in the fuselage . suddenly ... something startles she as she snap she head to the side ! we go close on she hand drive the toy shuttle into the sand , not want it to be see . now only the shuttle's tail be expose in the foreground as we see a figure walk toward regan . come into focus be ... she mother . this be evelyn abbott . evelyn too have change . Hair longer ... frame lower . she carry a basket of vegetable . she be bare foot . evelyn stop and look down at she daughter give she a comforting smile . regan can not seem to return the same . 10 . evelyn gently gesture with she head . regan nod ... and evelyn walk on . after a moment ... regan place the toy shuttle into the large pocket in she dress and follow she mother . as she go : we pan to follow regan as she join she mother and then slowly rise to reveal that the two woman be walk along ... a long and wide sand path in the middle of a farm ! in the distance we can see they be head to ... a weathered red barn . we end our rise just as we reveal in the foreground ... Christmas light ? like parallel telephone wire , 2 cable of large bulb , one with red and one with white . they dance playfully in the wind . 12 int . truck - late afternoon 12 close up profile of a steering wheel in the foreground . a weathered chevy emblem reflect the fire orange sky in the background . hand come into frame and gently grip the steering wheel . the right hand then slowly move to the ignition block ... and turn . there be no sound . after a moment , the hand turn again ... again without sound . the hand turn a third time ... this time , the hand begin to bob ever so slightly ... as if the old car have start up . as the hand retract : we pull back to reveal ... the little brother . this be marcus abbott , now 10 . move ever so slightly , marcus be obviously pretend to drive ... though he impassive face betray the idea that he be have any fun . marcus seem to have age much more than the mere 2 year . his vacant eye tell we a large toll have be take on he , though perhaps not as easily recognizable on the exterior . 13 ext . truck - late afternoon 13 we move slowly in Pov along another large sand path with high grass on either side when suddenly it open up into a large clear and we see ... a tractor ?... shell of untouched farm equipment litter the open area . we slowly move left , make we way through , what be now nothing more than a eery farming vehicle graveyard . suddenly ... a dark figure enter the frame . 11 . 14 int . truck - late afternoon 14 marcus 's hand move silently along the steering wheel as he stare out the windshield . his body move ever so slightly , he face ... relax ... the hint of a smile . for a moment we could almost believe he be drive . his eye routinely check the side mirror , then the rearview mirror ... then stop . his hand ... and face fall . through the rear view mirror , we see a figure stand behind the truck amidst the sea of farm equipment . behind the figure we see ... a towering silo . 15 ext . truck - late afternoon 15 over the dark figure onto the truck as we see marcus expertly slip out of the cab window of a vintage chevy pickup that sit at the edge of a descending driveway connect to the road that head back toward the barn . he land in the sand without a sound and begin to walk , head hold low , toward the dark figure ... who reach he hand out and briefly touch Marcus ' shoulder . Marcus walk straight past . as marcus exit we boom up the dark figure as it turn , revealing ... leon abbott ( lee ) , 38 . lee too have change , though much more obviously . he have lose weight on he strong farmer frame , he wear a beard and he sink eye indicate that he have not sleep well ... in a long time . we pull back wide to reveal the sea of farm equipment sit in front of a long , dilapidate , work shed roof ... a makeshift repair shop . the word ` repair ' be write in flaking white paint that cling to the wood above . 16 ext . barn - sunset 16 the line of Christmas light dance in the foreground . we tilt down to see that the light run right in between ... two tower door of a weathered red barn . the door have be leave open by a gap of just over 2 foot . the edge of the door ... be wrap in foam ... suddenly marcus walk into frame ... and enter the barn . 17 int . barn - sunset 17 we tilt down from the line of unilluminated Christmas light run below the high reach ceiling and ... 12 . onto marcus ' back as he walk through two heavy quilt at the entry of the barn hang from the ceiling . through the quilt , a dirt floor guide we through this ... barn ? the surroundings be too difficult to fully comprehend at first glance . to the leave be several large horse stall . we quickly pan inside to see they be now ... bedroom . mattress , perfectly make up , lie on the floor next to lamp and small stack of book . clothes on hanger dangle between each of the bar provide not only storage , but limited privacy . to the right be a large pen with railing . once a hold area for cow await milk , it be now ... a live room . Hay bale drape in blanket and old wooden chair surround a overturn pig trough , now serve as a coffee table cover in book and drip candle . as marcus continue we notice the wall . every inch be meticulously cover in a bizarre but elegant cornucopia of ... trash . foam , cardboard , and old newspaper be glue to the wall in thick layer . if one be able to look past the obvious first assumption of a hovel or domicile of hoarder , they would see almost ... a deliberate beauty in the decor ... a warmth . this be a well maintain and loving ... home . we follow on marcus ' back as he suddenly come to ... a mattress laying on the ground ? marcus bend down and after a brief struggle push the mattress to one side to reveal ... a large hole ... we follow just behind marcus ... as he descend down the ground ... 18 int . barn - safe room - sunset 18 we now see marcus have descend a makeshift stairwell into ... a small excavate room illuminate by work light . lodge up against the wall and across the ceiling be wooden beam . in between each beam be vary stage of a elaborate process of insulation and sound proofing that consist of a thick layer of newspaper as a base and then blanket and pillow squeeze in on top . there be a hay bale up against one wall and a mattress lean up against another . in the middle of the room , marcus walk past ... evelyn , who be bent over behind a odd wooden box . suddenly she stand up , hold a beautiful and delicate ... baby mobile . as she turn and reach the mobile high in the air to a beam above she we get a clear shot ... of she protrude belly . 13 . even a layman guess would put she over 8 month . evelyn gently tap the mobile as we : be now close on the small duck and cloud move through the air , evelyn below look up ... with a smile . marcus sit down next to regan who be on the floor next to a stack of old newspaper and bottle of glue . she remove a large sheet of newspaper from a plastic tray of glue , let it drip ... and then apply it to the wall with a thick paintbrush . as she move the paintbrush vertically down the drip white , a piece of a image can be see ... it be a bra ad . regan slowly look over to marcus ... who stare at it . back on evelyn as she remove the top of the odd wooden box . we follow she hand in to reveal ... a heavily quilt inside with adorable baby blanket , a small teddy bear ... and a clear plastic air mask ?? evelyn 's finger fumble with something in the corner until she finally thread through ... a thin plastic tube ... and connect it to the air mask . it look similar to a emergency breathe apparatus one might see in a ambulance or hospital ... because it be . back on marcus , as he now remove a large piece of drip newspaper out of the tray and place it on the wall . like he sister , he swipe he thick paintbrush vertically down the drip white , this time partially revealing a front page headline . it read ... `age of Mass ' marcus look at it inquisitively ... and then swipe the paintbrush horizontally across the whole headline . it read : `image of massacred military shock the world ' marcus freeze ... then look below to see the top of a grainy newspaper photograph . all we can make out be ... a twisted human arm . his hand slowly begin to shake as he raise the paintbrush to reveal the rest of the image ... when suddenly : a pillow fly into frame !!!!!! marcus jump !!!!!... only to see he mom hold a pillow over the newspaper with a know look . after a beat , she hand marcus a long piece of tape to secure the pillow to the wall . 14 . 19 ext . repair yard silo - roof - sunset to dusk 19 on the back of ... lee , perch on what look like the top of the world . from this great height we get we first wide shot of the large farm that we now see sit in a clear on a ridge ... surround by the tangle forest of the appalachian mountain . a puff of smoke rise from lee 's silhouette as he suddenly raise a hand into frame ... and check he watch . a moment later ... as if on cue ... a line of christmas light flicker to life above the wide sand path regan be lay on . another line of white Christmas light flicker on ... this time revealing a path that connect the weathered red barn ... to a old white farmhouse . then another line of light ... and another ! like the image of a city power grid come back to life , we see a labyrinth of countless sand path , meticulously laid out , illuminate all over the farm in a beautiful expanse . now in profile , lee stare down ... seemingly at nothing . the unfiltered cigarette burn to he finger , cause lee to snap out of he stupor . he look around at the horizon , it be officially sundown . he reach for a plastic bottle of ... lighter fluid ... and spray all its content into a shallow metal drum in front of he . another cigarette appear from below frame . he put it in he mouth and then reach he hand ... into he jacket . his right arm jiggle slightly . there be no sound . his arm jiggle again . then from he jacket , lee pull ... a fully lit lighter , that he protect from the wind . he light he cigarette and then lean he hand to the metal drum ... a huge flame erupt . in the glow orange we see lee take a long drag of he cigarette . his face have no affect . after several moment the flame begin to weaken and slowly fade . suddenly , far far off in the distance on the ridge ... another flame illuminate . lee do not even look up . then , mile past the first ... another flame !... then another ! until we can see behind lee 5 glow fire scattered far off across the ridge . on lee as he glance over and register ... then back to stare front as we : 15 . move around behind he to see where he gaze be focus . then ... we see it . there , in he leave hand lee hold ... a 5x6 nursery school photo of a 4 year old boy . lee take a last drag of he cigarette ... and then place the photo in a small box at he foot . we be tight on the BOX as lee stand and walk toward two curve bar on the side of the silo . he turn around ... and begin to descend a ladder . we hold on the SMALL BOX ... then just as lee 's head disappear ... we slowly begin to rise . now look at the opposite side of the ridge than we do in the beginning , the rise moon 's light now spill across the vista of rock and tree and onto a enormous and bizarrely out of place .... crater ! we hold on the crater for a long moment ... then : 20 int . barn - live room - night 20 we be close on a small mound of dirt . suddenly two hand cover in winter glove enter frame and begin to dig down about 3 inch to reveal ... a plank of wood . wider now , we see evelyn on she hand and knee just behind the live room set up in a open , very make - shift kitchen . one wall of shelf cluttere with stack of paper plate , bowl and cup . another wall be a workbench act as a counter top and a mid 70' refrigerator . evelyn extract from the dirt a long wooden box . beneath it ... red hot rock let off a combination of steam and smoke . evelyn bring the box to the counter top and carefully lift the lid to reveal ... a perfectly cook fish with lemon and rosemary and garlic scattered all around . 21 int . barn - bedroom - night 21 we track with regan as she walk down the row of horse stall bedroom . regan arrive at the threshold of lee and evelyn 's bedroom . lee be face away from she , wash he face in a long trough like sink that run the length of the room . suddenly , through the mirror lean on the wall , lee see she ... but do not turn . 16 . through the mirror , the two of they look silently at each other for a moment too long ... it be heartbreaking . regan pathetically gesture " eat " . as lee nod , try to muster a polite smile we can see very clearly ... something be break . lee wipe he face with a towel and then turn to face ... a empty doorway . 22 int . barn - table - night 22 the family sit down together for dinner ... around a old workbench . they head bow in prayer , after a moment evelyn lift she head and they begin to eat . there be no plate . the food sit on various child 's plastic placemat . there be no utensil ... the family use only bread to collect food . we slowly pull back on this silent ... but comfortingly familiar scene . 23 int . barn - live room - night 23 regan and marcus lie on the floor play ... Monopoly . by the dim light of a oil lantern ... we can see the game 's board be the same , but the piece be small color bobble of wool , the kind you would find on a child 's Christmas sweater . the house and hotel be empty sugar packet , blue and pink . and the money ?... small piece of green , red , blue and orange fabric rectangle ... all equally size . marcus be five space away from he sister 's hotel on boardwalk . he take a sip of water and place the cup on top of a tall crate be use as a makeshift side table . marcus look at he sister , who can not hide she smile . he mime a prayer before roll the dice on the dirt floor , where it make no noise ............... 5 ! marcus slowly look up to regan , know he fate . regan smile pointedly and then reach for marcus ' money . as marcus thrust he arm back to protect he bank , he elbow ... hit the oil lantern !! a booming crash !!!! as the oil lantern hit the ground and shatter . the SOUND feel huge !.. as it be the first big SOUND we've heard ! FIRE erupt on the floor !!! the child stare freeze in horror ! lee immediately jump up from the table and instinctively grab a quilt and throw it on the fire . with a few silent pat ... the fire be go . 16a . silence . everyone freeze !!!!... no one be breathing !!! regan shoot marcus a look ... of concern . marcus shoot lee a look ... of terror . lee shoot a look ... to the roof . 17 . on lee as he stand up into frame . he have almost physically transformed from a man ... into protection incarnate . he slowly raise a stiff finger to he lip , he body so tense ... it look painful . this be the unwanted version of himself that lie just millimeter under he skin ... 24 hour a day . after a long moment ... nothing ... it would have happen by now ... lee finally nod that everything be ok . marcus stare at regan with a painfully apologetic face as she lean in and touch he hand . bang !!! the whole family startles in silence !!! ... something have hit the roof . everyone be frozen ... looking at the ceiling . second later a high pitch shrieeeeeek of claw slide down the aluminum roof . the family follow the sound exactly with they eye . then silence . lee crouch down and walk to a small window where the sound stop above . marcus wildly shake he head " no " , evidence of he traumatic anxiety resurfacing . regan slowly stand , look on with wide eye . lee arrive at the window , crouch . from he low vantage point we can see the lip of the gutter ... and the eerily sway Christmas light . lee begin to stand up slowly , he face now virtually press against the glass . suddenly , a whir of screeching and growling !!! a large shape fall past the window !!!! ... as two raccoon hit the ground , fight ... then scamper off into the dark . lee somehow exhales slowly and calmly ... a trick that , no doubt , take much practice ... and walk away from the window . 23a ext . cornfield 23a the two raccoon round the corner onto a moonlit path head toward camera .. just as they come into close up ... 18 . a giant black claw crush down onto the first raccoon head ... and then rip it out of frame . we hold on the second raccoon run off with a soft but pierce scream . 24 ext . farm - night 24 it be night . from high above , we look down to the sand path between the red barn and the white farmhouse . in the foreground we see the shadow of a telephone pole . sitting on the wire in silhouette ... be bird . 25 ext . sand path - night 25 from the ground , we see the farmhouse in the distance ... but something be different . the color seem wrong ... the angle be odd . the foreground be over expose and tiny dot fly in and out of the frame . suddenly ... a giant foot step into frame !!!! ... and then another ... as we watch two bare foot ... then the hem of a dress ... and then the silhouette of ... evelyn walk silently toward the house . 26 int . farmhouse - basement - night 26 we slowly pull back from that same shot of the farmhouse and reveal ... a plastic frame ... a red light ... button . we realize this image be be view ... on a small monitor . cctv footage ... from a security camera . we continue to pull back slowly as ... another monitor come into frame ... with another stack on top of it ... then one next to it ... and another ... until we reveal , like something out of a Dr. seuss book , a wall of 20 tv 's , all shape and brand sit on top of a large workbench cover with open notebook and slice up newspaper . on each screen we see element of tree ... sand path ... the barn ... the silo . this be a diy version of a security console that overlook the entire farm ... and it have take a long time to put together . we begin to track past the empty security console and onto a cinder block wall ... cover in note and newspaper clipping . then ... ... we barely hear a tiny , almost familiar , SOUND . ... then a handful of SMALL beeping sound . 19 . suddenly a portion of one visible newspaper clipping show a close up and much more detailed image of ... the enormous crater . the headline read : ` number of confirmed global landing site grow to 128 ' a post - it note stick to the clipping that read : land 10-18-2018 we pass by more clipping , catch glimpsis of dramatic headline and surreal image : ` president call for emergency evac in all major city ' ` church , mosque , temple flooded with people ' we pass by a grainy newspaper photo of a military stand off ... with one creature . the headline read : `military expert agree : " indestructible " ... again we hear that familiar SOUND as it get louder . we continue to TRAVEL as ... a map enter frame . like one you would get at a gas station , it be cover in illustrate forest and river ... it be a map of the state of new york . the portion above Manhattan ... be cover in hand draw red circle and pin , each accompany with a date and name ... of the dead . we move further along to reveal ... low quality still of security footage barely show ... the creature . each still be draw on and analyze . then ... a large white board cover in write come into frame , lean against the wall . amidst the scratch of write and rewritten thought , we can make out two list label , ` question ' and `confirmed ' in the ` question ' column be list ; " no demand ? " , " no sign of organization " , " blind ? " " how many ? " ... " SOUND ... why not attack all SOUND ? " in the `confirmed ' column be phrase like ; " 4-6 confirmed in pack " ... , " do not attack SMALL sound " . then we see the phrase " do not eat kill " . we move to the very bottom of the white board where we see the word ... " weapon ??? " ... list below word be cross out ... " explosive " ... " FIRE " ... " chemical " ... 20 . again we hear that familiar SOUND ... now louder . ... then again the handful of SMALL beeping sound . we move off of the white board and scan past anatomical drawing of a shark sensing prey using magnetic field , dolphins navigating through mine field , the electromagnetic spectrum and finally image of ... the inner ear ... we now move through meticulously organize shelf cover in tool ... and wire ... and various piece of salvage electronic equipment and finally onto ... lee' back . he be hunch over the workbench work intensely on something ... he be wear large black headphone . we see he reach out of frame as we : we push past a old microphone that be connect to ... a old transatlantic ham radio . in the glow light from the box we see all kind of knob and needle . below a switch label with two sticker that say " radio " and " speaker " , lee' hand come into frame and turn a large knob revealing ... the source of our familiar SOUND ... lee be searching for a signal . any sign . any sign ... of life . suddenly ... he press down on a button on the microphone ... ... the handful of SMALL beeping sound ... be morse code . ... there be no response . we follow lee 's hand off of the button and onto ... a small solder iron . as he pick it up : we go to lee at he workspace . with magnify glass in front of he eye , he work with surgery like precision ... on a small contraption . a small string of smoke rise from he work . 27 int . farmhouse - basement - step - night 27 we be over the warmly , light from above , stairwell with lee at he work station in the background as ... delicate bare foot touch down softly , and deliberately on the step ... like a child know where to step so they do not wake they parent . we boom up to reveal ... evelyn as she stare at she husband , who have not hear she , worried ?... admire ?... lose ? 21 . a flicker of a memory echoe through she face as she smile and then walk to he ... evelyn be wearing ear bud . on lee as a hand touch down gently on he shoulder ... he do not flinch at all . there be immediate recognition there ... Safety . the hand then reach down ... and remove Lee 's headphone . the sound of the search radio in the headphone be nearly inaudible . lee sit back and hold up ... a hearing aid . it look like a somewhat common hearing aid ... but with handcraft modification ... upgrade . there be a wire extension that extend from the top ... almost like a adapter or plug . the hand gently grab lee 's face and turn it . lee look up at evelyn who he now see ... be wear lipstick , have pull she hair back ... and have change into a beautiful dress . this ... be date night . lee smile as evelyn take a step back and with the gentlest of movement , she sweetly beckon he to she . lee look back at he work for just a moment , he face once again ... focus . then he lay the hearing aid down on the table ... and stand up . we hold on the hearing aid and then slowly pull back to reveal ... a pile of more hearing aid , each with a variety of different modification , scattered all around he work bench . this be something he have be work on for a long while . we tilt up from the workbench to see ... lee arrive at he wife 's side as she put she hand up on he neck and smile up at he warmly , as if there be no where else to be ... nothing to make she happier . face to face now , lee finally allow a smile , look down at he time test partner . evelyn 's eye close as she place she forehead to he and the two begin to gently sway ... in total silence . suddenly ... evelyn take lee 's hand from around she back ... and place they on she protrude belly . after a moment she look up lovingly at she husband to see ... lee' smile have disappeared . staring down at the belly , he face look ... lost . know this man inside and out , evelyn keep she gaze firmly into she husband 's eye and slowly move she hand up lee be arm and gently onto he face . holding more than he visage in she hand ... lee finally look up at she . 22 . evelyn smile with recognition of the man she marry as she right hand travel to she right ear . she remove the earbud from she ear ... and seamlessly place it in he , as : music rush in ! the only record on the record player , this be the song they be marry to . this be ... neil young's harvest moon perhaps it 's due to the lack of sound thus far in the movie ... or maybe the marrying image of the two dance , but the sound of the song be crystal clear . we can perfectly hear every chord , every tremor of vocal chord as we : pull back on this perfect moment ... through the basement ... to the small rectangular basement window to reveal ... water hit the glass . 28 ext . farmhouse - night 28 we see a strong rain pour down around the house . 29 ext . farm - morning 29 a beautiful crisp morning . 30 ext . farmhouse - sand path - day 30 from the porch of the farmhouse , as water drip down from overhead , we slowly travel along the sand path toward the barn when suddenly we arrive at ... a small stream of water cut right through a , now wash away , segment of the sand path . suddenly lee 's bare foot enter frame ... and then a large hike backpack enter frame next to he . on lee as we see a momentary glimpse into the painstake , and never end , workload that go into maintain this farm . close on hand as lee 's bare finger gouge into the unforgive earth at the edge of the sand path to divert the water . Stones come into frame to form a temporary wall . then ... lee hoist , the very obviously heavy , hike bag onto he knee . he then slowly and silently undoe a handmade flap at the bottom of the backpack . from the open of the bag pour ... sand . 23 . quickly and silently , sand pile up on the ground as we witness for the first time , lee 's ingenious system that have keep he family safe all this time . 31 int . barn - safe room - day 31 close up of a gauge ... very faint burst of air can be hear . we slowly pull back to reveal evelyn sit on a hay bale ... with a blood pressure sleeve on she arm and a stethoscope in she ear . behind she be a shelf full of bandage and iv bag . she stop pump the bulb , stare down at the gauge ... and then gently let the air out and remove the sleeve . evelyn mark she daily blood pressure on a calendar next to she . on this calendar we see ... she estimate due date be 4 week away . after a moment , she lean over and place the bottom part of the stethoscope ... onto she belly . a faint sound of adjust and then ... lub dub ... lub dub ... the baby heartbeat engulf US !!! 32 ext . farmhouse - day 32 we creep slowly along the sand path head toward the front door of the farmhouse . suddenly ... regan step into frame , walk deliberately ... as if tiptoeing . 33 int . farmhouse - day 33 regan reach the front door of the farmhouse ... and stop at the threshold . as she look down at the wear wood floor , scan , we can notice ... deliberately paint marking on the floor . just then , regan take a dramatically long step inside , place she foot down ... directly on the first color mark ... silence . look almost relieved , regan once again scan the floor and then focus on another mark . she take another long step , this time far to she right ... and touch down on the next mark ... silence . it almost look like she 's play ` twister ' . get more confident , she scan the room , find another spot and step quickly . 24 . 34 int . farmhouse - basement stair - day 34 we look directly up the basement stair toward the warm hallway at the top . suddenly ... regan take a long step into frame . her silhouette look down the dark stairwell . after a moment , she slowly put she foot down on the first step ... when suddenly ... a dark figure appear behind her and grab her !!!!! 35 ext . farmhouse - day 35 close on regan ... as she be place down onto the sand path . a hand cover her mouth ! as regan spin around we see ... lee kneel in front of she . lee ( signing ) you cannot go down there ! regan ( signing ) why not ??? lee ( signing ) you know why . regan ( signing ) I will not make a sound !!! I be not a child !!! lee pause ... that line sting . lee ( signing ) just ... do not . the two stare into each other 's eye communicate more than any sign language could . suddenly ... lee reach up to she face ?... his still dirty hand push the hair back over she right ear ? it seem so uncharacteristically warm and gentle when suddenly ... lee reach into he pocket with he right hand and pull out ... the hearing aid from the night before . lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) this time , I be able to use small amplifier from the stereo speaker to -- 25 . regan ( signing ) it will not work . lee ( signing ) no , we problem have always be power , but this should increase the frequency to -- regan ( signing ) it never work !! lee ( signing ) ... but we will keep try till it do . regan look up at he blankly ... as lee reach to bring the new hearing aid up to she ear when suddenly ... regan push he hand away . lee reach up to she ear to try again ... regan push he hand away again , give he a cold stare . with so much history behind it ... it 's a bizarrely heartbreaking altercation . he try again ... she push again ... even harder . lee look at he daughter as she look at he ... she venomous face , betrayed by the large tear that roll down she cheek . after a long moment ... regan snatch the hearing aid from she father 's hand and walk away . 36 int . barn - hay loft - day 36 on marcus ' back as he scribbles in a notebook . we go close to see ... marcus be write in a math notebook . his pencil suddenly pause , move up the page through a long math problem ... and stop again . suddenly ... a finger come into frame .... and point at a different part of the problem . we pull out to reveal ... evelyn and marcus sit in a small curate area with a desk , book shelf and a white board cover in various phrase , shape and equation . we suddenly realize evelyn ... be home schooling he ! marcus suddenly nod and once again begin write as evelyn look out the small door of the hay loft and down to the sand path below ... as lee arrive . suddenly ... marcus ( signing ) ... please do not make I go ... 26 . evelyn look over to see marcus 's face ... awash with panic . evelyn ( signing ) you will be fine . you father will always protect you . marcus grab her arm tight !... it startle her . with tear in he eye , he mouth to she ... " please ! " evelyn ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) listen to I ... it be important that you learn this thing . he just want you to be able to take care of yourself ... marcus look at she . evelyn ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) take care of I ! evelyn lighten the conversation by pretend to age in front of we eye . evelyn ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) ... when I be old ... and grey ... evelyn lean on he . marcus can not help but smile . evelyn ( cont 'd ) ... and I have no tooth ... evelyn pretend to have no tooth ... be too much for marcus to hold back he silent laugh . 37 ext . barn - day 37 over lee' large shoulder we barely see marcus ... move ever so slightly in one direction and then another . on lee , with a large hike pack on he back . he adjust the strap of a backpack on marcus . lee ( signing ) too tight ? marcus shake he head no . lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) good . marcus ( signing ) no ... I do not want to go . 27 . lee look up at evelyn . then back to marcus . lee ( signing ) there 's nothing to be scared of . marcus ( signing ) ...of course there be . suddenly behind lee we see ... regan appear . regan ( signing ) I will go . lee look over at he daughter and pause . lee ( signing ) no , no . I need you to stay here and help you mother . lee stand up . to evelyn : lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) we will be back before dinner . regan ( signing ) I want to go . lee ( signing ) just stay here . you will be safe . lee turn to evelyn ... who look at he with slight disappointment . lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) ... next time . lee pause ... and then kiss evelyn . lee and marcus walk down a sand path toward the wood . evelyn turn to regan ... who be already walk away . 38 int . barn - regan be room - day 38 regan enter ... and throw the hearing aid she father make she onto the dirt floor . this be the first time we have see she bedroom . it be sparse . a hay bale cover in bed sheet ... a small crate with a neat pile of book inside and several candle on top ... a small wooden mirror lean against the wall . regan drop to she knee . on the ground we now see all kind of electronic equipment and tool . 28 . Architectural drawing be pin to the wall . it be like a mini version of she father 's work bench . regan grab she pillow , rip the pillow case off ... and begin furiously pack . she grab clothes , a water bottle , a notepad and then ... the toy shuttle . she get up to leave and then look back ... at the hearing aid on the ground . close on regan 's profile as she hand come into frame and move to the hearing aid she currently wear . suddenly ... a long wire be slowly pull from deep in she ear canal . regan 's eye wince with almost a snap of pressure as the wire come loose . regan then gently feed the new hearing aid into she ear ... and pause . suddenly ... regan click on the new hearing aid . ........................................ nothing . we watch the thin veil of anger on regan 's face cascade into honest sorrow as regan 's eye squeeze shut brutal disappointment . we pull out to see regan sit quietly on the floor . the quake of she shoulder betray she ... as we watch she cry . after a moment ... she reach for a pillow case ... and exit . 39 ext . wood - valley pathway - day 39 from a distance lee lead marcus down a thin sand path that cut down the steep valley side and through the lush and learn evergreen of the mountain 's canopy . marcus walk rigid , like one would in the dark . his saucer eye furtively clock every detail of he surroundings . lee walk casually and confidently , periodically turn to wait patiently for he son . this be a day of teach . on marcus as lee put a hand quickly , but gently on he son' chest , stop he in he track . lee focus down the path . off marcus 's quaking face peer around he father : we too move around from behind lee to see ... a deer ... sit in the middle of the sand path . a adolescent buck , it hold it 's impressive , but still delicate antler upright and proud as it stare directly at lee and marcus . 29 . a image obviously long think impossible , the moment carry a certain calm ... almost spiritual . after a long moment , the buck effort its way to its foot . then turn and deftly step ... perfectly along the sand path ... and disappear . 40 ext . farmhouse - day 40 close on the roof of the farmhouse . Water from the previous night 's storm still drip off the edge . we slowly TRAVEL down the drainpipe run along the side of the house when suddenly ... the drain stop ... and we see pvc pipe have be attach instead . we continue along the pvc piping to the bottom where we see the pvc pipe bend ... and go straight through a shatter pane of the basement window . 41 int . farmhouse - basement - day 41 from inside the shatter pane , we now follow the pvc pipe into ... a old wash machine ... now fill with rain water . suddenly ... a piece of clothing slowly come into frame and silently descend into the water . we widen out to see evelyn place more clothes into a washer ... that be unplugge . we see that she be simply use the corrugate tumbler inside as a wash board . she remove a large plaid shirt just above the water line ( still inside the tumbler ) and squeeze it dry . the action be virtually inaudible . close up on a small pile of clothes be stack onto other clothes . then a cinch . evelyn stand up over the newly pack cloth laundry bag ... then bend backward , attempt to relieve a pain in she back . when she 's do , she pick up the full laundry bag with one hand ... and another full laundry bag with the other . evelyn struggle to the foot of the stair with the two bag and put they down . she then take a deep breath look up the stairwell and begin to ascend ... again carefully place she foot on specific spot on each step . holding one bag as high as she can and drag the second behind she ... it 's uncomfortable watch a fully pregnant woman traverse in this manner . we go close on several stair as evelyn be foot step up ... and drag the bag up the first step ... then the second . 30 . her foot disappear . as she drag the bag up onto the third ... it catch on a bent nail in the stair !! on evelyn , not see the cause , pull again ... and begins to fall !!!!!! she catch herself on the wall , she eye light up ... breathe heavily ... she 's ok ! she quietly pick up the bag again and pull once more . close up on : the tip of a nail in the step lifting off the step , almost straight up ... and then releasing the bag . on evelyn , satisfied , as she drag the bag to the top of the stair and disappear . we rack focus to reveal , in the foreground ... the nail stand straight up !!! 42 ext . farm - driveway - late afternoon 42 close on bare feet ... walk along a sand path . we boom up to reveal ... regan walk with purpose . in she hand she carry a pillowcase . Inside the pillowcase ... a irregular shape . after a moment , she look up to ... the telephone pole . sitting on the power line be ... more bird . there be something buoyant about they . something ... oblivious . 43 ext . river - late afternoon 43 a immediate and jarring sound of water rush in as we be : tight on moving water over rock . [ note : the SOUND will continue throughout the entirety of this scene ] we tilt up to the tall grass of a riverbed . suddenly ... lee and marcus exit from the tree . on marcus as he take in the picturesque landscape . he have never be here before . suddenly , he eye slowly move down to the ground . close on he bare feet ... at the very edge of the sand path . there be nowhere else to go . 31 . marcus watch as lee take off he backpack and place it at the edge of the river . then , he kneel down and look intently into the water . suddenly ... lee 's face soften . he take one more look back at he son ... and then plunge he hand into the river . marcus look on confuse as he father seem to yank and pull at something . suddenly ... lee 's hand burst out of the water hold a handmade wooden contraption . marcus start to back away ... pull that contraption out of the water definitely made a SOUND !!! marcus ' eye shoot around into the tree , up the river , look ... listen ... when suddenly ... lee pull out a large trout from the trap ... the fish thrashes wildly and then ... it break free from lee' hand ! it drop down onto lee' bag flapping and thrashing ... and making noise !!!! marcus go white ! what have he father do ???? marcus sign ... marcus ( signing ) they be go to hear you ... they be go to hear you !! in one swift move , lee pin the trout to the ground and grab he son , pull he in close . lee silently calm he son down , coax he to take deep breath . as marcus tremble ... lee raise he hand ... and sign ... lee ( signing ) not ... if there be a constant sound nearby that be louder . marcus do not understand . lee show he . first , he reach down to the ground and place he hand off the path move the dirt slightly . he repeat ... lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) small sound ... safe . lee 's hand move back to the trout ... repeat lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) Big sound ... not . unless ... lee 's hand move to the move water of the river ... repeat lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) there be a constant sound nearby that be louder ... to mask it . 32 . suddenly the trout flap again . marcus look down ... then up to he dad ... his brain processing . lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) you know what ?... lee check he watch ... then look up river ... then back to he son . lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) ... I want to show you something . 44 ext . farmhouse - late afternoon 44 disorient , we move through a wall of dance color . then suddenly we see ... evelyn , as she hold up a piece of clothing and pin it to a clothes line . the scene be oddly ... beautiful . as the clothes on the line dance , we can suddenly see , behind evelyn ... a old fallen tree through the backside of the house . 45 int . farmhouse - upstair hall - late afternoon 45 we track slowly along through the bannister of the upstairs hallway when suddenly ... evelyn be head appear . we continue with she as she slowly walk up the stair ... almost as if compel . as she ascend , look right past camera , we get a clear look into the bedroom behind she . in one room , we catch glimpsis of a pop music poster , a pink desk ... and a empty bed frame . in the next , we see a nerf basketball hoop , a life size pokemon doll ... and half build lego strewn across the floor . ... neither room have door . evelyn finally crest the top of the stair and walk out of frame . 46 int . waterfall - late afternoon 46 a bizarre and beautiful image and sound ! Light dance and bend through a cascade rampart we finally identify as ... a waterfall . we pan over to see lee and marcus enter from outside and slide along the rock wall . marcus look up to he father , incredulous . lee look down at he . after a moment , with a mischievous smile on he face , lee ... 33. hoot loudly !!! this be the first vocalized SOUND we will have heard in the movie !!!! marcus ' eye shoot up to he father , immediately scared again ! his father look out at the waterfall ... and hoot again !!!... the way one would walk in a tunnel with they child . lee turn to marcus and crouch down , gently hold he tremble son 's shoulder . lee ... you be alright . these be the first word we have heard in the movie ... and the first word marcus have heard in 4 year !!!! we be on marcus ' face ... stare ... shaking ... somewhere between terror and wonderment . lee ( cont 'd ) ... I promise . his father smile and nod comfortingly ... finally marcus ... meekly hoot ! his father 's head gently tilt , as if to say " you can do better " . marcus look back out the rush water , then back to he father ... and hoot loudly !!! lee ( cont 'd ) now ... that 's more like it . the smile on marcus and lee 's face can only be describe as ... once in a lifetime . 47 ext . road - late afternoon 47 we move slowly along a road , panning down from gargantuan tree ... until we finally reveal ... regan walk towards camera . suddenly come into frame all around she be ... the bridge . 34 . we follow regan as she walk across the bridge , now more overgrown with weed and root . then suddenly ... regan come to a stop ... and kneel down in sand as : we continue to move back slowly . suddenly come into frame be the top of .... a hand made cross !!! regan reach into she pillow case and pull out ... the toy shuttle . we follow regan's hand as she deftly remove one of the color plastic piece underneath . it quietly slide off to reveal ... a battery panel and several multicolor wire . she reach into the front pocket of she dress and pull out plier and quickly cut the green wire . regan reach into the pocket of she dress again and pull out ... battery ! she slide the battery in confidently . we follow regan 's hand as they move to the base of the cross and place ... the toy shuttle in the sand . we now see that the shuttle sit amongst a pile of other weathered toy ... and flower . regan pause ................. and then flip the tiny switch . ... red and blue light cascade over her face ... ... but no sound . 48 int . farmhouse - bedroom - late afternoon 48 we be tight on evelyn 's back as she walk through another door-less threshold . as she continue into the room , we begin to see the wall ... cover in rocket ship . over evelyn as she eye stop ... on a cartoon mobile of the planet . she tap it ... exactly as she tapped the mobile in the baby 's room ... this time watch it orbit around ... without a smile . wide on the room for the first time we see ... the room be meticulous . the bed be make ... the toy perfectly place on the shelf . close on the bed ... as evelyn sit down slowly . Light flood through the original pane window ... casting the shadow of a cross on the floor in front of she . evelyn look over to the small night stand by the bed where a lamp and a hand make mirror sit . 35 . suddenly , she lift up the mirror ... and dust the table with the washcloth from the line . evelyn stare out the window oddly ... at peace . as lee have he ritual atop the silo to contemplate on the irreversible loss of he son ... evelyn have this . evelyn ... keep she son 's spirit alive . 49 int . waterfall - late afternoon 49 close on a water bladder poke into the rush wall of water . fill immediately , we : pull back and follow lee ... as he sit down on a rock next to he son and hand he the bladder . marcus drink as lee look on ... a brightness wash over he . this be a moment of ... calm . a moment ... of family . a moment ... of real life . we follow the bladder as marcus hand it up to he father , who happily take a large swig . suddenly we hear : marcus ( o.s. ) why do not you let she come with we ? lee look down at he son . lee ( o.s. ) because ... I need to keep she safe . marcus ( o.s. ) ... be it because you blame she for what happen ? lee freeze instantly ... he heart stop . finally he look down at he son ... in shock ? in awe ? marcus ( cont 'd ) because she blame herself ... lee 's eye blink and flutter as he try to gain control of he thought ... lee no , I do not bl --... it be no one 's fault . marcus ... you still love she , right ? 36 . lee of -- of course I do . pause . marcus ... you should tell she . 50 int . farmhouse - bedroom - late afternoon 50 close on evelyn in the hand made mirror , as she stare at the frame ... make up of colorful zoo animal stare back at she . at the top of the mirror , the name ... " beau " from the doorway , we be wide on the room as evelyn stand up and slowly make she way to the door carry the small mirror . just as she reach the doorway ... she stop . her body tighten . her face ... change . her hand shake as it reach out to the side of the doorway . we hold on her a moment and then go : close on she foot rock slightly in the doorway . suddenly ...... fluid hit the floorboard !!!! 51 ext . wood - late afternoon 51 lee and marcus appear through a oddly beautiful exit from the wood and begin walk along a path . profile on lee as we see the tall thin tree of a swamp behind he . profile on marcus from the opposite side as swamp tree be also behind he . suddenly ... a dilapidated house come into frame . marcus turn to look . marcus ' Pov of the eery house ... that stand as a reminder that people once live here happily . close on marcus look up on the house . his face ... now fearful . suddenly , behind marcus , just out of focus in the short distance ... a dark shadow !!! no sooner have the figure exite frame , marcus ... crash into he father ... who be stand completely still . 37 . marcus look up at he father ... who stare off sharply into the short distance ... over marcus as he slowly lean around he father to see what he 's look at , when suddenly we see ... a terrifying man at the edge of the swamp !!! a human form unlike anything most of we ever will ... or should get to see , the man 's emaciate body quake and then shudder as if a synapse misfire . his face be sink ... almost ghoulish and the look in he pitch black eye communicate something far beyond fearful . much worse , this be the rare look of a brain that have accept a live nightmare ... as a everyday reality . on marcus as he slowly raise he hand ... into a wave . on the man ... who do not move . on lee as he eye travel slowly down the man 's frame . on lee' perspective as we see the man 's dirt cover face , then a ratty and rip flannel shirt , and then ... blood cover hand ... blood cover jeans ... and finally at he foot , in the high grass ... long hair and a hand of .... a dead woman on lee as he eye slowly come back up to meet the man' . lee now also raise he hand ... and place a tense finger on he lip . on the man ... as two large tear run down he face . in he eye ... the know fear of the end of he life as ... he take a deep breath in . lee immediately grab marcus . tight on lee sprinting down the path carry he son . over he shoulder , the man in the background : lets out a primal scream !!!!!! ... a bottomless sound of pain and surrender , the sound blast onto we like a wave . lee suddenly dive behind a hallow out tree trunk and throw marcus ' back up against it . on marcus as he father clasp he hand over he mouth . marcus ' eye widen as overwhelming panic take over . 38 . on lee as he look down at he son ... with the most beautiful sense of calm . the way one hold the hand of someone in they last second on earth , lee 's smile be pure comfort ... pure love . suddenly we hear ... the familiar terrifying screeeeeeeech ! on marcus ... who begin violently shaking he head ... he soul seemingly come out through he skin . then suddenly we hear ... the snapping of tree ! on lee as he look now shoot to the tree line behind the man when suddenly ... we hear the man 's primal scream of pain turn into ... a animal sound of death . back on marcus as he cover he ear . through the muffle of marcus ' cover ear we can still hear ... the most horrific sound of ultimate pain ... crunching ... and then ... pop !!!! a deafen ... silence ... marcus ' eye almost seem to dim right before we ... as he go limp . 52 int . farmhouse - upstair hall - late afternoon 52 from the floor we follow drop of fluid down the hall , lead to ... evelyn grip onto the railing with both hand as she slowly traverse the stair go down , focus intently on each step . on evelyn 's face as she take slow , deep breath . her eye surging with panic ... and pain . it be 4 week too soon ! suddenly ... evelyn 's eye go wide . contraction !!! close on evelyn' belly as she slowly sink down into the step and into a close up . in evelyn 's face we will witness , many of we for the first time , the complex and overwhelming sensory overload that be a contraction ... all swallow back with every fiber of she be in order to remain .... Silent . 39 . just at the moment it look as though evelyn may explode ... the contraction subside . we be on evelyn 's back as she struggle up onto she foot and down the remain stair . as she round the banister and out of frame ... we hold on the front hall . out the front door and onto the sand path warmly light white from the Christmas light above . 53 int . farmhouse - basement - late afternoon 53 we be low look up the basement stair as suddenly ... evelyn appear in the narrow doorway and grab hold of the wall , still carry the child 's mirror . she take a moment and then begin to descend the expose stair with the same deliberate effort . coming toward camera , evelyn get bigger and bigger in the frame until she head disappear , then she belly . just as she foot come down into close up we : rack focus to ... the nail stand straight up !!!! evelyn 's foot step straight down on it !!!!! we watch the nail pierce into the bottom of her foot ... and then erupt through the other side !!!!!!!! the SOUND cut out as we go : close on evelyn as the shock and searing pain collide in she brain behind she eye . then ... close on the mirror as it silently crash down the stair ... then rattles around in a circle before come to a standstill . SOUND come rushing back in on evelyn as full blow fear wash over she . that sound be most definitely heard . she look down ... close on evelyn 's foot ... as she slide the foot slowly up the nail ... and pop it free . blood immediately begin to drip from the wound . evelyn rush down the remain stair , wince with every other step . 40 . we follow on evelyn 's back as she hurriedly shuffles through this basement that once feel familiar in the romantic glow of they slow dance ... but now feel stark ... and desperately lonely . finally , evelyn arrive ... at lee 's security console . she desperately push past stack of notebook and file , box of various electrical equipment like cellphone , cassette player and egg timer that have be pillage for part . evelyn finally move ... the BOX of hearing aids ... to reveal that there on the wall ... be a large , hand make switch . evelyn grab the knob at the top and thrust it down . 54 ext . farm - late afternoon 54 suddenly , flicker to life against the dusk color sky ... line of red christmas light !!! like the white light before , the power grid like system illuminate the farm in bright ... red !!! 55 ext . road - late afternoon 55 regan lie in the sand next to the cross . behind she we see ... red light through the tree ! ... regan do not see they . 56 int . farmhouse - basement - late afternoon 56 on evelyn , lean on lee 's console . her eye close , she take slow , deep breathes , as if to convince herself that it will all be ok now ... the signal have be send . for a brief moment ... a smile ... as she then open she eye and move back to the stair . as she clutches the support beam and go to take she first step up ... a large shadow flash past the doorway !!!!! evelyn spin back away from the stair in terror . 57 ext . wood - valley pathway - dusk 57 as sky begin to settle into dusk above the tower tree ... lee enter carry a limp marcus . 41 . he trudge up the sand path , look down at marcus . marcus ' eye be open ... but he be not present . on lee' back now , as he and he son crest the hill . we boom up to see the dark horizon line of sky ... give way to the top of the silo ... and then the fire red ground illuminate by Christmas light . on lee as we see he face register exactly what this mean . he break into a full sprint . 58 int . farmhouse - basement - dusk 58 close on one of the basement window as red light pour through . we pull back slowly as : evelyn 's hand enter frame . she desperately push on the window ... nothing . evelyn roam around the basement like a cage animal search for any way out ... she move back to lee 's security console , scan the desk ... think ... think ! suddenly she eye fall upon ... the box of small electronics she just move to get to the switch . suddenly we hear : a scratching of claw on a wall and a crash of glass from above her !!!! evelyn freeze with fear . then .... the horrific screeeeeeeeech can be heard ! evelyn close she eye as the same sound that preempt she son 's death wash over she . then ... she eye shoot open in pain ... contraction !!! larger than the second one , this one bring evelyn to she knee , she head dip to the ground as she grimace in intense pain . 42 . close on evelyn as she head suddenly shoot back up ... the red light pour in from the basement window cut a line across she face revealing she explode eye try to swallow the pain . tear begin to fall ... she be unable to breath . then suddenly ... air slowly escape as she exhales ... the contraction have pass . after a moment of realization ?... disbelief ? she stand up and out of frame . we hold and then slowly pan down to ... a small pool of blood on the floor . 59 int . farmhouse - dusk 59 now looking down the stair from the doorway in the first floor hallway ... we see ... evelyn rush through frame past the stair . ... we can barely make out a nondescript SOUND . 60 int . farmhouse - basement - dusk 60 on evelyn as she quickly slide in behind a large boiler . we can see the basement stair in the background . evelyn squeeze she eye shut ... and begin murmure to herself ... the nondescript SOUND be slightly louder ... a ticking ... and then .... evelyn 's eye shoot open ... what now ? suddenly .... contraction !!!! we be on evelyn be face as she endure this immeasurable pain in this unthinkable moment ... then we hear ... tick .... scraaaaape ... tick .... scraaaaape whatever it be ... it 's come down the stair . tick .... scraaaaape ... tick .... scraaaaape evelyn crush herself even tighter against the wall behind the boiler ... close she eye and exhaling in pure , painful , silence as the contraction subside ... 43. suddenly we hear ... silence ... evelyn turn and peer through the water tank . in evelyn' Pov as she scan the room through the sliver of a view then suddenly ... we can barely make out more than a sliver of a creature 's shoulder or back from in between the tank . we can see that it be cover in SMALL armor like plate ! suddenly ... the small plate on the creature 's shoulder ... begin to lift up ??!! like the piece on a colander , or ... a old satellite dish ... the small plate open up with the crackle and pull of anatomical goo underneath . then all of the sudden ... the plate begin to rotate ! like directional microphone , the plate ... begin search the room ... for SOUND ! from behind the tank , evelyn watch as the creature 's plate turn toward the wall of monitor . suddenly , each of the screen ... begin to flicker !!! then ... the picture go completely dark ! evelyn then suddenly roll she back against the tank to look from one side of the room ... to the other . suddenly ... we now can identify the nondescript SOUND from earlier as ... ticking ..... then , sit on a shelf on the wall opposite the console , we see ... a egg timer !!! we continue to push in , the ticking SOUND now much louder , when finally , just as we land close up on the egg timer ... riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii !!!!!!!!!!! the creature screeeeeeecheech !!!! and attack the SOUND !!!!!!! evelyn open she eye ... that 's it ! her plan work ! evelyn thrust herself away from the tank !! we track with her as she move as quickly as she can to the expose stair and begin to climb . 44 . 61 int . front hall - dusk 61 from the kitchen we look through the hallway onto the front door . suddenly ... evelyn burst out of the doorway from the basement . we follow on her back as she maneuver she foot desperately from painted spot to painted spot down the hall to the front door and to freedom ! she grab the stair post for support as she cross through the front hall , only step from the door when , over her shoulder we barely see : a dark shadow walking up the sand path !!! evelyn immediately spin around into close up as we now lead her as she rush up the main stair . at the top of the stair , we tilt down as she reach to the floor and pick up the thick blanket cover the landing . behind she ... the front hall light begin to brighten ! 62 ext . barn - dusk 62 we hold on the side of the barn ... as lee enter with marcus and place he on the ground . we follow lee as he slowly crane he neck to look around the barn . there , beautifully light in red be the sand path lead to the farmhouse . lee 's eye travel down the path and up the stair and ... onto a large dark shadow ... now in the front hall !!! lee snap he back against the wall , he eye darting with fear as he think ... think . finally he turn to he son who stand look at he blankly . lee immediately dig into he back pack and pull out ... a flash light ! lee place the flashlight in marcus 's hand . marcus look up to he with familiar panic in he eye . lee then slide closer to he son ... and gently place he hand on marcus ' shoulder . suddenly , lee place he leave hand straight up against he chest , cross the finger of he right hand , bring the two together and ... shoot he right hand into the sky . 45 . this ... be the same exact sign he four year old son make in the general store at the beginning of the movie . this ... mean rocket . marcus shake he head no . lee gently place he hand on marcus ' face and look directly in he eye . no doubt inform by the heart open day they have have ... it be a beautiful moment of strength as lee communicate so much to he son . first and foremost , there be understanding ... and even a apology for the situation they be in . but then the look turn to implore . lee ( signing ) you mother need help . I need you to do this ... for she . marcus look to he dad ... he eye change . lee ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) ... please ... and with that ... marcus be go . on lee as he watch he son run down the side of the barn ... and disappear around the corner . he take a deep breath ... God protect he son . God protect all of they . lee turn and run around the barn . 63 int . farmhouse - upstair bathroom - dusk 63 from above we see evelyn enter the room carry the thick blanket from the stair and turn on the bathroom light ... spot of blood smear on the floor . on evelyn as she slowly get into the bathtub . tear fall down she face as she reach over the wall of the tub ... and start stack the blanket from she knee to she chest . as she fold the last blanket over herself ... contraction !!! this time she eye go wide with the electric shock like pain . this ... be the big one . this ... be happening ! suddenly we hear ... tick .... scraaaaape ... tick .... scraaaaape whatever it be ... it 's try to climb the stair . tight on evelyn 's hand as it jerk and grip till it turn white from force . 46 . from above , we see evelyn in extreme pain ... but somehow keep it all in . suddenly ... a small stream of blood begin to trickle by she expose foot . 64 int . barn - lee' bedroom / stall - dusk 64 lee rush into he room and reach under he mattress and pull out ... a shot gun !... not the first choice , when try not to make noise ... but he have no other choice . 65 ext . farm - cornfield - dusk 65 marcus walk down a thin sand path , suddenly stop ... and look up to a huge overarching figure above he ! it be a water device find in cornfield that tower high above the corn and roll slowly through the field on giant wheel . 66 int . farmhouse - upstair bathroom - dusk 66 on the bathtub . all that can be see be evelyn 's eye as she peer over the bathtub wall . through the door ... and to the step . suddenly we hear again ... tick .... scraaaaape ... tick .... scraaaaape just then ... the light bulb above evelyn begin to dim !!! quickly back on evelyn as she begin to cry , prepare for the end . and then ... contraction !!!! from above as evelyn 's face shoot to the sky ... with no affect . her eye wide , the rest of she face be calm . then we see ... blood and fluid now pool around she foot as the light above she ... go out . from only the light from the window we see evelyn 's face ... finally crack in pain . her mouth open ... release the most guttural ... and now two person ... screeeeeeeam ! 47 . but , right at that moment , the scream of mother and baby be drown out by a thunder ..... boooooooooooooooooom !!!! 67 ext . farmhouse - sand path - night 67 we track with lee as he sprint down the sand path hold the shot gun like a civil war soldier rush into battle as ... enormous bloom of firework burst behind he !!!! Red , green , white ... large plume , small sparkles fall down . in the midst of this unthinkable nightmare ... it 's gorgeous . 68 ext . road - night 68 huge burst of firework light up through the top of the tower tree ... regan , sit up abruptly into the firework ' silhouette . close on regan as the color illuminate on she face . 69 int . farmhouse - front hall - night 69 from the dine room , we look into the front hall in the background . suddenly , from the doorway ... the muzzle of a gun poke through . then moment later ... lee walk in stealthily . move the gun exactly where he eye point ... he clear the room . on lee' back as we look down the gun barrel . he look to the dining room . he look to the live room . he look to the ... stair !!! lee' Pov as he walk up the stair . on each stair ... drop of blood . to the leave , along the wall , the wallpaper have be intermittently ripped ... in three equidistant meandering line . 48 . 70 int . farmhouse - upstair hallway - night 70 through a doorway onto the now expose wood floor landing with the bannister outline the upstairs hall . suddenly , the top of lee 's head enter frame ... just as the creature 's have only moment before ... then he gun , face into the bedroom to the side . lee move the gun confidently in all direction , make sure the upstairs be clear . as lee 's gaze come around to face directly at we ... he gun lower ... and : we slowly pull back into the room to reveal ... the bloodstain edge ... of the bath tub . on lee 's back as he rush to the tub to find ... just blood in a empty bath tub . lee turn into he own close up profile as he back slide down the bathtub and onto the floor . his hand release the gun to the floor . his eye close and he begin to ... softly weep . a mirror behind lee reflect the room back to he , revealing for the first time ... a bevele glass shower door at the opposite end of the room . suddenly ... a bloody hand hit the glass !!!!... and the shower door slowly open !!! over lee as he scramble to the shower and open the door ! stuff inside ... be a quivering pile of blanket . lee drop to he knee and pull back the blanket to see ... he wife . pale , with eye close ... she 's breathe . and in she arm ... a sleep newborn baby . 71 ext . cornfield - night 71 we hold on the top of the dense corn , the creature like silhouette of the giant water device loom ... as the last of a series of bottle rocket fire into the darken night sky . we move above the corn and then descend through it onto a thin sand path and onto ... marcus . we follow with he as he safely walk back toward the barn , hold he flashlight , as the final burst of firework illuminate behind he . on marcus ' face ... be genuine pride . he know he have do something heroic . suddenly ... we hear the SNAP of cornstalk !!! 49 . marcus , frantically whip he light around the path behind he . we follow he light as it scan the path and the stalk ... even with nothing there ... it 's terrifying . just then ... his flashlight begin to dim .... SNAP !!! marcus whip he light around to the thin sand path in front of he ... nothing ... SNAP !!! crunch !!! SNAP !!! crunch !!! something else be move toward he ... fast ! marcus turn around , away from the barn ... and run !!!! we be on marcus ' face as he run ... scan , scan ... SNAP !!!... scanning !!!... crunch !!! scanning !! he flashlight ... start to flicker out ... the corn to he right ... begins to SNAP ... its coming closer ! marcus turn and begin to run ... into the corn !!!! we be now in a terrifying perspective ... handheld , as corn cross right past lens . the flashlight not able to cast light on anything that 's not right in we face , create almost a strobe effect !!! marcus be make ... a ton of SOUND !!!! on marcus ' face ... pure panic . when suddenly ... we arrive into a small clear to see ... a tractor , completely overgrown with corn . marcus immediately climb onto the tractor and frantically whip he light around the clear ... and into the dense corn ... the light ... start to dim .... SNAP !!! crunch !!! SNAP !!! crunch !!! something be move toward he fast ! the light begins to flicker .... and then go out . suddenly , off in the corn in front of he ( and for the first time ) we hear ... a loud screeeeeeeeeeeeeeech !!!! the light suddenly blare bright as ... a deer head pop out of the corn !!!!!!!! all in a instant , marcus fly back in fear ! slip from the top of the tractor ... and slamming he head into the wheel well . black 50 . 72 ext . farm - driveway - night 72 fade in : the night be now dark . we be behind regan walk . as we be with her ... we be in total silence . she look around at the remnant of the last horrifying moment ... more reminiscent of a soldier return to a battlefield , then a girl return to a farm , we see countless streamer of firework smoke still fall gracefully from the sky . the tip of dry cornstalk flicker ... alight with small flame . off in the distance we see ... light of the silo . shine like a beacon . regan walk along the eerie shadow of corn stalk when suddenly at she foot ... crack of light . regan lower to she knee and put she head to the ground to see ... a bright light , cut through the bottom of the stalk of corn . suddenly , the plier regan use to work on the toy shuttle ... slip out of the pocket of she dress ... ... and crash onto a rock on the ground !!! regan ... do not even notice ... because she do not even hear it ... regan sit back up to kneel position when suddenly the cornstalk behind she ... begin to lay down ... as a shadow emerge !!! at that exact moment ... we begin to hear the oddest and unpleasent beeeeeeeeeeeep . suddenly , regan 's eye begin to squint slightly . then ... she hand slowly reach up to she ear ?... she can hear the beep !!!! suddenly ... the shadow move closer to regan ... and the beeeeeep grow !!! now at a near deafen level , we see the shadow behind regan ... stop ? regan 's face now scrunches up in agony as she grab she ear !!! regan dig into she right ear , rip out the hearing aid and launch forward !! .... silence ..... regan suddenly kneel back up into frame ... the shadow be gone !... she never even know it be there . breathe wildly , regan look at the hearing aid in she hand . her face be almost electrify ! as excruciate as that be .... that be the first SOUND she have ever heard ! regan ... slowly put the hearing aid back in she ear ... .... nothing .... 51 . 73 ext . cornfield - night 73 we follow regan as she walk down the small path lead to ... the clear . one ladder stand , the other ladder on the ground , bottle and firework litter the ground . and then , there in the center of the clear , light by the flashlight ... one half of a deer carcass . ... no sign of marcus ... regan slowly bend down to pick up the flashlight when suddenly ... the carcass move ! regan jump back , terrify !!! then from under the neck of the deer ... a hand !! regan run over and push the carcass off of ... marcus , who have be safely lie underneath . cover in blood , he scramble to try to get to he foot . regan grab he and hold he tight . she place she finger to she lip ... just like she dad . she look around to see if they have a chance to run ... and then think better of it . she look back to she brother ... and place she hand on he chest . we rise above the clear , above the overgrown tractor ... and once again into the night . 74 ext . farmhouse - night 74 we be wide on the farmhouse . the red christmas light sway gently in the now calm night air . after a long quiet moment ... lee appear at the doorway . he carry evelyn in he arm ... the baby in hers . he slowly descend the porch stair and begin to walk toward the barn ... he eye lock firmly on he cargo . for a moment , as lee walk , this all feel almost like a dream . or the end of a nightmare . respite . we be tight on evelyn who we see be unconscious from the trauma and the loss of fluid ... then down to the tightly wrap baby sleep in she arm . lee look ahead to the door of the barn off in the seemingly never end distance . suddenly ... 52 . the baby begins to stir !!! lee 's eye shoot down to see the baby streeeeeeeeetch ... and slowly begin to open it 's eye . on the baby as it look up , searchingly , at he father ... as he father pick up he pace ! suddenly ... we begin to notice the dim red light on the baby 's face ... begins to flicker ! on the barn door get closer ... closer . on lee as he trudge with everything he have to get he baby to safety when suddenly ... a cold wind blow across lee 's face and through he hair . lee slowly look down as ... the baby cry !!!!!! we hold directly on lee , leading he , as he break into a full sprint ! lee be eye momentarily dart quickly to the side , not at all prepare for what he might find . we never leave lee 's face . as he head bob back and forth from run , we intermittently catch glimpsis of the long path behind he . first we see the farmhouse shrink in the distance behind he . and then we hear ... SNAP !!! behind lee ... the large tree near the farmhouse move wildly !! lee 's eye never even widen . there be no surprise . this be the moment he know would come . as he sprint with everything he have ... the string of bulb above he ... dim down to almost nothing !!!! in the dark distance behind he ... a screeeeeeeeeeeeeeech !!!!... Lee ... be ... running ... run ... closer ... closer ... then .... lee burst through the heavy quilt !!! he's in the barn !! we be on lee as he sprint through the familiar interior of the barn . when suddenly ... we hear a huge bang !!! then ... 53. the heavy quilt fly up into the AIR !!!... just as lee descend into the ground ! 75 int . barn - safe room - night 75 lee fall back onto the step , barely hold onto he wife and child as he free hand reach for ... the mattress ! as lee finally grab the mattress and slide it over the open above the stairwell ... black in total darkness we hear : lee' breath quicken ... a odd SOUND of something heavy ... above ... the creature be inside the barn !!!! a cacophony of scratching , tearing and screeching ... then ... FIRE !!... lee 's lighter cut through the black and then retreat into a small glow in the room as we try to comprehend what 's happen . we see evelyn have be place on a hay bale as ... above ... a crash !!!!! the creature be tearing through the room ... and drowning the sound of the family below ... for the moment ... lee pick up the cry baby ... as we push in . for one brief second amidst the fury of nerve and sound we see ... a father hold he newborn child for the first time . it be a precious , once in a lifetime moment . then ... a plastic mask come into frame ... and onto the baby 's face !!!! as if in a airplane video , lee wrap the mask 's strap behind the baby 's head ... and then lower the baby into the wooden , quilt line BOX ! we pan to the side of the box ... along a clear plastic tube ... to a stand up air canister . lee 's hand enter frame and turn the valve ... a quiet whisper of air . lee stare down at he tiny cry baby wear a oxygen mask . the juxtapose image seemingly almost as bizarre to he as it be to we . then ... 54 . lee place a large stack of blanket over the top of the BOX !!!!... and then a cover !!!! the baby scream can't be heard ... the banging ... the screech ... increase in tempo and SOUND !!! lee just stare down at the small casket like box ... this either work ... or they be dead ... 76 ext . cornfield - driveway - night 76 we follow regan and marcus as they sprint up the main sand path / driveway run parallel to the cornfield . with the flashlight slice through the darkness ... it 's nearly impossible to tell where we be . suddenly the corn end and over marcus and regan we see ... shadows of farm equipment ! regan turn she head ... and look up . regan 's Pov as we climb higher and higher ... to the top of the silo ! 77 int . barn - safe room - night 77 silence ... the frame fill with a dark brown ... time have pass . then ... we TRAVEL down from the dirt ceiling ... past a hook on the wooden support beam ... to a clear plastic iv bag hang ... down a fluid fill plastic tube ... and into a arm . we pull back to reveal evelyn lie on the hay bale comfortably ... she eye still close . she have be bandage ... and wear lee 's sweater . a single burn candle by she side . then ... evelyn shoot awake !!! she scramble to sit up through the pain !!! her eye search a low lit room !!! she goe to sit up and wince ... a iv be in her arm !! out of the darkness ... come lee ! he be hold the baby . lee it 's ok . it 's ok ! you safe . evelyn look up at lee immediately confuse as to why he 's talk ... then it sink in . 55 . evelyn it work ? lee it work . evelyn it work ... it work ... lee hold up the sleep baby and place it in evelyn 's arm ... tear fall down she face . she look back up to she husband ... and then around the room . evelyn ( cont 'd ) where 's Marcus ? pause . lee I will find they . evelyn they ?! evelyn immediately tense . lee take the sleep baby from evelyn and place it in the safe wooden box . no air mask need now . evelyn ( cont 'd ) she be with I in the house . I be do laundry and she -- he be with you . how do he -- lee sit next to he wife ... and begin to lay she back down . lee rocket . evelyn pause . evelyn then he -- then he 's still there . he would know to -- lee sit next to he wife ... and begin to lay she back down . lee I be sure he be . evelyn she 's smart she will have find a place to -- she 's smart ... 56 . evelyn 's gaze finally land on she child . evelyn ( cont 'd ) it 's a boy . lee ... it 's a boy . evelyn ... it 's a boy . pause . evelyn ( cont 'd ) ... I could have carry he . lee look at he wife confuse . evelyn ( cont 'd ) he be so heavy ... lee freeze ... evelyn ( cont 'd ) I can still feel the weight in my arm . he be ... small , but so heavy , be not he ? lee can not speak . evelyn ( cont 'd ) my hand be free -- I be carry the bag , but my hand be still free ... I could have carry he ... I should have carry he . lee ... Evelyn ... evelyn who be we ?... if we can not protect they . who be we ? lee be freeze ... every image rush back to he . evelyn ( cont 'd ) you have to protect they . lee I will . 57 . evelyn promise I . we can not --... you need to protect they . 78 ext . silo - roof - night 78 close on ... a flame !!! as it die down , come into view we see ... marcus sit in front of the shallow metal drum they father sit in front of the night before . regan walk around the fire look out across the farm for any sign of she father . just as the fire be about to die out , regan walk back and squirt the last remain fluid from the bottle . the fire rage again and illuminate the two child ... as well as the fade hope on they face . the fire begin to die down again . regan rummages in the box pick up the empty bottle of lighter fluid and shaking they frantically ... she shake the last empty bottle ... and slump down ... defeat ... scared . in the last moment of the die flame ... marcus ( signing ) he will come for we . the two kid stare off desperately over the farm ... prevent they from see far off in the distance to the right ... a fire ignites ... then farther off ... another fire ... but this time ... its only two ! the kid do not even notice . 79 int . barn - night 79 we be on the familiar image of the interior of the barn . suddenly , the mattress on the ground ... move . then ... lee 's head slowly arise from underground . lee stand to see they barn ... they life have be toss and ravage . 58 . lee place the mattress back over the large unfinish hole lead down to the safe room and stand up . lee stare down at the mattress ... and what it protect ... then walk out of frame . we hold on the mattress a moment ... and then slowly move along the floor of the barn ... past the monopoly game ... until we reach the bedroom stall to see ... a large claw MARK gouged out of the barn wall ! as we move down we see ... a pipe above the long trough on the wall ... have break ... water drip from the broken pipe ... and a pool of water ... move across the floor ! 80 ext . silo - roof - night 80 close on regan , oddly light . she lay on she back stare up ... at the star . regan fumble with something in she ear ... we go extreme close on she turn the tiny dial on top of she hearing aid . as she do ... she place she other hand by she ear and rub she finger together , hope to hear a sound .... nothing . regan turn the dial even more ... nothing . regan immediately roll over , frustrated . sitting directly in she view , on he dad 's small stool ... be marcus look out hopefully to the farm . marcus ( signing ) he will come . regan scoff and go to get up when suddenly , under she dad 's stool she see ... a box ... the box lee keep the photo in ... she reach under the stool and grab it . now close over the BOX onto regan as she stare down at it ... then ... as the lid open , it cover frame completely to ... black 81 int . barn - safe room - night 81 evelyn be eye shoot open ! her face barely light from a small slice of red light . we hear very clearly ... the sound of run water . 59 . evelyn squint as she eye adjust to the low light and attempt to get she bearing . evelyn 's Pov as she scan across the ceiling , down the wall and finally onto ... the blanket cover crib in the middle of the room . a relieved smile appear on evelyn 's face ... and then a wince ... as she slowly try to sit up . she quietly slide she leg off of the hay bale and toward the ground when ... she suddenly stop ! we follow evelyn 's eye down she body to the ground to see she leg ... be submerge in water !!!! evelyn 's eye shoot frantically around the dark room again and finally land on the source of red light from above . she lean forward to see ... christmas light ... the mattress have be move ! from one corner of the large open ... a stream of water pour down into the room . suddenly ... a snort !!!! evelyn 's head slowly turn ... the look on she face reveal to we the immediate truth that she brain will not yet admit . evelyn 's Pov as we scan the room once more . this time , in the shadow corner of the room ... a large black shape !!!!! evelyn be freeze with fear as she watch .... the silhouette of a creature stand directly above her baby crib !!!!!!!!!! evelyn be eye travel down from the creature ... to she baby 's crib where ... the quilt begins to move !!!.... the baby ... be waking up !!! suddenly ... we hear the beginnings of the low hum !!! we see a flash of red reflect off the small plate ... as they open . 60 . we hold on evelyn , she brain racing as fast as she heart , as she slowly look at the plate rotating ... scanning the room . suddenly ... her breath stop ... as evelyn ... stand up !!!!! as she stand ... we watch the ring in the water from evelyn flow through the room ... to the creature !! the plate immediately turn down toward the ring in the water . evelyn look over to the water run down the step ... then back to the creature . it be clear it can not place exactly where she be due to the sound of the drip water . we follow on evelyn be back as she begin to slowly ... move through the water !!! suddenly ... the red light from the barn above begin to dim ... and illuminate the creature back !!! we go close on it 's small plate completely open up and vibrate ... we TRAVEL close up it 's back through the tunnel of receive its plate have create and end close on the cavernous hole in it 's head where the information be process . when suddenly ... evelyn , with a unnerve calm ... reach into the crib !!!! close on the crib to reveal ... this newborn baby ... be wide awake !!!! close on evelyn , as she place the baby on she shoulder as ... she begins to slowly walk backward !!!! evelyn' Pov as we watch ... the creature 's plate begin to turn on its body ... they be turn ... toward evelyn ... the water begins to move as ... the creature turn to evelyn !! we go close on the vibrate water traveling to evelyn ... up on evelyn as she close she eye and continue walk backward , when suddenly we see ... a gush of water cascading behind her . without flinching , evelyn cover the baby ... and walk right through the cascading water suddenly ... disappearing ! on evelyn , she back press up against the dirt wall . the water pour only inch from she face ... like a small waterfall . 61 . then just in front of evelyn ... distort behind the waterfall ... the creature slowly enter ... then ... though we view be skew through the water ... it open it be mouth !!! even through the distortion , we still understand what we be see be a long crescent of razor sharp teeth !!!! 82 ext . cornfield - night 82 from black ... a flashlight slice into frame , illuminate the loom corn stalk on either side as we move slowly along a thin sand path that cut through the dense corn . lee walk into frame . he come to the end of the thin path and arrive at ... the overgrown tractor . on lee' face as he scan the area with he flashlight . on Pov of flashlight as it flood the tractor with light . lee move around the tractor ... then stop . Pov of flashlight ... blood !! 83 ext . silo - roof - night 83 the lid of the box close to reveal regan . the sadness that have overtaken she ... blend into anger . regan ( signing ) we can not stay here . we need to move . marcus shake he head . marcus ( signing ) he will come for we . regan shoot a look at he ... and then walk around the edge of the silo to the ladder . marcus begin wave he arm wildly . as regan turn to mount the first rung of the ladder ... she look back at he . marcus ( signing ) ( cont 'd ) he will come for we . regan 's sadness turn to anger . regan ( signing ) he will come for you ! 62 . marcus shake he head , signing as he step toward she . marcus ( signing ) no . you be wrong ! I -- and in the blink of a eye ...... marcus plunge out of frame !!! on regan be face as we hear ... the booming SOUND of metal ripping OPEN !!! 84 int . barn - safe room - night 84 evelyn pin against the wall ... the creature 's mouth open ! when suddenly ... the creature immediately turn its head ... toward the sound of the silo . suddenly its gone ! 85 ext . cornfield - tractor - night 85 the loud SOUND of groaning metal echoes across the sky above lee . he immediately jump on top of the tractor . we follow as : over lee' back we now see above the vast cornfield ... to the silo . then ... another SOUND ... lee slowly turn only he head as we hear ... a low , growl hum ... almost like that of a swarm of bee . we TRAVEL around lee 180 degree and follow he gaze now toward the farmhouse and barn ... and ... dark snaking line cutting through the corn !!! 1 line ... no 2 ... no ... 4 !!! the SOUND grow louder and louder as we tilt with this rush line ... heading straight for lee . on lee' face as he look on in horror at this unstoppable reality , as the line ... and the shadow cause they ... slice through the corn around he !!! 63. we move back around lee as he spin around to watch the line head directly for ... 86 ext . silo - roof - night 86 regan run to the edge of the hole to see ... two giant trap door of the silo roof swinging ... groaning back and forth !!! many foot below , we see marcus ... waist deep in a mountain ... of corn . regan be body quake as she do everything she can to resist the urge to call out when suddenly ... marcus move ! marcus look up at he sister as he wiggle and squirm , desperately try to get free . but with every movement marcus ... begins to sink !!! regan sign to she brother to stop move !! when suddenly ... bang ... bang !... bang !!!!!!! on regan as she place she hand on the silo metal ... as it now vibrate with each blow ! then ... a screeeeeeeeeeeeech !!!! bang !!!... bang !!!... bang !!! marcus now thrashes wildly from fear !... as he sink even faster !!! on regan as she try to sign to she brother frantically when suddenly ... one of the swinging trap door rip free from the silo and plummet toward marcus ! as the steel door crash into the corn like a guillotine only inch away from he , marcus lunge out of the way !!!... that desperate quick movement ... cause the corn to give way even more ... as it now engulf marcus up to he chest !!! suddenly .... a crack of light pierce through the silo wall .... and then another !!!... the creature be try to claw through !!! on regan as she try to process it all and then finally ... she jump down into the hole !!!!!!! 64 . 87 int . silo - night 87 regan land foot first into the pack corn ... which immediately engulf she to she waist !!! she begin to scramble toward she brother ... she too sinking further into the corn . regan begin to push the fall steel door toward she brother . on marcus as he desperately reach he hand out toward the door ... he face beginning to sink under the corn !!! regan make one last desperate push of the door toward she brother 's hand ... as corn engulf her to her chest !!! in one swift move , marcus place he hand onto the fall silo door that sit atop the corn like a float log in a river . marcus 's hand grab hold of the steel and begin to pull himself out . as he get he arm up on the steel door , he turn back and reach for he sister ... who be now engulfed up to her neck !!! marcus immediately reach back to grab she hand ... but regan shake she head and motion for he to stop ! then ... she take one last deep breath as ... her face disappear into the grain ! 88 int . silo - night 88 darkness ... a whirring of dense sound , like that of heavy rain on a car roof . trickles of fade light as the sound grow quieter ... and quieter and then ... be go . 89 int . silo - grain pile - night 89 marcus ferociously claw at the grain where he sister once be when suddenly ... he begins to move ! marcus look back across the mountain and see that the corn be beginning to pour out of a hole be made by slashing creature !!!! and as the corn pour out the side , the corn marcus sit atop ... begins to give way and slide toward the hole ... and the creature ! 65 . 90 int . silo - night 90 darkness ... faintly ... the whirring sound slowly begin to fade back in . and with it a mute ... ...boom .... boom !... tiny shaft of light begin to poke through we dark world as the sound grow ... ... boom !..... boom !... suddenly ... 91 int . silo - grain pile - night 91 a hand pop out of the corn right next to marcus !!! the cascade corn ... be actually slide away at such a fierce rate that it unearth ... regan's face as it pop out from the corn !!! regan take in ... the deep breath of air she lung can handle . 92 ext . cornfield - dawn 92 low on a sand path cut through thick cornfield on either side as ... lee round the corner and sprint as fast as he can , he flashlight thrashes through the night sky . 93 int . silo - dawn 93 on marcus as he wrap he arm around he sister and pull she up to the steel door . on regan , sweat ... breathe heavily ... she look to marcus ... who be look away ?? marcus put he finger to he mouth to tell he sister to be quiet . now with marcus , we suddenly realize ... the banging have stop ! marcus grab he flashlight and shine it down toward the hole create by the creature ... nothing ! marcus shine the flashlight to another set of slash mark on the silo wall ... nothing ! 66 . marcus shine the flashlight across the now still corn ... silence ! then suddenly ... a squeak !!!! marcus ' flashlight launch up to the roof of the silo ... where the second of the two door squeak back and forth . marcus ' flashlight look all around the trap door ... all around the roof ... nothing !!! as marcus lead the light back down the silo wall , he briefly illuminate regan , when suddenly ... boom !!!! the creature jump down into the light !!!! it's plate and mouth fully OPEN !!!! regan look up to the creature in horror and then whip around ... and tackle marcus off the door !!! the creature step toward the kide !!! regan grab the edge of the door and lift it over she and marcus ' head ! pinned underneath the silo door , marcus look over to he sister to see ... she be holding her ear ... nearly convulsing with pain !!! not know what be happen to she he slowly reach out he hand to she when suddenly ... bang !!! a giant claw rip through the silo door , right between the two child !!! the child stare at the claw , horrify when suddenly ... the claw begins to shake ... as if having a seizure ! after a long moment of seize up ... the claw rip back through the door ... and be gone ?? we hear the terrifying screeeeeeeeech of the creature !!! then ... the sound of slashing metal !!! we barely see the creature as it burst in and out of frame ... scratching and slashing at the silo ... try to get .... out !!!! suddenly , a horrifying ripping SOUND !!! and then ... 67 . silence .... the child look at each other .... silent ... wait . after a long moment , regan and marcus begin to slide the silo door off of they ... and peak out . marcus pick up the flashlight and shine the light all around the silo ... then suddenly stop ... the child just stare ... as we slowly pull back to reveal ... a enormous hole torn through the silo !!! marcus look back to he sister ... breathe heavily ... what just happened ? a94 ext . silo - dawn a94 we go wide to regan and marcus jump down from the same large hole ... onto a large pile of corn that have spilt out into the night ... they be completely alone . marcus suddenly grab regan be hand and pull she to she foot . on the back of the kide as they sprint through the farm equipment graveyard hold hand ... suddenly , regan turn to head into the cornfield ... marcus yank she arm to stop she . regan look at she brother ... the look in he eye be begging she to trust he ... she do as marcus pull she to he safe place ... the pick up truck at the end of the driveway ! as they arrive at the truck marcus expertly disappear through the cab 's driver 's side window ... regan instinctively dive underneath the truck . we slowly pull back on the truck . marcus ' head poke up from the back window of the cab . regan lie still underneath . they be split up ... but safe . 94 ext . silo - dawn 94 we move along a sand path , just as we do in the beginning of the movie , where the end of the cornfield open into a clear to reveal ... the work truck off to the far leave . lee appear into frame . on lee as he shine the flashlight ... scan the scene . 67a . he Pov as it be ... eerily quiet . lee 's flashlight shine all the way to the far right onto the gape hole in the silo ... but there be no creature . just the cement mixer and some tool tip onto the ground . 68 . fearing the worst ... lee make he way to the hole . on regan as she lift she head to see the light shine on the silo ... and she father walk toward it . her eye go wide . she begin to shake she head ... then wave she arm as best she can ... no ... no ... no !... but lee do not see she . lee begin to walk slowly toward the silo . 95 int . farmhouse - basement - dawn 95 we be over the stair look through the basement to the monitor . suddenly ... a drip wet foot step into frame ... and then another as ... evelyn descend the stair , hold the baby ! 96 int . truck - dawn 96 through the rearview mirror we see reflection of lee 's flashlight as it scan up and down the silo behind . on marcus as the dim light reflect onto he close eye ... and he wake up . in the rearview he see the flashlight and immediately spin to look out the window at he father ... stand only yard from the hole . the smallest whisper ... marcus ( whisper ) ... dad ... no ... no .... overcome with fear , marcus instinctively slide to the driver side door ... and open it !!!! 97 ext . truck - dawn 97 as the driver 's side door wrench open , the age of the truck and the year without use become painfully evident as ... it make a high pitched shriiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeek ! 98 ext . silo - dawn 98 almost transport back to that fateful day on the bridge , we watch as lee 's head slowly turn as he raise he light onto the truck and ... he son !! then , just as he do on the bridge ... know what come next ... lee run !!! 69 . 99 ext . truck - dawn 99 regan roll out from under the car , grab she brother and safely tackle he into the car , close the door behind they . 100 int . truck - dawn 100 regan put she brother down onto the floor of the truck underneath the steering wheel for protection ... and then hop over to the passenger side , sit up ... and look out the back window . 101 ext . silo - dawn 101 on lee ... run . ... desperately try to keep he promise to he wife ... 102 int . truck - dawn 102 over regan , as she watch she father sprinting towards they ... when suddenly behind he ... two shadow !!! 103 ext . silo - dawn 103 over lee as he sprint as fast as he can towards the truck , now only 40 yard away ...30 ... then ... on either side of lee ... two shadow blow past he !!! racing , scrambling , clawing ... still in full sprint , lee watch ... as the first shadow close in on the truck !!!! 104 int . truck - dawn 104 over regan look out the back window as the creature get closer ...closer ... the beeeeeeep once again begins to grow ... and grow . just as the creature be about to make impact ... regan , not want to experience that pain again ... turn the hearing aid off .... we be now in total silence ..... 70 . regan look down at she brother on the floor ... just as .... bang !... the truck thrashes violently !!! the kid grab onto ... whatever they can ... bang !!!!!!!!!... the truck thrashes violently again !!!! 105 ext . truck - dawn 105 now outside regan 's perspective ... and in lee 's ... we can hear the full sound of the violent attack ! over lee , we see the truck be smashed ... lee keep running ! 106 ext . truck - dawn 106 from underneath the truck we see the front wheel slide forward in the sand . bang !!! the front wheel slide again . this time ... they begin to disappear over the edge of the clear ... and down the long driveway ... 107 int . truck - dawn 107 back in silence on regan and marcus as she hold she brother and look around the cab for option . suddenly , out the passenger side window she see ... another creature burst out of the corn and ... slam into the passenger side door !!!! glass shatter !!!... and the truck ... lift up !!! 108 ext . truck - dawn 108 on lee' back , sprint , now only twenty yard away ... when he see the right side of the truck lift high into the air . for a moment it look as though it be go to tip all the way over ... then smashes back down to the ground !! we now bear witness to something eerily familiar as lee 's body ... give out on he . 71 . we circle around lee as he feet scrape to a stop ... he shoulder lower . we end our move on lee 's face as he scan the smashed truck ... his eye seem to actually flicker as he brain fire and misfire ... try to process this nightmare ... this loss ... when suddenly ... 109 int . truck - dawn 109 on regan , jamme down into the floor of the passenger seat . she reach over to she brother ... and lift he head . marcus open he teary eye , shake ... but alive . regan slowly rise up onto the seat ... and through the smashed window ... make direct eye contact with her father ... 110 ext . truck - dawn 110 we be close on lee as he register this miraculous sight of he daughter and watch ... as the most joyful smile explode across he face ! lee breathes heavily ... take in this new information ... this second chance ... then ... lee slowly bring he hand to he chest ... and sign .... lee ( signing ) ... I love you . 111 int . truck - dawn 111 as regan look out at she father , confuse ... move ... why do he just say that ?... when suddenly ... one of the creature climb up onto the truck's hood , crush it from the weight ... 112 ext . truck - dawn 112 on lee ... as he sign to regan again ... 72 . lee ( signing ) I have ... always ... love you . 112a int . truck - dawn 112a on regan ... as tear stream down she face ... above she ... the roof begin to cave in from the weight of the creature !!!! 112b ext . truck - dawn 112b on lee as he watch the creature make he way up to the roof of the truck ... and rear back ... for the first time ... we see the creature in full !!!! it's arm held high above its head as it readies for a kill !!!! lee ....... take a deep breath .... and ... scream .... lee I love you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ........ all SOUND cut out !!!! time seem to slow almost to a stop as : marcus ' eye shoot open ... know exactly what he dad be do ... 73. the creature scramble off the truck ... and immediately charge for lee !!!! regan scramble in the seat helplessly as she look out at she father mid scream ... marcus look up to he sister in the truest of pain ... and then down ... close on ... the emergency brake as ... marcus reach out , grab the brake ... and release !!!!! 113 ext . truck - dawn 113 over lee as the creature sprint toward he ... closer ... closer . in the background , the truck begin to roll down the hill . 114 int . truck - dawn 114 through the back window we frame begin to jiggle as we see the creature close in on lee ... we watch as regan scramble up the seat higher and higher desperate to see she father one last time ... and then ... as the truck roll down ... our frame tilt up ... away from lee ... up the wall of the silo ... and into the breaking morning sky 115 int . truck - dawn 115 total silence ... over regan onto marcus as they both stare straight ... they face vacant as they rattle and bounce as the truck barrel down the long driveway toward the barn . instinctively , marcus ' hand raise into frame ... and grab the wheel ... he be finally drive ... as he begin to cry . 74 . 116 int . farmhouse - basement - dawn 116 close on monitor ... as evelyn 's face come into frame ... over her shoulder to the monitor we see she be look at ... the truck barreling down the hill ... 117 int . farmhouse - bathroom - dawn 117 close on lee 's shotgun lay on the floor . suddenly ... evelyn 's hand come into frame and grab it ! 118 int . farmhouse - live room - dawn 118 through the live room window , we look out onto the cornfield ... and up to the silo . suddenly ... we see a tiny pick up truck appear and rumble down the dirt road . we slowly pull back through the live room as the truck roll past the next window ... and then the next . as we now pull out of the live room and into the front hall , suddenly ... evelyn appear walk down the staircase , almost vacant . she be carry the shotgun ! we continue to move , now on evelyn' back ... as she slowly walk out the front door and down the front step . as she step down to the sand path ... the pick up truck slowly rumble to a stop at the end of the path !!! marcus and regan pop out of the truck and run as fast as they can into they mother 's arm !!! evelyn envelope her child with everything she have !!!... a moment she be not sure she would ever get again !... then ... on evelyn 's face as she slowly turn she head back toward the silo ... to see what' coming ... 119 int . farmhouse - basement stair - dawn 119 we look directly up the basement stair toward the warm hallway at the top . suddenly ... evelyn step into frame carry marcus , and rush down the stair and into the basement . then ... regan take a long step into frame . her silhouette look down the dark stairwell . 74a . after a moment , she slowly put she foot down on the first step ... and nothing happen . for a brief moment ... she look behind she ... but no one come . 75 . 120 int . basement - dawn 120 we be on the stair as regan 's foot step down into frame . as regan reach the basement floor , she pause a moment , still look at she foot ... and then slowly turn . evelyn pick the baby out from a box and grab marcus tight . we watch regan 's face as she enter she father 's workspace ... for the first time !!! she be stunne . over regan as she step down and begin to walk through the room . her eye track , as we did when we first saw the room , past the towering wall of security monitor ... along the wall of newspaper clipping , note , and scientific image . her eye continue now toward she father 's work station . through box of salvaged electrical equipment and onto ... lee' head phone . regan pick up the head phone and follow the wire ... to her father' ham radio . she look down at the knob she father use to search ... and the microphone he use to reach out . for the first time regan see ... regan realize ... this be what she father be do all this time . this be what he be do ... for they ! on regan take all this in , when she eye move just slightly to the side ... and she freeze . evelyn immediately turn and gesture to she child to follow she behind the water heater ... they must hide . regan ... do not move . off her face ... we boom down slowly behind the shelf of lee' sacred workspace ... past circuit board ... salvage electronics and expose wiring ... and land on a shot directly across lee' desk ... to regan 's hand ... as regan reach out , we rack focus to ... the pile of hearing aids her father have be working on all this time . regan be hand push into the pile like a shovel ... and emerge with a handful of hearing aid ... suddenly ... the floorboard above they creak !!! marcus and evelyn look up . regan ... do not ... because she can not hear it . evelyn immediately grab marcus and head for the water and oil tank . she sit marcus down safely ... and then place the baby in he arm ... and turn . marcus take in he new sibling for the first time . over regan , coming into focus ... be evelyn , still carry the shotgun . she kneel by she daughter 's side . 76 . evelyn ( signing ) we have to hide , my love . regan slowly turn to she mother ... and show she the hearing aid . evelyn look down at she daughter who for the first time ... be weep ... we tough warrior princess , in this moment ... be still just a little girl . evelyn stare into the pain eye of she little girl when suddenly ... regan 's eye begin to rise ... higher ... and higher above evelyn . we CUT to evelyn to see ... a large shadow rise up behind her !!!! evelyn see regan 's eye rise ... just know . in one swift motion evelyn suddenly spring up ... and aim the shotgun directly at the creature . we CUT wide to see ... and hear , the room ... be totally still . for the rest of this scene ... like the great of western , we be in the most epic ... of standoff . time ... stand still . Air ... do not move . tension ... be drip from the wall . on regan ... hold she breath ... just stare on marcus ... freeze behind the water tank ... just stare . on evelyn ... arm outstretch , with weapon ready ... just stare . on the creature ... slowly open its plate !!!! as the monitor once again ... go fuzzy .... each of the human can only watch as this small plate open with the suction of anatomical goo ... they can only watch as the plate crackle ever so slightly ... as they turn ... and search ... ... for the sound that will end it all . close on sweat drip down from marcus 's forehead . tracking down marcus ' face , we see the inevitable path he sweat will take until we leave he face and arrive on ... the baby . close on evelyn 's arm ... as it begin to quiver ... 77 . close on evelyn be eye as she brain make the realization ... she can not hold this gun much longer ... close on the creature ... as it open more ... and more plate ! close on regan , she eye begin to search the room ... she father 's room look for something ... anything ! regan 's Pov as she eye search the room ... search the wall ... search the board . finally she eye land on one specific thing on she father 's board ... she see the phrase ... `weapon ??'. suddenly ... regan ... reach up to touch she mother 's arm . evelyn look down at regan ... regan gently shake she head then gently touch evelyn 's arm ... and slowly lower the gun . evelyn look down at she daughter ... she eye begin to well up ... this be it ... this be the end . evelyn slowly reach out to take regan 's hand . as regan 's hand begin to clasp into hers ... she stop ... evelyn look down to see regan slowly pull she hand away ... and open it up . there in the palm of regan 's hand ... be hearing aid . regan slowly turn to she father 's work bench to see the pile of hearing aid she father ... make ... sit just in front of the microphone of the ham radio . regan look back up to the board at the phrase ... " weapon ?? " . regan look to the creature still search the room for sound . regan raise she hand to she ear ... and turn her father be hearing aid back on ! immediately .... the excruciating beeeeeeep flood our world ! suddenly the creature ... stop ! it's plate ... SNAP shut out of protection !!!!!! regan look on as the creature scramble back in obvious pain ! 78 . after a moment regan ... switch the hearing aid off ! ... silence ... evelyn look down at she daughter ... regan ... slowly move she hand across she father 's workbench to ... the headphone . the creature ... now screeeeeeecheech !!!!... slowly get back to it 's foot ... and turn directly toward regan !!! regan 's finger travel up the black cord of she father 's headphone to ... the ham radio ! suddenly regan unplug the headphone from the ham radio as we hear ... a pop of feedback from the now OPEN speaker !!!! the creature .... screeeeeechech ... and move for regan ! just then ... we be on marcus who 's sweat have indeed make it to he chin ... then fall . we follow the sweat ... as it hit the baby ... the baby begins to cry !!!! the creature suddenly whirl away from regan toward the tank time slow down .... all in one moment .... - regan reach she hand up to she ear ... and remove the hearing aid her father made her - the creature rear up to strike the water tank ! and in that exact moment , regan ... extend her arm ... ..... we watch as regan place her hearing aid ... ..... onto the microphone !!!! close on the ham radio speaker .... as the brain piercing beeeeeep blare out !!!!! with the sound now hugely more powerful and pierce we see : the creature suddenly ... shoot up dead straight ... once again it's plate SNAP shut !!!... it's head pointed to the ceiling ... it's body quake ! tense ... with agony !!! 79 . on regan as she face ... doesn't change ... she be safe now that she isn't wearing the hearing aids . close on the creature ... as every plate on its body clench tighter ... tighter ... almost digging into the creature's own skin . and then ... they begin to shake ! the creature screeeeeechech once more in pain as it now fall backward to the floor !!! the plate ... shake more violently now ... and that create a sound . something between that of a cicada right next to you ear ... and the sound of a house fan 's blade rub against the cage its enclose in , the sound ... be awful ! just then ... a popping SOUND . and then another ... as the frequency of the sound short circuit the plate to the point that they ... begin to pop OPEN ... and then give way !!! as plate now begin to go limp , for the first time ... we see inside of the creature !!! a vast and complex system of hole and chamber that cavitate SOUND ! the creature continue to scurry backward through the room to the dark corner at the back reaching for something ... anything to stop this SOUND ... this pain ! as it reach the back wall it suddenly stop . plate hang like limp petal of a flower ... as black fluid begins to trickle out ... regan ... turn off the hearing aid ... silence .... ... the only sound that can be hear be the creature's inner anatomy as it rise and slowly fall ... as if gasp for life ... evelyn and regan look over to the water tank ... as marcus slowly stand up ... holding the baby evelyn take one step toward he when ... the creature leap out of the dark ... and launch , arm extended toward regan !!! on the creature .... behind the limp plate we now see the disgusting face of the creature . large , black ... and long ago evolved away ... eye socket be the last thing we see as the creature lets out a now distorted and thus more horrifying screech !!!! 80 . on regan ... as her eye close .... she' ready .... when suddenly ... evelyn step into frame ........... shotgun raised ... blam !!! the creature's head ...... explode ..... ... silence ... regan and evelyn look to the carcus at they be foot .... dead ! after a long moment ... from outside , off in the distance ... we hear a muffle ... screeeeeeech . and then ... another ... and another ... the other creature .... heard the shot !.... regan and evelyn slowly look to the monitor ... as they image once again flicker to life . on each of the monitor ... a quiet , undisturbed landscape .... then suddenly in one of the monitor off in the leave corner ... a claw step into frame !!!! in another monitor ... a shadow flash past the screen . then another monitor ... another creature ... and another ... and another ... the creature be racing toward the farmhouse !!! evelyn slowly turn ... and look down at she daughter . regan look up at she mother for a long moment and then reach out she hand to the knob of the ham radio .......... and turn the volume up all the way ! evelyn 's face ... change ... as she raise the shot gun into frame ........ and cock it !!!! 81 . black begin credit .....