a scanner darkly written by Charlie Kaufman adapted from the novel by Philip K. Dick first draft December 20 , 1997 shot of notebook page dapple with sunlight Pov of someone skim a hand - write entry . the corresponding voice- over be offhand , dispassionate . in the background , child can be hear laugh and play . bob arctor ( v.o. ) lately , Jerry fabin stand all day shaking bug from he hair . the doctor say there be no bug in he hair . the sound of finger scratch scalp begin and grow louder through the follow montage . ext . coca - cola bottling plant - pre-dawn subtitle : orange county , california , in the year 1994 a massive , unlit coca - cola sign be eerily silhouett against the early morning sky . antiquated delivery truck set out from load dock , as red futuristic cargo plane , emblazon with the coca -cola logo , take off from the roof . ext . freeway - pre-dawn bird - eye view of coca - cola truck spread out through the city . Coke plane shoot by close to the camera . ext . 7 - 11 - dawn a Coke truck pull into the parking lot . ext . supermarket - dawn a Coke plane land gracefully on the roof of the supermarket . ext . mcdonald be - dawn uniform delivery man enter , haul case of Coke syrup . ext . residential STREET - dawn a coca - cola truck rumble slowly past a row of low - income , plastic pre-fab house . we hold on one house whose front lawn be strewn with furniture and clean product . int . jerry fabin' live room - dawn the window be spray- paint over with silver paint . a single pole lamp with bare , harsh spot-light illuminate the room , which be emptied of furniture , cover in a sickly green shag carpet , and litter with fast - food wrapper . in ( continued ) 2 . continued : the center of the room stand Jerry fabin , thirty , with wild - eye and a long , tangle mass of hair . he be naked , drape over a metal garbage can , and vigorously scratch he head . this process continue for a uncomfortably long time . a Golden retriever sleep in the corner . int . jerry fabin' bathroom - later Jerry fabin stand under a hot shower . steam fill the stall . he scrub he hair violently with tense finger . int . jerry fabin' live room - later we hear the shower . steam pour out the open bathroom door . ext . jerry fabin' house - mid -day the sun be high ; the day be bright and hazy . a few hippie stroll by or sit on front step , discreetly smoking joint . we hear the distant sound of Jerry 's shower . int . jerry fabin' bathroom - later Jerry be still in the shower , scrubbing away . he finally turn it off and step out , a drown rat . he dry himself , wipe the mirror and squint nervously at he reflection . tiny bug hop around on he head . he scream . int . jerry fabin' live room - later Jerry lie on the cruddy shag carpet , open volume of the encyclopedia brittanica spread around he . he scratch himself as he study one of the volume . insect hop up and down all over he body , and on the rug . when he exhales , a cloud of bug pour from he mouth ; he shoos they away . ext . jerry fabin' house - day Jerry head up the walkway carry a shopping bag . several can of raid and other bug spray poke out of the bag . bug hop around on Jerry . he put the bag down on the stoop to scratch himself . he notice tiny bug chew the shrub . int . nursery - day Jerry consult with a man behind the cash register . nursery clerk eat the bush ? could be aphid . ( continued ) 3. continued : jerry fabin aphid ! of course . y'know , I start with " a " in my cyclopedia , yet somehow I must have skip right over aphid . it do start with " a " , right ? aphid ? nursery clerk yes . yes , it do , sir . jerry fabin Boy , that fucker can really bite . nursery clerk aphid do not bite people . fabin just stare at the clerk . int . jerry fabin' live room - day scrawle chart depict the aphid life - cycle now adorn the wall . as Jerry spray a can of " aphid - off " around the room , he notice he sleep dog be cover with the bug . int . jerry fabin' bathroom - day Jerry stand in the shower with he dog . Jerry be lather head - to - toe and in the process of lather the dog . dissolve to : int . bathroom - later Jerry and the long -suffer dog be still in the shower . Charles freck , early thirty and stone , enter . charle freck hey , Jerry , I be in the neighborhood look to score , and I think -- what the fuck be you do in the shower with the goddamn dog ? jerry fabin I get to get the aphid . Jerry turn off the shower , step out with the dog , and begin drying he . freck watch silently , transfix , as Jerry proceed to rub oil , then talc into the dog 's coat . charle freck I do not see any aphid . what 's a aphid ? ( continued ) 4. continued : jerry fabin ( busy ) it eventually kill you . that 's what a aphid be . freck nod sympathetically . jerry fabin they're in my hair and my skin and my lung . the goddamn pain be unbearable . I be gonna have to go to the hospital . charle freck ( beat , squint ) how come I can not see they though ? Jerry stop talcing the dog , look up at freck . int . jerry fabin' live room - a bit later Jerry and freck be on all four on the carpet . bug hop all around . the powder - white dog sleep in the corner . jerry fabin I will find a especially big one , cause they be hard for many people to see . Jerry grab a bug from the carpet , throw it in a jar , and clamp the lid down fast . he show it triumphantly to freck . charle freck wow ! that be a big one ! jerry fabin help I find more for the doctor to see . dissolve to : int . jerry fabin' live room - later the two man be still on they hand and knee collect bug . Three jar be already full of hopping insect . charle freck what do we get for this ? I mean , do the doctor pay a bounty or something ? a prize ? any bread ? ( continued ) 5 . continued : jerry fabin I get to help perfect a cure for they . they continue to collect bug in silence . Jerry start scratch himself again , try not to be too obvious . jerry fabin hey , man , you continue while I take a leak and like that . Jerry head to the bathroom . the dog , who have be sleep near the bathroom door , skulk to the other side of the room . charle freck Jerry , this bug sort of scare I . I do not like it here by myself . Jerry stop , hold the door jam for support . he be in pain . jerry fabin you be a chickenshit bastard , freck . charle freck could not you -- jerry fabin I get to take a leak and like that ! Jerry enter the bathroom , slam the door shut , and lock it . int . bathroom - continuous Jerry turn on the shower , climb in and begin to soap himself vigorously . freck be barely audible throughout . charle freck ( o.s. ) I be afraid out here , man . jerry fabin then go fuck yourself , man ! charle freck ( o.s. ) do this fucker bite ? jerry fabin yeah they bite ! they be aphid ! charle freck can I wash they off and wait for you ? Jerry ignore freck . he scrub himself intently , ritualistically , totally absorb in he task . 6 . int . lion be club hall - day we hear pronounce , rhythmic breathe , as we scan the hall , which be fill with middle - age businessman wear a array of brightly color suit . they be well - feed and dull - look . at the podium be another bussinessman , this one fat in a pink suit and yellow tie . he address the assemblage . fat businessman gentlemen , we have a wonderful opportunity this afternoon . the county of Orange have provide we with the chance to hear from -- and put question to -- a undercover narcotic agent from the sheriff 's Office . the fat businessman gesture with a sweep of he arm toward the camera . the heavy breathe stop as we angle on what the fat businessman be gesture toward : a generic blur of a human be sit on stage . the blur be clearly human , but it 's impossible to settle on its facial feature . it 's as if the feature keep change . fat businessman ( cont 'd ) now you will notice that you can barely see this individual becuase he be wear what be call a " scramble suit " , which he wear during most of he daily activity of law enforcement . due to potential corruption within the sheriff 's Department , even this gallant officer 's co-worker and superior must not know he " street " identity . heavy breathe . again we be inside the suit . now we see , in shadowy profile , the face of the man in the suit . this be Bob arctor , early thirty , homely , and look like a druggie . he scan the audience disdainfully . bob arctor ( under breath ) nitwit . pathetic , soulless moron . we cut to the outside of the suit -- still expressionless . fat businessman this man -- whom we will call Fred , because that be the code name under which he report the information he ( more ) ( continued ) 7. continued : fat businessman ( cont would ) gather -- can not be identify by voice or by appearance . he look , do he not , like a vague blur . this be because he scramble suit project thousand of different human face onto you retinas , thus turn Fred into a veritable everyman . all thing to all people translate into nothing to anyone , do it not ? the fat businessman smile a big , toothy smile . the audience of straight smile back , almost in unison . fat businessman ( cont 'd ) so let 's hear it for we vague blur ! the audience erupt into enthusiastic applause . Fred rise and replace the fat businessman behind the podium . when he speak it be a emotionless computer voice . fred if you see I on the street , you would say , " there go a weirdo freak doper . " and you would feel aversion and walk away . the audience be silent , blank , they blankness a reflection of the blankness of Fred 's scramble suit . fred ( cont 'd ) I do not look like you . I can not afford to . my life depend on it . Dramatic pause . fred ( cont 'd ) I be not go to tell you first what I be attempt to do as a undercover officer . I be go to tell you ... ( beat ) ... what I be afraid of . now the audience be hook , they eye wide . we move inside the suit and watch Bob arctor watch the audience , timing the pause for best effect . we hear the breathe again , and when arctor speak , it be in he normal voice , bored , deliver a memorize speech . bob arctor what I fear , be that we child , you child and my child ... ( pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) 8. continued : bob arctor ( cont would ) ... I have two . Little one . quick shot of family photo of arctor , he wife , and two little girl the arctor in the photo be different , conservative , in a colorful suit like the audience member . his wife and kid be smile and suburban-look . they feature indistinct , generic , impossible to recall . bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but not too little to be addict ... int . lion be club hall - continuous arctor be speak from inside the suit . bob arctor ... calculatedly addict , for profit , by that who would destroy this society . we do not yet know who this animal be who pray on we young , but one day we will . voice from crowd sock it to them ! the audience concur . Bob arctor sigh disdainfully . outside the suit , the sigh be hear as a computer - like exhalation , uninterpretable , lose on the audience . fred we believe there be one source for substance D and a diversify distribution system make it accessible in all major drug use area . it my job as a undercover officer to attain the confidence of low level dealer and work my way up through the network to arrive at the drug 's source . now , the profit for ... Fred become silent , stand there . the audience wait . Inside the suit , arctor sweat , can not remember he line . he look , panicked , out at the sea of eye and finally wing it . bob arctor well , it be not the profit anyhow . it 's something else ... what you see ... ( continued ) 9. continued : arctor scan the hard audience . he try a new tack . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) if you be a diabetic , and you do not have the money for insulin , would you steal to get the money ? or just die ? a tinny voice speak to arctor through he headphone . headphone voice I think you would better go back to the prepare text , Fred . bob arctor ( quietly into throat mike ) I forget it . headphone voice riiight . I will read it to you . repeat it after I , but try to make it sound casual . " each day the profit flow . where they go we will soon determine . " bob arctor ( quietly ) I get a block against this stuff . headphone voice " then retribution will swiftly follow . and at that moment , for the life of I , I would not be in they shoe . " bob arctor ( quietly ) you know why I have get a block against this stuff ? because this bullshit be what get people on dope . the audience watch the vague blur mumble in a computer voice . they look uneasy . Fred be silent for a moment , then start to talk again in he drine . fred " D " be for substance D. which be for dumbness , despair , and desertion , the desertion of you friend from you , you from they , everyone from everyone , isolation and loneliness and hat and suspect each other . D be finally death . slow death , we ... ( beat ) ... we the doper call it ... ( continued ) 10 . continued : Inside the suit , Bob arctor talk . bob arctor ( raspy , sad ) ... slow death . from the head on down . ( beat ) well , that 's it . arctor go back to he seat . the audience be angry . headphone voice see I in my office when you get back . the fat businessman be at the podium diffuse the situation . fat businessman I forget to tell you that Fred ask I in advance to make this lecture primarily a q and a forum with only a short introductory statement . so any question ? arctor stand . fat businessman ( cont 'd ) oh , wait , it appear Fred have something else to say . good , then . ( to arctor ) please . arctor approach the podium , upset . bob arctor just this . do not kick they ass after they be on it . half of they , especially the girl , do not know they be get on anything at all . see , the pusher dissolve some red in a glass of wine , they give the booze to a underage little chick , she pass out , then they inject she with a mex hit -- half heroin , half substance D. ( beat ) thank you . second voice from crowd how do we stop they , sir ? we be outside the suit now , look at Fred the vague blur behind the podium . he talk in a neutral computer voice . ( continued ) 11 . continued : fred kill the pusher . ext . payphone - day Charles freck be on the phone , speak in hushed tone . charle freck can you lay about ten death on I ? telephone voice Christ , I be look to score myself . charle freck Christ . ( beat ) Christ . Christ Christ Christ . int . charle freck car - day freck drive slowly along a strip - mall Anaheim street . he pass a thrifty pharmacy and notice the window display : bottle of slow death , slow death mix with speed and junk and psychedelics . dayglow sign in the window : " you credit be good here " and " death to the mass " he look again . the window display comb and shampoo . freck check he rearview mirror , see a police car follow he . charle freck Fucking goddamn fuzzmobile . what be I do ? be I weaving ? I do not even know . freck drive very deliberately , he hand grip , white - knuckle , on the steering wheel in a attempt to keep the car completely straight . he try he best to plaster a non - stone , regular guy look on he face . but he 's sweat . charle freck ( cont 'd ) what I will do be pull over when I see a parking space . that 's it : pull over like I be gonna pull over anyway . like it 's totally normal to pull over . like I be go to a store . that 's perfect . Real people do that all the time . freck see a angle space , pull over suddenly . the cop car glide past , apparently have have no interest in freck . ( continued ) 12 . continued : charle freck ( cont 'd ) fuck. Fucking fuzz . now I will never be able to pull back into traffic . freck sigh , resign himself to wait in he parking spot and check out the young , mini-skirted woman walk by . charle freck ( cont 'd ) ( keep score ) Fox ... fox ... not a fox ... of ...hey , I know that fox ! freck open he car door and jump out . ext . anaheim STREET - continuous freck hurry after a pretty young woman , nineteen , with black hair . this be donna hawthorne . charle freck hey ! donna realize that freck be follow she and pick up she pace . the sidewalk be crowded with people . donna weave through , graceful and fast . freck struggle to catch up . charle freck ( cont 'd ) hey ! the light be against she at the corner and while the other pedestrian wait for the walk sign , donna jut out into traffic , cause a Coke truck to swerve and honk . she give it the finger . freck wait with the other till the light change . then he run , catch up with donna , and walk backwards ahead of she , sweat and panting . charle freck ( cont 'd ) donna ! she ignore he , keep walk . charle freck ( cont 'd ) be not you Bob arctor 's old lady ? donna hawthorne no . ( pull out a little pocket knife , point it at freck ) get lose . he widen the distance between they to avoid get stick . ( continued ) 13 . continued : charle freck sure you be . I meet you at he place . donna turn and walk directly toward freck , she little knife point at he stomach . he jump out of the way . charle freck jeez . I just ... donna keep walk . freck shrug and slouches dejectedly away . he turn and give one last glance over he shoulder . donna have stop amid the bustling foot traffic . she be squinting at he . freck cautiously approach she . charle freck ( cont 'd ) one night I and Bob and another chick have some old Simon and garfunkel tape . you be fill cap with high - grade death , then you laid one on each of we . donna hawthorne I think you be go to knock I down and bang I . charle freck no . I just wonder if you , like , want a ride or ... bang you on the sidewalk ? in broad daylight ? donna hawthorne I think you might pull I into a doorway or something . charle freck I know you . besides arctor would snuff I if I do that . donna hawthorne well , I do not recognize you . I be sort of nearsight . donna move a few step closer to freck and squint at he . charle freck you want a ride where you be go ? donna hawthorne you will bang I in the car . ( continued ) 14 . continued : charle freck Nah . besides I can not get it up this day . must be something they be adulterate all the stuff with . donna hawthorne that 's a neat - of line , but I have hear it before . everybody bang I . at least they try to . that 's what it 's like to be a chick . charle freck that really suck . donna hawthorne I be suing one guy right now for molestation and assault . we be ask punitive damage in excess of forty thousand . charle freck how far he get ? donna hawthorne a hand around my boob . charle freck that 's not worth forty thousand . int . charle freck car - day freck drive donna home . charle freck listen , you get anything to sell ? I be really hurt . donna hawthorne I can get it . charle freck tabs , though . I do not shoot up . Needles be a bummer to I . donna hawthorne sixty dollar a hundred . charle freck jeez , man , that 's a burn . ( continued ) 15 . continued : donna hawthorne they be super good . take my word . charle freck all right . a hundred , then . donna hawthorne cool . how do I get in touch ? charle freck Charles B. freck -- donna pull a little pad and a pencil from she purse and write down freck 's name . donna hawthorne V. freck ? charle freck Charles freck . she correct the name . freck notice that she write be a slow and childish scrawl . it make he sad . then he steal a glance at she breast as she write . charle freck ( cont 'd ) 658-4412. she write down the phone number . donna hawthorne I think I remember you now . charle freck hey , you want to go with I to see Jerry fabin ? I be haul some of he stuff over to the number Three Federal Clinic where they take he last night . donna hawthorne I better not . Jerry think I contaminate he originally with that bug . charle freck they be aphid . donna hawthorne yeah , well , then he do not know what they be . 16 . ext . anaheim STREET - day Bob arctor , now out of he scramble suit and look like a druggie , wander depressed and aimless along a crowded street . he pass a McDonald 's , a 7 - 11 , a mirrore office building , pull a pill box from he pocket , and surreptitiously swallow two capsule . he study he reflection in the office building . behind he on the street be the disapprove reflection of pass straight . he blend back into the flow of foot traffic . a grungy hippy smile at he . arctor nod , pass another McDonald 's . he pass a third McDonald 's almost immediately . bob arctor Fucking mcdonaldburger 's be take over . ext . phone booth - later arctor dial the phone and take a bite from a partially unwrapped McDonald 's hamburger . he chew as the phone ring . donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) hello ? bob arctor donna . how you doin ' ? it 's bob. donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) ( pause ) oh. hi. bob arctor how 's you head today , man ? donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) eh. I be bumtrip this a.m. by my boss . this gray hair bilk we out of ten buck . so my boss say it 's come out of my paycheck ! bob arctor hey , can I get anything from you ? donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) ( resistant ) I do not know . bob arctor ten. just ten . ( continued ) 17 . continued : donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) yeah , okay . I will come over tonight . hey , I have this book I want to show you . about wolf . bob arctor oh , wow . donna hawthorne you know what the male wolf do when he defeat a foe ? he do not snuff he . he pee on he ! then he split . bob arctor I peed on some people today . donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) no kid ? how come ? bob arctor metaphorically peed , I mean . donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) not the usual way ? bob arctor what I mean be , I tell this group of ... arctor realize he 's say too much . he try to cover . he glance at a Foster 's freeze across the street with some Hell 's angel in the parking lot . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) ... biker -types , at the Foster 's freeze . I be cruise around and they say something raunchy , so I turn and say something like -- arctor have no idea what to say . suddenly he 's exhaust . donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) you can tell I , even if it 's super gross . you have to be super gross with biker - type . bob arctor I tell them I would rather ride a pig than a hog . donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) ( beat ) I do not get it . ( continued ) 18. continued : bob arctor well , a pig be a chick that -- donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) oh. okay , well I get it . barf . oh , I forget to tell you , you roommate , Ernie what 's - his - name and barris , come into the shop today look for you . bob arctor they do not try I at my job , do they ? donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) I dunno . they say they want to use you cephalochromoscope and it do not work . so barris take it apart -- bob arctor the hell you say -- donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) and apparently it 's be sabotage . the wire cut , and sort of weird stuff like that . barris say he would -- bob arctor fuck barris ! that cephscope cost I nine hundred dollar . I need to get home right now . but I gotta ... oh , fuck , man . fuck fuck fuck barris ! donna hawthorne ( o.s. ) you gotta what ? bob arctor I gotta run a errand and like that . int . bob arctor be car - day arctor park across from the New - path drug rehab facility , a convert wood frame house . he check the police photo of erroll week , a.k.a spade week , shove it into he glove compartment , and head , business - like , toward the building . shot of notebook page dapple with sunlight Children play in the background . someone skim the entry , as the offhand voice - over read along . bob arctor ( v.o. ) the s.o. believe spade week have lose himself inside New - path by pose as a junky . New - path strip junky of all ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . continued : bob arctor ( cont would ) i.d. and give they new name as part of personality rebuild process . it 's a perfect hide place . int . new - path - continuous it 's gloomy . there 's a lounge area with a couple of guy read . a unused ping - pong table . poster on the wall such as the only real failure be to fail other . arctor enter , now play the junky : strung - out , disorient . a pretty girl in a New - path tee-shirt appear . new - path girl can I help you ? bob arctor I be in a bad place . I wanna turn myself in for treatment . int . fiddler' three coffee shop - day Charles freck and Jim barris sit in a booth . freck play distractedly with he glaze doughnut . barris , in shade , pull apart he patty melt , inspect each ingredient . charle freck hey , barris , I be think of turn myself in to New - path . barris do not seem at all interested . jim barris no shit . charle freck but it 's tough , that cold turkey thing they do . they watch you night and day so you do not snuff . but they never give you anything , like a doctor will , like valium or like that . jim barris hey , what kind of bread be this on the patty melt , anyway ? charle freck look on the menu . it explain everything . barris pick up a menu , study it as he speak . ( continued ) 20 . continued : jim barris if you go into New - path , you ' will experience symptom that emanate up from the basic fluid of the body , specifically that locate in the brain . by that I refer to the catecholamine , such as noradrenaline and serotonin . you see , substance D function this way : it interact with the catecholamine in such a fashion that involement be lock in at a subcellular level . biological counteradaptation have occur . ( look up ) nine-grain wheat . int . new - path - day arctor sit in a small room paint institutional green . he hold a styrofoam cup of coffee in he theatrically shaking hand . the New - path girl stare at he , arm akimbo . two large impassive guy stand near the door . new - path girl you look like hell , mister . new - path guy # 1 yeah . like real shit . what you be do , lie in you own crap ? new - path guy # 2 crap lie in crap . how appropriate . int . fiddler' three coffee shop - day a cute waitress come up to barris and freck 's table . waitress so be everything good , fella ? freck become panicked , paranoid . he frantically chew some doughnut , try to appear straight . barris , in control , signal to freck that everything be copacetic . jim barris say , be you name Patty ? waitress no . ( indicate name tag over right breast ) it 's Beth . ( continued ) 21 . continued : charle freck ( under breath , snicker ) I wonder what the leave one 's call . waitress I be sorry , hon ? charle freck no. nothing . jim barris the waitress we have last time be name Patty . same as the sandwich . waitress that must have be a different Patty from the sandwich . I think she spell it with a i. jim barris everything be super good . freck look over leer barris 's head and see a think balloon in which the waitress be stripping off she clothes . waitress ( in thought balloon ) ( moan ) oh , oh , fuck I , barris . fuck I ... freck , nervous the waitress will see the balloon , try to get she attention on he . charle freck everything be not good with I . I get a lot of problem nobody else have . the waitress look down sympathetically at freck . waitress oh , no . that 's too bad . jim barris more people than you think have such problem . this be a world of illness , and get progressively worse . the waitress now look with some confusion at barris . freck glance nervously at the balloon above barris 's head . in it the waitress be be fuck from behind by barris . ( continued ) 22. continued : waitress ( in thought balloon ) oh , oh , oooh oh , barris ... waitress ( smile ) so would you guy like to order dessert ? we have fresh peach pie . freck can not take he eye from the think balloon . charle freck no ! no , we do not want any dessert ! the waitress smile , nod , and leave the table . the think balloon dissipate . charle freck ( cont 'd ) fruit pie be for old lady anyway . int . new - path - day arctor sit surround by the three stand New - path people . bob arctor this place be the only hope I could think of . I have a friend come in here . a black dude , in he thirty -- new - path girl you will meet the family later . if you qualify . you have to be bad off to be let in here , mister . bob arctor I be bad off . new - path girl it 's go to be super rough . you will gnaw you pillow . you will foam at the mouth . you will dirty yourself the way sick animal do . bob arctor okay , but listen , this black guy , my buddy , go by the name of spade , do he make it here ? I sure hope he do not get pick up by the pig on the way over . new - path girl there be no one - to- one relationship at New - path . you will learn that . 23. int . fiddler' three coffee shop - day jim barris tell I , why the debate regard turn yourself in for residence therapy at a drug rehab facility ? charle freck my friend Jerry fabin and he aphid . jim barris ( dismissive wave ) fabin be a special case . charle freck there 's another reason . I be run low again , and I can not stand this always run low and not know if I be ever go to score again . actually , though , I may have a new source . that donna chick . jim barris oh , Bob 's girl . charle freck his old lady . jim barris no . he never get into she pants . charle freck really ? can not Bob get it on ? jim barris ( shrug ) it 's possible donna 's on junk . her aversion to bodily contact -- junky lose interest in sex , you see , due to they organ swell up from vasoconstriction . and donna show inordinate failure of sexual arousal , not just to Bob , but to ... other male as well . charle freck I never shot smack . Needles be a bummer to I . jim barris ( conspiratorially ) but ... I can show you how to lay donna for ninety - eight cent . ( continued ) 24 . continued : charle freck I do not want to lay she . I just want to buy from she . jim barris donna do coke . anybody who would give she a gram of coke she would undoubtedly spread she leg for . charle freck I wish you would not talk that way . besides who have the money to procure a gram of coke ? jim barris I , my friend , can derive a gram of coke for a total cost to I of under one dollar . from a product readily available at you neighborhood 7- 11 . charle freck that 's bullshit . int . charle freck car - day freck and barris drive along . charle freck which 7 - 11 store do you prefer to shop at ? the one on lincoln be nice . jim barris that 's a fine 7 - 11 . charle freck although what about the one on 8th ? they have the wider aisle . a more spacious shopping experience . jim barris let 's not forget the one on katella with the foxy cashier to hit on . int . bob arctor' live room - day it 's a mess . freck be on the couch smoking a joint . a cat sleep in he lap . another cat and a dog lie on either side of he . a disassembled cephscope be on the coffee table , wire expose . barris hover over the dining room table where he have set up a makeshift chemistry lab . ( continued ) 25 . continued : charle freck what 's with Bob 's cephscope , he prize possession of the entire world ? jim barris oh , it 's be sabotage by person or person unknown . barris hold up a aerosol can of solarcaine sunburn spray . jim barris ( cont 'd ) behold , what they have deliberately do be mix the cocaine with oil so it can not be extract -- they cleverly call it benzocaine -- but my knowledge of chemistry be such that I know precisely how to separate the two . barris spray the entire content of the can into a baggie . charle freck this be super unreal . I be flipping . barris shake salt into the gummy slime in the bag . jim barris now I will freeze it , which cause the cocaine crystal to rise to the top because they be lighter than air . barris pour the slime into a jar . jim barris ( cont 'd ) than oil , I mean . barris put the jar in the freezer . jim barris ( cont 'd ) the terminal step I keep to myself , but it involve a intricate methodological process of filter . charle freck even if you do get a gram of coke out of thisl , I can not use it to get into donna 's pants . that 's like buy she . jim barris you give she a gift she give you one . the most precious gift a woman have . ( continued ) 26 . continued : charle freck you be talk about Bob arctor 's girl , barris . he 's my friend and the guy you and luckman live with . jim barris there 's a great deal about Bob arctor you be not aware of . you view be simplistic and naive , and you believe about he what he want you to . charle freck ( defensively ) I do not . int . police station - day Frank , in a scramble suit , talk to hank , also in a scramble suit and study a clipboard . hank that cover barris and freck . let 's see , I guess we can write Jerry fabin off . fred I read he eeg analysis . fabin 's over . hank good riddance . any luck locating we miss pusher friend spade week ? fred New - path would not tell I shit . they be very protective of they own . hank junky , ex-junky . it 's a club . ( flipping through note ) what about donna hawthorne ? fred I keep pump she for more and more death . pretty soon she will have to refer I up to she source . hank Fine . and what 's arctor up to ? we go inside Fred 's suit and see the shadowy face of arctor . ( continued ) 27 . continued : bob arctor Bob arctor ? he 's not do anything much . work at he nowhere Blue chip stamp job , drop a few tabs of meth cut with death during the day . hank that 's not what I hear . arctor study the vague blankness of hank . bob arctor what do you mean ? hank we have a tip that arctor have fund above and beyond what he make at the stamp redemption center . we move outside the suit and see Fred . fred no shit , hank . be that true ? hank and accord to this information , arctor come and go mysteriously . have you observe any of this ? fred most likely he 's with he chick , donna . hank most likely ? you be suppose to know . fred yeah , it 's donna . he 's over there bang she day and night . but I will let you know . so , who 's the informant ? hank Hell , we do not know . no voice print . he use one of that rinky - dink grid . fred Christ , it 's that burn - out acid head barris do a schizy grudge job on arctor 's head . I would not give he the time of day as a informant . ( continued ) 28 . continued : hank we do not know it 's barris . anyway , there may be more to barris than meet the eye . we be look into he . nothing I feel would be of use to you , at least so far . fred well , it 's one of arctor 's friend . hank yeah . undoubtedly a vengeance burn trip . but we need to know why arctor 's make this kind of enemy . fred hank , I do not see this as a avenue of -- hank so I be take you off spade and , for the time be , I be assign you primarily to observe Bob arctor . fred ( strangle robot noise ) you be assign I to watch arctor ? we move inside Fred 's suit and watch a uncomfortable , sweaty arctor watch hank . hank covertly fund , covertly engage , Fred . it 's worth check into . bob arctor Fine . so I assume this mean you ' will be bugging arctor 's house and car ? hank with the new holographic scanner system . this way you can study arctor 's every move on the tape , and report back to we in detail . hank , the vague blur , look up at Fred . Fred , the vague blur , return he look . fred sound good , then . ( continued ) 29 . continued : hank good . you will need to get arctor and the boy away from the house so we can install the equipment . ext . bob arctor' backyard - night the yard , light only by moonlight , be overgrown with weed and litter with rubbish . barris sit on a crack cement patio fiddling with some sort of foam rubber and aluminum foil tube . freck look on anxiously . Ernie luckman , a big stoner in a football jersey , sit on a decrepit swing set , look up at the moon , and sip a beer . charle freck why do you need a silencer , anyway , Jim ? I mean , they be illegal . ernie luckman Law abidance have always be of the utmost concern to Jim barris . jim barris in this day and age , with the kind of degenerate society we live in and the depravity of the individual , every person of worth need a gun at all time . to protect himself . ernie luckman just shut up and fire off the great eleven cent silencer of we time . barris half shut he eye and fire the pistol into the air . it be the loudest report ever hear . int . bob arctor' bedroom - continuous arctor jerk awake and reflexively grab he gun from under he pillow . confused , heart pound , he try to take in he surroundings . dog bark outside . ( continued ) 30 . continued : charle freck ( o.s. ) that 's some silencer , man . jim barris ( o.s. ) what it do be augment the sound rather than dampen it . but I almost have it right . I have it in principal , anyhow . arctor sigh , replace the gun , and get out of bed . int . bob arctor' live room - continuous arctor trudge through the pig-sty live room , past the ratty couch , the break cephscope , the crooked picture on the wall . he disappear into the kitchen . charle freck ( o.s. ) how much be a gun like that worth ? jim barris ( o.s. ) not much . thirty buck . I will sell it to you . arctor reappear , lean against the kitchen door , beer in hand , and look at the depress live room . jim barris ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you really ought to have one to protect yourself , freck , against that who would harm you . ernie luckman ( o.s. ) there 's a lot of that . I see in the L.A. Times yesterday , they be give away a free transistor radio to that who would harm freck most successfully . arctor study the empty couch . dissolve to : int . bob arctor' live room - night it 's the same room , but different . it 's neat . the picture on the wall be straight . a young , cleaner , straighter Bob arctor sit on the couch watch tv with he wife and child . through shadow and obstruction , we never get a clear view of arctor 's family . ( continued ) 31 . continued : television jingle it 's real , it 's Coke , it 's really , really real . really really really ... wife popcorn and coke , guy ? daughter yay , popcorn and coke ! int . bob arctor' neat kitchen - evening the catchy , reduntant Coke jingle continue in the background throughout . Bob arctor squat down and reach into a floor level cabinet to grab a popcorn popper . when he rise , he hit he head hard on a sharp corner . his countenance change dramatically , violently . bob arctor ah , fuck !! wife ( o.s. ) honey ? arctor drop to the floor , press he hand against he bleed scalp . bob arctor fucking popcorn popper ! fuck ! arctor 's wife and daughter appear in the doorway . we seem they from behind , look at arctor . wife oh my God ! arctor 's wife run to he . his daughter hover in the doorway . arctor look up at he wife , at he daughter . shot of notebook page dapple with sunlight kid play in background . a dispassionate arctor read the handwritten entry . bob arctor ( v.o. ) that pain , so unexpected , so undeserve , clear away the cobweb in my head . I do not hate the popcorn popper , I hate my wife and kid . 32 . int . neat kitchen - evening arctor bleed , he wife hover , the jingle persist . bob arctor fuck ! shot of neatly groomed backyard with new swing set bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I hate my backyard , ... shot of neatly groomed front yard bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... my front yard , ... arctor , in short , appear push a lawnmower . bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... my power mower . int . kitchen - night arctor sit on the floor bleed . he look at he wife and child , they face somehow become more and more vague . bob arctor ( v.o. ) all the element that make up my life be right there . and nothing new would ever happen . like a little plastic boat that would sail on forever , without incident , until it finally sink , which would be a secret relief to all . shot of notebook dapple with sunlight kid laugh . camera skim across this handwritten word : bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) so I end that life and start this one . now I dwell in a ugly world ... int . arctor' bedroom - night present-day druggie arctor return to bed with he beer . jim barris ( o.s. ) this one will be totally soundless . there be another extremely loud gunshot . 33. ext . backyard - continuous barris study he silencer , perplex . dog bark again . ernie luckman Jesus , barris . y'know , you be suppose to be fix the cephscope . Bob 's lie in he bed right now think you be fix he cephscope . int . arctor' bedroom - continuous arctor lie in bed and write in he notebook . the voice - over be different here : it 's halting , as if he 's compose ; and it 's read with immediacy and anxiety . bob arctor ( v.o. ) now I dwell in a ugly ... disorder world . but this very disorder ... permit ... the ... unpredictable to -- there 's a knock on the door . arctor slip the notebook under the mattress . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) yeah ? mumbling outside door . arctor finger the gun under he pillow . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) come in , barris . the door open . barris enter , shuffle , smile , sweat . jim barris hey , Bob . I think you would be sleep . barris sit , uninvite , on the edge of arctor 's bed . jim barris ( cont 'd ) I be here to inform you , Bob , that I have formulate a initial theory as to who may have systematically damage you cephscope with malice and may do it again . arctor wait . barris smile a shit-eate smile . jim barris ( cont 'd ) ( point ) you . ( continued ) 34 . continued : bob arctor why the fuck would I screw up my own cephscope ? jim barris no , no . you ... ( point at arctor ) ... be look at the person who do it . ( point at himself ) that be my complete , intend statement , which I be not allow to utter . bob arctor you do it ? jim barris I mean it 's my theory that I do it . under post-hypnotic suggestion . with a amnesia block so I would not remember bob arctor oh , Jesus , barris . go fuck yourself . arctor turn away from barris . barris lean in close . jim barris do not you see , Bob , I have get the advanced , specialize , technical , electronic skill . I have access , because I live here . it all fit . ( beat ) what I can not figure out be my motive . bob arctor how about , you be a fuck - up lunatic ? jim barris I might have be hire by secret force . it could be as big as that , Bob . as huge as that . arctor reach under he bed frame and pull out two tabs of substance D. he wash they down with beer , close he eye . bob arctor get lose . ext . bob arctor' house - morning arctor , barris , and luckman emerge from the house , bedraggle and bleary - eye , and climb into arctor 's car . 35 . int . arctor be car - continuous arctor start the car , begin to pull out of the driveway . jim barris oh , hold on , Bob . I forget something . I forget my antihistamine capsule . arctor sigh , stop . barris run to the house . luckman and arctor wait in silence . finally : ernie luckman Jim barris do not have allergy . ext . freeway - morning arctor , barris , and luckman drive along . int . arctor be car - morning the car pull to a stop on a residential street . it 's a a cruddy neighborhood . apartment building . graffiti . bob arctor you guy track down Andy and the hot scope . I will pick you up in two hour . jim barris and where be you off to ? bob arctor drop in on a friend . jim barris mysterious Bob arctor . ext . housing project - morning arctor pull into the parking lot , get out of the car . shot of notebook dapple with sunlight kid voice in background . offhand arctor read the entry . bob arctor ( v.o. ) while in Long Beach today I check in on Kim , a addict acquaintance who life with dealer Dan blake . my intention be to get the latest on blake , but also to strand barris and luckman down here long enough for the scanner to be install . 36 . int . tenement hallway - morning arctor knock on a apartment door . shuffle inside . the chain door open slightly . a eye peek out . KIMBERLY yes ? bob arctor it 's I , kimberly . Bob arctor . kimberly unchain the door . she have a black eye and a split lip . her manner be listless . arctor enter the apartment and kimberly close the door behind he . int . kimberly's apartment - continuous arctor look around . the place be a shamble . there 's be a fight . the window be break , there 's glass on the floor . bob arctor be you alone ? KIMBERLY Dan and I have a fight and he split . bob arctor he beat you up ? KIMBERLY thank God he do not have he knife . his case - knife , which he now carry in a sheath on he belt . kimberly drop back into a chair and stare blankly . KIMBERLY ( cont 'd ) why be you here , Bob ? I be bum , I really be . bob arctor do you want he back ? KIMBERLY well ... ( listless shrug ) who know ? arctor look out the window at the street . ( continued ) 37 . continued : bob arctor how long can you go without ? KIMBERLY maybe . maybe . another day . bob arctor can not you get it anywhere else ? y'know the name of Dan 's supplier ? maybe you could deal directly . KIMBERLY I dunno . the sound of loud , irregular car pipe . kimberly stiffen . KIMBERLY ( cont 'd ) be that he ? fuck. Red ' 79 torino ? arctor look out and spot a red torino pull into the lot . bob arctor yeah . a car door slam . kimberly shuffles to the front door and triple lock it . KIMBERLY probably have he case - knife with he . y'know , he keep it in a sheath on he belt now . bob arctor you should call the police . KIMBERLY no phone . bob arctor Kim , he will kill you . kimberly shrug and sit back down , stare blankly , hand clasped in she lap . sound of run upstairs . a knock on the door turn to pound . dan ( o.s. ) open the fuck door ! KIMBERLY ( small voice ) no. I be with someone . ( continued ) 38 . continued : dan ( o.s. ) Fine ! I will slash you tire ! sound of run downstairs . kimberly rise , and she and arctor watch out the window as Dan , a skinny , short - haire effeminate - look guy , appear in the parking lot , crazily wave a knife in the air . dan ( scream up at kimberly ) I will slash you tire , you fuck tire ! and then I will kill you ! Dan begin slashing tire on kimberly 's old dodge . this seem to wake kimberly up . she shriek , run to the door and frantically begin unlock it . KIMBERLY I get to stop he ! I do not have insurance ! arctor grab she , try to hold she back . bob arctor tire be not ... KIMBERLY ( struggle to get free ) my tire ! bob arctor that 's what he want you to do . KIMBERLY downstair . they have a phone ! let I go ! kimberly fight loose of arctor with manic energy . KIMBERLY ( cont 'd ) ( unlock the door ) I be call the police . my tire ! ( out the door ) one of they be new ! int . apartment hallway - continuous kimberly be scramble down the stair . she arrive at a apartment door and pound on it . arctor be right behind she . ( continued ) 39 . continued : KIMBERLY open , please ? please ? I need to call the police . please let I call they . the door open . a old man in tie and sweater stand there . kimberly hurry past he , go for the phone , and dial . bob arctor ( to old man ) thank you . int . old people's apartment - continuous arctor enter , close the door and watch out the peephole . KIMBERLY ( on phone , crazily ) hi , yeah , my boyfriend and I get into a fight because of this cowboy boot which be worth seven dollar . see , I say , they be mine , and he say , no , they be mine ' cause you give they to I as a present . and I say but I buy they . which make they mine . right ? so he grab them and I grab them , and I rip the back of they with this can opener and ... yes , I will hold . arctor glance at the old man , who 's be quietly study he . a old woman in a print dress stand in the dining room doorway . kimberly pace on hold , chew a fingernail . arctor ( to old man ) this must be bad on you . old man it go on all the time , they fight , he say he will kill she . old woman we should have go back to Denver . I tell you that . old man this terrible fight . on and on . smash thing and scream . and what 's worse , every time -- old woman yes , tell he about that . ( continued ) 40 . continued : old man every time we go out , shopping or to mail a letter , we step in ... what dog leave . old woman ( whisper ) Dog doo . int . arctor be car - day arctor drive on the freeway , deep in think . luckman 's next to he . barris be in back grin in he dark shade . bob arctor ( v.o. ) Dog shit . all that misery and that 's what really upset they . arctor chuckle . the car be behind a crawl safeway truck . ernie luckman you ought to pass that truck , man . the humper 's hardly move . arctor come back into focus , pick up speed , pass the truck on the leave . as he ease up on the gas , the pedal fall to the floor . the car shoot forward at great speed . luckman and barris slow down ! arctor be panicked . the speedometer be register eighty - five , ninety , one hundred . arctor reach down , try to fiddle with the gas pedal . the car be rocketing right for a vw van chugge along . barris and luckman throw up they hand . arctor swerve to the leave of the van at the last minute . they pass it , but a fast move corvette have be about to pass in that lane . it honk , its brake screech . luckman and barris ( cont 'd ) ( top of they lung ) what the fuck ?! what be you do ?! luckman grab at the ignition key , and turn it off . arctor shift into neutral , the car begin to slow , and he maneuver it onto the shoulder . the corvette shoot by , lay on it 's horn , continue to do so until it 's long go down the freeway . the three guy just sit in the car , heart pound . the vw van pass and honk its vw horn . ( continued ) 41 . continued : jim barris what the hell happen , Bob ? they all look down at the still - depressed gas pedal . the safeway truck pass and sound its own basso horn . ext . car - day arctor , barris , and luckman be look under the hood . White smoke drift from the oil cap . Water fizzle from the overflow spout of the radiator . ernie luckman the linkage from the pedal to the carb fall apart . bob arctor should not this lock ring hold the nut in place ? jim barris the idle screw have be turn all the way out . so when the linkage parte , the override go up instead of down . ernie luckman could it screw itself all the way out like that accidentally ? jim barris no . a special tool would be need . a couple , in fact . I have the tool to fix this , but back at the house . be barris say he do it ? arctor look over at barris . jim barris ( cont 'd ) so we will have to get to gas station and borrow tool from they . ernie luckman hey , man , do this happen by accident or be it do deliberately ? like the cephscope . jim barris ( still grin ) it 's hard to say . ( glance over at arctor ) you should have cut the ignition as soon as you realize what happen . ( continued ) 42 . continued : bob arctor for a second I could not figure it out . ernie luckman ( spin and lash out with bost fist ) motherfucker ! somebody do this intentionally ! they fuck almost kill we ! barris pull out a snuffbox , removy a few tabs of death , and swallow they . he pass the snuffbox to luckman , who take a few with a shaky hand , then pass the box to arctor . arctor hand it back to barris without take any . bob arctor ( irritably ) maybe this be what 's fuck we up , mess up we brain . jim barris dope can not screw up a carb-idle adjustment , my friend . ( hold box out to arctor ) you would better take at least three of this . they be primo , but mild . bob arctor put the fuck snuffbox away ! barris smile , put it away . arctor try to focus back on the engine . he sway lightheadedly and support himself against the car . the hot sun beat down on the back of he head . Cars whiz by , the traffic noise intensify . he hear sing , quiet at first , but soon overwhelming . it 's awful , discordant . he look at luckman and barris , silhouett against the sun . luckman say something , but arctor can not make it out over the sing and the traffic noise . a awful smell permeate the air . arctor sniff at it . his face contort . he feel nauseate , shut he eye . ernie luckman ( barely audible above sing ) hey , do you smell something , man ? a clue ? some engine smell that -- bob arctor ( eye suddenly wide ) Dog shit ! do you smell dog shit ? ( continued ) 43. continued : ernie luckman ( eyeing arctor ) no . ( to barris ) be there any psychedelics in that dope ? barris smile and shake he head . arctor study the engine , sniff it . bob arctor it 's a illusion , right ? there 's no dog shit smell . how could there be dog shit in the eng ... he spot ugly , dark brown stain around the motorblock . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) ( freak ) Dog shit ! Dog shit ! ( try to focus ) oil. spill oil . thrown oil . that 's all . maybe a leaky head gasket . arctor reach down to touch the dark stain . his hand jerk back in revulsion . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) Dog shit ! fuck ! it be dog shit ! now he look around the engine and see it everywhere : all over the block , on the wire , on the fire wall . he look up , see it smear on the soundproof under the hood . the smell be overwhelming . he lurch away from the car , shut he eye , stagger . luckman grab arctor 's arm . ernie luckman hey , man , you be get a flashback . jim barris ( chuckle ) free theater ticket . luckman guide arctor to the driver 's seat , sit he down . ernie luckman now just take it easy . nobody get kill and now we be warn . it 's okay . it 's okay . everything 's okay . arctor close he eye . 44 . ext . kimberly's apartment build - day kimberly walk , catatonic and terribly bruise . Dan pop up and stab she repeatedly . she fall onto a big wet pile of dog shit . barris appear in a apartment window , wave . jim barris hey , Bob , want a lump of dog shit ? to chew on ? ext . arctor be car - day arctor open he eye fast . barris , look on compassionately , squat next to he outside the car . bob arctor what , Jim ? what would you say ? barris begin to laugh and laugh . ernie luckman ( punch barris on the back ) leave he alone , man . fuck off . bob arctor ( to luckman ) what do barris say just now ? what the hell exactly do he just say ? ernie luckman I do not know , man . I can not figure out half the thing he lay on people . arctor again look at barris . he be smile sweetly . bob arctor you goddamn barris ! I know you do it , screw over the cephscope and now my car ! you kinky freak mother bastard ! the smell of dog shit be become overwhelming again . arctor try not to vomit . his head swim . ernie luckman take it easy , Bob . bob arctor I know it 's he , man . I know . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ernie luckman that do not make any sense . he would have snuffed himself too . barris nod in agreement . he smile again . now there 's dog shit coating barris 's tooth . arctor throw up on the dashboard , rest he head in he hand ernie luckman what be in that tabs you give we ? jim barris Hell , I take some too . and so do you . do not give we a bad trip . besides it be so soon . you stomach can not even absorb -- arctor 's head jerk up to face barris . bob arctor you fucking poisoned I ! barris and luckman look at arctor . ext . arctor be car - afternoon a tow truck be park in front of the car . the three guy be inside , arctor at the wheel , barris and luckman in back . a mechanic close up the hood . int . arctor be car - afternoon the three drive along in silence . arctor be pale , but seem back in control . ernie luckman I wonder what 's be go on back at the house . arctor glance at luckman in the rearview mirror . ernie luckman ( cont 'd ) you know , this prove , Bob , that somebody be out to burn you real bad . I just hope the house be still there when we get back . bob arctor yeah , I hope . ( continued ) 46 . continued : jim barris oh , I would not worry too much about that , gent . ernie luckman Christ , barris , they may have rip off everything we get , or stomp all we animal , or -- jim barris but I leave a little surprise for anyone enter the house . a electronic surprise , if you will . arctor shift he glance in the rearview mirror to barris . bob arctor what kind of surprise ? it 's my house , Jim , you can not start rigging up -- jim barris easy . be cool . bob arctor well , what be it ? jim barris if the front door be open , my tape recorder start recording . bob arctor you should have tell I . ernie luckman what if they come in the window or through the back door ? jim barris to increase the chance of they make they entry via the front door , I providentially leave it unlock . they drive in silence . bob arctor well , they be not go to expect it to be unlock , so they will go in the window . jim barris but I put a note on the front door . ( continued ) 47 . continued : bob arctor you be jiving I . jim barris yes . ernie luckman be you fuck jiving we or not ? I can not tell with you , man . be he jiving we or not , Bob ? bob arctor we will see when we get back . if there 's a note on the door and it 's unlock , we will know he 's not jiving we . more silence . ernie luckman but they would probably take the note down and lock the door after vandalize and robbing we . so we will never know . it 's that gray area again . damn it ! jim barris of course I be kid , guy ! only a psychotic would leave the front door open with a note on it . silence . bob arctor so what do you write on the note , Jim ? jim barris I write : " donna , come on in , the door 's unlock . we ... " the note 's to donna . ernie luckman he do do that . he really do it . jim barris this way , we will know who 's be mess with we , Bob . and that be of prime importance . ext . bob arctor' house - afternoon the car pull up to the house . the three guy get out . a piece of paper be tack to the door . it read : " donna come on inside ; door 's unlock . we have go to Long Beach for the day to purchase a steal cephscope . " ( continued ) 48 . continued : bob arctor Jesus , barris . arctor turn the knob . it 's unlock . he look at barris and shake he head . barris grin , shrug . they enter . int . bob arctor' live room - continuous barris study the room . jim barris interesting . everything be exactly as we leave it . they be very clever . barris pull he .22 from the top of the bookshelf . the animal appear , clamoring to be feed . ernie luckman well , barris , I can see you be right . there be definitely someone here . you see , the scrupulous cover - over of all sign they otherwise would have leave testify to they -- ( fart , head into kitchen ) barris , you be one paranoid fuck . barris continue to search the room , gun draw . arctor watch he intently , try to appear uninterested . shot of notebook dapple with sunlight kid voice . we scan across the follow entry . bob arctor ( v.o. ) strange how , now and then , paranoia can link up with reality . a hand turn the page . int . arctor' live room - continuous barris study a full ashtray on the coffee table . jim barris look at this ! arctor and luckman , who have emerge from the kitchen with a beer , approach the ashtray . luckman hold he hand over it . ernie luckman a still - hot butt . it sure be . ( continued ) 49 . continued : arctor massage the bridge of he nose . then , try he best to play dumb : bob arctor my God , who be here ? ernie luckman wait , this be what 's hot . ( reach into ashtray , pull out roach ) they light a joint . ( look around ) but what would they do ? what the fuck do they do ? jim barris that roach may not be a slip-up . maybe they be here specifically to plant dope , then phone in a tip later . maybe there 's dope plant all over this house . we be go to have to go through and get this place clean . ernie luckman I will check the wall socket . you take apart the tv and stereo . luckman grab a screwdriver . barris raise he head sagely . jim barris wait . if they see we scramble around before the raid -- bob arctor what raid ? jim barris -- then we can not allege , even though it 's true , that we do not know the dope be there . maybe that , too , be part of they ingenious plan . luckman throw down the screwdriver as if it 's red hot . ernie luckman we be fuck ! we can not do anything ! bob arctor do you forget about the recorder , Jim ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : jim barris oh yes . the tape should be extremely informational at this point . ( pull it from under couch ) well , it probably would not ultimately have prove that important . bob arctor forget to turn it on , do you ? jim barris no . the first thing they do upon enter be switch it to " off " . ernie luckman it 's off ? fuck ! that fucker . jim barris they make they move swiftly , before so much as a inch of tape pasesd through the recording head . ernie luckman now what ? now what the fuck do we do ? jim barris you know , Bob , there be one thing you could do , although it would take time . bob arctor sell the house ? barris nod gravely . ernie luckman do anybody know a good realtor ? jim barris I have get a acquaintance in the field . barris and luckman look at arctor . ernie luckman we should probably act fast , man . jim barris we do not know how fast they be gonna swoop down on we . arctor study barris and luckman , they anxious eye bore into he . he sway , get confuse , begin to buy barris 's scenario . ( continued ) 51 . continued : bob arctor what reason should we give for sell ? ernie luckman yeah , we can not tell the truth . we need a shuck . barris , what 's a good shuck ? bob arctor we will just flat out say there 's narcotic plant all over the place and since we do not know where , we decide to move out and let the new owner get bust instead of we . jim barris no . I do not think we can afford to be that up front . Bob , you say you get a job transfer . ernie luckman where to , though ? where the fuck to ? jim barris Cleveland . bob arctor I say we tell they the truth . in fact , we can put a ad in the Times : " modern , three bedroom tract house , two bathroom for easy flush , with high grade dope stashed in all room . " it 's a sell point . ernie luckman but they would be call ask what kind of dope , and we do not know . man ! jim barris or how much . prospective buyer might inquire about the quantity . bob arctor ( slump back on the couch ) they appear to have we . ernie luckman Christ , this be awful ! donna appear from one of the bedroom , rumple and sleepy . ( continued ) 52 . continued : donna hawthorne hey , I come in , like the note say . I wait for you for awhile , then I crash . why be you guy yell ? the three guy look at each other . bob arctor do you smoke a joint ? before you crash ? donna hawthorne of course . otherwise I can not sleep . you should not leave you place unlock like that . you could get rip off and it would be you own fault . that 's the main reason I come in when I see the note . somebody ought to be here if the place be unlock with a note on it . bob arctor how long have you be here ? ernie luckman well , you could have take down the note , lock the door , and leave . donna look at luckman , try to figure out what he just say , then back to arctor . donna hawthorne approximately thirty - eight minute . hey , Bob , I get that wolf book , if you want to see it . it 's get a lot of heavy shit in it . barris fall back into a ratty easy chair . jim barris life be only heavy and none else ; heavy that lead to the grave . for everyone and everything . donna hawthorne do you say you be sell the house ? or be that I dream ? bob arctor shit , I hope it be you dream . 53. int . hank's office - morning scramble -suite hank be unrol a floor plan label " arctor 's House " in front of scramble - suite Fred . hank here be the location of the eight scanner . we transmit to a safe house down the block from arctor 's . fred that 's where I do playback ? hank yeah . and we use also use it for playback on five other house . so you will be bump into other undercover people . always wear you scramble suit . fred Fine . hank make note of the scanner location . if they need service , you can take care of it while you be at arctor 's . as long as nobody 's around . fred I will have to edit myself out , so you will not see who 's fix the scanner . hank right . although we assume you be barris , or luckman , or freck , or arctor or donna hawthorne -- fred ( computerize chuckle ) donna ? hank so do not edit yourself from all tape , or we will deduce who you be by process of elimination . leave yourself in in place . be creative . have fun . fred okay . ( continued ) 54 . continued : hank this will help greatly in determine what the hell arctor 's up to . fred we do not know he 's up to anything . hank we have get more recent information . there be no doubt any longer : arctor 's a phony , a three dollar bill . so keep on he until we have enough to arrest he and make it stick . fred you think he 's high up in death distribution ? hank what we think be not of any importance to you . you report ; we evaluate . fred well , arctor be doom if he 's up to anything . and I have a hunch from what you say that he be . hank we should have a case on he soon . then we can seize he house . I think you would like it . it 's rundown and dirty , but it 's big . Nice yard . the installation crew report it have excellent possibility . fred for what ? hank well , the live room give a view of the intersection , so pass vehicle could be graph and ... but burt what 's -his -face , who head the crew , feel that it would be allow to deteriorate so badly that -- fred deteriorate in what way ? hank the roof . ( continued ) 55 . continued : fred the roof 's perfect . hank Interior and exterior paint . the condition of the floor . fred bullshit . it 's all fine . hank then you recommend we acquire it after arctor 's arrest and lose title ? Fred just stare at hank , who hold he pen at the ready . fred I have no opinion . Fred rise to leave . hank you be not split yet . you have to report to room 203 . fred hank , if this be about the lion 's Club speech , I have already explain -- hank this be something different . int . room 203 - morning the room be all white , with steel fixture , steel chair , and a steel desk . Fred be be interview by two sheriff 's deputy in full uniform with medical stripe . medical technician # 1 you be Officer Fred ? fred yes . medical technician # 1 and you take substance D ? Fred be about to respond . medical technician # 2 the question be moot , because it be take for grant that in you work you be require to . ( continued ) 56 . continued : medical technician # 1 so do not answer . not that it 's incriminate , but it 's simply moot . fred look , about the lion 's Club -- medical technician # 1 what this testing session be about stem from a departmental survey show that several undercover agent have be admit to neural aphasia clinic in the last month . medical technician # 2 you be aware that substance D be highly addictive , be you not ? medical technician # 1 do not answer that . fred you think I be a addict ? medical technician # 1 whether or whether not you be a addict be not a prime issue , as a block agent be expect from the Army Chemical warfare division within the next five year . what this test pertain to be -- medical technician # 2 let 's begin with the set-ground test . shall we ? Medical technician # 1 hold up a card with a geometric diagram print on it . medical technician # 1 within this apparently meaningless line be a familiar object that we all would recognize . you be to tell I what the object be and ... Fred study the diagram search for some recognizable shape . there be nothing discernible in the diagram . medical technician # 1 ( cont 'd ) ... point to it . ( continued ) 57 . continued : medical technician # 2 in many of that take substance D , a split between the right hemisphere and the leave hemisphere occur . there be a loss of proper gestalt , which be a defect within both the percept and the cognitive system . Fred continue to study the diagram . medical technician # 1 can you see the form here , Fred ? we need a answer . there be a time limit . fred ( hesitantly ) I see a Coke bottle , I guess . the two technician exchange glance . medical technician # 1 a soda pop bottle be correct . Medical technician # 1 put down the card and make a note on he clipboard . he hold up another card . fred be this about the lion 's Club speech ? medical technician # 2 be you get cross -chatter , Fred ? fred get what ? medical technician # 1 between the hemisphere . Cross - chatter . medical technician # 2 if there 's damage to the leave hemisphere , where the linguistic skill be normally locate , then sometimes the right hemisphere will fill in . medical technician # 1 to the best of its limited ability . fred I do not think I be get that . ( continued ) 58 . continued : medical technician # 2 thought not you own , perhaps ? medical technician # 1 as if another person be think ? medical technician # 2 foreign word you do not understand ? medical technician # 1 you will keep you eye open for anything like this , will not you ? fred okay . medical technician # 1 good . now what do you see here ? fred a sheep . medical technician # 1 show we the sheep , Fred . Fred point . medical technician # 2 a impairment in set-background discrimination get you into a heap of trouble -- instead of no form , you actually perceive faulty form . medical technician # 1 form that be not there . medical technician # 2 like dog shit , for example . fred I be sorry , what do you say ? medical technician # 2 I be sorry , Fred , what ? fred nothing . I be guess it 's not a sheep . but be I close at least ? medical technician # 1 this be not a rorshach , Fred . there be only one right answer . in this case it 's a dog . ( continued ) 59 . continued : fred it 's what ? what do you say it be ? medical technician # 1 it 's a dog . fred oh. how can you tell ? the technician turn over the card , show the isolate outline of a greyhound on the other side . fred ( cont 'd ) okay . I see it now . what do it mean that I see a sheep ? do it mean that I be crazy ? medical technician # 2 crazy be not a psychiatric diagnosis , Fred . int . charle freck car - day freck drive along in great spirit . he giggle and plot . charle freck okay okay okay . so I go to barris , " hey , barris , I buy a methedrine plant today , " and he go ... ( childish barris impersonation ) " methedrine be a benny , like speed , la la la . it 's make synthetically in a lab la la la . it be not organic like pot . there 's no such thing as a methedrine plant , like there be a pot plant . " then I go ... ( big punchline ) " I mean I inherite forty thousand dollar from a uncle and purchase a plant in this guy 's garage where he make meth . it 's a factory . Plant in that sense ... ' okay okay , I do not have the phrasing exactly yet , but when I lay this on barris , man , I be go to get he so good . ext . bob arctor' house - day arctor and barris , in greasy clothes , be in the driveway work on arctor 's car . freck pull up , get out of he car and approach . ( continued ) 60 . continued : charle freck hey , Jim , I buy a meth plant today . jim barris how big ? charle freck what do you mean ? jim barris how big a plant ? charle freck ( confuse as to how to proceed ) um , well ... like , what do you mean ? bob arctor how much you pay , freck ? charle freck uh , about ten buck . bob arctor Jim could have get it for you cheaper . jim barris they be practically give meth plant away . charle freck this be a whole fuck garage ! a factory ! it turn out a million pill a day ! jim barris ( grin ) all that for ten buck ? bob arctor where 's it locate , freck ? charle freck not around here . hey , fuck it , you guy . freck lean against the house and pull out a cigarette . bob arctor ( to barris ) what about the carb ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : jim barris bent choke shaft . the whole carb need to be rebuilt . bob arctor why be it bent ? barris shrug . luckman emerge from the house . ernie luckman I phone and they be check to see what a rebuilt carb will set you back . hey , freck . charle freck ( pissy ) hey . bob arctor ( to luckman ) freck buy a meth plant today . ernie luckman cool . how big ? charle freck fuck off . jim barris ( to arctor ) you could put a four barrel on instead of a two , while you be at it . ernie luckman it would idle too high . and it would not upshift . jim barris the idling jet could be replace with smaller jet . and he could watch he rpm with a tach . usually just back off the gas pedal cause it to upshift if the automatic linkage do not do it . ernie luckman if he tromped down heavy on the step - down pass gear to get a lot of torque suddenly on the freeway , it would downshift and rev up so high it would blow the whole engine . ( continued ) 62 . continued : jim barris the tach needle would jump and he would back off . ernie luckman while pass a big semi ? he would have to blow the engine up or he would never get around what he be try to pass . jim barris momentum would carry he past . ernie luckman what about uphill ? jim barris what do this car weigh , Bob ? bob arctor about a thousand pound . freck , who have be watch this exchange , catch arctor wink at luckman . jim barris well , you be right then . it would not have much interia mass . ( calculate on a pad ) a thousand pound travel eighty mile a hour -- bob arctor that 's a thousand pound with passenger , a full tank of gas , and a carton of brick in the trunk . ernie luckman how many passenger , Bob ? bob arctor twelve . ernie luckman that 's six in the back and six -- bob arctor no. eleven in the back and the driver alone up front . the extra weight be in the back so it do not fishtail . ( continued ) 63. continued : jim barris this car fishtail ? bob arctor unless you get eleven people in back . jim barris be better , then , to have two three hundred pound bag of sand in the trunk . then the passenger could be distribute more comfortably . ernie luckman what about one six hundred pound bag of gold , Jim ? jim barris if you bastard would not rappity - rap on like a bunch of speed freak , I could complete my computation and tell you how this car with its weight would handle a four barrel carb . so shut the fuck up , you asshole ! luckman stare at barris , pull a book from he back pocket . ernie luckman I be go to read to you now , barris . ( read ) " he to whom it be give to see Christ more real than any other reality ... jim barris what ? as luckman read , he walk menacingly toward barris , who back away . ernie luckman " ... than any other reality in the World , Christ everywhere present and everywhere grow more great , Christ the final determination and plasmatic principle of the Universe -- " bob arctor what be that , luckman ? ernie luckman teilhard de chardin . " ... that man indeed life in a zone where no multiplicity can distress he and which be nevertheless the most active workshop of universal fulfillment . " ( continued ) 64 . continued : luckman close the book . he have back barris against the wall of the house . freck try to get in between they . charle freck cool it , you guy . ernie luckman out of the way , freck . I be go to coldcock barris into tomorrow for talk to he better like that . luckman bring back he arm to punch barris . barris bleat in terror and run crazily for the house . jim barris I hear the phone ringing about the carb . I will get it . they watch he go . ernie luckman I be just kid . charle freck what if he come back with he gun and silencer ? arctor and luckman look dismissively at freck , and go back under the hood of the car . freck stand nervously by he car , shifting from foot to foot , ready for a quick getaway . charle freck ( cont 'd ) look , I be split . ernie luckman naw , stay , man , you be a brother . charle freck naw , I be cut out . barris emerge tentatively from the house , carry a hammer . jim barris it be a wrong number , man . ernie luckman hey , what 's the hammer for , Jimmy - Boy ? bob arctor to fix the engine . what else ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : jim barris think I would bring it with I , since I be indoors and notice it . freck watch this exchange . he anxiously climb in he car . charle freck I be gonna split . I will see you guy . bob arctor the most dangerous kind of person be one who 's afraid of he own shadow . freck 's eye widen at this statement . he drive off . int . freck car - continuous freck drive along , sweat . charle freck do Bob mean I afraid of my own shadow ? but that be turn into a super-bummer . where 's the chicken into not want to be around that ? everything 's change , man . use to be cool to hang out . now its totally dark . Frank slip in he 8 - track of Janis joplin sing " all be loneliness . " he cry as he drive . ext . jerry fabin' house - day the furniture have be remove from the lawn . freck pull into the driveway and head to the house . he knock on the door , wait , sniffle . he knock again . charle freck Jerry ! Jerry ! let I in , man , I be truly bum ! I wanna talk ! a couple of hippie on the stoop next door watch freck . head # 1 hey , Jerry 's go . freck look over blankly at the hippy . then it register . charle freck fuck ! I can not believe I forget Jerry 's dead . what be wrong with I ? ( continued ) 66 . continued : head # 1 he 's not dead , man . he 's in the number Three Federal Clinic . freck let this register . he start to cry again . charle freck fuck , I can not believe I forget Jerry 's not dead . what be wrong with I ? freck hurry to he car , speed down the street . int . arctor' live room - evening arctor , luckman , and barris lounge around , stone . arctor seem relaxed , recline on the couch and glance discreetly at the hide holo-scanner . ernie luckman you seem mellow , Bob . have to spend a hundred buck on a new carb would not make I mellow . bob arctor I will cruise the street until I come across a old , then unbolt the carb . like everyone else I know . jim barris especially donna . that chick steal everything she can carry . ernie luckman I will tell you a donna story . one day she put a quarter in a stamp machine and it keep spitting out stamp , till she have like eighteen thousand stamp . jim barris at what individual price per stamp ? ernie luckman Fifteen cent per individual stamp . jim barris that 's twenty - seven hundred dollar , if my arithmetic be correct . ernie luckman and so what 's donna gonna do with so many stamp ? she can barely write ... ( continued ) 67 . continued : arctor smile as he watch luckman and barris . they chatter continue , but go under as we hear arctor 's v.o. bob arctor ( v.o. ) the scanner will have mile of this trip - out garbage . but it 's not the stuff that happen while I be here that matter . it 's what go on while I be go . so I will split . then I will see what this three clown be up to . we again focus on luckman and barris 's conversation . ernie luckman so she rip off the whole stamp machine and remount it , like , somewhere where the postal authority would not spot it and ... back to arctor , as he expression shift to anxious . bob arctor ( v.o. ) what if I see some awful truth about the people I care about on this tape ? what if I see donna climb in the window and rip I off , or destroy my stuff ? or some weird , nightmarish world beyond the mirror ... int . arctor' house - night the live room have a monochromatic , dream - like quality to it . suddenly donna crawl in on all four . there be a non - human blankness to she face . she stick she head into the dog 's bowl and eat greedily , make slurping noise . int . arctor' live room - night arctor lurch out of he fantasy , freak out . luckman and barris do not notice . they be still jabber away . jim barris you realize we tax be raise by she steal that stamp ? it 's one thing to steal auto part , but when you steal from uncle Sam -- bob arctor I be go out to score some bean . luckman , be you falcon run ? ( continued ) 68 . continued : ernie luckman ( beat , lie ) no . I do not think so . bob arctor barris ? jim barris I wonder , Bob , if you can handle my car ? by that mean there be -- ernie luckman fuck , barris . it 's a ordinary six cylinder . the parking lot jockey park it all the time , for God 's sake . jim barris there be certain secret device which have be incorporate -- bob arctor I will walk . jim barris it 's just that it have certain secret -- bob arctor forget it . if I try to drive you car , I would press the wrong button and float up over the great L.A. area . jim barris I be glad you appreciate my position . arctor exit . ernie luckman you be fuck , barris . you know that ? int . safe house - night Fred sit in a cubicle and stare at a holo-monitor on it barris wind a string around the bowl of a hash pipe while luckman watch tv and stuff he face from a tv dinner . we hear other tape be play in other cubicle : stone conversation ; scream ; high -pitch fast - forward squeal . another scramble suit walk by Fred 's cubicle and glance at the monitor . scramble suit # 1 you be allow to fast forward through the dull stuff , y'know . ( continued ) 69 . continued : fred would if I could , but this be live . scramble suit # 1 ( after a moment , chuckle ) you call that live ? Fred chuckle perfunctorily . scramble suit # 1 leave . Fred continue to watch . ernie luckman ( mouth full of food ) Fucking mcdonaldburger commercial . suddenly luckman gag , jump to he foot , turn to barris , signal wildly . he stagger around , choke . barris watch he blankly . luckman lurch to the kitchen . fred Jesus fuck ! barris ! we see luckman on the kitchen holo -scanner knock thing over , grab a glass from the counter and try to fill it with water . on the live room monitor , barris camly continue to wrap string around he hash pipe . fred ( cont 'd ) ( leaping to he foot ) barris ?! barris !! luckman give up on the water and begin hurl pot and plate at the kitchen wall try to attract barris 's attention . barris , in the live room , do not respond . all at once , luckman fall to the kitchen floor unconscious . in the live room , barris smile a little smile . Fred watch , paralyze . barris casually rise and stroll into the kitchen . he study luckman spread out on the floor . he look at the dish and pot scattered about . then , suddenly , he rip off he sunglass in a faux panic , work himself up for the frantic 911 phone call . his eye widen in horror , he flap he arm helplessly , run back and forth until he start to pant , then dial the phone . jim barris Operator , I need , I be not sure , be it call the inhalator squad or the resuscitation squad ? operator be someone unable to breathe , sir ? ( continued ) 70 . continued : jim barris it be , I believe , cardiac arrest . either that or involuntary aspiration of a bolus within the -- operator what be the address , sir ? jim barris the address , the address . let 's see ... fred Christ ! just -- luckman heave violently on the floor . he thrashes around , throw up the material in he throat , and open he eye . jim barris uh , thank you . no assistance be need after all . good morrow . barris hang up . jim barris ( cont 'd ) you okay , Ernst ? ernie luckman I must have gag . do I pass out ? jim barris not exactly . you do go into a alter state of consciousness for a few second . probably a alpha state . ernie luckman fuck . I shit myself . luckman stand , unsteadily . Fred relax , sit back down at he console . luckman splashes himself with tap water . ernie luckman ( cont 'd ) what be you do while I be lie there , jack off ? jim barris you see I on the phone , summoning the paramedics . I move into action immedi -- ernie luckman ball . 71 . ext . STREET - night arctor walk home , deep in think . a mg speed by , make a screeching u-turn , pull up beside arctor , honk it 's horn . arctor squint inside . it 's donna . he open the passenger door , get in . int . donna' car - continuous donna hawthorne do I scare you ? heh heh . bob arctor I just do a freaky number , not like a fantasy trip , but ... so I be kinda -- donna hawthorne I have you stuff . bob arctor my stuff ? donna hawthorne you death . donna screech off too fast , weave , tailgate a Coke truck . bob arctor Fucking barris . you know how he kill you ? he do not . he wait until a situation arise where you die , and he just sit there . in fact he set you up to die . I do not know how exactl -- donna hawthorne do you have the money ? bob arctor what ? donna hawthorne I need the money right now . bob arctor sure . yeah . donna hawthorne I do not like barris , and I do not trust he . he 's crazy . and you be crazy when you be around he . you be crazy right now . ( continued ) 72 . continued : bob arctor I be ? donna hawthorne yeah . bob arctor donna , I know I can count on you to tell I if I be get weird or crazy or like that . okay ? donna hawthorne hey , you wanna take I to a concert at Anaheim Stadium next weekend ? bob arctor right on . yeah . that sound -- donna hawthorne I be gonna bring some really oily hash and get really load . but you have to wear something neat , not that funky clothes you sometimes wear . bob arctor I will wear whatever you say . donna hawthorne I be take we to my place . and you do have the money and you will give it to I . then we will drop a few of the tabs and kick back . maybe you could buy a fifth of Southern Comfort and we could get bomb as well . bob arctor oh , wow . that sound good . donna hawthorne you know what would be cool tonight , be to go to the torrance drive - in . they be show all eleven Planet of the ape movie . from 7:30 to 8:00 tomorrow morning . bob arctor can a drive - in show movie in the morning ? donna hawthorne I have not see all the ape movie in year . and the last one for longer than that , the one where they reveal ( more ) ( continued ) 73. continued : donna hawthorne ( cont would ) all the famous guy in history , like nero and lincoln , be secretly ape ... int . donna' apartment - night it 's dark . the door unlock , light from the hall spill in . donna enter , flip on the light . there 's a trail of newspaper on the floor . donna hawthorne stay on the newspaper . I just have the rug shampoo . arctor enter and stand on a square of newspaper . he look around . the place be cluttere with pile of stuff bob arctor do you ever throw anything away ? donna hawthorne someday I be gonna get marry and I be go to need all this stuff . when you get marry , you need everything there be . donna slip out of she leather jacket , toss it on a pile of jacket , and pad into the kitchen . arctor follow she , tiptoeing along the paper . bob arctor how much of what you have get do you buy and how much do you steal ? int . donna' kitchen - continuous donna hawthorne buy ? what do you mean " buy " ? donna open a cabinet , reach in back , pull out several plastic bag of pill . she lay they on the counter , open a drawer , pull out a pipe and some hash , sit at the table and fill the pipe . arctor lay money on the table . bob arctor like when you buy dope . like a dope deal . when I mean by " buy " be a extension into the great world of business transaction of what we have present now , with we , as dope deal . ( continued ) 74 . continued : donna hawthorne I think I see what you be say . bob arctor like when you rip off that coca-cola truck you tailgate . that 's steal . donna hawthorne no . it 's a form of barter . bob arctor donna , look , you be gonna get catch , and if you get drug in you car when they catch you , there 's nothing I can do to protect you then . donna hawthorne you protect I ? what be you talk about ? bob arctor nothing . I just ... please take care . donna light the pipe . donna hawthorne the coca - cola company be a capitalist monopoly . no one else can make it but they . that 's fuck wrong . ( beat ) c'mere , I will supercharge you . arctor sit down at the table . bob arctor okay , cool . donna walk over to he , puffing the hash pipe to keep it alive . she bend over he and arctor open he mouth . she exhales long and forcefully into he mouth . this be as close as this two get to sex . arctor 's eye go soft as he look up at donna . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) I love you , donna . donna look down at he . donna hawthorne yeah , I can dig it , you be in love with I . ( continued ) 75 . continued : donna grin , sit down and take a hit from the pipe . dissolve to : int . donna' live room - a bit later donna and arctor be stone on the couch in the dim room . bob arctor hey , donna , man , do you like cat ? donna hawthorne dripping little thing . move along about a foot above the ground . bob arctor no . on the ground . donna hawthorne drippy . behind furniture . bob arctor Little spring flower , then ? donna hawthorne yes . Little spring flower . with yellow in they . that first come up . bob arctor before . before anyone . donna hawthorne yes . before anyone stomp on they and they be go . arctor 's eye get wet . bob arctor yeah . you know I exactly , donna . you can read I . no one know I but you . donna draw on the pipe , but it 's out . donna hawthorne no more . her smile disappear . bob arctor what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : donna hawthorne nothing . bob arctor donna , can I put my arm around you . I want to hold you , okay ? donna 's stone eye suddenly widen . donna hawthorne no , you be too ugly . bob arctor what ? donna hawthorne no ! look , I snort a lot of coke ; I have to be super careful because I snort a lot of coke . bob arctor Ugly ? fuck you , donna . donna hawthorne just leave my body alone . bob arctor ( put on he shoe ) sure . yeah . you better believe it . arctor rise , disappear into the kitchen . donna hawthorne ( call after ) I do not like people to grope my body ! ( talk to herself ) I have to watch out for that because I do so much coke . someday I be gonna go over the canadian border with four pound of coke in my snatch . I will say I be a Catholic and a virgin . arctor pass through the room with he bag of death . bob arctor I be take off . he head for the door . donna try to rise , confuse and half asleep . ( continued ) 77 . continued : donna hawthorne you do not have you car . I will drive you , man . ( look for she shoe ) but you can see why I have to protect my snatch -- bob arctor you be too stone to drive and you never let anyone else drive that little roller skate of yours . she jerk upright and glare wildly at he . donna hawthorne ( yell ) that 's because no one else can fuck drive my car ! nobody else ever get it right , no man especially ! driving or anything else ! listen , you have you hand down into my -- arctor be out the door . ext . STREET - night arctor hurry through the darkness . donna pants behind he , try to catch up . she do . arctor keep walk . donna hawthorne I be dreadfully sorry I hurt you feeling . okay ? I be out of it . bob arctor ( mutter ) too ugly . donna hawthorne sometimes I get really space . you wanna come back ? or what ? you wanna go to the drive - in ? what about the Southern Comfort ? c'mon , I be sorry . arctor stop , stare off for a while . donna watch , wait . bob arctor okay . they turn and head back to the house . ( continued ) 78 . continued : donna hawthorne that sure be good hash though , huh ? they walk in silence . donna hawthorne you know what I be go to do someday , Bob ? I be go to move north to Oregon and live in the snow . have a little house and a vegetable garden . bob arctor you will have to save up for that . donna hawthorne ( glance up shyly ) he will get I that . what 's-his -name . bob arctor who ? donna hawthorne ( share a secret ) Mr. right . he will drive a aston - Martin and take I north in it . and that 's where the little old fashioned house will be in the snow . bob arctor you sure this will happen ? donna hawthorne it 's in the card . a heaviness descend upon arctor . he stop . donna stop . bob arctor hey , man , can I go with you ? to Oregon ? when you do take off finally ? donna smile up at arctor . she gently shake she head " no . " he study she . her answer will never change . he shiver . donna take arctor 's hand , squeeze it , hold it . her touch fill he . after a moment , donna let she hand drop . int . arctor' bedroom - night arctor enter the dimly light bedroom follow by connie , a skinny girl with hollow eye and a flat affect . he sift through he dresser drawer as she hover behind he . finally he pull out a baggie with some pill in it . throughout , we hear stone conversation come from another room . ( continued ) 79 . continued : bob arctor here you go . connie thanks , man . connie stuff the baggie into she purse . she sit on the bed and begin to unceremoniously undress . when she blouse come off , we see needle track and bruise on she arm . she pull a comb from she purse and listlessly comb she lank hair . she drop the hand hold the comb and begin to nod . arctor look at the track , at the pimple on she cheek . connie wake up , sort of , and start comb again . connie ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) do you have a toothbrush I can use . aw screw it -- tooth be tooth . I will brush them . you gotta ... connie drone on , but she voice have become so quiet it can not be hear . arctor watch she lip work soundlessly . finally she voice become audible again . connie ( cont 'd ) who be that guy rattling on and on out there ? jabber-jaw . they live here with you , I guess . bob arctor two of they do . connie fix she dead eye on arctor . connie you be queer ? bob arctor I try not to be . that 's why I have arrange this transaction with you . connie yes , I suppose I be about to find out . connie remove she bra and she skirt . int . arctor' bedroom - later the light be off . the off -screen conversation have stop . instead we hear static from a sign - off tv station . arctor be in bed with connie . both be naked and partially under cover . connie lie rigidly on she back , arm straight down by she side . she snore . arctor move in and out of ( continued ) 80 . continued : consciousness . he open he eye , groggily orient himself , glance over at the woman next to he . it 's donna . he bolt upright , study she face . it 's still donna . he fumble for the switch on the night table lamp and knock it to the floor . the woman next to he sleep on . he watch she face . gradually it begin to turn back into connie . arctor drop onto he back and look at the ceiling . int . safe house - day Fred sit in he cubicle monitoring the scanner . on one scanner barris sit in the live room read a book about mushroom . after a moment , he lay the book face down on the coffee table and leave the house . Fred watch the empty live room . he press the fast forward button . the sunlight come in through the live room window shift as the day speed by . the live room door open . Fred slow the tape to normal speed . barris be back at the couch with a brown bag . he dump several mushroom onto the table , compare they with illustration in the book . finally , he put one aside , throw the rest in the bag , crumble the mushroom , and fill capsule . he dial the phone . a LED on Fred 's console indicate the phone number dial . telephone voice yeah ? jim barris this be Jim . telephone voice who ? jim barris with the beard . Green shade . leather pants . I meet you at that happen at -- telephone voice oh , right . yeah . that guy . Jim . jim barris say , have I score . psylocybe Mexicana . a rare hallucinogenic mushroom use in South american mystery cult thousand of year ago . you fly , become invisible , understand the speech of animal -- telephone voice truly ? how much ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : two other scramble suit walk by Fred 's console . jim barris five dollar a cap . scramble suit # 1 what 's he peddle ? fred mushroom he seem to have pick locally . scramble suit # 2 certain amanita mushroom contain toxin that act as red blood cell crack agent . it take two week to die , it 's incalculably painful , and there 's no antidote . fred what 's the statute violation ? scramble suit # 1 misrepresentation in advertising . both scramble suit laugh they computer laugh and disappear . Fred go back to the monitor . the front door open and Bob arctor enter dejectedly . fred hi , bob. bob arctor ( to barris ) hi. jim barris how would you make out with little miss Big tit ? barris chuckle . fred fuck off , barris . bob arctor fuck off , barris . arctor pass out of range of the scanner . after a moment , he reappear on the scanner inside he bedroom . he shut the door , remove the bag of tabs he score from donna , look around the room , then settles on stuff the bag in the back of he dresser drawer . he head out of the bedroom ( continued ) 82. continued : and reappear on the live room monitor . he walk past barris . barris trail he casually jim barris Bob , I be sorry if I offended you . both disappear from the live room monitor and reappear on the kitchen monitor . arctor fill the coffee pot with water . bob arctor where 's luckman ? jim barris he leave with you jack , so I assume he 's off to knock over pay phone . bob arctor my axle jack ? jim barris y'know , I have a sure fire way you could get into the pants of Little miss Big tit . for under one dollar . Fred fast forward the tape . he stop . barris and arctor be now on the live room monitor . arctor be fume . bob arctor either you pay up you back rent or get to work fix my godamn cephscope ! jim barris yes . about that , Bob . I have already order resistor -- Fred fast - forward again . now barris be on the live room monitor read about mushroom and arctor be on the monitor in he bedroom , write in he notebook . the phone ring on the live room monitor . barris pick up . jim barris ( cont 'd ) yeah ? telephone voice # 3 Mr. arctor ? jim barris yes , this be Robert arctor . Inside the Fred scramble suit we see arctor 's eye widen . ( continued ) 83. continued : telephone voice # 3 I be sorry to bother you , Mr. arctor , but you check do not clear . jim barris oh , yes , I have be meaning to call you , but I have have a severe bout of intestinal flu , with loss of body heat , pyloric spasm , cramp ... in the monitor in he bedroom , arctor continue to write in he notebook , unaware . in he scramble suit at the console , Bob arctor , be freak out , and write in the same notebook . bob arctor ( v.o. ) barris portray arctor as come off heroin . jim barris I just have not be able to get it together to make that little twenty dollar check good , and frankly I do not intend to make it good . bob arctor ( in scramble suit ) what ? telephone voice # 3 what ? jim barris you hear I correctly . telephone voice # 3 Mr. arctor , that flu symptom you describe ... I think you be a -- jim barris think what you want . turn out , tune out , and good - bye . barris hang up . Fred check the LED , pick up he phone . fred get I a name and address on this . operator englesohn locksmith , 1343 Harbor in Anaheim , loverboy . Fred hang up . we move inside the suit to arctor 's troubled face . he write in he notebook . the v.o. be disturb . ( continued ) 84 . continued : bob arctor ( v.o. ) barris up to something : pretend to be I ... write rubber check on my account ... represent I as a heroin addict . but what be he up to ? int . safe house - a few minute later Fred pace . he pass a wall mirror , glance at he vague face . he move closer to the mirror , study himself . fred arctor must have burn barris pretty bad to deserve this display of malice . scramble suit # 1 approach Fred . scramble suit # 1 I be think , do you actually know this loser ? be you in among they ? fred yeah . I be there . scramble suit # 1 you might want to warn they about the mushroom . can you pass it on to they without fault you cover ? fred I suppose I can lay it on that one . ( indicate arctor ) without he flash on I . he 's docile . scramble suit # 1 ugly-look , too . scramble suit # 1 laugh . Fred join in wholeheartedly . int . safe house - later Fred watch the monitor . arctor 's house be quiet . barris and luckman doze in the live room , the television tune to static . on another monitor , arctor be sleep in he bed with a woman . after a beat Fred notice the woman be donna . we move in close to Fred 's ever- change eye . fred that can not be right . arctor have never do it with donna . have he ? ( continued ) 85 . continued : Fred fast - rewind the tape , switch it to play . arctor be in bed have sex with connie . Fred sigh a computerize sigh of relief and fast - forward the tape . arctor be now sleep next to connie . Fred watch for a moment . as he do the face of the sleep woman transform into donna 's . Fred freeze the frame . then he enlarge the holographic image so it fill up the space previously occupy by all eight monitor . the image be now almost actual size . Fred rise and walk around the console into the projection area . it 's as if he 's enter arctor 's bedroom , or a slightly scale down , freeze version of it . he approach the sleep couple , bend down and examine the face of the woman . it be clearly donna . he stand in arctor 's bedroom for a while , confuse and disorient , try to look at himself in arctor 's bureau mirror . Fred do not appear in the holographic reflection of the room . he shudder , return to the console , bring up all eight monitor , and turn off the freeze-frame . on the bedroom monitor , arctor awaken , and glance over at the woman sleep next to he . his eye widen . he fumble for the switch on the bedside lamp , knock it over . he turn back and stare at the sleep woman . as do Fred at the console . ext . englesohn lock company - morning a yellow cab pull up . arctor emerge . int . englesohn lock company - continuous a plump old lady stand behind the counter . arctor enter . old lady yes sir ? good morning . bob arctor hi , I be here ... the scene shift to very slow motion . everything grow quiet . color become saturate , as in a raphael painting . far -away voice ihr instrumente freilich spottet mein / mit rad und kam , walz ' und bugel : / ich stand be Tor , ihr ... the scene shift back . maybe a hiccup 's worth of time have pass . bob arctor ... to pay for a check of mine the bank return . it 's twenty dollar . ( continued ) 86 . continued : old lady oh. all-rightey . the old lady open a metal file box and , after a moment 's search , pull out a check with a note clipped to it . old lady Mr. arctor , be it ? bob arctor yes , I be Mr. arctor . nobody else be . old lady okay , sir . that will be twenty dollar . arctor hand she a twenty dollar bill . bob arctor I be sorry about this , but by mistake I write the check on a close account . the lady nod amiably as she write something on the note . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) also , I would appreciate if you would tell you husband -- old lady my brother Carl . bob arctor I would appreciate if you would tell you brother that I be distraught when he call and I apologize for that , too . old lady I believe he say something about that , yes . she hand the bad check back to arctor . bob arctor any extra charge ? old lady no extra charge . bob arctor I be distraught because a friend of mine have just pass - on suddenly . ( continued ) 87 . continued : old lady oh dear . his business do , arctor stand at the counter awkwardly . bob arctor he choke to death alone , in he room , on a piece of meat . no one hear he . old lady you know , Mr. arctor , more death happen from that than people realize . I read that if you be dining with a friend and he do not talk for a long time , you should ask he if he can , beacuse he may be strangling . bob arctor yes . that 's true . thanks . and thanks about the check . old lady well , I be sorry about you friend . bob arctor yes . he be the best friend I have . old lady how dreadful . I will tell Carl . and thank you for come all the way down . bob arctor thank you . and thank Mr. englesohn for I . thank you both so much . arctor stand there . the two just look at each other . bob arctor ( cont 'd ) okay then , thank you . arctor back out of the tiny shop . int . cab - morning arctor ride in the back with he open notebook and study the return check . he write in he notebook . shot of notebook we see arctor write the follow word in the same handwrite as be on the check . the v.o. be tense . ( continued ) 88. continued : bob arctor ( v.o. ) a perfect forgery . barris have my handwrite down . how many check have he write on my account ? evil genius bastard . int . cab - continuous arctor look up , stare out the window , try to focus . something 's bother he . the store speed by in a blur of color . bob arctor what if I , Bob arctor , write this check myself and just do not remember ? ext . phone booth - morning arctor be on the pay phone outside the Shell station . bob arctor I be sorry to bother you again , mar 'am , but I be just wonder what address do you have for that service call ? old lady ( v.o. ) just a minute , Mr. arctor , I will check . old man ( v.o . ) be that arctor ? old lady ( v.o. ) yes , but Carl , do not say anything . he come in just now -- old man ( v.o . ) let I talk to he . old lady ( v.o. ) Mr. arctor ? it say here it be in Santa Ana . on Main Street . ext . party house - night arctor be stone and on the phone in the crowded , smokey , noisy room . a blonde woman nibble he ear . bob arctor yeah , I lose my ignition key . ( pause ) 34881 Main Street , Santa Ana ... 89 . ext . shell station - morning arctor hang up the pay phone . he pace , try to think . bob arctor so , arctor 's the forger , not barris ! not deliberately , but because he brain be slushed on dope . all they brain be ... the busy intersection slow almost to a standstill . color become saturate . detail seem momentous : a man gesture in mid-conversation , a newspaper blow down the street . far -away voice Der wurme gleich ' ich , der de staub durchwuhlt , / de , wie er sich im staube nahrend lebt , / Des wandrer tritt ... back to normal as a car pass with a faulty muffler . bob arctor ... slushed and mutually interact in a slushed way . int . cab - morning arctor ride in the back . he stare out the window at the endless loop of McDonald 's , thriftys , 7 - 11' . bob arctor ( v.o. ) but what be arctor up to ? clearly the sheriff 's Office have some good reason to focus they investigation on he . no doubt reason I know nothing about . my job be to report , theirs to evaluate . arctor let he head fall back against the seat . ext . arctor' house - morning the cab drop arctor off . he head up the newspaper- strewn walk to the front door . he eye the house and the grounds : the house need paint , a rain gutter be halfway dislodge . the yard be overgrown . bob arctor Fucking waste of a perfectly good house . a family could live here , for Christ 's sake . ( pick up newspaper ) oughta take it away from this fuck . ( continued ) 90 . continued : arctor arrive at the front door , try to pull he house key from he pocket without spilling the armful of newspaper . he succeed , open the door , enter the house . int . arctor' house - continuous the place be a mess . arctor drop the papers on the floor . bob arctor ( for benefit of scanner ) nobody home , I guess . arctor move through the room in a almost study way . there be something stilted about the way he intentionally avoid look in the direction of the scanner . shot of notebook dapple with sunlight kid play in background . the camera glide across the follow word as the dispassionate v.o. read along . bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what do a scanner see ? do it see into the head ? into the heart ? do it see into I clearly or darkly ? I hope clearly , because I can not any longer . I see only murk inside and out . int . arctor' live room - continuous arctor rise and pull a book from the shelf . it be the picture Book of sexual Love . he open the book , revealing a photo of a man nibble a woman 's breast . he position himself so as to be best pick up by the live room scanner , then appear to read aloud from the book . we can see that what he be recite be not on the page . bob arctor any give man see only a tiny portion of the total truth , and ... shift to slow motion . saturate color . very quiet . far -away voice weh ! steck ' ich in dem kerker ... int . charle freck apartment - day freck lay fresh sheet on he bed in he neat apartment . ( continued ) 91 . continued : charle freck it be no problem how to kill yourself in the circle in which I hang . when life become more and more depress as you watch that you know fall apart from drug use , just take a large quantity of red . freck place a bag of red on the night table . charle freck wash them down with a bottle of cheap wine . freck pull a bottle of thunderbird from the counter of he kitchenette and place it next to the pill . charle freck ( cont 'd ) the hard part be choose the correct artifact to be find on you by later archaeologist . so they know from which stratum you come and where you head be at when you do it . freck pull a copy of " the fountainhead " from he book shelf , and place it face down and open on he bed . charle freck ( cont 'd ) I will be find with ayn rand 's " the fountainhead " open by my side to prove I have be a misunderstand superman reject by the mass and so , in a sense , murder by they scorn . freck place a typewritten letter next to the book . charle freck ( cont 'd ) also , a unfinish letter to exxon protest the cancellation of my gas credit card . that way I will indict the system and achieve something by my death . over and above what the death itself achieve . freck lie on the bed and ready himself for the suicide . he unscrew the cap on the wine , taste it , reconsider . charle freck ( cont 'd ) perhaps a connoisseur wine be in order on such a auspicious occasion . 92 . int . charle freck car - day freck drive , a expensive - look bottle of wine on the seat next to he . he anxiously eye the gas gauge on empty . charle freck you will soon be sorry , exxon , you ever tangle with Charles B. freck ! junior ! int . safe house - day Fred sit in he scramble suit watch a holo-tape . in it arctor be pull a book from the shelf in he live room and open it . Fred zoom in to the title of the book . it be the picture Book of sexual Love . Fred zoom back out to take in the entire scene . arctor recite , ostensibly from the book , in a creaky , stagy way . bob arctor any give man see only a tiny portion of weh ! steck ' ich in dem kerker noch ? verflucht the total truth , and very often , in fact almost perpetually dumpf mauerloch ... fred what the fuck be he talk about ? Fred glance at the other monitor . the only other activity be in luckman 's room , where luckman lie snore , sprawle on he floor , a bag of red by he side . bob arctor wo selbst das liebe himmelschlicht he deliberately deceive trub durch gemalte scheiben bricht ! fred he 's play head game with we . he 's shuck we . the fucker ! Fred rise and pace in front of the console , keep a eye on the monitor , try to figure what arctor be up to . on the other monitor , we see that arctor 's recitation have rouse luckman , who sit up groggily and listen to the odd german -english rant . luckman pick up a axe , head to the bedroom door , and listen there intently . in the live room , arctor have put down he book and be sifting through the pile of mail on the coffee table . he toss a large piece of junk mail at the trash can . it miss and crash against the wall . in he bedroom , luckman hear the crash . he stiffen suspiciously , sniff the air , raise the axe , ready to tear into the other room and attack . in the live room , arctor read a piece of mail . ( continued ) 93. continued : bob arctor ( regular voice ) I will be dip . luckman recognize arctor 's voice , relax , put down he axe , open the bedroom door , and exit he bedroom . he appear on the live room monitor with arctor . ernie luckman hi , what 's happen , Bob ? bob arctor I drive by the maylar microdot Corporation building . luckman casually drop into a chair across from arctor . ernie luckman you be shitting I . bob arctor one of the employee have evidently track the inventory out on the heel of he shoe . so they be all in the parking lot with many little magnify glass . ernie luckman ( yawn ) any reward ? bob arctor they have a reward , but they lose that , too . it be a little tiny penny . ernie luckman how large be the maylar microdot Corporation building ? fred pathetic , soulless nitwit . Fred sigh , fast - forward the tape . he watch on the meter until a hour 's worth of tape have pass . he switch back to play . arctor be across the room now , sprinkle food into a fish tank . luckman be stretch out on the couch . bob arctor about a inch high . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ernie luckman well , then how can you tell when you drive past it , if its only a inch ? bob arctor they have a really big sign . fred Jesus . Fred fast forward again for a long while , then put the machine back on play . now luckman be on the floor , clean some grass . arctor sit on the couch strumm a guitar . ernie luckman what 's the sign look like ? Fred fast forward until five hour have past , then go back to play . the live room be cloudy with smoke , as luckman and arctor pass a joint back and forth . ernie luckman ( cont 'd ) y'know how can you smuggle microdot into the u.s.? barris tell I . I be not suppose to say , cause he 's put it in he book , " simple Ways to smuggle object into the U.S. and out , depend on which Way you be go . " bob arctor oh , just tell I . ernie luckman you smuggle it with a shipment of dope . like heroin . the microdot be so small no one would notice . bob arctor that 's a decent idea . ernie luckman barris have this other idea for smuggle dope . you know how the custom guy , they ask you to declare what you have ? bob arctor right . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ernie luckman well , you take a huge block of hash and you carve it in the shape of a man . then you hollow out a little section and put a wind - up motor in . and a cassette tape . and just before it go through custom , you wind it up and it walk up to the man , who say , " do you have anything to declare ? " and it say , " no , I do not , " and keep on walk . bob arctor you put a solar battery in it , it could keep walk for year . forever . ernie luckman what 's the use of that ? bob arctor imagine a eskimo village . and this six foot block of hash worth ... what would it be worth ? ernie luckman a billion dollar ? bob arctor more . two billion . so this eskimos be chew hide when this six foot block of hash come walk through the snow say , " no , I do not " over and over again . ernie luckman they would wonder what it mean by that . bob arctor legends would spring up . ernie luckman can you imagine tell you grandkid , " I see with my own eye a six foot block of hash appear and walk past , worth two billion dollar , say , " no , I do not . " his grandchild would have he commit . bob arctor but , see , legend build . so in a few century it would be , " in my forefather ' time , a ninety foot high block of extremely good quality ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . continued : bob arctor Afghanistan hash worth eight trillion dollar come at we drip fire and scream , " die , eskimo dog ! " and we fight and fight with it and finally kill it with we spear . ernie luckman the kid would not believe that either . bob arctor kid never believe anything anymore . Fred 's phone ring . it jerk he out of he focus on the monitor . he pause the tape and pick up the phone . fred yeah ? telephone voice Fred , we have process you test . we need you to come back for the full battery . tomorrow at three . do you remember the room number ? fred um ... okay . telephone voice it 's 203 . be you all right , Fred ? any confusion ? difficulty identify person or object ? do anything you see appear invert or reverse ? any space - time or language disorientation ? fred um , what ? I just ... what exactly have you process ... that be , be this in regard to the lion 's Club speech ? telephone voice we will take all that up tomorrow , Fred . dial tone . Fred hang up and fast - forward the tape . he watch as the tape whir through the machine . he press stop , the tape jerk to a halt . Fred breathes hard , although it come through the grid sounding oddly mechanical . he push play . luckman be clean grass on the floor . barris be in the corner wind string . arctor rub he finger on the lip of a wine glass , make it hum . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ernie luckman ... this guy appear on tv , claim to be a world - famous imposter . he say he would pose at one time or another as a great surgeon , a theoretical submolecular high - velocity particle research physicist , a finnish novelist , a depose president of Argentina ... bob arctor he get away with it ? never get catch ? ernie luckman see , the guy never really pose as any of it . he only pose as a world - famous imposter . turn out he just push a broom at disneyland , until he read about this actual world - famous imposter , and he think , I can pose as all that thing , then he think , hell , I will just pose as a imposter . save a lot of time , a lot easier . make almost as much money as the real imposter with book and movie rights . jim barris we see imposter in we life , now and then . but not pose as physicist . ernie luckman nark , you mean . yeah , I wonder what a nark look like ? bob arctor it 's like ask what a imposter look like . I ask a hash dealer who would be bust once what the nark who bust he look like -- jim barris look just like we . bob arctor more so . the dealer dude tell I the nark have longer hair than we do . I guess the moral be , stay away from guy who look like we . ernie luckman nark give I the creep . ( continued ) 98 . continued : bob arctor how could a guy do that be what I want to know , pose as a nark ? luckman and barris what ? bob arctor shit , I be space . pose as a nark . ernie luckman pose as a nark ? pose as a nark ? bob arctor my brain be scramble today . I better go crash . Fred freeze the tape . he scribbles in notebook . shot of notebook Fred write in a different handwrite now : choppy , backward - slant , crabbe . fred ( v.o. ) pose as a nark . what do arctor mean ? int . charle freck apartment - day freck sit up in bed in he now electric yellow room , sip magenta wine . the wall be drip . charle freck I have be burn . this be not red , but rather some freaky psychedelic , the like of which I have never see . the wall across from freck 's bed part with a sloshing sound , and a eight foot high creature with many eye and ultra-hip clothing appear at he bedside , hold a scroll . charle freck ( cont 'd ) fuck . you be go to read I my sin , be not you ? the creature nod solemnly and unroll the scroll . charle freck ( cont 'd ) and it 's go to take a hundred thousand million hour , be not it ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : creature we be no longer in the mundane universe . you sin will be read to you ceaselessly throughout eternity . charle freck know you fuck dealer , man . creature ( read from scroll ) November 14 , 1962 , 3:08:23 pm : you do knowingly and with malice aforethought punch you baby sister Evelyn on the leave side of the head when you mother be not look . November 14 , 1962 , 3:08:27 pm : you do knowingly and with malice aforethought punch you baby sister on the leave arm when you mother be not look . November 14 , 1962 , 3:08:32 pm : you do ... ext . bob arctor' front yard - day arctor be finish up mow the lawn . he be intently focus on the task , but have do a erratic job : the leave side of the yard have be leave almost completely unmow . arctor turn to enter the house . we see that the leave side of he face be completely unshave . int . room 203 - day Fred be in the midst of a battery of test be administer by two uniform medical technician who resemble the technician who administer the previous test , but be not the same . Fred 's head rest in a contraption that divide he face in half , so he right eye and leave eye can be expose to different project image . medical technician # 3 okay , Fred , in rapid succession you will see a number of object pass before first you leave eye , then you right eye . at the same time , on the panel before you , outline of this object will appear . you be to match , by mean of the punch pencil you hold in you hand , the outline with the object . this image will flash very quickly so do not hesitate too long . you will be score for time as well as accuracy . okay ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : fred okay . technician # 4 flip a lever , the panel in front of Fred light up , and we see a wide array of outline drawing : a hammer , a shoe , a seagull , a camel , etc . then in rapid succession , photographic image of this object and other flash before Fred 's leave eye . he try to keep up . int . room 203 - a bit later Fred , now with a eye patch over he leave eye , face a screen . on the table in front of he be a wide array of small object : a toy boat , a die , a key , a marble , etc . medical technician # 4 now , a image of a familiar object will be project , you be to reach into the group of object on the table in front of you , with you leave hand -- and pick up the corresponding object . int . room 203 - a bit later Fred be blindfolded , a box with hand - hole in front of he . medical technician # 3 next , you will reach into this box and touch the object inside with you leave hand . after that you will be show three object visually . they will somewhat resemble each other and you will tell we which one most resemble the item you feel in the box . int . room 203 - a bit later Fred sit with a pile of oddly shape block , which he be attempt to fit into they corresponding hole . int . room 203 - later Fred sit before a table on which be scattered a bunch of identical plastic bird and one plastic lion . Fred study the table , finally pick up one of the plastic bird . fred this be the different one . Medical technician # 4 make a note on he clipboard . ( continued ) 101 . continued : medical technician # 3 okay , Fred , good . let we process -- Fred look up from the table at Medical technician # 3 , who be now Medical technician # 2 from the previous scene . medical technician # 2 -- this test result . and we will get back to you within a couple of hour . Medical technician # 4 be now Medical technician # 1 . medical technician # 1 thanks for you cooperation , Fred . fred thank you . thank you all very much . int . police department hall - day Fred walk hurriedly through the hall , past other scramble suit and uniform police personnel . he enter a office . int . hank's office - continuous hank look up from he desk . hank Fred , be that you ? fred yes . hank Fred , this be the informant who phone in about Bob arctor . hank indicate Jim barris , sit against the wall , grin crazily and fiddling with a paper clip . hank ( cont 'd ) we challenge he to appear in person and he do . do you know he ? fred sure I do . ( to barris ) you be James barris , be not you ? barris continue to grin , say nothing . ( continued ) 102 . continued : hank his i.d. show he to be , yes . fred what do he want ? jim barris I have evidence that Mr. arctor be part of a large , secret covert organization , well - fund , with arsenal of weapon at they disposal , probably dedicated to the overthrow -- hank that part be speculation . we want to know what you firsthand evidence be . fred have you ever be in a mental hospital , Mr. barris ? jim barris no , I have not , sir , ever be in a -- fred will you sign a swear notarize statement regard you evidence ? hank he already have , Fred . jim barris my evidence , gentleman , which I mostly do not have with I today , consit of tape recording I have make of Robert arctor 's phone conversation . fred what be this covert organization ? jim barris I believe it to be political in nature , and against this country . fred and what be arctor 's relationship to substance d? jim barris when you examine my evidence , you will undoubtedly conclude that substance D be produce by a foreign nation determine to overthrow the U.S. , and ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . continued : jim barris ( cont would ) that Robert arctor have he hand deep in the machinery of -- hank can you tell we the name of anyone else inside this organization ? jim barris a miss donna hawthorne . on various pretext he go over to she place and collude with she regularly . Fred laugh he computerize laugh . barris laugh also . fred collude ? what do you mean ? jim barris I have follow he in my car , sir . fred she 's he girl ! hank ( to Fred ) you think there 's nothing to this ? fred ( shrugging ) let 's look at he evidence . hank ( to barris ) bring we you evidence . ( to Fred ) maybe we should send a officer with he to retrieve it . jim barris there 's one more thing . Mr. arctor be addict to substance D. his mind be derange now . he 's become dangerous . fred dangerous . jim barris he 's already have episode such as occur with brain damage from substance D. deterioration in the corpus callosum . ( continued ) 104 . continued : hank this kind of unsupported speculation be worthless . we will send a officer with you to collect you evidence . jim barris but , sir -- hank we will arrange for a officer out of uniform , so it will not be conspicuous . jim barris I might be murder . Mr. arctor be , as I say -- hank we appreciate you extreme risk , Mr. barris . if you information be of significant value in obtain a conviction , then naturally -- jim barris that 's not why I be do this . the man be sick . Brain damage from substance D . the reason I be here -- hank we do not care why you be here . we only care if you evidence amount to anything . the rest be you problem . jim barris thank you , sir . thank you very much . barris grin and nod and sweat . int . room 203 - day Fred enter . Medical technician # 1 and Medical technician # 2 look up from they desk . medical technician # 1 Fred , be that you ? fred yes . medical technician # 1 have a seat , then . Fred sit in a chair against the wall . the technician go back to they paper work . Fred wait stiffly . finally , Medical technician # 2 look back up . ( continued ) 105 . continued : medical technician # 2 Fred , we have process you result . fred uh-huh . medical technician # 2 you demonstrate something we call a competition phenomenon . fred ( get up to leave ) okay . thank you . Medical technician # 2 gesture for Fred to sit . he do . medical technician # 2 it 's a competition between you leave and right hemisphere . kind of like you have two gas gauge on you car , one say you tank be full , the other say it 's empty . fred why do I have two gas gauge ? medical technician # 2 substance D. damage have take place in the normally dominant leave hemisphere . the right hemisphere be attempt to compensate for the impairment . but the twin function do not fuse . now , we could perform a right hemispherectomy -- fred will this go away ? this gas gauge ? medical technician # 1 it 's probably a functional impairment . medical technician # 2 it may be organic . maybe permanent . fred wait . I be confuse . be you say it be organic , or -- medical technician # 1 even if it 's brain damage , there be experiment now in the removal of small section of both hemisphere which seem to abort compete gestalt - processing . ( continued ) 106 . continued : medical technician # 2 but the problem then be the individual only receive partial income sense data . instead of have two signal , he get half a signal . fred half a gas gauge ? what would that be like ? int . hank's office - day hank and a sweat Jim barris sit at a table , the centerpiece of which be a reel - to- reel tape recorder . a uniform cop stand at the door . tape recorder voice ( female ) look , I can not talk . I will call you back . tape recorder voice ( male ) this can not wait . the door to hank 's office open . hank switch off the tape recorder . a scramble suit enter , out of breath in a computerize - sounding way . hank Fred ? fred yeah . sorry I be late . I just ... hank wave he off , turn on the tape recorder . Fred sit . tape recorder voice ( female ) well , what be it then ? tape recorder voice ( male ) we intend to ... hank switch off the tape , look at barris . hank would you identify the voice for we ? jim barris the female 's voice be a miss donna hawthorne . the male be Bob arctor . hank nod , switch back on the tape . ( continued ) 107 . continued : tape recorder voice ( male ) ... half of Southern California tomorrow night . the Air Force arsenal at vandenberg afb will be hit for automatic and semi-automatic weapon . tape recorder voice ( female ) what about that disorientation drug the biker rip off for we ? when do we carry that crud up to the watersh area to -- tape recorder voice ( male ) the organization need the weapon first . the drugge water supply be step B. hank turn off the tape . jim barris I can identify the biker gang also . hank you have more material of this sort ? jim barris much more . much much more . much much much much much -- hank okay , great . what I be go to do , Mr. barris , be impound this material here for further study . you will be hold in custody , charge with give false information . this be , of course , only a pretext for you own safety , but the formal charge will be lodge anyhow . be that satisfactory ? hank do not wait for a response , but signal for the uniform cop to lead barris from the room . barris continue to grin as he be lead away . hank what 's you response , Fred , to barris 's evidence so far ? fred be that my medical report , hank ? hank nod , but offer nothing else . ( continued ) 108 . continued : fred ( cont 'd ) well , I think the little barris play sound genuine to I . hank oh , it 's a fake , Fred , for Christ sake . fred you might be right . but I do not agree . um , so what do my medical report -- hank it say you be completely cuckoo . fred completely ? far -away voice wie kalt ist es in diesem unterirdischen gewolbe ! hank maybe two brain cell still light up . fred out of how many , would you say ? hank I do not know . I understand brain have a lot of cell . Fred look down . hank ( cont 'd ) I will tell you what I would do , Fred . I would not go into a federal clinic . I would get about six bottle of good bourbun , go up into the hill , and just stay there till it 's over . fred they tell I it may never be over . hank then never come back . can you drive ? fred my ... Fred 's sense of the room begin to shift . the wall move toward infinity . everything slow down . he watch hank drum he finger on the table . it take forever for the ( continued ) 109 . continued : finger to drop . when they hit , it be with a resounding " plop . " hank speak , and it break the spell . hank we can get somebody to drive you . far -away voice ein engel , der gattin , so gleich , der fuhrt , mich zur freheit in ... fred sure . thanks . ( beat ) tell I , hank , what do you think of I now , now that I have burn out ? hank I think you be a very good person . fred thank you very much . hank you want a cigarette ? fred no . I be quit they , too . I be quit everything . hank good for you . it 's like I tell my child -- fred I have kid , too . two little girl . hank I do not believe you do . you be not suppose to . shot of arctor family photograph now all the face , include arctor 's , be go . int . hank's office - continuous fred maybe not . hank I do not think you be go to make it in the mountain , even if we get someone to drive you . where else would you like to go ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : fred I do not know . I do not know . hank what about over to donna hawthorne 's ? I know you be close . shot of donna hawthorne touching arctor' hand int . hank's office - continuous fred how do you know that ? hank by a process of elimination we be able to determine you be Bob arctor . fred ( horrify , confuse ) arctor ? I be Bob arctor ? but he 's ugly ! hank nevermind . it 's not important . ( into phone ) get I a donna hawthorne at ... ( to Fred ) where do she work ? fred uh , Thompson jeweler . I be arctor ? hank ( into phone ) ... at Thompson jeweler . ( to Fred ) we should probably get you to a hospital . barris poison you . it be really barris , we be interested in . that 's why we set up the scanner . he 's into something heavy and sick , and it have to do with gun . fred ( massage temple ) so , wait , you use I to get to barris ? hank we have to get to he , Bob . he 's bad news . we could not tell you . we be afraid you would spill the bean . ( continued ) 111 . continued : fred ( beat , weakly ) you fucker . you fucker . the intercom buzze . hank flip off he voice grid , pick up the phone . it 's the first time we hear he real voice . hank ( cont 'd ) hey , donna ? this be a buddy of Bob 's . he 's in a bad way . I be not jiving you . so could you pick he up , ... Fred watch hank , sounding like a head , look like a blur . int . donna' car - early evening donna drive a sick Bob arctor along a tree-line road . donna hawthorne before we go to New - path , Bob , I think maybe we would drive into the hill , y'know , look at the city light . donna wait for a response , there be none . she glance over at arctor . he rest he forehead against the window . she sigh . suddenly he begin to heave and vomit . donna pull onto the shoulder , get out of the car , hurry to the passenger side to help arctor . ext . tree - line road - a few minute later arctor be on he hand and knee vomit . donna kneel beside he , hold he forehead . he finish . donna hawthorne let 's sit a few minute . bob arctor ( so weakly ) do you have any hash ? donna look at he for a second , get up , fuss around under the passenger seat , and pull out a piece of foil and a pipe . she take arctor by the hand . donna hawthorne c'mon , let 's get off the road a little bit . in case of cop . donna and arctor walk through the tree in silence , arrive at a clear , from which the city light can be see . she sit arctor down , fill the pipe , light it , and draw . she pass the pipe to arctor , but he be shiver and glassy - eye . a big , dark stain be form on he pants . ( continued ) 112 . continued : donna hawthorne ( cont 'd ) here . she inhale , lean forward to super - charge arctor . but he double over , clutching he stomach . he vomit and moan a crazy song - like moan , attempt to comfort himself . donna touch he hand . but he be unaware of it . she sit on a rock and stare at the city light below . donna hawthorne ( cont 'd ) I guess we never know what 's in store for we . arctor continue to clutch himself and moan . donna hawthorne ( cont 'd ) do you know this dude tony Amsterdam ? no response from arctor . donna relight the pipe , inhale . donna hawthorne ( cont 'd ) after he see God , he feel really good , for around a year . then he feel worse than he have ever feel before in he life . because one day it come to he , he be never go to see God again . he be go to live out the rest of he life , fifty year maybe , and see nothing but what he have always see . he realize he be go to have to live on and on with no purpose . just a lump of flesh grind along , eat , drink , work , sleep , crapping -- bob arctor just ... like ... the ... rest ... of we . donna hawthorne that 's what I tell he . we be all in the same boat , and it do not freak we out . but he say , " you do not know what I see . " a spasm pass through arctor , convulse he . then : bob arctor do ... he say what it be like ? donna hawthorne spar . shower of color spark . in the air . go up the wall . wherever he look . the whole world ( more ) ( continued ) 113. continued : donna hawthorne ( cont would ) be a live creature . and there be no accident . everything fitte together to achieve something , some goal in the future . and there be a doorway . for a week he see it wherever he look . always the same proportion , very narrow . very pleasing . that 's the word he use . he never enter it though . just look at it , surround by red and gold light , like the spark have collect into line . then he never see it again he whole , entire life . bob arctor what be on the other side ? donna hawthorne he say it be always nighttime . moonlight and water . nothing ever change . Water like blank ink and a beach . he be sure it be ancient Greece , that the door be a weak link in time . later when he could not see it anymore , he become so frustrated with the noise and light and motion in this world . he would tell everyone he meet that he lose everything . bob arctor I have lose everything . donna hawthorne there be a woman on the island . more like a statue . of the cyrenaican Aphrodite . in the moonlight . pale and cold . bob arctor he should have go through while he have the chance . you only get one chance . donna hawthorne he do not have the chance , Bob . it be a promise . something to come . something better a long time in the future . they show we trailer now . ( put arm around arctor ) so we will hold out . ( continued ) 114 . continued : bob arctor that 's what you be try to do . with I now . show I a trailer . so I will hold out . donna be quiet , sniff in some snot . donna hawthorne you be a good man . you have be deal a bad blow . but life be not over for you . I care for you a lot . I wish ... donna 's voice crack . she look down at arctor , who seem only semi-conscious now . she continue to hold he in silence , rock he slightly , look out at the city . donna hawthorne ( cont 'd ) you be a good and kind person . and this be unfair , but it have to be this way . try to wait for the end . sometime , a long time from now , you ' will see the way you see before . a light shine into donna 's eye . she squint at it , at the silhouette of a uniform cop behind the light . cop would you stand , you first , miss , and show I you identification , please ? donna lay arctor gently on the ground . she approach the cop , signal he away from the unconscious arctor , and hand he she wallet . he study it in he flashlight beam . cop ( cont 'd ) you be a feed ? donna hawthorne keep you voice down . cop I be sorry . donna hawthorne just fuck take off . the cop shine he flashlight into donna 's face , study she , hand she she wallet , then take off . donna approach the unconscious arctor . ( continued ) 115 . continued : donna hawthorne ( cont 'd ) Bob ? we have get to get start . no answer . she tug at he , try to rouse he . bob arctor I can not make love . my thing 's disappear . I be sorry . I be so sorry . donna hawthorne c'mon , they be expect we . I have to sign you in . bob arctor but what will I do if my thing 's disappear ? will they still take I ? donna hawthorne ( gently ) they will take you . donna help arctor up and walk he back to she car . int . new - path reception area - night arctor lie on the floor , curl up and shiver . dried vomit fleck he face . the stain on he pants be bigger now . two New - path staff member stand surveying the tremble arctor . donna kneel at he side . new - path # 1 what be it ? donna hawthorne it 's a person . new - path # 1 substance d? donna nod . new - path # 2 it eat he head . another loser . donna hawthorne it 's easy to win . anybody can win . donna bend down close to arctor 's face and silently mouth " good -bye . " she rise and head to the door . a staff member drape arctor with a blanket as donna exit . she do not look back . 116 . int . donna' car - night donna drive she tiny mg on the freeway in heavy traffic behind a huge coca cola truck . she pick a tape from the show box in the back . it 's carole King 's tapestry . she plug it in and crank it up loud , then pull a pistol out from under the dashboard . she unroll the window , stick the pistol out , and begin fire at the Coke truck . she hit it several time before the clip be emptied . Broken Coke bottle glass and brown liquid splatter she windshield . this soothes she for a moment , but misery build up in she again almost instantly . to relieve it , she floor it and smashes into the truck with all she might . the impact spin the mg around . tire shriek against fender as she car come to rest on the shoulder face against traffic . Water pour from she radiator . her headlight dim . donna get out of the car and look at the Coke truck . it be still grind along , seemingly untouched . motorist gape at donna as they crawl by . one guy unroll he window . motorist you want a ride , miss ? she ignore he and head back on foot to the exit ramp , squinting into the headlight of the oncoming traffic . fade to black . fade in : int . new - path - day George , a staff member , address the camera as he lead it down a dormitory hallway . GEORGE all right , Bruce , what you will be do here first be the bathroom . George stop at a closet door , open it , and pull out a mop , pail , and some powder soap . he close the door , and continue down the hall . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the floor , the basin , and especially the toilet . there be three bathroom , one on each floor . okay , Bruce ? angle on Bruce . we see that Bruce be Bob arctor . it be , however , a different arctor : hair cut short and unstylish , nondescript goodwill clothing , and a mousy demeanor . ( continued ) 117 . continued : bob arctor okay . George push open another door and enter . arctor follow . int . bathroom - continuous arctor and George stand in a dorm -style bathroom , with several toilet . George hand the mop and pail to arctor . GEORGE you feel you know how to clean a bathroom ? start , and I will give you some pointer . arctor nod obediently , take the pail to the sink , sprinkle in some soap flake , and begin to fill it with water . he become transfix with the foam form in the pail and the roar of the run water . after a while , George speak , sounding very far away . GEORGE ( o.c . ) do not fill it all the way , Bruce , or you will not be able to lift it . bob arctor okay . int . lounge - day arctor sit with a paper cup of coffee . there be other in the lounge , but they pay he no attention . he stare down at he coffee , focus on the rise and swirl steam . jabber be hear in the background . new - path resident # 1 if you could see from inside a dead person , you could still see , but you could not operate the eye muscle so you could not focus . new - path resident # 2 exactly . just blurry . new - path resident # 1 plus , you could not turn you head or you eyeball . all you could do be wait and wait until some object pass by . it would be a terrible scene . ( continued ) 118. continued : new - path resident # 2 I think that 's what it mean to be dead . to not be able to stop look at whatever 's in front of you . int . meeting room - afternoon arctor sit on a fold chair in a semi-circle of resident and a staff member . he stare down at he hand . a portable blackboard be cover with scribble word , such as " goal " , " responsibility " , and " Community . " a large coffee urn percolate in the corner , make a " whoop - whoop " sound . arctor focus on this sound , which frighten he . new - path resident # 3 live and unlive thing be exchange property . all murmer agreement except arctor , who just look down . new - path resident # 4 that 's because the drive of the unlive be stronger than the drive of the live . whoop - whoop . the coffee urn get progressively louder . new - path staffer so we be incorporate too much unlive drive within we . now , activity do not necessarily mean life . quasar be active , but not alive . a meditate monk be not dead . int . dine hall - night the room be fill with sad-look people at collapsible table eat dinner off trays . arctor sit at a table by himself , and stare down at he steaming soup . int . reception area - day a bunch of resident excitedly rifle through a cardboard box of donate clothing . arctor stand back from the box and look at he foot . Mike , a short , stocky man with a pug face slip into a shirt that look like a american flag . new - path resident # 1 hey , Mike , you be one sharp dude ! ( continued ) 119 . continued : mike thanks , man . Mike fiddle with a belt with two metal ring for a buckle . he can not cinch it . mike ( cont 'd ) ( cheerily ) oh , c'mon , you guy leave I the belt nobody else could work ! ( to arctor ) you know how to do this , man ? arctor reach down and cinch the belt . mike ( cont 'd ) hey , thanks , buddy ! Mike touch arctor 's shoulder . arctor glance at the hand . int . meeting room - morning arctor sit in the center of the room . a circle of resident yell at he . a chinese girl be more shrill than the other chinese girl resident you know what he be ? a kissy - face ! you be a kissy - face ! new - path resident ( chant ) can you fuck yourself ? can you fuck yourself ? the executive director smile from the circle . new - path resident # 1 let 's see you fuck yourself ! chinese girl resident the kissy - facy ! another female resident flap she arm and bulge she cheek in arctor 's face . the chinese girl swivel around and stick she ass in arctor 's face . chinese girl resident ( cont 'd ) kiss my ass , kissy - facy ! he want to kiss people , kiss this , kissy - facy ! ( continued ) 120 . continued : new - path resident let 's see you fuck yourself , kissy - facy ! arctor shut he eye , but still hear the scream . the executive director clear he throat ; the scream subside . executive director you pimp . you fuck . you do . you shit . you turd . you snot . you asshole . you vomit . you wart . we shift to arctor 's Pov , look out at the group and hearing the executive director 's chant . executive director ( cont 'd ) you bile . you worm . you maggot . you pus . you run sore . the chant continue , but the actual word become indecipherable . Mike 's voice break the chant . mike ( gently ) Bruce ? arctor look at Mike 's compassionate face . mike ( cont 'd ) Bruce , what 's the matter ? what bring you here ? can you tell we anything about yourself ? you past ? new - path resident # 2 pimp ! what be you , pimp ? chinese girl resident tell we , you cock -suck fairy whore pimp ! you ass - kisser , you fuck ! bob arctor I be a eye . I be dead . I can only look at what be front of I . executive director you turd prick . you weakling . you puke . you suck -off . you snatch . the executive director continue , but arctor can not make out the word as he survey the cold , hard face of the group . spade week be among they . 121. int . new - path hallway - day arctor walk down the hall , carry he pail and mop . he pass a open door . Inside be a brightly light room in which several child play . arctor watch , transfix . int . dine room - evening the child sit at a table in a alcove off the main dining area . some of the smaller child sit in high chair and be be feed by old man . arctor watch from outside the alcove . Mike walk by . he smile . mike you like kid , Bruce ? bob arctor yes . mike you can eat with they if you like . arctor nod and sit at the end of the table . mike ( cont 'd ) you can feed they in a month or two . after we be sure you will not hit they . bob arctor okay . int . dine area - a bit later the table be mostly empty now . only a couple of straggling child and arctor remain . the two old man be beginning clean-up . one of the child go , leave only arctor and a wide - eye little girl . little girl what 's you name ? arctor do not respond . little girl ( cont 'd ) I say , what 's you name ? my name be thelma . do you forget you name ? if you forget you name , you can write it on you hand . want I to show you how ? bob arctor wo not it wash off ? ( continued ) 122. continued : little girl oh , I see . ( think ) well , you could write on the ceiling above you bed . then when you want to know you name better , you can -- bob arctor thelma . little girl no , that 's my name . and that 's a girl 's name anyway . if I see you again , I will give you a name . I will make one up for you . ' kay ? bob arctor do not you live here ? little girl yes , but my mommy may be leave . she 's think about take we , I and my brother , and leave . ' kay , bye ! she run off . arctor watch after the girl . bob arctor Bruce . int . new - path reception area - day arctor sit on a fold chair against the wall , stare at he cup of coffee . Mike walk by in he bright new shirt . mike hey , Bruce ! arctor look up . bob arctor be you leave here ? mike ( chuckle ) no , man , I can never leave here . too many temptation out there for the like of we . no , I be just go into town to pick up a donation of semi- rotten vegetable . ( continued ) 123. continued : bob arctor semi-rotten vegetable . shot of notebook dapple with sunlight kid laugh in background . we scan the follow word , read offhandedly by arctor . bob arctor ( v.o. ) for now we see through a glass , darkly ; but then face to face : now I know in part ... the camera pull back to reveal that it 's donna read the journal . she 's sit at a picnic table outside a McDonald 's . her eye move back and forth across the page . near she , a group of child laugh and play on a mcdonaldland jungle gym . bob arctor ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... but then shall I know even as also I be know . that 's the last entry . she close the notebook , take a sip of Coke , and watch the child play . a pick - up truck pull into the parking lot . Mike get out , approach donna 's table , sit across from she . there 's a silence , then : donna hawthorne so be they paranoid about he ? mike no . he just sit there all day . there 's really nothing to suspect . they can not get anything out of he during the game session . donna look off for a moment , sadly . donna hawthorne well , then , will he be able to act , when the time come ? be anything leave ? mike you never really know . a memory . a few char brain cell flicker on . people like he be clack insect . all reflex . we can only hope he 's get the right reflex . ( continued ) 124 . continued : donna hawthorne it be very well drill into he . ( forlorn ) such a price to pay . the government ask a awful lot . mike life ask a awful lot . donna hawthorne ( angry ) in this case , the fuck government . Bob do not volunteer . he be sacrifice . he be my friend , y'know . ( beat ) I do not want to be on this assignment much longer . I just want it over . shit. sometimes I think we be colder than they be . mike I see a warm person when I look at you , donna . donna hawthorne oh , I be warm on the outside . warm face , warm eye , warm fuck fake smile . but inside I be cold all the time . I be full of lie . I be awful . donna get up and walk away . Mike watch after she . int . new - path hallway - day arctor open the door to the room where he first see the child . in there now be a old woman try to juggle . she smile at arctor and he see that she have almost no tooth . old woman can you do this ? she throw the ball in the air to juggle and they fall back onto she then bounce onto the floor . she stoops over , spitting and laugh . arctor be dismay . bob arctor I can not do that . old woman I can . she try again , fail , laugh . a staffer appear next to the arctor in the doorway , sniff the air ( continued ) 125 . continued : new - path staffer donna , you need to clean yourself . you stink . bob arctor ( horrify ) donna ?! the old woman shuffles past arctor and the staffer . bob arctor how long have donna be here ? new - path staffer I do not know . six month . bob arctor ( relieved ) oh , then it 's not donna . I have be here a week . and donna drive I here . and she be fine : sad -ey , quiet and compose . so beautiful . leather jacket . that purse with the rabbit 's foot dangle . just like always . int . lounge - day arctor and Mike sit across from each other over coffee . mike I think I be go to try to get you a job on one of we farm , Bruce . when you be ready . bob arctor can I work with animal . I like animal . can I work with they ? mike no , I want to try you with crop . I think that would be good for you . bob arctor I want to work with something live . mike the ground be live . do you have any agricultural background ? bob arctor ( search memory ) I use to work in a office . ( continued ) 126 . continued : mike well , you will be outside from now on , sow , tilling , kill insect . we do a lot of that with pesticide . but we be very careful , because that spray can poison the crop as well as the person use they . eat he head . the way yours have be eat , Bruce . bob arctor okay . int . new - path kitchen - day arctor be pull some clean supplies from the cabinet under the sink . he notice something , pick it up , study it . it 's a bone fragment . he get frighten , turn to someone cut vegetable , and hold up the bone . bob arctor be this Jerry fabin ?! be this Jerry fabin ?! the person take the bone fragment , look at it , and shrug . ext . napa valley farm - day it 's a hot , bright day . a car drive in through the gate of the razor - wire fence farm , and raise dust as it head toward a cluster of wooden house . it stop and arctor step out , pull a suitcase after he . he be meet at the car by the farm manager , a middle - age man with a sun - crease face . the car drive off . farm manager you name be Bruce . bob arctor my name be Bruce . farm manager Mike westaway recommend we give you a try on the farm . you be go to work here for a while . bob arctor okay . farm manager I think you will like it better here . ( continued ) 127 . continued : bob arctor I think I will like it better here . farm manager you like mountain ? bob arctor I like mountain . farm manager beautiful mountain all around . the manager point , but arctor do not look . farm manager ( cont 'd ) and the air be good . bob arctor I like air . farm manager yeah , Bruce , we all like air . we really all do . c'mon , I will show you you bunk and get you a hat to protect you head from the sun . the manager lead Bruce to the bunkhouse . int . bunkhouse - day it 's crude with six cot . the manager point to one of they . farm manager this be where you sleep . bob arctor will I be see my friend ? farm manager you mean back at the rehab ? bob arctor Mike and thelma and donna and Jerry fabin and luckman and barris and -- farm manager the farm be close facility , so they can not come visit . besides you be not suppose to make any one - to- one relationship at New - path . do not they teach you that ? ( continued ) 128. continued : bob arctor they have we memorize that as part of the New - path creed . the farm manager study arctor 's sad , blank face . farm manager but we usually send you back to you residence - of-origin for holiday . so you will be visit at Thanksgiving if you do good work . bob arctor Thanksgiving . farm manager all right then . what else ? ( look around , point ) bathroom there . and you can turn on and off the light with this cord . arctor be no longer pay attention . he 's catch a glimpse of the mountain out the window , and stand transfix . farm manager ( cont 'd ) Mountains , Bruce , mountain . bob arctor Mountains , Bruce , mountain . farm manager echolalalia , Bruce , echolalalia . bob arctor echolalalia , Bruce , echolalalia . ext . cornfield - day arctor , in a cap and carry a pesticide sprayer , wade through the stalk , check for insect infestation . his entire focus , he entire consciousness be direct at this task . his hat blow off , and he bend to pick it up . as he near the ground , he notice a second crop grow underneath , hide by the corn . it 's a small , bright blue flower , and now that he 's close to the ground , he can see it plant everywhere . he squat there , transfix . someone come up behind he . it 's the executive director of New - path . arctor do not look up ; he just stare at the flower . executive director you be see the flower of the future , Bruce . but not for you . ( continued ) 129 . continued : bob arctor why not for I ? executive director you have have too much of a good thing . so get up and stop worshipp . this be not you god anymore . arctor keep stare . the executive director reach down and hold he open hand in arctor 's field of vision . arctor do not move he head ; he just continue to stare , now at the executive director 's hand . bob arctor go . the flower of spring be go . executive director no . you simply can not see they . that 's a philosophical problem you would not comprehend . epistemology -- the theory of knowledge . arctor stare forever at the palm of the executive director 's rich , uncallouse hand , see every crease . finally : executive director ( cont 'd ) c'mon , back to work , Bruce . bob arctor I see . the executive director chuckle , rise , and head off . executive director back to work , Bruce . now that the hand be go , arctor stare once again at the blue flower . the color shift , grow more saturate . far -away voice I see substance D. I see death rise from the earth itself , in one blue field . in very slow motion , arctor pick a blue flower , and put it inside he shoe . shift back to normal speed and color . bob arctor a present for my friend . ( fond smile ) my friend who I will see soon . at Thanksgiving . ( continued )