a separation by asghar farhadi copyright 2010 fade in : title a document be on the glass inside a copier . the copier start copying , a light move from one side of the copier to the other and a copy be make of a id card . a hand remove one id card and place another its place . the hand place the id card of various individual — man , woman , young , middle age and old — on the glass plate of the copier and copy they . the title appear and fade out on this scene . int . family court — courtroom — day in a branch of the iranian divorce Court , simin and nader be seat across from the judge . the door to the room be open and from the room next door , the voice of people wait to see the judge and the commotion of the corridor be hear . nader be quiet and pensive and stare at the judge . simin speak continuously . judge ( 0.s. ) Madame , the thing you be say be not reason with which you can file for a divorce , unless there be something else . simin like what ? judge ( 0.s . ) like if he be a addict , physically abuse you or do not give you a allowance . simin no , he be not a addict . on the contrary , he be a good , decent person ... judge ( 0.s. ) then why do you want a divorce ? simin because he will not come with I . if he do I will drop my case for a divorce ... ( to nader ) will you come ? nader no , I will not . if it 's important for she to leave , she can . simin you honor , ask he why he will not , why he do not want to come ? nader ( to simin ) you know why . simin no I do not . nader ( to the judge ) let she give I one reason to convince I why we should move abroad in this circumstance . simin you give I one reason why we should stay . nader ( to simin ) I ' 1l give you a thousand . the first one be I can not leave my father . simin but you can leave you wife ? nader you bring I here ! you file for a divorce ! when do I leave you ?! simin do not you just say she can leave if she want to ? nader yes and I will say it again . when you do not want to live with I ... I do not get you by force and I be not go to keep you by force .. one day you come to live with I . today you do not want to . simin you honor , he excuse be he father 's illness .. his father have Alzheimer 's . he do not even know that he son be around . nader you think he do not know . simin do he ? nader yes I feel that he do . simin it make no difference to he , whether it be you that be with he or a stranger . he do not even know that you be he son . nader but I know that he be my dad . simin do not you daughter 's future matter to you ? judge ( 0.s. ) ( to simin ) so all the child live in this country do not have a future ? simin as a mother I prefer that she not grow up in this circumstance . can I have this right as a mother ? judge ( 0.s. ) what circumstance ? simin fall silent . judge ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you child better off here with both she parent or there without a father ? simin that 's why I be insist that he also come with we . nader I be not in a position to leave . there 's a brief silence between nader and simin who do not even look at each other . simin ( to the judge ) what should we do now ? judge ( 0.s. ) nothing . go back to you life . simin if we could , I would not file for a divorce . judge ( 0.s. ) you can have a divorce only if he agree to grant you one . simin he just say that he agree . ( to nader ) do not you say you agree to a divorce ? judge ( 0.s. ) ( to nader ) be you willing to grant she a divorce ? nader if she prefer go abroad to live to she husband and child , then I have no objection to a divorce . simin ( to nader ) what do '' you prefer '' mean ? ( to the judge ) you honor please look at this document . simin show the paperwork she be hold to the judge . simin you honor after 18 month of run around and expense , we get we residency . it have be six month now and it will expire in 40 day . why should we ... judge ( 0.s. ) like I say , this be you personal problem . for a divorce , you need he consent . simin if he consent to a divorce , what happen to my daughter ? judge ( 0.s. ) you have to agree on everything . how old be you daughter ? simin she 'il be eleven in two week . judge ( 0.s. ) she can only come with you if ( more ) she father give he permission . if he do not t she can not leave . simin he will not give he permissio : he know I will not leave without my daughter . judge ( 0.s. ) that 's between you two . goo day . nader rise from he seat . simin you honor , I have to know where I stand before this day be up . judge ( 0.s. ) ( to nader ) please sign here . nader approach the judge 's desk to sign simin I ' 1ll give up everything if he ’1ll give I my daughter . nader we daughter be attach to she do not even want to go with you . simin she do not know better . nader why not ? she be eleven year old . simin you honor , please . can not y help I ? judge ( 0.s . ) ( to simin ) hen n . id 40 the document . only I . 's ou please sign here and do not waste the court 's time . simin what do you mean waste ? judge ( 0.s. ) you can not come here for every little problem that you have . simin it 's a little problem to you . judge ( 0.s. ) yes , I be the judge here and you problem be not a problem ... mar ’am sign here . unwillingly , simin sign the court document . int . corridor and stairways — day simin move through the stairway and corridor of the courthouse among the throng of man and woman walk between the various office or wait for they turn . nader walk behind she . int . nader 's house — stairway — day two middle - age mover be carry a old piano down the stair from the second floor . simin be come up the stair hold a suitcase and wait on the landing for the mover to bring down the piano and clear the way for she to enter nader 's house . mover # 1 ( hold the piano ) Lady , you say the first floor . simin this be the first floor ... mover # 1 so what 's the floor beneath we ? simin that 's the ground floor , this be the first ... mover # 1 the price we give be for one floor . simin be n not the buyer pay you for the move ? mover # 1 only for one floor ... simin I do not understand what you be say ! the mover put the piano down on the floor . mover # 1 then call the buyer . he have to tell we what to do . this be two floor . simin ( frustrated ) Fine , clear the way , I will pay for one floor ... the worker pick the piano up to carry it downstairs . ext . balcony — day nader be in the balcony , he old father , mr . morteza , be seat on a chair . nader be use a electric shaver to shave he father 's beard . they be see from between a open door to the balcony . int . hallway — day nader 's apartment be a relatively large and old apartment . it be a little cluttere . in a corner of the hallway razieh be seat on a chair wait . her little daughter somayeh be lean against she knee . through the open of the door , somayeh watch nader shave he father 's beard . nader and he father be talk but because of the ( continued ) distance , they voice can not be hear . simin enter as she shake the dust off she suitcase . on she way to the bedroom , she pass razieh and somayeh , who be wait . int . bedroom — day simin 's clothing and other personal thing be in a pile on the bed . she stuff they into she suitcase . razieh ( 0.s. ) Excuse I madam ... simin leave the suitcase and walk out of the room . int . hallway and termeh 's room — day termeh pretend to be busy with she homework , even though it be clear she be not concentrate . simin enter . simin go tell you dad they want to leave . termeh why do not you tell he ? simin shoot termeh a angry glance . termeh what ? simin ( quietly ) do not we agree ? termeh I be study . termeh leave the room . simin climb a chair to reach the shelf in the closet and get she thing . simin throw all she book , magazine and note out of the closet . suddenly she stop , quietly climb down the chair and from between the window blind look at nader in the hallway where he be take he father Mr. morteza to he room . termeh say something to she dad . int . mr. morteza 's room , the kitchen and live room — day 10 simin place she book on the dining table next to the rest of she thing . razieh be stand and speak to nader who be carry the dirty laundry from he father 's room to the kitchen . nader 's father be sit on the edge of he bed and be look out of he room and talk gibberish . somayeh be watch he curiously . simin pretend to be busy with she luggage but be in fact listen in on nader and razieh 's conversation . nader '' you have to give he he medication on time , keep he away from the stove , from leave the house cause he ' 11l get lose , from go to the window . ( louder to termeh ) termeh get you laundry . nader load the clothes into the wash machine . from the stairway , the mover call simin . mover # 1 madam ? simin come upstairs ... nader I have to be at work at 7:30 . you have to be here before that so that I can leave he with you . razieh that 's too early . I have have to leave my house at 5:30 . nader can you make it by 8 ? he wake up at 8:30 . if you ring the upstairs neighbor 's bell , they 's 11l let you in . I ' 11 leave you the apartment key above the door . nader go from the kitchen to the live room . he pay no ( continued ) 11 attention to simin . meanwhile simin take she purse and several music instruction notebook , which be next to where the piano use to be , and walk towards the mover who have by now reach the door . razieh Excuse I ... what 's the pay per month ? nader 300000 . simin ( to the mover ) here , give this to he . they be music instruction notebook . they might be of use . simin give the mover a 50,000 toman note . mover # 1 I do not have any change . razieh ( to nader ) 300000 be a little ... it 's too little . nader no , that 's the rate . ask around . simin go to the bedroom to get some change . termeh walk towards the kitchen with she laundry . razieh be still think . razieh the commute be far . several bus line . nader ( to termeh ) Press the button . I already put the powder in ... ( to razieh ) it 's all I can afford . so ... 12 razieh let I think about it and let you know . nader then let I know by this afternoon . I have interview someone else , if you be not interested I do not want to lose that person . int . bedroom — day simin be count money she have take from the vanity table drawer . she lose count , get frustrated and start count again . razieh ( 0.s. ) Goodbye mar ’am . simin place the rest of the cash back in the drawer where some money be keep . int . stairway — day razieh and she daughter go down the stair . simin pay the mover . the mover thanks she and leave . simin go back inside the apartment . int . kitchen — day termeh and nader be bend over the wash machine and try to figure out the setting . nader which set do she usually use ? termeh should I go ask she ? nader she have not leave yet , and already you want to make I look bad ?!... look I say we put it on .. which one do you think ? termeh 13 I say four . nader why four ? termeh Cause the button have fade . see ? she must have use it the most . nader proudly look at termeh and put the set on 4 and turn the machine on . nader four it be . from now on we will set everything in this house on the fade setting . termeh ( worried ) she be really leave . nader she 'il be back . int . live room and mr . morteza 's room — day simin take a CD from the pile next to the stereo on the shelf beneath the television . nader walk out of the kitchen over to the live room and pretend to be interested in the channel he be switch back and forth to with the tv remote control . simin place she suitcase by the door . Mr. morteza realize that she be leave . mr . morteza simin where be you go ? simin I ' 1l be right back . mr . morteza where be you go ? with no other choice , simin go into Mr. morteza 's room . simin just to the corner . I will be right back . 14 with he tremble hand , Mr. morteza hold simin 's and keep she from Mr. morteza be of she hand . nader come to leave . simin I ' 1l be right back .. let I go . mr . morteza where be you go ? simin dad I tell you ... I x11 come back . stare blankly at simin and do not let go simin termeh ! come stay with you grandfather . he father 's room . nader dad get up .. get up . I want to take you to the bathroom . nader hold he father under he arm and try to free simin 's hand free from he hold . nader let go of she hand ... dad ... let go . mr . morteza where be you take I ? nader to the bathroom and then we 'il go and buy the paper ... come on ... ( to simin ) you can leave . mr . morteza simin . nader she 'il be back . 15 nader separate simin 's hand from he father 's and take he to the bathroom . simin try to conceal she emotion and sadness from nader . int . termeh 's room — day simin take the remain pile of book from termeh 's desk . termeh walk to the door . simin you be not come ? termeh do not respond . simin realize that termeh be stress . termeh why be you take you book ? simin I want they . termeh all this for just 2 week ? simin close the door to keep they voice from be hear . simin you promise not to say anything to he . termeh and you promise it would only be for 2 week . uncertain of the promise she 's make , simin look at termeh . int . termeh 's room and hallway — day nader be stand in front of the half - open bathroom door and wait for he father to come out . nader ( to he father ) do not put you hand there . 16 simin walk out of termeh 's room to the hallway . she be hold the CD she have find . perhaps it be a excuse to say goodbye . simin ( regard the CD ) I be take this shajarian . nader take it , take whichever you want . simin no just this one ... goodbye . nader Goodbye . simin gather she thing to leave . nader be think . termeh watch she mother leave from between the shade of she room . int . simin 's car — ext . STREET — day simin be behind the wheel and turn into a main road from a side street . she have on a pair of sunglass . her face do not show the sign of distress until she tear flow from under she sunglass . on the other side of the street she see razieh and she daughter walk on the sidewalk . she stop a little further up the street and honk she horn to catch they attention . int . simin 's car — ext . STREET — day razieh and she daughter be sit on the back seat of simin 's car next to simin 's luggage and belonging . simin be drive . razieh I think you live here . simin no I have recently move to my mom 's . razieh this will be a little difficult for I . 17 simin do not worry . he be a decent and honorable man . I trust he completely . razieh be a little skeptical . she do not know what decision to make . simin besides he have already leave the house when you get there and you leave when he come home . you 'il bring you daughter and termeh will not be alone . they 'il keep each other company and this way I will feel better . razieh think a little about this . simin tell you sister - in - law what you decide and I 'il call and ask she . razieh okay . ext . bus terminal — day the terminal be crowded and full of traffic . razieh and she daughter make they way towards the bus stop and wait with all the passenger for the bus to arrive . ext . STREET outside nader 's house — day it be early in the next morning and razieh and somayeh be quickly walk up nader 's street . they reach nader 's building . razieh ring the doorbell . the door be buzze open . int . nader 's house — stairway — day the sound of a door open be hear and razieh and somayeh come up the stair . razieh come up the stair with some difficulty . razieh reach up and search the ledge above the door . she find the key and open the door . she go in with somayeh . 18 int . live room and mr . morteza 's room — day razieh lock the door from the inside . she place she bag and she chador on the sofa . curious , somayeh stare at Mr. morteza from the doorway . he be sleep on the bed and have a oxygen mask cover he nose and mouth . somayeh what 's this ? razieh shh ! somayeh ( in a lower voice ) what 's this ? razieh it 's oxygen ... move away . you will wake he ! curious , somayeh be still stand in the doorway and razieh go into the kitchen . int . kitchen and live room — day razieh clear the breakfast table and place the dish in the sink . from the leftover bread and cheese on the table , she prepare a basic breakfast for she daughter . somayeh walk into the kitchen . somayeh ( quietly and whisper ) be he dead ? razieh ( quietly ) no .. take this over there and eat . somayeh so why do not he move ? razieh Cause he 's asleep . 19 somayeh take the tray and walk out of the kitchen . razieh take the load of dish from the sink and place they in the wash machine . she try to not make any noise . she do not want to wake Mr. morteza . it be clear that she be not very familiar with work with a dishwasher . as she be bend over and place a dish in the wash machine , she suddenly stop and feel something . razieh ( quietly ) somayeh ... come quick ... run . she motion to somayeh to come . somayeh place the tray on the sofa and hurry to the kitchen . razieh be calm and stand and place she hand on the side of she belly . she feel something beneath she hand and show she pleasure to somayeh with a smile . somayeh enthusiastically place she ear on she mother 's belly . razieh this side . somayeh move she ear around on she mother 's protrude belly to better feel the fetus 's movement . she do not feel anything . somayeh I do not hear anything ! razieh shhh ! somayeh what be it do ? razieh it 's wake up . somayeh now feel she mother 's belly with she hand . she try to find the baby 's movement . razieh it 's naughty . now razieh notice the hallway where Mr. morteza be walk towards the house door . she walk towards he . 20 razieh hello . int . hallway and mr . morteza 's room — day razieh walk towards Mr. morteza who have reach the house door and want to leave the house . from the kitchen doorway somayeh look curiously at Mr. morteza and be a little scared . razieh where do you want to go ? mr . morteza I want ... to buy the paper . razieh we have the paper . go to you room and I 'il bring you something to eat . razieh guide Mr. morteza back towards he room . out of habit , Mr. morteza raise he hand for razieh to take it and lead he to he room . razieh avoid take he hand . Mr. morteza look at somayeh . a little scared , somayeh hide behind the kitchen wall . somayeh mommy ... mommy ... razieh look at somayeh . somayeh ( cont 'd ) «he 's peed in he pants . now razieh notice the wet stain on Mr. morteza 's pants . she be shocked and be not expect this . she take Mr. morteza to he bed . razieh sit here .. sit . Mr. morteza sit on the edge of the bed . distress at this situation , razieh , careful not to step on the wet spot in the carpet , walk to the hallway . somayeh follow she . razieh ( to somayeh ) 21 where be you come ? do not you see that it 's unclean here ? go put you slipper on . somayeh go to the kitchen to put on she slipper . razieh look at Mr. morteza and the bad situation he be in . she be at a dilemma as to what to do . razieh ( to Mr. morteza ) can you change you own clothes ? mr . morteza simin ... razieh put on the slipper by the front door and walk to Mr. morteza 's room . she search among the clothes on the coat rack and in the closet for a fresh pair of pants for Mr. morteza . she find a pair of pajamas and a shirt . razieh get up .. get up .. i’1l take you to the bathroom . Mr. morteza get up . from the foul odor , razieh realize that he have not only peed in he pants , but he have also soile they . razieh ( upset ) ah ! can you wash yourself ? int . corridor and bathroom — day razieh enter the bathroom . she hang Mr. morteza 's clean clothing on the peg on the wall . she turn on the water in the bathtub and bring he into the bathroom . razieh take you clothes off , wash yourself , and then put this on .. do you understand ? wash yourself so that you 's 1ll not be uncomfortable . razieh come out of the bathroom and close the door . she ( continued ) 22 wait behind the bathroom door in the corridor . she be worried about Mr. morteza . curious , somayeh be stand in the corridor . razieh have place she ear to the bathroom door . razieh can you manage ? she wait a little . she push the door ajar . Mr. morteza be still stand just as he be in the middle of the bathroom . razieh look , put this pants on ... pants ... okay ? razieh again leave the bathroom and close the door . Mr. morteza stare blankly at the close bathroom door . mr . morteza simin ... int . language institute — reception and classroom — day simin be hold the phone and be stand in front of the secretary 's desk in the language institute where she work . all around the reception area be classroom and the student be see through the half open door of the classroom . simin he have say when he need to go to the bathroom ... look , take he to the bathroo : I can not come till 12 .. I have a class ... no ... do you call my husband ? give he a call . do you have he number ? write it down . there 's a pen on the computer desk in the hallway ... I x11 hold . simin wait for the other end of the line . she glance at the student who be wait for she to come back to they class to teach . she be conflict about what to do . 23 int . nader 's house — live room and mr . morteza 's room — day razieh be hold the receiver and it be clear that she be on the line and wait for a answer . Mr. morteza be still in he soile clothing and sit on the edge of he bed . somayeh leave Mr. morteza and come to the live room . razieh hang up and look at Mr. morteza who be look at she innocently . somayeh mommy , he smell . razieh shh ! that 's not nice . razieh take out a small notebook from she purse . she call a number she have write in it and wait for the other end to pick up . razieh hello ... good day .. excuse I I have a religious question . I be work at a house . there 's a old man here . I be here to care for he . I just see that he have wet he pants . they do not tell I that he could not control himself . I want to ask you what I should do . if I clean he and change he , will it be consider a sin ... ( pause ) no there be no one else here ... he 's 70 or 80 year old and he 's senile ... ( pause ) I call he son several time but he be not answer ... I do not know anyone here ... ( pause ) I might accidentally see ... ( pause ) the urgency be that the poor guy have be sit like this for half a hour ... ( pause ) ( more ) 24 no I will tell he son today that I can not anymore ... ( pause ) yes ... yes .. all right . thank you very much . sorry to have bother you . Goodbye . razieh hang up and go into the kitchen and get a pair of glove . somayeh I will not tell daddy . razieh my little angel . razieh go into Mr. morteza 's room and close the door . somayeh be curious and walk towards the door . she peep through the keyhole and see she mother who be try to take off Mr. morteza 's clothing and clean he . ext . gas station — afternoon termeh be pump gas into nader 's car . nader be sit behind the wheel and be watch she in the side view mirror . some people be look at termeh and be astonished that she be pump gas . termeh fill the tank . place the nozzle back and come towards nader 's window . nader give termeh two 2000 toman note . termeh pay the gas station attendant and quickly get in the front passenger side and give back the gas card to she father . termeh ( get in the car ) everyone be look ... nader that 's okay sweetheart . how many ? termeh thirty -seven and a half ... nader do you get the change ? termeh 25 he do not give I any ... nader do you ask for it ? termeh it 's he tip . nader a tip be for when he pump the gas .. you will go back and get it back ... quickly . termeh get out and walk towards the attendant . the next car in line to pump be annoyed and honk he horn . in the rearview mirror , nader see termeh argue with the attendant for the money back . termeh eventually get the money back . please , she get back in the car . nader turn on the car and drive . termeh hold the money for nader to take . nader keep it . int . nader 's house — live room and mr . morteza 's room — afternoon nader and termeh rush in . nader be hold a newspaper . mrs . ghahraei be sit behind the dining room table . she rise when nader walk in . razieh be in the kitchen . nader ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) hello ... sorry we be late . termeh hello . mrs . ghahraei hello ... how be you termeh ? termeh I be well . i’1l go get my book . mrs . ghahraei and you test result . 26 termeh go to she room to take she bag and bring back she math book . nader take off he coat while walk towards he father 's room to give he the newspaper he have buy he . somayeh be sit next to Mr. morteza and be read the paper for he . nader ( to he father ) how be you ? good ? ( to somayeh ) how be you little lady ? be you read the paper for he or be he read it for you ? mr . morteza have Ali get marry ? nader who 's Ali ? mr . morteza ali. nader ( jokingly ) yes dad ... and now it 's you turn . Mr. morteza laugh from the bottom of he heart . somayeh be embarrassed and leave the room . razieh come out of the kitchen and put on she chador and get ready to leave . razieh ( to somayeh ) come put you shoe on . we be leave . mrs . ghahraei ( to somayeh ) do not forget you draw . somayeh collect she draw and crayon from the dining room table . mrs . ghahraei look after you mom okay ? somayeh 27 okay . somayeh place she draw and crayon in she backpack . nader come out of Mr. morteza 's room . razieh hello . nader hello .. you have not tightened the oxygen valve all the way . razieh I do in the morning .. he must have open it . nader from now on tighten it all the way so that he can not open it . razieh Excuse I but I might not be able to come here tomorrow . nader ( surprised ) you have say you would come every day ! razieh the commute be too far . nader I turn someone else away . it 's 4 pm. how can I find someone now for tomorrow morning ? razieh the work be too much for I . nader please come here ... nader go to the kitchen . somayeh 28 ( point to she shoe ) I can not get it on my foot . razieh help she get she shoe on . mrs . ghahraei maybe you get tired cause it be you first day . razieh no mar ’am ... ( point to Mr. morteza 's room ) no . you be here for a few minute . you see .. I can not with my situation . ( to somayeh ) get you bag . mrs . ghahraei here 's that doctor 's number . razieh be it a man or a woman ? mrs . ghahraei a woman . her secretary know I . tell they ghahraei send you . they also do sonogram . somayeh it be kick in mommy 's tummy . mrs . ghahraei Cause he want to come out and play with you . razieh it move a lot today . mrs . ghahraei then it 's definitely a boy . razieh laugh and go to the kitchen . termeh come back with she book and notebook and sit at the dining room table next to Mrs. ghahraei . int . kitchen — afternoon 29 nader be pour water in the tea maker . he press the button to boil the water . razieh be stand in the doorway to the kitchen . nader be look for tea in the kitchen cupboard to refill the tea canister . nader you have to tell I yesterday . how can I leave he at home alone tomorrow ? ( to termeh ) termeh , where do you mom keep the tea ? termeh ( 0.s. ) I do not know . razieh you do not tell I that I have to clean he . nader clean he ? razieh he soile he pants today . nader stop look in the cupboard and upset , razieh . razieh it 's not right for I to clean he . please pay I for today so I can go . nader be deep in think . razieh could you pay I ... nader could you at least come tomorrow so that I have a chance to find someone else ? I have to place a ad in the paper . look at 30 razieh there be company you can call for a male helper . nader I can not just let anyone into my home . nader take out some money out of he pocket and pay razieh . razieh take the money and leave . razieh Goodbye . nader come to the kitchen . he hear the doorbell . he open the door . razieh be at the door . nader yes ? razieh Excuse I but could I give my husband you number and say I find it in the paper so that he could come for this job ? nader you tell he about the job and if he be willing ... razieh I do not want he to know that you know I . I do not tell he I be come here for work . nader tell he to call and come see I tonight ... razieh it 's late for tonight . i’11l come tomorrow . tell he to start from the day after tomorrow . and for the pay ... nader 31 okay . tell he to call I . we will arrange to meet at the bank . razieh thank you . nader bye and thanks for today . razieh go down the stair . nader go back in and close the door . ext . bus station — afternoon in the commotion of one of the city 's square , razieh and somayeh , exhaust , be seat on the bench at the bus station . int . bank — day the guard open the door . hojjat , razieh 's husband who be a thin thirty - seven - year - old man enter and walk towards the counter . hojjat sit down by one of the desk and be look inside the vault room and the stack of cash , which nader be busy count . nader sign off on the vault 's end of the day count and walk towards the bank manager 's desk . nader hello . hojjat ( recognize nader ) hello sir . nader place the vault paperwork on the bank manager 's desk and walk towards he own desk . hojjat sorry I be a little late . nader that 's okay . where do you say you work before ? hojjat I be a cobbler . 32 nader and now you be not work ? hojjat yes , I be unemployed . nader and you be okay with clean he ? since yesterday he 's be soiling himself . hojjat no that 's no problem . i'11 treat he like my own father ... nader but you 's 1ll be alone with he and you have to really watch he . hojjat you wife will not be there ? nader no , I be alone for the moment . hojjat Excuse I but be not 300000 too little for this work ? nader how much do you have in mind ? hojjat I have work for 15 year as a cobbler . if it 's one thing I be not scared of it 's work . I can not stand lazy people . I think you should at least pay 400,000 ... nader I really can not pay that . hojjat I 'il come for a few day . if you like my work , add something ( more ) 33 to the 300000 . if not you do not even have to pay . I can even start today . nader no there 's someone there today . i’1l write down the address for you . start tomorrow and bring a id . hojjat okay . nader write down the address . int . nader 's house — kitchen and live room — morning nader be stand next to the table . termeh 's textbook be on the table . he be quickly eat he breakfast and drink he tea . he be also quiz termeh . termeh respond from outside the kitchen . nader constant ? termeh continuous . nader barren ? termeh sandbar . nader ( correct she ) Desert ! termeh Desert . nader insurrection ? termeh Rebellion . the doorbell ring . 34 nader ( continue quiz tone ) doorbell ? termeh be dress in she school uniform and be put on she shoe . she go towards the intercom . termeh ( continue quiz answer tone ) Mrs. razieh . nader ( continue quiz tone ) no ! termeh ( continue quiz answer tone ) her husband . termeh buzze razieh and she daughter in without check to see who it be . nader give the Persian version of the follow word : gas capsule ? termeh ostovanak gaaz . nader maquette ? termeh nemunak . nader compote ? termeh khoshaab . 35 nader come out of the kitchen with the book in he hand . he put on he shoe to leave . he look at he father who be asleep in he room . nader guarantee ? termeh tazmin , zemanat . nader that 's Arabic . the Persian version . termeh that 's what 's write in we book . nader I think we agree that you would never repeat that sentence . when something be wrong , it do not matter where it 's write . for guarantee write ... nader think for a bit . termeh she 'il deduct point if I write anything else . nader that 's okay let she ... write poshtvaneh . the doorbell ring . termeh open the door . razieh and she daughter come in . termeh hello . razieh hello . nader hello mar ’am .. you husband be suppose to come today ! termeh leave . 36 razieh he could not make it . nader what about tomorrow ? will he come ? razieh I do not know , if he do not I ' 1l come . nader I hope it 's not go to be like this everyday . razieh no poor guy want to come . last night one of he creditor come with a police officer and take he away . nader yes but if something come up and he can not make it , I need to know a couple of day in advance . razieh no he will definitely come . i‘1l go see the creditor and ask to have he agree to release he . his check have bounce . he have not come home for a week for fear of be arrest . termeh ( 0.s. ) dad we be late ! int . kitchen — day razieh pull out the garbage bin from the cupboard under the kitchen sink . she dump the waste from the sink in the garbage bag and tie a knot . she carry it to the kitchen door . it be heavy . she call somayeh to help she . 37 razieh ( quietly ) somayeh ! she start clear the breakfast table . int . mr. morteza 's room — day somayeh be stand by Mr. morteza 's bed and be stare at the oxygen mask that be cover he mouth . she be curious . her hand be on the oxygen tank valve and she keep turn it to the leave and then the right . at one point , she turn on the valve too high and wake Mr. morteza . somayeh ( to Mr. morteza ) hello . razieh ( 0.s. ) somayeh ! somayeh quickly leave the room . int . hallway — day somayeh come out of Mr. morteza 's room . razieh be fold up the rug in the hallway , which be soile two day earlier . razieh take the trash out . somayeh go towards the garbage bag . razieh be hold the rug and be drag it to the bathroom . razieh can you manage ? just leave it by the door . somayeh pick up the garbage bag with difficulty and take it outside . razieh pull the rug into the bathroom . int . stairway — day somayeh drag the garbage bag down the stair . suddenly the bag rip open and some of the garbage and the fluid from ( continued ) 38 the bottom of the bag pour out onto the stair . somayeh try to pick up the garbage with she hand and get it back into the bag but she can not . int . bathroom — day razieh have place the rug inside the bathtub and despite the fact that this be very difficult for she , she be try to wash and rinse it . somayeh come to the bathroom door . somayeh mommy , it get rip ! razieh ( frustrated ) ah !... where ? somayeh on the stair . razieh ( angry ) why do you get it on you clothes ? where the hell be I go to get you clean clothes ? take it off ! razieh be angry at the situation that have occur . she take off somayeh 's dress with disgust . this cause somayeh some pain but she do not show it . int . stairway — day razieh be in the stairway with a dustpan and sweeper . she be clean up the mess from the tear garbage bag . she sweep the garbage into a new garbage bag . somayeh be wear one of termeh 's clothes , which be too big for she . she come to the doorway with a worried look on she face . somayeh mommy ... he 's not in he room . razieh ( worried ) go see if he 's in the bathroom . 39 somayeh go back inside . razieh be worried . she leave the garbage and be wait for somayeh to come back . she be anxious and go back into the house . ext . outside nader 's house — day razieh be worried and rush out the door . she look at both end of the street . she do not know in which direction she should go . she run towards the main intersection . ext . STREET — day razieh be run forth and search all around for Mr. morteza . she run to the side of the street and then go back to nader 's street . she stop to catch she breath . she do not know in which direction and where to look . she spot a newspaper stand at the end of the street and she see Mr. morteza stand next to it barefoot . he be try to cross the busy street . horrify , she run towards he . she be look at he and crossing the street when she hear the sound of screeching tire from behind . int . nader 's house - termeh 's room — day nader , termeh , somayeh and Mr. morteza be play tabletop football and make a lot of noise . int . kitchen — day razieh wash she tired face at the kitchen sink . she hear the sound of scream and joy but she mind be occupy elsewhere and she face be miserable . she dry she face . button up she overcoat and come out of the kitchen . int . stairway — day razieh open the door . tire , she walk down the stair with she daughter . int . bus — ext . STREET — afternoon a bus be approach the station . razieh and she daughter be among the passenger who get on the bus in the woman 's section . Inside the bus be crowded and there be no empty seat . her daughter be tired . a woman move to the side and let somayeh sit next to she . razieh stand in the aisle ( continued ) 40 among the other woman . the bus drive off . razieh be hold the bar and be tired . she feel dizzy and almost fall . a woman behind she hold she up . another woman stand up and give up she seat to razieh . woman on the bus come and sit down . razieh sit down and close she eye out of exhaustion . int . nader ’‘s house — stairway — day mrs . kalani , the upstairs neighbor , be stand outside nader 's apartment and be talk to Mr. morteza whose distort silhouette can be see from behind the glass door . mrs . kalani have you have you breakfast ? go sit down and I ’1l1 call you son . do not go in the kitchen . upset , Mrs. kalani climb up the stair . the sound of the main door to the building be hear . she come back down the stair and wait to see who be come up the stair . razieh and somayeh be climb the stair . razieh be climb the stair with difficulty . mrs . kalani my child , this poor old man have be stand by the door for half a hour . why be you so late ? razieh my commute be far .. hello . mrs . kalani hello . razieh get the key from the ledge above the door . mrs . kalani and take the trash out with the can . the liquid pour out of the bag allover the stair . razieh 41 yesterday I feel dizzy and drop the bag . i’1l mop the stair today . razieh open the door . razieh and somayeh go in and take Mr. morteza with they . Mrs. kalani mumble something and climb the stair . ext . outside termeh 's school — STREET — day nader be in he car and turn from the main street into the street where termeh 's school be locate . the school be out and the street be full of student and they ride . nader be a little late . he slowly drive past the school , and look for termeh . Mrs. ghahraei come out of the school . some of the student be surround she and walk with she to she car . termeh be among they . she be show Mrs. ghahraei a model she have make for she final . int . nader 's house — stairway — day nader be hold termeh 's backpack and be go up the stair ahead of she . termeh be hold the paper . they reach the apartment door . nader ring the doorbell . termeh be tired and bend over to sit on the step . nader do not sit there , it 's wet . termeh lean against the wall . nader again ring the doorbell . no one answer . he try the handle . he knock on the door . he be perplex . nader ma’am .. mar 's be ... ( louder ) ma ’‘am ! he reach up on the ledge to look for the key . he do not find it . nader what be she daughter 's name ? termeh somayeh . nader 42 somayeh ... somayeh ... nader be worried . he press he ear to the door to see if he might hear something . nader face the stair to the floor above . nader Mrs. kalani ... Mrs. kalani ... he climb several step . termeh go to the door . the neighbor 's termeh grandpa ... grandpa ... door open . nader go up a couple of step . nader Mrs. kalani ? mrs . kalani ( 0.s. ) yes. hello . nader hello . do you see the woman who work for we ? mrs . kalani ( 0.s. ) she be mop the stair . nader when ? mrs . kalani ( 0.s. ) just before noon ... she 's not home ? nader no ... ( to termeh ) stay here , I will get my key from the car . nader rush down the stair . int . hallway and mr . morteza 's room — day the sound of the key in the keyhole . the door open and ( continued ) 43 nader and termeh enter they house . no one be at home . the door to Mr. morteza 's room be lock . nader unlock the door and enter the room with termeh . Mr. morteza have fall off he bed . one of he hand be tie tightly with a scarf to the bar at the headboard . he have soile he pants and he false tooth have fall out of he mouth . it be clear that he have be leave this way for a long time . nader be distraught at see he father in this state . he hold he father 's head and look at he face . Mr. morteza 's eye be move . he be alive . termeh try to untie she grandfather 's hand from the bed . nader help he father sit on the edge of the bed . he be angry . termeh be on the verge of tear . nader dad ... dad ... termeh pick up she grandfather 's glass from the floor . nader watch he ... ( while leave ) shameless ! nader quickly leave the room . he be angry . int . master bedroom — day nader be hurriedly look through the bedside table and vanity drawer where valuable document , money and some gold be keep . he look into another drawer in which some cash be keep . he count they . some be miss . nader do you take money from the drawer ? termeh ( 0.s. ) no. int . hallway — day nader come out of he room . he be go towards the kitchen when he spot somayeh 's backpack leave in a corner by the apartment door . he look into the kitchen . int . mr. morteza 's room — day 44 nader who do this to you ? Mr. morteza stare blankly at nader . nader stand up . stand up . nader hold he father under he arm to help he stand . he lift he arm up and back down again to make sure he be not hurt . nader move you arm ... raise they ... do they hurt ? walk a little .. walk ... raise you leg .. do it hurt anywhere ? nader help he father take a few step . termeh be worried about she grandfather . Mr. morteza can not walk easily . nader what 's wrong dad ? do you leg hurt ? nader seat he dad at the edge of the bed . he unbutton he shirt and undress he . he examine he body to make sure he be not hurt . nader try to take he father 's pants off . his father be cling on to he pants . termeh be stand there on the verge of tear . nader I want to see if you be okay .. let go ... nader realize Mr. morteza be embarrassed of termeh . nader ( to termeh ) go stand outside . termeh be he hurt ? nader no ... go outside . 45 termeh leave the room . nader take off he father 's soile pants and hold he to take he out of the room . nader ( loud to termeh ) go to the kitchen and close the door . int . kitchen and hallway — day through the half open door , termeh can see she father hold she grandfather like a child and take he to the bathroom . she close the door and burst into tear . nader ( 0.s. ) bring I he clothes . ext . balcony — day termeh gather she grandfather 's clothes and towel from the clothesline . int . hallway — day — cont . razieh and somayeh hurriedly enter the house . she be worried to see that the door be unlock and that nader and termeh 's shoe be by the door . she enter . she look at Mr. morteza 's empty room . she be clearly scared . termeh walk into the hallway from the kitchen with Mr. morteza 's clothing and towel . happy , somayeh run towards she . somayeh hello . cold and indifferent , termeh walk towards the bathroom . from she reaction , razieh realize that the situation be not a good one . somayeh want to follow termeh . razieh come here . somayeh stay . razieh walk towards the kitchen and somayeh follow she . somayeh mommy , I be thirsty . 46 int . kitchen and hallway — day razieh be worried about nader and termeh 's presence in the house . she take a glass and fill it from the tap and give it to somayeh to drink . upset and angry , nader come to the kitchen . razieh hello . nader where have you be ? razieh something come up . I have to leave for a bit . nader you have no right to leave ! razieh he be asleep . nader so if he be asleep you should lock he in and leave ? razieh I be not go long . nader ( angry ) not go long ? you be stand there , look into my eye and lie ? ( angrier ) he be die when I get home . razieh I think he would sleep like he do everyday . nader so then when he sleep , you should lock he up and leave ? 47 razieh be quiet and a little shocked at nader 's furious manner . somayeh be drink she water and be scared of nader . nader I be talk to you ! razieh have something happen to he ? nader why do you tie he hand to the bed ... huh ? somayeh hold the empty glass towards she mother . somayeh leave nader what be you responsibility in this house ? to tie this poor man 's hand to the bed , lock he up and go after you own chore ? razieh I have to go . nader do not I give you money ? why have you go to the drawer and take money ? razieh ( shocked ) I take money ?! nader ( to razieh ) go on . get out . razieh ( to somayeh ) go wait outside till I come . the house . razieh when do I take money ? 48 nader you do not take money ? just get the hell out ! termeh ( 0.s. ) dad ... come on . razieh on the holy martyr I do not ... here , search my bag if there be any money ... nader get out ! razieh ( on the verge of tear ) you do not want to give I what I have earn ? nader go towards she to get she out of the house . nader what you have earn be a kick out of here .. it 's because you child be here that I be not do it . get out ! razieh ( yell ) do not touch I ! nader then get out on you own ! nader force she to get out . he follow she to the door and slam the door behind she . termeh ( 0.s. ) dad ... int . corridor and bathroom — day nader walk towards the corridor in which the bathroom be locate . termeh 49 he 's sit behind the door . he will not move back . nader try to push the door open but he father be sit behind it and will not let it open . nader go back so I can open the door ... get up .. get up and move back ... dad ... nader try to push he hand in through the door and push back he father who be sit behind the door . he sit down to do this . termeh be worried and stand above she dad . the sound of razieh knock on the door be hear . nader push the door and hear he father moan . nader dad move over a little !.. look what 's that over there ? the sound of the knock be louder and nader be get angrier and more frustrated . nader ( frustrated ) dad you be wear I out . go back ... ( angry ) be not I tell you to get back ? ( loud ) move away ! termeh why be you scream ? he do not understand . nader ( to termeh ) do not I tell you to watch he ? ( to he father ) get up ! termeh maybe he leg be hurt and he can not get up . 50 nader ( with a threaten tone at he father ) get back ! get back I say ! nader be force to push the door open . the door open suddenly and he father be push to the bathroom floor . the doorbell ring . nader ( to he father ) why do you hurt I so much ? Mr. morteza be stare at nader with a blank look on he face . now the sound of razieh knock at the door have drive nader insane . angry , he come out of the bathroom . int . corridor and stairway — day razieh open the door to the apartment and walk in . nader ( angry at razieh ) with whose permission do you come in ? razieh ( worried ) I want to know what have happen to he . nader that 's none of you business ! give I that key and get out ! razieh I do not steal anything . if I have ... nader I do not want you to explain . just get out . razieh pay I for today and I will leave . 51 the sound of the neighbor 's door open . nader pay you for what ? razieh ( on the verge of tear ) I come here with my child from ... ( cry ) I swear on the prophet , I do not take any money . nader get out and cry all you want . razieh I will not leave till I get my money . nader lunge towards she and grab she by the shoulder to get she out . razieh ( scream ) do not touch I ! nader push she out and slam the door shut and lock it . angry , he walk towards the corridor . termeh be stand in the corridor terrify and in disbelief . nader go into the bathroom . termeh , worried , walk to the door and listen to see what have happen . razieh 's voice have silence . worried , termeh crack the door open . she see razieh sit at the foot of the stair and be in such pain that she cannot even scream . razieh can hardly breathe . somayeh be stand above she mother and cry . a neighbor , Mrs. kalani be try to help she . a couple of the neighbor be stand in the stairway . Mrs. kalani be rub she shoulder . mrs . kalani what happen ? razieh be try to get up . mrs . kalani sit for a bit .. do not get up ... 52 unaware of she surroundings , razieh get up with difficulty . upset , she take she daughter 's hand , gather she chador around she and leave . upset , termeh come inside and close the door . int . bathroom — day nader turn on the water . he hold the handheld shower over he father who be sit on the edge of the bathtub . he take a loofah to wash he . while scrubbing he , he notice a wound on he father 's elbow . he start to cry . he regret and be embarrassed by the way he earlier scold he father . he hold he father 's head in he arm just like a father would he child , kiss he . ext . STREET outsdie simin 's parent 's home — dusk nader be behind the wheel . his father be sit quietly in the front passenger seat . termeh be in the back seat and have she schoolbag and a overnight bag with she . they drive up and stop outside a old apartment building . termeh gather she thing to get out of the car . nader tell she to work with you on you English lesson . termeh bye grandpa . nader ( to he dad ) dad termeh say bye . Mr. morteza do not reply . termeh get out and jump over the street gutter and walk over to she grandmother 's house . nader be wait for she to go in . termeh ring the doorbell . she speak on the intercom . she then come back to the street . nader lower he window . termeh want to cross and come over to the car . nader do not cross ... what be it ? termeh Mom want you to come in . nader 53 tell she I can not , that grandpa 's in the car . termeh she say it 's important . int . simin 's parent 's house — night a simple and old apartment . grandma katti ( simin 's mother ) open the door on nader . simin 's dad who be seventy year old be seat on a chair in a corner and because of he ail leg , be praying in that position . a young satellite tv technican be stand in front of the television set and be organize the channel on the satellite tv receiver . simin put on a headscarf to come out of she room . nader hello . grandma katti hello . you have not yet divorced you wife and you be ignore we . nader I be busy . grandma katti people divorce they wife to get less busy . simin come out of she room to the live room . nader have take a few step inside the house . they be both ina sullen state and cold towards each other . simin where 's termeh ? nader dad 's in the car . she stay with he . grandma katti then bring he in too . nader no he 's tired . it 's time for he nap . 54 satellite tv technician ma’am , this channel have too much static . grandma katti okay just set the one you can . simin ( to nader ) do you fight with that woman today ? nader which woman ? simin razieh . nader do she come see you ? simin her sister - in - law call . nader shameless ! simin what do she do ? nader tied the old man to the bed and lock the door . go after she own errand . if I have get there 10 minute later I would have lose he . simin ( worried ) do anything happen to dad ? nader he have fall off the bed . I do not know for how long the poor thing be like that . simin 55 where have she go ? nader how should I know ? simin she say you hit she . nader I hit she ? nonsense . simin then why be she in hospital ? nader ( shocked ) Hospital ? why ? what happen ? simin you be ask I ? nader I just push she out of the house . simin the sister - in - law be cursing I nonstop . nader say what ? simin that if she die , she blood will be on you hand . stuff like that . nader be clearly worried . simin 's father have finish say he prayer . simin 's father go to the hospital and find out what 's happen ... you might be in trouble .. hello . nader ( to simin 's father ) 56 hello. ( to simin ) she do not say what happen ? simin I hang up . she start cursing . frustrate , nader sit down on the chair next to she . nader that 's what you get for hire people off the street . simin do not blame I . I tell termeh to tell you that I do not know she and only know she sister - in - law . nader which hospital be she at ? int . hospital — night in a hospital in the south of Tehran with date interior , nader walk towards the reception . simin be behind he . a middle - age woman be sit at reception and be on the phone . receptionist ( to nader ) yes ? ( on the phone ) hold . nader Excuse I but a patient , a woman , by the name of razieh be bring in ... receptionist what 's she last name ? simin we do not know she last name but she be bring in earlier this evening . 57 nader her husband 's family name be samadi ... receptionist why be she bring in ? nader and simin do not know what to say . nader we do not know . we just hear that she be not well and that they have bring she here . the receptionist look over she papers . receptionist ( read from one of the papers ) razieh ... asnaghi ? simin she be a woman in she thirty . receptionist visit hour be over . she 's have surgery and have be transfer to the ward . nader what kind of surgery ? receptionist she have a miscarriage . by hearing this news , nader become extremely upset and move to a corner and stand there . simin be she okay ? receptionist yes , she 's fine . simin be she family here ? receptionist 58 they be here ... they might be at the end of this corridor now . simin walk towards nader who be upset and stand in a corner . simin what do you do to she ? nader ( upset at simin ) what do I do to she ? int . end of a corridor — night several row of bench be place in a square - shape area at the end of the corridor . a television set be install on a column and be show the news . the next of kin of patient be seat on the bench in silence and some of they have doze off . among they be hojjat , razieh 's husband . he be watch tv . simin and nader walk though the corridor to this wait area . nader spot hojjat and cautiously approach he . nader be follow by simin . nader hello . hojjat hello ... how be ... ( he recognize he ) hello ... how be you ? nader thank you very much ... how be she ? hojjat ( puzzle ) who ? nader you wife . hojjat they transfer she to the ward .. do you know she ?! 59 simin yes ... I know she . hojjat be a little suspicious . nader and simin , who be not expect this calm reaction from he , do not know what reason to give for they presence at the hospital . simin can we see she ? hojjat 's sister , azam now arrive with some cake and fruit juice . she know simin . azam ( to hojjat ) they do not have any sandwich . simin hello . azam ignore she on purpose . hojjat ( to nader and simin ) how do you know my wife ? simin I know she through you sister . she introduce she to I for work . azam ( sarcastically to simin ) thanks a lot ! hojjat ( to nader ) she be come to you house for work ? nader apparently you be unable to come so she come in you place . 60 azam ( to hojjat ) sit down and eat something . hojjat ( to nader ) she come to take care of you father ? nader only for a few day . hojjat and why do not you tell I this that day ? nader I think she would tell you herself . hojjat why have you come here ? simin we think if there be something we can ... azam like what ? you kill she child and now you want to raise she dead ? hojjat ( to azam ) but she say she fall ! azam what do you want she to say ? that I go somewhere and work myself to death and instead of pay I they beat I . upon hearing this hojjat lunge at nader catch he off guard and slap he hard . nader hold hojjat 's hand to stop he from hit he again . azam try to stop hojjat who be no longer in control . simin stand in front of nader to ( continued ) 61 stop hojjat from hit he . other people surround they . one of hojjat 's blow strike simin 's face and nose . nader push hojjat back and defend simin . people take hojjat to the side . hojjat yell and curse . azam ( yell at nader ) why in God 's name do you come here ? worried , simin take nader to another side . nader do not object and sit down in a corner . his shirt be tear . simin do not sit here . let 's go . get up ... nader look up and see simin bleed from she nose . int . nader 's car — ext . STREET — night nader be behind the wheel with a dishevel look . simin be sit in the passenger side seat with she head tilt back . she be lightly bruise under she eye . she be hold a napkin to she nose . nader do you want I to push back you chair ? simin shake she head to imply no . nader I 'il take you home and then I 'il go get dad and termeh . simin no . nader what do you mean no ?! you want to go to you parent 's in you state ?! simin do not respond . nader 62 it 's over . you be come back home tonight . simin I do not want to . nader be shocked at she response and do not continue the discussion . int . courthouse — corridor — day in the busy and crowded corridor of the courthouse , nader be in search of the branch he have be summon to . he be hold a piece of paper in he hand . among the many face seat in the corridor , he spot somayeh , razieh 's daughter , sit by herself . she be absorb by the people in handcuffs or in prison uniform . through a partially open door , nader spot hojjat who be busy speak to the examine magistrate 's assistant . a few foot behind he , be razieh stand next to the door . nader wait for they to finish and come out before go inside . now somayeh see nader . she do not know whether she should say hello or ignore he . nader be look at she kindly . hojjat and razieh come out of the room . they be not expect to see nader . they pass each other without any kind of exchange . razieh still look pale and sickly . nader go in . hojjat look at nader hatefully . razieh take she daughter 's hand and walk towards the door to leave but it seem like hojjat want to stay . int . examining magistrate 's room — day in a room with a window , which open to the crowded courtyard of the courthouse , hojjat and razieh be seat on chair opposite the examine magistrate 's desk . nader be seat two chair over . between they be a empty chair . the door be ajar and the people and the traffic from the room next door be hear . the secretary who be a young man be seat behind another desk and be on the phone . the examining magistrate make note accord to they answer . examining magistrate so .. Mr. hojjat samadi and Ms. razieh ... hojjat asnaghi . examining magistrate be that you mar ’am ? razieh yes . examining magistrate and you be Mr. nader lavasani .. ( to razieh ) okay so what 's you complaint ? hojjat May I speak ? examining magistrate you file a joint complaint . either of you may speak . hojjat my wife be work in this man 's home . without my permission of course . this man accuse she of steal . he push she down the stair and she fall and lose my child . examining magistrate do you have the medical examiner 's report ? hojjat it 's on you desk . examining magistrate on what date be this ? hojjat what date be Wednesday ? examining magistrate ( to nader ) you hear the accusation ? do you accept the charge ? what be you defense ? nader ( upset ) 63 64 I be sorry , when I hear I be very upset . I get up and go to the hospital . examining magistrate then you accept that you do this ? ( point to the medical examiner 's report and to hojjat ) do you get this on that day from the medical examiner 's office ? hojjat that night we go to the hospital . we take the hospital file to the medical examiner 's office . examining magistrate ( read from the report ) four and a half month ... male ... ( to nader ) well , explain . nader I accept that I be a little too harsh with she . examining magistrate what be harsh ? do you push this lady ? nader I do not push she . I try to get she out of the house . examining magistrate look sir . please be clear . you have be charge with manslaughter . the fetus be at four-and - a-half month and count as a complete human adult . 65 nader be completely shocked at the magistrate 's word . nader I do not approach she with the intent of push she .. I want she to leave so that I could close the door to my house . razieh ( shocked ) you do not push I ?! examining magistrate ma’am , please . nader if I know she be pregnant , I would not even try to get she out of the house like that . I just want she to leave . examining magistrate ma ’am do you agree with he explanation ? razieh he do not push I . he grab I here and throw I out and I fall on the stair . nader I do not throw she . like I say I want to get she to leave my house . hojjat you jerk , who get a pregnant woman to leave they house this way ? nader I do not know she be pregnant . hojjat why be you lie ? nader 66 I find out at the hospital . razieh you honor , you be like a older brother to I , can not everyone tell from the appearance and body of a woman that she be pregnant ... hojjat 4 to 5 month pregnant . nader when do I even have a chance to see you ? I be already go or leave when you would arrive . when I have come back in the afternoon , you always have you chador on and be leave . in fact whenever I have see you , you always look like this with the chador . how would I know you ... examining magistrate ( to razieh ) he can claim that he could not tell from you appearance . nader besides , you honor , I would never think that a pregnant woman would apply for this kind of work . razieh you honor , I speak of my pregnancy in front of he , he daughter and she private tutor who come to they house . they all hear it . nader when ? I do not remember . hojjat no of course you would not remember . 67 nader anyway , the issue be not that I know or not . examining magistrate yes it be ! if it 's prove that you know , the court can sentence you to 1 to 3 year in prison ... well ? nader I do not know . razieh his daughter 's tutor can testify . let she come in and say that he do not hear I . examining magistrate can she come in tomorrow ? nader you honor , I do not want she or the school involved . that 's not good for my child . hojjat ( angry ) you trash . you have kill my child . it 's bad for you child ? nader do not insult I . hojjat ( a bit more calm ) you child be human but ours be a animal ? examining magistrate ( to hojjat ) do not insult . hojjat be I insulting or he who take ( more ) razieh have not 68 my poor pregnant wife to clean the shit between he father 's leg ? nader ma ’am do I force you to come ? you come for ... examining magistrate ( to hojjat ) look , if you disrupt the order here , I ' 11 put you in prison for three day . razieh ( to the examine magistrate ) please he 's a bit hot-tempere ... hojjat ( to razieh ) hot-tempere ? I should sue you for secretly work for a strange , single man whom no one know ... razieh ( in tear ) I only want to help with the bill . you honor , he have not work for month . examining magistrate the tutor have to come in as a witness . ( to nader ) call she to come in tomorrow or give she number to Mr. izadi to arrange it . yet stop cry . razieh you honor I be here today for one thing .. I lose my child but it do not hurt as much as when he accuse I of be a thief ... 69 hojjat if we be thief , we would not have to come to you home for work . examining magistrate ( to nader ) do you have proof or a witness that she steal ? nader I do not say she steal ? I go to my drawer , and see that my money be short . and it be the same amount that I pay she . examining magistrate why do you fight ? hojjat he accuse she of steal . nader you honor , my father be 80 year old . he be sick . he have Alzheimer 's . she tie he hand to the bed and leave the house . that day I come home early . I see he on the floor with he hand tie to the bed . I think he have die . she come back and I be not say I be not angry , I be . I tell she to leave and she be be stubborn and would not leave . razieh you honor , where should I have go ? he accuse I of steal . if I have not ask for the money and leave , he would have think I have steal the money . examining magistrate be you father hurt ? nader yes he be a little hurt . 70 razieh get upset at hearing this . she look at the window and then get up to leave the room . examining magistrate ma ’am sit down . where be you go ? razieh ( point to the window ) my daughter be go outside ! examining magistrate come back quick . and close the door . razieh leave and close the door behind she . int . corridor — day with the excuse of check up on she daughter , razieh come out of the examination branch and walk through the crowded and busy corridor towards the exit . she be preoccupy with something . ext . courtyard — day she reach the courtyard . she look around and spot she daughter play in a corner of the yard . she walk towards she . she spot a public telephone in the corner of the yard . doubtful , she change she direction and walk towards the public phone . she wait for the person who be on the phone to finish they conversation . she be a little worried . she get a little notebook out of she bag . she use she break glass to read a number out of it . her turn to use the phone come up . she dial the number . she be wait for the other end to pick up . she see hojjat who have come to the courtyard look for she . she hang up before hojjat can see she and walk towards hojjat . hojjat why be you take so long ? razieh I be not well . you go I '11l come . hojjat 71 he say you lock up he father and leave . razieh what should I say ? hojjat say ? if he file a complaint you will be arrest . razieh do not know what to do . it be clear she be ina difficult situation . razieh you go on . i’11l come . hojjat leave . razieh be upset and full of doubt . she go back inside . somayeh be stand in a corner and look at a small kitten that in the midst of all this commotion , be stand by a prisoner 's foot . the prisoner be in handcuffs and be in prison uniform . a guard be sit next to he . the prisoner be throw he leftover food from a plastic plate on the ground for the little kitten . the kitten be eat it and rub itself against the prisoner 's leg . somayeh be curious and walk towards they and stand there and watch the kitten . int . examining magistrate’s office — day now , nader , hojjat and razieh be all stand in front of the examine magistrate 's desk . they be all more distraught than before . the door be still open and other people wait to see the magistrate be all stand in line by the door with they file in they hand . razieh he be sleep . I lock the door to keep he in . his son would lock the door and leave I the key in the morning . I see that he do it so I ... examining magistrate he say you tie he to the bed . razieh 72 I be afraid he would wake up and do something to hurt himself . I swear on the absent imam that I do it out of compassion for he . nader the question be why do you leave you place of work . hojjat so if she leave you should hit she ? who say you could touch my wife ? if honor 's not important for you , it be for I . nader do not be offensive . examining magistrate ( to hojjat ) Sir , leave the room ... go on . nader I want to file a complaint against this woman . examining magistrate write you complaint . take you father to the medical examiner . if he 's hurt , get a report . hojjat what happen to we complaint ? examining magistrate ( to hojjat ) sign this and leave . examining magistrate ( to nader ) call someone to post bail or bring a deed for you . nader ( extremely shocked ) 73 bail for what ? examining magistrate you be charge with murder . I can not let you leave . the blood money be forty - million toman . nader how be I go to post bail or bring a deed ? I live at my dad 's . examining magistrate without bail you 's 1ll go to jail ... come and sign here . it be clear that razieh be upset from the situation nader be in . she come forward with hojjat and both sign the paperwork . nader be helpless . nader ( plead ) you honor , my father be sick and he 's home alone right now . I could not find anyone to watch he . I have to lock he in and come here . my daughter will be back from school this afternoon . no one will be there to watch they . i’1l leave you my id , my pay slip , whatever you want but if I go to jail my dad and my daughter ... please . examining magistrate look sir , it 's not in my hand . it 's the law . int . examining magistrate’s manager' office — day nader be on the phone . the room be crowded and other people be all speak to the office manager . nader ( on the phone ) what about the guy at the bank ? ( more ) 74 ( pause ) what about tavassoli ? ( pause ) in whose name be it ? ( pause ) be you wife home now ? ( pause ) can you speak to she ? ( pause ) please bahman , just let I know asap . if the deed be not here in a hour , I have to go to jail ... uhum .. if I call in ten minute will you know ? ( pause ) okay . ( pause ) no thanks . nader be very upset . he hang up the receiver and again pick it up to call another number . the office manager object . office manager how many call do you make ? nader I just want to leave a message . office manager hurry up so this place clear up . nader take the receiver and make another call . he wait . while he wait , he see through the open door that hojjat and he wife have not leave yet . int . nader 's house — mr. morteza 's room , hallway , kitchen — night . termeh come out of the kitchen and go to the bathroom to wash she hand . simin have come there and walk towards the answer machine . she listen to nader 's message . nader ( record message ) hello , termeh .. I get tie up ( more ) 75 here today . they be keep I tonight . do not worry about anything . it 's nothing . it 's just that tonight you will have to be on you own . keep a eye on everything . take grandpa to the bathroom regularly . kiss . take care . i’1ll call you again tomorrow . during the message 's entire playback , simin get up and walk toward Mr. morteza 's room . Mr. morteza be quiet and sometimes look at simin . simin be in conflict with herself . termeh come out of the bathroom . termeh if you have not leave , dad would not be in jail right now . simin you dad be not in jail because of what I do . it 's because he 's beat up a pregnant woman like a thug . termeh she come cause you leave . simin ( with sarcasm ) and he be just so upset that I leave . termeh he know you be not really leave . simin fall silent for a moment . she be pensive . simin do you tell he ?! termeh he find out . simin say the truth . you tell he ? 76 termeh do not respond . simin get you stuff . we be leave ... termeh I will not come . I have homework to do . simin i‘1l leave you and if you die of fright I ... termeh Fine . simin if you call I be go to let you have it . termeh do not respond . simin sit Mr. morteza down on the sofa and walk into the kitchen to get some thing . int . simin 's car — ext . STREET — night Mr. morteza be sit quietly on the passenger side chair . he be stare ahead blankly . simin be behind the wheel and be drive . simin not a word to say do not do this , do not leave or I will not divorce you ... not a word ... '' one day you come to live with I and now you do not want to ! '' .. it 's not as if I live with he for 14 year . a brief silence ensue . she be very upset . simin if he would say '' I will not divorce you , '' or he have fight with I , or make excuse , it would not hurt this much ... she now begin to cry . 77 simin child ! only we child ? that 's it ? whether I be there or not it do not matter ... the entire time simin be speak , Mr. morteza be stare at she . it be clear that he have not understand anything of what simin have just say . simin pull over by the side of the street . she think a little . she be worried . she make a u-turn on that very busy street and go back . ext . courthouse — courtyard — day nader be walk through the courtyard towards the building . he be handcuff to a officer . from he expression it be clear that he have spend a difficult night in jail . termeh seem to be wait for he . upon see he , she walk towards he . nader be shocked to see she here . termeh dad ... hi. nader what be you do here ? who would you come with ? termeh see she father 's hand handcuff to the young officer 's . she look like she be go to cry and can not say anything . nader why be not you at school ? do not you have a exam today ? termeh no it 's tomorrow . nader , termeh and the officer walk towards the building and the corridor . nader who bring you here ? termeh Mom have bring grandma 's deed . 78 nader be a little surprised at hearing this . int . corridor — ext . courtyard — day nader and termeh enter the corridor . he glance at the other end of the corridor and see hojjat , he wife and they daughter sit and wait . somayeh 's gaze be at termeh . nader see grandma katti and along with termeh and the officer , they walk towards she . nader hello . grandma katti should not you tell we you be in trouble so we can bring a deed ? nader I do not want to trouble you . grandma katti silly man . nader ( to termeh ) where 's grandpa ? grandma katti he 's safe . he 's at we house . come and sit . officer no mar ’am he can not . I have to take he to the examine magistrate . grandma katti ( to nader ) what be they say ? '' my child '' as if they eighteen - year old son be stab to death on the street . nader do you speak to they ? grandma katti 79 you can not even speak to the man . I tell the wife you be young . you can try next year . honestly ! simin walk towards they with the deed and other document in she hand . she be still cold towards nader . grandma katti what happen ? simin I have to take someone to appraise the house . nader hello . simin hi. ( to grandma katti and termeh ) you stay here . i’1l be back . simin leave . she walk from the corridor to the courtyard . from she face , it be clear that she have have a difficult night . int . security desk — day the female officer at security be look through all the cell phone in she drawer to find simin 's cell phone . simin be stand in front of the desk wait to get she cell phone before she leave . Mrs. ghahraei who have just walk in , see she . mrs . ghahraei hi Mrs. lavasani . the female officer hand simin she cell phone . simin hi. ( to the female officer ) thank you . ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) how be you ? 80 mrs . ghahraei it 's a good thing I see you . what happen ? be it true that ... simin yes unfortunately . he push she and she fall and lose she baby . mrs . ghahraei ( worried ) so what should I tell they ? simin I do not know what they 's 1ll ask . mrs . ghahraei what if he ask something that ... female officer ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) ma ’am , you cellphone . simin do not know how to answer Mrs. ghahraei 's question . Mrs. ghahraei hand over she cellphone to the female officer . simin leave . simin ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) you should tell the truth . ( walk towards the exit ) Excuse I but I have to go and take care of this deed . mrs . ghahraei okay . int . examining magistrate’s office — day sitting in front of the examine magistrate 's office , be hojjat and razieh . they be on one side of Mrs. ghahraei and nader be on the other . Mrs. ghahraei be answer question . 81 examining magistrate where be he ? mrs . ghahraei Mr. lavasani be in the Kitchen . examining magistrate do he have any reaction or contribute to you conversation ? mrs . ghahraei if he do , I do not notice . examining magistrate how do you realize she be pregnant ? mrs . ghahraei I think she tell I . razieh ma ’am you ask I . why would I tell you ? mrs . ghahraei oh yes she daughter be draw a man and a woman . she say this be my daddy and mommy . I say you mommy 's not that fat . she say she have a baby in she tummy . examining magistrate so you do not find out from she appearance ? mrs . ghahraei no . hojjat why be you lie ? you be a woman . woman can tell from the face of a woman if she 's pregnant . mrs . ghahraei 82 even if I could tell , what difference do it make to Mr. lavasani ? hojjat this woman be he daughter 's tutor . they have fix they storey . nader why be you insulting this lady ? hojjat no one 's talk to you . nader when do I have the opportunity to fix my story ? I be in here last night ! razieh you honor , it be obvious . now that I be speak to you , even if that man ... ( point to the secretary ) do not want to , he can hear we . ( to the secretary ) right ? nader I do not hear you . my mind be in a thousand place . why would I listen to you conversation ? do I have to swear to God ? hojjat like you even believe in God and the prophet that ... nader no God and the prophet be for you type only ! mrs . ghahraei 83 ( to the examine magistrate ) he be a honorable man . I have be go there for a year to teach he daughter . he do not come into the live room till I be do teach he daughter . he stay in he room . nader why when she 's pregnant would she not tell I about it ? why would she hide it and come and take this job ? if I have know , I would not have even hire she . hojjat why do you hire she when you know she do not have she husband 's permission to work ? examining magistrate ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) you may go . int . corridor — day grandma katti have she read glass on . she be take this opportunity to quiz termeh from she book . termeh be sit on one side of grandma katti and somayeh be sit to the other side with a slight space between they . she be curious about termeh 's answer to she grandmother 's question . termeh during the rule of the sassanian dynasty , people be divide into two class , the royalty and nobility and the ordinary people . grandma katti ( correct she ) the common people . Mrs. ghahraei walk out of the examine magistrate 's department and walk towards they . 84 termeh ma ’am what do they ask ? mrs . ghahraei they want to know whether you dad know somayeh 's mom be pregnant or not . grandma katti we have cause you all this trouble . mrs . ghahraei there 's nothing to forgive . ( to somayeh ) sweetie , how do mommy lose she baby ? somayeh she get a tummy ache . mrs . ghahraei why ?... do daddy fight with she at home ? grandma katti ( try to get somayeh to explain ) why should he fight with she ? mrs . ghahraei ( to somayeh ) maybe because she do not tell he she be work in people 's home ? do he hit she ? somayeh my mom and dad never fight . mrs . ghahraei then why be they fight in you draw that day ? you show I . somayeh they do not fight anymore . 85 mrs . ghahraei you be sure ? somayeh be quiet and do not respond . int . examining magistrate’s office — day nader and hojjat be stand in front of the examine magistrate 's desk and razieh be sit on a chair . hojjat yesterday he say I do not know she be pregnant . today he say I do not push she . ( to razieh ) why be not you say anything ? razieh ( to nader ) you do not push I ? nader I grab she here and send she back from the door . and that 's because she be cussing in front of my daughter . razieh when do I cuss at you ? examining magistrate ( to nader ) then how do she lose the baby ? nader I would also like to know what really happen . examining magistrate look forget '' I get she out of the house but I do not push she . '' what 's the distance between the door and the stair ? two or three meter ? what else could have happen to cause she miscarriage ? 86 hojjat ( to nader ) if you have not do anything wrong , why would you come to the hospital to see what be wrong with she ? nader I come out of decency . hojjat where be you decency when you hit she ? examining magistrate be anyone there during the fight ? razieh yes the neighbor be there . exaining magistrate I nil order questioning . hojjat the neighbor be in it too just like the teacher . nader you honor , he 's be insulting I from the start ! I can also ... examining magistrate ( to hojjat ) I be the one who determine whether they be together or who 's tell the truth and who 's lie . you be quiet on this matter . hojjat Sir do you realize he ex - wife have post he bail ? examining magistrate ma ’am do you have someone to vouch for you ? 87 razieh what do you mean ? examining magistrate a government employee or business - owner to vouch for you . hojjat what for ? razieh I do not have anyone . it 's just my husband who be unemployed at the moment . examining magistrate you need someone to vouch for you . you have be accuse . razieh ( worried ) what have I be accuse of ? examining magistrate accord to the complaint he file ... hojjat he have no right to do that ! examining magistrate she admit that she tie he father to the bed , lock he up and leave . razieh I explain to you why ... hojjat this poor thing just lose she baby ... ( to nader ) be not you ashamed ? you call yourself a man ? examining magistrate 88 Sir bring you voice down ! hojjat for God 's sake why do not you listen to we ? he 's twist everything . ( angry and scream ) he beat my wife and kill my child . what could be clearer ? why do you want to trample ona poor soul 's rights ? examining magistrate if you disturb the order , I 'il send you to jail for 3 day . hojjat I have lose everything . you think I fear jail ? you should fear God . examining magistrate ( to he secretary ) call security to send a officer to arrest he . the secretary pick up the phone to make the call . worried , razieh go towards he and stop he rom dial the number . razieh Sir for the sake of the qoran , do not ! ( to hojjat ) go out and be quiet . hojjat ( distraught ) why be quiet ? so they can trample my rights ? razieh be try to get hojjat out of the room . hojjat ( on he way out ) I work for ten year with a ( more ) 89 cobbler . they fire I . I file a thousand complaint , go to a thousand courthouse , after a year of go back and forth , nothing ... examining magistrate ( to he secretary ) call the gate and let they know he 's not to leave . nader be stand there politely . hojjat can be hear from the corridor . int . corridor — ext . the courtyard — day distraught , hojjat come out of the room . worried , razieh be try to clam he . all the people present be watch they and some have gather around they . hojjat I swear on the prophet , I will not let you trample my rights this time .. i’1l pour gas on myself and set myself on fire at this very courthouse ... grandma katti have also come forth to watch . razieh be scared . termeh and somayeh who be in the courtyard feed the little kitten from the day before , be now pay attention to what 's go on inside . a officer have come to take hojjat away . razieh ( to the officer ) forgive we . he ’1ll calm down now . the officer ignore she and take hojjat . with no other choice , razieh go back to the examine magistrate 's office . int . examining magistrate 's office — day worried razieh come in . the examine magistrate be write something down . nader be still stand in front of he . 90 razieh ( plead ) you honor , I beg you for the sake of the qoran and the Martyrs ... he 's stress out . examining magistrate I already write the order . razieh in the past month , every other day , he 's be in and out of prison . his creditor have deposit he check . I have begge they to let he come out ... examining magistrate I have be patient for the past two day . razieh put she hand in she bag and bring out a plastic bag full of pill . razieh I beg you to forgive he . Sir , look at this . every day he take a bunch of this . ever since he lose he job , he 's be depressed . he can not help it . nader Sir can I ask you to please forgive he this time ? razieh ( to the examine magistrate ) you be like he elder ... examining magistrate go tell he to find someone to vouch for you ... razieh yes sir ! examining magistrate and you do not leave the courthouse . razieh I 'il wait for he to come back . razieh leave the room . ext . courtyard — day 91 termeh and somayeh be seat next to the kitten in a corner of the crowded courtyard . they be speak to each other . termeh it 's something the size of this cat 's head . somayeh then how do it kick ? termeh a four-month - old fetus kick ?! somayeh yes . I hear it ! termeh a four-month -old - baby do not even have arm and leg , how can it even kick ? somayeh do you go into my mom 's ... my mom 's belly and see what it 's like ? termeh no but in book you can go and see the picture . it 's a piece of meat like this ... she make a face to look like a unform fetus . laugh . somayeh somayeh 92 if it do not have anything , then how do they know it be a boy ? termeh be it a boy ? somayeh after my mom give birth to it in the hospital , they find out that it be a boy ... termeh do you see it too ? hojjat be on he way out . he speak to somayeh . upon hearing hojjat 's voice , termeh do not continue she conversation . hojjat go sit next to you mother . do not sit out in the sun . termeh see hojjat 's angry glance . along with somayeh , they go inside . hojjat walk towards the gate . have go after the appraisal of the house , simin walk in from the opposite direction with document in she hand . she walk past hojjat . int . corridor — ext . courtyard — day nader and termeh be sit on a bench . his hand be still handcuff to the hand of a officer . grandma katti walk in from the courtyard . she be kindly hold somayeh 's hand . termeh will you tell she ? nader she will think it 's cause she bail I out . termeh so let she ! dad please ! nader 93 ( with no other choice ) okay ... termeh you promise ? jokingly , nader raise he hand to swear . his hand be handcuff to the officer 's hand and raise he hand also . nader ( jokingly ) why do you promise ? the officer laugh . grandma katti and somayeh walk towards nader . grandma katti get up ! come and take back the complaint you have file against they . Drop the complaint and let they leave .. poor thing ... ext . STREET outside the courthouse — day termeh and nader get in they car and drive off . termeh dad ! nader what be it ? termeh you do not know Ms. razieh be pregnant ? nader no . another period of silence . nader realize that termeh be deep in think . nader why do you ask ? termeh it 's nothing . 94 nader then why do you ask ? termeh last night mom say you know . nader where be she to see if I know ? termeh she say when they tell you at the hospital that razieh 's baby have die , you do not say anything . you do not ask if she be pregnant . you do not get surprised . at time like this , people usually ask if she be carry a child . it be like you know . nader be shocked at termeh 's word . he stay quiet for a moment . nader you mom want to turn you against I . termeh do not tell she I tell you this . nader be still quiet . it be clear he be upset . ext . STREET outside grandma katti 's house — day nader 's car pull over opposite grandma katti 's house . on the other side , simin and she mother get out of they car and walk towards they house . termeh will you tell she ? nader be not sure how to respond to termeh . he get out and walk to the other side of the street . termeh stay in the car . nader walk across the street and reach grandma katti 's house . he ring the doorbell and enter . termeh 's anticipate gaze be at the door to grandma katti 's house . ( continued ) 95 her expression be that of worry . a few moment later , nader , walk out of the house hold he father 's arm . grandma katti walk they to the door . nader walk he father across the street . he open the rear passenger door and help he father into the back seat . termeh 's hopeful gaze be still at grandma katti 's house . nader get in and when he turn the engine on and put the car into gear , all of termeh 's hope dissipate and upset , she turn she gaze out of the window on she side . nader realize she be upset . nader I can not sweetie . termeh do not you promise ? nader I be sorry . nader drive off . a heavy silence fall between they in the car . int . nader 's house — stairway — day nader be hold he father 's arm and be climb the stair . termeh who be still clearly upset , be climb ahead of they and have reach the door and be wait for she grandfather to reach she . nader which step have she fall on ? termeh that one down there . nader turn the key in the lock and open the door . his gaze be on the stair and he be deep in think . nader take he inside , I will be right in . termeh take she grandfather 's hand and take he in . nader look at the stair . int . hallway and mr . morteza 's room — day 96 termeh seat she grandfather on the edge of the bed . he be quiet and helpless like a child . she go back to the hallway . something be keep she preoccupy . she see somayeh 's backpack which have be leave behind the apartment door . she open it and from it , she take out a draw and look at it . a childish draw of a man and a woman . the woman have a protrude belly . from the draw it can be perceive that the man and woman be fight . nader open the door and come inside . he see termeh look at the draw . termeh take the draw to she room . nader , tired of the event of the past two day , take off he jacket and sink into the sofa . his gaze be upon he father who be clearly less energetic than the week before . nader ( to termeh ) sweetie will you put the kettle on ? without answer , termeh walk into the kitchen . int . kitchen — day frustrate with the stove 's break lighter , termeh light it with match . nader be stand in the kitchen doorway and be look at she . nader what would you like for lunch ? i’1l order in . termeh I be not hungry . nader walk into the kitchen . nader be you mad at I ? termeh what do you go and say to Mrs. kalani ? nader what do you mean what do I say ? termeh 97 why do you go to they house ? nader I tell she that they be come to investigate . to be aware . be that not okay ? termeh if she be to tell the truth then why should she be aware ? nader be shocked at termeh 's response . he realize what she mean . nader come here . I want to show you something . termeh I have homework to do . nader leave it . I be tell you to come . nader leave the kitchen . with no other choice , termeh follow he . int . stairway — day nader open the door to the apartment and walk towards the stair that lead downstairs . termeh be perplex and stand in the doorway . nader you say she have fall down here right ? termeh be worried that the neighbor might hear they . termeh okay come inside and explain . nader I do not want to say anything bad . okay ... pretend that I be that woman ... I get throw from the door in this direction right ? 98 nader move from the door towards the step on which razieh have fall . to reach that step , he have to change he direction . nader come . look . when someone be throw , they travel straight ahead till they hit something . they do not turn one way and then turn another way and then come and fall here . right ? if I have throw she , she should have fall straight ahead on that stair up there or ultimately on this first step . okay imagine that you have be push , move in this direction ... termeh be deep in think . termeh then how do she fall down there ? nader I do not know but she be not throw on that step . either she fall on she own or something happen to she afterwards . termeh be stare at the stair . nader go towards the apartment door . nader you go and stand where I be stand . look from that spot . go and stand there . termeh go and stand on the stair lead downstairs where razieh have fall . termeh ( go down the stair ) why do not you tell they this thing ? 99 nader ( go inside the house ) forget they . I want you to know . look for yourself . nader go inside and close the door . termeh be stand in the stairway deep in think . int . behind the apartment door and hallway — day nader be stand inside behind the apartment door . he too be preoccupy . before go out of the door , he see he father who be stand in the hallway and stare at he . the two look at each other . nader push down on the door handle to open the door . int . stairway — day the door to nader 's house suddenly open and nader push a young officer who be try to keep from be push , out towards the stairway . the young officer stop at the top of the stair . nader ( to the young officer ) sorry . in the stairway , a police officer hold a piece of paper witness this scene . the neighbor include Mrs. kalani be also stand in the stairway lead to the floor above . hojjat and somayeh be stand in the landing of the floor below and razieh be stand in the middle of the stairway . police officer ( to razieh ) be that the direction he throw you in ? razieh no , towards the lower floor . nader 100 Officer , this door do not allow anyone to be push towards the lower floor . police officer where do you fall down ? razieh on this stair . police officer which step ? razieh doubtingly point out the second step down from nader 's floor . hojjat be pay complete attention to everything that be be say . razieh I think it be this one . police officer you think or you be sure ? razieh no I be not sure . police officer ( to Mrs. kalani ) be this where you find she ? mrs . kalani I do not see she fall but when I arrive , she be sit on that step down there . hojjat ( to razieh ) why be not you say anything ?!... go show they how he push you . razieh I be so upset that I do not realize what be happen . nader ( to hojjat ) 101 look , I 'il stand in she place in he doorway . ( to the young officer ) you push I out with all the force you want to use . see if I fall where this lady be say she fall . hojjat of course you will not fall . she be a pregnant woman . she fall with a touch . nader then you come and stand in you wife 's place . you choose who push you . see if you fall on that step . hojjat what step ?! she say she fall on that step up there . nader they all say they see she on that one down there . police officer ( to the female neighbor ) ma ’am do you see she get throw ? female neighbor from up there I could not see the door but I see the stair when she fall . police officer can you show I from where you see ? the female neighbor , who be hold a child , go up the stair . the police officer follow she . nader maybe she get dizzy and fall . 102 hojjat ( to razieh ) how many time do you use this stair ? why have not she get dizzy before ? mrs . kalani Excuse I . that morning when I see she here I ask she why there be garbage on the step . she say she have get dizzy and drop the bag . ( to razieh ) right ? razieh my daughter have take the garbage down . mrs . kalani you tell I you get dizzy ... nader Mrs. kalani , have not she mop the stair that day ? the stair be wet . maybe she slip and fall . hojjat ( angry ) jerk ! you push she and she slip . nader be respectful ! I be only not say anything to you in front of you wife and kid . hojjat ( angry ) you 'il eat shit before you say anything ! police officer ( to hojjat ) do not cuss . take he outside . 103 hojjat ( to the police officer ) they have to live with he . would they say anything against he ? police officer if you have evidence that they be lie then file a complaint . hojjat so now they be tell the truth ? police officer take that up with you examine magistrate . the young officer guide hojjat towards the stair . razieh be helpless and she be stand halfway up the stair and look at she husband who be be force down the stair by the young officer . the sound of the neighbor go up the stair and explain to the police officer and the shouting and scream by hojjat exite the building can all be hear . upset , somayeh be look at she mother . int . hallway and mr . morteza 's room — day somayeh be hold she backpack and be stand in the doorway to the house . she be look at Mr. morteza who be come out of he room . nader bring somayeh she draw book . nader come here ... do not you want you draw book ? honey do not get upset at you parent 's and I fight okay ? here .. come here let I put this in you backpack . somayeh my mom do not take any money . nader 104 I know ... that 's not why we fight . somayeh then why do you fight ? nader Cause I get upset that she leave my dad . somayeh she have go to the doctor . nader be surprised at somayeh 's word and think . nader ok honey . go on ... be careful go down the stair . int . medical examiner office — examination room — day Mr. morteza be sit on the examination chair and a middle - age doctor be read the piece of paper that nader have bring form the courthouse . nader be stand opposite he desk . medical examiner base on the court 's request , we will examine he and write we observation . nader but you be see that he can not talk . medical examiner do not you say he have Alzheimer 's ? nader yes but he use to say some thing . medical examiner this be not a courthouse . this thing you have to prove over there . 105 nader be upset at hearing the examiner 's response . medical examiner have he sustained any physical harm ? nader yes he have bruise ... medical examiner Lay he down on the bed , take off he clothes . nader walk he father towards the bed and lay he down . he unbutton he shirt . he untuck he shirt , he think for a moment , he change he mind , put he father 's shirt back on and button it up . the doctor walk towards they . medical exmainer what happen ? nader I be not sure he bruise be from when he fall off the bed . ext . outside termeh 's school — day simin be behind the wheel and be wait for termeh to come out of she school . the student be all happy and noisy . they have just give they exam and leave the school and walk towards they parent or they ride home . termeh come out of she school . she be look for she father 's car in the street . simin see she and honk . termeh see she and quickly rush towards she mother 's car . simin do not run ... slow down . termeh be worried and from the window speak to she mother . termeh Mom there 's a fight . int . corridor — day the sound of a argument and fight be hear from the headmistress 's office . simin and termeh quickly walk 106 towards the headmistress 's office . several of the school child be curious to see what 's go on and be stand in the corridor . termeh , embarrassed by this situation , wait outside the office and simin enter . int . hedmistress 's office — day a large office with window face the courtyard . Mrs. ghahraei be very scared and be pale . she be stand ina corner . the headmistress , vice - principal and one or two of the staff be also there . hojjat , upset and distraught , be sit on a chair . he be hold a qoran in he hand . the school janitor be stand next to he . it be clear that prior to simin 's arrival , a huge argument have take place . vice - principal ( to hojjat ) you have a fight , take it to the police . hojjat I do not want to fight with anyone . I just want to speak to this lady . mrs . ghahraei ( tremble ) what do I have to say to you ? I do not know you nor this woman 's husband . hojjat if you do not know he , then why do you come to the courthouse and lie ? simin what lie do she tell ? hojjat she know what she say . headmistress Ms. safaei , call the police . hojjat ma’am , do not scare I with the police . 107 janitor this be not right sir .. please get up and leave . simin you fight be with someone else , not with she ... hojjat if it 's not with she , then why do she try to get my daughter to speak ? mrs . ghahraei I do no such thing . hojjat why do you tell she I hit she mom and she lose the baby ? mrs . ghahraei when do I say such a thing ?! hojjat you be a teacher for god 's sake . be not you ashamed ? you pick on a 4 - year - old 's draw and tell she she dad hit she mom and she lose the baby ? be that the reason ? mrs . ghahraei I do not say it like that . hojjat why be it that you think my kind beat we wife and child like animal . I swear on this qoran , we be human just like you . hojjat 's hand be shaking with anger . there 's a moment of silence and everyone be upset about he situation . janitor let 's go outside and get some fresh air . come on . 108 hojjat get up to leave . on be way out he give simin a ultimatum . hojjat I have nothing else leave to lose . not even my life . he push he collar aside and show they he neck . principal okay sir , leave . hojjat ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) ma ’am , I be not go to let you go . I be unemployed . I x11 stand out there all day . eventually you will come out . come to court and say you lie or I will get to the bottom of what 's between you and she husband ... mrs . ghahraei ( yell ) shame on you ! what do you mean between you ?! I keep quiet and you ... hojjat if there 's nothing why do you help he ? mrs . ghahraei it be you who call and say come to court they have a question for you . I come there and whatever they ask , I tell they the truth . hojjat if you say you say the truth then place you hand on this and swear . simin Sir ... 109 mrs . ghahraei ( yell ) Fine give I that qoran ! I be not scared . hojjat you say she husband do not know my wife be pregnant . say that ! Mrs. ghahraei come forward and place she hand on the qoran that hojjat have bring with he . mrs . ghahraei ( yell ) I swear on this qoran that day at they house , she husband do not hear what you wife and I say . he be in the kitchen and do not find out that you wife be pregnant from we conversation ... okay ? anything else I should say ? hojjat leave . simin be upset and be stand in a corner . the vice - principal seat Mrs. ghahraei , who be still shaking from fear , down on a chair . headmistress he 's crazy ... ( to Mrs. ghahraei ) do not leave on you own . call you husband to come here . mrs . ghahraei no ... no .. I do not want he to find out . simin I be sorry Mrs. ghahraei . mrs . ghahraei I only go to court out of respect for you husband ... if I would know it would come to this , I would not have even answer my phone . 110 Mrs. ghahraei get up to leave . vice -principal where to ? he have not leave yet ! mrs . ghahraei I be go to wash my face . Mrs. ghahraei leave the office . int . corridor — day ( cont . ) termeh be behind the office door and it be clear that she have hear everything . Mrs. ghahraei come out of the office and termeh see she angry and upset glare . she be ashamed . Mrs. ghahraei leave . upset , termeh walk towards the exit . int . nader 's house — hallway — day nader have the receiver to he ear and be wait for the other end to pick up . he walk through the hallway to the door and open it for simin and termeh and then walk back to the live room . nader hello ? hello Mrs. ghahraei . I leave you a message earlier . can you please pick up ? ( pause ) the lady that take care of my dad , apparently that day you give she the number for a gynecologist . I want to ask you for that number to call and see if she go to see the doctor that week and what she problem be . I would appreciate you call I back . thank you . int . kitchen — day nader place the tray and dish in the kitchen sink . he do not pay any attention to simin . worried , termeh come to the kitchen door . simin what do you want to do ? nader be upset 111 nader with what ? simin with they . nader what do you mean ? simin you want to have fight and argument everyday ? nader why what 's happen ? simin he 's go to she school today and embarrassed she in front of everyone . nader ( to termeh ) what do he say ? termeh he scream , '' her dad kill my child . '' simin how can she go back to that school ? at hearing this . simin do you know what you be do ? nader what I be do ? simin he 's make threat . nader he would not dare ! 112 simin termeh honey go to you room and close the door . reluctantly , termeh leave the kitchen and close the door . simin what if he kill you child on she way to school ? nader what would you have I do ? run off abroad with you ? simin to hell with abroad ! I be talk to you about my child . what be this situation you have create for she ? nader I create ? you have some nerve accuse I ? who leave home ? who file for a divorce in the middle of she exam ? simin do not you say leave whenever you want ?! nader yes . why do you come back ? leave ! simin I will ! but first I be go to see about she situation . nader her situation 's fine . simin you have two choice ... nader do not give I a ultimatum . 113 simin it 's not a ultimatum . either you clear up the situation with they ... nader no I know what to do with they . simin do not you hit she ? do not you throw she on the stair ? do not she lose she baby ? nader ( sarcastically ) yes ! yes ! I kill she child ! simin so then why be you be stubborn ? pay the blood money and end it . nader I will not be force into pay . simin why force ? put yourself in they place . nader I be not responsible for they trouble . simin ( yell ) they child die ! nader ( yell ) and my dad have be hurt ! he do not even speak anymore ! simin he do not speak much before . nader 114 I be happy with the few word he speak . simin you be compare this with you cause she miscarriage ? nader where be you to see I cause it ? simin then how do she lose it ? nader ( lose he temper ) I do not know . there might be a chance that she husband do something and now she want to blame I . her child say that she have go to the doctor that day . what have happen that she could not wait 2 hour to go to the doctor ? why do she tie the old man to he bed and leave ? simin the medical examiner say she child die due to a blow ! nader the medical examiner be not God ! I will not accept that I do it till it 's be prove to I . simin Fine let I take termeh . nader shame on you for try to put pressure on I in this situation . simin I be worried about my child . nader 115 you child want to live here in this society . she have to stay here and learn . simin learn what ? Fighting and stubbornness ? nader I do not want she to learn from you and be a coward and afraid every time someone scream . he know where to come to scream . why do not he come and threaten I ? simin yes I be a coward . nader you whole life , instead of solving problem , you have either run away or hold you hand up and give in . just say why you want to leave this country . you be afraid to stay . simin oh and you be stay to fix the country ? you could not even manage this house for one week without I . nader I could not manage it and I be responsible . simin Fine , let I take termeh and you do what you want . nader I have not stop she from leave . nader walk towards the door . he open it and speak to termeh in the live room . 116 nader termeh sweetie , do not feel like you have to stay . go wherever you like . upset , simin leave the kitchen . int . live room and the corridor — day ( cont . ) termeh be seat on a sofa and be think about all the thing she 's just hear . simin come out of the kitchen and walk into the live room . she take she purse from the sofa . simin you still do not want to come ?! termeh do not respond . she do not even raise she head . simin walk towards the door and leave the house . int . termeh 's room — day nader be busy work with termeh on she math homework . nader he sell it for 200 toman a kilo . if he use 270 kilogram of flour a day ... write down 270 ... how much be he daily income ? meaning how much profit do he earn a day ? so how do we calculate this ? termeh do you lie ? nader be shocked at hearing termeh say this . nader what ? termeh you lie . nader about what ? termeh 117 that you say you do not know Ms. razieh be pregnant . nader why do you ask ? termeh you say you do not hear razieh speak to Mrs. ghahraei that day . nader that 's right . termeh then how do you know that Mrs. ghahraei give she the number for the gynecologist ? be not that when she give it to she ? nader be shocked at termeh 's question and be not expect it . he do not know what to say . he do not know what answer to give termeh . nader all right .. if we want to calculate the profit ... nader fall silent for a moment . nader you mom be tell the truth ... I know she be pregnant . termeh raise she head . she be shocked at what she father have just say . nader when they be talk in the live room , I hear everything from the kitchen . termeh then why do you say you do not ? nader 118 do you know what would happen if I would say I know ? one to three year in prison . I only think of what would happen to you . who would you stay with ... termeh do not know what to do . termeh if you know , why do you hit she ? nader I know she be pregnant but at that moment I do not . I have forget it . I be not pay attention . I do not know what it be . termeh so explain this to they . nader the law do not care about this . either I know or I do not ... termeh think about what she father have just say . nader if you want I to I 'il go and tell they ... ext . STREET outside termeh 's school — nader 's car — day nader be sit behind the wheel of he car and he father be in the front side passenger seat . his car reach the street on which termeh 's school be . as he turn into the street , he see hojjat who be stand by he motorcycle . worried , nader stop in front of the school . as he be watch hojjat in he rearview mirror , the student be leave the school . nader notice that several of the student be look at he . he understand the meaning of they look . termeh walk through the school gate . nader 's gaze follow she to he car and in the rearview mirror he be watch to make sure that hojjat will not do anything . termeh open the rear passenger door . 119 termeh nader hi sweetie . termeh do not I ask you to not come to the front ? nader be hurt by what termeh have just say . he have no response to she comment . he back up to make a U -turn . he spot Mrs. ghahraei 's car pass they on the street . he honk for she to stop . Mrs. ghahraei keep drive . nader get out . nader Mrs. ghahraei .. Mrs. ghahraei ! Mrs. ghahraei 's car speed away . nader get in and quickly change he direction and follow she . termeh what do you want with she ? nader do not answer and speed up . int . courthouse - examining magistrate 's office — day nader be stand opposite the examine magistrate 's desk . he be write down he complaint . stand in the doorway be several plaintiff and accuse who be all wait to see the examine magistrate . nader who 's responsible for my child 's safety now ? examining magistrate without a witness there 's no case . nader so without a witness I should wait for he to kill she and then come to you ? examining magistrate 120 how should I know you be tell the truth ? nader why should I lie ? bring my daughter and father here just to lie ? examining magistrate be she here now ? nader yes outside . ask she yourself . I be afraid to leave she at school . I be afraid to leave my dad at home . I can not go to work . my life be a mess . I can not go to work ... examining magistrate you do not know he wife be pregnant ? nader no I do not . examining magistrate when she be speak to you daughter 's teacher you do not hear they ? nader no I do not . examining magistrate you do not huh ? nader no . examining magistrate you daughter 's teacher come here and revoke she testimony . she say you know . nader she come here and say I know ? 121 examining magistrate yes she come yesterday . nader Cause he go to the school and threaten she . examining magistrate answer I . do you hear she or not ? nader no I do not hear they . examining magistrate then how do you know she give she the doctor 's number ? nader my daughter tell I . examining magistrate what do you daughter say ? nader she say that this woman get the number for a gynecologist from she teacher . examining magistrate go tell you daughter to come in .. and wait outside . with no other choice , nader go out of the room . other plaintiff and the accuse come in with they file as soon as nader leave . int . examining magistrate’s office and corridor — day nader 's mind be preoccupy . he pass through the manager 's office and enter the corridor . he walk towards Mr. morteza and termeh who be seat next to each other on a bench in the middle of the busy wait area . termeh be in she school uniform and have she schoolbag with she . she have a book in she hand though she be not read it and be look at a cat wander through the corridor . nader walk towards she . 122 nader termeh ... honey get up and come . termeh leave she bag and book and walk towards nader . nader go in . he want to ask you some question . termeh what question ? nader do not know how to answer termeh 's question . termeh what do he want to ask ? nader I do not know . nader walk towards the examine magistrate 's manager 's office . termeh follow he . they be both worried . Mr. morteza be leave sit by himself . termeh go into the room and nader go back and sit next to he father . he be worried and wait for termeh to come back . int . examining magistrate 's room — day it be clear that termeh have walk in while another file be be handle . the accuse be handcuff and seat . termeh be stand next to the examine magistrate 's desk . examining magistrate so what do you have to say ? termeh you have not ask I anything yet ? examining magistrate do not you dad tell you what I want to ask you ? termeh no . examining magistrate what grade be you in school ? termeh Sixth . examining magistrate and that day when you teacher come to you house and ask you housekeeper about she pregnancy where you there ? termeh not then , I have go to get my book . examining magistrate then how do you know she get the doctor 's number from you teacher ? termeh Cause she give she the number afterwards , when she be leave . examining magistrate she give it to she in front of you ? termeh yes . examining magistrate why do not you tell you dad sooner ? termeh what ? examining magistrate that she get the doctor 's number from you teacher . termeh I do not think it be important for my dad to know . examining magistrate 123 124 and do you tell you dad or do he hear it ? termeh when she give the number ... I tell he . examining magistrate you tell he ? termeh yes . examining magistrate okay . ext . and int . nader 's car — STREET — day nader be behind the wheel and be drive . his father be in the front passenger side seat and termeh be sit in the back . termeh be upset and look out of the window . nader notice that she be upset . termeh be quiet . nader pull over . all three be sit quietly in the car and nader be upset about the turn of event . ext . tehran bazaar — int . cobbler 's block — day simin and azam , razieh 's sister - in -law , be walk in the cobbler 's block at the Tehran bazaar . the bazaar be busy and they turn into one of its many arcade . int . cobbler 's workshop — day azam , simin and hojjat be sit on stool in the middle of a cobbler 's workshop , which seem to have be close for a long time . all the necessary tool and material be there but no one be at work . Mr. Ali , a old man who seem to be the owner be sit behind a old and fade desk next to a noisy window . his head be rest on the desk and he have fall asleep . simin ( to hojjat ) I be afraid of something worse happen because of all this argument . azam 125 ma ’am it 's you husband who be hurt this poor soul . simin they be both be stubborn . hojjat how have I be unfair ? what crime have I commit ? be it anything other than the fact that my wife be beat and my child die ? simin you be right . hojjat you husband be not take responsibility . simin I admit that he 's to blame but what 'il all this lead to ? one or two year in court for a payment plan for the blood money . hojjat that 's what upset I . ma ’am , why do you think it 's for the money that I be go to court ? simin when do I say such a thing ? hojjat I know you think this guy be a poor bum who be a con and now that he kid have die he want to ... simin why do you have to say such ... hojjat I know it ! we be a bunch of people with no honor ... 126 azam let 's hear what she have to say . Mr. Ali , who have fall asleep behind the desk , wake up by the noise and get up to get some water from the cooler . simin there 's no other way . you child will not come back to life and my husband will not get hang for this . azam she 's right . and besides it 's not like she husband do this on purpose . upset , hojjat stand up to leave . Mr. Ali follow he . mr . ali they be good people for give you a solution . take the money and settle it . you can use it in you situation . end this ordeal . simin we will decide on a amount right now and I 'il get my husband 's approval . hojjat walk towards the door . hojjat now we have to get he approval ? mr. ali you act like you do not need the money . take a look at yourself . hojjat get upset and go out of the workshop . azam Mr. Ali , do not let he leave . Mr. Ali follow hojjat out of the shop . 127 mr . ali ( on he way out ) so stubborn ! simin be look at they . Mr. Ali , who have follow hojjat , reach he , stop he and begin talk to he . int . nader 's house — termeh 's room — afternoon simin be sit on the edge of the bed . she be alone in the house . she be stare at the balcony and the clothing , which be on the clothes drier and gently move in the breeze . she hear the sound of the key be turn in the lock and nader , termeh and Mr. morteza all enter . simin stand up . she see she own reflection in the mirror and try to conceal the sorrow she feel . she be not sure whether to leave the room or wait for nader and termeh to come in . termeh realize simin be there and come to the doorway . without say anything , simin hug she . termeh will you stay ? simin do not know what to say . termeh Mom ! simin let I speak to he . int . kitchen — afternoon nader be busy place the dirty dish in the dishwasher . he be frustrated by how all the dish will not fit . simin come into the kitchen and stand next to the balcony . nader do not acknowledge she presence . simin do not know where to start . simin come and sit . I want to talk to you . nader I can hear you . simin 128 I go and speak to she husband today . nader be still busy with the dish . simin leave that for a minute . nader close the dishwasher door and face simin . simin it be difficult but I manage to get he to agree to take fifteen-million instead of forty . Three five -million toman check in exchange for he consent . nader ( shocked ) with whose permission do you promise he money ?! simin I can not handle the stress of my child 's safety . just now when you be late , I be die with worry . nader you do not get what I just say . I be say why be you interfere ? simin I do not come here to fight . nader ( frustrated ) oh God why can not I make she understand ? simin do not you say it be my fault , that I introduce she for the job , that if I have not leave none of this would have happen ? so let I fix it . 129 nader if I pay they , it mean I have accept that it be my fault . he will never leave we alone . simin do you think he will if you do not pay ? nader why should I bribe someone who ... simin pretend it 's my dower that you be pay . nader I would beg and borrow to pay you you dower but extortion , I neither have the money for nor will I pay it . simin we child be go through adolescence . she be suffer . nader if she be suffer she would not have stay . simin why do you think she have stay ? chosen you ? to keep we from separate . she know I will not go anywhere without she . she be suffer but she will not show it . nader you x11 call they right now and say that my husband say I will not pay until it 's be prove to I that I be responsible . simin I 'il sell my car . 130 nader I do not want you to sell you car for my sake . simin when you child be not important enough for you to pay fifteen million ... nader why be you talk nonsense ? money 's not the issue . I will not give in till it 's be prove to I that it be my fault . simin as long as my child 's safety be not guarantee , I will not ... nader you do not have the right to do anything ... simin if I have not do anything you would still be in jail . nader I do not want to be out because of you mom 's deed . come to court on Monday and get it back . nader try to control himself and to not lose he temper . simin leave the kitchen and be angry . int . live room and corridor — afternoon ( cont ’d ) termeh be sit on a sofa close to the kitchen . Mr. morteza have sense the fight and have come out of he room and walk towards the kitchen . simin walk from the kitchen to termeh 's room . Mr. morteza follow she . simin ( walk and speak loudly , ( more ) 131 to nader ) just say my child be not worth fifteen million for I and cut it out with the excuse . nader come out of the kitchen . he take he father 's hand and walk he towards the bathroom . simin ( walk towards termeh ) get up ! I will not let you stay here anymore . it be dangerous . nader take he father into the bathroom . he stand in the doorway to the bathroom and look at termeh . termeh do not know what to do . simin come out of termeh 's room with she thing . termeh stand up . nader be watch she . termeh you say you would stay . simin ( scream ) I be stupid ... get up ! termeh Fine .. you go downstairs and I ’‘1l come too . simin take she key and leave the house . she be angry . termeh be sad and walk towards she room . she pass nader on she way . nader do not worry daddy . go there for a few day till you exam be over . you will be with grandma . you 'il have more fun . termeh do not you say it 's not serious ? nader it get serious . 132 termeh , who be not expect to hear this , be suddenly overwhelm and start to cry . she walk towards she room . nader leave he father and follow she . nader termeh ... termeh ... sweetheart ! termeh pay no attention to he and walk towards she room . nader if you cry , I ’1ll cry too . termeh why will not you pay they so that mom will come back ? nader Mom 's come back have nothing to do with this . termeh it do . she have come to stay . her stuff be in the car . I see they . termeh go inside she room and close the door . the constant sound of the intercom can be hear . nader come back to the kitchen . int . kitchen , hallway — ext . outside the house — afternoon nader be upset and conflict . he be in the kitchen next to the balcony and be look downstairs in the street . he see simin 's car park across the street . the apartment door open . he look towards the door . termeh have open the door to leave . Mr. morteza have walk to the door with she as if to stop she . termeh leave she thing outside the door and bring Mr. morteza back inside . nader be still conflict and walk to the kitchen door . termeh again walk to the apartment door and pick up she thing . nader termeh ... termeh stop to listen to what nader have to say . nader ( cont 'd ) 133 «wif you think I be guilty go tell you mom to come back upstairs . we will call they to arrange a meeting to pay they . the intercom ring again . termeh leave . nader go back to the balcony . he look down at the street and see simin who walk back to she car and get in . he wait to see if termeh leave with she mother or stay . moment later , termeh get into she mother 's car and they drive away . nader seem to be happy that termeh have not ask she mother to come back upstairs . he leave the kitchen . int . language institute , stairway and corridor — day razieh and she daughter come up the stair of a language institute . they enter the institute . all around the reception be classroom fill with young man and woman learn English . the door to some of the class be open . razieh walk in and walk towards the receptionist 's desk . razieh hello ... excuse I be Ms. rafiee here ? receptionist she 's teach . razieh she tell I to come at ten . receptionist please take a seat . razieh and she little girl sit and wait . int . classroom — day razieh and simin be seat on two chair and be face each other . they be surround by empty chair . a few away , somayeh be draw on the blackboard . razieh be struggle with what she want to say . razieh I have doubt . simin ( shocked ) do not he throw you ? razieh yes ... razieh fall silent . simin do something happen afterwards at home ? razieh no . even before that my child be not move . simin before when ? razieh before he push I . simin you mean you child have already die ? razeih I do not know . maybe . 134 simin be shocked and be quiet . razieh be worried and look at somayeh . simin have something happen before it ? razieh I be not sure but the night before I have pain . simin why ? razieh I be hit by a car . simin be extremely shocked at what she have just hear . they be both silent . 135 razieh you father - in - law have wander into the street . I go after he . he be crossing the street to come back . I run to stop he from get hit by a car but I get hit instead . the pain start that night . simin do you husband know this ? razieh be quiet . simin why do not you come say this in court ? razieh since yesterday when you tell he about this money , he 's promise it to he creditor . simin what 's that get to do with my husband ? come see what 's happen to we life ! razieh it 's my fault . yesterday when he say you have promise he this money , I get really scared . I call a few people . they all say if I have doubt then it 's a sin to take it . simin if we do not want to pay this money we have to prove that my husband be innocent . razieh no please ! I make you swear that none of this would leave this room . simin 136 but you husband will not leave we alone . I fear for my child . razieh I be afraid of dirty money come into my life and something bad happen to my child . simin what do you suggest we do ? razieh do not pay this money . simin you husband will not leave we alone . razieh have no response to this . simin feel sorry for she helplessness . they be both quiet and somayeh be busy draw on the blackboard . int . hojjat 's house , kitchen and hallway — night hojjat 's house be small but clean with white wall . razieh be busy in the tiny kitchen . she be pour tea in glass set on a tray . she be anxious and be try to conceal she worry . through the door she can see she small hallway where somayeh and termeh be seat next to each other . somayeh show she draw to termeh . she be happy that termeh have come to they house . razieh take the tray and walk to the hallway . in the hallway , she come face - to- face with azam she sister - in - law who have come out of the live room . azam give I that . bring some plate . razieh give she the tea tray . azam see that razieh be worried . azam do not be afraid . nothing will happen . razieh go back into the kitchen . 137 int . live room — night the live room of this small house consist of two interconnected room . blanket have be spread all around the edge of the room for guest to sit on . nader and simin be seat on one side of the room and hojjat be seat on the opposite side . a few middle - age man who be hojjat 's creditor and acquaintance be also in the room . azam offer tea to everyone and then sit in a corner . simin ( to hojjat ) tomorrow or the day after ... whenever you revoke you complaint , we will give you three check . middle - aged man # 1 God bless you . middle - aged man # 2 hojjat get a pen and paper so we can write everything down and sign it so that ... nader before we do , I just want to say something ... middle - aged man # 3 say a prayer . whatever it be , it 's finish now . nader no I have already agree and will honor my word . I just want he wife and my daughter to be here when I speak . hojjat ( to azam ) why do not she come ? azam ( face the hallway and call razieh ) sister ... 138 nader would you please also call my daughter ? azam Young lady .. you father want you . everyone be quiet and curious to know what nader want to say . termeh come in . nader move over a little so that she can sit next to he . razieh and she daughter also come in and sit by the door . razieh ( to everyone ) Excuse I . nader look , before I write the check , I have a favor to ask of you . ma ’am you be a devout person . please bring a qoran and place you hand on it and swear that I cause you miscarriage . razieh be shocked at hearing nader say this . simin who be not expect such a request be worried . middle - aged man go bring a qoran . hojjat ( to azam ) go get it . before azam can get up , razieh stand up and leave the room . int . kitchen — night razieh be frustrated and be stand in they small kitchen and be deeply conflict . she do not know what to do . worried , azam come to the doorway hold a qoran . azam 139 come back quick or they 's 11l suspect something . razieh be stress and be look at she . azam his creditor be here for the money . for the martyr 's sake , do not ruin we reputation . razieh I will not swear . azam be wonder how to convince she to go back . hojjat walk in not know what 's happen . hojjat why be not you come ? razieh be afraid to answer . azam she 's afraid to swear . hojjat look at razieh in disbelief . razieh I have doubt . upon hearing this , hojjat panic . he close the kitchen door so that they be not hear . azam stay out of the kitchen . hojjat ( panic ) why be you say this now ?! razieh I have tell azam . hojjat ( frustrated ) why do not you tell I exactly what happen ?! razieh the day before it , a car hit I and that night I have a lot of pain . 140 hojjat be think of what to do . hojjat it will be my sin . razieh no . it 's a sin . I ask . hojjat they have consent to pay it . razieh I be scared that we will be punish . hojjat ( tense ) more punish than this ? ( plead ) take a look at my situation . have mercy on I . razieh I be afraid of something bad happen to we child . hojjat but you be the one be cruel to she now . hojjat approach razieh pleadingly to take she out of the kitchen . his behavior be not normal . razieh I swear to God I can not ! suddenly hojjat start to quietly beat himself like a madman . razieh try to hold he hand . hojjat have lose all control . he be angry and leave the kitchen . worried , razieh leave the kitchen after he . int . hallway and live room — night hojjat leave . upset , razieh pass through the hallway and walk to the live room where nader , simin , termeh and the rest of the guest be sit . in the doorway she face simin and speak . 141 razieh ma ’am why do you come here tonight ? do not I tell you not to come ? do not I tell you this money be dirty I do not want it ? why do you do this to I ? how will I live in this house ? I swear to God , I will never forgive you ! in tear , razieh leave the room . nader look at simin in disbelief . somayeh and termeh be quietly stare at each other . ext . outside hojjat 's house — night nader 's car be park in a open area close to the street where hojjat 's house be locate . all the car window be break or shattered . nader , simin and termeh have reach they car and be shocked at see this scene . upset , nader open the car door and remove the shattered glass from the seat . a piece of glass cut he hand . he wrap a tissue around he bleed hand and get in . int . nader 's car , ext . STREET — night nader 's car move through the street of the southern part of the city . through the glassless window , the wind blow through the car . they keep drive and termeh be deep in think . int . family court , courtroom — day it be the follow season . from the view outside the window it be clear that the weather be cloudy and it be raining . nader and simin be seat on two chair face the judge . they be dress head to toe in black winter clothing . it be clear from the length of nader 's beard that he have not shave it for a few month . they be both quiet and the judge be read they petition . a few moment of peace and quiet ensue . int . corridor — day termeh be sit alone in the busy corridor . she be wear a black cardigan over she school uniform for the ( continued ) 142 new school term . she be deep in think . nader come and take she into the judge 's room . termeh stand in front of the judge . her parent be on either side . nader be stand and simin be still sit . termeh hello . judge hello . so young lady , you parent have leave it up to you to decide whom you want to live with . termeh be struggle to answer . judge have you decide ? nader and simin be try to pretend to be calm but be both worried about she answer . judge so what be it ? termeh do I have to say it now ? judge if you have not decide ... termeh yes I have . judge and ? termeh be uncomfortable by she parent 's presence . judge do you want they to wait outside if it 's difficult for you ? termeh can they ? 143 judge ( to nader and simin ) please wait outside . simin and nader , who be both upset about they daughter be place in such a position , leave the room . they pass the secretary 's room and come to the corridor . they each stand in a corner and lean against the wall . they be both concerned about the answer that termeh will give and they be worried . the end July 2010